He does, of course, and he gives Cas Dean’s business card. He doesn’t look at it right away, but when he does, all the breath rushes out of his lungs. Dean Winchester, that name can’t be a coincidence.
They set up in Tobias’s salt-water swimming pool, for the lighting, and Jess hid her tail in a sleeping bag and pulled her long, blonde hair over her gills, while Cas sat on a cooler at the plastic, inflatable campfire, with a marshmallow on a stick. They both had a lot of fun, but Dean was a little annoyed at having his borrowed tent returned sopping wet.
“I’m not your housekeeper, Cas, I’m your boyfriend! You’re supposed to WANT to spend time with me! For fuck’s sake, you know it’s bad when DEAN WINCHESTER is complaining about your lack of communication skills.”
Plus, I know for a fact that he likes pop music. I’ve heard him playing Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga when he didn’t know I was nearby. Fucker.
. Ryan not only kept a copy of the final photo, he had it printed and framed.
Dean cycles through reflexive anger, then self-pity, then fear, then dread. In a process that is absolutely trademark Dean Winchester, he drinks, he cries, he throws things, he drives. For once, however, it’s a surprisingly short process. Two days after his fight with Sam, he comes back to the bunker and sits down across the kitchen table from his brother. He starts out playing with the paper towel in front of him, but soon slaps his hands down on the table and looks Sam in the eye.
By the time Melandriel is finished, Castiel looks a little dazed. “Thank you for telling me, but this is not a foregone conclusion. I have not yet made my decision; whatever Heaven’s opinion may be. I need to speak with Dean, alone.”
“Well, fuck. Do you have a window open anywhere, or a back door?” Dean suggests.
Sam's 35th birthday is coming up, and Cas & Dean have yet to get him a gift. Cas reaches out to Eileen for suggestions, since Dean is just not good at this type of thing.
Cas gives him a coy smile, dropping one hand to his jeans, and starting to unbuckle his belt. “Oh, by all means!”
Perfect! You’re hired, Garth!
Hey, are the flowers safe for Harmony to eat?
Jack’s face crumples, and he starts a little whine in the back of his throat, his breathing already sounding wetter, like the tears are queuing up. Cas is rubbing the little boy’s back and mumbling comforting words into his messy blond hair, and the poor man looks so tired.
Two months before her wedding, Madison Farnes calls Castiel’s studio to book a tattoo to honor her relationship with Michaela. She wants a section of a crossword puzzle, using the Greek words for five types of love (eros, pragma, philia, ludus, and agape), as well as the Greek word for eternity (aion). Cas has already done a few tattoos for the werewolf, and one for the goddess, so he’s not surprised to hear from Madison. He’s half expecting Michaela to call within the next couple of weeks, too.
That gets a laugh from Castiel. “Unless it said ‘Please be my girlfriend CHARLIE’, I think it’d still go right over her head.”
Without even hesitating, Cas squeezes his hand and replies, “Of course not. It’s for your chicken pot pie.”
“I can’t thank you enough, Dean. This is SO thoughtful. I’d started to dread gymnastics nights. I like to cook, but Jack was so grumpy by the time we got home, and it was so late, I just couldn’t find the energy to do a decent dinner. I’m so grateful. Honestly Dean, I couldn’t ask for a better friend.”
“Yes. Yes, I’m sorry. Just . . . thinking. You’re right, of course. There’s no reason Michael couldn’t be attracted to men as well. That would be perfect, actually.”
with Lisa, but he cared about her, and he loved being there. When Lisa finally ended things (in the kindest, most gentle breakup the world has ever seen), Sam and Eileen were there to watch Dean fall apart, and help him pick up the pieces and move on. They know Dean better than anyone.
Cas nods. Dean grins, shaking his head.
But Dean. Oh, he’s always felt that he and Dean would be good together. If only Dean wasn’t straight. (Actually, Cas had suspected in college that Dean
“I’ve always been more attracted to men, anyway,” he mumbles. Sam just smiles to himself and steers the conversation elsewhere.
While Jody is reaching out to Dean about karaoke plans, Donna is working on Castiel.
.........
“Even though he hasn’t shown you any?”
Claire turns and kisses Dean’s cheek. “K, love you Dad. Bye!” Dean blinks, stunned, and before he knows it, she’s slamming the Impala’s door and skipping up the walkway.
Dean thinks Cas is talking to himself, until he opens his eyes and points an accusatory finger at the couch, where an orange tabby sits. “I said shut up!”
“Just have someone keep an eye on the list every day, or set up alerts for the GISH Facebook page or Twitter feed. They always announce it when something is changed or added.”
, Melanie!?” Charlie screeched.
Over the years, Crowley has been taking bets on when ( if ) Dean & Cas would ever actually become a couple. Now Crowley has some inside intel, and can't wait to collect from Sam, Charlie, Jody, Jack, Claire, Garth, and Rowena.
When Melanie realized that the only Grimm statue was in Europe, she nervously messaged Charlie.
In case you're curious, the wedding is at the Bunker. The wedding party and guest list is as follows:
Lifting his chin, Cas smiles sweetly and replies, “I will cherish him forever”. Dean rolls his eyes, but Cas spots the blush starting to spread across his cheeks.
Dorothy says she wants lavender too
Dean takes to him in an instant. He’s a blonde miniature of Cas, complete with head tilt and deadpan delivery. Jack is equally taken with Dean, apparently. The next morning, Cas calls and explains that Jack had insisted they call, so Jack could say hello. That’s all he gets out before Jack grabs the phone, asking Dean what he had for breakfast, did he sleep good, what he was doing today, and can he come over for dinner tonight? Dean can hear Cas in the background, clearly caught unawares by his son’s invitation, but Dean says yes anyway. When Cas gets the phone away from the four year old, he apologizes to Dean.
“Jeez, OK OK. This better be good. Call me when it’s safe to come back.”
Dean crosses his arms and juts his chin out, eyebrows spiking. “Dude, everyone flirts with your wife. She’s hot!” At that, Eileen flips her hair back over her shoulder, like she’s in a shampoo commercial, and bats her eyelashes at Sam, who scowls at her.
Jack gets home from a trip with Gabriel, and texts Claire to ask why Dean and Castiel are acting so strange.
Cas looks . . . shellshocked. Then pleased. Then a little confused. Dean waits for the penny to drop, eyebrows raised expectantly. All the while, thinking as loud as he can,
Baby Bradbury is finally here! It's the official announcement!
Casting his glance around the place again, Dean feels a little nauseated. “Dude, this is way beyond a mess. I really like you, but this shit is
Dean’s standing at the sink, but his head snaps up when he hears Cas’s footsteps. His eyes drop to the beer and pie in Cas’s hands, and Dean presses his lips together on a smile, suddenly shy.
They go to this kind of gourmet dive bar . . . good beer, elevated bar food, and a dozen amazing desserts on the menu. They have a great time, and when Cas suggests they “get out of here”, Dean is thrilled.
Cas tilted his head to one side before responding. “I don’t think that will be a problem.”
a decade, a year, even a week as your beloved.
I’ll send pictures as soon as we can pry the
Dean:
“OK, how about literally ANY other conversation I’ve tried to have with you in the last two weeks? If it’s not about dinner or sex, you barely speak to me, unless we’re on a case.”
He’s so beautiful!! Blue eyes, teensy weensy
not break my word. If you and I try to pursue a romantic
Dean and Cas are dressed and in the Impala in mere minutes, but where is Sam?
She asked if the team could help her find someone who would rent her mom a piano, or let Melanie buy it on installments, but still deliver it. The team was so moved by Melanie’s story that they decided to go to Samir, and see if he would help. Samir Bes Masuda was Besu, Egyptian god of music and dance, (and currently, also the Artistic Director of the Charlotte Ballet Company). He also happened to be a very kind, compassionate person, with a lot of money, and an enormous network of connections in the world of music and performing arts. Castiel and Charlie went to visit Samir, speaking with him about the premise of GISH, and about Melanie’s mom. 30 minutes later, Samir made two phone calls, and the next day, Melanie’s mom received a beautiful “used” upright piano, delivered to her home, with Melanie there to film the surprise. Her mom cried, Melanie cried, her grandpa cried. When the team saw the video, Charlie cried, Sam cried, Zomo cried. Even Ruby cried. It was by far the most meaningful part of their whole week, and everyone was glad to have been a part of it.
There’s a slightly awkward goodbye, and Dean stands up to find Eileen and Sam blatantly eavesdropping from the doorway. “What are you two staring at?”
Everyone turned their eyes to Claire, expectantly, and we greeted with a monumental sigh, and an eye roll that should have given Claire a view of her own spine. As she opened her mouth to complain, however, Dean dashed and swept her off her feet, carrying her toward the Impala. Claire let out an indignant squeal, smacking at Dean’s shoulder. “DUDE!” Dean continued on his way, encouraged by the laughter and applause behind him. “Sorry kiddo, you’re outvoted. Democracy in action.” he told her, depositing the blonde on the back bumper. Claire sat there and scowled, until Jack came over to sit next to her. He put his arm around Claire and asked, very sincerely, “Please come have pie with us, Claire?” With that, she smiled at Jack, then stuck her tongue out at Dean. “See?
Dean gets an unexpected (and unwelcome) text from Crowley. It's not good news.
Awwww that’s so sweet!
“Ferris wheel, huh? Such a thrill seeker,” Dean chuckles and rolls his eyes.
“OK, can you tell me what’s wrong?”
Gabriel said something that has Jack worried about the future of his family, so he goes to Cas for reassurance. Also, references to chicken & dumplings, and warm chocolate chip cookies.
When they get back to the house, they text Dean and start putting dinner together. The four of them compare notes while they eat . . . well, Dean, Donna, and Jody eat. Cas tries one bite of everything, to be polite, and then Dean finishes his plate. (Donna mouths “cute!” at Jody, behind Dean’s back.) They make plans to reconvene in the morning, and Dean and Cas head back to their motel.
Jack takes a deep breath and sighs. He reaches out to touch the cell phone screen and mumbles, “I don’t see you no more. Did you go away?”
This time Dean was the one who hesitated, but slowly moved the carrier back to its previous position. “I’m gonna take that as a compliment, because it’s really fucking good coffee.”
Achilles heel, man.
Rowena wakes up to see Crowley's group text, and is appalled that Sam didn't give her the scoop on Castiel and Dean's budding romance.
That idea came from yours truly, after hours of searching Pinterest
Donna pats his arm. “No, no, nothing weird happened. Besides the usual weird, anyway. It’s just . . . look, I know it’s not our business, but Cas is a great guy, and we love Dean, but this is just not OK,” she sputters.
in the bunker.
Rent, and was always listening to the soundtrack, enough that some of the songs had apparently seeped into Dean’s own subconscious.
And all of a sudden, Dean’s anxiety just evaporates. Calm drapes over him like a blanket. Cas is nervous. He’s clearly only half-joking, and he’s worried Dean might be saying goodbye, here. Somehow, seeing that vulnerability gives Dean the strength to reassure him in the best way he knows how.
Sam shoots a pointed, expectant look at Dean, but his brother is chewing on his fingernails, avoiding eye contact at all costs.
In the end, Charlie asked Neko Tesla, Cornucopia’s local technofae, to set up some kind of automatic update link for them. Tech-savvy as she was, Charlie still wasn’t sure exactly how the thing worked, or how much of it was magic, but their Google doc corrected itself every time the master GISHlist changed, and anyone who had claimed a changed item automatically got a text notification. It worked, and it meant no one had to waste time checking and rechecking the list every day.
There was a young red-haired woman up after Donna. She sang “Mean” by Taylor Swift, and had everyone at their table swaying in their seats, clapping along with the beat. Jody was up next, singing Blondie’s “One Way or Another”, and Dean glanced across the table to see Sam’s jaw drop open. They knew the no-nonsense, maternal sheriff could kick some serious ass when it came to monster hunting, but this was a side to Jody the boys had never seen! She smirked, and shimmied, and groaned out the lyrics, slinking across the stage and staring down people in the audience. Donna and Jack and the girls screeched and whistled encouragement, laughing and clapping, but Dean, Sam, and Cas looked stunned. By the end of the song, Alex and Claire were kicking them under the table, startling them out of their stupor, and the finally joined in the applause. Jody winked at Sam as she sat back down, causing him to clear his throat repeatedly, and stare at his shoes. Dean looked first at Sam, then at Cas, and made a wide-eyed “what was THAT??” look. He was definitely going to ask his little brother about this situation tomorrow.
While the two stared at each other, the MC called “Jack Winchester”, and Jack climbed up to stand before the microphone. He was still kind of beaming at Cas & Dean, even from the stage, as his song started. He launched into “I Won’t Give Up” by Jason Mraz, with a big, wistful smile on his face. He had a lovely, warm voice, and he sang to everyone in the audience, clearly connecting with every individual person. Maybe it was his grace, or maybe it was his exuberant charm, but nearly everyone in the bar was smiling by the time Jack finished his song.  One or two women were even a little teary-eyed. Claire and Alex wrapped Jack in a three-man hug before he could even sit down, and Dean squeezed his shoulder and ruffled his hair, as he excused himself from the table. Castiel reached out for his son’s hand, and said “Jack, that was beautiful. I’m very, very proud of you.” Jack blushed and sat down, smiling sheepishly. “You did so good, sweetie.” Jody added, rubbing his shoulders and looking like a proud mom.
Melanie’s mother had been a young, single mom, her husband walking out on them when Melanie was just a baby. She’d worked two jobs for almost 20 years, finally quitting one of them only when Melanie had finished college. Her mom had played piano when she was young, and was quite good. They couldn’t afford a piano of their own, of course, but Melanie’s earliest memories were of her mom playing records of classical music, and dancing Melanie around the room, in her arms. She was always humming Beethoven and Chopin, and when she was home, she would play air piano on the kitchen table. Melanie’s maternal grandparents had an upright piano years ago, but when her dad left, her grandparents sold the piano and their house, moving into a smaller place nearby, so they could help take care of Melanie. She had always dreamed of being able to buy her mom a piano, and she’d saved up more than $1000 over the years. The problem was, she’d have to buy from a music shop if she wanted it delivered, and $1000 didn’t even come close, even for a “previously loved” upright, in decent condition.
Cas’s heart stops. He’s so stunned he doesn’t even react –which is good, since Dean clearly didn’t mean for Cas to hear him.
“Oh sweetie, this GISH thing sounds delightful, and I’d be happy to help with any of your little projects. But I think it would be best if you got someone else to transport you. Technically, I CAN move you there and back with very little effort, but the extradimensional space I move through is . . . challenging . . . for humans. You’d all be perfectly safe, physically, but it might drive some of you a little bit, well, insane? I don’t think we should risk that for a photograph. What else can I help with?”
“I’m really glad to hear that. You can never be too careful.” Dean jokes. Then, a little gentler, “Think you can tell me what all those tears were about, now?”
Would Cas prefer to be in a real relationship with Dean? Of course. At 31, he’s starting to feel the urge to settle down with someone, maybe have some kids, and he can’t imagine anyone who would be a better fit for that role in his life. Dean is clever, funny, loyal, responsible, strong, and gorgeous. He’s a great cook, has a good job with Trang Engineering, he’s fantastic in bed, wonderful with kids, and Cas trusts him with his life. He would be the perfect husband. But Cas isn’t willing to risk what they have, just to be shot down. He’s sure Dean would be gracious about it, of course, but things would change. The sex would certainly end, for one thing, and Cas is in no hurry to terminate that part of their friendship, thank you very much. No, it’s been nine years. If Dean had feelings for him, he would have said something by now. So Cas has resigned himself to enjoying what they DO have, as long as he can have it, and that’s exactly what he’s going to do tonight.
And that was the end of sneaking around. Claire wasn’t the least bit fazed. She never even asked if they were dating, she just started referring to Dean as “my dad’s boyfriend”. They talked to her about it, of course, the first time they heard it, but Claire seemed 100% fine with the change in their relationship, like she was two steps ahead of them all along.
As they all started migrating towards Castiel’s workspace, Dean oh-so-casually observed, “That Chai’s from I Wish for This, and The Barkery isn’t open yet, so Zoe wasn’t working. That means Zoe went from her place to the far end of downtown, then back up here, just to make a tattoo appointment?”
Melanie was kept blissfully unaware that her team was not entirely human, but she was a little intimidated by the fact that the whole team not only knew each other, but actually lived in the same town. Charlie did her best to reassure the woman in a Messenger conversation.
“I’ll explain later, but you gotta get lost. Now. Take a drive.”
“Daddy, why did Dean leave this morning?”
Dean: Drive careful! That’s precious cargo you got there
“Nope, took a day off. Getting a new tattoo, running some errands, and then taking Cas out to dinner and a movie.”
Cas’s smile widens even further, showing his gums and crinkling up his eyes. “Somethin’. I told you, it’s a beautiful day!” He reaches over and steals a piece of Dean’s bacon. Dean tries to smack his hand away, but he’s too slow, and Cas sits back, rather smugly munching on his greasy prize.
Hey Dean? Is there any reason Rowena should be in the hallway by your bedroom?
“Hey Jackaroni & Cheese, what’s wrong kiddo?”
With his classic head-tilt, Cas gives Dean a thoughtful glance. “Your intention was to become inebriated and engage in casual sex with a woman. Our motel room offered neither alcohol nor female sexual partners, so you would have been wholly unsuccessful, if you had remained there.”
She designed a cheese bikini, with Zoe directing her on which types of cheese to use, and Sam helping to sculpt the cheese to her body, when necessary. (And let’s be honest, way more than necessary, not that Jess was complaining.) After some heavy-duty puppy dog eyes, a guilt trip, and a promise of pie, Dean reluctantly let them use the Impala for the photo, though every shot was prefaced by him shouting, “Not ON the car! NEXT to her, OK. But NO CHEESE is to touch my Baby!”
Dean:
That weekend is not pretty. It involves a lot of beer, four separate, sappy, rom-com chick-flicks, and Dean repeatedly pulling out his phone to stare at his 48 photos of Cas, Claire, and Jack.
Cas and Charlie both came up front, one looking eager and the other dismayed. “Have I told you how much I adore you?” Castiel whispered, reaching for the tan cup that bore his name.
Gabriel: I’m with Claire on this one! Happy for you, Deano.
There’s a tug on his sleeve. “Dean, guess what?” Jack says, beaming.
Hours later, Cas does fall asleep, hugging Dean tight, a big smile on his face.
At Sam’s clearly increased confusion, Jody takes over explaining. “Sam, we’re pretty sure Dean’s cheating on Cas. I don’t know if Cas even realizes what’s going on, but Dean was definitely with someone else the other night.”
Dean stares into his melting ice cream and taps his foot. Cas
“Yeah? Well, you’ve been ASSUMING Cas isn’t into you this whole time. But if he thinks you’re completely out of bounds . . . “
********
It’s not like Cas is a hermit when he’s not with Dean. He spends time with his sister Anna, and (more reluctantly) his brother Gabriel. He goes out for drinks with Meg and Balthazar at least once a month, and he attends Daphne’s yoga class every Wednesday, like clockwork. He has friends. They just aren’t as . . . close as he and Dean are.
“OK. Can you come home now?”
“I’m older than you can imagine, Dean. I’ve waited far too long for this. If we agree to move forward, you must show respect . . . for me, for yourself, and for our relationship. No more drunken one-night stands. No more hiding. No more lies, from either of us. If we’re going to do this, we do it right, or not at all. Is that clear?”
The rest of lunch flies by. The conversation is easy and relaxed, and the pizza is fantastic. Dean even eats a veggie slice, and it’s good. Not as good as the sausage and pepperoni, but good. They joke about Benny and a few of the contractors who worked on Cas’s patio. They compare the best ways to get rid of fire ants. They debate the merits of pimento cheese. (Dean is definitely not a fan, but it’s grown on Cas in the decade that he’s lived here.) They compare notes on Raleigh restaurants. They reminisce about college. They have a great time.
After a decade of repression, denial, and longing stares, Dean and Castiel have finally admitted their feelings for one another. They’re officially a couple: sharing a bedroom in the bunker, saying I Love You, holding hands in public, the whole thing. It took exactly one night for Dean to adjust to having Cas in his bed. It took about a week for Sam to run out of sappy comments and corny couples jokes. It took about a month for Dean to adjust to being allowed to touch Cas in public, to people knowing they were together.
“Cas, you spent 10 hours reading yesterday. You spent MAYBE an hour with me, and that was breakfast and dinner. That’s how every freakin’ day goes. I cook for you, I clean the bunker, I take care of the cars, I clean the guns. You read. All day, every day, unless we’re out on a case.”
morning! Good job, Dorothy! Wooot!
The living room is filthy. There’s dog shit on the floor, stacks and stacks of pizza boxes taking up one whole wall. There’s clothes strewn everywhere, even a jacket on the coffee table. It’s obviously been thrown over something, and Dean’s reminded of a crystal ball at a fortune teller’s shop.
“Are you gonna tell him?”
Cas has lived in his house for six years, and it’s a nice place, but he’s always had vague ideas about customizing it a bit. Making it his dream house. Now, with the influx of cash from the movie deal, he decides it’s time. The kids are old enough to navigate safely around a little renovation work, and he’d really like to take full advantage of the beautiful NC weather. He spends some time on the internet, and decides he wants one of those big, folding glass walls, leading from his existing kitchen out to a big patio and an outdoor kitchen. It will undoubtedly be expensive, but Cas believes it will be worth it, and after all – he spends all his time in this house. He might as well enjoy it as much as possible, right?
“What do you mean, the list
“He did, Sam. The case is fine, it’s Dean that we’re worried about,” Jody confides.
Dean’s trying not to look smug, he really is. He shrugs. “Don’t know what to tell ya, chief. They only like it shredded in the taco rolls. Kids are weird little animals.”
Charlie:
Eileen: Congratulations! I’m so happy for you two!
Sam, I’ve fixed Cas’s tie 3 times already, but it keeps getting turned around somehow. What do I do?
After an hour and a half of eating, drinking, trash talking, and storytelling, Claire slipped away from the table with Jack. The pair returned a few minutes later, bearing The Binder full of songs. Claire dropped the big blue book in the center of the table, and the group immediately fell silent. “OK party people, pick your songs!” she announced.
Dean and Claire head to school, Claire chattering the whole way about seeing her friends, and what her teacher might be like, and how much she’s dreading science. They pull up and Claire goes quiet, eyes bright, staring at the building.
Guests:
“I don’t get the problem, man. Is there a scene in the existing books where he’s homophobic, or specifically tells someone that he’s straight?”
sort of knew. I mean, we thought we knew. We assumed.” She pauses, looking over to Sam for help, but Sam just buries his nose back in his coffee. “It was pretty obvious.” She goes on to say that most of Heaven (and Hell too, apparently) has long been aware that Cas & Dean have feelings for one another, and many believed they were already a couple. Until recently, it was a cause for derision among the angels, but now that the Heavenly Host and Humanity are all on the same team, Cas is considered somewhat of a trailblazer, a maverick with foresight. He and Dean have Heaven’s blessing, as it were, and the general assumption is that Cas will retrieve his memories, make up with Dean, and live the rest of their days together.
Esther also helped with one of Khalid’s Items:
“Yeah, maybe. I mean, mine IS pretty cute.”
so he tends to cover it up with sarcasm.
“But you use diced up chunks in chicken pot pie. I know you do, I’ve helped you make it twice. It’s Claire’s all-time favorite food.”
That immediately snaps Dean out of his panic.
Dean has officially popped the question, and is making the announcement to friends and family, the next morning.
“Of course I do. I heal him whenever he needs it, especially his liver and his heart.” Cas pauses with the tattoo machine and looks up at Madison, brows furrowed. “Dean still drinks too often and eats far too many bacon cheeseburgers, despite the fact that he’s no longer hunting and living on the road.”
Drawing lines was on his agenda for today, in fact. In an hour, he’d be at Castiel’s studio, getting 116 tiny hash marks inked into his forearm. One line for each time he’d died.
“Don’t encourage him. I’m trying to make a point here!” He turns back to Dean. “Seriously, man. If you’ve never had a conversation about it, and he’s only ever seen you with women . . . I mean, I assumed you were straight, until you started dating Benny.”
.........
Harmony Fitzgerald: flower girl
“What’s up with you, dude? You’re hummin’ and dancin’ and shit. You win the lotto or somethin’?”
thing. I’m so, SO lonely, but nearly every woman I hook up with ends up dead. (Except for that year I didn’t have a soul, but even some of THEM died.) I honestly thought it would end when we killed Azazel, but then there was Ruby, and then Madison, and Amy, Annie, and Sarah. I just heard that Amelia Richardson died in a car crash a while back, too! And then Eileen. Man, I really thought we might end up together, long term. I gave up on the idea of a normal life with anyone a long time ago, but settling down with another hunter, that’s a different story. And Eileen was so great. She didn’t deserve what happened to her.
“Chicken taco crescent rolls. They love them every time you make them. They
I know that’s pretty co-dependant, but it is what it is. We’ve always been each other’s greatest strength and greatest weakness. I’m a little better at locking that down, maybe, but it’s always there. I know it’s put us both in danger a hundred times, but it’s also saved us a thousand more. Hell, it’s saved the whole world, a few times. And truth be told, it will probably kill us both, in the end. But so be it. I’d honestly rather die fighting next to Dean, than die of old age with anyone else. (OK, it’d be great if we both actually made it to old age, but come on, that’s not really in the cards for the Winchesters.)
Holding up one finger, Sam takes several deep breaths. He finally pulls himself together enough to speak, and claps Dean on the shoulder. “Apparently you’re cheating on your boyfriend, Dean.”
She originally asked George Foundersson, but the dwarf said no. (Specifically, he said, “I’m 225 years old, girl. I’ll be damned if I’m getting a cartoon inked on my hide”.) So she asked Benny, and he was all for it. The burly fire chief wound up sitting on his Harley for the picture, brandishing the new Laugh-a-Lot Bear tattoo on his right bicep: a reddish-orange bear with a laughing yellow star on it’s belly. Oddly enough, it suited him.
They were a great little family. They just … fit. Claire called Dean’s brother “Uncle Sam” and babysat his kids. Dean and Cas went grocery shopping together every Friday. They had joint bank accounts. They were each other’s Power of Attorney, they were in each other’s wills, on each other’s insurance policies. They bought a little vacation cabin together. They adopted a dog together.
[photo]
“Dean, this is exactly the bullshit that got you into this situation. This is the end of the line, dude. You only have two options: You can continue the way things are now and lose Cas forever, or you can man up and tell Cas how you actually fucking feel. Convince him to get his memories back, and maybe you two can work things out. But that’s it. Pass this up and you’re never gonna get another chance.”
“Perhaps we should walk to the diner, since we’ve all been drinking.” Cas said. Jody stepped up next to him, to clap him on the back. “That is an excellent idea. Very responsible angel, you are.” She pulled both Claire and Jack to their feet, dragging them across the parking lot, with Alex, Donna, and Sam close behind. Dean sidled over to Cas, and stuck out his left hand, threading their fingers together, and they trailed after everyone else, down the road.
Cas tilts his head and looks confused before he answers, “I diced it up into little pieces”.
“OK, even if you’re right, knowing I’m queer isn’t going to magically make him fall in love with me.”
He stopped by Bobby’s garage to say hi and to check out the 1970 LS6 Chevelle that Dr. Agondray was having restored. It was a bit of a mess right now, but Dean couldn’t wait to see how she looked once Bobby was finished with her. Maybe he’d even let Dean help.
Claire:
(Like a LOT for a baby. I think. I mean, I don’t
little nose, lots of brown hair.
poor kid out of Dean’s arms.
Baby and mama are both doing great!
Later that year, he moved to Raleigh NC, and met his best friend, Kelly Klein. She was a powerhouse, a fiercely independent woman with no room for bullshit. She was an orphan who had grown up tough and self-reliant, put herself through college, and worked herself up to a position as Senior Editor at Cas’s publishing house. She also lived in Raleigh, and they formed a friendship almost immediately. Kelly was the polar opposite of Amelia, and Cas appreciated that he never needed to walk on eggshells around her. Kelly got Cas’s dry sense of humor, and loved the way his mind worked. Her practical capability fit his intellectual pragmatism like a puzzle piece. One’s strengths balanced the other’s weaknesses, and they worked well together. She adored Claire and often helped Cas care for her when he was near the end of his rope.
“Piece, honey. It’s PIECE of cake,” Abby corrected her friend, and half-raised a hand to interject. “Question – when they add the 15
“Hey, I was just wondering what we’re doing for dinner. You cooking?”
I don’t think it makes me a bad person (whatever Dean seems to believe). And it certainly makes things easier. I mean, every time she doesn’t reply to a text or a voicemail, it tears Dean apart. Every time she looks at us, he’s disappointed that he doesn’t see what he wants to see, in her eyes. But that’s really not her fault – we’re strangers to her. There’s got to be at least some disconnect between her mental image of her sons (babies) and these two, full-grown, professional monster killers. Plus, she wasn’t there for any of our lives, so how can she really relate to us as her kids? She can read Dad’s journal, and we can tell her stories, but she didn’t see it. Didn’t live it. Especially the dark parts. It’s not like we’re ever gonna sit her down and tell her all about Dean’s 40 years in Hell, or my time in the Cage, or what I did when I was soulless, or what Dean did under the Mark of Cain. She knows the basic facts, but she doesn’t know anything about what we went through, or how it affected us. She doesn’t really know us, and she can’t – not really. And I don’t think she really wants to, anyway. If I had to guess, I’d say she just wants to go back to Heaven. And I can’t blame her.
“How is it not a problem, Cas? We have a mermaid, two weres, a vampire, two half-fae, a djinn, and an aren on the team,” Charlie whined.
“Well, you can hold my hand if you get nervous.”
15 minutes later, Cas lets himself into Dean’s house, toeing off his shoes and hollering, “It’s me!”. Dean comes walking out of the kitchen to meet him, reaching for the bottle of wine and hugging Cas around one shoulder.
As Cas took the goblin’s payment for the tattoo and printed him a receipt, Charlie described the scavenger hunt and all the great things that GISH had achieved for charities over the years. The animated redhead barely paused for breath, and Carnegie actually left halfway through her spiel, shaking his head and chuckling. When she finished, Dean met Cas’s eyes over her head, with a wry expression on his face. Instead of politely bowing out, however, the angel squinted at Dean, glanced back down at Charlie and said, “I’d love to play GISH with you, Charlie. What do I need to do?”
“Shut up and hand me that lighter, bitch.” He melted a few marshmallows together, before squinting up at his brother again. “Dude, how are you doing the pictures, anyway? You and me are supposed to be dead; aren’t you worried one of these photos is gonna end up on an FBI computer somewhere?”
“You ever think about calling me Dad?” Dean asked, not looking at Claire.
Dean sees red. He clenches his jaw so hard it hurts. When he feels like there’s probably steam coming out of his ears, he plants both palms on the table and leans forward in his chair. “I JUST TOLD YOU! I’d like you to put some effort into this relationship! I’d like you to hang out with me without having to beg. I’d like to have a conversation with you, where every word out of your mouth doesn’t feel like pulling teeth!”
“Nothin,” Dean mumbles, shaking his head. “I just missed hangin’ out.”
or honey flavored frosting on the cake. That wouldn’t be too over-the-top cutesy.
“Sam, someone else is driving your car?” Cas asks, so shocked that it comes out nearly in a whisper.
Donna and Jody discuss the reality of Dean and Cas's relationship (or lack thereof).
People do all kinds of things. Vases, little chalkboard signs, arches, balloons,
“Yup.” This was their thing. Blunt, no nonsense, no chick flick moments (usually). Dean held his breath, waiting to see what Claire’s response would be.
“Shut up, Samantha! It made sense in the context of the conversation.”
This was Sam’s item, in which The Three Bears called the cops and Goldilocks got arrested. The Bears were played by Sam, Khalid, and Ryan (in borrowed bear suits from an old Halloween costume), Jess played Goldilocks, the cops were Kristina, Garth, and Zomo, and Zoe, Jenna, and Charlie played nosy neighbors.
What do you mean? Why would Dean appreciate it?
Castiel calls a family meeting - or rather, A Family Meeting. Jack offers to go pick Claire up, good little brother that he is.
“So, is Cas irritable because you got wasted last night, or did you get wasted because Cas was irritable?” Jody asks, eyebrows raised, as soon as the angel has stepped outside.
That gets a confused head tilt from Jack, who immediately reaches up to touch his nose. Dean grins. “Oh yeah, there it is! Phew!”
“Is everything OK? Is this where you tell me you’ve met a nice girl and you won’t have time to do this stuff anymore?”
“Those for me?” Cas nods. “Is that like, the Dean Winchester equivalent of flowers on a first date?” Cas smirks and raises an eyebrow but does not speak yet. Dean huffs, his neck and ears turning pink. “Soooo . . . you remember everything?” Another nod from the angel. “Aaaannd?”
“Since COLLEGE?!?”
Dean knew why. There had been one more drunken night with Cas, while he was living there, ten months after Amelia died. And this time, they were much more mature than they’d been at 19. This time, they held nothing back. They allowed all the passion, the love, the fear, all the pent-up emotions they’d always denied themselves. They talked about their feelings for each other, they made love, and then they agreed that Cas just wasn’t ready to be in love again. Not yet. So they remained best friends, aware of what they could be, what was waiting for them, and they continued on with life.
Well, sometimes the skills learned in Dean’s misspent youth can come in handy. “Cas, that doesn’t sound very safe. I can, umm . . . I’m pretty good at locks.” Dean turns to examine the door. “I mean, I lose my keys a lot, so I can probably just pick your lock and get you in. You don’t need to climb up on the r . . . “, but he trails off as he realizes Cas isn’t standing there anymore. “OK, you’re already climbing up on the roof. Super.”
someone last night?”
Everyone did more than they expected to, with the team submitting a grand total of 84 items. Their only real supernatural difficulty was, as Cas predicted, Sydney’s horns, but they only presented a problem in two cases, and the team just worked around them. In one item, she and Tobias dressed as 16
The next 30 seconds seem to take about 100 years, to Castiel. Did Dean just say? That had to be a hypothetical example, right? Dean cannot be saying he’s . . . Nope. No way. Because if Dean’s not straight, then al this time, Cas could have had a shot? College? All these family dinners? That could be REAL?
. “Dude, I’m not exactly subtle. Literally every one of our friends has commented on the way I stare at you! I cook you dinner! We’ve gone to three weddings together! I moved to Connecticut for you! How did you NOT think I was interested?!?”
Claire, Alex, and Jody nearly climbed on top of each other, trying to read over one another’s shoulders. Sam, Dean and Jack debated potential song choices back and forth, with Dean scoffing at half their suggestions, then coming up with increasingly silly ideas for what Sam should sing. “Oooh! ‘Hit Me Baby One More Time’! Sammy, it’s perfect!” he choked out, barely able to breathe over his own laughter. Sam graced Dean with Bitchface #28 ™, and said, “You laugh like you don’t know every word to ‘Oops, I Did It Again’, jerk”. Dean’s face went abruptly pink, but his only rebuttal was a mumbled, “You’re such a bitch”, as he went back to reading the song titles upside down. Donna and Cas patiently waited their turns with the book, obviously already sure of their song choices.
“What do you mean, honey? Dean left last night.”
She and Donna haven’t had much luck nailing this demonic little shit down, so they've had to call the Winchesters for help. Sam was off working a case with Eileen, but Dean and Cas came up to help right away, and they were already making much better progress. Also, it's been a few months since they’d gotten together for dinner, so it's nice to see the boys. Right now, Cas and Dean are off doing the dirty work, breaking into a house to search for clues, while Donna and Jody interview a new witness, downtown. In the truck on the way back to Jody’s house, the subject of Cas and Dean comes up, as it often does with Donna. (She’s always been kind of fascinated with the angel, and the boys are her all-time favorite couple.)
Dean stared at the top of Castiel’s head, soft, goofy smile plastered on his face. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “Sometimes, you just know.”
who I am and still loves me unconditionally. Sure, we fight and we kinda hate each other sometimes, but even at our worst, he would do absolutely anything for me. That’s something I can’t say about anyone else, not our parents, not even Cas.
Ruby was by far the most dedicated player on the team, doing even more projects than Charlie. Several items on the list played right into her sense of humor, and she staged them incredibly well. For #
Cas pressed his lips together and subtly turned his head, trying to hide his smirk. “No, just Charlie.”
brought it up.”
This was less because there was someone dressed as a pirate at the Cornucopia DMV, and more because it was TOBIAS, who was notorious for being impeccably dressed at all times. He had planned to wear a rather elaborate costume of silk and lace and gold braid, but the team unanimously agreed that he looked more like the Vampire Lestat than a pirate, and insisted he tone it down. In the end, he went with a somewhat dandified version of Captain Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean, and carried his pet cockatoo, Aziraphale.
So, Cas made his decision. If Dean couldn’t let go of his resentment, if he wanted to continue taking out his grief and rage on the one person who loved him unconditionally, then the hunter could just find another punching bag. Cas would always love The Righteous Man above all others, but if Dean couldn’t even look him in the face, what was the point? With his powers failing, Castiel knew he would likely grow weaker, more mortal, and he preferred to make that transition safely and gradually. He’d been suddenly human and homeless and hungry before, and he certainly wasn’t interested in repeating that process. If he wasn’t welcome at Dean’s side, then he would return to Heaven, and salvage what he could of his angelic family. He regretted that this meant he would likely lose Sam as well, but if anyone would understand, it was Sam. He’d reached his breaking point with Dean more than once, after all.
Donna wasn't in Crowley's betting pool, so Jody clues her in.
Three hours later, Sam comes looking for Dean and finds him in his bedroom, taping a cardboard box shut, half-empty whiskey bottle on the desk.
“Psshht, no! I’m only helping because it gets me brownie points with Cas.” He stuffed another marshmallow into his mouth, mumbling, “and free candy”.
Lunch with Cas on Friday feels a bit strained. After a few minutes, Dean can’t take the tension, and asks what’s wrong. Cas’s face crumples, just a little.
There’s a pause. Sam has asked this question ten thousand times, but it never stops him from asking again. “Do you . . . wanna talk about it?”
Everyone participated, and in the end, everyone had a blast, including the unoffical team members. These were the “innocent civilians” who got pulled in to help with various items. Gabriel was obligated, of course, and Charlie held a grudge, maintaining that he’d still owe her, even after GISH was over. In fact, Gabe, Ruby’s son Dylan, Sydney & Jenna’s son Christopher, and Dean Winchester all ended up helping with quite a few of the items. Dean huffed and rolled his eyes a lot, but Cas saw the smile on his face after they did the first item, and they all noticed that Dean seemed to be available to help over and over again after that, no matter how much he grumbled.
?” she growls.
A week later, Benny, Dean, Lee, and a few other Accounting folks go to karaoke night. On Monday, Lee doesn’t show up for work, and hasn’t posted anything on social media all weekend. That’s odd, but this wouldn’t be the first time Lee’s gone on a bender for a few days, so Dean tries not to worry about it. By Thursday, he’s still MIA, but the cops don’t seem concerned about it, so Dean puts it out of his mind. It’s not like they were close, and Lee was a bit of an asshole, anyway.
Cas catches Sam off guard, with a question he'd rather not deal with.
I’m not qualified to wield a Biblical weapon; I get that. Shit, if
Friend. OK, that stung a bit. But Dean bites his tongue and hopes his grin doesn’t look as strained as it feels.
In the morning, Cas finds Melandriel at the kitchen table with Sam. The hunter is sitting at one end of the table, the angel at the next chair down, and they’re both leaning in as they speak. Sam’s left hand is flat on the table between them, with Melandriel’s hand curled a few centimeters away, almost-but-not-quite touching Sam.
Thursday’s a nod to Cas (angel of Thursday) . . .
He shakes his head and wears his softest smile, meeting Castiel’s eyes. “There’s no girl, Cas. No guy either.” Yep, that’s shock on his face, as the implication of Dean’s words register. “And there’s nowhere I’d rather be than here, doing stuff like this, with you three.” He stares into Cas’s eyes for a heartbeat or two, before looking up at the ceiling, nonchalantly. “Well, there IS this ONE guy, but I don’t know if he’s even interested in me like that.” Dean tries to smirk as his eyes are dragged back to Castiel’s face.
He’s angry with Dean. He’s exhausted; tired of the games, sick of the years of second-guessing himself, of his hope being dashed again and again. But this time is different. This time, he has something he’s never had before: Dean’s honest, earnest intent. This time, Dean’s words match the song in his soul, and Castiel’s grace is humming with expectation. Now that he remembers, he knows that Sam and Dean were not exaggerating. He knows the Carver Edlund stories were not misinterpretations. If he were human, Castiel would call them soulmates, but there is no word for their pairing. They are wholly unique amongst all of God’s creations, and Castiel will not forfeit what is rightfully his.
Cas blushes again, rolling his eyes. “I’ve been interested all along, Dean. I just thought it was a moot point.”
“One Way or Another” – Blondie
“I find reading very relaxing. This is how I unwind.” Cas nods towards the book in his hand.
the Rotor ride, thank you), Dean feeds it to Cas in little handfuls, as they walk. He catches Cas looking at him after a few bites, and looks bemused. “What’s up? Is there cotton candy splooge on my face?”
Wincing at the volume, Cas leans over to kiss his daughter goodbye. “Have a great first day, sweetheart.”
Dean tilts his head down, pressing their foreheads together. “So, it’s probably pretty obvious by now, but, umm . . . I uhh, I’ve kinda been in love with you for years. Glad you finally caught up.”
Dean briefly explains the situation to Eileen and Sam, and excuses himself to the living room, just in time to see a Facetime call pop up on his cell phone. On the screen is a very harried-looking Castiel, hair a mess, shirt wrinkled, with a red-faced, sobbing Jack in his lap. Dean wants to hug them both.
“Well, day care and school have to be some help, right?” he offers.
Sam stuck his bottom lip out, shaking his head. “Nope. I’m gonna tie my hair back and wear a baseball cap in all the pictures. Plus, even if someone recognized me, they’d never find me. It’s not like we used our real addresses on the registration page, and Cornucopia is un-traceable. Don’t worry, I checked with Chief Themis before I signed up. We’re safe.”
brighten it up.
be fucked up? If, after all we’ve been through, all the near-apocalypses, all the deaths and resurrections and miracles . . . if the greatest hunter in the world ended up dying of heart disease?
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas grunts, carefully etching a straight black line. “No, I’m fairly sure she’s just oblivious. They’ve been friends for a long time, maybe she just assumes Zoe’s flirting is platonic affection? I have no idea.”
, since Ruby was the long-standing host of a weekly poker game.
He held his left arm out, picturing the tally marks on his blank skin. Such a simple design for such a complicated concept. His eyes shifted up to the charred heart on his chest, then over to his most recent tattoo, which was another simple design for an even more complicated concept: a crimson handprint covering the entire ball of his left shoulder. He found it hard to tear his eyes away from that one. It was an exact replica of Castiel’s physical handprint superimposed on the exact spot he’d grabbed Dean’s soul, to lift him out of Hell, 11 years earlier.
“Why the bowling alley? It’s closed down; they went out of business a couple of years ago.”
Indeed, Esther ended up helping with two other items. For
Dean Winchester is the owner of TFW Designs. He made a name for himself as an up-and-coming Structural Engineer with Host Building & Design, a major construction and design firm in Chicago, and finally started his own business a few years back. At 37, he’s already one of the most talked-about players in the Raleigh construction market. He’s very good at his job, but it also may have something to do with his good looks and flirtatious personality, which have helped get him featured in more than one industry magazine. His staff plays a big part in his success, as well, and he’s lucky to have started TFW with some very talented professionals, who also happen to be awesome people. His brother Sam (their real estate attorney), best friend Charlie (superstar Architect), Benny (senior Builder), Crowley (senior Realtor), and Lisa (Dean’s ex, and an award-winning interior designer) all joined him in Raleigh two years ago, and it’s been full steam ahead ever since.
Dean is just barely out of the bunker by the time Sam returns home, and Cas arrives only moments later. He keeps looking around the war room but clearly has no idea what he’s looking for. Cas confesses that he feels ‘off’ somehow, like there’s a piece of himself missing. He compares it to when he lost his grace, but he shrugs it off, chalking it up to a side-effect of Chuck’s abandonment. He assumes all the angels feel this now. (None of the other angels have corrected him - mostly out of pity.) Cas updates Sam on how Bobby, Mary and John are doing in the afterlife, and tells Sam about the new policies in Heaven regarding humanity, Nephilim, and living on Earth. He even suggests introducing Sam to one of the friendlier angels. “After all, Sam – you’re an exceptional human. You’re an archangel’s true vessel by lineage, your soul was purified by the Trials, and you’re a very attractive man. You even have experience raising a Nephilim. What more could an angel ask for in a mate?” Sam blushes and immediately changes the subject, asking Cas if
That seemed to be enough to mollify Melanie, and two days later, they were all eagerly waiting for the List to drop. They’d already agreed that Charlie would post a Google doc that the whole team could access, and that they’d each choose 2 or 3 items at a time, then claim more once those were complete. Everyone would post their completed items on the private Facebook page, and the team would comment with offers of help, suggestions, or approval for each item, as they went along.
Cas is excited. OK, maybe giddy, if he’s being honest. Between work and family, and that project Dean was helping his Aunt Ellen with, he hasn’t seen Dean in almost a month. But Ellen’s porch is finished, both their work schedules have finally calmed down, and he’s is going over to Dean’s place for dinner tonight.
Cas squeezes his hand in return, then lets go to run it through the hair at the back of Dean’s head. He takes Dean’s hand in his left instead, and squeezes again. Dean’s eyes are wide, staring at the ground below, and his jaw is tight, tendons corded up in his neck. “Talk to me, distract me, will ya?” he bites out.
Dean opened his eyes and crooned in Cas’s direction.
Sam looks skeptical. “Noooo, I don’t think Charlie would out you without your permission. I mean, I know you were never specifically IN the closet, but you weren’t exactly loud and proud back then. Charlie’s big on consent and confidentiality. I can’t see her telling anyone who you sleep with.”
Cas is stunned by Dean’s casual acceptance. And when Dean arrives that night, he’s stunned again by how easily he fits into their little family dynamic. He hits it off with both kids right away, playing Horsey with Jack, and letting Claire paint his nails. He brings milk and beer, and pie for dessert, and helps the kids set the table. It feels . . . comfortable . . . like he’s been here for years! Cas actually feels himself relax for the first time in months.
“Or maybe Dean’s a lousy cheater, and he’s walking all over that sweet angel’s heart. I’d wanna know, if it was me,” Donna says, in a rather dramatic stage whisper.
“Are you maybe just a little bit in love with Cas?”
Twenty.
When Cas finally fell in love, inevitably, it was with someone who respected Dean’s role in his life. Amelia genuinely liked Dean. She included him in their plans, inviting him to her sister’s house for Christmas, consulting him on plans for Cas’s birthday, and making pie for Dean’s birthday every year. When she and Castiel moved in together, Amelia insisted they get a house with a big garage, because, “where is Dean supposed to put the Impala when he’s here in bad weather?”. Amelia mothered him, and Dean, who’d lost his own mom as a toddler, loved her for it. Her affection for Dean was part of the reason Castiel fell for her in the first place.
But Sam has a point here. The only relationships Cas really knows about are Cassie and Lisa. Cas almost never goes to gay bars (or any bars, thanks to being a single dad), so he’s never run into Dean there. He’s never been to Dean’s house, so he’s never seen the photos of him and Benny at Pride, way back when. Dean’s never worn his favorite, “Do you like boys or girls? YES.” t-shirt around Cas. And he’s certainly never gotten naked with him (
“I don’t. Though He’s oddly obsessed with Dean and Sam, so He could be paying attention to me by proximity, now.”
You guys got this!
Hey do we have extra flower petals? Harmony’s eating the flowers.
“OK” Cas says calmly, nodding once. It’s not a white flag. It’s not defeat or appeasement. It’s not humble. It’s not annoyed. It’s just another blasé acknowledgement.
, they got Ildriss to help create enough snow to
Can someone tell me why Sam & Jack get to hold on to the rings? I thought Maid of Honor & Best Man were equal positions?
You do? Castiel Almost-Winchester, that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever
Cas leaned over and kissed Dean’s cheek. “That was a good song choice, Dean. Very tongue in cheek, considering your history with law enforcement.” Dean squeezed Cas’s arm and leaned in, mumbling low in his ear, “Oh, I’ll give ya tongue in cheek . . . “. Cas just rolled his eyes at his hunter, as the next singer came onstage.
“Sure, yeah. Hey Dean, are you OK?”
“Blech!” Jack complains, squirming, but he’s still smiling as he wipes his cheek with one hand. “Love you too, Dad. Bye!” he gives a little wave, and runs out of the kitchen. Dean grabs his travel mug and heads towards the mudroom, but stops short, half turning to look over his shoulder.
Cas draws more ink into his machine and scowls. “And now we aren’t.”
Or, I could be totally wrong about this whole thing. God knows I’m no expert on love or relationships. Maybe I’m imagining it. (But probably not.)
Several days later, after a lot of flirting and one or two stolen moments in the supply closet at work, Dean decides to surprise Cas. He bribes Donna in HR to get Cas’s home address, and shows up at his door with pie. He didn’t expect Cas to live above an abandoned bowling alley, but it’s quirky, and that fits the guy’s personality.
He sets a few slices of bacon in the pan, and thinks,
As Dean turns back to face the parking lot, telling himself to just leave it alone and go home, he hears a crash from the roof.
Dean scrunches up his face, trying to map Sam’s apparently random change of topics. “No? I was dating Cassie Robinson off and on for a couple of years. I hooked up here and there, but Cassie’s the only real relationship I had in school. Why?”
“Hey, YOU didn’t notice I was into you, either!”
“Dean, you flirt with everyone. It’s a primary part of your personality. You flirt with my wife!” This makes Eileen giggle.
of people. I’ve saved the
“Well – and I realize I may regret asking this, but – if Cas only ever saw you with a girlfriend, and you two haven’t kept in touch over the years . . . how does he even know you’re Bi? Have you ever mentioned it?”
*I'm thinking about writing the karaoke bar as a normal chapter, full sentences and all, but I'm not sure if that will break the mood of the texting thing I've been sticking to with this story. Thoughts? Let me know what your opinion is, please.*
Dean nodded, slurping his very hot coffee. “Yes, and yes.”
Dean chucks the now empty cotton candy pouch away, sucking the sticky sugar off his fingers, just as they reach the front of the line. When they board the car, Cas sits maybe 3” away from Dean, and tucks the arm of his I Wuv Hugs bear safely into his belt. Dean scoffs at him. “You’re really keepin’ that thing, huh?”
They make it to the bedroom, but most of their clothes wind up on the back of the couch or in the hallway. In the end, they’re down to boxers and socks by the time they hit the bed. There’s a certain amount of frantic squirming, some giggling, and a sock that goes flying across the room, and finally, they’re both naked.
Are you SURE I can’t wear my combat boots?
Tuesday night brings a text from Cas.
person to your team, is it geographical? I mean, are they gonna pick a normie who lives nearby, since the rest of your team is all in one place?”
Claire, and it’s going to be hard. You’re one of the best friends I’ve ever had, and I know it’s going to hurt you when I go. But you can’t fall apart. I know that’s not fair, but I need you to promise me. Cas has never gone through anything like this. You and me, we both lost our parents young, but he’s never lost anyone he loved. He’s not equipped for this, and he’s not gonna know how to help Claire. You will.”
While Devon had required begging, coercion, and eventual bribery to play a pet, Ryan Farnes thought the whole premise of non-humans playing GISH was hilarious, and chose items that were intentionally tongue in cheek, with Ryan always starring as The Dog. He used Ruby, Charlie, and Zoe as his human adults for
What are the chances of an angel falling in love with a human? I know Cas isn’t all that demonstrative, but this “profound bond” thing with Dean is getting ridiculous. They stare at each other All. The. Time. For no apparent reason. And not like awkward staring. This is really intense, prolonged staring. I half expect them to rush into each other’s arms, and violin music to start playing in the background! It’s not just me, either. Now that I think about it, a lot of angels (and demons, and witches, and even a few monsters) have joked about the two of them being a couple.
“You’re gonna need an engineer to draw up the plans for this, Mr. Novak. It’s definitely possible, but it’s not quite as simple as I’d hoped, with a house this age, and it might cost more than you want to spend”, he explains. He sounds apologetic, but Cas will not be dissuaded.
Hey guys, you know this devil’s trap under the front carpet isn’t complete, right?
They headed towards the table, where Donna was already popping out of her seat to hug each man in turn. Dean and Sam chuckles at her enthusiasm, each giving her a cursory hug back. Jack looked delighted, hugging Donna back with enthusiasm equal to her own, but Cas just looked startled to be included in all the hugging. After an awkward couple of moments, Dean reached out and grabbed Cas’s wrist, draping his arm around Donna’s shoulder for him, then patted his boyfriend on the shoulder. “Alright Birthday Girl, quit pawing at my angel already”, he joked. Alex and Claire and Jody were standing by then, and more hugging ensued. (Cas was marginally more comfortable with it, this time.) Eventually, they pushed two tables together, and sat down with their menus.
“What’d you make?”
“I don’t know what you want me to say.”
Dean winces. “Ooh. Yeah, ya gotta shred it. They don’t like the chunks.”
Castiel hesitated, glancing back and forth between Dean and the coffee. “Yes,” he said, flatly.
Dean waits some more, feeling more frustrated and more hopeless by the second.
of bed.”
Charlie: Of COURSE he said yes, dumbass! Which one did you use??
Dean clears his throat. No response. He waves his hand across Castiel’s field of vision. Nothing. Finally, he stretches out one leg and taps Cas’s foot with his boot. That, at least, seems to shake him from his little stupor.
Donna's birthday is in a few days, and she wants to go to a karaoke bar! Dean, Cas, and Sam happen to be on a case a few hours from Sioux Falls, so Jody texts Dean to try and convince him to go. He is . . . less than enthusiastic.
Donna snorts, sipping her Diet Coke. “Well, he doesn’t act like that with anybody else, that’s for sure. And neither does Dean. I know he’s a big, macho hunter, and he’s not the PDA type, but the guy gets honest-to-god heart eyes when that angel walks into the room. You tell me that’s not cute!”
Suggestions?
I mean, it
If I’m honest, I kinda have a thing for Jody Mills. Pretty sure it’s mutual, too. But it doesn’t matter. I can’t risk it; that wouldn’t be fair to Jody. Plus, I don’t know think I could go through all that again. I mean, statistically, she’s got a 50% chance of surviving any kind of relationship with me, at best. How fucked up is that? (no pun intended)
“What’s up, kiddo?”
Since the fair gates don’t open until noon, they play video games while Dean does his laundry. Then Dean’s brother Sam calls, so Cas jumps in the shower, to give him some privacy. When he returns to the living room, rubbing a towel through his wet hair, Dean is pouting.
When Dean speaks again, his voice is barely more than a whisper. “Cas. Please. Say something.”
The kids start popping in to say Hi to Dean whenever Cas is on the phone with him. They ask when he’s coming over again, and suddenly, Dean’s coming to family dinners once or twice a month. Cas finds himself thinking about Dean often, wondering how he got lucky enough to find this friendship again, halfway across the country and 15 years later. It occurs to him that, though they’ve talked about Charlie a few times, and he knows she works closely with Dean, neither of them have even suggested inviting Charlie to their lunches. He’s not nostalgic about Charlie. She was great, and he’d be happy to see her again, but he doesn’t miss her the way he missed Dean.
Well, what if you do navy blue, sage green, and something light, like lavender?
“Don’t be silly, Cas, you don’t need to apologize. Your kids come first.” They get up to leave, and Dean stops at the door. “Hey Cas? I know it’s a lot, but you’re doing a good job. And your kids probably think so, too.”
long enough to get two good photos.
“Sweetie, I don’t just mean in bed. Hell, at this point, we mostly use it
about all we’ve decided on. We need to figure out colors, food, flowers, all of that.
“Well, it’s usually if the item ends up breaking a law, or might put players in danger. Sometimes an item sounds like a great idea, and then someone goes to do it, and it turns out there’s a local restriction that’s actually enforced, or it would be physically dangerous to do what the item requires, or something like that.”
This one featured Tobias tied up and gagged, surrounded by teddy bears, with a ransom note taped to his shirt, demanding
Shortly after Hunter-the-pupper's adoption, Rowena checks in with Dean to say hi, and see if she can come visit the little furball.
NO. No cutesy theme stuff. I know you love bees, babe, but please no.
Dorothy: (She’s totally crying) Congrats, Dean. I knew he’d say yes!
Cas arches his eyebrows and sighs. “School certainly is, yes. But Jack’s only just started part time Day Care, and he’s not really adjusting well. I probably should have started him last year. He’s always been home with me, pretty much every day, and now that he’s four, I’ve suddenly started to worry that kindergarten will be a rough adjustment next year. Figured I’d better get him into Day Care to get used to it, but Jack’s just not happy about it. He likes the social aspect, but he misses me, and he’s not doing great with the change to his routine.”
planning to find a human mate. Cas doesn’t answer, but he looks like he’s eaten something that’s still moving.
“Yeeesss?” Cas drones, with exaggerated patience.
Cas hangs back, looking very serious.
They’ve been together for eight months, and now that the newness has worn off, and they’re past the point where they’re having sex three times a day, Dean is realizing that Cas is exactly the same as he was before they got together. Like, exactly. He doesn’t behave any differently towards Dean than he ever did (except for the sex, obviously). Maybe he smiles more, but that’s it. When Dean asked him to move into his bedroom, he wasn’t excited, or touched, or surprised, he just . . . acquiesced, as if it was any other decision. As if they’d been deciding whose car to take on a supply run. Cas has never suggested anything about their relationship, once they decided to HAVE a relationship. It’s like it was a checkbox on a list: Be Dean’s boyfriend. Check. Done. They don’t do romance, at all. (Not that Dean is looking to be swept off his feet, but he’s pretty sure there’s supposed to be SOME kind of occasional romantic gesture, here and there.) Dean is the one who always initiates sex, or even kissing. Cas never refuses him, and he seems to enjoy himself, but now that Dean’s thinking about it, Cas has never initiated sex, even once. Dean’s the one who’s asked Cas out on every date they’ve ever been on. He cooks Cas’s favorite foods, and gets him to try new ones, now that he’s semi-human and has to eat on a regular basis. He leaves Cas notes when he and Sam go out on short milk-run cases, and texts him goodnight whenever they’re apart at night. Dean certainly isn’t the candlelit dinner type, but he remembers the things that made Lisa happy when they were together, and some of the things he’s seen in chick flicks that made him smile. Loathe as he might be to admit it, Dean knows relationships – good relationships – require effort, and he loves Cas, so he’s been willing to put in the work from the start.
Garth: Officiant
D: I think it was with all that crap we searched through for the
, Cas thinks, smirking at the back of Sam’s head. “Hello, sister,” he says politely, and nods at Melandriel. “Good morning, Sam.” Sam sits up straighter at the sound of Cas’s voice, his hand sliding back a few inches as he turns toward the doorway. “Hey, Cas! Morning.” He glances back and forth between the two angels, then gets up to make another pot of coffee.
That is a risk I am willing to take, if it means I get to spend
“What’s up, guys? I thought Cas got the demon. Did something go wrong?” Sam asks, glancing between the women and the diner, where Dean and Cas are in a window booth.
Over the next week or so, Charlie continued to recruit for her GISH team, landing Tobias Abercromby (the half-fae tailor), Jess, Sam, and the veterinarian, Ryan Farnes. Ruby Perrino had also convinced her boyfriend Gabriel to play. By the time the end of July rolled around, Charlie had shifted into planning mode, and Dean had heard a
“But you’re still friends, right? You still have lunch, and text, and you’re still hanging out now and then, right?”
“I still fail to see why a fight with a belligerent friend, no matter how hurtful, would elicit such a drastic response.”
He still doesn’t turn around. “Not really, Sammy. No.”
Cas does, indeed, put the book down, his place marked with one finger. “What’s wrong, Dean?”
Charlie thrust her cell phone in his face and proclaimed, “GISH”.
There’s an unusual amount of flirting, for them. Of course, low-level flirting is kind of Dean’s default setting, so the two have always had a certain level of playful banter, but today it’s more. There are several times when one of them will drag the other by the hand, off to this game or that ride, and then conveniently forget to let go for a while. Neither of them mention this. When they get cotton candy (
Dean hates it when Cas takes off without saying anything. So, they come to a compromise - Cas will leave Dean a note if he has to leave unexpectedly.
, Esther taught Cas how to knit. Once he had it down, Cas spent an hour convincing Devon to be the cat in his photo. In the end, Devon required bribery. He was perfectly willing to wear a little knitted sweater, but the booties were almost a deal-breaker.
“Charles! Focus. What are we playing? What. Is. Gish?”
“WHY would they delete an item? That’s insane!”
Dean and Cas are in different sections of Walmart, texting back & forth. Cas wants to buy Dean some panties, and Dean freaks out.
“No he didn’t. I heard the Impala at 7am. Can he at least stay to make breakfast, next time? His French toast is way better than yours.”
“So, turns out I’m in love with Cas, and I want him back, no matter what. I’m done freakin out. How do we do this?”
Dean fails to put things back where they belong. Cas & Sam are not impressed.
There was never any question who was going to claim
Jack wipes his nose on his sleeve and rubs his fist into one eye, shaking his head. “No.”
Yessir
“Huh,” Dean huffed, plunking down in Castiel’s client chair. “Weird.”
Dean rolls his eyes when he recognizes them. “Oh for fuck’s sake, Sam! Why do we even HAVE those?” He shudders, and his fingers twitch like he wants to yank the books away, but he allows Castiel to scan through them, reading at an inhuman pace.
we remain friends only, then tell me that, and I will not
“It LOOKS like a crime scene, Cas! This is definitely
“Oooh, now I want a bacon cheeseburger,” she replies, making Castiel laugh. “OK, but what about everyday stuff? And what about sex?”
Dean experiences some psychosomatic effects, when his mom comes to stay with them at the bunker for a while.
Because here’s the thing: I think I’d be OK with it. I mean, dating women hasn’t exactly turned out so great for me, and I’m a pretty open-minded guy. And Gabe is really kind of sweet, in his own, weird way. He’s pretty damn funny. (Obnoxious, but funny.) Alright, he’s a little short, but he's taller than most of the girls I've dated, and I bet he’s amazing in bed. (Come on, thousands of years on Earth, and a dozen Cas Erotica videos?) Plus, he’s an archangel. That shit’s gotta come in handy in the bedroom, right?
“What’s that?” Cas asks, settling down across from Dean, with his own plate of food.
piece Charlie’s done for her?” Another nod.
“How do you just slide that into a normal conversation with someone you’ve known for 15 years? Hey, there’s a new season of Ozarks dropping next week. By the way, did I never mention that I’m Bi?”
Dear Diary –
Dean:
Cas stands up, gathering two empty plates and one coffee cup. (Dean refuses to relinquish his own cup.) “Wellll, how about the fair?”
“I’m sorry I kept lashing out at you, Cas. I know I’ve been a big bag of dicks lately, but I’ve been thinking about that stuff a lot, and I figure it was mostly me being scared. Well, shame too, maybe. I kinda always thought I was straight, ya know?”
Dean pointedly turns away, crossing his arms. “No, the moment’s gone. Never mind now,” he huffs, playfully. He stands up and marches past Castiel, towards the bathroom,
“So, how are things going with Sam and Jessandriel? They’re getting pretty serious, right?” Charlie asked
Thanks Gabe. I appreciate it.
Dean’s eyebrows do a little dance, scrunching down and then zipping up at the outer ends, then scrunching down again, before he yanks Cas back up to a standing position.
didn’t do it, and that’s the important part.)
Rolling his eyes, Dean huffed a laugh at his friend. “This whole thing sounds like it’s right up Jess’s alley, and if she’s in, you know Sam will tag along. Seems a little goofy for Cas, though.”
D: Jesus, Cas, not you too. Can this fight wait til we’re all home?
Dean and Cas make a wedding registry!
doesn’t make the cut as a “servant of God”, at least for the purposes of killing the Whore of Babylon, then I certainly don’t. But “abomination”?!? Is that what Heaven thinks of me? What can I possibly do to redeem myself, for something that’s not even my goddamn fault?? OK, so I let the Devil out of the cage and started Armageddon once. But that was an accident!
and jams and all these different butters and gravy. Alex talked about it for a week.
“I have no idea. She didn’t remember having a nightmare, just said she woke up and couldn’t get back to sleep. I sat up with her for two hours, the poor thing. She was exhausted this morning.”
Don’t fuck it up.
The Winchester boys pulled into the parking lot at Billy Frogs just after 8pm. It was a bit of a dive, but no worse than the thousand other bars the hunters had visited over the years. The place was half empty, so it was easy enough to spot Donna, Jody, Claire and Alex, at their table to the left of the stage.
“Dude? What’s so damn funny?” Dean asks, slapping his wheezing little brother on the back. Cas warily searches Sam’s face, concerned that he might be losing his mind again.
Marlowe and Teema both did that high-pitched, “aww” thing that he heard a lot lately. Apparently everyone who knew Cas was just delighted that he’d finally found himself a boyfriend. Dean rolled his eyes with a smile and gave Teema his coffee order.
********
A dog bar opens up in Lebanon!
“Pretty much every year, from what I’ve heard.”
After offering to help, and being assured that Cas has it covered, Dean sits in one the Adirondack chairs, and Cas returns to his cutting board to chop up artichoke hearts. They talk about the renovation, and how happy Cas is with the final result. Dean admires his bricked-in pizza oven, smoking away. “I take it we’re having pizza?”
Though Cas was bisexual and Kelly was straight, there had never been any romantic chemistry between them. At a business dinner once, a colleague wondered aloud if the friends had ever been a couple, and after a brief, incredulous look between the two, Cas and Kelly had laughed so hard they started to get dirty looks from the maître d. But after a string of bad relationships, Kelly decided to give up on romance entirely, and move forward with life on her own terms. She wanted to have a child of her own, and asked Cas to be her sperm donor. In exchange, she offered to move in, to help with Claire full-time. They planned to raise both kids together, platonically, sharing the house, the expenses, the responsibility of parenting. Since Cas couldn’t even imagine trying to date again, it seemed like a perfect arrangement. And it probably would have worked, if only Kelly hadn’t died in childbirth. Once again, Cas was all alone, this time with a 3 ½ year old and a newborn, and once again, mourning the mother of his youngest child.
Cas’s stormy blue eyes focus on Dean’s face, and he tilts his head, examining the man closely. “And what has changed since then?”
Jody shoots Donna a thoroughly unimpressed look.
“I feel like this is about to get awkward,” Castiel grumbles. “Do I really need that much detail on your sex life?”
That’s another good point. Maybe this weekend, he could . . . Dean’s phone buzzes with a text message, interrupting that thought. “It’s Cas” he announces.
to know, doesn’t he? Dean was a buffoon that whole year in college, falling all over himself to impress Cas, to make him smile, anything. It was so obvious. Wasn’t it?
Cas takes a moment to consider his answer. “No, I don’t believe so.”
Once both toddlers were re-shoed and settled back in the stroller, Marlow grabbed a paper bag and her giant steel travel cup from the counter, and turned towards the door. “OK, we’re off. Bye Dean! Bye Teema! Text me if you need me before 2pm!”
“OK, say goodbye to Daddy and we’ll hit the road.”
Cas texts Dean about doing karaoke for Donna's birthday. Dean does his best to dissuade his angel, but it's already a lost cause. Dean's doing karaoke.
In fact, I’m pretty sure it would have killed me to go through all that again. So, even when the hellhound came for Dean a year later, I was already learning to separate myself from it. I was upset, sure. I tried everything I could to get him back. But I didn’t truly process his death. I didn’t really let myself feel it 100%. Then he came back a few months later, and over the next few years, we both died and came back so many times, I think it just got easier and easier to file it away in the “temporary” category. Like a shitty situation you have to get through, or wait out, or distract yourself from, until it runs its course. Because if I ever fully processed it, really thought this was The End for Dean . . . Let’s just say I understand how Dean got when Cas died and went to the Empty. When we thought Cas was really, permanently dead, Dean was the worst I’ve ever seen him. He actually killed himself, and though it was technically for a case, I don’t think he intended to come back. And I get that, because that’s exactly how I felt after that Wednesday in Florida. If I hadn’t found Gabriel, or if he’d refused to reset the timeline and give Dean another chance . . .
Dean takes a moment to think. “Everybody’s got issues, Cas. If I waited for the perfect guy, I’d be single for the rest of my life. But being a slob is a deal-breaker. There’s no reason you can’t clean up after yourself. And dude? Severed heads and a wall of Tupperwared body parts in plain sight? That’s how you end up in prison. Do you wanna go to prison?”
After Dean carries Claire around on his shoulders for a victory lap, and everyone takes a turn in the bathroom, they all settle down in the living room with Netflix. Once the kids are fully absorbed in the pre-historic plot, Cas turns to Dean and sighs. “You realize we’re probably both going to be hobbling around like old men tomorrow, right?”
This is big. Like, life-changing, story-arc big. Someone wants to have a baby. With Cas.
think of that? Thank you, Dean. You’re amazing.”
Jody really hates demon cases. Give her a good old-fashioned monster case any day, but demons? All the malevolence of Hell, combined with the residual creativity of a former human being, and demons could be one of the worst nightmares out there. Plus, half the time, they were walking around in a corpse, and that was just nasty. Sure, sometimes you’d get lucky, as some of them were lazy, or less evil than you might expect, but on the whole, demons were a giant pain in the ass.
As evidence, Dean pulls up dozens of photos on his phone; some the three of them, a few with Bobby, or Mary, or Jack, some of just Dean and Cas, and many shots of Castiel alone. Cas looking out over a lake. Cas driving his Lincoln Continental. One taken from a distance, with Cas standing on a front porch in a cardigan, holding a woman’s hand. One of Cas in his blue vest, through the window of the Gas & Sip. Cas proudly showing off his fake FBI badge. Cas holding a giant anvil off the ground. Cas standing under a streetlight at night, next to a phone booth. Cas lying on a table in a cabin, eyes closed.
“Apology accepted, Dean.”
A quick visit to the internet confirms that yes, this is THE Dean Winchester. HIS Dean Winchester. It also confirms that Dean still looks incredible. Ahem.
Jody: That’s great news!
Sam is immediately on alert. “Dean? What happened? Is he OK?!”
The games are a great success. Dean is a good shot with a gun and with a softball, and Cas is pretty accurate with darts, so they both end up scoring baseball caps and stuffed animals in their first hour at the fair. They give most of the swag away to nearby kids, but when Dean jokingly presents Cas with the “I Wuv Hugs” bear, Cas hugs it tight, holding onto it for the rest of the night.
His confrontation with Dean had gone about as well as he expected, so he left the Bunker and returned to Heaven. He kept himself busy, working to make amends with the other angels. But still Castiel couldn’t stop thinking about Dean. Even mourning for Jack was no reprieve, since most of his memories of his son also involved Dean and Sam. He tried to distract himself with the plans for restructuring Heaven, but his mind kept returning to Dean. No matter how hurt he was, how angry at Dean’s unreasonable resentment, he had to admit that he still missed him. The other angels could sense this struggle, and he saw pity in his siblings’ faces. Eventually, he couldn’t stand it any longer. He didn’t expect to ever have happiness, but he had to find some kind of peace.
The work goes well, and a month later, Cas invites Dean over for lunch, to see the finished product. It’s a Friday in May, and perfect weather for lunch on the patio. Cas took all of Dean’s suggestions, and certainly didn’t skimp on the materials. It makes Dean wonder if he should expand his own patio set-up. He has a top of the line grill, but maybe a nice built-in wet bar, with a little prep station? He wouldn’t go all-out like Cas, of course, with the range, the pizza oven and the mini-fridge. Dean’s house is not his forever home, after all. He’s holding out for a bigger place before he really goes all-in to customize things, but not until he meets the right person, starts a family, that sort of thing. Until then, his little two-bedroom house suits him well enough, but it can’t hurt to add a little resale value.
Dean:
Twister is predictably chaotic, but Cas can’t remember the last time he’s laughed this much. Jack is too little to really reach all the colors properly, but that’s OK, because he completely ignores the rules, lunging across the mat, or climbing on top of Dean and Cas, turning them into a giggling human jungle gym. Both men are at least 6 feet tall, and as such, they should have had a clear advantage, but somehow Claire comes out as the winner. “Why did we let her take gymnastics?” cries Cas, sprawled on the Twister mat in defeat.
Dean does love biscuits.
Garth has some good news!
“Yeah, my stuffed tomatoes will do that.”
I’m delighted to announce the birth of our son,
Jody rolls her eyes fondly. “It’s not like they hold hands and skip down the sidewalk together, Donna. I mean, obviously they’re in love, but I’m pretty sure they’d both punch anyone who called them cute. They’re just … intense people. I don’t think Cas knows any other way to be. He’s like,
Jody scowls. Donna crosses her arms and glares at Sam, nostrils flaring. This only serves to push Sam further over the edge, until he’s full-on cackling. He laughs so loud that Dean and Cas notice from inside, and come out to see what’s going on.
One minute’s walk had Dean nudging open the door to Metamorphosis with his hip, grinning in anticipation. “Coffee delivery!” he called out, into the empty waiting area.
Dean looked around Billy Frogs a couple of times, and finally asked Jody, “Hey, isn’t it kinda dead for a karaoke place?”. “Oh, karaoke doesn’t start til 10pm. We figured it’d be best to get you liquored up first!” Donna broke in, waggling her eyebrows. Never one to argue for sobriety, Dean nodded his assent, and focused on the menu in his hands. After all, there was no way he was doing this sober.
“That’s weird. Wait, how’d you cut the chicken?”
Cas’s eyes grow wider, before his grin pops back up on his face. He takes Dean’s hand again, as they exit the ride. Plunking down on a bench, he stares up at him. “I didn’t need to catch up, Dean. I’ve been crazy about you since college. I just didn’t think you were interested.”
That brings the goofy grin back to it’s rightful spot on Cas’s face. He tugs at the bottom of Dean’s shirt, pulling him closer. “Yes, please.”
grade, when all the elementary school kids merged into one middle school. Dean was already popular, a bad-boy, rebel type, and Cas was the opposite: quiet, awkward, sheltered. Nevertheless, they just sort of clicked and quickly became inseparable. Cas was the only one who didn’t underestimate Dean (besides Sammy, but that was just little-brother hero worship). He made Dean feel smart, competent, worthwhile, and Cas listened like no one else Dean had ever known. He focused all his attention on you, like whatever you had to say really meant something. Like he could see your soul and it was beautiful. In Cas’s opinion, Dean was utterly amazing. He was strong, clever, and funny. He knew so many things that didn’t make sense to Cas, things you couldn’t learn in books. Like how to read people, how to make them like you, when to lie, and when to be honest. He knew about cars and movies and music. Cas was book smart, but in social situations, he always said the wrong thing at the wrong time, or failed to say anything at all. Dean was the only one who really seemed to ‘get’ his sense of humor. And Dean was so
Ruby wore a long-sleeved cotton dress, a long skirt, a head scarf, a white shawl, a white apron, and white sneakers, dug out her old Wii console, and found a copy of Dance Dance Revolution online. She was remarkably good, too!
The moment was broken by Donna clapping her hands loudly. “As the reigning Birthday Queen, I’m officially calling my karaoke party a success! Let’s blow this pop stand!” she proclaimed, rising to her feet. Everyone collected their things and made their way out the door together, then hesitated in the parking lot. Claire looked at Cas, then Dean, then Jody, then Jack. “So, are we calling it a night, now? It’s barely 1am! Come onnnnnnn . . . “, she complained, swaying from a whine to a moan. Dean eyed them all, hands jammed in his pockets, and mischief sparkling in his eyes. “Well . . . “, he huffed, “I mean, we could always go out for pie. I mean, we ARE celebrating a birthday here.”
Halfway through the little old Vietnamese lady singing “Bitch” by Meredith Brooks (which was hilarious), Dean returned to the table, just in time to meet Alex and Donna in passing. “Tag” he said, high-fiving them as they go by, “you’re it”. Donna was bright pink and couldn’t stop giggling, and Dean looked at her like she’s lost her mind. “I can’t!” she wheezed. “I never thought I’d see this song done by a 4 foot tall granny!” She slapped her own leg and snorted, desperately trying to pull it together, as Alex dragged her away. “She’s frickin adorable!” Jody snickered and caught Dean’s eye, making a motion across her own throat. “Yeah . . . “, Dean chuckled, “I think Birthday Girl is getting cut off after this drink”.
Cas is an enigma wrapped in a mystery. Dean has had a crush on him ever since he started working at the factory, six months ago. He’s sweet and helpful and absolutely gorgeous, but no one seems to know anything about him, outside of work. Lee Webb swears Cas is obsessed with him, but Lee’s a narcissistic brat who thinks everyone is obsessed with him.
Dean:
Here it is, folks: Dean and Castiel's wedding!
Sounds like a plan.
When Cas just schools his expression back to stoic, shaking his head, Dean shrugs it off and pushes on. “Thing is . . . I don’t know why I was so freaked out by the idea. Look, I know I’m not the most politically correct jackass on the planet, but I got no problem with anybody being gay. ME bein’ gay, though . . . Anyway, I’m 40 freakin’ years old. Figure it’s about time I drop the bullshit and be honest with myself, right? And honest with you.” Dean’s voice gradually becomes more hushed as his bluster fades, and he looks Castiel in the eyes again. “I put you through a lot of crap, Cas – I know that – but I can’t live with myself if I just let you disappear. You don’t know what I was like when you were in the Empty. It was . . . it was bad. I can’t go through that again, man.” Gruff voice breaking, Dean squeezes his eyes shut for a moment. When he looks at Cas again, his eyes are fierce. “I need you. And you need me! You love me, goddammit, I know you do!”
I could live with that. Like a washed out lavender, though. Not bright Barney
“Why on earth did you agree to that nonsense? You don’t usually go in for silly, goofy shit.”
plus, today’s a Thursday, so it worked out perfectly LOL!
Very brief text exchange between Cas & Claire. (She's reading the first Supernatural book by Carver Edlund, and stops to ask Cas just how legitimate the story is.)
Dean:
it must be something we both truly want. If you prefer that
LOL thank you, Sam.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Umm, is this a bad time? Do you have company or something?” he asks, dreading the answer.
Like actually, legally ordained?
In the end, Charlie and Melanie stayed in touch, and most of the team promised to play again next year. They even picked up a few more local recruits. Some were park of the team’s support network (like Dean, Esther, and Benny) and some were just bystanders who’d seen all the fun, chaotic shenanigans going on, and wanted in! Sure, there were stressful points – moments when a 3 foot pile of marshmallows caught fire and nearly melted Sam’s shoe, for instance, or when the German police got a little too curious about a bunch of weird American tourists who just appeared out of nowhere – but the joy outweighed the angst, and everyone agreed that it was a genuinely good week. They raised money for charities, they made some hilarious memories, and they had a great time, together.
: “Tennessee Whiskey” – Chris Stapleton
Within a week, Dean realizes that Cas tends to flounder with dinner on these nights, often ending up feeding the kids random leftovers or sandwiches, since he and Claire don’t make it home until 6pm. So Dean formulates a plan, and prays that Cas won’t think he’s overstepping. When he brings Jack home on Tuesday, he takes stock of Cas’s fridge and pantry, and puts in a small grocery order at the market near Cas’s house. Thursday, he grabs Jack, picks up his grocery order, and by the time Cas and Claire get home, Dean’s almost done making dinner.
: Congrats to the new moms! I love the name.
D: Yeah, it was for the TROJAN horse case, Sam
“Has she ever gotten a tattoo from you, or Meg?”
“mumblemumblemumble”
“Yeah buddy, I’m right here. You OK?”
Why am I so cursed? Not the demon-blood thing - I mean the
Sam stares, dumbfounded. “He . . . “ There’s a  long pause, while Sam peers first at Jody, then at Donna, then at the diner window. “You think . . . “ Another pause, followed by a choked giggle. And then another, louder giggle.
“I’ve only ever written him with women. We’re three books in, he’s an established character.”
Castiel Novak is the last person Dean expects to get an email from. He’s always wished they’d stayed in touch, always wondered what became of the intense, preoccupied, nerdy-hot Journalism major. He certainly didn’t expect the answer to be, “became a major author, moved to Raleigh, had two kids, and somehow ended up a single dad”. Benny had mentioned something earlier about consulting on a kitchen job on Angel Lake Drive, but when he dropped the client’s name, Dean immediately started scrolling through his inbox.
“Bye Daddy!” she says, far too loud for 7:30 in the morning, and tilts her face up for a kiss. “Love you!”
Now it was Cas’s turn to wince. “Yes, that’s true. I’m not sure the style of chicken would have made much difference last night, though. Even after dinner, they were both cranky. Claire hardly said a word, and Jack had a tantrum when he misplaced a toy. I had to read him Goodnight Moon three times before he’d go to sleep. And then Claire woke up in the middle of the night. She hasn’t done that in over a year.”
“I’ll see you pretty soon, OK Jack?”
“They ARE delicious.” Cas deadpans, before breaking into a weak grin. “Really though, Dean, I can’t thank you enough. I don’t know what got into Jack tonight. I’m so sorry to hijack your family dinner.”
“That’s awesome, Jack. Do you feel a little bit calmer now?” Slow nod and another sniffle. “I’m glad. You had me worried there, for a minute. I thought your nose might’ve fallen off or something.”
Claire wants to know what's up with Castiel, so she texts Dean.
Dear Diary –
He was born at 3:08pm today, weighs 7 lbs 8 oz.
Charlie’s jaw dropped open. “No shit, really?! OMG!” she screeched. Suddenly her hands were flapping around and she was doing that “aww” squeaky thing. “That’s amazing, Dean! Those two make the sweetest couple. Ugh. So stinkin’ cute.”
“Nope,” Charlie replied, shaking her head. “As far as I can tell, the only matching criteria is whether you’re trying to win the contest, or just playing for fun. The random normie could be in Idaho or Australia, so I doubt we’ll get anyone close enough to physically participate. Yeesh. THAT would be rough.”
When Melandriel sees that he’s made this decision, she’s delighted. As his shoulders square and his spine straightens, her smile grows broader and brighter, and Cas half-expects her to hug him.
“Dean, Dean, it’s OK. Please. It’s not what it looks like. I . . . “ he starts, but Dean doesn’t give him a chance to finish.
Charlie cuddled her hot cup and lifted one shoulder in a shrug. “She probably went over to get herself something, and just grabbed me a chai while she was there. She’s thoughtful like that.”
. . . Cas thinks.
Dean moved in again 3 months later and dropped back into their daily routine with no trouble at all. Dean and Claire had always been close, but as she grew up, Dean became the one who did her hair for picture day and dances, the one she went to for advice, and the one she called when she was afraid she’d get in trouble. By the time she was a teenager, she had inherited Cas’s signature querulous head tilt and his dry sense of humor, but her attitude was 100% Dean. She was snarky, irreverent, gleefully charming, and very direct, especially with Dean himself. Cas had long ago abandoned any ideas of his daughter being “ladylike”; it just wasn’t who Claire was. She’d always been a rugged kid and was absolutely appalled that so many people expected her to wear dresses, while so few expected her to play baseball or climb trees. As she grew older, she was even more outraged that people seemed to think this somehow made her less of a girl. By the time she was 12, Claire was vehemently strong-willed and knew her own mind, and if you dared to suggest that she cross her legs, or smile more, or be quiet, you’d better be ready for a long, well-thought-out lecture on the misogyny of etiquette and society’s subjugation of women. Cas and Dean were tremendously proud of her.
“Hang on, I have an idea!” Sam exclaims, and jumps out of his chair. He returns a few minutes later, carrying the last few Carver Edlund books.
He doesn’t handle emotions very well,
You’re so smart, sweetheart.
to come visit them.” Fair enough, Dean thought to himself. Jody belted out the first solo verse, in a clear, strong voice, then Jack took over, with a powerful tenor. They all joined in for the rest of the song, with Alex singing a gorgeous, long high note near the end. Sam was nearly bouncing in his seat with enthusiasm through the entire performance, and honestly, even Dean was impressed. But Cas, he looked genuinely moved. Dean couldn’t be entirely sure from the angle of his seat, but he was pretty sure Cas had tears in his eyes. He put a hand out to rest on Cas’s shoulder. “Hey sweetheart, you ok?” The angel turned his head a little, covering Dean’s hand with his own, nodding and smiling. “That was glorious. It reminded me of angels singing.” Dean’s eyebrows shot up at that. From anyone else, it might be a cliché, but coming from an actual Angel of the Lord, it was something else entirely.
The two of them raided the industrial kitchen at Khalid’s bakery, and decked themselves out in sieve helmets, with armor made of spring-form pans, kitchen twine, and cookie sheets. They staged an actual mock battle with rolling pin swords and pot lid shields, and made so much noise in the parking lot that they ended up with an audience. They even earned a round of applause when they finished!
Predictably, Dean jumps at the chance to see Cas again. He emails him back immediately (
Cas shakes his head.
A cute Latina girl with a pixie cut and tattoos hopped up on stage next, performing “Sing” by Ed Sheeran, and she knocked it out of the park, high-speed rap and all. The whole place jumped in to sing along with the “whoao-oh” parts of the chorus, and the woman got a solid 2 minutes of applause when she was done. Jack mouthed along to every word, and Dean wondered when the hell he’d gotten so immersed in Ed Sheeran music.
,” Madison says, grinning.
Who cares why? You need an officiant, I’m an officiant. Case closed.
Pivoting to return the hug, Dean sighs. “If I’d run away, would you have killed me too?”
“Not yet, but they’re my next stop. We’re meeting at the Bagelry for lunch, but I’ll be back by 2 for Kristina’s appointment. I’m so glad you said yes! You’re gonna have SO much fun! See you in a bit!” Charlie chirped, walking backwards toward the shop door. Just before she pushed it open, she darted a look at Dean, still on the couch, and called out, “Later, spoilsport!” before dashing out the door.
Cas crosses his arms over his chest and tilts his head. “Yup.”
Cas makes a soft, resigned sound in the back of his throat, and Dean turns back to face him.
“Shit! Cas?!? Cas, are you OK?”
Cas half-turned from his station to throw a fondly exasperated glance at Dean. “You can’t blame them for having short lifespans, Carnegie. Besides, it’s not like goblins are eternal. From my perspective, your life isn’t much longer than Dean’s.”
Cas sighs, still scowling, but attempts to explain. Though he feels some obligation to reproduce, given the limited number of angels, his experiences with dating and sex have not been . . . positive, so he’s very hesitant to pursue a woman.
“So wait,” Madison balks, “you’re telling me you don’t use your powers with Dean AT ALL?”
The apartment has an open floor plan and Dean can see most of the kitchen, from where he stands. The sink is full of dirty dishes, the trash is overflowing, and there are at least 50 full Tupperware containers stacked up in front of the breakfast bar. There’s a huge smear of something dark red across the freezer door. The bathroom door is open, and Dean can see several bloodstained towels in a heap, next to the bathtub.
That breaks Dean’s heart a little, but it’s also a bit gratifying, if he’s honest. He’s glad the kids miss him, at least, even if Cas doesn’t seem the least bit fazed.
When Amelia learned that her cancer had continued to spread, she sat Cas down and gave him the rather bleak prognosis. She was calm and pragmatic, and she explained that they needed to be practical and get on the same page, for Claire’s sake. Then she called Dean. Amelia had always treated Dean as part of their family, and she asked to speak with him alone.
Cas looks like he might cry. “I didn’t mean it! It was an accident.”
“Yeesh.”
Cas frowns at her arm. “My angelic endurance, strength, and balance all contribute to our sex life, of course. But actively using my grace for trivial things would be . . . inappropriate.”
It's Karaoke Day! Claire checks in with Cas to make sure the Winchester boys will be there as planned.
Everyone ordered food and drinks, with several extra shots ordered here and there, to make up for Castiel’s superhuman alcohol tolerance. Alex and Clair drank enough to narrowly avoid Jody’s mom-glare, and Cas’s look of constipated concern, but all the adults threw caution to the wind. After all, Donna and Jody had cleared out Sioux Falls long ago, and all the things that go bump in the night had apparently gotten the message, since there hadn’t been any worrisome reports in the city in months. Besides, Cas could always sober them all up in an instant, if necessary. Tonight was for celebrating . . . and probably embarrassing shenanigans . . . and for once, the gang was embracing the idea wholeheartedly.
Gabe: Now come on, Winchester. Have you MET my little brother?
Dean gives his sister-in-law the flattest stare he can muster. Eileen snorts, shaking her head. “OK, yeah. What was I thinking? This is YOU we’re talking about.”
Dean loves him?? Is that what the soft, gooey looks were, before dinner? The lovemaking? But they’ve done the lovemaking thing before, here and there. They’ve done it every so often for as long as they’ve been having sex. Every now and then, Dean will just be in a particular mood, that’s all. Though, now that Cas thinks about it, those moods are almost always preceded by attending a family gathering together, like a wedding, or a baby’s birthday, or Christmas, or by Dean saying something unusually sentimental. Have they actually been making love this whole time?!?
Sex with Dean is always good.
Donna got back on stage to sing Kelly Clarkson’s “What Doesn’t Kill You”, winking at the table over the decidedly unromantic, monster-related double entendre of the song. By then it was nearly midnight, and the crowd was more than a little bit lubricated, so the song turned into a sing along. It was a lot of fun, and Dean was glad he let the gang talk him into this.
“That’s what, the 3
how you ask someone nicely.”
Since when are the lady sheriffs a couple?! Does no one tell me anything, anymore?
“Psshh. I’m fine with heights attached to the ground. It’s the free-flying ones I don’t trust.”
Ryan had the most fun (and least effort) staging
“I’ve tried to get you to go to the fair almost every year since college, and you say no every single time.”
“They’re just so cute, ya know?” Donna gushes. “The way they’re always staring, and how Cas is always kinda plastered to Dean’s side? You’d think they’d lose some of that infatuation stuff after all these years, but maybe it’s an angel thing. Maybe the honeymoon lasts for like, decades, when you’re immortal. Ya think?”
Though it was a simple set-up, using one of Jess’s existing yoga classes, she didn’t actually know how to ski, so Jenna loaned her some gear.
Cas & Dean babysit little Harmony Fitzgerald, the tiniest werewolf, and Garth keeps checking in.
Donna’s (slightly bloodshot, glazed) eyes lit up, and Dean knew he’d won. “Yes! Birthday pie! There’s a 24 hour diner down the street!” she squawked. Alex shrugged, but smiled, and Jody and Jack were both nodding their heads. Sam rolled his eyes, chuckling. “You
Dean bites the bullet, and finally Talks To Cas.
“How did we get so lucky?” he says, so softly that Dean isn’t sure he’s even meant to hear it.
Damn right I do. But now I’m thinking about food. Any ideas?
“What? No, no. I just wasn’t expecting anyone and my place is a mess,” Cas hurries to explain, stepping out onto the landing and shutting the door behind him. They chat for a minute, but Cas is obviously trying to get rid of him. He makes some lame excuse and turns around to go back inside, but he’s locked himself out.
to Dean, or something. I think Sam calls it their profound bond?”
Sam was called up next, and (somewhat nervously) sang “Lovers in a Dangerous Time” by Barenaked Ladies. It was a kind of a sad song, but it suited Sam’s voice, and he sounded so heartfelt that it got Dean a little choked up, thinking about how tragic Sammy’s love life had been. When he came back to their table, Dean pulled him into an unexpected bear hug, muttering, “Ya big sap” as he squeezed. Dean tried not to pay too much attention, but it seemed like there was a little more eye contact between Sam and Jody for a few songs after that.
“Well, he’s never even spoken to you, has he?”
Charlie beamed. “You bet your sweet ass it is! One of last year’s GISH items. We’re totally playing this year!”
“About time, man. I’m happy for you guys,” he mutters, then immediately makes an excuse to leave the bunker for the night. Cas spares a second to wonder if Sam will have company, but decides he has more important things to focus on right now, and heads into the kitchen.
Can I wear lavender?
Cas feels inexplicably drawn to Dean. He can feel his grace pulling him towards the man like a tether. Nevertheless, he’s still having a hard time connecting to the things he’s been told, the things he’s read, the photos he’s seen. It’s not that he doesn’t believe the Winchesters, he just feels somewhat removed from the situation. He doesn’t remember ever feeling . . . love. Not romantic love, anyway. Could Dean (and Sam, and Melandriel, and apparently most of Heaven and Hell) be wrong about this?
A moment later the door opened, and Carnegie emerged, a t-shirt now covering his scrawny torso, and a white bandage peeking out from under the sleeve. Castiel walked behind him, but was focused on Charlie. “What kind of contest?” he asked.
He’s brought back to reality when Dean shifts, tightening his arm around Castiel. His fingers stroke through Cas’s hair, which Dean only ever does when he thinks Cas is asleep. It’s uncharacteristically sweet, and Cas loves it, so he never lets on that he’s awake. This time, the hair thing goes on for a minute or two before Dean sighs and shifts again, pressing his face against Cas’s hair. “God I love you,” he whispers, so low it’s barely audible, even in the silent room.
I’m officially starting to worry about Dean’s health. I know, what else is new? But this time, I think I have good reason. See, Cas just recently became human (again), and he’s staying at the Bunker with us. But get this: turns out Cas used to clean up Dean’s arteries, heart, liver, and kidneys, every time he healed him, to compensate for all the booze and pie and bacon cheeseburgers he drowns himself in. Cas hasn’t been able to do that since he Fell, and he was MIA for six months before that, so Dean’s not been healed in over a year. And of course, the idiot’s still eating and drinking like he’s 23, and it’s not like he ever sees a doctor, outside of a rare visit to the ER. Cas says his heart and liver weren’t in great shape when he brought Dean back after Hell, and now he’s been hitting reset on him for so long, he’s not sure how Dean’s organs will hold up on their own, anymore.
Sam’s eyebrows slowly crawl up his forehead, and there’s a stunned silence when Dean stops speaking. Then a loud laugh bursts from Sam’s mouth, and he hops out of his chair to wrap his arms around his brother. Dean squirms and tries to shove him away, mumbling about “sappy bullshit” and “Jesus, fuck off!”, but he’s got a grin on his face when Sam steps back.
“Well, now I wanna go. You don’t want to?”
Always one to go to extremes, Castiel settled on the very last thing anyone would expect . . . he went to Naomi, and he asked her to erase all his memories of Dean. To her credit, Naomi refused, ashamed of the way she had wreaked havoc with Cas’s mind in the past. But he persisted, and the third time he came to her, she finally agreed. Naomi did insist, however, that the memories of Dean be stored, not erased, so that Cas could retrieve them if he ever changed his mind.
Charlie started counting off on her fingers. “Me, Cas, Sam, Jess, Zomo, Tobias, Garth, Jenna and Sydney, Khalid, Zoe, Kristina Conrad, Ryan Farnes, and Ruby.”
Eileen’s eyes are wide and she pivots in her chair to look from Sam to Dean. “Well??” she prompts.
Charlie pursed her lips, fuming, and slapped her phone down on the table in front of her. “That was Ruby. Apparently, Gabriel forgot to sign up for GISH, and now registration’s closed, and we only have 14 people on our team. FOURTEEN, not 15.”
“No problem, Cas. What was I gonna do, go home to my empty house, and watch Dr. Sexy reruns? I’m happy to help.”
Cas still looks more distracted than concerned or annoyed, which seems rather off in this situation. “No,” he mumbles. “There’s a skylight on the roof, though. I can just climb up there and get the skylight open, probably.”
Dean: WTF Charles its 4:30 in the morning
Dorothy is a few months along in her pregnancy, and things are going well (aside from the morning sickness). Cas is chill, Charlie is chill, Dorothy is chill (except for the morning sickness). Dean is . . . less chill. He's mother-henning poor Dorothy half to death, and they're only in month 4!
This could have been a cute, silly reproduction of an island vacation, or a chance to be a movie star in an over-the-top home video. But Melanie had immediately thought of her mom, and told the team about it in a group text conversation on Day 4.
For a split second, Cas pictures that Bugs Bunny cartoon, where Bugs’ heart visibly thumps in his chest. Then he pulls himself together and steps forward, laying a kiss on the top of Dean’s head. “Me too. Now move your ass, you’re blocking the silverware drawer,” he says, hip checking Dean out of the way.
“I’ve been trying to spend time with you all day, and I can’t get two fucking words out of you.”
Dinner is fantastic, of course, and Cas tries to focus on his food, despite the increasingly lingering looks being traded back and forth. They do the dishes side by side, then sprawl on the couch to watch some TV. By the first commercial break, Dean’s arm is around Cas’s shoulders. By the second break, they’re kissing. To absolutely no one’s surprise, they miss the end of the show entirely, with Dean in Castiel’s lap, shirt off, panting and grinding against him.
and how many people we’re feeding, and I’ll make it happen.
“Carnegie, dude. A+ for dedication, but you really got a thing for the underdogs.”
“No, I mean it!” the blonde insists. “He’s not exactly a pro at the whole human interaction thing, yet. Maybe he thinks Dean was just out getting sloshed. Should we say something?”
Without turning his head, Dean says, very calmly, “You have a severed head on your coffee table, Cas.
Neither of them had noticed that the sound of Castiel’s tattoo machine had stopped several minutes earlier, so they both jumped when Cas called out, “What’s a little goofy for me?”.
Dean, Cas, and Charlie were friends in college at Northwestern, back in Illinois. Dean and Charlie were both scholarship Engineering students, while Cas’s wealthy parents paid his tuition in full (at least, until he came out to them in Senior year). They all lived on the same floor of Elder Hall, and thanks to Charlie’s outgoing (and persistent) personality, became friends in their first month on campus. Apparently, Charlie walked up to Cas in the hallway one day and informed him they were now friends. There was no vote, no lead-in, and no gradual ‘getting to know you’ period. From that day on, she invited Cas to lunch, LGBTQ campus events, dragged him out jogging, and walked into his dorm room at all hours of the day and night. A couple of weeks later, she did the same to Dean, and the two of them were swept along in the wake of Charlie Bradbury’s infectious joie de vive.
For a moment, Cas looks sheepish - but only for a moment. Then, he levels Dean with a squinty ‘youlistenhere’ look, pointing his finger in accusation.
Garth: Sweet! Congratulations, buddy!
“How what?”
“You’re . . . not freaked out by Lee? And all the blood? Dean, I killed him.”
, he thinks,
to convince you. If we are to have a romantic relationship,
Hey Cas, you know Dean’s in the kitchen eating pie, right?
“Hey handsome, thanks for getting this,” he says, grinning. “Dinner’ll be done in 10 minutes. Can you throw those beers in the fridge?”
The smug smile slid off Dean’s face, replaced by wide eyes and arched eyebrows, but before Dean could come up with a witty reply, Charlie plunked herself down beside him, bouncing in excitement.
Dean scooted forward to pull the door open, waving the little family goodbye. Back inside, he rubbed his hands together in glee as Teema set a carrier with three large coffees on the counter. Sure, he’d already had a cup at home, but Ebb & Flow’s was just better. He paid for his order and headed out the back door, calling out thanks and empty promises about boxing classes. He might actually go eventually, but if he did boxing before he finally broke down and took Jess’s yoga class, he’d never hear the end of it.
Melanie also held the most emotional role in the Hunt, choosing to complete Item
The next day, Cas and Dean meet the women for breakfast. Cas is visibly annoyed, and Dean is visibly hungover. Sam calls Cas for advice on his hunt, and the angel excuses himself to take the call.
“How would it be inappropriate?”
), so Cas has never seen the tattered Bi flag tattoo on Dean’s left hip.
Just making sure you have a nice, romantic wedding night, my dear.
“Because they can all pass for human in photos, except for Sydney, and we can work around her horns. Worst case scenario, we’ll get someone to make them invisible for a video.” Cas smirked. “Actually, I looked up a few of the GISH lists from previous years, and I think the diversity of talent on our team might be very useful. For instance, underwater photos seem to be quite popular. Jess has gills and I don’t need to breathe, so that would be easy. We’d just have to crop the photo so you couldn’t see her tail. Slice of cake!”
Cas returns to the bunker with a pecan pie and a six pack of Dean’s favorite beer. Sam grins proudly when he spots him in the map room, and unlike Melandriel, he
By 6:45, Cas is in the car, halfway to Dean’s. He calls to check in, because he’s a considerate friend (and definitely not because he hasn’t heard Dean’s voice since yesterday).
Garth asks Dean & Cas to babysit his baby (werewolf) daughter. Dean accidentally spills the beans about Dorothy & Charlie's plans to become parents.
Dean misses a gaming date with Charlie, because he's freaking out about the texts he sent to Cas last night.
“Yes, I hope that’s OK. I’m making one with artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and onions, and one with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms and banana peppers. Would you like either of those? If not, I can make you another one.”
“Why do you want everybody’s dryer lint, Charlie? That’s pretty odd, even for you,” he asked at lunch one day. “Wait, don’t tell me . . . this has something to do with GISH?” Charlie’s grin was all the confirmation he needed, and he was quick to cut her off before she launched into an explanation. “Nope, don’t care. You can have the dryer lint. I don’t wanna know.”
Donna was called onstage next, and sang “Ex’s and Oh’s” by Elle King. She started a bit shaky, obviously nervous, but Jody and Sam and Claire hooted and hollered, cheering her on, and by the second verse, Donna was strutting around the little stage and winking at the audience. Cas didn’t understand why she was acting so provocatively, until Dean leaned over and whispered a few brief explanations for the lyrics’ innuendo. After that, Cas laughed and wolf-whistled at Donna with everyone else.
[photo]
Rowena: Ohhhh that’s lovely, Dean! Lang may yer lum reek!
“Maybe.”
He pulls away and drives to the end of the block before he pulls over. His nose is already running, eyes watering, as he digs his phone out to text Cas.
love him, and you love Claire. I know you and Cas have always been there for each other, but this time I need you to be there for Cas
Then you’d still have blue and green, but the lighter green and the lavender would
“Dude! Guess what we’re doing!?”
He glances over at Cas, but he’s facing the other way.
Cas stares at Dean, eyebrows raised, mouth slightly agape. (
After several hours (OK, maybe 8 seconds), Cas’s confusion turns to caution. “Are you sure? I thought . . . “
What colors were you guys considering?
Castiel Novak is “James Milton”, an author with a successful book series under his belt, which he recently sold the movie rights to. Unfortunately, that’s about all he feels he’s got nailed down in life. He’s a single father of two: Claire (7) and Jack (4). His kids are his entire world, and Cas adores them, but he knows they’ve been shortchanged in life. They deserve better than an overwhelmed, stressed-out, lonely dad, with no friends or family. But he’s all they’ve got, and he’s doing his best.
That broke Dean’s heart, but Amelia was right and he knew it. So Dean moved into their house in May, helping more and more with the house and with Claire, as Amelia got weaker and weaker. She passed away at the end of June, and Dean stayed. Cas did his best, but his wife’s death absolutely broke him. Amelia had known her husband well; Cas just wasn’t prepared for the impact of her death, and it took almost a year of therapy before he was really even OK again. For most of that year, Dean took care of the house, he cooked, he drove Claire to doctor’s appointments, grief counseling, and school. He met her friends’ parents and drove her to sleepovers. He talked to Claire about her mom, about Cas, and about the death of his own mom. He held Castiel while he cried and yelled and reminisced. He bought flowers for Amelia’s grave on her birthday, and once or twice, he went to Cas’s therapy appointments with him.
Dean was the best man in their wedding, of course, and when Amelia got pregnant, there was no question who they’d ask to be godfather to their little girl. Dean already had two nephews by Sam and he loved them to pieces, but baby Claire had him wrapped around her finger from the day she was born. Dean babysat, he played dress-up and had tea parties, he let Claire paint his nails, he taught her how to play baseball, and how to swim.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” He expects Cas to laugh at him, but he just looks . . . fond. Like Dean’s done something adorable.
Cas had a hell of a crush on Dean back then, but Dean was straight, so he kept his mouth shut about it and they remained just friends. After graduation, Cas lost touch with all his college friends, but he does occasionally stalk Dean on social media. He’s never been bold enough to contact him, but once every couple of years, he’ll look him up on Facebook and stare wistfully at his public photos. He hasn’t been on Facebook in quite a while, however, so he hasn’t seen the flood of pictures Dean’s posted in the last 22 months, announcing the launch of TFW, promoting his magazine articles, or celebrating his most ambitious and high-profile projects.
There’s another ten seconds of deafening quiet. Dean starts out staring at Castiel’s face, stunned, but his eyes soon lose focus and drift down, until he’s looking at the antique wood planks of the library floor. His shoulders sag, centimeter by centimeter. He sniffs, and his nose suddenly sounds stuffy. Dean nods slowly.
The day after GISH registration closed, Charlie, Castiel, and Abby were sitting around the tattoo shop, waiting for their next appointments, when Charlie got a text. She frowned at her cell phone and typed a quick reply. As her colleagues watched, Charlie’s eyes bugged out of her head and her ears turned a rather vivid shade of pink, her thumbs flying across the face of her phone.
Dorothy: Crap, now I’m crying too. You guys are adorable.
Cas lays the tattoo machine on his table and folds his gloved hands in his lap. “Your meaning?”
He blushed and bit his lip, trying to swallow his grin. “OK then. Sounds good.” And they went back to watching Dr. Sexy misdiagnose his patients, though neither of them were really paying the show any attention now.
Claire being a responsible teenager (well, mostly).
“But, when are you gonna help Daddy again? I want stuffed ‘matoes.”
Finally, he blurts out, “But we should have been”. Then quieter, “Except I had my head so far up my ass, I was the only one who didn’t see that.”
Cas’s exceptionally good mood continues, inevitably rubbing off on Dean. They drive out to the fairgrounds, and Dean doesn’t even complain about having to park his beloved Impala in a field. They eat a bunch of carnival food, then decide to make a circuit of the games, hoping to walk off the corn dogs, churros, and fried dough before they risk getting on any rides.
Gage Thursday Bradbury.
Dean’s grin returned immediately. “Oh yeah? That was awfully nice of her. Zoe getting another tattoo?” When Charlie closed her eyes, sipping her chai, Dean winked at Cas.
Sam scoffs at the expression on Castiel’s face. “Hey,
no bueno.
The process was nowhere near as painful as his previous sessions with Naomi had been. She was gentle, careful, and delicate in her task this time. Castiel emerged with a workable timeline of the past 12 years, minus several particularly important details. He still recalled much of his history with the Winchesters, for instance, but only Sam, Bobby, and Mary. He didn’t recall saving Dean from Hell, nor any interaction with him since then. In fact, he didn’t even realize Sam had a brother, aside from Adam. Cas thought his connection to the Winchesters originated purely in Sam’s destiny as Lucifer’s true vessel, which Cas betrayed Heaven to prevent, once he and Sam became friends. He believed Sam was the one who taught him about free will, and that he himself killed Dick Roman, and was then flung into Purgatory alone. His memory said that Sam raised Jack on his own while Cas was in the Empty. He recalled fighting the other Earth’s Michael, but believed that Michael kept the same vessel until Jack killed him. All of his memories of Dean were either purged entirely, or replaced with someone else (usually Sam).
Dean has come to a decision. Maybe. Probably. He needs to consult with Charlie on whether or not he's crazy, and if not, what comes next.
A couple of songs later, the MC called out, “Alex, Jody, Jack, and Claire”, and the four of them jumped up, rushing to the stage. They squeezed together in the small space, wrapping their arms around each other. As soon as the music began, Sam’s eyes lit up and he grinned ear to ear. It sounded vaguely familiar, and something nagged at Dean from the back of his brain. “Is this from Rent?” he groaned, and Sam nodded eagerly. Sam
It's been 3 days since It Happened. Three long, loud, traumatizing days . . at least for Sam. Dean & Cas are officially A Thing, and Sam is texting Eileen with an update / cry for help / SOS. (Cas & Dean would text, but their hands are otherwise engaged right now.)
“I, ummm. I’ll definitely keep that in mind.”
Technically, he could have done it alone (with Ildriss’s help to make the storm), but what fun would that be? So, he built a huge fort with every pillow, cushion, blanket, sheet, and spare curtain he owned, strung up some Christmas lights, took his photo, then invited over the coolest toddlers he knew (and their grown-ups). Robbie & Rose Collins, Eli Clooney, Ewen, Tuesday Kuraci, and September Juno spent a good hour squealing and giggling and clambering around the blanket compound, while the adults took pictures and drank hot chocolate.
Being the vet had its privileges; they used the biggest guest kennel at the Zootique, and found a dog crate large enough for Kristina to squeeze into. While Sam and Kristina cleared out the space and set up the shot, Ryan went from kennel to kennel, playing with the residents and checking on a few patients. When everything was ready, he and Kristina had an actual staring contest. (Ryan won, but it was a close call.)
Dean’s dinners become tradition, and Cas finds himself eagerly looking forward to Tuesdays and Thursdays. It feels like family, a real family, for the first time in years. If only Dean didn’t go home afterwards. It’s been so long since Cas had someone to actually go to bed with, he hardly remembers the feeling. Oh, he’s had sex a few times since Amelia died, but only hookups and one night stands here and there. He doesn’t have time for dating, and though he’d loved Kelly tremendously, there was never going to be anything physical there.
Dean grimaces, head leaning towards one shoulder. “No.” Cas and Sam both sit still, waiting for Dean to continue. He glances at his brother, then Cas, then the floor. Cas. The floor. Sam. The floor.
Sam wants to know why Dean is still in bed at 2pm, and for once, Dean tells him the truth: he's hiding.
Some of Charlie’s items were absolutely hilarious. Never one to shy away from the bold or audacious, she tended to pick the more eccentric projects (which is saying something, in the context of GISH).
That last one apparently hit home. Charlie stopped sticking her tongue out at him and looked a little taken aback. “Oh. Shit, I didn’t think of that. Well, you could still do things where your face isn’t in the picture, right?” At Dean’s scowl, she heaved a sigh. “Fine, you don’t have to be on the team. But you’re totally helping! That’s not a request.”
“I absolutely do not. Besides, I already told Jack I’d be there. Wouldn’t wanna disappoint my new little buddy, would I? What time do you want me, and what can I bring?”
wrap Cas up in a hug.
Charlie also recruited Benny for help with
Castiel puts a new pair of gloves on, shaves her arm and carefully lays the stencil down. As he begins the tattoo, Madison gets a mischievous look in her eyes, and smirks, a dimple appearing in her cheek. “Zoe got another tattoo, I see?” Cas nods.
“I know, and I’m sure you’re gonna kick it’s butt,” Dean replies, hoisting the five year old up to plant a kiss on his little face. “Be good, I love you.”
“You and I have always had an understanding, Dean. You’re a part of Castiel and I love you, because I love him. Because
********
“How hospitable are we talkin’ here, Deano?” Donna asks, oh-so-casually.
There’s a bitter laugh as Dean shakes his head. “Nah. I tried that already. Didn’t help at all. Thanks though.”
Like what?
The angel appears to be even more confused by the books’ depiction. “You and I were romantically involved?” he asks Dean, squinting.
Dean grunts, sitting at the table and slumping over his coffee cup. Cas dishes out the eggs, bacon, and toast, and slides the plate in front of Dean, pausing to smooth the man’s hair back from his forehead. Dean slurps his coffee, but after a moment, his eyes focus a bit.
I will completely deny saying this if you ever bring it up again, but I want you to know I’m very proud of you and Feathers. That was a lovely ceremony. You two make a great couple, and I suspect you’ll have a long and happy marriage. You did well, Dean.
“DEEEEAAAAN! Where are you? I can’t be late on the first day of school!”
“Is that bikini made of . . . bananas?” he asked, and reached out to the phone’s screen to scroll down.
Whenever he tries to ask Cas if he’s happy, he says yes. Literally, that’s it. “Yes”. It’s a flat, declarative statement, with a very definite period at the end, and Dean has no idea how to push the discussion forward after that.
Cas just shrugs again. Dean squeezes Sam’s shoulder and smirks. “Uhh, surprise?”
There’s no reply from Cas. Not a word, not a flinch, not an apologetic expression. Not even a dismissive shrug. He’s a goddamn statue.
Madison smirks again. “You don’t say.”
Cas called me an “abomination” today. I know he’s not great with tact and sensitivity and all that, but Jesus fucking Christ! That whole demon blood / boy-king of Hell thing really messed me up, but that was a long time ago. I’m a good person! I’ve saved
Cas nods, pouting.
Jack: Cas's best man
Did you wonder where Sam went, in the middle of Dean's confession? He had to tell Eileen the big news, of course!
said to me.
did it. The two of them have been sabotaging these moments for ages. God, how could they both be so damn stupid?
Claire is pretty sure she has some big news about Jody and Donna, and she can't wait to share her speculations with Cas.
“I’m sorry, I had no idea he was going to do that. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot like that. I’m sure you have better things to do with your Friday night than have dinner with two little kids.”
Dean splutters, indignant, but before he can get a word out, Sam just gets up and leaves the room.
By the time they start to discuss more recent events, Cas believes that Dean is who they say he is, but he doesn’t understand why he would choose to erase his own memory. Dean clams up, while Sam tries to tactfully explain why he thinks Cas did what he did. Apparently, he’s a little too tactful.
He tries asking Cas about things he enjoys, and then suggests they do them, but Cas never seems to want to. Gardening? OK, Dean can get behind that. He buys some seeds and brings the subject up, but Castiel doesn’t think the soil on the hill over the bunker gets enough natural sunlight to bother. Talking to animals? The animal shelter in town allows visitors, and they have lots of cats – Cas likes cats. Dean can take some Benadryl and suck it up for an hour or two. But when he suggests it, Cas thinks it would be depressing, since all the cats are basically incarcerated and quite unhappy as a result.
“You’re probably right. I don’t understand it! Zoe’s pretty good at flirting, I’ve seen her do it. And Charlie’s certainly not stupid. How is she missing this?” Madison pauses, then her voice drops an octave. “Wait. You don’t think Charlie KNOWS Zoe likes her, and she’s just pretending not to notice because she’s not interested, do you?”
Dibs on a sage green bridesmaid dress!
“Hey, creepy’s never stopped me before,” he jokes.
“I AM holding your hand,” Dean grins, swinging their arms together, like little kids.
“Well, you’ve certainly made an impression with him.”
“Any time you feel like playing house?? Is THAT the kind of shit you pulled in college, Dean? Jesus, you’re lucky he even still talks to you, creepo!”
One day in early February, Dean gets a particularly stressed out text from Cas. Claire recently started gymnastics classes, and Cas is now quite sure it’s going to kill him. The classes start 30 minutes after Jack gets out of daycare, but they’re clear across town, so he has to pick the kids up, and then stay at the gym for an hour, entertaining Jack until Claire’s class ends. Then they hit rush hour traffic on the way home. “I should be able to make this work. I am well aware that many parents juggle this crap with a full time job, but I honestly don’t know how they manage it.”
Setting Claire down on the island and the grocery bags on the countertop, Dean lays out his proposal: They play Twister, then watch Ice Age 2, then Dean will make stuffed tomatoes for dinner. Cas’s face goes a little pale at the suggestion of Twister, but by the time Dean finishes speaking, the kids are jumping around in excitement, and Cas is staring at him with a look of affectionate awe.
Claire races down the hall to find Cas and Jack in the kitchen, loading the dishwasher. Cas arches an eyebrow at her, as she skids to a stop.
, Dean thinks, as he drives back to his office. Dean loves kids. He practically raised his little brother after his mom died, and the hardest part of his breakup with Lisa had been leaving her son, Ben. But he knows Castiel has no relationship with his family, and there’s clearly no spouse in the current picture. Dean can’t imagine how hard it must be for Cas, raising two kids all alone, even working from home.
Castiel tries not to react to Dean’s assertion, but his face must betray some of his skepticism, because Dean stops, sidetracked. “What!? What’s with the eyebrow?”
) “That . . . makes a lot of sense. It would certainly explain the sudden insomnia. Shit, why didn’t
Century courtiers, with Sydney’s hair done up in a huge, elaborate Elizabethan style that completely concealed her horns, for
Charlie squeaked, jumping up to hug Cas around the neck. Without letting go, she twisted to look back over her shoulder at Dean, sticking her tongue out once again. Dean gaped at them, speechless, as Charlie pulled her phone out and texted a link to Castiel, then walked him through the registration process.
Over the next few weeks, Dean and Cas keep in touch about the kitchen plans. When Benny and his crew start work, Dean even makes a point of stopping by to personally walk Benny through his schematics for the wall. OK, so maybe that visit didn’t need to take an hour, but he and Cas got to talking. So sue him.
Castiel got called to the stage next, and Claire let out a quiet “yaaaay!” when she heard the opening notes to Leonard Cohen’s “I’m Your Man”. She was right, of course – Castiel’s deep, gravelly voice was perfect for the song. He stood in his suit, holding the microphone, swaying slightly, but otherwise stock still, and tilted his head down, so he was looking out from under his eyelashes. It was weirdly sexy, with his serious, intense expression, and it was clearly doing things to several ladies in the bar. But Cas’s eyes didn’t linger over anyone for more than a couple of seconds, until they reached Dean. Then, Cas stared, lifting his chin to look directly at him, growling out the words to the song.
D: Thanks honey
Pinned in place by Cas’s attention, Dean blinks once, twice. He looks uncharacteristically helpless. “You wiped me out of your life, Cas. I wouldn’t admit how I felt, ‘cause I was afraid I’d fuck things up and lose you, but then I lost you anyway.”
They’d closed down the studio for that session, to guarantee privacy, and Dean had been grateful for that. The tattoo had hurt terribly and been intensely erotic
candles, birdcages. Do you have a theme?
, Dean thought.
Wedding planning via group text.
like a real couple. Maybe not a couple who does a lot of PDA, but they talk or text every day, they have keys to each other’s homes, they go out together, cook for each other, attend family events together. They even sleep over (which is frankly one of Cas’s favorite things in the world). He loves falling asleep with Dean and waking up with him . . . even if he does snore, and is a grouchy bastard before his first cup of coffee. Cas was in Dean’s little brother’s wedding, and Dean was in Anna’s. Their friend groups merged long ago. Dean’s mother insists that Cas call her “Mom”. (Dean does NOT call Cas’s mother “Mom”, because Mara is a huge flirt, as is Dean, and it’s already weird enough, with the two of them in the same room.) Hell, they’ve even gone on vacation together a few times.
“They really do. And I happen to know that Jess is extremely happy with him. I have no doubt she’ll accept Sam’s proposal, whenever he offers it,” Cas muttered, inking the last vertical line on Dean’s forearm.
Wait – ARE they a couple?! There’s no way I could have missed that. Right? Nah. Dean’s still out there chasing tail at every bar and diner we stop at. He would never do that to Castiel, if they were together. My brother’s a jerk, but he’s not a total asshole. And Cas would never stand for that crap, anyway.
The angel looks sad for a moment, but recovers quickly, and reaches out to cover Castiel’s hand with her own. “I know you’ve had a lot of conflict with Heaven over the years, but the days of Zachariah and Rafael are over. Those of us who are left are embracing free will, compassion, compromise. We’re remembering what love is. This is a new world we’re living in, and you saw it before any of us, Castiel. Plus,” she says, suddenly looking a bit bashful, “I’ve always kind of been rooting for you and Dean”.
and pitching ideas to Cassie. (You’re welcome)
OK! What the fuck, dude?! Who lives like this???”
The most obvious item on the list was
“Hey Jack, can you do something for me, kiddo? Can you take a deep breath with me?” Dean takes an exaggerated breath, and Jack half-heartedly copies him. “Good job, sweetheart. Thank you. Can we do another one?” This time, Jack is more focused, takes a deeper breath, and breathes normally after the exhale. “One more?” Jack matches Dean’s deep breath perfectly, and he’s meeting Dean’s eyes on the screen. Cas makes eye contact over Jack’s head and gives Dean a tiny, weary smile.
After that, they both sort of fall into the habit of texting each other periodically, throughout the week. They reminisce about college days, vent about work, and share funny moments. Cas talks about his kids a lot, but it’s mostly adorable stories, or hilarious #parentingFails, or something they’ve done that he’s really proud of. Cas is clearly stressed and overtaxed, but he doesn’t complain so much as worry out loud.
Nodding, Maddie’s face breaks into a grin. “Also extremely useful for sex.”
There were several more, but the most elaborate item Ruby set up was
cut Lee’s head off and plopped it down on your coffee table? Come on, Cas! You’re 29 years old! Take some responsibility for yourself. This place is filthy!”
“No you’re not! This is the third time I’ve brought this up since we’ve been together. And every time, you apologize, but NOTHING changes. Do you really hate spending time with me? I know I’m just a dumb human, but Jesus fucking Christ!”
Scrolling back up a bit, Dean tried to read the text at the top of the page, but Charlie kept jerking the phone around, gibbering about “items” and “lists” and “charity”. Chasing the jumping text with his eyes started to make Dean a little nauseated, so he tried a different approach. He grabbed Charlie’s forearm and held her still.
ready. It took him a while to recognize it in himself. At first, Cas was snippy and sarcastic whenever Dean went on a date with anyone, which was quite unlike him. He sat closer on the couch when they watched movies with Claire. He stared. (OK, he’d always stared a bit, but now he STARED.) Eventually he realized exactly what had changed, and one night, after Claire’s 8
“OK, so where’s the issue?”
D: Yeah, yeah. Sorry, Mom.
So, apparently the world wants Cas to have that puppy. Dah-da-DAH! Gabriel to the rescue!
“OK first, your puppy dog eyes could use some work. Get Sam to give you some pointers. Second, my idea of fun involves a lot less vegetables and a lot more nudity. Third, I’m supposed to be dead, remember? I can’t post photos of me eating a pepper sandwich with my feet at the Post Office.”
Pointing a finger at him, the redhead nodded. “Right. Yes. GISH is the Greatest International Scavenger Hunt the World Has Ever Seen. It’s a HUGE game played for charity; there’s teams all over the world! There’s like, 200 things on the list, and you pick a bunch of them to do. You get points for each one, and the team that gets the most points wins a trip somewhere, but that’s really not the point.”
This time, Jack giggles. “My nose didn’t fall off, silly!”
So, when Amelia was diagnosed with cancer, Dean volunteered to start picking 5-year-old Claire up from school, so Amelia could rest after her radiation and chemo appointments. He tried to keep Claire occupied with trips to the playground, Build-A-Bear, mini-golf, and anything else he could think of, but by the time her 6
Suddenly, Cas’s phone rings, and he looks a little alarmed at the caller ID.
“No, of course I want to. I love the fair! Fried food, cotton candy, rides, shooting games, cute little 4H kids, pie contests! What’s not to love?”
Cas sits there, placid as always, blank expression painted on his face.
’s severed head. That’s disgusting.”
They hit their first snag midway through Day 2.
Technically, he’s the King of Hell. He’s cool, though (mostly). I promise there’s nothing to worry about. Besides, we have 4 angels, a golem, and a dozen hunters here. And his mom. We’re fine.
“What are you so perky for? It’s ass o’clock in the morning,” Dean grumbles.
Jess, always up for anything outrageous, had a few exceptionally funny submission photos. With the help of Zoe and Sam (and Dean’s precious Impala), she set up
Dean is right, of course. Castiel spent thousands of years as a military strategist. He makes measured, informed decisions, and now that he has new information, it’s only logical to re-evaluate his path. Ultimately, he and Melandriel return to Heaven to get his memories back. It’s a simple process, but he leaves Naomi’s office overwhelmed and disoriented, his memory of the last dozen years rearranging itself to accommodate a new main character. THE main character. The Righteous Man. The love of Castiel’s long, long life. The asshole who repeatedly broke Castiel’s heart, who kept refusing to see the truth. The stubborn idiot who never once spoke up to stop Cas from leaving, even though his soul screamed for Cas to stay.
Did you know the Supernatural fangirls talk about this shit in the chat rooms online? They call my dick the Peen of Death! WTF?!?! That’s not funny!
Charlie dragged over one of the extra chairs as Cas began prepping his station. “Ya think? I don’t think she really knows what Cas drinks, though. I mean, they’re not that close. I don’t think she meant to exclude you or anything on purpose, Cas.”
It's the middle of the night, and Dean needs answers. Who else would he text, but Sam?
Dean’s eyebrows were creeping up his forehead as Charlie talked. “Obviously you’re pretty psyched about this, but uhh . . . it really doesn’t sound like my kinda thing, kiddo.” He shook his head a little, looking slightly apologetic as his friend deflated.
“Well, get off your ass and do it then. I will if you will.” She still didn’t face him, but Dean saw her smirk as she looked at him from the corner of her eye.
“I start kindergarten today!” The kid’s grin could not be any bigger, and Dean can’t help but smile back.
A few weeks later. Sam vents to Eileen about Dean's behavior since Cas got on Grindr.
Sorry dude.
“So how do you know he’s even paying attention?”
They settle in at the bunker and the boys tell the angel, piece by piece, where Dean fits in to their shared history. Mostly they take turns describing the events of the last decade or so, in chronological order, with Cas stopping them to ask questions or offer the version his memory has supplied.
and the guys in navy suits?
Dean was shell-shocked. Of course, he’s always found the angel’s speaking voice sexy as hell, but he’s never heard Cas sing. Didn’t even know Cas COULD sing. Now he was sitting in this bar, slack-jawed and half hard, from one damn song! The meaning behind this particular song, especially for Dean and Castiel, was not lost on him, but he could only process so much at one time, and he’d be damned if he was going to burst into tears at Billy fucking Frogs. His eyes refocused as Cas walked back to their table, amidst a flurry of hugs and congratulatory slaps on the back. He yanked Cas down onto his lap, held his face in his hands, and kissed the angel, hard. “You’re amazing, you know that?” he asked, pulling back to look Cas in the eyes. Castiel just smiled that slow, sly smile; the one that’s only ever for Dean.
