"He's not my patient, either," John says, and then takes a breath. "I do know that. And I know I oughtn't to—to provide care to him in any very direct way, but I—"
"Christ, Sherlock." He sighs, presses up to kiss his cheek. "It's nothing to thank me for, not backing you into a corner that makes you climb the walls just so I can spend eight hours drooling on you in my sleep—"
"You know what I mean." She rubs her thumb along the stem of her glass. Still watching. "So—too quiet, then."
"—by your balls—what sort of equilibrium's that, then?" John asks. "The sort of permanent teetering clenched-arse grip on the last shreds of your sanity, or..."
"Um." Sherlock inhales, steady. "Yes, but getting. Higher."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I ought to've got something else for this," Sherlock murmurs, and then buries his stubble-rough face in John's arse.
"You're not who?" John asks, lifting his eyebrows. "Long Ben Avery?"
"Or if it's what, John?" George asks.
him: here, now, here; he wants to open all the pores in both of them, for certainty to seep between. He wants Sherlock to be able to measure him in something other than things given and things owed. He wants to stop making Sherlock afraid.
"Really," Sherlock says, flat.
"Yes," Sherlock agrees, and then, because he's a bastard, "for
," Sherlock gasps, hips jerking—two hands, John pins him down. Face burning up.
Petting. Different, that: John licks his own dry bottom lip. His alien body, in stockings: he's keyed up and turned on, cock soft; wanting, and exhausted, and eager and—
"You don't," Sherlock says, between kisses, "really mean that."
John inhales. After a moment, he says, "We didn't really chat," with complete honesty. What had got burned into him was the look of her, more than anything else: an upright, elderly woman; clearly from her face, heavily lined, something not too far off eighty: far older than her still half-bright hair might've suggested otherwise. She'd been, John thought, a bit on the old side to have a son of Sherlock's age, really; but that thought had come later. In the moment he'd noted that she was very tall, and almost skeletally thin, with an air of absolute mastery and a rigid, uncompromising stare. John had thought her very like Mycroft, in most ways—but with Sherlock's agonizing light eyes.
"Can I keep going?" Sherlock asks, very quietly, and rolls his hips, only just.
He sounds tired. The gulf between them, John thinks, touching all over: even so. Even so.
Sherlock hums, petting. "You know what that sounds like," he asks. That little warm corner of a smile, lurking at the edges of his mouth.
Sherlock says, "I mean—"
The violin slides down, singing. A sequence of little pirouettes, on the way back up. Stops. Does it all over again, more quickly.
"I'm going to keep touching you," John says. Soft as he can. "Do you want me to jerk you off?"
John shifts. "Like—like being rough with me."
Sherlock hesitates, only just. "One of my grandmother's," he says, then; and then turns, meeting John's eyes. "A postgraduate, before you ask. He was twenty-six. I was seventeen."
, I mean—
"Sherlock," John says, tongue thick.
, I enjoy having sex with him, of
John sets his book aside, standing. He washes his cup and sets it on the draining board and then goes back into the living room towards Sherlock's chair where Sherlock is sitting with his fingers pressed together before his mouth and watching John with a sharp, ravenous expression and John can't, he can't
as well, but my term started up again a couple weeks ago, so posts are liable to be slower in coming from now on. However,
John takes a breath.
"Maybe," he concedes.
"Do you know what I mean," John says, not quite a question. He doesn't know what he'll do if Sherlock says no; but Sherlock nods, so John nods, too.
"Thanks." John rubs his face, then curves his torso for an instant close around him, face tucked near the outside of Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock smells like expensive wool and the chemicals from the dry cleaners and, faintly, underneath, the unwashed-hair-and-cotton smell of sleep, a sharp hint of his sweat. John breathes in deep, then uncoils himself, stretches out under the duvet. The bed is still warm from their bodies. Sherlock's got up again, padding down the stairs in his socks: John wants to go back to sleep.
; "to feel some kind of—
John rolls up to sitting. He's suddenly acutely aware of the wreck of Sherlock's bedroom: he feels vaguely guilty, then angry about it, then embarrassed. He rubs at his face and staggers up to his feet, looking about the wreckage of sheets and pillows and duvet for his pajama bottoms, which he finds half-under the foot of the bed.
"If they weren't I'd want you to touch me," Sherlock says, hushed and warm. Between their mouths air barely moving.
"You have plans?" John asks, panting.
, as turning away, Sherlock nods. The back of his bent neck feels smooth, John knows. Tastes of salt.
," giggling, helpless, as Sherlock digs his fingers into John's ribs, merciless, "entire—stacks of A4 folders, piling up on his desk,
." Sherlock's smile pressed close. "Three out of ten?" Pressing in: three. "Three point five?"
"No one—
He shakes his head, smiling. "I think we've discovered the flaw in this plan," he observes.
"Yeah," he says, and then slides his arm around Sherlock's shoulders, loose and easy. Sherlock is still drinking his tea.
"Sherlock," John says, quiet.
," Sherlock groans.
's chipper today."
that? How am I supposed to—to've had him—so open I felt like I could touch every millimeter of him on Saturday and then not—not be allowed  to—to even fucking—"
"God." Unsteady, barely. Sherlock says, "I could fill you right up, couldn't I? And you'd just beg for it."
"Yeah." He swallows, thirsty, but his water is—he picks up Sherlock's instead. "Fine," he says, and drains it.
"No," Sherlock admits, "but I'll buy you a curry after."
Unlocking John can feel the breath flowing out of his lungs. Petting, careful. He lingers, a little, this time: he can feel Sherlock's muscles working under his skin. "Like this?" John asks, soft. Rough hair, soft soft skin. At the top of his chest Sherlock makes a wordless animal noise, all the muscles in his back going tight-tight-tight, and "Oh—," John gasps, face stinging, "I won't, shh, it's all right, I won't," his fingers slipping safe to the hot soft skin of Sherlock's inner thighs.
know."
—don't, I—" while Sherlock is saying, "I could—finger you, or get—" and John twists up under Sherlock's blanketing weight to press his mouth to Sherlock's feeling starved with loneliness already except for Sherlock's hot heavy weight against him breath against him held still against him while Sherlock moans and kisses him, hot and wet and starving gasping with John shaking-drowning with his hand—in Sherlock's thick hair—
"And if you lose?" Sherlock asks.
—" John's tongue—
"Yeah," Sherlock says, at last.
er John sli i   i i   i    i  d es cock pulsing-spilling heart his heart his heart m
John hums. "Got you out of the house, though."
John laughs, kicks his trousers off. "I'd find all that scorn more convincing if you hadn't sounded like you'd spent the last half hour with it shoved down your throat, you know." He's half-hard already, gives himself a tug or two, just showing off. Sherlock is staring at him, hands stilled; the weight of his open trousers tugging his little black pants down his bony hips, his erection obvious at the "V" of the zip. A bright-mottled flush creeping up to his cheeks. John grabs himself at the base, angles his cock out. "You want
"You what?" John laughs, amazed.
The door to their living room is open. John can hear Sherlock thumping around in the kitchen, still, so he hangs up his jacket and sets the pastry bag on the coffee table, settling down with his laptop on the sofa. "Brought you back a snack," he calls, and Sherlock swirls out immediately, in dressing gown and safety goggles. John clears his throat, but—well, that ship has well and truly sailed, hasn't it. John just holds up the open bag, and Sherlock bends down to examine its contents. Remarkably enough, he looks fairly interested, so his experiments must be losing some of their luster.
"I know," says Sherlock, and sighs.
"Try," John says, with some difficulty, "now": and with a high hot little whine Sherlock rocks up into him and John's vision floods with a sharp, metallic-yellow smell. Breathing in in in and then out, while Sherlock underneath him shivers fucking—
"I, I'll tell you if." Sherlock shifts, restless. Pushing up into their cupped and overlapping hands. "Please": voice sounding from the deep-reverberant bowl at the base of his belly. Sliding down the sofa, thighs apart.
Sherlock hasn't showered—not in the past few hours, certainly; possibly not since last night, and close down by his groin the sharp-rounded smell of his body fills John's mouth, prickles his eyes. John kisses the silky-smooth sheath of his foreskin, low down; waits for Sherlock to say, "Seven," quiet and steady, before moving up. Presses his closed mouth to the head of Sherlock's erection while stretched out above him Sherlock sucks down a sharp breath of air: "Eight," and John can taste him, nearly, already, on the back of his tongue. He licks out, just catches—
'Shut' is, he notes, a marked overstatement. Indecent, really.
," Sherlock says, all surprise; and John starts laughing again, pulls away. The door sticks, a bit, when he jostles it open to check the water: good enough. He steps in, tugging Sherlock in after, and Sherlock shuts them in with the water warm on John's right and the left prickling up in bare air. "It helped," Sherlock adds, "that I'm allergic to hops."
John rubs at his jaw. "Yeah. In—in a lot of different ways." He takes a breath. "And I—he's so—he
Sherlock suggests, "You weren't thinking about me, when you slept with Vic"; and John, unsteady, laughs.
and John—pushing his tongue against-into the slit, filled up with the heft of him wanting—more tasting tasting-tasting the salt-welling smear of Sherlock—dragging him off whispering, "I want, I need, I need you, John, I need to
"Parsley," Sherlock says, after a moment. "In the fridge. Still needs to be washed, but—but then you can just—you can just—tear it up."
Flushing. All over. Creeping up from his collar and flooding his cheeks: even his long hands look pink. "But that's not," Sherlock says, very precisely, "what I said."
and then said
"Breathe," Sherlock murmurs, "breathe for me"; and John breathes. Breathes.
"Going to be thinking about me?" he asks.
"I did everything the wrong way," John says, soft.
"Go ahead," John says. Quiet. "I'll say yes." Sherlock swallows, doesn't answer. "You," John explains, "you'll say yes too."
It seems to take a moment for Sherlock to nod.
"Yeah?" John says. His hand. Sliding down to tuck under Sherlock's long thigh. Curling, drawing him up.
, you know. You can't possibly think I'd find anything between you shocking," Mrs. Hudson, very gently. "Not after all these years."
He suspects that a week ago he might've kept silent. Just kissed him, maybe; perhaps just pressed his skin to Sherlock's skin. He isn't certain. He is beginning to worry that he might've been cruel. He wonders a bit how he could truly know, but not very hard. Probably not as long as he ought. Sherlock is breathing against his jaw, silent and close, and John's hands have come up to rest on the sides of Sherlock's face, and they kiss. John's weight is shifting onto his feet: a tectonic adjustment in their center of gravity. Sherlock's hands come up to his hips. John steers him back into his shadowed bedroom skirting Sherlock's wardrobe, his long mirror, over to his huge white bed. Sherlock sits down at the edge. With his knees bumped in between John's knees Sherlock looks up at him with a cracked-wide expression: painful to look at, his pond-and-sky eyes. John touches the edge of his mouth, which is flushed from John's mouth, his cheeks, the soft-padded lobes of his ears, and John—John wants—he wants—his fingers fall down to the divot of Sherlock's collarbones. Sherlock's heart beats back, his hands sliding feather-light up the backs of John's legs.
"Then what?" Sherlock asks, soft. Kisses his shin.
—" and then—whines, grabbing for—just an instant at John's hand thumbing over the head—squeezed-released arms trembling held-hovering not touching while John exhales on the seam of his jaw. He can feel Sherlock's blood pounding in him all over. The beating bird-throb of his heart.
to—er.") and stops pacing (stumbles, a bit) and pauses mid-gesture only to push his shoulders back, his head up, turn back and start pacing again, away from John; tossing, "like she'd just found out there was some sort of time limit on infecting him with herpes, or—I'd better," back over his shoulder, and then striding off into his bedroom with the back of his neck reddening above the collar of his coat.
"Did it go out your nose?" he asks; and Sherlock says, "
"Oh," Sherlock says, thick.
"You've already gone for the duvet," Sherlock says, quiet.
"Mmm, no." Sherlock rubs his stubbly mouth up the side of John's throat. "Sleeping."
Sherlock nods: just once. "Sometimes," he says, finally, and then rubs at his face. "Sometimes I—I'd like to, maybe. Just—think about it, or." He sighs. "Yes,
"You could," John says. "You could do anything—well, leave my mouth be, I'd be worried I'd be startled into biting down—"
getting a leg over," says Sherlock, "when I'd've gnawed my own arm off that summer to—"
Sherlock says, "I'm trying," very quietly.
Floating open.
he twists it and thunderclap: John's lungs. Shocking lightning all through him up and down his insides while John gasps into his own shoulder arm braced taut on the headboard and then Sherlock twists the toy in micrometers that make its irregular weight scrape and hollow him out while Sherlock tenderly licks him all over, sodden with lube and saliva so wet John thinks Sherlock probably could just pull him back down and fuck him a little more and then
John thinks:
"Yeah," John says, flat.
Mycroft sighs; and John exhales. Pieces clicking into place. At the time that Sherlock had emailed Greg and John that photo he had been possessed of a set of investigative intentions that have, almost certainly, one way or another since been frustrated, starting with the moment he walked out of the flat and left John behind him, compounded, possibly, by Ramya Gupta's absence from Kensington: but before that, starting from the very beginning, ever since Sherlock had left the flat, he has very carefully stayed clear of the not-quite-all-seeing eyes of London's abundant CCTV. There is a behavior, and then another: they occurred together; so John can't just pay attention to one. After the shipping container, after Bart's, after November, John finds that he
Sherlock hums. John's throat feels tight. Sherlock is still rock-hard against him and John—John hasn't had—seven-eighths of a blowjob and couple of fingers up him and he still wants— "Silicone," Sherlock says, finally. Burring against John's mouth.
, John notes, with a hot, possessive flush, pulling John
"If you move right now," Sherlock says, unsteady; and so John says, "Won't."
John swallows. Steadies his breathing: inhale, exhale.
"—begging for—yeah, a robot," John would step back but "when everything I'm doing—I thought you'd
"That," John says, "is not going to make either of us smell less like hours of savage fucking."
"I'm not at all impressed by the part in these proceedings where you find it necessary to get dressed," Sherlock observes.
"Can you hold me down," John says, unsteady. "Can you do it hard, can you—" and then stops, inhaling, when Sherlock rolls them both over onto John's belly, pillow pushing up against the left half of his face.
"I want you to," Sherlock says, hushed. "I want—I want you to feel me up all over, I want—I want—
, you bastard—
, just. Wait."
"Come on, Marianne." Under the table, John kicks his feet out. "You know what they'd do." Feeling—antsy. Confined.
John touches it, gentle. Sherlock licks: John breathes. The shivery-wet press of his tongue.
"No, I mean." John laughs, a little. He rests his elbows on his knees, leaning forward, and says, "You said that—that orgasms, that masturbation was distracting, right? Took up time, and I..."
so John had lain down under the covers and they had kissed, and kissed, and kissed. Sherlock hums: draws his fingers along the ridge of John's erection:
"Ah—John," Nat says, fast.
Ava MacAuley. Emil Kvieczinski. Ruby Bridgewater. The silence of his drawer is weirdly distracting. His ten o'clock runs over and his ten forty-five turns up twenty-one minutes late.
to. He needs to—to trust Sherlock with every atom of the him that is begging Sherlock to trust
"Who do you think," Sherlock says, flat. "Donovan has had some sort of tediously cattish wager with Jacobs ever since April, and me coming in looking like a rejected extra from a horror film put me square in her sights."
"I ought to've warned you," says Sherlock; and John frowns at him.
Sherlock doesn't answer right away. "No," he says, finally, and John nods. Kneels back up, looking out the sweat-shining expanse of him, lying still; and then, upon reflection, John crawls back down toward Sherlock's upturned feet. Pets his thumb up one finely-wrinkled sole, and Sherlock stretches, ribs lifting as he inhales.
"And then," Sherlock says.
John swallows. "Yeah," he says.
The silence feels strange. "They are a bit... silly, in some ways," John warns Sherlock. Beside the door he bends down to grab Sherlock's slumped bag, pass it over. "You only got the best bits," John explains. "I was rather careful, framing my shots."
"Not that little," Sherlock breathes. "Five."
Quiet. Between them, Sherlock watching—and John wants—wants to bare—to be bare, to—his pulse is too hard; it makes his hands shake. He pulls his pajama shirt off over his head with four buttons still buttoned and shoves at the bottoms, down to his knees—kicked off—
"When you get upset," John persists; and Sherlock stills. John shifts. "Last night," he explains. "You got—you were. Distressed."
John's mouth is wet: he swallows. "Twelve," he says.
They kiss.
And Vic.
": and blinking desperate John pushes up onto his knees fumbling for the lube while Sherlock twists his arm back for John's drawer eeling up to kiss him not looking,
it, it's—it's ripping," he manages, "my guts out of me."
"I could get you wetter," Sherlock says, still with that huge sun-wide bright smile. "I'd like to get you wetter."
"What—"
When he looks up again Sherlock has slid up to perch on the edge of the coffee table opposite him. Hands loose on his knees. Tired-eyed.
for you."
In the dark. He could go back to sleep, probably. It's early. Sherlock's bed is soft and warm and it's early but the sheets smells like his sweat, like their sweat; and the bubble blooming under his ribs and his eyelids suspends John in seawater, waiting: utterly still. Behind the wall he hears the taps run, and then again, and then a long, taut sort of a silence, and somewhere beneath the tide of affection John feels a pang of amusement, not unsympathetic, for every time
Smiling Sherlock's cheeks plump. "Oxfordshire," he corrects. "But otherwise: yeah, not far off, really."
John's brain whispering over and over and over
It's quieter, John thinks, than it's been the past few weeks. He's got work, of course, but with the hols and London hotter than it ought to be... not, John thinks, the most vigorous of days, much of anywhere. The morning slips by smooth and lazy. He a slightly smaller-than-usual set of... what was it? diseased supplicants, that Sherlock called them? and in between, most of another cup of tea; or a chat with Natalie and Rhoda, who—mostly Nat—are planning a bit of a dinner on Friday for Rhoda's birthday. It's... nice, really, to be able to breathe, here and there. At lunch he even has long enough to buy a cheese sandwich at the Tesco Express and eat it on a bench in the bit of park on Broadly Street, watching a couple in their twenties court, elaborately, to the audience provided by the girl's overweight bulldog, who is eyeing them dispassionately from a little pool of shade, most of his six-foot-lead away. John takes a picture and sends it to Sherlock without comment.
"Gatwick," Sherlock says. "And then traffic." John watches, fascinated, as his throat works: swallowing, one-two, one-two. "Rhoda," he says, very formally, "happy birthday."
of Sherlock, just out of sight: John is painfully, excruciatingly aware of him, but not by any sign that John can identify.
"I know—Thai, tonight." Sherlock turns his face, sighs into the duvet. "I was going to get you Thai."
, John thinks.
He settles on, "They're not Dutch, they're American," finally. Pulling—pulling in. He tucks his mobile under his cheek to flip open his laptop and open up Google—ha—like he expects to come up with anything useful when he types in
"Good morning," he says, quiet. "Can I touch you?"
, ought to say:
, cock heavy in his boxers as he is wondering, half-deliriously, if anything has, in fact, changed; or if five years ago when he'd accidentally done something clever if Sherlock'd deigned to praise him for it, if even then, even all that time ago, all that it would've taken was those last three little words:
"I didn't think it was," John says; he hesitates, then, but Sherlock doesn't respond. "I thought—I did think all that was—important, maybe, for a while, with Lily," John says. "But."
Sherlock looks up at him, mouth oddly quirked. "I got knocked over by a bicyclist."
"Yeah," John says, thick. Thinking: slippery. Thinking: thick.
Beside him, Sherlock nods. Turns John's plate in the towel in his hands; and John asks, "Did you like wearing it with me?"
It feels heavy, him looking. Heavier, somehow, than the whole of his body blanketing John's body naked face-down in the bed, hot; hot John's skin where he touches those eyes like the
"I think you're not the first person to notice that," he says; and Sherlock nuzzles up just enough to kiss the edge of his cheek.
: still burnt into his retinas. Shivering its way down his spine. Alone in his office he braces his palms on his desk top. They feel strange:
John knows better than to push. He keeps quiet. He touches Sherlock's shoulders and neck, pets at the long strip of torso bared by Sherlock's open shirt, lets Sherlock lie next to him closed-off and quiet but still with his arm around John's waist, their knees still tucked together. After a while John must fall asleep, which isn't intentional but doesn't—when he comes slowly blinking awake some time later—particularly surprise him: the afternoon is warm, and the bed is comfortable. Sherlock's not next to him anymore; that doesn't particularly surprise John, either. He can hear the violin in the living room, not loud: something graceful and precise, nothing John recognizes. Sherlock keeps stopping and going back and replaying small sections several times: slowing them down, speeding them up, slowing them down. Other than that John can't tell the difference. John rubs the sleep out of his eyes and rolls up to sitting. Winces. He'd forgotten, almost.
If you care, there is a teeny-weeny meta note about that blink-and-you'll-miss-it character crossover in these last few sections
Mycroft pauses. "I must confess, that isn't at all how I thought this conversation would open," he says; and it takes John a moment, to remember what he'd actually said.
"Still thinking that I can't keep it going," John says, rough, "for longer than six and a half minutes?"
"Yeah?" Sherlock whispers.
"What about the hotel?"
He stops. Swallowing. Shakes his head.
"You'd take your bra off," Sherlock whispers, "your—blue bra": and Christ, John's heart.
, and—and think about—"
John nods. "So that's," he says. "Enough time, yeah? To sleep?"
"No, rubbish, actually," John says, breathless.
John nods. "Under the covers?"
Sherlock murmurs, "Who said anything about getting rid of you?"
"S'by my chair," John says; and Sherlock says, "Oh!" going redder; and John hooks his heel around the back of Sherlock's right hip.
John nods. It's enough, he is thinking. It ought to be enough.
"I'm not really thinking anything in particular," John admits, and then reaches up to tug the pillow down. Tuck it under the top of his head. "But I think you know that I'd like to know," he says. "If you want to tell me."
the opportunity to take my feet out from under me—" so John ducks in, quick, and does so.
might be able to multitask for this but I—can't, so come here, come up here, Sherlock," as he is pulling Sherlock up to standing: red-faced wet-mouthed, a little wobbly. Dark-eyed: Christ. "Come here," John says; and Sherlock says, "Where here?"; and John says, "Just, c'mere, sit," and tugs Sherlock down onto his knee, unsteady, sliding an arm in around Sherlock's waist; and Sherlock.
," and John sighs all his air streaming out as he—wants—and
Under his hand Sherlock is still. His face—
When John next goes to rinse the blade, Sherlock says, "All right."
Oh, and one AO3-only note: I've disabled anon commenting because of a troll; if you were using anon commenting because you haven't been able to get an AO3 account yet but you were behaving yourself, I apologize. My
"We could roll about on my bed in the sunshine," John offers: unspooling out from all his new space. "For hours." They kiss. In his stockings John's toes curl in towards the bottoms of his feet. "We could touch each other as much as we want," he explains, "as long as we want. As—as much as we want, go as far as we want. We wouldn't have to stop for—for anything."
"You're not," he says quietly, "making it easier to get out of bed."
"You mean," John says, trying for light, "except for how you died and I had a nervous breakdown and then screwed your best friend, or—"
Breath released: John gasps. Startled out of him he swallows. Breathed in. Breathed out.
"Subject to the vagaries of Sainsbury's sandwiches," George says; and John huffs.
After a moment, Sherlock presses his face down into John's shoulder. Smiling, John thinks, despite himself.
Bending Sherlock rests his cheek against John's temple.
"Then—it's good," John asks; and Sherlock exhales. Nods. Kissing: jaw—cheek—mouth—
Sherlock tightens his arms around him. Burrowed, John breathes.
"Yes, that's—I just want to..." Sherlock sighs, hot on his skin. "You feel lovely."
," gasps Sherlock. Breathless. Thick.
something—"
Sherlock doesn't answer, at first. For a long moment John is wondering if he ought to—to kiss him, to distract him; to offer him—breakfast, or a blowjob, or a cup of tea—and then Sherlock says, "It was idiotic, mostly"; and exhaling, John nods. Says nothing. He rests his hand, stroking-light, on Sherlock's bare ribs.
"All right," John says, at last; and across from him Sherlock inhales. Head up. Shoulders back. "I mean—yes, you're right, I can't help—"
"You were going to put your fingers up me," Sherlock says, after another moment; and John swallows the hot-prickling tide in his throat.
"You planned this?" Heels up on the ottoman, just at Sherlock's back, while Sherlock gives him his patented
"He's sending Chloe with me," Sherlock says.
"I don't want to spar with Chambal," Sherlock replies, with rather more belligerence, John thinks, than is really entirely necessary, and John spreads his hands.
"Christ." John tips his head back against the sofa cushions. "
: John swallows, and swallows.
"You could," Sherlock says, after a moment, and then stops. Silent, while John manages to—to straighten up. To take two tight, painful sips of tea. It should—it ought to settle him, oughtn't it? A warm cuppa, the familiarity of it, the weight of it in his hands— "You could fuck me," Sherlock says, in that taut, scraped tone of voice and John has to turn, barely fumbling his cup onto the edge of the table before his vision splotches entirely swimmingly away.
Half-turning his head John asks, "Do
—afraid.
"When I said six and a half minutes," Sherlock says, "I meant of you actually masturbating, not all this—please, don't misunderstand me, extremely tender and moving—romantic foreplay."
"I want to," Sherlock whispers; and then makes a noise: a gasp, nearly. His face is reddening.
"God," Sherlock mumbles. Sighs.
John licks his bottom lip. "It was fine, really."
Sherlock's heavy warm arm. "I know." Around John's body: key and lock.
"I hate you," Sherlock says, later.
"I didn't know, either," John says, very quietly. "How much you would make new."
He lets go of John's foot. Turns, looking for—his mobile, miles away, by John's chair.
John sits back on the bench. "You're such a prick."
"Actually," John says.
"Yeah." John resettles his forearms on the table. "He was the same way, you know—he was at Barts with us, swore up and down his feet grew three sizes his first year."
—and pinned him moving-moaning squirming in John hands and relentless starving throat Sherlock would—would soak—spreading, drench—all—over, all over John's tongue and lips and teeth and his bare burning—
John nods. Sherlock is flushing again, pink creeping up his face and his throat like water darkening a sponge. "I just wanted to be sure that—that you know that I—," John says; and Sherlock says, "I know"; and helpless John brushes his knuckles against Sherlock's warm pink cheek.
"Found it on the floor downstairs," John says, in perfect honesty, "wasn't opened"; but then—he hesitates. Forward, he thinks: through darkness, blind.
"Hello," John murmurs, later.
A friend. Right. His forger friend, John remembers, lived in Amsterdam. Eva. He wonders, a little cattishly, what she had to say about Raj; and then immediately feels terrible for thinking it. He clears his throat. "And you—turned them in?" It comes out uncertain—more uncertain than he is, really, he thinks. "To the police?"
Sherlock hums, shifting around, half crushing John, almost; his bare legs rubbing John's pajama bottoms up John's calves.
that John'd heard twice at least before Sherlock had successfully shouted him into turning it off.
"Unless you want your hands to smell of garlic for a week," Sherlock says, "yes."
"I mean." John touches the hot foreign feeling of Sherlock's hand still imprinted onto his mouth. "I mean—I mean, I know you don't let yourself come but you also said you touch yourself, yeah?"
"No," Sherlock says, quiet. "It's just. A lot."
Second, I’ve decided to target posting every other Sunday on this, for now. I think I can find enough time to make that deadline consistently--the drawback is that it does mean that sometimes chapterlets will be done early and will need to chillax for a while in Scrivener before they go out. The upside is that if I feel like I’ve committed to that I’m more likely to make the time I need to make to make it happen, and it’s not inconceivable that I may eventually hit a point where I have enough stuff ready to go that I can bump my posting frequency up. (Though, to do that I would need a few chapterlets’ buffer, and it definitely won’t happen for a while--I basically won’t do it until I have posts ready to go for howevermany posting days would remain, post-frequency increase, in my semester, so I don’t set myself up to get into trouble in the busiest part of my term.)
Sherlock squeezes his thigh.
"I watch you all the time," Sherlock says. His voice is rough: his wide, wide-open bottomless green eyes. "You—you lick your mouth, and—and your shoulders are so—and your eyes"; and that crack inside him shifting open shifting wider John exhales, propping himself up on an elbow, looking down.
"I never meant to leave it so long," John says; and then Sherlock says, too fast, "It doesn't matter—it didn't matter, I wouldn't—," and then is quiet, shifting about awkwardly in his seat. Mrs. Hudson shoots John another worried look. John passes her the Hobnobs, because he doesn't know what to say.
"You said," Sherlock says, "'but'." The hair on his back has been in the past translucently fair, but John can't see to confirm, just now. "Before," Sherlock adds. "I don't need to apologize. But."
Sherlock is sliding his knee up behind him. Brings his right hand up. "You're going to...?" he prompts, quiet.
Sherlock wets the dishtowel before tossing it over—with warm water, even, which John honestly didn't expect. John mops at himself as best he can, then fastens everything back up: the jeans were already a lost cause, and John'd rather not wander about the stairwell with his limp dick hanging out. At least the laptop was out of the flood zone, so it's all right.
They kiss.
He asks, "Stop?"
Sherlock pads across the landing. Alone John surveys the mess of his room: Christ, his dildo rolled the entire length of the dusty space under the bed—he'll have to boil it—and the stockings, and the knickers; the tangled filthy heap of the duvet; the bedside table anointed with a mostly-empty glass of water and the lamp with its shade knocked askew and the lube, half of it spilt into a puddle, leaking over the edge to drip onto the floor. John scrubs a palm over his hair and then unfastens his suspenders, stripping in record time. He puts on clean boxers, then goes downstairs to wash his hands in the kitchen sink. The rain is loud, down here: all the windows still open from earlier, to let out the heat. He closes them, and wipes off a tea towel over the water puddling at their base, then goes into Sherlock's room—still a disaster—was that only days ago?—for black shorts black trousers white shirt, his everyday uniform; and then John heads back upstairs.
Behind him, silence.
, as slow, he opens his mouth against Sherlock's in a long, slow, wet kiss.
John feels unsteady. "Yeah, I am." Belligerent, somehow.
, he replies.
; and
"I think you've got the dreadful taste to masturbate with mediocre water-based lube," Sherlock interrupts, "entirely inexcusable—unless of course you were fucking yourself with something silicone in your armchair, in which case, Super Slik's rubbish but by all means tell me more," and John's back thumps against the back of the door.
and then he'd said,
his job that he drags himself through a shower and a poorly brewed cup of coffee, no matter how he feels. Then he lumbers down to the surgery to drink four cups of tea; listen to Natalie exclaim about her weekend; try not to reflect upon the bizarrely electric cognitive dissonance of shoving Sherlock's head down while accompanied by a Scotland Yard detective and being shot at by criminals; and exchange an infected eyebrow piercing for Rhoda's third case of the clap in a week, this one in the throat of an extremely embarrassed sixteen-year-old called Julian: John doesn't much envy the pupils at Southbank Westminster, all undoubtedly due for uncomfortable chats with their parents this week. John sends the boy on his way with a prescription for antibiotics and a lecture on condom use about which John can be bothered to feel only marginally hypocritical, then buzzes for Natalie to send the next one in.
"Sherlock," John repeats; and Sherlock straighten, inhaling, and pulls his face up until he can look John in the eye.
Sherlock hooks his chin over John's shoulder, nose to the sheets. "But not
Slowly breathing.
"I don't have a fucking machine," Sherlock says, finally.
Sherlock lies still against him. "Yeah," he says after a minute, and then pulls his face back. "I do."
"Like this?" John asks. Stroking.
John stops, rubs at his face.
Sherlock's throat: up-down. Up-down. "I," he says, and then stops. Uncertainly he says, "Yeah," halfway to a question; and John huffs, quiet. Leaning in.
, and then: John says, "didn't you, sir."
can't, I can't feel like this and make love to you and still have so much of you not—not
Sherlock makes a hazy, inarticulate sound; lifts a hand: flopped, side to side. John bends to kiss his back, and with some apparent difficulty Sherlock raises his head. He twists: turning towards him to kiss John across his shoulder. Hot-faced. Helpless John's arm slides about Sherlock's middle, dipping under the water, and all at once Sherlock slumps back against him: startled John inhales, but it turns out that even dissolved into something roughly the consistency of a decent tomato soup, Sherlock's too graceful to hit John in the nuts by
John swallows. His throat hurts. His chest. Sherlock slips his long hand into John's boxers and strokes him, and John responds, cringing, but—but he
"What if I want you to kiss me?" John asks, quiet. Sherlock's cracked open face. "Because I want you to kiss me," John explains; and Sherlock makes a soft hot sound and presses against him, open-mouthed.
—and Sherlock breathes out against him, humid;
After a moment, Sherlock's gaze drops. Lands somewhere around John's left nipple, John thinks; and sighs. "I am, sometimes," John admits. Rubbing his thumb over Sherlock's cheek. "It's not like I sat up nights thinking about how badly I wanted you to—to cane me, or." He touches Sherlock's mouth. "Or make love to me, even," John says, very quietly, "in my bed."
John nods, even though Sherlock's not facing him. "All right."
It makes John feel strange. Protective, somehow, of Sherlock; of all his queer Sherlockian ways. "I didn't understand," John says, weirdly desperate. "I didn't know what you'd want." He half wishes he'd lied. "I didn't—I thought, all I knew was you'd be in control and I thought maybe you'd want to—to do something really—weird, or—"
"So the entire way to Leeds," Ben says, "Vaughan is reading every paper on this poor lad's CV, with two different colors of highlighter, sputtering every time he comes across something he considers to be reductive or inaccurate, and then on the Monday he's sat down in the
you," John says. "I want—I just want you to get what you want."
: but not, John thinks, in anything like a useful capacity.
John tries not to fidget, in their extremely uncomfortable hired car.
Sherlock so close John hears him swallow.
, fuck, John—rub me, I want—" and then moans, long-unsteady arching under John's body while John tongues at the soft subtle curve of his breast wanting—bare skin, nosing—into the cup while Sherlock gasps, "Oh—John—" as John rubs the wetness at the peak of him lower into his knickers and then pulls off to pant, "You're getting—wet, you're so—wet for me, yeah?" and whimpering Sherlock pulls John's chin up to kiss him, hot-wet and unsteady, fucking up against the wet-smeared drag of John's fist.
"I wanted to stay there." It sounds rough. It
"Do you not believe me?" John asks.
"I like your legs," John says, explaining; and Sherlock counters, "You like all of me"; "True," John agrees, "but right now," explaining, explaining, "I am particularly liking your legs."
"Yes," Sherlock says, quiet.
him, with that same searing ravenous expression that burns through John's clothes and John's skin like an IED through paper: "Very well done," Sherlock says, low and hot; and John swallows. He is grabbing the edge of the table, he finds, until the edge cuts into his hand, sharp and implacable and hard:
"Of hurting him," George says; and John scrapes a palm across his cheek.
"Stay on this cock as long as I let you," Sherlock muffled, said into John's bones, "and then if you need more you'll stay here spread on your knees while you let me get my other one."
John shivers, helpless, only just tilting his head—and Sherlock sighs, soft, and drops his head down, pressing the whole of his face to John's throat.
John nods. Kisses him again: one, two. Three. Sherlock still holding onto the back of his neck unrelenting. His arm 'round Sherlock's middle, half-asleep. John presses his nose to Sherlock's hot cheek.
"I ate those in April," Sherlock says, "they were dreadful."
"Your case last week," she says, "out in Portsmouth—" right, guns, Amsterdam— "is that still—"
"Thought so," John murmurs, and opens his mouth. Flicks his tongue out against Sherlock's earlobe and then while Sherlock's still gasping, "Six, six—" opens his mouth on Sherlock's throat and
John inhales and holds it; then sighs, helpless, and shakes his head. "I'm afraid," he says, and then he swallows, his throat tight and sore and heavy. "I'm afraid I—I did, I did something I thought he wanted I—I thought I could tell that—that he wanted it and I thought he enjoyed it and then he—he had a sodding breakdown, all right? he—I
"John," he says. It comes out heavy, thick.
"I want to kiss you," Sherlock whispers, and so John kisses him, a warm wet honey-thick eons-long kiss with their bodies wound together in John's bed. Sherlock's throat cracks: a tiny choked-off gasping sound; John kisses him again, helpless; and again. Sherlock's arms tight around him while John presses a kiss just against his jaw and then returns to his mouth. Sherlock's breath pressing out between them, hot and ragged and fast. So they kiss. They kiss while their bodies get sweaty where they're touching, burrowed from the knees down beneath the mass of the folded-back duvet, the rest of them hot in bare air; Sherlock's feet hanging off the end of the bed. "Do you want—," Sherlock asks, after quite some time; but there are barely words for what John wants: Sherlock coming to him like a skittish wild thing, again and again; not fleeing just long enough for John to stroke him, to eat from John's trembling hand. "I like this," John whispers, "or, do you—"; but Sherlock shakes his head, so they kiss.
"I think we've all got one, actually," Marianne says, wry; and immediately John recollects:
"Yes," Sherlock gasps, "
John touches Sherlock's cheek. His mouth. The soft, damp fan of his eyelashes, half closing at the touch.
"That's new, isn't it," John asks, as Sherlock fishes out a little piece of black leather, gives a disgruntled sort of a noise, then sits up properly.
"Yes," Sherlock says.
"Truce!" John manages at last, "Truce," still giggling; but Sherlock's stopped already, letting John up but still looking indignant, fluffed-up like a particularly offended owlish maiden aunt. John cups his cheeks in both hands, kisses his lovely awkward peculiar face, while Sherlock is grumbling, "Do I get on at you about your bloody color-coded organizational system," which is both charming and extremely silly, since John only color-codes the flags on his case notes in the narrow window after they've solved them but before he's finished typing them up, but Sherlock still sends him scathing texts about it, on average, four times a week.
Sherlock is petting at him, hips and spine and sides. "This," Sherlock says, thick, as he presses in. Thick. John shivers, and Sherlock folds himself down around his back.
"Oh, well," Sherlock says. "If it's too much of a distraction." He sounds, John notes, extremely self-satisfied.
," and Sherlock gives him two hard, jostling slaps, then grabs him 'round the middle when his knees buckle.
, nearly every weekend, as well, so if I'd thought Eton was hell in the general sense, Winchester was a torture device that'd been designed, specifically, for me." He takes a long, slow breath. "And I'd endured—one year. But."
He shakes the colander. Rising up with a sharp, green, wet smell. Beside him Sherlock shakes dried thyme into the bowl with the onions and olives, then sets to stirring.
Half-broken staccato breaths: Sherlock drags his hair back, chin up; and John moans, long and low. "Would you moan for that?" Sherlock is asking, puffed against his skin. John nods. "Moan harder if I fucked you while you did it?" Nodding John nods, nods and Sherlock says, "Fucked you so hard your face'd scrape against the lino, would you still moan?" and John nods so Sherlock pulls back and says, "
"You were grieving," replies Sherlock.
"You can," Sherlock says, voice thick, and so with his thumb still tucked against him, John uncurls his index finger, and gives the ring a little, light tug. Sherlock makes a little noise, hips jerking; and John bends forward to press his face to Sherlock's warm bent-up knee.
In the doorway. "I brought curry," Sherlock says, voice low.
, Sherlock," he says, exasperated; and Sherlock starts laughing. Presses his face to John's skin, arms braced around his thighs; nuzzling over John's hips, petting at his wet erection while John rubs at his hair, warm and pleased-frustrated overfull
He stops, frustrated. Feeling—pulled out from the stomach, pulled apart, pulled—, while Sherlock is getting pinker and pinker and pinker, his long fingers warm in John's hand.
want one point nine children and a privet hedge?"; and Sherlock twists to shoot him an expression so patently incredulous that John is, in spite of himself, relieved.
hand around him forehead touching pulled tight tight tight shivering-tight; as "I can feel you," Sherlock whispers, "all over": knuckles petting navel hair-scratching skin. Belly cavern-hollow stroked-reshaping John shudders, all over. Feet cramping: "Christ—" panting— "Sh-Sherlock—
"Not very," Sherlock murmurs, turning his head under John's hands. "Bit of an upset stomach," he says, liquid and slow, "that's all"; as the cup of his palm finds John's hip.
can be in charge of putting on my stockings"; and Sherlock, whose blush'd finally been starting to fade, in an instant goes a bright, lobsterish scarlet.
"Hear, hear," Denise is saying. John salutes, and polishes off his wine, then reaches for the bottle. "Here, pass that over," says Denise; and between her and Priyanka they flag down the waiter and get the last of the two extant bottles emptied into Rhoda's glass—"ugh," Rhoda says, grimacing, "that's awful,
"If you can turn around, if you can get—" John swallows, throat scratchy, then finishes, "get your feet up here, so I can—I want you," John says, unsteady. All over. "In my mouth."
in a shipping crate to suffocate? Rotten luck that he didn't succeed?
Sherlock doesn't say anything. His mouth is twisting, unhappy; John wants—he wants to—
you talking to her about socialism last week and it wasn't even
"But we've had a lot of sex," John says, "a
John nods.
"Right," John muses. "Because there's a saying I'm trying to remember..."
A breath; another. Another and another and another: "I was going to make dinner," says Sherlock, a damp puff against John's skin; and enough. John nods. Rocks back flat on his heels to look up at Sherlock's lovely pink-flushed face: a sharp-focus photograph, taken in the sun. John feels all the way awake for the first time all day. When John drops his arms Sherlock steps back, scrubs his hand through his hair; then notices—apparently for the first time—the lemon. He rotates his body away from John's body and sets the lemon at the edge of the sink to wash his hands.
into all the things Sherlock was needing needed needs from him John just—ifwhen Sherlock required and requires John'd do will do—do any, any last impossible—
His bare feet burning against the floor.
,' but he—Jacob just decided for him, didn't he? When the agreement was that Sherlock
John takes their Starbucks cups and bins them. Sherlock takes the little heaps of letters up off the table and pins them here and there to his board, frowning; then notices his jacket on the floor and picks it up. Shakes it off. He takes it with him when he goes into his bedroom and then comes out ten minutes later in a neatly tucked-in white shirt with no damp on the front and the sleeves properly cuffed. He smells like toothpaste. His hair is still a mess. Mrs. Hudson notices, too; she opens the door for them and gives them each a hug, but she lingers over Sherlock, fussing over nothing, and then shoots John a worried look. John doesn't know what she reads on his face, but she seems to find it somehow reassuring.
him, has the cheek to look positively delighted.
"And," he says; and then stops again.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says, quietly; and John sighs.
, Sherlock had said,
Privately John thinks Mycroft got a show and a half, but he wouldn't say it. "He can't have been in for long," John says instead, and tops up the kettle. "We're still changing the locks."
"And then you stopped," John says, "to pick up a cane," biting down on the quaver sneaking into his voice, and across in his chair, Sherlock's head tilts a bare five degrees, birdlike and delicate. His cheeks are still pink. The tortoiseshell spectacles are still tucked into his shirt pocket, John notes. He can see one arm sticking out.
Sherlock stops. Tucks his chin to look at him, close and green and blue. "Wasn't it?" he asks, curiously.
"She wanted to know," John explains, "if I wanted to meet a friend of hers"; and Sherlock lifts his head.
"In a minute I'll be able to pull out," Sherlock says unsteadily; and John gasps, "
": and Sherlock presses his face to a suspender moaning, "
, until it starts creeping up after him: the sharp, warm incongruous aroma of Sherlock, cooking onions, downstairs.
"Yeah?" Sherlock's voice is soft. His hands are soft and his fingers are soft, just rubbing against him, wetter than John needs and a thousand times less than what he all-of-a-sudden blossoming wants but Sherlock's eyes are huge and pale and uncertain and John bends down and braces his elbows on the sheet and his fingers in his hair kisses the edge of Sherlock's soft pink mouth over and over and says, "Yeah," steady, "I do." He doesn't know how he does it. He isn't steady at all. Sherlock is under him wide-eyed and trading him soft bottomless kisses while he gives him tentative virginal touches like either of them wants him to be tentative or is anything like virginal at all but still somehow the only part of John that feels steady is that he is in Sherlock's hands, untethered and elated: "I trust you," John hears in his own voice, over and over, as holding him open Sherlock dips two fingertips into him and out, and John curls his sticky fingers up tight in Sherlock's soft hair.
"Well," Sherlock says, "I certainly do, I—"
"He's—."
The bathroom is heavy with steam. Condensation shiny on the wallpaper. Sherlock bent in half before him breathing heavily. Drooping, his elbows noodling loose in the water against John's calves.
." John is watching him again, helpless: Sherlock's jaw twitches, barely; sets.
It's cooler, downstairs.
John nods. Swallowing. Pets his softthick sweat-damp hair. "You could always lie," he suggests.
Sherlock blinks. Cloud over sky, and then—then, very slowly, his hands come open. They bloom across John's skin, belly and sides. Sherlock is staring up at John's mouth so John bends back down to kiss him and his fingers fall blind against Sherlock's, moving quick and sure on Sherlock's shirtfront. They pull apart, and John steps aside so that Sherlock can stand up and peel off his clothes, his shirt and his trousers and his socks and his little black shorts, exposing all the creamy, expansive skin underneath. John swallows and reaches for his own flies. Undressing beside Sherlock, John feels utilitarian. Blunt. Then naked Sherlock straightens and, eyes hooded, he touches the mark on John's throat. John doesn't know what he feels like, after that.
"No," Sherlock says quietly. "I didn't think you would."
"But he didn't teach me that I—shouldn't get off, or that I shouldn't get what I want, or that I had to—"
"Whatever I'd like," Sherlock echoes, and John nods.
"I don't know." John kisses his temple, feeling desperate, weirdly grateful, overwarm. "Maybe not."
"Of course not," John murmurs, rubbing down over his collarbones, and Sherlock gives a little impatient noise and kneels up to push at his own pajama bottoms, which have got twisted rather awkwardly and were pointless to begin with. "What about the chaps?" John asks, and Sherlock says, "
—while Sherlock moans squirming underneath him shoving John's head back down to him so John fits his hollow mouth back around a nipple, suckling-sucking,
Sherlock sighs. "Half five."
he knows that Sherlock is afraid, nor
Sherlock pads back into the kitchen while John is rinsing the pan. He still looks flushed and misplaced and awkward, fitting badly into his body, his expensive trousers, his ugly shirt; but he rests one palm on John's shoulder while he reaches past him for the towel and then holds it out, both hands, so that John can pass him the pan. Silence. Waiting, John thinks, for—and worrying—. John waits, washes, rinses; Sherlock worries and dries and puts away; until John is down to their two water glasses and Sherlock's plate, where John is scrubbing at a stubborn bit of fennel fronds, gluey with sauce; and Sherlock says, "I like—holding in," very low, under his breath, still turning John's plate around and around in the towel in his long hands.
Just beneath the long sprawl of it, his lopsided pink mouth. Breathing in John bends down to kiss him, tasting—. Skin: easing—easing his tongue. Fitting in.
Sherlock's hand is lost and and then found again on John's hip. His back. His spine. Sherlock's eyes are wide. They aren't any color, part of John is fluttering-thinking-beating battered wings somewhere far away: not any color; they aren't any color all the time.
, John thinks, breathing hard;
"I don't care," Sherlock says, too fast, and knots his hand up with John's hand.
"I'm just," John says, and then stops. Because he doesn't—
Sherlock. (Hand, and) "nnhhm—" mouth, as. John.
John's mouth. Feels—as John wriggles his chopstick out, jabs it forward, and it catches the white front of Sherlock's third favorite shirt, purely by accident; a long brown line. Sherlock's shoulders straighten, pull back.
, he thinks: a rush. Sherlock breathing out into—his mouth John hard all over and soft—running his fingertips—along—but upstairs stretched out six minutes wanting he'd been—
Lemon. Fennel. Dinner. "Want me to help?" John asks, and Sherlock, rinsing the lemon, shoots him an incredulous look. "Hey," John protests. "I didn't ruin your chicken, did I?" Sherlock doesn't put off the skeptical expression; John can feel his own mouth curling up, just at the corner: "I'm perfectly capable of chopping veg, you know."
"Please," Sherlock says. "Who'm I sending Lestrade to arrest, keep up."
John exhales, slow. "Yeah?"
It comes out thick, oddly boggy. At sea, John thinks, a burst beneath his ribs of—tenderness. Warmth. "Yeah," John says. Gentle. He can see all the tiny muscles underneath Sherlock's skin shifting and resettling, coming home.
Christ.
"Case," John observes.
"it—waste of time, and." Sherlock's mouth stops moving, as coming up beside him the waitress digs a biro out of her apron pocket.
Natalie sticks her head in.
"Want me to slice up the lemons?" John asks, quiet.
"I'm going to fuck you," Sherlock says, too fast. "I'm going to—to fuck you so hard and loose that you feel it for days, I'm going to—"
him too close: pressed tight to John's body, the battering, tsunami throb of the pulse at the base of Sherlock's leaking cock.
continue to be open.
John nods. "So—now what, do you have to relinquish your sword, swear fealty to me and my armies, or—"
"Is this what you feel like you should say no to?" George asks; and John swallows, and then sighs, and rubs at his hollow, stubbly cheeks. Turning back towards the room.
"It's not unreasonable to expect someone you're shagging to not knowingly hurt you, Sherlock," John says. "It's not unreasonable expect that of
He digs his skull into the headrest.
": but Sherlock is already shoving John's shirt up to press a hot slick thick tongue into the dip of John's navel while he pulls and drags at the button and the zip and mouthing stickydamp through fabric while he claws John's jeans down over his lifting-helpless hips and then gets his mouth
"Oh, well." John swallows, tongue thick. "At least you had an entirely proportionate response to video of me—what? sobbing all over that fucking Boxster, or getting—getting plastered at a drag show in Shoreditch or—or shoved up against a wall in an alley that smelled of cat piss to have a quick snog with your best mate from uni, or—"
Sherlock snorts. "Clara drinks wine out of stemless glasses and refers to the step just inside her front door as a
—" until ages later Sherlock opens the door fully dressed again, pink, newly shaven, with his rank fucking coat draped over one arm to raise one perfect eyebrow at John stumbling back, shivering, still dripping—Christ, what is he
Sherlock curls his fingers in towards his palms; then inhales, and stretches to decisively type in the URL. John watches him click through the security page—
"I want it to be—
," John, half-muffled, groans; and Sherlock's hand tightens painfully. He drags John's head up, barely; air rushes into John's lungs.
Sherlock stretches. Hums. Something rising inside him and John pushes it down, hard. "Three," Sherlock is admitting, then opening his eyes, blinking over at him. Somehow John nods. "Five," Sherlock adds, quietly, "when I think about how it lights you up."
He hears it, when Sherlock exhales. The tip of the cane makes a soft dull noise when Sherlock lets it touch the floor.
Straightening, John wipes at the back of his head. Wets his palm, then gets more shaving foam anyway, and goes to work on the back of Sherlock's long hand.
. Whispering,
John can feel his face heating up. The door rattling under his palms. "Yeah," he says, a little thick.
"Kew Gardens," Sherlock says.
Beside another.
"And then
Panting. "F-fu—"
"I know," says Sherlock. "I know."
as he murmurs, "who thinks my cocks are weird," as John shivers raw-scraped laughs and shivers and his cock bobbing rock-hard between them drips onto his stomach. "All right?" Sherlock asks, gentle. Toy and two fingers inside him barely moving as breathless John swallows—so full but not—
while his tongue trips and fumbles, "twenty years ago, you would've been—" and Sherlock's hands flatten down next to the cutting board. John, unhappy, takes a breath, and clatters on the taps, to rinse the parsley.
"No," John says, "it isn't": and then swallows.
"I don't know," Sherlock says, low, "are they?"
John's mouth twists.
Something not wholly unlike sympathetic, Brian says, "Oh, rotten luck"; which is—unparseable. Absurd. Rotten luck for
John replies, "I don't know," in perfect honesty.
: The day after I posted the last section, I wrote
When Rhoda at last says "Well, I'd best get back" and the party disintegrates into more hugs and back pats than John is really entirely comfortable with and an argument, which Rhoda loses, about whether or not Rhoda is permitted to contribute to the splitting of the bill, Sherlock lurks awkwardly to one side, acquiesces to—looking alarmed—a sideways embrace from Natalie, and then falls into step just beside John on the street still wrapped up like it's January, flushing splotchily across his throat and his cheeks. Warm all over (sun—honey—) John slides his hand back into Sherlock's inside Sherlock's coat pocket. Sherlock sidles a look down at him, but he doesn't let go, does he? John tilts his head back, looking up at the bruised purple-yellow ceiling of clouds and light pollution, grinning.
"I don't know," he says, after a moment, and then rubs at his face. "I mean—I don't, ever."
"It does seem rather the least he could do," John says, and Sherlock's mouth tilts, rocking into its corners. Chest tight John presses his glass up to his mouth and swallows, swallows; but it's empty.
"Okay?" Sherlock asks.
, to put John on his knees.
John hadn't still got it on. John'd been lying under a sheet with the windows open in thin pajama bottoms and nothing else, because it was hot, but he'd said,
"Until," John echoes, sucking down a shuddering breath, pushing—
—John's hand blurs, mobile chimes; voices out in reception, Natalie's chirpy, "Mr. Williamson!"—Christ—and Sherlock's snapped his hand on his chest with his right nipple—
John shivers, rolling his hips— "I don't need this much warm-up, you know." Wanting. More. "I can take it."
"Yeah." John swallows, as Sherlock— "
"You can try," he says, and John nods, sliding down.
"Since Saturday," John says, and his voice turns, dips and swoops. He stops, then clears his throat, breathing in. "It's—it's entirely about me, you see? Or—or he wants it to be. He doesn't—he wants to get me off, as hard and as fast and as—as frequently as possible, but he doesn't—he doesn't want me to—to hold him, or really even touch him, or
"I'll. Text you, I'll see you." John swallows. "Later. Yeah?"
Holmes shifts his weight. The cane. Settling across John's lower back. "Mr. Watson," Holmes says, in that low, shudderingly-silky voice, "have you been leading my boys astray?" and John laughs: wild, too loud. The cane lifts, then snaps back down, hard, against his thighs. It surges in his skin, hot. Pools up in him, drips out.
(This disclosure had been matter-of-fact; as though it were insignificant. Every part of it. When he had said it Sherlock had been sitting at his feet on the carpet while John'd been busy drinking steadily into the small hours of the morning, with Sherlock's long hand wrapped tight around the middle of John's bare ankle: a solid, anchoring brand. In the morning John'd called off work, desperately hungover; and Sherlock'd made him a fry-up and about eight cups of tea while issuing a lot of low-pitched, lightly cutting remarks about John's wardrobe before fucking off for four hours to leave John to sleep the worst off in silence: normal, it'd been, for him. It'd been, for him, almost sweet.)
black belt, let alone two: he
Sun streaming through the windows. A quarter to ten. Fully dressed with his spine regimental John had said,
John's never been to bed with a woman as beautiful as him: the thought feels treacherous, paper-thin. John jerks his gaze down to Sherlock's big white feet, then reaches for the right, to ease it up onto his bent-up thigh. The water is loud on the side of his head and his shoulder and the skin of his ringing ear. Sherlock's feet are long and awkward and bony and pale, peculiarly delicate, soft underneath—just like the rest of him, essentially. It gives John a tight-hot-angry feeling in his chest and his throat, a little sharp knot that keeps almost threatening to unravel out into something not wholly unlike despair.
John could make it so good, get him dripping with it, fucking
What he could do.
Breathes.
He's moved on to making tea and toast by the time Sherlock comes out dressed all the way down to his jacket and shoes and says, "What do you know about opera?"; to which John replies, "Old posh white people"; and then Sherlock slides on a pair of thick-framed tortoiseshell spectacles, which ought to make him look like he's trying too hard to be hip and of course instead make him look like he's soon to be starring in some sort of Oxbridge post-graduate fellowship porno, says, "Well, two out of three," while standing far too close, and then—John can't be sure, but—Sherlock bends to—apparently—smell the back of John's neck.
"He didn't hurt me," Sherlock says. "It wasn't like that.
while shaking all over John drags himself—up held still arms hard and—hollow and so he—could be is grinding—
"It's not, really." John sighs, pulling him in: the warm, heavy weight of Sherlock's body, held tight.
His cheekbone.
"No, I was asleep, more or less," John admits. "Here, come over—" Gets up onto his side, pushing Sherlock's trousers off: Sherlock undoes the tie on John's dressing gown and sticks his hands in, wiggling his toes in his socks. John rolls him onto his back and Sherlock rubs at John's still-tender arse and John tucks his fingers in the back of Sherlock's knee and Sherlock squirms, his erection bobbing absurdly between them; John rubs a thumb against its base and Sherlock grunts, hips arching up.
"As a matter of fact," he says, "he did. I'd forgotten that Ramya Gupta was ever one of Lucy's—when I met her, she was still formally working for the Home Office."
Sherlock presses a fingertip against him, and then stills. John squirms. He can't—it's too close, he feels—Sherlock pushes his fingertip into him; John gasps, and Sherlock pulls out. Sherlock's low steady voice: "Did you get what you wanted?"
"If you let me kiss you first," he says, finally, "and don't let me come."
"It's part of the point," he says, "for me. I'm sorry. I can't help it"; and looking away from him, Sherlock's mouth draws tight.
, Sherlock'd said to Mrs. Hudson: the most accurate description John himself could give. The inverse of object permanence: all the unshocking unknown things that they keep discovering inside themselves. All mysteries, from outside. It must seem like a change, mustn't it: this precise transmogrification, of their twenty-nine months staring into that particular howling void; but it isn't. Now Sherlock touches him and John lets him, yearns for him, wants always more of him: new, perhaps, but it doesn't feel any different. A through line, invisible, to 2010, 2012. 2013.
And then—
"Yeah," John murmurs. "What do you want?"
"Want to come upstairs with me?" John asks.
The problem, John reflects, as he grimly pounds his way through the last kilometer of his Wednesday morning run, is not the sex. The sex continues—somewhat unfortunately—to be fantastic. But John would have to be a lot more of an idiot than he is to not understand that Sherlock—who twelve hours ago had bound John's wrists together to the leg of the coffee table, pinning his arms stretched out above his head while he mauled John bare on his back on the carpet, Sherlock panting,
John nods. Presses his mouth to Sherlock's shoulder, grateful and afraid.
The flat is quiet. Downstairs in the street the light traffic, just past ten in the morning of a Sunday. John isn't angry. John probably ought to be. John's hands are folded in his lap, looking out: clouds, flirtatious hints of blue in between; and somewhere out there unknown unprotected is Sherlock in his coat with John's gun in John's holster at John's back fixed in place in Baker Street and John flattens his hands beside his open laptop on the table and takes a breath and lets it out and takes a breath and lets it out and breathe he is thinking breathe just breathe just
"Nothing," John says, and takes a breath. "Sorry, I—I was. Asleep, I was asleep." Just past ten in the morning of a Sunday.
Mycroft lets him be, for a while, at least.
—hard around him with Sherlock watching him cup his heavy-hot balls to the hollow-tangled base of his body with his. Waistband. Cutting hard, into the tops of his thighs.
"Yeah," John manages: lying, utterly certain; their fingers dry against him prickling him all over, strange and foreign, so that—but John's pores are yawning open as—but Sherlock is petting against him breathing hard so that—and John is petting with him, John's knee bent up foot curling, against Sherlock's warm calf, but—and Sherlock's hitching uneven breath, and his skin—
sweat shining on his apple-red face between John's folded-tight tensioned aching knees as Sherlock fucks in hard balls slapping against John's skin burning stretched tight-tight-tight and buzzing the whole of him burning and aching—wanting—
, he is thinking, heart wild in his throat:
the miserable bloody bastard and nudges John up—just—not far, just enough for him to murmur, "How are you?" and then give the toy another thick, shocking twist and John shudders and groans. Sherlock kisses him, gentle, high up on the inside of his thigh.
"Why don't you come up here?" John says, finally. Looks down. Sherlock's still holding his hips, elbows draped over John's thighs, looking some combination of confused and annoyed, but John says, "Just—come on, get—yeah," when Sherlock kneels up at last. "Come here," John says, and nudges his fingers into the backs of Sherlock's legs, dragging him up higher onto his chest.
"Rout all the terrorists in Portsmouth," Sherlock suggests, looking over at him, and John can't help it, how he's smiling. Chest fluttering he leans against the window; Sherlock ducks his head.
Blood surging up in his face when Sherlock makes a high, torn noise and closes his mouth around John's nipple and then—sucks, and—sucks, and
Sherlock nods, after a moment.
Sherlock doesn't say anything else. Just watches. John feels off beat, unbalanced, strange; but Sherlock is still sitting and watching him with the peaks of his cheekbones still flushed—a hot-tender spot on the roof of John's mouth—and the cane still tucked away at his right side and someone else's spectacles not-at-all making him look like someone else's face.
Nose rubbing his nose Sherlock nods. Waits. Lovely-patient, his wide green purple-rimmed eyes as he is waiting heart thundering as John breathes. In. Breathes out. Gather his scattered self up in pieces while under him all over Sherlock's throbbing pulse: Christ, what it must be costing him, to hold himself so still.
Breathes. Warm on his throat Sherlock breathes: face tipping up, a kiss. A kiss.
John's mouth is dry. "You want another cup of tea?" he asks.
Sherlock is quiet for a long time. "But you have to tell me if you don't like it," he says, finally; and John nods.
"Yeah," Sherlock says.
him, he's not—real, he could still be—dead, in fucking—Rouen, and I'd still be. I'd still be alone. And I need—Christ." John gasps, and then gasps, and then grinds out, "I need, I need him, I need to know he's
"You mean," John says, "even though I'm generally so reluctant to let you, or—" and Sherlock's face breaks into a soft, sheepish smile. John rubs his knuckles over Sherlock's hot cheek.
"Hm." Sherlock pushes himself up onto an elbow, looking down. He touches the corner of John's mouth.
"Clear bottle," Sherlock says; then licks his lips and adds, "not—last night—" so John squeezes his eyes shut tight in self-defense and scrambles back through to Sherlock's room. The bed's still torn up. Blue dressing gown in the middle and all the sheets half on the floor, and both bottles are still on the nighttable: easy, John thinks, back prickling; quick to hand. John grabs the clear bottle and trots back: Sherlock still slouching naked on the sofa, hand on his cock. Watching John come towards him he gives it a stroke, loose and casual, chin tilted up; and the sharp-hot reality of the scenario slaps John across the face: Sherlock, naked on their sofa, playing with his—
, John thinks: in his throat that same taut, yearning pang. "Oh, no," he says. He laughs. "I did. In medical school. Maggie Gascoine. Worked for UBS. From Leeds, I think."
"Can you." John hesitates. Watching Sherlock start the kettle. Fetch the tea. "Can you—tell me," John asks, finally, when Sherlock's turned back to face him, arms crossed over his chest, shoulders hunching: so that John has an excellent full-frontal view of the way Sherlock's mouth crumples down, gaze skittering away. The way he bends, slightly, as though weighted, at his middle. "Or not," John says, "if you don't want to, but I don't want to—hurt you, accidentally, I just—"
John swallows. "Yeah."
"Please don't," Nat says. A lopsided smile.
Shadows, all over. No lights. The sun'd still been well up when they'd finished the washing up. The draining-blue dusk slipping in through their wide open windows, skin stuck to skin: Sherlock's mouth just resting, on John's scraping too-rough cheek.
Last night. After. Sherlock's hot face had been against his belly, heaving; the two of them sticking together in John's too-small bed upstairs too out of breath to speak, for a long while. Sherlock's hair had been soft and thick. It'd slipped, silky, against the sides of John's fingers, the ends curling up around them; it'd caught, here and there. In the places where it'd tangled it felt rougher: John had tugged his fingers through it, gentle, and where he'd touched them the strands had slipped apart. Sherlock's solid hot body had been heavy against him, slick with sweat: he'd come partway up to lie awkwardly on top of him and put his leg to sleep and breathe, hot and ragged, into his navel, skin sticking to John's skin. It'd been dreadfully uncomfortable. Somewhere in the middle, John's fingers slipping through Sherlock's hair had twitched to cup his skull; and John'd thought, from nowhere:
Again.
A breath. John licks at his bottom lip. "Your circulation," he says: it comes out rough. He clears his throat. "I don't want to hurt you."
"Tie it tighter, John," Sherlock says, quiet; and John.
John doesn't think about it, mostly.
He's in Sherlock's bed, still, half drowned in the duvet. Sherlock has rolled away from him and is breathing shallowly, head bent down towards his chest, tucked up tidily onto his right side. John turns back to look up at the ceiling. Scrubs at his face. The window is bright. It feels late, but when he slips out of bed and pads into the kitchen to hunt down his mobile, it turns out to be not much past seven. Sherlock's mobile is still on the side table, too, the battery run all the way down; by that point John's well awake and then some. Nothing for it, he decides, then plugs Sherlock's phone in before texting him,
John picks it up.
Sherlock swallows: loud, in the quiet. The flat's so still. Just the two of them, here, and.
John swallows. "Shouldn't've—chair—office,
?" he asks; and Sherlock breathes out.
"Oh." Sherlock shrugs and passes him the cutting board; a knife, handle first. "Two or three cloves."
"God, no!" he is saying:
Sherlock is silent. Eyes darting, breathing hard: it sounds like it hurts. John would—give anything,
": caught on the back of his tongue, Sherlock's high, pulled-tight pained sound.
, would've given it his best bloody shot, if—
, and
, for—for your entire adult life, but you don't do—you don't
Sherlock's shoulders are creeping inward. His arms folding across his chest.
"So ask," he says.
I?" Sherlock murmurs; and John—
"Toys," John says, holding out the used flannel; and Sherlock sets the plug up in his hand.
"I didn't, though," Sherlock says. His low rough voice. "I didn't—I thought it was." He clears his throat, and says: "Just me." Pink, all over his cheeks: John swallows, hard.
in the US, you will have my undying gratitude.
"What," he asks, and then stops. He doesn't—Sherlock is looking at him, and John doesn't—he doesn't—
"I kept thinking about you, this morning," John says, after a moment, and then touches the corner of Sherlock's mouth. Pushing it, very gently, up. "That's not a bad thing," John says, and Sherlock's mouth twists up into his lopsided half-smile: the other side. The other side. John touches it, instead; then drops his hand. "You were upset," he says; and then watches as Sherlock swallows—swallows.
"And you know she'd never say a word about it," John says, "but he was a bit scornful about Mrs. Hudson's sister's blackcurrent jam," and Sherlock's face solidifies into a glare, his mouth tightening, hair sticking up all over and his flush still dripping down his lovely throat and John wants to punch Mycroft repeatedly in the face because if he weren't in their bloody living room—
His mattress is bare, still. He finds himself come to rest in the doorway anyway, for some reason. His body, without asking, leaning into its right side. The mattress is bare, still, of course; his duvet won't be dry for ages. And isn't as though he expected—
, so Sherlock will be—fine. He'll be fine! He'll be fine, and John's bed linens are still draped across the clothes horse and the cool radiator, his duvet damp, still, but drying. His fingers resting against it seem—he doesn't know. He doesn't know. Foreign. Apart. Then his hand is slippery on his mobile while he thumbs out,
fuss," Sherlock says. "
John kisses him. Feeling—feeling his whole—his whole fucking body.
—his toes cramping up into the soles of his clawed, alien feet.
He breathes.
John nods. "Which part's hard?" he asks; and Sherlock sighs, wriggling until their noses meet. John kisses him without lifting his head off the duvet: a delicate, fine-spun little thing.
"You said," Sherlock says, and then hesitates; and John's heart picks up and he doesn't know why, but then Sherlock says, "You promised me six and a half minutes"; and John remembers.
John breathes. "You smell good," he says. Muffled, a bit. He rubs his forehead against Sherlock's nape, and Sherlock interlaces their fingers.
Sherlock opens his mouth. Closes it again.
He leans back against the edge of the sink. It's still wet, probably; probably'll seep through his jeans; doesn't matter. He wishes for an instant that he'd had—more training, or—more experience, or—but he can still remember sitting with Clara once when he was home on leave while Harry, leonine and cruel, had prowled around their living room while she sneered,
"So," he says, "no great change there, then"; and Sherlock shifts, rolling up onto his side, looking down at John's hot, battered-open bared face.
Stinging. John's hand is on the lapel of Sherlock's coat. He doesn't remember moving it. Wool scraping at the rubbed-raw undersides of his fingers, and that smell. His smell. A wisp of a thought, filling up the back of John's throat, his hair pressed to John's face in their sleep in his bed. Almost eleven in Portsmouth, as Sherlock brushes his mouth against John's mouth.
Sherlock looks away, fast; and John swallows and pushes up to his feet: he really does need to go have a shower.
He turns the water to cold and rinses himself off: bracing. Waking him the rest of the way up. Then he gets out and drip-dries while he brushes his teeth and then rubs himself all over with the damp fucking pink-and-purple floral towel that still smells like Pears soap and Sherlock's skin and pads back to his bedroom to get the carrier bag out of his wardrobe; stands at his sink for half an hour, washing every scrap of lace and suspender and stocking with soap and warm water and squeezing it in the towel before draping it over the shower to air dry, because he hasn't got the first fucking idea what else he can do.
"They were
"Just imagining," John explains, "the—what, bloody... nine-screen monitoring setup—"
"I do," Sherlock says, after a moment, "take a certain satisfaction in making Mycroft pay for the hotel."
Very nearly a kiss.
"Did you love her?" he asks; and John swallows.
"You with me?" Sherlock murmurs.
Sherlock says, "Yes."
Toffee forgotten under the windscreen of a car, moving they pull and stick. John is, Sherlock would be. The two of them together; open; all over; for.
Sherlock nods.
He reaches over to rinse the razor again (a breath; time).
"Yeah," John says, finally. "It does at that, I reckon."
with the head nudging just into him, knows how to take it deep. Knows how to work himself open with it, just the first few inches, nice and gentle, get it wetter, like he'd've done for that raw first-timer, on his back with his lip between his teeth, if he'd had the opportunity. Knee up to his shoulder: wider. Do it easy until he begs for it hard. Get himself good and wet and loose, fucking his own hole wide open and dripping so that when he pulls his cock out he'll whine, so that he'll be shaking for it, gagging all over, so that when he sticks the suction cup at the base to the headboard or the wall or, or—or the chair, the hard-backed rigid chair he keeps tucked into the corner for putting his shoes on, so that then, he'll be well and truly ready to go.
Hearing—
"I've seen you, haven't I," Sherlock says, finally.
"Stop," John whispers, against the soft slow brush of Sherlock's mouth.
"Yeah." Delirious, nearly. John cups his hand around himself again, with some vague malformed notion that it is in some way protective. "I want you to," John whispers, and Sherlock kisses his bent-up knee.
John nods. Brushes out over the pencil-sketched line framing Sherlock's pectoral, and Sherlock closes his eyes.
It wasn't. John'd had—mixed results. "I'll buy you a new one if you like," he says, as light as he can; and then, because Sherlock is still staring at him in that same frozen wide-eyed fashion, John pushes forward (no way back) leans in, bubbling in a cartoon droplet, two, three; before Sherlock comes back to himself enough to jerk away, saying, "What are you—" and then rolls John off him noisily, clambering up to his feet and hopping out of the bath to go peer at himself in the mirror. John just sits back in the puddle at the bottom of the bath and pulls out the stopper, looking back up just in time for Sherlock's expression to go volcanic, outraged, at the electric purple cock and hairy balls drawn across one lovely flushed cheek, spurting in orgasm (appropriately, John'd thought) toward the licked-up badly-dried rat's-nest of Sherlock's absurd dark schoolboy curls.
Sherlock touches the corner of John's collarbone, then drops his hand. "Why?"
don't, I just—"
over and over while Sherlock'd panted into the phone, told him
, in jobs like ours."
, who were all British, and the American
John touches his cheek.
when I—I didn't even know how to—to
"That's not what I mean," says John. "I mean, if I hadn't called. Do you
Sherlock's spine snaps straight.
except that—except when—; except,
"All right?" he asks, quiet.
He stops, flushing. He isn't looking at John's face.
"All right," he says, straightening. Knickers. Suspender belt. Bra. "Let's... examine our options, shall we?"
"; and then presses his face hard to John's throat.
technically cheating, but I let you get away with it because you are
John nods and starts breaking the head apart. Sherlock digs under the sink and tosses him a pair of nitrile gloves, then sidles around him to get back into the bag. John looks at the gloves, then at him. "Really?" he asks.
, but he still is so gentle with him,
Against his neck, "That was an invitation," Sherlock says. "Wasn't it."
"But I'm not certain why him and not Sewell," John admits. "Sewell certainly seems more the type."
. I'm not going to leave."
John nods. Breathing in: steadying. A sip, bitter: curling the edges of his tongue. He sets his tea back on the table.
John pauses. "What, you mean—porn and wanking? Because I've got news for you, Sherlock: that gets most people off."
"Yeah," John whispers, as Sherlock curls his fingertips around the backs of his knees—pulls them apart—drop down to John's arse to shift him up— "I do."
," hot all over, prickling, "how can you, I shouldn't—"; and Sherlock twists, kisses the inside of his wrist—
"John," Sherlock says, sharp enough that John flinches and "I didn't
It's a lovely day. Sherlock has a case. He's also being a bit of a tit, but John is well shagged and off work on time and not quite so bad as he used to be, he thinks, at reading between Sherlock's lines. "All right," he says, agreeable.
Yeah. John murmurs, "Yeah." Nods.
"No," John says, "oh—
"How's your knee?" Sherlock asks, and John drops his hand.
Sherlock's face bent down. Shadowed, as he holds out his hand. John feels  little sparking knots all over, cluttering up his skin. He lets Sherlock grasp his wrist, and pull him up.
all right, he hasn't really been all right for twenty fucking years, has he? But John can't say that to him, isn't
—he doesn't actually—
Sherlock doesn't even hesitate. Just yanks the shirt up over his head, clambers down to the carpet, and John scoots back. Sherlock grabs at the knees of John's pajama bottoms and pulls, and so—Sherlock pulls until they drag off his lifting hips, so John ought to wriggle out of his t-shirt as well. It's hot enough without any of it, even before Sherlock flattens himself down between John's thighs hands on his hips and gulps him down.
A half a breath away from saying:
"Doesn't that hurt your neck," John asks, quietly, as he half pulls away.
"I want to be full of you," John says, quiet. Rubbing his thumb along Sherlock's cheekbone, burning up. "Like you fill," John says unsteadily, "yourself with me."
: John loosens his hand, twisting; Sherlock lets out half-wailing desperate moan fucking up against him closing his own hand tight around John's working him on him and then gasps, "Can you—kiss me, I want," and John pushes up to kiss him with Sherlock's hand on his hand still stroking Sherlock's wet prick while Sherlock gasps, "Would you, what would you've," and then pants, half against him tonguing into him while John tells him, "I would've stripped you out of your uniform and your bra and your knickers and I would've—what next?" and Sherlock gasps, "Put your—you're—older, adventurous, you would've—had something, a—a vib—
, and add
, John wants to say; but his mouth is full, so he keeps quiet.
"Yeah." John says. He picks the other stocking up off the end of the bed. It was well within Sherlock's reach. John folds it over his fingers, and hands it down to him.
Sherlock rubs his mouth down his neck, across his shoulder. "Yes," he says, quiet. John reaches back 'round behind him, gets his hand on Sherlock's round arse. "God," Sherlock breathes; and then rocks into him, electric-stinging, yellow sparks. John twists his face back so they can kiss, offside. His fingers finding Sherlock's fingers, tangling up: Sherlock clumsily licking at the edge of his open-wet mouth, fucking him so aching slow-sweetly that John feels melted; syrupy, pulled soft. His body curled hot to-around Sherlock's body John is full up. The gentlest of taps, and he might overflow.
Sherlock nods slowly, unanswering.
hard, he's realizing; he's sodding—
The light through the window's white curtains is watery and blue, unreal. John feels flayed. Split apart. Sherlock's eyes on him are open, undeceived.
John straightens. "Do you want me to back off?" he asks; but Sherlock shakes his head hard,
, he feels—. Locked. Locked up. An arms-length away Sherlock straightens, rubbing both hands over his face; and John reaches out to touch, clumsily, his bare hip.
George hums. "And that's changed?"
John laughs, rubs at his cheek. Shakes his head.
"Not me," John says. Then laughs.
— "John?"
First off, to anyone who still cares about this beast: I want to thank you all for being patient with the mega-delay while I finished grad school and was really sad about my dog and other stuff and then picked up my life and moved it several hundred miles away, etc. ♥♥♥ You are the best.
A touch. Another. And then Sherlock's lips half closed on his jaw: a kiss, and then he says, "Seven," quiet, "so—forty minutes"; and John sighs. "She's going to come and
"It's difficult to imagine you rubbish at it," John says, mopping at his cuffs. It's difficult to imagine Sherlock rubbish at much of anything, but he thinks perhaps he oughtn't to say that.
—cracking open down to his navel sounds with his taste spread all over John's tongue slipping-thick and spreading through the molecules of John's cells soaking like if John just—
"And can I?" Sherlock asks; and John says, "Yeah."
; knows better; knows just how to rub at himself breathe out breathe in breath
"We're rather finishing up, I'm afraid," Tariq is saying, "but there's wine."
He chews on his bottom lip, and then picks up his phone.
"I do," Sherlock agrees.
"I didn't—." Sherlock swallows, very red. "I didn't watch all of it"; and John says, "Oh, good, so he got the balcony, then," the very last vestiges of his self-respect ash-crumbling, shriveling up; and Sherlock touches him throat and cheek and lip and then kisses him, very sweetly, undeserved and longing: sliding his long warm arm to cradle the back of John's heavy idiot head.
"You keep getting me so worked up I lose all higher cognitive function." Sherlock's so
relevant to a lot of the issues that are bubbling to the surface in the last section, and this one. It is not, however, in any way required reading for this story—more just, hey, if you want to listen to me talk about things like performative gender and its personal and political implications, and how to make people think you're a boy by acting like an asshole, and Sherlock Holmes's sensitive nipples, that's where!  [I did (temporarily) add this note to the end notes on Pt. 45 after I posted the essay, but since it was well after alerts had gone out et cetera, I'm moving it to this part, for posterity, instead.]
"I gather, in fact," she says, leaning in, "that you have a particular tendency toward using past cases as your own personal Tinder—"
I think of you."
John nods. Knots his fingers tight in Sherlock's warm low voice as "better than that chair," Sherlock says. His thumb. Palm.
, Sherlock had said; and
The typing indicator comes on immediately.
"Yeah," John agrees, and settles back into his chair.
was Harry. She hadn't ever got in trouble—she hadn't ever got caught—but John'd been kept after, a few times; got a stern talking-to or two; had been made to write lines, that sort of thing; and there was always a sick, hot-flushed feeling that went with it, a kind of bizarre amalgamation of terror and adrenaline-anticipation that John genuinely can't remember ever feeling anywhere else, not even in the army, not even under fire. At fifteen the worst thing that can happen to a boy is humiliation, and a lopsided echo of it is coming back to him now: a tense, expectant weight that lurks under his breastbone. He thinks:
"Please let me," Sherlock says, quiet; and then—then kisses—John's jaw—and John's
with me," and aching and battered John squeezes Sherlock's body to his body: "It's all right, oh—Sherlock—there's nothing wrong with you," impossibly helpless, "you're
Sherlock laughs, rubs at his forehead. "So you could be subjected to Manchester as well, then?"
"You call this a thrashing?" John asks. He can hear Sherlock shift, startled; shoes shuffling against the carpet:
, I—" and Sherlock says, "
DS Jacobs, on loan from DI Howlitzer on a Sunday and clearly none too pleased about any part of it, drives them back to Baker Street in her own personal Ford Focus, because Sherlock still refuses to ride in a patrol car. John, seated up front, tries to make conversation, since as soon as she unlocked the doors Sherlock slid into the back and went promptly and aggressively silent, ignoring even Jacobs's pointed references to her assorted black belts and her dojo and the last time she took out a suspect three times her size; John tries to maneuver her onto a less fraught topic, but since her other main interests are snooker and getting pissed with her truly terrifying women's five-a-side team and she isn't actually a lesbian, he never really knows how to talk to her. When they pull up outside the flat, he takes the time to thank her for the ride and wish her luck in her next match, so Sherlock's already through the door and up the stairs probably before John's even got his seatbelt off.
Sherlock pauses. "That
"Is it over?" Sherlock asks.
"I—yes." John is watching Sherlock's face: the queer softness of his mouth; the way, lashes vibrating with tension, he is very carefully not meeting John's eyes. "All right," John says. He is thinking:
, I don't know—": half-choked, at the end.
Breathing. John nods. Sherlock presses his forehead against John's forehead and John pulls him close-close-closer until there is no air anywhere in between them, very nearly close enough.
—someone else. Someone elses. And—and other people, besides.
Sherlock looks over, frowning. "What?"
John swallows. "You might be what, precisely?" he asks, squinting; and Sherlock's head sags, dark and heavy.
John swallows. "Is it." He doesn't want to—
He can barely hear himself, watching. Sherlock's whole face is bright red. John is dizzy, almost. Air rushing in and out, through his lungs, out and in, Sherlock's lovely flushed throat.
himself whine: "You certainly," hot in his ear, "oughtn't to think about that."
"Greg," he manages. "Thanks."
"She used to be one of ours, you know," he says, "Mikey hated scheduling her—made no bones of what she thought of me, always insisted on seeing Brian or Denise"; and Natalie gives him a look.
"And then." Sherlock kisses John's sole: John's cock drips thick and wet as John cries out. "Will that be enough?" Sherlock is asking pressing into him and John is shaking, shaking his head, thrashing around him against him until Sherlock pushes down on his wet belly holds him still.
; and then finally
And breathes.
Looking down at him red-faced Sherlock's expression is shifting, softening. He bends, and John closes his eyes. Sherlock's mouth doesn't taste like anything. It tastes like a mouth. His lips are mobile and very soft, like his hair.
"You can," Sherlock says, muffled by John's throat. His arm loose around John's shoulders: his curled fingers just brushing John's spine.
John swallows. It's unsurprising, he finds; he twists towards him, face up. "Have you, though," he asks, very quietly.
"You don't have to go anywhere today," says Sherlock, half-muffled.
, if you'll... ah, pardon my phrasing."
Sherlock doesn't wake up. He doesn't look like a girl, does he. He just looks like—himself. Wearing badly-applied eyeliner, cried well into sleep. When John stretches out again next to him, Sherlock half-opens his eyes again, vague and unfocused, so John pulls him back in tight, and Sherlock's eyes slip shut. John presses their foreheads together, chest aching. He knows he won't sleep.
He stops again; and after a moment, George prompts, "You're not asking me to..."
"I like it like this, too," John says; and panting Sherlock presses his face to John's shoulder, arms tight round his middle; rocks into him, then stills. Pulse fluttering. John reaches back for him: his sweat-sticky shoulder, his wet hair. Kisses the edge of his scalp, about all he can reach.
, and
. Bone deep. A wanting woven up with every molecule of him. John'd promised Sherlock he'd forget it, told him he was lovely, cleared his message history, kept his silent mobile next to him until he'd fallen asleep; he'd meant it. Every word. Jumbled up inside him lost forever
. "Give me. A minute." Adding:
There is a long, long pause.
"You take a shower," John says, "then a shower, then a bath."
They don't talk much. It's... incredibly strange. They keep having to shuffle past each other, nearly silent, not touching, but feeling Sherlock's warm body so near to his body is—comforting, obscurely; steadying, somewhere deep down underneath. Then, while John is ducked under the spray, eyes closed, rinsing shampoo off his ears and his forehead, Sherlock says, very quietly, "You said you wanted to fling me into the shower and hose me off"; and John hesitates, and then ducks out from under the shower wiping water off his face, blinking up; and the yellowish bathroom light water-blurs for an instant and then vanishes, as Sherlock folds his palm over John's eyes: firm and wet.
"Yeah," he says, at last.
"When you started dating Paul," George says, "we spoke, then, a bit, about needing to be willing to be open with him about the aspects of your life that you weren't willing to compromise in a relationship with him, including your relationship with Sherlock."
Sherlock breathes. "I want": a click. Again, at the back of his throat. He says, "I want—every part of you," in wobbling, unsteady voice: looking up at John with his huge raw green eyes: pained, almost. The eyeliner is melting down towards his temple, on the right.
"It's all right," Sherlock says, quiet. His left hand wound up tight with John's right as Sherlock's right— "I've got you," he is saying, "
Sherlock, face tilting up. Beneath John's fingers his throat. "The sofa," Sherlock murmurs; and bubbling over John barks. Laughing out. His knees dug into the cushions their sweat his come saliva—
John takes a breath, long and slow, and walks, very steadily, back up the stairs, and into their flat.
"I Spy, then," John says; and Sherlock looks at him, then gives him a slow, deliberate smirk.
find it reassuring," says Sherlock, then shoots him a look and says, "which": very low.
John doesn't think it'd be a kindness to say what he's thinking, so he doesn't say anything at all.
new?" George prompts; and John sets his tea aside, and scrubs at his face, and sighs.
"None of us are seventeen," Sherlock says.
of Sherlocks had been this other person, a person who had—had kissed these good-looking expatriate Americans, possibly; or even gone to bed with them, within certain—constraints; or danced with them, in trendy overhot nightclubs because any Sherlock dancing is a sort of mental impossibility but John thinks that some Sherlocks,
"Yeah?" Sherlock's warm face, tucked near to John's face. His fingers— "Dangerous, that."
"—were saying," says Sherlock, rather stiffly, "that the gallery in question was closed."
Face tucked into his throat Sherlock breathes. Breathes. John's stomach clenching, feeling hot and stupid and sick.
shaking: John struggles up onto his elbows. "Sherlock," he says; but Sherlock shakes his head, violently; and then puts his mobile in his pocket; and then takes it out again; he sets it on the table between their chairs but he's shaking so hard that he drops it: "
Above him, Sherlock inhales. Slow and deep.
John drops his head back down, inhaling. Slow.
, Christ. John gives him a smack on the arse in retaliation on his way to the kettle, and Sherlock jerks, but gives John a hot-eyed look when John next looks over. John ducks his head, grinning, and takes out the cups; tea; milk and, for Sherlock, sugar. Sherlock steals the milk from him and whisks a dollop into the eggs with what John suspects is unnecessary vigor. John eyes him, the mixing bowl; then says, "Bread?" and turns back to the cupboard. When he hands the loaf over, Sherlock fishes out a slice and frowns: "Really ought to be older," he is saying, prodding the bread as he lays it out on the tea towel: another, another. "Stale. When'd you buy this?"
It sounds like he's reading it off a card: he cringes. At fifteen the worst thing that can happen to a boy is humiliation; but he isn't fifteen, is he, so he squares his jaw and stands his ground and Sherlock tilts his head, considering him, and for an instant, John can almost see it, not quite, nearly: not his coach, no, and not a worn-out academic, but—but the other sort, the sort that always turned up here and there; the sort of good-looking younger teacher who in retrospect probably
John's hands knot into fists. "You," he breathes, as clattering Sherlock digs about in his chest-of-drawers, "are a first-rate
"Well, I don't know that that's come up, yet," he says, and Sherlock turns heel and strides off into the museum, so that John has to trot to keep up.
"It's a bit like being a kid again," John says, "isn't it?"
twisting and insidious, his heart too loud palms damp and his charting half-undone all over his desk, still, when Natalie knocks on his door, propped half open, and then leans in to say, "It's coming up on seven—I've still got to file those, you know"; and "Fuck," John grinds out, and then grinds his eyes against the palms of his hands.
," a little uncertainly. Clearly not often—not recently, anyway.
"'Warmed up'," Sherlock echoes, quiet. "For what, precisely?"
, all the time."
"Yeah," John gasps, "
— "don't they?"
"Vic can be," Sherlock says, "fun," sounding—uncertain; and John laughs again, staring up at the ceiling, blind.
"Sorry," John says, and then sighs. "Christ, I'm sorry, Sherlock, I know you don't like to—"
"We've never even discussed it," Sherlock says, quiet; and John asks, "What do you think we're discussing right now?"
, I—fuck." Breathing in. Sherlock's hot sweaty beloved body tucked close, knee sliding up to press heavily against the back of John's knee, breathing out.
"Yes," Sherlock agrees, voice light. "It took me at least nine or ten months to start fantasizing about you coming down into my room and fucking me mercilessly across the duvet."
: safer, substantially more ridiculous, not any less accurate. When he'd closed the door on the landing behind him it was as though London—ended. Ceased to be; but then Sherlock was not home and with him the world outside burst back into its selfsame grungy, traffic-clogged life. John is living through a series of thoughts that feel like someone else's:
"Can't help it," John protests, stepping back and waving a hand.
nearly twice Sherlock's age, doing—doing whatever he wanted, no matter that it was illegal, no matter that it was illegal because of harm that could otherwise be done to children, and it—yes, it was a bad law, and an unfair law, and if I'd been sixteen in nineteen ninety bloody four I'd've shagged anyone who'd've had me, but
"You want me to put the stockings on you, I can do that," John says, quiet. Pressing closewarm and—holding. Holding him as close as he can. "We can do whatever you want."
at the chance to, to get me with my feet and wrists—"
He watches Sherlock's face. Blood seeping up his fair neck, and his cock still pressed between them: Sherlock rubs down the base of John's back.
in every way he can think: talking down infuriated witnesses, misleading the police; manning his guns keeping their books easing him into anything that frightens him; making him toast, and pasta, and too-sweet milky tea. John could moisturize Sherlock's long pale legs and clip his suspenders to his stockings. John could buckle him into cock rings, and not let him come. John could bare himself like this feeling foolish after a decade-plus in the army, after the end of one life that'd begun another that'd broken in the middle and then—
Plates. Forks. Glasses of water. He comes back into the kitchen for their tea.
He laughs. "Well," he says.
After a moment. John closes the photo. He ejects the drive. He unplugs it, then plugs it back in: but Sherlock was careful enough, then, for that: his password remains unsaved. But he would be that careful, with John, wouldn't he.
"Wait," John gasps, "
Plastic. The edges catch on John's thumb. Of course. The kind of stiff plastic wrapping that they put around things still in the store to keep them sealed, hygienically: of course. John is alone in their living room with an unused purple eyeliner in his hands with the safety wrapping still on, because
After a moment, Sherlock goes back to digging around in the spices.
John squares his shoulders, oddly braced: hand on the chair, the other bent up to hold his dressing gown up, arse bared, still smarting with a half-dozen hot-flushed stripes; it's not a position that lends itself to dignity.
"I'm still." Swallowing. "Fine, so—just," as he guides Sherlock into place.
"What more
Sherlock swallows. "I'll wake you," he says, quiet; and John touches his cheek. His chin.
. "Oh—fuck, that's not what I—" while her face is flushing and she's stepping back, saying something he barely registers while he is stammering out, "Sorry, sorry,
Sherlock is sitting forward on the sofa, his body turned, but when John kneels up and leans towards him he unbends. "All right?" John asks, brushing his fingertips over Sherlock's cheek; and up-down, up-down, Sherlock swallows and nods.
"After." John swallows. "After you—smack my arse for the neighbors, and whatnot."
"Can I get you anything else?" she asks.
like? I mean—"
"Yeah." Sherlock finishes washing the pepper, turns the taps off. "And—as you'd expect, I'd think—not being odd was rather a full-time job, for me."
Finally, John asks, "Can I kiss you?"
, at which—as Sherlock had enjoyed observing, publicly—he had received only a second. "Our sciences deputy chair—"
"Yeah." John swallows, drops his chin down to his chest. "Fuck."
—, over and over with his throat aching; thinking: until Sherlock barely knows how to let it matter to
Sherlock swallows: so close John can hear. Then moves: slow, so so slow, and John's body. Like a fire, in wind, slowly kindling up. Heart high in his throat, he pulls Sherlock's hand down. Fingers-on-fingers wet-sticky but—pressing his body into John's body while their—hands, pulling him—
Sherlock plaster-stuck allover pinnedinto him thump-thumping shivering to still-sitting kissing cradle-held sweat-stuck inside the tight-encircling ring of Sherlock's hot, clinging arms.
"It's just," John says. "Half my patients, about all I can do is prescribe them something about as handy as a bucket in a hurricane and then—refer them on. At least when I was—"
to get out of the flat, so John escorts her down to the café one street over and eats his eggs benedict and drinks two and a half cups of tea before she asks, "Sherlock being difficult today?"
Touching, at last. Softsoftsoft spicy skin on his tongue: Christ, he wants—he wants to suck, he needs—he presses his forehead to the inside of Sherlock's tender bare thigh and his thumb, rubbing over—all that satin-shivery skin while he—sucks soft soft soft on the pulse at the hinge of Sherlock's groin with above him Sherlock—breathing—
John's teeth, his own bottom lip: he strokes his thumb, light, across Sherlock's scant brown hair, and Sherlock moans, jerking his hips.
"I wouldn't've
"Of course," John says, smiling over at her, then, lower, asks Natalie, "Out?"
—he kneels up, bending down above him, kissing Sherlock's sternum. Throat. Mouth.
"Yeah." Sherlock swallows heavily, head thrown back: John's thumbs, he finds, are moving in circles: areola, hip. He curls his left hand on the duvet instead, and Sherlock lets out his breath. John's whole body feels heavy, mouth wet: he bends it down to Sherlock's solar plexus.
Sherlock keeps his eyes fixed steadily on John's face and says, "You ran"; and John bursts, "I just needed half a minute to not be treated like a fucking
John nods, hard. "Keep going," he says, rough, and shoves his toes against the sheets, pushing back.
"All right?" John asks, after a moment, and Sherlock takes a breath, and then—holds out John's tea.
He shakes his head.
In the dark Sherlock's mouth is careful and pliant, the sticky drag of his lips between licking at him soft and quick hot honey dripping down-down-down John's bones; and then Sherlock licks him firmer, longer, and John bites back a groan. Sherlock gets his hand around him and tongues up to his thumb and then back
"Weird?" Sherlock asks. His arms winding 'round John's middle. His chin, hopeful, tilting up.
"No, I'd better—." Sherlock stops. Swallows. "I'll be sick, if I just—"
and John'd jerked back, away and straightening, just in time for the stranger to say,
"Start at the top," John suggests, settling against him. "Work my way down."
John twists, rubs his forehead on the back of his hand. Sherlock's arm comes up 'round his ribs; face in his hair, breathing in. "I meant," John whispers, "you getting off on it."
"Because the
"Listen," he says. "Is Williamson here yet?"
John sighs. "Fine." He scrubs his hands over his face. "That's just—fine." He stands up, suddenly unhungry, and takes his plate into the kitchen. Scrapes his eggs and the rest of his toast into the bin.
Sherlock leans on him heavily the whole way up the stairs.
"Is it over?" Sherlock asks, closer; and John takes a slow, unsteady breath, and lifts up his head.
His door creaks open, and John slides his fingers back under the waistband of his bottoms. Touches: shivers, knees falling open; and Sherlock, barefoot, comes back into the room.
"It's easier when Sherlock cooks," John admits, "but I—I can feed myself, it's just never particularly good, that's all."
, thinks John, and says, "Yeah, it made me a
"It's almost three," John says.
John tucks his elbow over his face, breathing deep.
He makes chamomile instead of proper tea, even though Sherlock hates it, but John hardly thinks adding more caffeine to the mix at this point will be doing Sherlock any favors. He's stirring milk and honey into Sherlock's—a smidge protein; a handful of calories—when Sherlock comes into and stands just behind him and then presses his face down into John'd hair—John's throat—John's collar, and breathes in, and in, and in. His arms sliding tight around John's middle: John stares down into the swirl of milky sweet chamomile tea with his throat tightening up and his body—his
The afternoon ought to be just as unremarkable. But.
When Mycroft'd shown him Sherlock's financial arrangements, after the funeral, John mostly remembers feeling blank. He'd felt blank for ages, actually. There was a hole in the middle of 2012 into which all sorts of things had fallen, never to be seen or heard from again, and it wasn't until around December or January that it John really'd started to dig himself out, and once he'd really begun to do so most of what John felt was angry. Sherlock—no doubt with Mycroft's collaboration—had set up some sort of convoluted mechanism wherein the Holmes trust, because of course there was a trust, not only transferred Sherlock's interest to John for the duration of John's life but, separately, continued automatically paying full rent on both 221B and 221C to Mrs. Hudson so long as she kept John's name on the lease. In retrospect, it'd not only become clear that the involvement of 221C—where it turned out Mycroft had stored all Sherlock's things and, in fact, and infuriatingly, Sherlock himself had in fact
," John gasps, heart surging: beneath him twisting Sherlock makes that awful torn-open sound again, and then sucks in a gasping panicked ragged-edged breath arching—and John is already sliding up to his knees wanting—to, to get, to give, to hold him tight let him space if he needs—his hands still helpless reaching for Sherlock's face his shoulders, for—for anything, his discarded boxers, wiping at his own lube-sticky hands while Sherlock is moving in jerks: coiling—up over away from him—pulling them
It has a strange, unspooling sort of an effect on the day. The sun has finished going down: John knows because the twilight through the windows has turned to streetlights; and ages must've passed, really, by the scraped-hot feeling of the skin around his mouth and the sweat-sticky nooks of his elbows and knees. They're barely moving: just the occasional microscopic shift of nose or mouth or chin in the togetherish  space at the borders of their faces. Sherlock's palm making glacier-slow circles around the small of John's back. John's fingers slipping between the strands of Sherlock's thick, soft hair.
"But..." Sherlock prompts.
"I'd—it'd be entirely different if it'd been—another boy," John says, and then swallows. "Another—Christ."
Sherlock is still for a moment, then shrugs. "Foil." His voice is light. "I wanted to do epée as well but—well."
Trapped behind the wheel of the most uncomfortable car in England, and the ferry not yet come in, indirect questioning feels even more pointless than usual.
"Better?" Sherlock repeats. Nuzzling-soft: held against him John swallows.
John shifts, hand stilling. "Hm?"
, and then pulls back so that leaden feet and pasta arms John can struggle to turn himself around. Door cool on his face. Thighs to Sherlock and his hands: John gets his forearms up flat. His legs can barely hold him up. But then Sherlock again pressed up closetight behind him cock sticky-tipped and hard against John's arse, rubbing his nose down John's hairline, ear to nape, pressing himself tight to John's back; John squirms. Sherlock bites at the back of his neck, and John inhales. Coiled up. Spring tight.
Sherlock curls their fingers together. "I am, aren't I." Murmured into the side of John's neck.
you, not—not for
"Is that." Sherlock swallows. "All right."
John nods.
I'm only very loosely familiar with historical queer rights organizations in the UK, but
—blinking hard heart pounding John jerks back, asks, "Can I.
Sherlock breathing out against-into him.
Startled, John snorts.
"I broke the rules," John says, because he must've broken the rules, mustn't he? but then Sherlock says, "I want you to tell me," and John can't help the look he shoots him. His face feels exasperated—he
"Does it help, at all," he asks, finally, somehow.
, says George; and John lets out a breath he didn't really realize he was holding.
"Oh, of
Sherlock rubs his nose against John's cheek. "Feels a bit," he whispers.
"So." John rubs at the base of Sherlock's lightly fuzzed abdomen, careful with his hands: Sherlock pushes his hips up, breathing deep, and John's knuckles bump the underside of his erection.
"Solving the perpetual conundrum of friction," John says. "Hand, please."
it; is burning, half sick with longing for it—
"Flooding," John says, thick; and Sherlock pets at his hair. Breathless, says: "Mrs. Hudson has excellent insurance."
John is trembling. He is becoming acutely aware that he is drenched with sweat. Sherlock's breath is coming in wet cooling puffs on his shoulder, panting, open-mouthed, pressed everywhere tight together so that their skin slips and Sherlock's pulse batters John's body. John strokes his own cock, just barely. Gasps.
him while Sherlock mouths at his neck and tugs him off firm and slow and steady. His fingers are long and sure and—and
Sherlock pulls out, very slowly. He isn't—careless, or rough: he can't—he clearly can't bring himself to let John hold his hand or touch his mouth or just—fuck, fuck,
John swallows.
John takes a breath. Unfolds his fingers. Touches the edge of Sherlock's hairline, just beside his stitches; and then. Strokes. Down. Curling his knuckles up against Sherlock's cheek; and Sherlock turns his face down.
Voice steady: reasonably enough, he thinks, John says, "He was a thing that you chose"; and fast, impulsively, Sherlock says, "
"And in the fridge we've got..." Sherlock yanks open the fridge, rather harder than necessary. "One egg, a half an onion, the last of the Thai from—was that last week?"
Sherlock doesn't answer.
John exhales, hot on hot skin. "Yeah?"
Sherlock murmurs, "Should wash that out, before we head back."
John says, "Given your reluctance to," and then stops. Hesitates, still uncomfortable: holding it in his mouth.
Sherlock presses the whole of his body against him, cock burning against John's skin in the gap of their yanked-open trousers and shoved-down pants. Sherlock's face pressed to John's temple, with John's hands on his arse—
Sherlock's eyes crinkle up. "Well, I think so," he agrees.
, but I don't think he knows what he wants, really, because he's too busy thinking about what
. John doesn't think the order much matters, anyway. Which time, exactly, Sherlock had misspelled "delete". Even without his texts John can still remember arguing about the Samsung and Mr Flap and Sherlock telling him,
"Tea?" John asks, and Sherlock nods, so he sets to it: the familiar, trivial comfort of the weight of the kettle and the curve of the cups and the bone-deep knowledge of how much sugar to stir in to get it just how Sherlock likes it (disgusting, he means): the bittersweet pang of all the love letters John feels like they've spent all year writing, in languages neither of them quite understands. When Sherlock'd come back in November he'd broken into John's flat nearly every day for three weeks, making him and Omar vats of pasta puttanesca; and stacks of sandwiches, wrapped in paper for work; and eggs benedict because he knew it was John's favorite, when it was made properly, which it hardly ever was: as though the reason John hadn't moved back in was that he'd thought he wouldn't be properly fed. Omar didn't eat ham, and his fiancée—another fellow at LSE—had taken an almost comical degree of umbrage over the sandwiches, and then one night John'd wound up lying on the sofa in 221B holding a towel of ice to his bloodied nose while Sherlock, uncharacteristically meticulous, checked over and reloaded John's gun, and then John'd said,
we kiss until
"I need you to take over for a minute," John says, tongue thick, and Sherlock makes a little raw noise but he puts all his long fingers in John's mouth and John gasps and sucks at them, fucks his fingers into Sherlock's warm loose opening body in time with his mouth thick and slippery with bitter-viscous lube and then pulls off, bends down to give Sherlock a quick, hard kiss and drags back, Sherlock straining up after him—John puts his palm hard on Sherlock's shoulder, presses down.
"John," says Sherlock, miserably.
, and that means that John winds up going straight from the surgery—late, because Marcus somehow managed to make the patients John had booked up 'til six run nearly to eight, of
And a breath.
different, still
Long still-sticky hands up under the shirt rucked up 'round his ribs—
John nods. All right. He sits, slides his legs in under the covers. Leaves space. It takes Sherlock a second to crawl in after him. John touches his face, his chest, slides his arms around Sherlock's bare back:
"Please," John whispers. Helpless. "Please."
letting show the bottom half of Sherlock's birthday, everything else tucked away underneath.
The shower is streaming over Sherlock's back, warmth rising around them in a thick wet mist, John prickling up all over—not cold, he thinks, strangely anxious, throat tight; not cold.
The good (?) news is is that this chapter is super super long, which is part of why it took me forever, but after this we should be returning to more normal chapter lengths and the previous, if only briefly instituted, biweekly Sunday posting schedule. In that vein,
, he is thinking, aimless and unsettled;
Dizzy, John laughs. Absurd. "Jealous?" he manages,
Beneath him, Sherlock shifts; and every nerve in John's body screams in unison: "
He sounds so disconsolate that John has to laugh, pulling back enough to kiss him over and over all over his red throat and mouth and jaw. Sherlock tries to scowl at him, but he looks too sheepish to quite pull it off; John just flattens his palms on his cheeks and holds him still for kiss after kiss after kiss.
John nods. "Then there's always lugging bloody great bags full of small arms over from the continent," he finishes, and Sherlock's eyes crinkle up at the corners.
John presses his face to the sheets, cool and dark. Hopes Sherlock's not taking video, or anything, of John with his heart still thumping out to his fingertips, knees spread, his bare arse jutting up towards the sky. His gravity shifts when Sherlock comes back up onto the mattress. Pets up the back of John's thighs as he settles between them, tucks his folded knees underneath. John swallows. Prickling—rubs his face into the sheets, breathing deep, as Sherlock eases his arse apart.
He stops, abrupt. His blush is fading splotchily: it's unflattering. Graceless. John wants him in his mouth.
John brushes their mouths together. Sherlock breathes: soft.
"Would you let me?" John whispers; and Sherlock, unsteady, says, "Yes."
Sherlock gives a little jerky nod. Drags John up higher onto the rise of his bent legs then eases the toy out of him in an agonizing ecstatic drag—another—another, leaving him so hollow it hurts. Aching all over and empty John sparkling watches Sherlock slick up his fingers and breathes. Breathes. Breathes. "You want me to fuck you like that," Sherlock is asking, "both holes, until you come?"
," he says, low and tight; and Sherlock's eyes flick down to his and then lock: blue-green and yellow and
, is there? Not—not as girls, not as anyone, not the two of them in 2012 or 2010 or nineteen ninety—what? 1994, would it be, that Sherlock was seventeen? No—'93. John stares up through the reddening darkness of his eyelids at—Christ, he hadn't—
. "We'll have to replace it," John says, "if we ever move out."
"For the weight?" John asks, but it takes a minute for Sherlock to nod.
John inhales and steps towards the door. "I know," Sherlock is saying, the other side. "Me, too."
Later John says, "I'd suggest we play again, but," and then laughs.
Sherlock's ears are getting pinker. "Well," he says, smiling, "I endeavor to give satisfaction."
"Have you talked about this with him?" George asks; and John laughs, ragged, and shakes his head.
"But it still feels." John reaches for his tea. "A bit awful of me, I suppose."
His en suite's a different shape from the bathroom upstairs—long and narrow, no tub—so Sherlock barely has to take a half-step away from John to flip the lid down and then sit, his knees apart nearly touching the wall opposite with his long hands on top. John fills the sink, sets the shaving foam down by the razor, then sidles over in between Sherlock's long bare thighs, refastening the towel so it doesn't keep trying to slide off his hips.
"And b-begging," Sherlock says, from the kitchen behind him, and then stops. Voice cracked.
"You could manage it," Sherlock says, very quietly.
"I shouldn't treat you like that," Sherlock says.
After a moment, Sherlock nods. Lifts his head.
; and then bent enough to kiss her, at eleven minutes before ten in the morning, on the ninth of June, 2013.
"I know," he says. Touching him John says, "Me, too."
, I don't, I don't want to p-push you, I
From when they had been—
before he got his height or had had to shave, all vast seaglass eyes in a pretty girlish face and the skinny elfin confines of his little-boy's body, topped with a moppish head of auburn-black curls, and
In the kitchen at home Sherlock has made bangers and mash, duck à l'orange, and fried rice; then buggered off God only knows where with two of the windows left open and just shoved all the pans in the fridge. The fried rice is about two-thirds jalapeños: John scrapes it into the bin. He eats half the duck, though, sitting in the wet cool breeze from the windows with Sherlock's chair pulled closer so he can put his feet up, because there's a half a staged murder with a lightly singed mannequin currently occupying the ottoman.
Sherlock turns into him, presses close. Forehead. Mouth.
John's heart: thu-thump, thu-thump. He feels like all the straining-surging parts of himself are flying out of his body: wild, unreined. "I've not got your sorts of limits, you know," John says. "Nothing to stop me." Face heating up even before he says it: "I could've ridden him until he came"; and Sherlock's hands drop down to his lap.
Sherlock hunches down into his crossed arms, curving spine. "What do you mean?"
"So not on the blog," Natalie says, mouth quirking.
, and beating,
we've got wrong."
Instead, he grabs his duvet. He goes back downstairs. He moves his wet tangled sheets out of the washer and crams in the duvet before setting out his sheets to dry: it'll take ages, in this weather; and the bed in Sherlock's room doesn't take the same size sheets as John's double: no help for it, then, is there. Is there? John strips Sherlock's bed down to the mattress protector, leaves the sheets beside the washer, and then digs out Sherlock's spare set and gets to making it up again. He's halfway through straightening the top sheet out when Sherlock comes down, damp-haired, collar open. Sherlock tosses his overnight bag into a corner to help John tug the duvet straight, and then together in silence they do his hospital corners.
"Nine," Holmes murmurs, and then—then puts—puts his hand—
They'd hardly talked about Sherlock at all, for a while.
"Oh, shut up," Sherlock tells him, but the corner of his mouth is twitching, pulling—up—; "Oh, so you remember, then," John says, "Something about... let's see, pots, maybe?" as Sherlock bumps his body into him, "And—hey! Knife!"; half-laughing, "Careful!"; while Sherlock jabs his pointy elbow in against John's ribs, stilling John's knife with a hand on his wrist. Pressed up against him, feet tangled with his feet.
But that. This vocabulary. The language that would become their language that had been new, even, to John, in November of 2014: it had not seemed new for Sherlock. Not at all. In the long silence after John offered his sofa and then regretted it, Sherlock, quiet, had said,
"With—I mean, with a friend," John asks. Swallowing. "With Vic, maybe."
I'd be back before the funeral," crawling, "not—not spending twenty-nine months bound up with Mycroft's entire bloody organization,"
"Yeah." John swallows. "Fuck."
. John laughs and says, "If this is where you've planned to tell me that this is why you've been fucking me—," and darting dark-eyed Sherlock shoves up tight-close-hot against him mouth open—
"Yeah, but let's not take that as our model, all right?"
as the police lights fall in faint blue fingers between the amber streetlights with Sherlock wet and getting wetter in the salt-slicked hollowness of John's wet mouth—John's kneecaps pressed asphalt into patterns through the wet of his jeans with Sherlock's hand on his wrist and his cock down his throat while the zip on his trousers cuts into John's chin and tomorrow, John'll be fucked hoarse and raw with him, feel him on every word, wants to swallow him up drink him down, pin his wrists to the wall and hold him shivering and moaning while he—jerks, and—
"There's never anything in the fan mail from the website," John says; and Sherlock says, "No, there's never anything
—John sinks his weight into his heels.
The full significance of Sherlock's invocation of the mysterious case of the Chelsea mother of three doesn't become apparent until Thursday, when, having spent all of Wednesday evening alone in the flat, feeling itchy and peculiar for no reason he could pin down, then waking up to perfect quiet and his laptop exactly as he left it in the living room and Sherlock's bedroom door still cracked open a careful five degrees, John finally puts two and two together: Dodson's in Manchester, and Sherlock hates Manchester in that particular way that means that whenever he goes up he at least stays the night, just so he'll have something to properly complain about when he gets back.
"And I—I have
Sherlock touches John's cheek. His throat.
John whines. Pinned. Red-hot blood seeping out through his tissue-paper skin as he squirms—
John stops, swallowing, swallowing. Rubbing at his wet face.
," John points out, "I mean, I did think she was
John nods. "And you never collected," he says, "did you."
After a moment, Sherlock says, "That's funny."
. Throat closing up.
Sherlock cranes his neck to look down at him, in full chin. "I thought you were going for water."
shoved down your throat?" he asks. Doesn't even have to try for it to sound cruel. "I thought I came in here to have you blow my mind."
"Sewell has had allergies and serious asthma since he was a student," Sherlock says. "Serious enough that even his department head knew about it."
Breathes.
"Yeah," Sherlock says; and then breathes—breathes: too loud. "I don't—I've never liked it," he says, "I always—I think, I think about it, I w-want it so badly, but then—"; and heavy-throated against him John nods.
, like ripping like tearing like claws,
John nudges his nose against him. Kisses his hairline. Waits.
Outside—
"Are you concerned that he's using sex to self-harm?" George asks; and John takes a long, slow breath.
"Do you think he's afraid of hurting you?" George asks.
"Please," says Mycroft. "Let us terminate this line of discussion immediately."
"Oh, Michael's's been negotiating a merger," Brian says, "as far as I can tell it's more fractious than most of the divorces he gets." Then he eyes John up and down—chin tilted up, of course, to lazily slant his eyes half-shut—and adds, "Just this side of too civilized for murder"; and loathing washes over John in a resigned, familiar wave. Watching him, Brian's lips curl, as always; perpetually amused, as always; looking down at John from his extra half-head of height, and always seeing someone else.
"I think you're beautiful, too, you know," Sherlock says, very quietly, from nowhere; and crouching above him John closes his eyes.
John nods. Goes into the kitchen to start the kettle. Comes back out to toe off his shoes, empty his pockets on the crowded side table between their armchairs; Sherlock watches him, still standing by the table, half-held up by the back of one chair. "Could you manage toast?" John asks.
Sherlock turns back to the suit jacket on its hanger on the handle of the wardrobe and John's feet drag on the floor towards him, towards him; towards him to watch him go out into the kitchen, towards him glancing back to look at John where he stands with his hand on the doorjamb to hold him in place and the dressing gown hanging around him, open; as Sherlock walks sliding himself into the jacket: one hand into one sleeve and then another into another and facing away while John's right hand goes white on the wood. In the living room Sherlock pockets his wallet from the table between their chairs; a handful of coins, mostly John's; his key; and then Sherlock lifts his head and turns back to look at John full on: having to physically hold himself still in the doorway to Sherlock's bedroom, watching like Sherlock's going to war. Absurd: John has been to war; no one watched like that. Out of all proportion to a Tuesday.
; and Sherlock had looked him in the eye and said,
John likes Sherlock's legs. They're wiry and a little fuzzy and they go on for a long time. They're not like any other legs John's got to lie about petting, really. They're also attached to Sherlock, who is lying crammed under-beside him into John's underused bath, breathing slow-steady into John's open mouth. He seems—happy, almost. John curls his thumb over the top of his thigh, brushing; and Sherlock makes a soft, indeterminate noise.
"He was Composition, wasn't he?" Sherlock nods. "Well then," John says. "I missed that interview."
Shocked. Startling, somehow: such a confession from Sherlock's soft lovely grave face; "I," John says, and then stops. Queerly aware of his heartbeat, he licks across his dry mouth. He asks, "You—when
"This is." John swallows. "Lovely."
," and Sherlock makes a low, guttural noise and yanks his fingers out,
"Fuck," Sherlock gasps, hips twitching; and then he
, John thinks, and then presses closer to kiss his temple. "In that case, full marks," he says, very quietly; and Sherlock gives a short, barking laugh; and John pets the pads of his fingers up Sherlock's long, hot throat.
"Yeah," he says, finally, "a switch could work"; and Sherlock squeezes his arm tighter around John's middle, and tucks his face down against John's throat.
Another, less familiar sort of a pause: "Now why," Mycroft murmurs, "might you be asking me about Lucy Matley?"
George hums. "I didn't really have a point," he says. "But would that bother him, do you think?"
; to which John hadn't replied: because that
Sherlock breathes. Breathes: soft soft John kisses him and "Simon says," says Sherlock, mouth twisting and lopsided; and nuzzling John nods: soft, so soft, so soft and—and glowing, everywhere. Sparks between them, everywhere they touch: Sherlock shivers, and John pulls him closer. Tight.
Sherlock straightens: head up, shoulders back. "No," he says, and then turns away to grab his overnight bag.
"I don't know." Sherlock swings his arms, hopping up. The lamp on the side table rattles against his unsteady-scrambling feet. "Bank fraud. Steal a car."
"—catch him?" Natalie asks, and John jumps. "Sorry." She smiles, Rhoda just past her with her handbag on Nat's desk, digging about for her keys.
Sherlock nods, and John curls his fingers on Sherlock's warm bare side. Sherlock props himself on his elbow and reaches over John's body, so John twists, feeling an awkward pull in his neck as he cranes himself halfway around to watch Sherlock rummage about in his box.
want, and yes,
"No," he says quietly, "it isn't"; and she nods, and leans back, and polishes off her wine.
Panting underneath him. Staring up still halfway inside him, between John's trembling braced thighs. John wants— "I want," he gasps, "I want to—God, I can't—but I said—" thighs twitching and under him Sherlock's mouth eyes cheekbones soften his fair-close lovely hot face and John can't, can't hold, can't stand it; so Sherlock does it for him: mouth soft meeting his mouth as slow, slow, slow, Sherlock pulls himself out.
John laughs. "So what, you just—lie here barely touching yourself while I—I—"
—I want you to, I
John licks his bottom lip. "Are things getting weird," he asks, "between us?"
"So," Sherlock says, and then. Sips his tea.
—and John grabs, grabs at him: hand to his hair too short, drags Sherlock's hand down to his chest: arching his back pushing his pectorals up into Sherlock's long hands sprawling fingers while John shoves his hands down the back of Sherlock's trousers, grabs and squeezes: tongue in Sherlock's soft rubbed-hot mouth while Sherlock groans as John pulls his arsecheeks apart. Stumbling: "Do it," John gasps, then groans, jaw open,
"That was all right," Sherlock says at last, very close. John's thumb on his jaw, petting up-down, up-down.
Sherlock pauses. Finishes chewing. Swallows. "Yes," he says. It sounds like he doesn't know what it means.
it, or—or did he actually—
Sherlock gives him a little smile, half quirked up. "Finish that and come up here and kiss me," he says. "That's tight enough."
John grins and reaches for his laptop, props it up on his pillow to click over to XTube. Messages him a link.
John licks across his bottom lip.
and then:
John stops. His face is burning, scalded scarlet, but he can't—
So John gets out a second glass. So he pours their wine and lays the table and drinks half his glass and by then Sherlock's finished fussing and says, "I'm not at all sure about the orange zest," so John figures he ought to top up his wine. The pasta, naturally, turns out to be delicious, especially the orange zest. John has double helpings and most of the wine, which turns out to be worth what he paid for it. Surprising. Also surprising: Sherlock actually drinks his—or, well, most of it; two-thirds of it; fidgeting with the stem in between sips and discoursing (his volume jerking up in in a series of odd hitches of misplaced emphasis) on the prevalence of agricultural fraud in the EU as he slowly grows flushed across the tops of his cheeks.
"Please," Sherlock whispers, "please." John's mouth is not quite level with his shoulder. This time when John presses them together top to bottom, Sherlock shivers, and presses back.
, John"; both of them bending forward, laughing until tears stream down John's cheeks.
," he says, throat tight. "He's—fuck."
"You want me to keep twisting this in you," Sherlock murmurs, pressing at the toy, "until there's room."
That feeling. John with his arms around Sherlock's middle and Sherlock with his palm on the back of John's scarred shoulder and their foreheads together then their mouths. In May they'd spent the bank holiday weekend trudging about Moray looking for a trio of sixth-form boys who'd gone missing from a trio of separate schools; Sherlock pink-cheeked and delighted by the fact that a cool ten million pounds of art had gone missing from Balmoral at just the same time, John left mute and resentful by Sherlock's deliriously overjoyed speculation about the budding criminal careers and depraved sexual omnivorousness of gay polyamorous Scottish schoolboys; —but the stars. They'd been—unbearable, almost. An embarrassing abundance, like a ship full of suns had been cracked open (icebergs) and all its cargo had just—cascaded forth. Walking through the woods beside Sherlock, John—hunched-shouldered and tense, with his hands stuffed in his pockets—had spent a lot of time looking up, more or less certain that Sherlock had everything of importance covered on the ground. The memory is a different sort of achy, now: has it been even two months?
"We're not having a thirty second shag in the shower," John says. It comes out annoyingly uncertain. "I'm getting you clean."
, I can—I can feel it when you—"; and beneath him Sherlock takes a deep, shaky, wet breath.
"We'll try to keep Marcus from burning the place down," John tells her, and she laughs.
Sherlock gives a little, amused sort of huff. "Rebecca ever try them on you?" He opens one clip, lets it snap closed.
, just to make entirely certain that when it comes to the point of, everyone'll have to turn around to look at him; and sure enough, as soon as the boy calls for questions Vaughan's on his feet, full professorial projection and all, '
John's mouth.
At his left Sherlock's face angled down angles up for an instant, so that he can take a sip of his tea.
It comes out low, rough and honest; and John says, "So take me with you, next time."
" as John kisses him: starvingly hard. Licking up into him Sherlock groans, and John's heart is pounding-pounding-pounding, kneeling fucking his, his vibrator—that hard humming purple cock from—Sherlock's own long clever fingers stroking deep into Sherlock's body while John is giving—giving him his own warm wettight cunt for him to fuck into so Sherlock can—moaning—
. Addressing no one: chanting
—," and then pulls a palm tight against Sherlock's belly while Sherlock squirms back against his body, sweat breaking out across John's shoulders, the spray falling on half of him rinsing it off down into the groove of his spine.
; and then:
; moaning-gasping-moans, "
"He saw more of you," John says, quiet.
He pauses.
, weeks later, John'd said,
"No." He sighs again. "Fuck."
Unnecessarily, Sherlock adds, "The eyeliner, I mean."
John sets his laptop case down beside the sofa. "Tea?" he asks.
John raises an eyebrow at him, but Sherlock rolls his eyes.
"Yes," Mycroft concedes, "and when it comes to keeping miscreants out of her office, what
"I think I could manage that, yeah," he says, at last.
. Sherlock doesn't reply at all.
What he must see.
"He's a
(See the end of the chapter for
for ages. He'd always thought it was because of Sherlock's tendency to forget about bathing entirely during certain weeks: surely an extra several days of accumulated filth just takes longer to scrub off. But yesterday morning Sherlock'd still spent thirty-seven minutes washing, and that after at least forty-five on Sunday afternoon, just before they'd left. It'd be tempting, perhaps, to just assume he's been running them cold to keep himself in check, but John'd showered just after him, yesterday, the mirror thick with steam and every crack in the tiles crowded with the warm, damp aroma of Sherlock's body and shaving cream and shampoo. John breathes in, deep, gives himself a tug or two, light. He knows Sherlock. He doesn't think Sherlock's one to slap himself out of it with something quick and unpleasant and harsh. He thinks that yesterday morning Sherlock probably trotted off to the bathroom with his cock heavy and hard and then soaped himself up quite carefully all over, rubbed the foam all over his feet and his ankles and his narrowly muscled calves, up his thighs and over his lovely round bottom and probably quite carefully all over in and out of the crack of his arse, over the planes of his stomach and his chest and in slow, shivering circles all around the little hard berries of his nipples; breathing carefully, through his open mouth. Probably right now Sherlock is doing something very like: massaging shampoo into his scalp with his eyes closed and his lips parted, thinking about—about what? About John's hands in his hair? John could put his hands in Sherlock's hair. John wonders if Sherlock thinks about him through the whole thing, all the places John's had his mouth, when he's washing his feet or his thighs or his arse; if he is rubbing soap into his navel thinking about John's tongue. Sherlock could run his hands over his stomach, his hips, thinking about—about John's hands on them, mouth on them, kneeling between his thighs with his mouth around him, Sherlock fucking into his throat, or light in his mouth, teasing, thick and salty, leaking all over the insides of his cheeks—
"I'm not great at knowing when I ought to tell him no," he says, finally. "And that's—a thing I've talked about with you before, isn't it." He sighs, then says, "Quite aside from anything to do with anyone's genitals," low and wry.
After a moment, "You don't masturbate," John repeats, "to orgasm."
John breathing hard hold still tightening his arms around him. Tight.
track him," John says, nodding, "not constantly, perhaps, but often enough that he's got to be careful what he does, because you might be watching?"
Just breathe.
"You could fuck me," Sherlock says, rather sleepily, "if you wanted."
John twists, stretching out across the sink to get it, forgotten at the far side. Sherlock puts a hand on the side of his belly to steady him—unnecessary, but.
"If you want me to move," John says steadily, "so that you can see—"
Sherlock exhales. John rubs at his hip, licks at the head of his cock, looks down at him; and Sherlock jerks his head in a hard, restless nod so John draws him back in. Sherlock's knee twitches up, so John pushes him down, holds his canted hips still with two hard hands and, lips and tongue, works his leaking-salty prick wet and messy with Sherlock's body twisted up face turned down mouth empty as he moans.
"Yeah," John says, forcing himself: gentle. Gentle.
watching you do everything beautifully in lab, licking your lip when you're thinking and, and shifting, your weight, your—hips, and—and your h-
," John says, as Sherlock is gathering himself up, shoulders tightening, looking ever more like a cat finding itself unexpectedly in a toilet, "I kept telling myself that you—you'd done it like that to make me angry, so I wouldn't come after you, you just needed some time—
, fuck him. John smiles. "Of solving crime?"
, in two thousand bloody twelve, if you'd said you wanted me to go upstairs and take all my clothes off and lie down with you in my bed and kiss for hours and hours, I would've done it, Sherlock."
at various points before finally revealing himself to John and the rest of his disgruntled supporting cast—had been a clue that John'd been a fool of the absolute first order to ignore; it had also become nearly shamefully obvious the degree to which all of these arrangements had been structured so as to make it easy for Sherlock to ultimately return. But at the time, back when Sherlock was dead, what it'd meant was that some time in 2013 John'd found himself one morning making a solitary cup of tea in a kitchen where he didn't dare turn his head lest he catch sight of Sherlock's hollow empty bedroom behind Sherlock's quietly closed door; and then realized that it didn't matter about the money; that John simply couldn't live there anymore. Then he'd spent an agonizing eighteen months bouncing from dreary flat to dreary flat where he'd barely unpacked his bags and paid the rent with money that wasn't his before he'd finally let himself back into Baker Street with the key he'd never taken off his key ring, drunk about a pint of whiskey on an empty stomach, and then had an absolutely massive howling breakdown on the floor of Sherlock's abandoned bedroom. It hadn't been a particularly bright period in John's life. When Sherlock'd come back it hadn't felt like Dorothy stepping into Oz, the world suddenly and beautifully rolling out around her in color. It'd felt like they'd turned the oxygen back on.
, he wasn't, he
He stops. "I want to do everything like this," John tells him, and Sherlock makes a low hot sound and pushes up pressing his body tight against him, his bra and his erection and his stockings and around his long lovely thighs the knotted-up blue neckties that Sherlock gave him and John pulls him down onto the duvet still kissing, touching—touching his back and his arse and the edges of his knickers and rolling him up so Sherlock can suck a hot wet kiss onto his throat and John can stroke his hands through Sherlock's thick, soft hair: Christ. Christ. His heart is racing. He could—do anything. He could—could ride Sherlock's thigh, shuddering into him until—. He could stick his fingers—he slips his thumb just up under the bra's elastic, petting along one hot rib: Sherlock shivers all over and moans. "Can I," John asks, petting—
"I didn't know," Sherlock explains, blurting: too fast all at once, "I didn't—it'd been—a while, and I didn't—I didn't know how much I'd like it," his voice dropping with every word, half-lost on the 'T.'
Sherlock swallows, but nods again. Lets John slide back, the buckles on the suspender belt scraping against the duvet. Peculiar: John'd half forgotten. Silly, it seems—absurd, really; but John tugs at Sherlock by the hand and Sherlock follows him all the way onto the mattress, red-faced and clumsy; and "All right?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock blinks hard red-mouthed twice and then—and then slides his fingers under the strap along the outside of John's left thigh. Pulling. Silent, dark-eyed. John hesitates, he'd not been—and then lifts his knee up, foot sliding out: "Do you want to—" he asks, uncertainly; but Sherlock is already reaching up for the lube.
"But you're still having sex," George confirms, and John swallows.
Sherlock takes a fast, harsh breath; and "Sherlock," John says, quiet.
"All right?" Sherlock asks.
"Oh, well," Sherlock says, rueful, "thanks"; as John reaches up to towel off his hair. It sticks up all over while John dries his face, his shoulders, the back of his neck. His armpits. His chest. His back and arse and thighs, when he turns 'round: "Is it really dreadful," Sherlock is asking, a low buzz in his ribs under the towel under John's hands. His hair is already starting to curl, a bit, at the ends.
John to and dizzy with hunger John curls his tongue under, pushing—in. Tugging Sherlock's too-tight little knickers up and—aside so he is probably—probably spilling out over the front from trying to rub his prick against John's crumpled sweaty duvet while John wriggles up closerclosercloser and then gives him a kiss. Half-catching—lube, musky dark-tasting skin, taut elastic: Sherlock, shuddering, moans. With the wet of John's tongue the lube is getting slippery again and John could almost—but Sherlock asked him to kiss him so John kisses him, open-mouthed and hungry; licks at his edges and upinto and
"No," he says, unsteady; and then turning sucks in a breath. "No,
—" —quick jackknifing
"Later," he says. He swallows: his loosening throat. "I want to come with your hand inside me," he says, steadied; and against him Sherlock shivers. Pulls him close.
"Probably wouldn't've what?" Holmes asks, velvety.
Amsterdam, then"; and slowly, slowly, the smile slips off Sherlock's face. At the end he nods. Hunches down over his plate.
"An oversight," Sherlock says, so John stops.
John straightens up. Fumbles with his towel, pulling it off then wrapping it tight 'round his hips and folding the edge so it'll stay where he puts it: all the while saying, "Fuck you," very low: "I'm not playing this game anymore, Sherlock, it's cruel to me and it's sodding
True enough. Almost certainly.
John shouldn't've, he shouldn't be so and so carefully over and over he hits delete. Delete. Delete.
Sherlock's fingers are very gentle. Soft circles: lower, lower. "Hurts?" he asks, and John breathes damp cotton. He can taste, very faintly, the days-old memory of Sherlock's skin. "John," Sherlock says. "Does it hurt?"
Sherlock whines, arching. Up: John swallows, his sodden slickening mouth. He curls out his tongue just to—just to
, and then gone. Sherlock's piercing snow-bright eyes.
It stretches. Pulled out everywhere all around them to the horizon, blanketing. Like water, or. Or sleep.
—have it, I—"
, blue and amber, wet all over his—cheek and jaw and his mouth with his hands knotted up in wool-cotton-wool as Sherlock gasps—pants—gasping into him and kissing-kissing-kissing John wants, John
"When, precisely?" he asks.
"I love you," John says. It feels like tossing out—a battered old buoy, a pool float in a storm, a fast-running-out line into the darkness of the ocean; as he watches the far-away rise-and-fall, rise-and-fall of Sherlock's lovely, aching double swallow, before quietly he says, "I love you too."
Swallowing. Still feeling—John asks, "Want to go a little more?" and Sherlock breathes, "Yeah," quiet. John licks at his fingers, and Sherlock's breath catches. "Good," Sherlock murmurs, and John shivers all over while Sherlock trails his wet hand down to cup John's cock, pet  his balls. John swallows, rubbing Sherlock's hip behind his body before reaching down to hold Sherlock's cock still—
Sherlock hadn't gone to Oxford. Raised nearby, but he'd gone to Cambridge, John knows; he doesn't think it a coincidence. "University boy?" John asks.
," John says, very slowly, and holds up the soap: "now that I've got you here I find I'd prefer a more hands-on approach," and Sherlock's face cracks open, flushed pink and smiling awkwardly, too wide, true; so John steps back up against him and kisses the hinge of his jaw, and then goes back to lathering up his underarms, brisk and industrious. Working the foam down his long pink sides, not noticing anything at all.
," Sherlock gasps, "I'm sorry, I—" and then sobs, while John pulls him closer and tighter whispering
"Seven," Sherlock says, breathless.
"Tosser," John says, warm with affection, while Sherlock cranes his neck up to lick up under John's chin.
John gasps.
John's heart works: thu-thump. Thu-thump.
(Then, Sherlock had said, "I need to stay downstairs tonight"; and John's breath had caught.
"Surely you've noticed," Sherlock murmurs, between kisses, "that I'm a bit weird," (and another—, another—) "about giving up control";
"I meant—before that," Sherlock says, finally, some time later; and then brushes his hand over the still-hot bottom swell of John's arse.
Sherlock licks at the corner of his mouth. "Three," he says. Roughed up. John presses up onto his elbow and brushes against Sherlock's lashes with his closed lips, and Sherlock inhales. "That's." Clears his throat. "Strange, it—" and with a strange unaccountable sensation inside him John opens his mouth.
So now John is thinking about it.
Sherlock's fingertips, sliding up his spine. John shivers, and presses their faces together. The kiss that Sherlock gives him is, John thinks, the slowest, sweetest kiss he has ever had in the whole of his life: like something green and lush growing inside-between them. A bubble of bright breath-warm summer sunlight.
"Christ," breathed, open, pushing back the blankets and Sherlock makes a little mammalian sort of a sound ground into John flesh and bone and pulls up—licking—
"I had to," Sherlock says. "I needed—he had to make sure that you would be okay." Pitched low. "I wanted," he says; and John swallows, painfully.
Sherlock says, "No," quiet.
"Then if I'm good." Sherlock noses at him until John twists back for a kiss. "For," open-mouthed, "my birthday," opening John's mouth.
"Nothing," John says, and then laughs, with sandpaper edges. "We're just—we've had a bit of a domestic, that's all," he says, exactly as he might've in May—in March—in two thousand bloody ten; and Greg laughs, warm and relieved.
"If you're going to—" John tugs at Sherlock's hair, wanting— "you could always just—" and Sherlock's hand on his belly starfishes out, presses down; and John.
"John," Sherlock says, thick; and John repeats, "Tutoring?"; and beneath him Sherlock takes a breath and another and then says, "All right, you—Christ, you colossal bitch, yes, you—you said wanted my help with chemistry": and shivering John licks back over the creased hard peak of his breast and Sherlock lets out a long, bare, breathless moan. Licking John shifts his weight into his forearms, settling in. "You said," Sherlock says, and then stops: reminding John lifts enough to open his mouth just the other side of the seam between skin and rucked-up elastic, tongue out tap-tap-tapping but not quite
After a moment, Sherlock says, "No," voice low.
"So eight is where I need to stop?" John asks, and Sherlock laughs a little, ragged, and rubs at his face.
"Yeah, because I can tell that you get
and John is dizzy trembling all over like, like he knew, like he knew he would for Sherlock's long fingers inside him petting allover in him where he is wanting always wanting deep wanting him seizing—
He swallows. Shakes his head.
, until—until—"
to someone and—and to
"Sodding Chambal," Sherlock grumbles, and turns, dropping his head back against the edge of the partition.
"I'm so sorry," Sherlock says. Low and thick. "I'm so sorry, John—it was—it was
He'd felt—absurd. Ridiculous. It'd been mad, really, the lot of it; and then Sherlock had lifted his face. It'd been dizzying, somehow, that expression: cracked open and gaping, just like—; and
"Timer," Sherlock says, too fast; and pulls out his mobile. Swipes up.
(See the end of the chapter for
, Sherlock, you can sodding
"You followed me upstairs, did you," John says, finally. Forcing his chin back up.
"Hungry?" Sherlock asks.
"That," John says, "is not going to make either of us smell less like hours of savage fucking"; and Sherlock says, "You interest me strangely," in that low hot voice that makes John push back against him barely thinking, his breath and Sherlock's breath caught together in and out and John could—just—
"You were going to fuck me," Sherlock says, muffled.
, wants to say,
"Really." Sherlock shifts up against him, sliding his cock in alongside John's hip, stroking his hand down John's side. "Survival technique?"
"God damn it," says John.
John finishes cooking. He sits down at the table. He eats his overcooked pasta with lentils and Tuscan kale; and then Sherlock comes in before he's put the second half in the fridge, so John turns the front burner back on, and warms it back up.
me," Sherlock says, uncertain; and then, more quietly, "We weren't friends by then."
, John thinks.
—quite—
"Well," says John. Clearing his throat. "That throws the time I stole my dad's motorbike for a Slayer concert in Newcastle
and John reaches out, helpless, for him.
, and then
"Well," she says, "I'm off, then. I'll see you Monday," and they both nod.
"A paddle," Sherlock says, instantly, "or a crop, maybe"; and against him John shifts. "Or." Sherlock is looking straight at him, unblinking, but with his eyes hooded, half-shut. Sherlock says, "Or a switch, perhaps, I'd thought."
John doesn't push it. He drinks his tea. Even halfway across the room he can tell that Sherlock is mostly just fiddling with his. When John goes into the kitchen to wash out his cup, and Sherlock goes right back to the violin.
while tooclose blurred he watches Sherlock drag his own hand scratching across his pink-flushed bitten-up chest over and over, while he drips into-over John's hard stroking-slow fist. Beneath him Sherlock's hips writhe, and writhe, and then
"What?"
come inside you," unsteady: John nods. Sherlock swallows, noisy, twice. "I want to be able to, to put my hand into you and—and
and helpless-aching-helpless John rises to meet him. Nuzzling pressing his mouth to Sherlock's eyelids and cheeks and his—
, held-trapped—
Sherlock's expression goes through a series of brief, unreadable little shifts and then he says, "You don't have to—," and then he stops, his lips pressed together, thin and pale.
Sherlock makes a noise. A laugh, maybe. He takes a half-step back, bent head breathing deep, as he works to tuck his wet erection back into his pants.
John licks at his lips—tastes— "Can I do it again," he says, a little too fast, "and you can tell me?"; and swallowing audible, Sherlock says, "Yeah."
and John—can't, he wants, but—licking, as Sherlock pulls him up, tongue curling at Sherlock's forearm and his wrist and his—prick as groaning "God, you want—you really—" and John nods and nods as Sherlock grabs at John's jaw pulling him open and fitting—
"Come here," Sherlock says, low and hot, and John goes.
John licks up between Sherlock's curling fingers, then nods.
and before on the sofa he'd said nothing (Not Asking) and before at the table he'd said
"Yes, love," says Ben, and leans in to kiss her greying hair, "and your mother-bear instincts are still very charming, but sadly, the Edward Vaughans of the world are simply a feature of modern academic life." Priyanka huffs, but doesn't look entirely displeased.
, pressing harder, digging in; and Sherlock's neck lolls sideways, so that John can get at it better, all the hard unhappy bits of him trapped just under his skin. John rubs into them in earnest and Sherlock groans.
"Not like." Drowning, dizzy. "
; but Sherlock might (when off balance, when out of sorts) very easily catch John in the crossfire while carefully
John would never've—but now. But now. Even if Sherlock is panting hard-hot-hard writhing above-against him and whispering, "Now, do it—now, do it hard," even while John is nodding helpless knowing—
"Yeah," Sherlock says, soft instead, because John doesn't, didn't; "I could watch myself in the mirror," John says, "like you do," which isn't a joke at all: Sherlock watching him exposed like a raw egg with its top cracked off and somehow it it isn't like it always is, not truly; it is almost, but not quite, as though it is something else all together.
"Hang on," John says. "Was one of the core principles of our cohabitation that we weren't fucking?"
, Christ," John says, sliding his chair closer, "sorry, I didn't think you'd—," and presses his mouth to Sherlock's cheek by his soaked serviette.
"Yes," Sherlock says, thick. "Please." His hand knotting around the back of the shoulder of John's vest. "John. You could—"
Head dropped down. Eyes closed. Panting, hard: John tries to catch his breath. Tries, and tries. Blue silicone still thick inside him: aching, now.
"I'm." He takes a breath. "I'm afraid," he says, finally.
Coins. Mobile. "Could start with just tea," John says, shrugging, "but—"
"You don't have to," he says; and John squints over at him.
Sherlock doesn't say anything. He traces a fingertip over the edge of John's ear. John's whole body is shaking. He would've. He would've kissed him in every mostly-quiet half-dark corner and wriggled his body against him in silence in his ancient narrow single bed; would've—would've let him push him up against anything he wanted, would've—would've touched him everywhere and licked his ears and kissed all up and down his tender hairless throat, would've met him every weekend and touched himself delirious with him every night and—and snuck out bottles of his mum's cheap wine to share with him, if he wanted, he would've—would've carried him on his sodding handlebars, he would've lit his cigarettes, touched his hair, held his hand, if John hadn't—if he hadn't been such a—
"If you like it," John says, finally.
; and still half-seized up all over John, somehow, swallows. Again, forcing: swallowing hard. Unclenching in millimeters to shaking instead all over blinking unsticking his tongue from the roof of his mouth and—and bending, his wobbly gelatinous body. He presses his mouth back down to Sherlock's panting, wet-open, hot mouth.
It doesn't sound right.
—and Sherlock's long fingers searing-light on the backs of his hands as low-hot in his ear Sherlock asks, "You want me to—" and helpless John nods nods nods and Sherlock shoves John's hands down into the sheets.
Sherlock doesn't reply.
. Like being—John moans, shudders through it, coming hot-thick through his fingers with Sherlock's open mouth on his mouth, moving: Sherlock's sharp teeth, ragged little breaths.
Sherlock rubs his mouth against him. "I really want you to sit on my face," he admits.
So warm. John swallows and swallows: saliva thick, coating his mouth.
Low and dark Sherlock says, "Dirty."
Sherlock's eyes widen. He turns, not very successfully surreptitiously, to breathe into his palm; and John reaches for his wrist.
, John thinks, fondly—four comment alerts from the blog, and an email, not urgent, from Rhoda. An email from Bianca on behalf of Mycroft, as well, that John, not wanting to ruin their morning, skims briefly for signs of impending invasion but otherwise doesn't read. Sherlock sets a plate of French toast down in front of John, then sits with his and his tea; and John, glancing over at him, again—again—again, leans back into his chair, half-not thinking, then kicks his feet up, one at a time, into Sherlock's pajama-soft lap.
, John mouths, and she quirks a sliver of a smile at him, then immediately goes back to ignoring them both.
, but not
John presses his nose against Sherlock's shoulder, thoughts waterfalling, tumbling, rushing hot. "We don't have time," John whispers, apologetic. "You don't have to—later. I meant—later, if... for later."
—and Sherlock pets at the small of his back: slow, slow; gentle, gentle. With what feels like half his right hand up him,
Startled. John licks at his bottom lip. He pets back up to Sherlock's cheek: touches him. "Do you want me to?" he asks. He can feel his eyebrows tightening: careful. Careful. Smoothing.
"Yeah," John says, unsteady, and comes.
John laughs, already breathless. "If you think this doesn't count, you're doing it wrong," he says, but he pops the button on his jeans anyway. Sherlock's gaze flickers down, up: locks back onto his face. John licks his parched lips and drags down the zip:
Finally, since it's hard to tell on AO3 how long an individual chapter is, I'd like to note that this one single chapter is about 34,000 words of (deliberately) glacially paced fucking, which I mention since I know there are those of you who don't like reading long things in the browser window and would proooobably therefore prefer to download an ebook format for this one. As far as I know there's no way to download a single chapter from AO3, but once you've downloaded the whole thing, the Table of Contents should work for getting you to this chapter directly—or, well, I checked the EPUB, at least. This is Chapter 56, and (since the numbers don't always show in the ebook TOCs) the title is "games."
"No," John agrees, "but neither have you"; but he sits up anyway, casting about the wreck of the bed for his pants.
Sherlock pulls back, stretches over to the side table, angles up his mobile. "Twenty-one minutes," he says, sliding the ottoman out and getting to his feet.
John swallows. Swallows. "Four," he says, "please," as Sherlock nodding, presses his fingers deep and nods—nodding as slow, slower—
Sherlock scowls, eyebrows scrunching together. "Yes, fine, you needn't rub it in."
He stops.
John clears his throat. "Well, I spent all of Year Eleven trying to convince my maths teacher I needed intensive one-on-one tutoring, so I'm hardly going to judge. Fit, was he?"
Sherlock doesn't get in until rather late on Tuesday, then stalks around the living room gesticulating wildly and complaining about a pair of teenagers on the train while John sits on the end of the sofa with his laptop pushed aside and his feet up propped up on the coffee table, like a man who hadn't had his hand down his pajama bottoms just before Sherlock'd come blustering in. John can't often trace the labyrinthine course of Sherlock's thought processes but it's perfectly obvious when Sherlock realizes: he stops, stops talking ("—as though she simply couldn't
"Of course I care," Sherlock says. "Do you have any idea how much is spent, in a year, on adulterated olive oil?"
—Sherlock touches his shoulder, his biceps, tucks his long fingers under John's arms; and John lets his hands fall.
"If you'd said to me, 'I want to go upstairs and take all our clothes off and lie in your bed and kiss for hours,' I would've said yes," John says. "If you'd—"
he did—he told me it was for breaking into the labs at Imperial College"; which makes Mycroft drawl, "Well—that too"; and then when John laughs outright, he can hear Mycroft huff, too: small, half unwilling.
, George had said, when John told him; and John had just—
He unlocks his mobile, expands the image, full-screen: it's Sherlock's hand, unquestionably, but it still takes John a moment to realize what he's looking at: Sherlock's right hand is half-curled, the sheet bumping up tellingly against the curve of his index finger—but then again, tucked into the curve of his middle finger, just behind.
John looks up, when the door opens.
, "like I haven't heard it all already, living with you," licking—John groans, as Sherlock whispers, "Didn't think about how much better you know you'd be if you just got me to hold onto you and then
"John," he says, muffled. Pressed into John's skin as he presses in between John's skin; and John gasps, "Yeah."
"All right," John says, coming over. "Good morning, Mycroft. What can we do for you?" He sits.
After a moment, John says, "You'd be amazed at how civilized some of our murderers are," as pleasantly as he can.
"So you." John feels a low long laugh bubbling insanely up through his blood but swallows it back, and asks, "so you like—you like to touch your chest and your hands and your mouth, you—you go into your room on your own, do you, and it feels good, does it, when you touch yourself like that?"
"Yes," Sherlock says, "but not me": and—red-hazed. Droplets. After an explosion: mist.
"Very well done," says Sherlock, low and hot.
"Not yet," Donnell says. "They've been over the whole area with the dogs twice, but they're having the devil of a time, all the dogs keep whining and stopping and looking up at their handlers."
—" and sodding
Wide. Breathing in, he is—so wide. Breathed out. So wide awake.
"Stop," Sherlock says, and in his throat John's voice rubberband-snaps— "Good," but he's stopped, he's stopped; fingers still pressed against himself holding himself holding still-still-still while Sherlock standing murmurs, "Wait for me," and John couldn't, couldn't possibly, couldn't even think about doing anything else but waiting, stopped, suspended bare and shivering until Sherlock pads back in and holds out his clear bottle of lube.
so soft and
; and Sherlock had looked him in the eye and said,
"All the time," John says. It makes him feel hot, helpless, a strange straining churning thing inside him that can't—quite—
John swallows. "Yeah," he whispers.
"Yeah?" Murmured. A little stinging slap—
John smiles at him. His face feels like a gap. He twists, not wanting—Sherlock has straightened up a bit, at least; and is watching as John grabs the stockings and sits on the foot of the bed between the laid-out knickers and bra—focusing on the stockings, to put them on. Sitting in the chair facing him, Sherlock's knees come nearly close enough to touch. John drags one stocking on over his toes, tugging it up over his calf a bit at a time, feeling—stretched. Twisted this way, and that.
," Sherlock gasps.
and hand 'round Sherlock's wrist he pulls until he kisses Sherlock's fist.
I do about these, honestly?" John gestures down, turning: Sherlock has rolled up onto his side, tucking his elbow under his head to watch.
," but his voice cracks: unwilling and clumsy. He swallows, hard. Sherlock ducks his face to kiss John's throat, and between their bodies John squeezes Sherlock's hand. "I was—
Sherlock huffs. Blinking his eyes open: looking over at him. His soft, smudged, wide-open green eyes. John settles in, arm wrapped around him, very close.
and John claws at him bare thigh and elastic fitting musk-dark animal taste smeared all over the insides of his mouth, Christ,
. Hardly ever, at least.
"I don't want you to have to live with something that causes you pain," John says, very quietly; not a comfort: Sherlock folds one shaking hand 'cross his face. His mouth still bared for John's mouth to brush against it: repentant, John does, John does; but Sherlock doesn't lower his hand.
Behind him Sherlock is quiet for a long, long while. Breathing in. Breathing out. John doesn't say anything else.
: a lure, a tease, unmoving; while he waits for Sherlock to catch up all the threads of his ragged-edged wanting breath.
Tucks his face down into John's shoulder.
"It doesn't have to hurt," John whispers; Sherlock shivers. John says, "I don't want it to hurt": quiet. Soft. Petting up his back as Sherlock breathes out—out—out. Easy, John is thinking, Soft. John wants to be for him so soft, but Sherlock doesn't—he doesn't seem to be able to—John flattens his hand on Sherlock's sticky tensed nape: "I—I don't want to do it like that," John says, very quietly. "Knowing—" he stops, helpless, throat tight: his hand squeezing, open and closed, open and closed, on the taut hard muscles at the back of Sherlock's long neck.
Sherlock's ribs expand, widen. A lifting-filling breath. After a moment he jerks his head, once-twice side to side:
: every millimeter of Sherlock honed, aimed towards him, seeking-finding-knowing: his relentless fast-fixed attention pulling at John even as John pulls helplessly at him. Their tangled starved scrabbling grasping hands. Was that, then,
, acutely aware of the skin on his hands.
," Sherlock says, hot against him, "you'll stay."
"Yeah," he manages, after a moment.
"This what you want?" Sherlock snarls, dragging at the tie of John's dressing gown, shoves his arm tight across his shoulders, pinning him back as he shoves his thigh between John's bare thighs. "Hm?"
"Yeah," John says. "I'll get back in your bed and I'll come all over your sheets and I'll even leave them for you to wash, after."
"Work them inside me," Sherlock says, quiet. John nuzzles him: Sherlock breathes. Breathes.
to me," John whispers, "please.
Sherlock makes a ragged, incoherent noise instead of an answer, and John goes into the kitchen to put on the kettle.
, laughing over—nothing, and "Are you," Sherlock says, "are you trying to
and John half-chokes and—and shoves his chair back, swallowing—caref—
"Six and a half minutes of your time," Sherlock says. "Later. Whenever I say. For whatever I say."
"I liked the stockings," John says finally; and close up against him Sherlock nods, and doesn't say a thing.
Sherlock shrugs on his coat. His hands are terribly,
The kettle's finished and clicked off but the water's still steaming, so John makes the tea and gets down serviettes and plates and forks and knives to lay the table while Sherlock is frying the bread, still tenting out his bottoms. John doesn't blame him. He sets Sherlock's cup by his elbow by the stove and gets a kiss for his trouble—lovely—then adjusts himself in his boxers and sits at the table to check his mobile while Sherlock's finishing up the bread: two texts from Harry, one from Mike, three from Natalie fairly clearly written last night at varying stages of inebriation—
," bitten out. Angry. "I told him, 'A talisman, more than anything'—as though I've
manage to take down all the information I needed to return
—and then Sherlock's green eyes startling wide-open lifting up away from John's face panicked—panicked?—as they—shine—
Sherlock's knees shush against the duvet. His thighs press to John's prickling-up goosebumping thighs. "This?" he asks, quiet, as he rubs the bulbous head of his dripping-slick cock against him, John's whole body still aching with what'd felt like inside.
, dropped into John's mind like a bomb, and Sherlock hands him a bottle and says, "You'd better get started, I think," grabs his toy, and kneels back up and off the bed.
John nods. Nods. "It's purple," he repeats: blurred green eyes, "and it's got—"
Swallowing hard. John's fingers locked up: tight-tight-tight.
"Don't know yet, will cancel tomorrow if we have to." Nat scowls, and adds, "I've never been this cross with a six-year-old before," then hands over Nila Pradhan's chart.
." Sherlock inhales, deep. Scrubs at his hair.
"Perhaps we oughtn't to be done, anyway." Sherlock shifts his weight back, and the bench squeaks.
, and then, below that,
Sherlock curls his hand. Slips two fingers in between John's empty teeth; whispers, "Yeah?" up too close and blurred when his tongue slides out over his own pink bottom lip—Christ—and pinned by his jaw and Sherlock's hand John licks at him, soft. "Tighter," Sherlock whispers, and John closes his lips, sucks, sucks; while Sherlock pets over his tongue, riptide pull, and then sighs, pulling back. Mouth empty John wants—wants him to stop, wants—
"You wouldn't do it to me, would you?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock drops his face. Presses a kiss to the jut of John's shoulder; then shakes his heavy dark head.
. Inhaling as "Sorry," Sherlock is gasping, winding his hand 'round a suspender and gasping, "sorry, sorry oh God
Mad with him John opens, starving; and Sherlock slips in half his hand. God. His fingers thick and—and hot, and—
. John feels—echoing, cavernous. Carved paper-thin, to make room. "Earlier," Sherlock repeats; and John lifts his head just enough to find space between them but it doesn't work, because then John can look at him, his long neck and flushed cheeks—. "When I was, your, um." They kiss: John forgets. "Your hot lesbian girlfriend," Sherlock finishes, after some time; and John remembers.
