“Hey, didn’t you want to get that?” John says. He has a box in his hands and his scarf is askew. “That’s for you.”
“Hey, good morning,” John murmured with the wish to make Sherlock wake softly because he didn’t want to spoil him a glorious morning.
Sherlock hums in complacency and turns the question over in his head to look at it from a different angle. John flashes him a glance and his thoughts stumble. If Sherlock wasn’t so flustered and secretly chuffed about John’s attention he’d definitely be annoyed with himself.
His hands slid into Sherlock’s hair at the nape of his neck. Their noses brushed and Sherlock stalled a few centimetres above him as if to let John have the final say. But John didn’t hesitate. He strained his calves and pushed up to bring their mouths together and Sherlock answered readily, a low growl in his chest that made John’s arms vibrate where they touched Sherlock.
John refused to react to this remark but his heart was beating treacherously all of a sudden and his hand that wasn’t holding his coffee cup curled into a tight fist.
The cab turns a corner and stops at a red traffic light but Sherlock is too numb to bother being angry at the delay. Maybe, if he just sits still and doesn’t move while the city creeps by, if he just retreats into his mind palace and blocks out every notion, every hateful image, maybe then will he be able to endure this cab ride with John sitting so close to him their coats brush before he can escape home and exile himself to his room.
“Or are you setting so much store into this stupid clinking of glasses, looking into each other's eyes and how bad sex cannot happen to you with that? Did you clink your glass with that woman tonight? Lots of good it did you."
“And what does that mean?” John heard himself say and flinched because his voice sounded so daft in his ears.
The case gets very dark as the homeless network provides Sherlock with the necessary information as to where the two victims have vanished and that they had, in fact, positively been abducted. Sherlock is buzzing with energy and determination and finds it surprisingly easy to focus again now he isn’t working alone anymore. He is somewhat sorry he cannot keep his promise to give the mystery John represents his undivided attention but the case offers him a well-established ground to feel save and self-confident again.
Sherlock turns around, his face smug. “Oh, clever” he says and a gloating sparkle comes into his eyes. “Well, but not clever enough.” Rushing a few steps to the stairway he further connects facts. “John, get dressed, we need to dash. You stay here, Giles. Help yourself to toast from the cupboard. I’ll be two minutes.” He pulls at his shirt, absent-mindedly touching a hand to the stretch of skin John’s hand had rested on through the last 3 hours and leaves a mystified D.I. behind him in the kitchen.
“Can’t you guess?” John says, calmly shaking his head as if it is all totally obvious. “I didn’t say anything because you are the most amazing thing I have ever seen and I wanted to keep what we have— wanted to keep you and not make things awkward or scare you off.”
A few seconds later he notices an ink stain on the dead man’s throat and instantly knows how he has come to death and how deliciously clever the killer has prepared the whole scene. Time to impress the mortals. He shoves the glances John has given him from his mind, launches into his deductions and thoroughly enjoys Anderson fuming with helpless rage - only to remember them hours later when they are back at 221B again. With the memory comes the confusion and it thoroughly irks Sherlock that it all doesn't make sense.
Rolling his head back into the pillow, he squints towards the window to estimate the time through the angle of sunlight that spills into the room, but the day is overcast and the results therefore inconclusive. Sherlock hums and on his chest, John’s arm flexes before tightening firmly around him and pulling him even closer. Which is quite a feat, Sherlock admires, because John is already wrapped up so tight around him; it feels quite possessive, yes, but also deeply
This is the moment that John glances at him again. It hits Sherlock totally unguarded how his blue eyes flash upwards through fair lashes to meet his and it has a rather unexpected effect on him. An effect that surprisingly doesn’t primarily express itself in a tingle down his spine and that sweet, sweet pressure in his neck, right at his hairline.
“But engaging with anyone only mildly attractive into said activities without the excuse of love positively is a chemical defect and here we are at the beginning again. These chemical dysfunctions and defects are trivial and therefor really not my area. And I say that as a chemist. How can you properly judge situation and circumstances when impulses and hormones are chasing each other in your body and you end up losing control?”
They silently left the office, their hearts beating fast, and ran to the door they had come through an hour ago. John caught Sherlock’s gaze again and Sherlock nodded, giving his elbow a tight squeeze in return. They could do this.
He is momentarily saved when John fully steps into the sitting room and rakes a hand through his wet hair. It’s only a moment, though, before the urge to resume their game becomes virtually overwhelming and Sherlock has the pressing feeling he cannot possibly go on if he doesn’t assure before that nothing has changed between them while at the same time everything has changed when he looks at John.
They stand there gazing at each other in silence for another long, long moment and the atmosphere feels charged with anticipation and something else Sherlock cannot find it in him to describe. His neck feels hot and there is a sweet pressure onto the spot where his hairline meets his shoulders. A part of him is already sorry he’s let John step away and out of his private space when John blinks, bites the insides of his right cheek and lowers his eyes.
“That’s what I want,” Sherlock whispered and rolled his hips upwards against John’s, making them both gasp again.
His blue scarf as a makeshift barrier between himself and the stench, Sherlock stumbles through low tunnel. At his side John‘s movements are those of a sentry, economic and sure, always half a step behind, yet firm and lethal. Under different circumstances it might have looked rediculous, but the way John tails him without hovering, exuding the confidence and awareness of the soldier he is, makes Sherlock feel save despite the lack of knowledge of what to expect behind the next corner.
He didn’t know how it happened but one moment he was standing there in the middle of their sitting room with Sherlock’s honest and yet so incredibly vulnerable eyes on his face and his confession in his ears. And the next he’d closed the distance between them and leaned his forehead onto Sherlock’s collarbone, his own hand still in Sherlock’s. His heart was pounding like it was trying to grow wings and fly away.
“We can’t go to Bart’s now!” John repeats emphatically and shakes his head. His dark blue eyes are wide open and glistening.
In order to mask his confusion, he pressed his sleeve onto his lip. It came away bloody. Can’t help it now. He nervously checked his watch. 43 minutes past midnight. It shouldn’t take Lestrade too long to notice the message Sherlock had texted him and come to the right conclusion. Then he would just have to track the phone. So much for theory.
“You’ve never really lost it, Sherlock. Hell, I was so insecure about you all the time, I was afraid I’d failed or overtaxed you.”
A memory flashed through his mind like a snippet from a movie sequence. How Sherlock had looked at him, so pained and awkward, before he’d grabbed him behind that batch of trash and put their lips together and hold him tight.
Sherlock silently opened the window and got up on the ledge to lower himself onto the roof, where he crouched onto his stomach to look down into the yard. John noticed that their guide had disappeared. This was weird and left him with another eerie shiver. He followed Sherlock down to the roof and lay next to him, bumping Sherlock’s elbow in the process. Both men looked at each other and John noticed with a pang that it felt highly inappropriate, considering their current location how close they suddenly where.
Sherlock is basically thrumming with anticipation when he snaps on nitrile gloves, extents nimble fingers and delicately snatches the envelope out of the box. He is careful to touch it as little as possible so he can check it for fingerprints later. John is watching him closely, poised for either fight or flight, attack or defensive protection. Whichever first comes in handy, Sherlock supposes and the prospect excites him more than is prudent.
He stripped in the bathroom and got in front of the mirror to check himself while hot water flowed into the tub behind him. His face didn’t look bad. The bruise, once purple and very sharp against his fair skin, was turning into an interesting shade of yellow now but that wasn’t something he could do anything about.
Sherlock remained absent and so John found himself with far too much time on his hands. Checking in with his colleagues at work he learned that they were filling in his shifts and that is was stressful but fine.
again when Sherlock had retold the story of their latest case to Angelo. He’d felt flustered again but quite chuffed with himself. Impressing John does have unfathomable merits of its own.
When all the tedious wrapping is finally gone, John’s smile abruptly expires. Which is not a development Sherlock has anticipated. John isn’t supposed to look grim if Sherlock can help it. He frowns.
, John,” he says, the long-suffering sigh and eye-roll heavily implied. His voice has turned into a deep rumble because that particular timbre appeals to John’s danger-seeking nature and instantly alerts him to a near absolute focus. Stalling, Sherlock slides down from his stool, which brings him into closer proximity to John, and he’s secretly chuffed when John doesn’t step back but instead straightens as well to align their faces. They stare at each other and this close to John Sherlock can perceive his familiar scent under the cologne, a heady mixture of tea, soap and fresh cucumber. Can see the tiny gold flecks in his eyes shine brightly. He tilts his head a bit, which, as if by design, makes John’s tongue come forward to dab his lips and Sherlock is thoroughly discombobulated.
Sherlock’s hand that wasn’t holding his flew to his mouth, fingers touching his full bottom lip, a trace of shyness in his eyes.
“Oh,” he exclaims lamely and it takes him a few seconds to put his laptop onto the coffee table and take his cup. Their fingers brush and Sherlock’s eyes flits from John’s face to their hands and back up to his face again. He doesn’t know why but suddenly he’s a bit nervous. John is wearing a dark green jumper tonight, tighter around his frame than the oatmeal one or the sweatshirt with the stripes he prefers when at home and dark blue trousers. His hair is properly groomed but that might have been due to the fact that he’s been at the clinic today.
Sherlock smiles again and is momentarily nonplussed by how warm his chest feels where John touched him and how out-worldly good that is. Excitement pools into his belly and it’s due to both, excitement about the new lead in that dreadful murder case
"Sherlock, you know this is just a saying. And since when do you care how I go about dating and other … things? I thought you were above such trivialities like girlfriends, boyfriends," he shot back.
It was time to face his situation for what it truly was: an utter mess. It wasn’t that he regretted kissing Sherlock, showing him what was inside of him, even though parts of him wondered exactly when Sherlock Holmes had become a romantic issue in the first place. After all, at that moment it had happened he’d sincerely doubted they would live to tell the tale, anyway. John smirked, seeing the irony in it. As a matter of fact, it must have been quite visible in the past weeks for everybody who looked a bit closer. As people around them had, he reminded himself. That insight along with the fact that he hadn’t been able to see it for what it was, confused him tremendously. He wondered if Sherlock had seen it and if it had had affected his behaviour towards John.
“Is everything alright?” Lestrade’s eyes narrow suspiciously but Sherlock is too gobsmacked, too shell-shocked for words.
“You said it was something I needed, John. What is it? And why would you…” Sherlock trails off and gestures to John with his free hand. If he can coax John into revealing what exactly the present entails, then it would be another clue. But John only huffs another laugh.
Sherlock’s forehead puckered; he took a deep breath and closed his eyes and when he opened them again, John saw how scared and anxious he really was. For a second he was wondering if Sherlock might be afraid that John would change his mind and push him away. As if John would do something so utterly ridiculous. As if John could deny him anything.
The words are spoken with the vitriolic ring of hurt and confusion and the hurt wins. Sherlock is suddenly thunderous. Does John really need to have it all spelled out into morsels before him? Why doesn’t he just come forward with the truth so Sherlock can go home and shoot the wall?
“Can we leave, then?” John asks and drains the dregs of his own drink. There is still a palpable amount of tension in him, and when John’s phone chimes a fourth time since they’ve come here, Sherlock waves a hand at him, grateful for the reprieve.
John’s body suddenly twitches and when Sherlock turns his head up to look at him, John sits on the armrest of Sherlock’s chair, facing him. There is something in his eyes where they go dark and deep. John stoops and Sherlock doesn’t know what happens but something has definitely shifted as John’s face descents onto him and his arms come around him in a firm embrace.
They had just texted once two day ago and John had gone to bed early. While half waiting for Sherlock to show up at some point and half trying to ignore his longing for him to just do so, he had fallen asleep and had dreamed weird things again. Impressions of green and orange light interspersed with the smell of chloroform and cold smoke.
They hold each other for a few precious moments before Sherlock feels he has to clarify and volunteer one other appropriately important bit of information. His cheeks flush. “About Buckingham Palace” he says, thinks and hums. “Yes?” John asks as his body seeks renewed friction by reassuringly sliding his arms down Sherlock’s back and over the topmost curve of his arse. New territory. “Just so you know- in case you wondered." He purses his lips. “It’s not true what Mycroft said, about me being alarmed of—” He trails off. It’s kind of embarrassing bringing that up when Lestrade shuffles in the nearby kitchen and might possibly hear their every word. He is still on the phone but will be insufferable if he does and Sherlock concedes that it might be the wrong moment for this kind of admission but John's proximity seems to do funny things to his brain. “Alarmed of- ”
Sherlock didn’t return but John hadn’t really expected him to. He spent his day in a daze, trying not to ponder what had happened between them, failing gloriously and finally dozed off into an uneasy sleep.
He continues his assessment by fully taking in this enigma opposite at their kitchen table that is John Watson.
“I absolutely think we should do exactly that.” John’s voice is very deep again and its timbre is obviously wired to Sherlock blood and where it pools hotly in his lap.
Whatever his face was showing in this moment must have been so obvious that it made Sherlock furrow his brows in pain and he got up to his feet to take an uneasy step towards him. His lips were pressed into a tight line and for a second both men just looked at each other.
John was very aware how their relationship had always been weird but they had liked it, even relished in it. Of course they had never talked about it. It seemed that, as long as there were still boundaries between them, boundaries that had nothing to do with them perpetually ignoring how something like personal space even existed, boundaries they didn’t question, everything was fine.
Sherlock swallows and shoves the scientific vocabulary into a room in the basement of his mind palace. He gets back to the tableau at hand, where John is still standing in front of him with an increasingly nervous look in his eyes.
Sherlock snorts, nostrils flaring. “Of course he does. They’re dating. In fact, they will start tonight and Graham wants to make an impression.” He turns back to Lestrade. “What is it, Graham? Cake and cream in a secluded restaurant or at the club? I’d suggest you eat beforehand, Mycroft is so loath to share. The fact that you’re using the bloody
It is a really messed up case. He loses the young woman’s trace after she’s left the cab that had taken her and her boyfriend from the club to the banks of the Thames and has to restart. It’s heavily frustrating but then he is able to get a hold of a member of his homeless network who has seen a man and a woman getting abducted in the surrounding to where Sherlock thinks they got out of the cab the night they vanished. It solidifies his theory. The Pakistani cabbie, to his annoyance, had been an utter disappointment on that matter but the imbecile are always hard to rely on.
. See it and either embrace it with both arms and never let go or huff and turn the other way. No matter the outcome, it would certainly render all this tedious talking irrelevant.
“Sherlock, I- Christ, I found something,” he calls and beckons Sherlock closer before he slides his legs over the barrier and gasps for breath.
John sees and clears his throat. “It’s already morning” he says and then, mockingly “You know you are far too young to have a heart attack, don’t you”, and leans against the door frame.
John was standing with his second glass of champagne next to Molly, several detectives and Anderson, who was chattering animatedly and had just finished his fourth glass, in a corner of the room Scotland Yard had booked for the evening. He felt stupid smiling as Anderson launched into the glories of policemenship. How John should have considered taking this as a career after leaving the army. John was thankful for the distraction as Lestrade limped into their group.
Sherlock stares as John beckons him to get out of the cab and opens his own door. Folding his long limbs, Sherlock listlessly spills out onto the pavement and together they watch the cab drive off, before John turns to finally look at him.
“You know, sometimes I think Mycroft is really obsessed with us. I wonder what the reason may be for that.”
He saw Sherlock fidget next to him, saw how he instantly caught up, mouth drawn in a thin line. Their eyes met for the duration of a heartbeat and suddenly there was something in Sherlock’s eyes John had never seen before. Sherlock’s eyes were intense and glistening, his attention seemed to be focused entirely on him. John nervously licked his lips.
“I should have known there were three, but we still have a chance. They haven’t killed us,” he heard Sherlock mumble.
But this is not what happens and Sherlock is allowed to keep a good part of his dignity. Instead he abandonds thinking and intuitively lifts his chin. His eyes are wide open when his lips brush over John’s jaw and then melt onto John’s soft yet firm mouth.
There, in the surprisingly empty space under the bed, sat a small wooden box. It seemed a far too pristine location to be there by chance and John crawled into the narrow space to retrieve it, his fingers sweating. He sat on the floor in front of Sherlock’s bed and held the box in his hands, strong emotions washing through him. But then he felt the part of him that was so very concerned for Sherlock’s health and well-being take control and he opened the lid.
He feels John’s eyes on his back all the way down the hallway to his room and it creates the most delicious tingle. A tingle that engulfs his whole being, from his skull through his curls all the way down his lean torso and over his buttocks to his legs and feet and when he reaches his bedroom he has to press one hand to his chest and close his eyes to keep his heart from fluttering out of his rib cage to soar into the wide, wide open night sky.
“Why, Mycroft, do you believe I can be of any help to you? It’s killing me not to know what is behind it all, because Moriarty was dead before Sherlock decided to fake his suicide. But I thank you for telling me you had your hands in all of what happened afterwards.”
"Yes, that's what you got to do and because it also affects me here, Sherlock, don't be the grinch. Seven years is quite a time and I just got divorced."
And what’s more: No matter who has sent the mysterious present to him, the saying on the card absolutely proved to be right.
. Wining and dining, holding hands and kisses in the dark. Oh, don’t give me that look,” he demands when Sherlock scowls because John has so hit the nerve. Shaking his head, John contemplates him and what he sees makes him narrow his eyes a bit, thus deepening the crinkles around them. “You’re always so deprecatory towards the things you’re too… I don’t know… embarrassed to show you want?” John finishes and Sherlock is fighting a hard war against all the sentiments that are threatening to show on his face. He blushes furiously with the effort and at being caught out.
John’s eyes twinkle in the dark. His hands have continued to slide up and down Sherlock's back, a gesture of care and reassurance. “It’s rather, well, guess I figured I don’t wanna date people I could never love, Sherlock. Not anymore— not when there’s you. The possibility of you.”
Sherlock opens a direct pathway to John’s premises in his mind palace to let the rush of sensation channel unfiltered into the venue. The kiss heatens and proves to be much more than he’s bargained for with the additional contact of their bodies spilled along one another. Briefly, he wonderes if this was to be expected, this extraordinary feeling of kissing the one your heart goes out to and if someone, anyone, who’s walked this particular line has ever felt as special, as overwhelmed and... happy as he feels now. John hums and grazes his teeth down Sherlock’s jaw to his pulse point. Where he starts sucking lightly and Sherlock’s control slips magnificently. The whole mind palace becomes one big cathedral to which John has all the keys and rings the bell and Sherlock accidently unsettles the lyrics to Tom Lehrer’s Elements and deletes the taste of unripe chinese jujube.
They’d walked home after dinner and John had lectured Sherlock on an article in one of his medical journals about carpal tunnel surgery. His small and compact hands had gestured firmly for emphasis, his voice smooth and self-confident but he hadn’t glanced at Sherlock - not even in the dark street corners where these small notions could easily have gone unnoticed. He’d only looked.
John smiles his lovely smile, laughter lurking behind his eyes. “Anytime you like, Sherlock, seriously,” he answers the question Sherlock has asked aloud. “Yes— that’s good,” Sherlock says and means more than these three simple words could possibly convey. He shifts a little under the sprawl John’s body is doing in his lap. It’s really nice, this lap full of John. It’s quite an improvement to how he normally sits in his chair.
"How many scoops? -- I can't believe I overlooked how human eyeballs react to high temperature on close -- John, hand me that book over there."
“We can be everything, Sherlock.” His own name is a sweet weight of breath on Sherlock’s lips before John slides in and kisses him again, his relieve palpable. “Everything. I want us to figure it out – slowly so we’ll get it right, I want to get it right. But, god, Sherlock, you’re all I want. I
“I am very pissed off with you, Sherlock Holmes. You cannot imagine how much.” He managed to say between clenched teeth, shook off Sherlock’s arm, and jumped off the table, his fists clenched.
A moment later they break apart and John’s hand tightens around Sherlock’s and they intertwine their fingers.
John’s eyes silently follow him wherever he goes over the next two days. Sherlock pretends he doesn’t notice and privately gloats about the fact that John obviously isn’t really trying to hide it anymore, the total secrecy and terrified shyness of a few days ago gone. Sherlock doesn’t know for sure, however, if John has noticed him glancing but if he did he doesn’t show. However, it doesn’t really matter because the game has never been so enticing.
He wants to lay himself at John’s feet and for once let someone else solves the puzzle, because he‘s failed where his shyness, his awkwardness  outwits his intellect.
“Don’t be daft, you know I am not driving in a police car.” Sherlock says, giving him an iconic long-suffering sigh. "Two hours top today, we'll talk to the cabbie, but I am sure the tunnel where he's hidden the second body is also the place he killed the first. You and your
“You must be in need of tea and proper company, spending so much time alone in your flat now that Sherlock only comes home at night,” she said and put two cups of tea, sugar bowl, teapot and the inevitable biscuits on the coffee table. John caught his breath.
They spend a whole day down in the sewers, equipped with torches, GPS and tall wellington boots, trying to determine where the boyfriend’s body might have been disposed of. It is fairly clear that someone has thrown him into the canals of the London sewers after they’d attacked him and bashed in his head. From the direction of the underground water flow out into the Thames Sherlock deduces a few likely places and they are soon able to rule out half of them.
For a moment everything is suspended in midair and Sherlock doesn’t know what his face is doing but he hopes his mouth hasn’t dropped open and his eyes aren’t popping out in helpless disbelief. John’s head snaps towards Lestrade, a glare contorting his features, and, to Sherlock immense regret, John steps away from the counter, the spark between them gone.
“You tried to tell me before, Sherlock. I am sorry I wasn’t paying attention,” he said and Sherlock smiled, his ears getting red and hot.
He looked at Sherlock, who had slid down next to him, eyes closed, curls matted to his sweaty forehead. Everything was quiet around them, the only sound was their labored breathing. When Sherlock opened his eyes again, John couldn’t look away. It suddenly hit him that they might not live to tell the tale this time.
While Sherlock is still staring and pushing data around in his head until deductions fall in line, John, apparently, reaches his own conclusion. He sighs and, with a surefooted movement that speaks heavily of resolve and determination, steps right in front of Sherlock and looks up into his eyes as if waiting. John is a proud man though he hides it well and Sherlock is glad to notice their height difference doesn’t seem to cow him. It’s not exactly favorable for him, though, but before Sherlock can do so much as cock a puzzled eyebrow at him, John goes and tugs at his hand, bringing him down a couple inches, while simultaneously rising to his toes. Sherlock stumbles forward, his body closing the last inches of space between them before coming to rest at John’s chest. Head ducking in surprise, he is rendered powerless when John’s hand glides up his elbow to rest on his shoulder, where it entertains the barest of pressures. Just enough to ensure the visibility of his intension, but not enough that Sherlock cannot break away.
towards him. John’s small but sturdy hand is right next to his on the table, fingers twitching in the obvious and barely contained need to reach out and touch, and when his gaze flicks towards his mouth in formidable interest, Sherlock is lost at sea…
Crossing his legs under himself he swats at Sherlock where he tries to pinch John’s phone and they both frown at each other. Mycroft next to never texts John for the sake of texting John. He usually only resorts to conveying a message to John when Sherlock is unavailable or simply ignores him and Mycroft is counting on John to get his meaning across. If only in infuriating Sherlock enough to pick up his own phone and text a curt reply. Sherlock doesn’t think John is hiding something from him, another chat partner or other vital goings-on but a surge of familiar jealousy towards everything that he has to share John with gurgles through his guts at the interruption and he suddenly detests Mycroft and his meddling with a force he hasn’t known since university.
The setback of the murder case had shaken him in a way no case ever has before. The brutality with which the victims had been handled still makes him shiver. But it’s not the only reason he finds himself unable to drift back into sleep incidentally. He’d seriously doubt his mental capabilities if it weren’t for the fact that his hard drive now seems to be wired to the thud his heart gives in his rib cage every time John breaths deeply in the dark. Pushing against it is to no avail and for a moment Sherlock half resents himself again, his lips forming a thin line. He will have to start again tomorrow, go to the morgue, absorb the records about the examination, check in with his underground network; there must be something, maybe even similar other cases—
“When do you have to be at the clinic?” Sherlock asks and starts picking at a slice of warm toast to dunk it into the tomato sauce. John shrugs his shoulders carelessly. “Well, it’s my day off actually but Brandon has asked me to browse patient’s files with him so I will leave in an hour. Why are you asking?”
Especially the latter is a fact Sherlock cannot make himself brush off when John leaves for a doctor’s seminar in Liverpool the third day after Sherlock has flung himself at John to save him at the cliff.
. “And when we do it, Sherlock, and we will, then I‘ll make sure I get your full attention on me, nothing less.” The moment is gone a second later while Sherlock is still too stunned to answer coherently. “Look at me. You’re brilliant, you’re beautiful. I cannot image anymore how I’ve managed to wait all this time to have you here. I never thought I'd actually get there at all." John abruptly swallows as if he's made a mistake he wants to rectify. As if he’s shown too much. "Let me hold you, please.”
The mechanics are clear, easy, but somehow strange and abhorrent. They all seem to lack something vital and he has never felt so reduced to his bodily functions before. Self-assessment notwithstanding, his ‘partners’ were all of a certain type; keen both on easy sex and never seeing him again afterwards. They had expected a performance and he had delivered.
They eat chicken sandwiches and drink sweetened fennel tea around midnight at the kitchen counter of 221B and the way John had stepped to Sherlock’s side - all wet hair and soft smile - shows him as a completely unabashed and self-aware man who has taken the first step into the right direction the second the opportunity presented itself and immediately had known it’s exactly the path he’d planned to walk along. Sherlock’s mind twists and wriggles around the bit of space between them but even though John’s side touches his when he shifts his weight John seems to leave the final decision of thoroughly closing the expanse of air between them to him. He stands firm and solid, a force to relied on. He’s calm where Sherlock only pretends to be but it does feel like the amount of time it took them to separately shower has changed something between them again but only in a way that has taken the edge off and given the outstanding a touch of normality.
John doesn’t seem to mind because he tips his head back and smiles, his eyes ablaze with light. “That I do, and have for a very long time. We don’t need to discuss this at lengths, Sherlock, I am sure you’d rather we didn’t but...” John trails off but then squares his jaw in determination and Sherlock finds he’s actually holding his breath.
The body that lies in the bend of a dead end tunnel is half naked, with limps twisted into unnatural angles and blood everywhere, covering the floor, the walls and the body. Even though this spot is close to the river there is no tide and no drainage like in other parts of the sewers. It is simply by chance that they found her and if John hadn’t checked the adjacent tunnels as well they may never have. The scene is presumably just the way the killer has left it when he was done slaying his poor victim. In comparison the male body they have found looked rather untouched while this one here - eyes staring unblinking, hair strewn out wildly around the head, chunks of skin and flesh missing around the thighs and neck, broken clavicle and bashed-in brain – makes Sherlock’s heart sink and his stomach twist. He feels sick all of a sudden.
let Mycroft and Lestrade know he’s been granted his heart’s desire on the completely absurd an embarrassingly pathetic Valentine’s Day,
But there aren’t. The stench reverberating around the corpse, drenching the stale air in the tunnel is enough to worsen the whole situation.
And then, yes, somehow Sherlock had kissed him back and fiercely so. He even tried to do it again, twice, before Lestrade’s visit had put it all to an end. Before it had gotten so out of hand. But what was he to make of that? John knew Sherlock cared a great deal for him, in his own twisted way…
“It wasn’t just a little domestic, Mrs. Hudson.” John was surprised at how pained his voice sounded and he had to clear his throat before he could continue.
“This guy never stole her money and murdered her cat,” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed, his eyes on the screen of the television. He huffed in exasperation.
“Mummy wants to know if you’re alive, and how Dr. Watson is doing. So be a dear and give her a call. Dr. Watson, my pleasure.”
John was having trouble breathing when he finished and his voice had broken on the last word. He’d deliberately chosen what he said because, for once, he wanted to hurt. He wanted to hurt Sherlock the way the other had hurt him and wanted to show how much pain he had caused him.
John immediately noticed the two men in a puddle of light which came off a street lantern. He instantly reacted and pushed Sherlock back into the dark, before another shot tore the air around them. Desperately trying to protect them both, he pushed Sherlock into a dark yard on their right and through a rusty gate. Clasping his sleeve tightly, they ran through the building, out of another door, and into a second yard. Here, Sherlock pulled him behind another batch of trash.
This whole talking thing, the need to give voice to circumstance and sentiment is really and utterly ridiculous and Sherlock huffs in annoyance. It’s all tedious. John and he have never really talked, hadn’t needed to, because there had always been an understanding between them that didn’t require discussing things at lengths. They had taken to one another’s lives, had evolved around each other, gravitated around each other and things had been fine. Sherlock had led the way and John had, albeit grudgingly sometimes, accepted the direction and followed, attuning to his views and situational needs as they went and even when Sherlock had come back after his fall, there hadn’t really been a proper discussion. Sherlock had maneuvered them into a life-threatening situation and John had followed. Over a bomb about to blow up Sherlock had explained the rudimentary basics, had apologized in the passing and John had forgiven him; that had been that. Ten days later John had moved back into 221b and it all had been sufficient and satisfying. A satisfying outcome they could both very well live with.
“I am not— going anywhere,” Sherlock stutters. In the light of the street lamps outside the window John’s eyes are tinged a very dark grey. His silver-blond hair sticks out around the limitations of gravity and pillow, his fringe slid upwards onto his crown to form a bold quiff. He looks stunningly handsome. Sherlock’s body goes slack and they practically melt into each other, flimsy t-shirts, pajama bottoms, naked feet and all and it feels amazing.
It’s like breathing together, freely and naturally, on a cliff in the moonlight where he’s pressed his face to John’s. Real. He slowly relaxes and presses his lower back into the chair for balance.
Sherlock picks at his lower lip because so far, he surmises, he’s lived in the Ivory Tower. If there would ever be a
“Such a charmer,” he said good-naturedly and obviously had to suppress a giggling fit. Then he raised his glass.
“Well,” John shuffles his feet, but doesn’t come any closer, a complicated look in his eyes. “Because they’re sending their adoration in a riddle.”
Such a long time since I last updated, sorry sorry. I've been so busy with a new project, "Glances", that I plan to post as soon as I am able.
evening at the last minute.” It’s quite terrifying how angry he can get at his own voice stating facts, because Sherlock would
“It doesn’t even things up, though, and to tell you the truth I am really angry with both of you. But knowing Sherlock as we both do, I am not sure he is going to spill his heart any time soon. And as it presents itself certainly not to me.”
They stare at each other while John’s spine stiffens further and his shoulders snap back another inch.
It’s weird and it throws Sherlock off track and he has to harrumph before he can start to address Lestrade again.
His voice was breathless and it took him quite a considerable amount of self-control to push himself upwards and away from Sherlock’s warm and inviting body. It was just too easy to get carried away on this but John suddenly found he was a tad scared.
A third man stepped into his field of vision when they reached a low door under the stairs. The next moment, a fist connected with John’s jaw. His knees buckled and he fell to the floor, seeing stars.
way or force him, because Sherlock knows that, after five years, John either feels it or he doesn’t and there is nothing Sherlock can do about it.
can take over if it remains to be as boring as it has been so far.” He huffs with annoyance, trusts in Lestrade to catch the air quotes and presses on so Lestrade won’t ask questions. “Make Molly re-check the amount of blood at the scene, then text me. Don't call. I will presumably be very busy later on so don't waste precious time now. John?”
Another notion he cannot disregard is, no matter what Sherlock decides to do, no matter his proclivity, this is a matter of delicacy and not something he could just decide for them both, put his foot down and barrel through. He cannot just announce his conclusion and expect John to follow along like the doctor does on cases. Like he does on most of their ventures, on most of the things they indulge in. He cannot convince John to be with him in
“Leave me out of this, mate,” he mutters darkly, his sturdy hands clenched into fists, eyes dull. Leaving the deeply confounding and frankly abominable combination of
then it is either John thinking or John and Sherlock texting. If it gets too confusing, which I actually don't think it will, just feel free to drop me a line.
The next two days are blissfully busy and Sherlock doesn’t sleep at all, barely eats but it finally seems like it’s paying off now. The body of the young male found in the sewers, bloated from lying in the water, serious cuts all over its torso, a head indention the likely fatal wound, proved to be the young woman’s boyfriend and Molly was able to determine a vague time frame for his death though it was hard to tell with the state the body was in. Sherlock kept himself thoroughly occupied with searching for the elusive Tina Ripley, interrogating her family and that of her boyfriend and had uncovered that both had been to a dance club with a certain reputation down at the Thames the night they had vanished.
The concept is not dissimilar to love, Sherlock assumes, but for Sherlock that particular sentiment had led into the dark. So his own experiences aren’t exactly the book you take a leaf out of.
“Yes, if you wish to,” Sherlock reservedly agrees and finds himself taken aback by the fact that John obviously doesn’t want to rush home and lock himself into his room. His guts still feel uneasy when he falls into step beside John as they head for the near park.
They met in the middle, both on their knees, and John brought one of his thighs in between Sherlock’s. Sliding up his hands he fumbled with the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt until he could push it off his slender shoulders. Sherlock’s own hands were trembling at John’s waist, clumsily trying to push the concealing garment upwards and John, never leaving his eyes, grabbed his own shirt and took it off without further ado.
Sweet little sounds escaped Sherlock’s lips with every kiss John bestowed onto his body and John wondered momentarily who else had ever had the fabulous pleasure of doing what he was at the moment. When his lips arrived at his navel he dipped his tongue into it, making Sherlock shudder and gasp and roll his hips up to grind his arousal into John’s abdomen. His name fell from Sherlock’s lips like a prayer.
Sherlock looked up to him and when John didn’t answer he put his hands onto John’s hips and pushed them both a little upright so they could look at each properly.
"You told me this morning you were meeting her, it doesn’t take a genius. I don't know why you still care for dating, though. It sounds tedious. If you would have just asked me before, I could have saved you a trip into the city center and the money you spend on her for dinner. Actually, I am shocked you haven't made sure she was worth your while. Or…” Sherlock sat straight up on the couch and shook his hand dismissively, a sardonic smile on his lips.
“Well”, John steps closer again, shoulders devoid of their former tension, and leans onto the counter next to Sherlock. “Who knows?”
They finish their breakfast in amicable if a bit sulky silence on Sherlock’s part and then John occupies himself with the morning papers. His small, sturdy hands fold the paper into half and Sherlock intuitively shifts his own hand closer to John’s, stretches his fingers and brashly compares sizes.
“Yes, considering the fact that I got him out of Serbia you are coming to the right conclusion. I did have a hand in his ventures. Indeed I did. He hunted Moriarty's men in Eastern Europe on my orders. As to the reason why, you will have to wait for him to tell you himself. But I never kept him from contacting you, that happened by his own doings. I assure you, it would have been tough but possible. He just never asked. But be that as it may, I am very sure you will convince him to talk when he is ready. It does ease my discomfort, though, that he hasn’t succumbed to drugs. Yet.”
The other smiled, too, fighting for composure when his hands cradled John’s skull. Then he leaned in and John pushed upwards. Their noses bumped and Sherlock nuzzled his into the space between John’s nose and cheek.
John bobbed his head up and down and felt elated when bittersweet pre-come leaked into his mouth. Sherlock moaned devastatingly and bit into the base of his left thumb to stifle the sound. He seemed very close to the edge after only a few sucks of John’s mouth and tongue and John would have gladly pushed him over, swallow him down and worry about his own erection later. But Sherlock stiffened and withdraw, sliding away from him. John looked up into wild grey-green eyes.
Sherlock’ mind was thrown in a loop as he recalled John standing so very close to him when he’d caught Sherlock pirouetting in their sitting room a few days ago. The way John had dabbed his lips, the way he had smiled, something of a secret invitation lingering behind his eyes that Sherlock wasn’t sure John had wanted to be so blatantly obvious about. Maybe that’s just his imagination running wild now because he’s lonely and John is the one he feels closest to.
John, having raised his glass himself, fought a heavy giggling fit seeing Sherlock stop in his tracks and give the D.I. a sarcastic look.
They are at Lestrade’s office two days later, Sherlock is scanning evidences, writing his report and setting everything into order for something productive to do and make time go faster. He’s in an excellent mood. They’ve solved a murder case earlier that day where Sherlock has made brilliant deductions in connecting car tires, bank accounts, a wooden puzzle box, a stray cat and, absurdly, a special brand of mint ice cream. John had called him amazing, brilliant and outstanding. Sherlock has loved every minute of it and the particular urge to show off hasn’t left him yet. He’s still riding an adrenalin high that’s better than any rush cocaine could ever provide him with. He figures he might as well employ that stroke of genius with the wooden puzzle box again. He wasn’t able to crack it earlier but it didn’t really mar his success with both the case and John. Sherlock has never though solving crimes could be even more fascinating but John’s adoration and praise proves him wrong on a regular basis. He feels wonderful.
With the dull pain of deprivation on his mind he dozes off on the sofa in the afternoon and dreams of John again.
Sherlock pursed his lips, his features momentarily blank. But then he smiled mockingly and a soft glimmer appeared in his eyes.
If Sherlock never hears from Irene Adler again, it will be too soon. He doesn’t regret to have saved her life in Pakistan but, fascinating and dangerous creature that she is, she’s come close, so very close to hurting him, to ruining him. If his heart hadn’t already been signed with another’s name it could have become hers and she would have used it to her own advantages, which would have been more than he could possibly have handled. Which is why as Sherlock had looked into her eyes in a hotel room somewhere in India, where she’s offered herself for him to take, and seen the darkness lurking there, he’d resolutely sent her back to her own room before they’d finally parted ways and left the country in the dead of night.
It’s exactly like that now, only more mature and less save. Decidedly more painful. He finds himself wishing that, despite John’s general transparency, his language were easier to read. It’s just so frustrating how—
Sherlock’s voice is rough and his heart clenches painfully in his chest. It irritates him thoroughly that he just cannot catalogue his feelings and act accordingly. It’s like he’s lacking something or the idea of something… He only sees John and is properly aware he’s the revolving center as well as the reason to his own state of confusion and all Sherlock wants to do is sidestep it all and bury his face into the hollow between John’s shoulder blades, close his eyes and—
John turned to look at him and it was at that very moment that he saw a vast amount of emotions flood Sherlock’s face. He looked like he was suddenly cracked open. Then he exhaled deeply, lowered his gaze and slowly began to open the buttons of his left sleeve.
“If I remember correctly, there is a broken-down wall two streets from here. From there, we could escape into the next subway,” he heard Sherlock whisper, his chest heaving rapidly, his shoulder touching the side of John’s body with every breath.
John nods, smiles tiredly and rubs his eyes, the slight tension around his shoulders dissipating. “I am well knackered, so yeah, of course. You’re on a case, I am happy you propose to sleep at all.”
Instead of answering John only glowers at him, blue eyes dangerously dark and narrow, grip still steadfast around his wrist. They glare at each other for a moment in looks that could cut diamonds before John relents under Sherlock’s incredulous stare, and though he removes his hand he still hovers close. The twitch Sherlock feels under his sternum at that is mildly distracting but, really, how can John be so illogical and think a trick like blowing up the flat could work twice. He removes the lid carefully anyway.
An “Oh” escapes his lips as everything falls into place and finally, blissfully, the context of John's reaction and words at home and later in the lab make just that much more sense.
“John, no,” Sherlock says and it’s really hard to not give himself whiplash, because he’s rolling his eyes so hard while underneath his heart beats ten miles per minute. “I am not likable. People don’t like me.” Which Sherlock knows is true from experiences. Manifold experiences. But it’s hardly his fault that normal people react to the truth of his deductions in ways that, mostly, are uncalled for. May those ways lead either to a bloody nose, a black eye or being showered in insults and threats of utmost harm. Sherlock is what and who he is and he refuses to change for something as dull and pedestrian as social niceties. Always will. Always ready to convey that willingness, or rather lack thereof, in any way, shape or form he sees fit. He certainly knows John likes that witty snarkiness about Sherlock and Sherlock certainly likes that about John as well as John’s compassion, smartness and general sass. But no matter how you twist and turn it, people in general don’t like Sherlock because he’s difficult and even though John evidently does, it is hardly John’s fault he doesn’t like him in the
“That’s a nice thing to say, dear. I don’t want to interfere with your life, but you must know, whatever your… little domestic was about---“
But then Sherlock's phone beeped and his attention instantly snapped elsewhere, leaving John at a loss, feeling feverish and in need of a good swig of his rum tea.
“But that was, what, four weeks ago?” John’s eyes are still very big and in order to properly look at Sherlock he puts a bit of a distance between them that Sherlock instantly wants to erase.
When they reached a second junction, John finally knew where they were. The main street wasn’t too far away, and they might have been able to escape into the subway or catch a stray cab. He felt his momentum pulling him straight ahead into the alley, but Sherlock yanked him to the right, and behind a dark batch of wooden trash. A few seconds later, he saw the two drug dealers crossing the junction. If he had kept running, they might have seen him.
He shook his head, at a loss. What had he done wrong? What was he misreading? God, it was heavily frustrating how much he suddenly felt like an intruder in his own flat and guilt washed over him. This was the place he felt at home. But was it also still home to Sherlock? The other man must feel strange because he could only come home at night so as to not run into John. Yes, he did check on him, though, if Mrs. Hudson wasn’t making things up. But how it must feel to him, sneaking into his own flat because things had gotten out of hand between them. John felt terrible. Confused. Left out. And somehow also left behind again.
It feels amazing. The beat is everywhere in his body and after a moment he lets loose and twirls again, twice, his eyes fixed on the window sill for balance, his leg bent, foot nearly touching the kneecap of his left leg, his head in the rhythm, his body firm and yet flexible. It's been too much time to be bold and go
Now, as he dressed in comfy sweatpants again (he’d been wearing nothing but comfy stuff the past days, he was going to miss that, even though he certainly wouldn’t miss the useless amount of time on his hands that just made his thoughts circle around Sherlock and their unsolved tension that came along with it) it was becoming increasingly hard to defy the urge to text him again.
Sherlock was obviously losing patience with his older brother, and Mycroft made no effort of hiding just how much he enjoyed it.
- fully on top of him. Between two kisses his soft lips wrap around Sherlock’s name and pondering the case and its precariousness becomes less and less attractive.
“Ah, yes, little brother, two more things: I have taken it upon myself to at least bring you a new shirt.” Mycroft tossed him the shopping bag he had brought, and Sherlock caught it in midair, angrily glaring at his older brother.
He’s demonstratively glaring at the bloke on his right as the tube arrives at the next station and an elbow crashes into his ribs. Out of the corner of his eyes he sees John glance at him. It is instantly distracting and Sherlock immediately forgets his sore rib. John is standing rather close to him to his left in the full compartment but not as close as would make Sherlock feel uncomfortable. John’s consideration towards him truly is admirable. He might ignore John’s personal space whenever he sees fit but that doesn’t mean he’s okay with the other man invading his. Usually. It feels wholly different today.
Living with Sherlock as a flatmate had always come easy to him. John had never minded his experiments cluttering their kitchen table, his playing the violin at ungodly hours, his general annoyance with the world, his particular shade on the autistic spectrum. How he himself never ceased to be amazed by Sherlock’s direct and on-the-spot deductions. How Sherlock shared the teensy exceptions, the tiny things he didn’t get right by 100% with John only. John had idolized him greatly, there was no denying it.
Nothing in both his real and imaginary space had prepared him for the sheer amazement of having Sherlock Holmes laid out under him on the sofa. They had resumed kissing after that very untimely phone call and John had been a bit unsure about how to proceed. He’d taken Sherlock in his arms, and cursing their height difference under his breath, had buried his hands in Sherlock’s dark and satin curls. He had found an intensely vast amount of pleasure in letting his fingers glide through his soft hair, straighten out single curls and see them snap back into shape. Kissing proved to be quite a sensation as well now that he knew Sherlock really wanted to and there was actually time for delving headfirst into it.
Lestrate’s sounded a bit bemused, his voice loud enough over the static that Sherlock, close as he stood with his left hand still at John’s waist, could listen to him, too.
“My goodness, any preschooler has better mental capacity than that idiot Anderson,” he splutters before regarding Lestrade closely. The man is shifting uncomfortably and shuffles his feet on the linoleum floor, refusing to give way.
“It’s something you need, Sherlock, something that I hope will make you happy,” John says… before he winks at him.
Anything you’d like to discuss? You think I made a mess with the design of Sherlock’s mind palace because you’d prefer a castle and not a mansion, you’d like to share your opinion on 80s Pop music or you’ve just recently discovered a new rare gas? Please leave comments (and kudos <3).
He grumbles non-committally, hopes that’s enough of an answer for the cabbie and ignores him for the rest of the ride.
“Oh, come on, John, you didn’t have to come to Bart’s with me. If you had other plans, you could have just followed through with them.”
opportunity that will present itself in any way, shape or form to taunt them about their hilarious timeframe of deciding to actually start dating. It may all be rather pathetic but leverage against Mycroft is leverage against Mycroft, and therefore precious and rare.
Sherlock nodded, his look becoming first insecure, then blank. He crossed is arms over his lean chest. John decided to press on, nevertheless. This just had to be done.
Sherlock turned around and looked at him and John was momentarily angry with the nurse for disturbing him watching Sherlock, when, for once, the other man wasn’t watching him.
, but if I remember correctly, which I am sure I do, you’ve rather enjoyed it yesterday. We could also have a soak- together, if you like.”
“Are you alright? Tea is ready in a moment,” he hears John say. He sounds wary, his eyes huge pools of concern. His face is still a bit dirty around the hairline even though they’ve both tried to wash off most of the muck at the morgue.
Across from him, John has given up waiting for him and waves at the waitress. Before Sherlock can do so much as blink, the girl is at their table, a big smile on her face and when John attentively smiles back at her, her eyes begin to shine with the attention. Sherlock seethes and clamps his mouth shut in recalcitrance. John is a handsome man, he concedes, charming and likable, and since he isn’t Sherlock’s, John can technically smile at whomever he likes. Females certainly like that smile of John’s.
“You said your date was otherwise occupied,” Sherlock stumbles to say and his eyes involuntarily flicker back to John’s lips. The lips that have just kissed him and still shine with that kiss.
Of all the things he’d expected, anticipated and feared, the words he had just heard Sherlock speak in his beautiful voice had never been part of any option.
Sherlock is half amused, half-surprised about John’s funny way of glossing over the awkward bits. He still looks like he is waiting for further elaboration but it’s all getting a bit hazy now because what does one do in a situation you have only ever experienced under laboratory conditions? It is Sherlock’s turn to blink and blush and John lifts a hand to gently fumble at his right ear lope and cheek bone.
If John were proving a point Sherlock would let him. There won’t be a second time if Sherlock can help it. If John wanted to live by the harsh contrast of shapeless jumpers and jeans for every-day-life and dressing up on special occasions Sherlock would suffer through the bad days and savour the good ones.
Sherlock’s hands came up, softly stroking from hips upwards over his abdomen and chest to his shoulders and back down again, skin to skin. There was nothing to hide anymore. Catching his lower lip between his teeth again Sherlock let his fingers rest onto John's hipbones. Neither of them said a word and the only sound that could be heard was their deep breathing. God, just looking at Sherlock, his face flushed down to his collarbones, was enough to make John want him more than he’d ever wanted anything before. It took him a lot of effort to take his time and not throw himself onto Sherlock, whose eyes were huge and tinged with awkwardness. But after a moment he squared his shoulders and determinedly reached down to rest his hands onto the fly of John’s trousers, where John’s met them.
It’s utter bliss - it’s wonder and elation, like a warm gust of wind around his body and Sherlock feels the skin around his neck tingle deliciously again. It is so intense this time, he can feel it down his back and up into his scalp and he makes quite a show of buttoning up his shirt and tucking it into his trousers, playing for time to savour the feeling.
“I don’t know what my brother told you about the past two years,” Mycroft said, as usually skipping the small talk and coming directly to the point.
They are still standing in front of the restaurant, unmoving, and John eyes him intently. The restaurant door opens again and in the light that spills out onto the streets, something in John’s eyes change. It’s just a moment, though, barely more than a blink of an eye, and when Sherlock tries to look closer, John has already turned and adjusts his jacket. Sherlock frowns.
Noticing his awkwardness, John pulls him flush to his chest, nuzzling his jaw and as the first graze of sharp teeth pulls at the delicate flesh under his ear where his scarf has been pushed out of the way, Sherlock lifts his head, a deep moan rumbling through his throat. John groans and presses a soothing kiss on the teased flesh before coming back to his mouth.
“I knew it would be a bad idea exposing you to crap telly. It will just increase your general annoyance with the world,” he said and took his own teacup into his hands. He was standing in the middle on the room now and felt uncomfortable about where to sit. Sherlock was still on the couch and it looked like he was going to stay there, his delicate fingers playing absentmindedly with a pleat of John’s blanket. John realized how uncomfortable he looked the moment after it was getting too obvious and dropped down on the couch as well. He felt Sherlock’s gaze upon him before the other shifted uneasily against the pillows. The air around them felt unbearably heavy. And that probably was what made John yearn to work certain things off his chest.
Men don’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day, full stop. A man like John Watson shouldn’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day, full stop. A man like John Watson deserves so much more, would want for so much more, all the evidence tells him so. Sherlock doesn’t know what John Watson wants.
If it would have been solely sexual desire, that could easily be remedied. But John was past delusion… it was more… so much more… making his body ache in places he didn’t know could hurt so bad. The last time he had suffered so much was when Sherlock had died. And that imprint on his very soul had never truly gone away…
John was looking sideways at Sherlock, wondering for a second exactly why there were touching so much all of a sudden. They’d always been a bit too close to each other but they’d never really touched. John’s confusion grew. In order to quell the effect Sherlock’s touch had on him, he increased his tempo, overtaking him. As they turned around the next bend, this probably saved them.
A chagrined expression crosses Lestrade’s face and Sherlock wants to scream. “Sorry to hear that, mate, I know you were quite smitten with that one,” he sympathizes, clearly uncomfortable, and if he’d stand any closer to John he might have actually awkwardly patted him on the shoulder. Instead he straightens both his tie and his shoulders and when he looks at Sherlock again, his chin is set.
Underneath John’s sturdy fingers, where they rest against his palm, Sherlock’s pulse picks up pace and thrums, fast and unmistakable, and Sherlock must have turned his wrist somehow because suddenly his hand lies properly in John’s, holding onto it. As they regard one another, Sherlock thinks that, perhaps, talking isn’t such a tedious thing at all and perhaps he might indeed succeed in extrapolating John’s emotional disposition and how he would react to Sherlock’s. He clears his throat and just makes to ask for more data to figure out what`s behind it all and has tainted the atmosphere around them, when a sudden wind emerges. It’s not strong, not a proper breeze where it caresses his face, but with itself it carries a whiff of John’s cologne. Along with that other scent that, after five years, Sherlock knows to be uniquely John.
He must have growled in exasperation and annoyance or else made a sound because there is a hand on his shoulder and when he turns, Lestrade gives him an inquiring look.
A second man appeared at the window, mirroring his companion in raising a gun. John swallowed heavily and found that he had positioned himself in front of Sherlock, semi-blocking him. His chest was heaving laboriously, his brain drowning out all the white noise around him as he tried to estimate their chances for escape, finding them rather limited. In just a few moments, their evening had turned from entertaining to life threatening.
When Sherlock suddenly stumbled on the last step of the staircase, John took a good look at their surroundings. The front door through which they had come in earlier was too far away to make a dash, even in the unlikely case that Sherlock could equally detach himself and follow. And with the guns that he felt at the moment pointed at the back of his head, that option was fairly out of reach.
The mind palace consists of a very logical system. To aid and ensure remembrance Sherlock has built it to resemble a very spacious mansion and every room has its own purpose. That also applies to their respective furniture, shape and style. It is like being in the place for real, seeing and touching real things, absorbing real information.
“Let’s go home?” he proposes and takes half a step backwards to turn down the path leading them to Baker Street. Sherlock lets himself be tugged along, their eyes meeting every few seconds and while their strides gradually pick up pace, the buzz in Sherlock’s guts picks up simultaneously and he wonders if his rather innocent fantasies about John will be overwritten with something more tactile tonight, something less innocent once they reach their flat.
Their eyes locked when Sherlock exhaled, but instead of giving an answer, he took John’s hand in both his own, cradling it. The ghost of a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth and sowly, his eyes never leaving John’s, he lifted it up and pressed a gentle kiss into John’s palm.
He’s indulged in sex at university with four very different ways. The mechanics are clear, predictable. He knows about rubbing, drunken groping and oral exertion, and he certainly knows about penetration and post-coital regret, disappointment and escape. It has all been rash at night and harsh in daylight. Transport in a way Sherlock has come to resent and give up on quickly.
Last night’s dinner at Angelo’s has provided Sherlock with another clue. An important one. Even though John’s knees had touched his several times and the general plenitude of patrons in the restaurant had created a certain physical closeness and a distinct feeling of intimacy in the small and secluded area they were sitting in at their table, John hadn’t glanced at him the whole night. If Sherlock were so inclined he’d call the atmosphere rather,
PS: I so fell for Mycroft; he is amazing. If I could spend an evening with a character from the series, I'd choose him. We'd have Scotch in front of a fire place and talk about politics.
It made things a little better for him, though, that Sherlock’s face also took on a distinctive shade of red. They sat like that for a few moments before John felt Sherlock exhale, as if having come to a decision. He then leaned forward to gently kiss his forehead. John looked up at him, his heart feeling raw and tender and full of insecure affection towards the man who was leaning in so close to him.
Sherlock fixated him and god John found he looked too beautiful and enticing to be true. The leg he had wrapped around John fell back onto the couch. He was panting, his lips red and swollen.
In his heart John is a generous and gentle person, surprisingly smart and witty, socially competent and very easy to like. His presence has made Sherlock's work a lot easier, made dealing with Anderson and the likes considerably more agreeable. However, Sherlock has also seen John’s dark side - when his face is drawn into stressed lines, his eyes fierce, his voice low and his hands clutched into fists. The way he gets angry, his eyes dark and flat.
Quieting his brain, he let his attraction to Sherlock take control. He raised his hand and cupped Sherlock’s face, thumb gently stroking his kissable bottom lip. They locked eyes and there was this peculiar something going on behind Sherlock’s grey-green once again. For a second, John thought Sherlock looked scared. But then he felt himself pulled in closer, very slowly, and his gaze locked on Sherlock’s mouth. He saw him whisper his name and stopped thinking. His eyes fluttered shut, and then Sherlock shyly kissed the space just below his chipped lip as John’s whole world came tumbling down.
“Since when has living with me ever been decent?” he heard Sherlock mutter but after a second he lifted up his feet and put them grudgingly onto the carpet.
There are a few questions he has to ask before they can talk about stipulations – or whatever is required now.
Sherlock is bending low over the cardstock, scissors in hand. “No. I can honestly tell you I have no idea.”
He once thought about how it is solely a construct of a very bizarre friendship that he could offer John. But now that Sherlock knows how it is to be enamoured he also knows with clarity that, whatever it is they are having, it is not enough. So it might be time to get a grip, reassess - and then offer something else.
“Well, I am not proud of the role I played in the whole game. As you well know I have delivered information where I should have known better and kept you in the dark, so I have come to terms with… offering my advice in that matter of yours, Dr. Watson.”
They had kissed. In the middle of an adrenaline-fuelled chase where men with guns had tried to take them down. With all the anger and insecurity between them, he had grabbed Sherlock and kissed him. And Sherlock had kissed him back. John was feeling quite hot and a tad embarrassed because if it hadn’t been for the space between the bed and chair, and the door suddenly opening to allow the nurse in, tray in hands, he might have been tempted to do it again.
He moved first, then he looked back at Sherlock who was clambering in behind him through the window again. His dark curls were wild, his hands clenched into fists, his graceful back was straight, and his face was drawn. One of the men held a gun to his head while the other was guarding John. No one said anything.
Before he even had his hand on the doorknob, soft violin music streamed towards him and when he quietly opened the door he saw Sherlock standing at the window, the instrument at his chin and shoulder, the bow gracefully dancing over the sharp strings. John gaped and his heart started to ache.
“I’ve bought you a bloody Valentine’s present, Sherlock, “John whispers and tightens his hand around Sherlock’s. “Surely that should tell you what you’re so obviously missing.”
John finally finds her in the late afternoon of the second day. They had followed the water flow through a tunnel into an underground pool and John had half-crouched under a barrier to get a proper look, his torch illuminating dark adjacent tunnels and old dirty brick walls while leaving the gun in his hands in the shadows.
John smiles back at him. It’s a bit lopsided but when he mock-rolls his eyes, Sherlock can actually see John is proud. Which makes Sherlock proud and his heart flies out to the doctor. They smile at each other fondly, John’s eyes start to shine and Sherlock thinks how friendship is indeed such a very weird thing. You walk along the path of life, dismissing people left, right and center because they are boring, dull and generally morons, until something changes and you meet someone random. Someone who turns out to be worth a second glance and you pick out that random human and decide that
When the sleeve was rolled up John carefully took Sherlock’s left arm into both his hands and stroked his thumb over the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s wrist up into the crook of his arm. Relieve washed through him. The skin was intact, no fresh cuts, no punctures, nothing. Only old scars. The doctor in him noted how Sherlock’s pulse buzzed beneath his fingertips. His hands were still cold but his skin shone like porcelain in the light of the sofa lamp.
How would it feel without all that fabric between them, how would it be to take John’s hands in his own and trap them over his head on the mattress. To whisper romantic profanities into his ears and watch him respond to them. To hold him down and just
Sherlock nods absent-mindedly but keeps silent. They way Lestrade eyes him suggest he wants to ask more questions and even though he abhores the pity and implied concern for his own personal circumstances Sherlock somehow cannot find it in him to brush him off. Best get it over with.
Sherlock sleeps the dreamless sleep of the exhausted. But only until 4:20am. John is half-spooned to him when he awakes, arms crossed loosely in front of his chest, body a comma at his side. Dead asleep. Their hands had come loose but their naked feet touch under the covers that have slid down around their waists. It is still peacefully dark outside with just a hint of morning. In the light from the street lamps Sherlock can make out the forms of his furniture, the door and the analogue alarm clock on his bedside table. Everything appears a bit shapeless, blurred around the edges. The window is a square patch of lighter grey tinged with orange in the wall at his right. On his left John’s dark silhouette rises and falls in smooth breaths of air - the incarnation of sleepy warmth and comfort.
“Be careful,” he hears John say, his voice dull as if coming from far away, “There might be rodents.”
Sherlock enters the sitting room the second Lestrade opens the door. The man is totally out of breath, his hair windswept and out of the window Sherlock can see a car waiting at the kerb. They stare at each other for a second and a part of Sherlock is glad somehow they’ve only shared kisses, sweet words and caresses in the dark, so there are no secrets that can be pried from him now.
“Keep your secrets, if you must. If that’s what you need, okay. Just… don’t lie to me, Sherlock, please.”
“Endearing? My god, Sherlock, so glad you’re such a force of nature. But if you want to keep on kissing, you’d better shut up now.”
“I am not scared by you, John,” Sherlock whispers and immediately feels vulnerable and raw in front of those blue eyes.
“Don’t even think about it, man,” a voice above him resounded. John felt strong hands grab his arms and jacket, hurling him back to his feet. The man guarding Sherlock had stepped closer to the tall detective, and pressed his gun onto his pale temple, forcing his head to tilt into an uncomfortable angle. John noticed that Sherlock’s hands were clenched into fists.
“Do you want to shower first?” John wants to know and looks him over, taking in his sodden trousers, his sweaty shirt with the grime on the cuffs and his disheveled hair. Sherlock, for once, doesn’t care about his looks and John has to ask again to get a slight shake of his head by way of an answer.
Sherlock’s head snapped up, his pool of wide grey-green eyes gone dark in the fading light but his voice stayed very soft and rang with a certain finality, as if he was just stating the facts without emotion.
John mutely points his thumb behind his shoulder towards Molly’s office but before Lestrade can take a single step, the door opens again and Molly emerges, her mobile and a small cage with two white mice in hands.
Sherlock’s hands had stayed above the waistline at first but when John had grabbed a handful of his arse and had given it a proper squeeze, flushing heavily himself, his ears burning, Sherlock had gasped and reciprocated. With equal results.
Which are all finger food, Sherlock presumes, and while John ticks them off to the waitress, Sherlock’s face wins the fight against his mood and he cracks a smile. Trust John to surprise and accommodate him and find the things on the menu that Sherlock can easily steal while he studiously keeps on pretending he doesn’t want to eat at all.
, which is old-fashioned and pedestrian and overall hateful. Sherlock would so love to live in sin with John. His private fantasies have, so far, been rather innocent on that front, but after all that had happened with Victor he’d repressed that particular part of himself and had exiled it into the deepest vaults of his mind palace.
A bullet cracked, chipping the concrete next to him and John scrambled away from the storehouse. He followed Sherlock into the jumble of dark and empty streets. The moon had sunk very low, and wasn’t giving off much light. But he instantly found Sherlock, who waited for him in the darkness. John didn’t stop when he reached him, but grabbed his arm, and together they ran for all they were worth. They reached a junction, and Sherlock pushed John to the left. His heart was close to snapping, his lungs burned, and gusts of harsh breath were leaving him in rapid succession. Still, the adrenaline in his blood kept him going.
“I don’t like this,” John says a second later, clearly unsure of whether to let Sherlock keep at it or drag him off to safety and call a SWAT team. Sherlock cracks a half-smile. “Oh, I do.”
“Tell me what?” Sherlock asks, cautiously, because, clearly, he must be misinterpreting John’s prompt. John’s ocean blue eyes are fixed on him, as if calculating the earnestness of Sherlock’s question and whether it is worth an elaboration or olive branch, and Sherlock fidgets beneath the glow of John’s attention. A lack of female involvement on what John has already confessed were indeed plans for the night, and a present announced in a text message to pique his interest and get him home. John’s ensuing jealousy when Sherlock had received what another, entirely mysterious and unobtainable person has bestowed upon him for reasons not yet fully discovered. Surely that points into a certain direction. But is it really that simple? Could John really…?
, while they were handcuffed and had to make a fast escape. The gist of it all is that they are comfortable around each other and Sherlock has never ever before imagined that touching John Watson could be such a highly confusing and tempting affair. It certainly wasn’t when they were handcuffed and that has been the closest they’ve ever physically come into their respective private spaces.
Just a week ago Molly had told him the same when Sherlock had been to the morgue with him, fussing over the body of a teenager supposedly killed by adulterated drugs their suspects had sold. She had been waiting for Sherlock to go about his business and asked John to the kitchen for coffee, both knowing it would take Sherlock at least half an hour before he was satisfied with the results of Molly’s examination on the bodies. John had felt completely dumbfounded when she stated how pleased she was to see them back together. It must have been quite a struggle for her to sound careless. And, despite growing anger, John had blushed madly, his ears tingling as if Molly’s word had burned him. He had been in a rush to leave as soon as convenience and courtesy allowed.
John raised his eyebrows in surprise. He wanted to laugh at first, but seeing the boy's stony face, he stopped himself.
"It was a buddy. I will study chemistry with him. I need to improve my grades,” he said in a gentle tone. Harriet rolled her eyes and made a muffled noise.
“Well, it won't be that easy. I'm pretty good at chemistry. Actually, you get it too, but if you want to get A from her, you have to be a genius.”
John stood dumbfounded, staring at Sherlock as he nimbly maneuvered between the students until he disappeared around the corner.
"Okay," the blond boy said, not sure how to react to Sherlock's answer. "Siblings can be very annoying. I know something about it," he added, not sure himself where this conversation was going.
"Okay, have it your way. I'll do whatever you want, just say yes. This is my only chance. My dream. I don't want to give it up because of a stupid grade and a mister bighead who thinks he is better than others and therefore can humiliate them.”
The week passed relentlessly quickly, and John, apart from a lot of chemistry tasks, had team training and a history test. Plus, Harry didn't help at all at home. On the contrary, as soon as she slipped through the house, she was leaving behind her a huge chaos.
he thought as he sat down at his desk. As he pulled papers out of his backpack, a small piece of paper fell out of the pages.
“I didn’t-“, John shakes his head in befuddlement, takes half a step closer to Sherlock and uncrosses his arms to put them onto his hips. “This isn’t mine.”
aside, if Sherlock has needed any more data to deduce the atrocity of John’s obviously renewed dating habits, he’s been served quite an armful.
John nodded, weirdly happy with how Sherlock’s voice had caught on the right words. He pushed the bedside table out of the way, feeling reckless.
He turned around and swept from the room, leaving a very agitated Sherlock who stormed off to the adjacent bathroom only to emerge a few minutes later; his upper body washed, and his shirt changed.
“You’re beautiful,” John whispers and his hands wander over Sherlock’s back to press into the hollow over his buttocks and around his shoulder blades. He gathers him tightly. “Beautiful and so precious, Sherlock.” They resume kissing, lazily at first, but it soon becomes quite a feat to breath properly around the moan that is back in Sherlock's throat again. John’s foot strokes Sherlock’s and his big toe nudges the soft part beneath his tibialis posterior. His restless hands come up to cup his face and John’s fingers come to a brief stop around his ears, his thumps caressing Sherlock’s tragus before they move on. Shifting slightly because their hip bones bump one another when Sherlock’s long legs fall victim to gravity on either side of John’s, Sherlock is very much aware how their bodies are already several steps ahead of them. There is a distinctive
He felt incredibly stupid right after he hit the send-button. Sherlock’s answer only took ten seconds to arrive.
They were searched for their phones and weapons before the men forcing them down the stairs at gunpoint. They walked through a door into the small building that they had been lying on top of before. John found his hands, which were raised above his head, were steady - the urge to protect Sherlock overwriting every nuance of fear he might have felt otherwise.
John knew he had to force all attention on himself now. He cleared his throat and, turning to the window, made a show of scrambling noisily to his knees. It worked, and he saw the man at the window raise his gun at him. Out of the corner of his eyes, he noticed Sherlock silently dumping his phone into the gutter.
When Sherlock returns from the loo, he is surprised to find John has already covered their check and is holding Sherlock’s coat. Sherlock wordlessly lets John help him into it, steadfastly refusing to read more into the gesture because John is an attentive person and
“Would you mind walking back home?” John asks, softly, “It’s not too far and I’ve eaten rather a lot.”
"Mmh, Lestrade really hasn't got anything new for me. God, I am so bored. How do you cope with that every day?"
The press of his lips make John hum again and Sherlock lips and tongue vibrate. “Yeah,” John agrees after a few more firm kisses that, Sherlock notes with relief, have a reassuring effect on both of them. He tucks Sherlock’s head down onto his shoulder and pushes his fingers into Sherlock’s hair to lazily twirl his curls.
They silently crept along, constantly on the lookout for their pursuers, but could neither hear nor see them. Sherlock walked very closely to him, now and again brushing the side of his body. John’s adrenaline-fogged brain was very much aware of every movement, every touch of Sherlock’s hand and elbow. He soon found it hard not to be distracted, and blood rushed to his face. At least he wasn’t cold anymore.
"Tell me again, why I am here," Sherlock demanded as he and John left the cab. John saw him burying his hands deep in the pockets of his coat and shooting him an accusatory glance over the roof of the car.
Sherlock stretched his long limps and turned onto his stomach, his hair tousled and his eyes small from sleep. John mirrored him and they were both tilting their heads to look at each other. Sherlock smiled and his face was open and unguarded.
He would make sure to create a secluded space between them that no one can breach, a space that holds John’s attention and drowns out the rest of the world.
“I see how upset you are with me, and you have every right, but please don’t make me. You said you wanted me to stop being dead, and I heard you. That’s enough.”
He shuts away his revelations and goes about the day with an uneventful though very long shower, a cup of tea and Mrs. Hudson’s almond biscuits. He misses John and their easy domesticity terribly and discovers a new quality of missing someone. It’s the kind that goes with a painful clenching of the heart, the kind that mere fighting against just doesn’t offer release. Loneliness is not a concept unknown to him, mind, but since he met John Sherlock has felt it considerably less.
When Mrs. Hudson nodded, John made to pass her but she stepped in his way, an earnest look on her lined face.
“Sherlock, I know you knew the dealer. There are no two ways about it. You’re doing it again. Why? Are you already bored again? I want your supplies... and I swear this time I will tear the whole flat to pieces.”
His fingers hovered over the still open message field and he texted the next words in a rush to just get them off his heart.
The veins on Sherlock’s right arms also proofed to be unscathed but John nevertheless let his fingertips circle upwards to the nicotine patch Sherlock had stuck to his skin. There were remains of glue from its predecessors and John touched these as well. His eyes remained fixed on Sherlock’s exposed arms and he felt very calm all of a sudden. Sherlock’s gaze was upon him but John didn’t let go.
Though the question sounds matter-of-factly, John’s voice is soft. Sherlock can only stare because, whatever he’s expected to happen now, it’s not that and, first of all, there is no way at all that he could be angry about his own shortcomings with someone as perfect and scintillating as John Watson.
John didn’t like Sherlock’s last two words. He looked around, troubled. He was still riding an adrenaline high and needed to calm himself forcefully.
“There is a small smutch of colour on your upper lip, could be mistaken for lipstick, considering the fact, that you have just been on a date. But I am sure it is nothing of that sort whatsoever. I presume it is sauce from the dessert you had. You said you were going to this ridiculously expensive Italian restaurant on Oxford Street and they serve their Panna Cotta with wildberry custard. You are a sloppy eater, John. You didn’t kiss her good-bye or the smutch would have been more of a smear, so that means her company wasn’t delightful enough. Therefor it went bad.”
His heart was fluttering when he pushed his blanket and legs out of the way to make space on his bed, but he was relieved when Sherlock rose from his chair to sit close to him. John mustered up his courage and put his hand onto Sherlock’s arm.
“Don’t move, or I swear I’ll shoot you myself,” John heard the man say to Sherlock. Their eyes met again, Sherlock’s gaze flickering to his lips. Time was still going by in slow motion, and looking at Sherlock with a gun pressed to his head, John’s mind flew back to that dreadful day when Sherlock had jumped off the roof. There had been blood everywhere, staining the pavement. Sherlock hadn’t moved, his gaze congealed, his life had been smashed out of him… and John had felt so numb and helpless… His mind wrapped around Sherlock with a bullet in his clever brain, eyes extinguished.
want to deal with Mycroft and Brexit - and John is the most important person in his universe, Sherlock regards him closer. John’s hair is combed back neatly and the lights that bounce off the gold-silver hues in his hair highlight his blue eyes. His simple blue-grey jumper does wonders for his complexion, even in the neon light of Bart’s lab. The dark jeans hug his legs and hips in all the right places, his shoes are threadbare but clean. Which suggests...
John’s brain felt dull and he was taken aback when he noticed how his heart had started to beat in double speed. Sherlock had checked on him while he was sleeping in his bedroom. Sherlock had never been to his bedroom before. As far as he knew. One never really knew with Sherlock, though.
At some point waiting had become utterly intolerable and Sherlock had written John a message to ask if he was alright. He’d been happy like a smitten teenager when John texted back a minute later.
“Sherlock, I want to talk about- Oh, Inspector,” she says and smiles uncertainly, her eyes darting between the three of them, assessing the situation and coming up worried. “I haven’t finished with the body, the last test results haven’t come in yet.”
“Why do you think I’d give you something you don’t need?” John asks, incredulous, before stopping himself and shaking his head dismissively. “We’ll come to that,” he placates and squeezes Sherlock’s hand reassuringly. He doesn’t let go, though, and Sherlock cannot fathom why but right now, John is speaking again. “Just let me get this straight first because whatever you’ve cooked up in that massive brain of yours, you got that bit wrong. There is no female.” Sherlock can practically see John gearing up to the next words. “Likely will never be.”
However, if he is totally honest with himself, the worst and most confusing part is the fact that it’s not only John and his motives he’s questioning. It’s also his own. The picture of how he suddenly wanted to touch John’s hand at Angelo’s hovers before him and it’s nothing he’s ever encountered before. It doesn’t fit his set of data about humanity. He has never in all his life touched someone just for the sake of feeling them skin to skin, without any ulterior motive. He knows Mycroft thinks the prospect of physically getting close to people frightens him but that’s not true. The truth is: It simply doesn’t mean anything to him. He entertains physical and also emotional contact when the circumstances require him to, when it is a possibility to obtain data he needs or to get doors open for him. Mind, he’s not totally incompetent when it comes to touching someone in an explicitly sexual context, no matter what Mycroft thinks. Everybody experiments at university but after setting himself up with four different specimens, two of each gender – all for the sake of science and because he’d been a tiny bit curious – he had found that this area is certainly not one where he would seek fulfillment.
John really has small hands, his ears are also small. And his feet. He is currently comfortably tucked into his chair, one leg planted firmly on the floor, the other crossed at his ankle, one elbow on the table top, both hands around the newspaper. Sherlock cannot see his face but the morning sun highlights the few strands of his sandy blond hair visible over the paper. He is turning silver, Sherlock thinks and smiles into his teacup.
Three hours later he opened the front door of 221B Baker Street and crept into the hallway. He took off his jacket and stepped into his flat. Sherlock was still sitting on the couch, his feet back on the coffee table, toes wiggling alongside eyeballs and muttering under his breath. John took off his shoes and then collected the four teacups gone cold from the coffee table to rinse them in the kitchen sink.
“Scotland Yard didn’t have trouble tracking your phone.  Upon arrival, they were able to capture the two men who were trying to gun us down, and then came to get us out of the pit…”
John snaps him out of his reverie when he suddenly squirms and loosens his arms around him. He looks a bit contrite. “I’m sorry— I need to get up or else you have to call on the next hospital for my back before we’ve had any fun— “
Suddenly Sherlock has to grab him again and sling his arms around his shoulders. He takes one urgent step forwards, walks into John and crowds him backwards into the wall where his gun makes a dull thudding sound on the wooden door frame of the loo. “When exactly did you know?” he asks in a low whisper, voice urgent and feels John shiver. “I need to know, John. Tell me.”
“Well…” John smiles fondly, smoothing out the lines around his eyes and, aiming for playful banter, makes a show of thinking before his eyes light up with whatever thought Sherlock is sure John had already decided upon when he suggested a bath. “You’ve probably never had a proper shared bath before.” Eyes turning incandescent, he continues, “I could splash you with water, wash your hair… pull a bit at those gorgeous curls. As far as I remember it got a rather interesting reaction last night and I might want to pursue that.” Running a hand up Sherlock’s face and into his hair, he suggestively does exactly that, chuckling when Sherlock gasps, remembering.
, of all days and it’s ridiculous, it’s pathetic, utterly tedious and yet Sherlock’s hearts thuds so wildly in his chest, he’s afraid it might actually break free and soar up to dance across the sky.
“None so far.” Sherlock rakes a hand through his curls in consternation, before he grabs his tea. Everything is wrong about the drink when he takes the first sip apart from the fact that it is heavily dosed with honey, no doubt to cover the poor taste, and that John has brought it to him.
“Ah, not much, basically,” Sherlock answered, fidgeting, his shoulders tense, his eyes suddenly fixed on the floor.
They had sat like that in the hospital bed just a few days ago and Sherlock had leaned in to kiss him. And sitting here on their couch at home, John wished he would do it again; lean in and kiss him. Slowly, thoroughly, deeper than they had had a chance to at the hospital and certainly softer and sweeter than Sherlock had kissed him behind that batch of trash - when he had pressed John to his body like he’d never wanted to let go again, when the last thing they could have done was kiss before they lost the chance to. Before there was time to regret or screw it up completely. The thought hurt.
It didn’t help matters that Sherlock either thought he deserved the rough treatment John showed towards him when frustration and insecurity were just too strong to hold back. Or maybe Sherlock simply didn’t care. Sometimes he would sit in their living room, though, entirely focused on something John couldn’t see, face completely blank. Or he would spend hours in his mind palace, flipping his hands through empty air and John had to move their furniture out of his way. John mused how this was connected to whatever it was that Sherlock had done while he was away. Perhaps it was just his own personal way of fighting his demons and John found that making him play the violin usually helped.
Sherlock blinks awake to his daylight bedroom and to legs tangled with his legs and arms that engulf his waist and shoulders under crinkled sheets. Listening in to himself for a moment, he finds the buzz has quieted down and his body feels pleasantly heavy, like gravity has picked up a notch overnight and now exerts a stronger pull to weight him down into the mattress with 1.3 times his actual weight. He flexes his neck and rolls his head to the left to check the alarm clock on his bedside table, but at some point during the night it must have toppled over and Sherlock is unable to see the digits. His whole bedside table actually is askew and Sherlock thinks he might have bumped his elbow into it when John had gone down on him.
They get tossed awake by a rattling of the front door and shoes clattering over seventeen steps of stairs at 7:54 the following morning.
It only takes a moment for John to take over and Sherlock once more bows to sentiment and expertise that is just so much greater than his own. John makes a rather musical noise as he tugs Sherlock - chest and legs and hips and
Lestrade’s strained growl hardly hides his annoyance as Sherlock sweeps by him. John placates the DI with a pat to his shoulder, eyes dancing and colour rising in his cheeks, before they hurry downstairs onto the street behind Sherlock, who has already flung out his arm to hail an empty cab.
“John— You— there you are“, he finds himself stuttering stupidly, gratefully, and his lips tilt into a slow grin to mirror John’s wide one. “Welcome home.”
John was distracted when Sherlock shifted his weight a bit and put both his hands onto his waist, clearly impatient and already annoyed due to the phone call and its inappropriate timing. John looked up at him and sighed, trying to keep up with what Lestrade told him. Something Lestrade had said caugh his attention.
John cottons on immediately, though. “Good” he simply says and his voice is very low. “I did wonder, of course I did. Last night you said you’re not an innocent and surely that didn’t refer to only snogging— did it?”
“Why would I be taking him out to dinner?” Sherlock is thrown for the same loop again but Molly only cocks an eyebrow as if she expects him to be either obnoxious or obtuse on purpose. “Because it’s Valentine’s Day and I thought-“
John was gasping heavily when they broke the kiss, his eyes shut tight, trying to hold his thoughts at bay. His lip was bleeding again and he could imagine how gloriously disheveled they must have looked. His face felt hot; his heart beat with a speed that had nothing to do with the exertion of running; but his hands were steady where they touched Sherlock. As he trapped Sherlock between himself and the wall, John experienced a second rush - affection, desire, confusion - crashing down on him. How could it be that Sherlock’s lips felt so good on his own? How could it be that Sherlock was kissing him back? So much for intending to not get involved…
There was nothing sweet about their kiss, and the way Sherlock pressed him to his chest and held him tightly made John think of a drowning man clinging on to dear life.
“You know it is totally beyond me how people regard it as desirable to engage into certain activities in order to gain physical well-being just because societal conventions dictate it’s convenient, even prestigious? And yes, listen closely, because I may under certain circumstance be inclined to think that it could be worthwhile if one is and I shudder to even say this out loud: in love with the other party involved. But then again, our culture is full of stories about questionable things people do when they are in love.”
John’s current jumper gives Sherlock pause as deductions click into shape. He counts two and to two together.
John abruptly turns back to him and tries hard not to purse his lips. After a moment of awkward hesitation he nods. Once.
For a second John looks like he wasn’t going to answer. When he does it’s probably Sherlock's urgency and the ‘please’ that makes him change his mind. In any case his words turn the atmosphere around them into blunt electricity.
“I am not hungry,” he declares and puffs up his chest to loom intimidatingly over John. If the doctor believes Sherlock will act as a pitiful replacement for a missed Valentine’s dinner with a faceless blond, then he needs to reassess and come up with another option because Sherlock will definitely not comply.
It is hilarious and irritating the way his skin prickles when he can feel John glancing at him. Oh, it isn’t like John never looked at him in the first place, of course. John always does when they are around each other - that’s non-disputable. He looks him straight in the eyes, confidently, self-centered, in a way only John can. It’s natural, mind, it’s what people do when they are around others, Sherlock muses. Humans look at each other. But it is not only social conformity and decency; it is also navigation, self-defense and assessment. Sherlock certainly knows how and where to look. And what to look for. He makes a living by looking, deducing, seeing things no one else notices. He knows he’s very good at it, effective, though usually not part of the setting, one might say. He knows how to calculate from afar, taking no part on his own whatsoever.
By the time John got out of the tub, his thoughts having turned in circles again and again, he was so restless and full of longing for the presence of the other man that he wished they would just talk about it and be done with it, no matter the consequences. Or just not talk about it but still be done. As long as they were going back to their normal, twisted and shockingly intense friendship. If that was what Sherlock wanted, if he wanted John to ignore the fact that the other man had left him in an emotional mess, twice, after he “died” and after he came back, he would grant him that wish. He was too weak and too miserable to fight anymore. If it meant being a coward but getting Sherlock back, he’d pay the price and deal with it.
John cups his hands around Sherlock’s face and brings their foreheads together. He’s breathing heavily. “It was more of a process, Sherlock, I don’t know when exactly it started, maybe quite early, right when we met, maybe a bit later but at first I didn’t know what to do with it and how to think about it. But— “ He huffs a breath of laugh Lestade in the kitchen just
“I wonder what I am to him if he cannot confide in me anymore. It’s all gone wrong but I wasn’t the one who let him down.”
The way John’s expression changes is breathtaking to watch. He instantly lights up at the non-sequitur, obviously eager for a change of topic, too, and a soft smile plays around his mouth. It’s accentuating the lines around his eyes handsomely and Sherlock has to bite down a smile of his own.
Mycroft’s slim fingers encircled the hot coffee cup, holding it at a graceful angle. John was instantly reminded of Sherlock’s delicate hands and how the other man had touched him only two days ago. Scowling, he turned to the window.
Both started to chuckle and it felt as inappropriate as giggling at a crime scene. Here they sat, trapped, and likely to be shot at anytime, laughing because they couldn’t contain themselves. Everything just felt so unreal, especially when Sherlock cautiously put his arm around John’s shoulders to offer more warmth.
“Just because it’s you, Gideon, I will forgive your drunken state,” he said and put it to his lips. But Lestrade stopped him, wide-eyed.
“But you know, there is something I was wondering about, Sherlock, and I would be very happy to receive your answer.”
“I am having fun,” Sherlock blurts and mentally curses his inability of remaining focused and not make a sorry fool of himself in front of John again. But there is just such an incredible variety of new data that’s flooding his mind that he finds himself in dire need of proper processing and classification. Needless to say how daft and overwhelmed he feels in the face of this downpour. The four specimen in his experiments at university may have shown him everything about what to expect from carnal exchange and stimuli but they have obviously totally failed him in matters of preparation for the unbelievably distraction and natural force of a true lover’s heartbeat against his own.
At first he’d been bashfully quiet when John had practically whipped him out of his garments, scattering them carelessly to be left where they fell, joined by John’s only moments later. It had been such a long time since he’d last engaged in carnal pleasures and at first had found it surreal and strange to follow John’s lead and let biology and sentiments wash over him. He’d felt utterly vulnerable, a tiny bit stupid and utterly unprepared for the onslaught. But John had simply kissed him, encouraged and reassured him and soon had him reduced to soft moans, thrusting hips and wandering hands. Everything outside his bed had been rendered irrelevant and utterly dismissible. Being touched by John and touching him in return had allowed his baser nature to surface, a nature that wants to smell and hold, kiss and taste. To claim and be claimed in return and at some point he’d given himself over to the rush that is all
“Are you already up to having breakfast? I’ve made quite a lot,” John asks when Sherlock shuffles into his chair at their kitchen table.
Sherlock tears away his gaze and lets it roam over the trees and pathways around them, while he tries to collect himself for the ensuing manipulation. Hands hanging at his side, he aims for a casual stance but probably misses by a mile. It is quite dark around them, though, and John is less observant when he’s emotional, so the chances are high that the deception goes undetected.
They eat in amicable if a bit suspenseful silence, both clad into pajama bottoms and flimsy t-shirts because the night is warm and humid after the rain. After John had made him a second sandwich, which he only eats the filling of while John eats the rest, Sherlock cants his hips to let them rest sideways against the counter, facing John.
John’s smile morphs into a bright chuckle while the twinkle in his eyes becomes positively blinding and suddenly there is a spark between them. Teetering for and back on his heels, John says “I know you’re not. You’ll like it though, I am sure. But I am afraid you will have to wait a bit longer.”
To his surprise the doctor huffs a laugh and a bit of the twinkle that Sherlock adores so much comes back into his eyes. “Oh, that’s it, I get it. My god, Sherlock, you... Are you- No - Could you be… jealous? But I thought…” Shaking his head John says, “I texted with Molly at the lab, you git.
They stared at each other in exasperation, but then Sherlock’s face turned blank again as he shook his head. All energy immediately left John’s body. He lowered his head as defeat washed through him, his voice becoming quiet.
He kissed him fiercely and wound their hands together, pushing them down on either side of Sherlock’s head and when he moved his hips against Sherlock’s it was sweet and intense and so painfully arousing that both of them gasped in unison. Sherlock's eyes were half-closed and his fingers tightened their grip around John’s.
This is incredulous, Sherlock decides. “Mrs. Hudson, you’ve known John and me for five years now,” he says, displeased. “What on earth gives you the idea he’d give me flowers? I don’t need flowers, flowers are
“I think we should start at the beginning, Sherlock.” John’s voice is calm and steady. He is still gripping Sherlock’s wrist but his fingers have slacked a bit and slipped down to Sherlock’s palm. A look of determination comes into his eyes. “I was texting Molly at the lab,” he explains, “because she asked me if you’ve gotten your present. To tell you the truth she encouraged me in buying it for you in the first place. I thought it would help me get things along. Make myself clear. But instead of mine you received someone else’s and that has gotten you all worked up and I confess I was pissed that you dragged me off to Bart’s when all I wanted was for you to receive and open
Sherlock has to gloss over his fit of blushing with an indignant roll of his eyes and only barely notices Lestrade emerging around the corner to the kitchen because he feels so dizzy. Lestrade lifts the small plastic bag with his left hand, the phone still in his right, and makes mock goggle eyes at them. “Are you done schmoozing?” Lestrades says. Sherlock instantly snaps into case mode and points at the evidence to once again demonstrate his superiority. “This has been found in the victim’s stomach,” he says for John’s benefit. “It is a part of a plaid, made of small wooden balls, all slightly elliptical like this one here,” he states and there is that gloating sparkle that lights up his eyes. “Very fashionable with Pakistani cabbies I might say.” He tilts his head slightly. “Come along, John, there must be more to this abduction than we‘ve found so far. Try to confirm where the cabbie is, get him and text me, Graham. We’ll meet you at the Yard. You have two hours.”
John’s body moves again, slightly, dragging their combined hands higher up Sherlock’s chest and suddenly it’s all too much and Sherlock is afraid to go and ruin what’s blooming between them. He needs to think. Desperately.
“Why do you believe that, Dr. Watson? He came back to you and has stayed with you ever since. I don’t think he will leave again. You are angry with him but that is only understandable given your situation.”
“Nevermind, where were we? So...” He’s towering over Sherlock and strokes a hand over his cheekbones, teasingly, his eyes gleaming wickedly all of a sudden and Sherlock stares, enthralled, thinking how magnificent a person John is. “As I see it, the test results of that digitalis flower won’t be due until much later today and Speedy’s is open until 10pm, so what do you say to, maybe-“ John trails of and skims sturdy fingers down Sherlock chest, delicately brushing a nipple. Sherlock shivers.
“You really don’t have any idea who could have sent it to you?” John is asking and Sherlock has to shape up and pay attention. When he looks at him, John’s face is closed again.
. And he’s not making me do anything, no one can make me do anything.” Even after all these years and all shameful evidence, or rather lack thereof, to the contrary, people around them still believe them to secretly be a couple. And
It is the following afternoon and Lestrade eyes Sherlock quizzically when he hands him a manila folder at NSY.
“I— John— “ He feels inapt and too big and insufficient again, just like he did when they kissed in Sherlock’s chair last night. “You
“Tell me it’s not flowers, your present”, Sherlock rasps, leaning forward and tightening his arms around John’s stalwart form. John’s answering laughter is deliciously ragged and breathless.
Sherlock’s head snaps up when John steps next to him on the pavement and smiles uneasily. There is something complicated in his eyes again but the light is too fickle for closer examination. Sherlock breathes so he is able to hide his panic. To brush it off and pretend he’s just taking deep lungfuls of mild, spicy night air.
John is actually intending or follow through himself and tilt his head downwards to claim that gorgeous mouth where it so readily hovers inches before his face, several things happen simultaneously. His phone chimes again in the inner pocket of his suit jacket, and there is a clattering of footsteps behind the door to their lab before Lestrade bursts into the room.
John couldn’t believe how matter-of-factly those words sounded. He kept his careful distance to the other man, biting his already raw lip. He felt the anger back in his belly, the warm feeling from only this morning gone.
The feeling was elevating and a low groan escaped John’s lips. Sherlock’s touch twitched something in him, something that made his body react in a rush. His hands came down to grab Sherlock’s hips and work his fly open in one fluid motion. Their mouths locked and it was pure sweetness and elation and wonder and desire and everything. He pushed himself up onto one food, Sherlock’s hand still in his pants, his long fingers moving clumsily over his erect cock. John’s higher position gave them a wider range and his hand slipped deeper, bunching the material of both pants and boxers.
“I never took you for granted, John, never,” John heard Sherlock reply in that deep baritone of his and there was just a hint of trembling there, belying his calm and controlled demeanor. Suddenly John was so tired. He certainly didn’t feel in a condition to fight just now. He hung his head before looking at Sherlock again. If felt a bit like giving up, though, and his voice had lost all its sharpness when he said:
, the pocket of the boy’s raincoat may have preserved the material from the direct effects of the Thames water but Sherlock’s guess is that the body has only been disposed of mere hours before it had been found. He pulls the booklet out carefully and puts it on the table for later examination. Then he pries his fingers under the back of the case behind the CD to thoroughly take apart the whole ensemble.
“Ah, then you’ll have to be patient,” John concludes, his mirth evident behind the mock-pity of his voice.
John’s sleeping form next to him reaches out a hand, lazily grabs at his upper arm and Sherlock’s thoughts stumble. His head tilts towards the motion and the soft and lazy rustling of fabric. Half expecting John to have woken but then seeing he hasn’t, he watches him sliding closer. Fingertips ghost over his skin, seeking warmth, leaving a shiver in their wake that has nothing to do with the room temperature and everything with chemistry and suddenly John turns closer still and everything tips over into something very much like cuddling when John’s hand comes to rest on Sherlock’s chest, and they lie temple to throat and shoulder to shoulder. Sherlock watches in silent amazement how John instinctively accommodates, gives a slight huff and lies still again. Being a grown man notwithstanding, he looks rather sweet when he sleeps. Peaceful. Sherlock smiles. He lifts a hand, carefully puts it on top of John’s where it lies on his chest and it’s hilarious how good that feels.
He cupped John’s face and his hand was trembling badly. A rush of embarrassment surged through John when he realized he’d gotten completely carried away. If this really was all new to Sherlock, and John was far to embarrassed to even try and suss it out, or worse, ask him, he had to grant him a moment to psych himself up. And then carry on, slow.
John’s voice is gentle and he seems chuffed when he shifts a generous amount of beans in tomato sauce onto Sherlock’s plate, along with two soft-boiled eggs, bacon and the inevitable toast.
to see to the practicable things first. No matter how high the adrenaline rises - and John is a junky who will always go for the rush - whenever there is a delay in the plan or they need to take a bit of time to recalculate, John, as an ironclad rule, provides tea. Tea and food and warmth and comfort. However, at the moment Sherlock doesn’t care about either. His frustration with both the case and his emotional state is so palpable, he’s radiating waves of genuine distress and the way John has handled him since they found the body tells him John knows there is something going on that is absurdly out of the ordinary.
“You are being utterly absurd, John. Sexual intercourse is first and foremost a matter of individual perception and, as it appears in our case, is intensified by romantic involvement. So if last night is anything to go by—as far as I am concerned you needn’t be afraid. I am certainly not.”
John pressed his lips onto Sherlock’s forehead, lifting his hand and playing with a strand of his dark and messy curls. Sherlock looked at him and his eyes suddenly became very wistful and shy again.
He hears John moan softly and when they shift their mouths, a dry little patch of skin on John’s lips clings to Sherlock front teeth. The intimacy of it nearly frightens Sherlock and makes his heart beat frantically in his chest and against John’s. John notices. He takes over and uses his tongue to dab Sherlock’s lips, thus making their kiss and their movements against each other a tad smoother, a tad more passionate. At this point it finally gets messy.
Under the covers they look at each other again for a long moment before John shifts and reclaims Sherlock’s hand where it lies between them on the pillow. “Sleep, love” he whispers and kisses his fingers. Warmth floods Sherlock’s chest and, when it is clear that John intends to keep holding onto his hand while falling asleep, that warmth lodges firmly behind his sternum. Sherlock closes his eyes and listens to John breathe for a few precious moments before sleep engulfs him and sweeps him off into soft oblivion.
True to his proposal John hadn’t fussed with continuing their rather aimless stroll through Regent’s Park and had led Sherlock down the quickest route to Baker Street. There, he’d taken Sherlock up the stairs, out of his clothes and into bed with a single-minded determination that had let Sherlock to deduce he himself hadn’t been the only one engaging in fantasies of a certain nature. His warm hands, capable mouth and strong body had spread Sherlock onto the sheets where John had devoured him well into the early hours of the morning until Sherlock couldn’t remember either his name or where his body ended and John’s began.
Looking up without meeting his eyes John noticed Sherlock’s glass was still half full, the champagne presumably gone stale. He chuckled under his breath because he knew Sherlock wasn’t much of a drinker, anyway.
“I have been a dire threat to your life, John. Forgive me for not telling you, for leaving you. I’m-- you are everything and if you let me, I’ll never leave you again. I’ll be by your side.”
are either holding hands, sitting in the windows of restaurants, dreadfully close, or towing around giant bouquets of flowers to give to beloved ones.
As the ride goes on, Sherlock finds that he is paying a highly unusual amount of attention to John and his arm. He lets his eyes catch their combined reflection in the door windows now and then and tries not to be too conspicuous about it. Then he looks at John’s reflection only and finds himself really looking for the first time in quite a while.
“I don’t like being lied to,” he snapped at Sherlock and shoved his hands into the pockets of his trousers to stop them from shaking.
John found his voice again, anger boiling high in his chest. How stupid had he been not to see it? Why would the homeless network inform Sherlock about this one drug lab among certainly dozens of them in London? And so soon after the dealers had escaped without anyone seeing their damn faces?!?
Thanx as always to my badass beta-reader Kisa. My thanx also goes to Maik who helped me make it beautiful for John and Sherlock.
“I’ve lost a considerable amount of innocence, decency and well-wishing to the world since I met you, Sherlock.”
“No, don’t doubt anything, Sherlock,” John reassures him. He kisses him softly, his gentle accommodating self again and the flicker of enticing dark a foggy memory, his hand warm on Sherlock‘s shoulder. “I want it to happen but not now, not in a rush.” He smiles. “For me it will still be the same once the sun rises.”
“What”, Sherlock asks again and scrunches his nose but John immediately waves a hand at him. “It’s the delivery service, it appears they went and delivered your present to the wrong address. God, this is so silly.” Turning to Sherlock, he explains, “The package is at Speedy’s. Has been since yesterday afternoon, in fact. They must have sent it with another company, otherwise I would have received it when I got the anonymous one. This is just…” He huffs a mirthless laugh and lets the offending phone fall onto the floor. “And guess what Mycroft texted me about yesterday at Bart’s. And I didn’t check it.”
Before he really notices what’s happening he’s out of his chair and five long strides take him to the kitchen door. Here his courage immediately goes out of the window and he feels unbelievably stupid and self-conscious all of a sudden and mourns the fact that he has never learned how to be close to people.
Mycroft had seemed all business up until this moment but when he turned around John thought he saw something in his eyes, something… terrifyingly sad. It might have been just a fraud but all of a sudden Mycroft looked genuinely afflicted, his troubled eyes somehow belying his cool demeanor. It was just a moment, though, and then Mycroft was in control again.
flower. Foxglove or digitalis purpurea to give it its scientific name. Very fascinating flower with a variety of deadly toxins. But still only
John has told him his present was something Sherlock needed but now that John’s heart beats in time with Sherlock‘s where they embrace in the loo and wait for the tub to fill, Sherlock thinks that he already has everything he needs. Here, in his life at 221b, in his arms.
John nods and pads the small of his own back protectively. “Cabbies seem to be quite bad a bunch. Where are we going?” He looks up expectantly, eyes impossibly blue and ablaze with light.
So John obviously plans to go home and… what? Sit in his own room and be angry with Sherlock? Is John actually angry with Sherlock? And if he is, what precisely is he angry about? The whole situation is just so confusing, so overextended that Sherlock scrunches his face in agony and desperately longs for his violin. Or a cigarette.
John shut down his thoughts, because he tended to get sidetracked when he was nervous. Lifting the headpiece of his hospital bed with the remote control, he adjusted his position to sit a little more comfortable before he dared to look at Sherlock again. The slender detective was staring at him and John felt a faint warmth creeping into his ears and settling there.
John was feeling at a loss somehow and it hit him how uncomfortable the flat felt to him without Sherlock. But the other man was evading him, that much was obvious. Sherlock needed space.
John snorted but bit back a reproach and five minutes later he was sitting next to the older Holmes brother in the back of his car, both of them holding a paper cup of coffee in their hands, John gloomily nibbling on a brownie but soon gave up and put it into a pocket of his jacket.
John raises the other eyebrow, his hand that has already reached out to take the heart freezes hovering above their table. He hums in lieu of an answer and just then Sherlock realizes what exactly he has said, has implied with his careless choice of words and he instantly mourns the fact that the ground beneath his feet studiously refrains from opening up to swallow him whole.
The only response Sherlock finds himself capable of is letting it happen. When John’s mouth collides with his, he freezes, blinks and immediately runs a scan over his whole body and where it touches John’s to assure himself that this is really happening. But since John doesn’t pull back and instead presses his lips more firmly against Sherlock’s, it is indeed happening. A frisson jolts through him but the warmth that follows in its wake is soothing and comforting where it pools in Sherlock’s guts and he shapes up and presses back before his shocked rigidness can deter John and let him come to the wrong conclusion.
John noticed how he had migrated towards Mycroft in the last minutes of their exchange. Finding it hard not to grab his collar and shake him he leant back towards the door, hand over his face, hurting.
John smiles, deeply satisfied, a twinkle in his eyes. This is definitely how he likes John best and Sherlock thinks that he could watch John’s smile for ages - in fact, he always feels slightly drunk on it, bewitched. When John crosses his arms in front of his chest, the fabric of his fuzzy jumper produces a soft swooshing noise and Sherlock wants to gather him in his arms and squeeze him or at least put him into his pocket and keep him forever.
Sherlock opens his mouth but finds that no sound comes out. He tries again but all the oxytocin must finally have unfurled its damaging effect on his active lexis.
"Why, your company is most delightful, John," Sherlock said matter-of-factly and picked up his phone. John was flabbergasted. That man was really clueless sometimes.
“Do people actually watch this nonsense and believe it, John?” Sherlock sounded incredulous and lifted his teacup to his lips to drink.
"To social kit and good humour with friends.", Lestrade said after shaking his head and pinching the bridge of his nose. He clinked his glass to John’s, looking him full in the eyes, then turned to Sherlock with a questioning look.
Sherlock’s smile widens and he reaches out a hand to cart it through John’s hair. It’s quite a feat to not immediately jump out of bed and tear down the stairs to Speedy’s to finally get his hands on the present John had intended to woo him with. Sherlock bites his tongue the next second because ‘wooing’ is just such a pedestrian term, but he just cannot help how his cheeks hurt from smiling and his heart lurches hard in his chest. John certainly
They finally break apart, both inhaling shakily, and the kisses hang between them like half-solid presences. The air feels electric when John says “I am not trying to mess with you on this” at the same time as Sherlock finally dislodges John’s name from where it is stuck in his throat.
“Where do you think you’re going?” John’s voice is sleepy and raw but he intensifies his warm grip around him.
“Lock them into the office and then see about storing the equipment,” he told the other two men before turning to Sherlock.
Sherlock jerks himself awake, momentarily disorientated, his chest heaving laboriously, his eyes wide, wide open and the sound of his own cry in his ears. He’s panting and sits up in bed, his arms and legs tangled into sweaty sheets.
Internal conviction notwithstanding, Sherlock’s eyes follow John to the kitchen, as they always do since John has moved back into Baker Street. Too late he realizes John has yet to answer his two questions.
Sherlock fidgeted next to him, pushing himself away from the table. He paced the room for the next five minutes before slouching against the wall where he slid down to John’s feet.
Who would have thought Sherlock could be so damn seductive - while still wearing all his clothes? Neither of them had made a move towards getting rid of their respective garments, yet. They’d kept it on just this side of innocence but John was past illusion. He’d never wanted anyone so bad in his entire life. He just didn’t know how to get there with Sherlock. Even though Sherlock was fairly aroused himself. John could feel it through the fabric of his suit trousers.
“It might not be what you expect, I am the way I am and I don’t know if I can… Being with me isn’t exactly a picknick, John.“ Sherlock says, his voice tinged with frustration, turning small a moment later when, as an afterthought, he utters “I don’t know what you expect...”
“Sure. Greg probably prefers me to do the paperwork, seeing as I am a lot more patient with him than you are,” he teased and Sherlock rolled his eyes in mock drama. Almost as an afterthought John said:
It’s been all about hands and blunt fingertips, skin and sound and blue eyes gazing at him and wouldn’t it have been so utterly distracting and time consuming, thus keeping him from The Work, Sherlock might have considered a quick dash into the shower to just do something about it.
“Good afternoon, dear.” She was all smiles and sparkling eyes, standing in the door and looking at him. He returned her smile readily.
Though he turned to address Lestrade Sherlock cannot ask his question because, again out of the corner of his eyes, he notices John’s blue eyes on him and again it feels like Sherlock has caught him doing something utterly private. Even though they are in public.
“What?” John says, eyebrows shooting up when the penny drops and the conclusion strikes home. “You dress up for Mycroft?”
Ever since John moved back into 221B Baker Street a few weeks ago after Sherlock had resurfaced from the dead, (returning to the only place John had ever called home in his head had seemed the logical thing to do) there had been a certain tension between them. They had thoroughly lost their equilibrium. John noticed time and again how hard it was to get back to their old life style after two years of him trying to move on. And failing gloriously. It had nearly shattered him to watch Sherlock step off a roof to his “death” after Moriarty’s dreadful campaign to destroy his reputation and make everyone believe Sherlock was a fraud. A thing John had never believed, not even when Sherlock told him it was true. Which it wasn’t. He didn’t know why Sherlock had told him that.
John gets him out of the cab and guides him into the flat, his hand on the small of his back and when Sherlock tumbles into his chair John wordlessly goes into the kitchen to make tea. Sherlock instantly misses the stability John’s touch has offered and feels boneless and clamped like a rag doll.
.” John stares at him before a moment later something shifts in his face again and he smiles a fond smile, completely and utterly throwing Sherlock for a loop.
The D.I. raised his glass again, an expectant look in his eyes. Sherlock's lips turned into an annoyed line.
It really suits John, this glittering silver in the thin strands of his hair and the way he combs it back gives him a strict but benign look that Sherlock has come to appreciate a lot.
John shook his head, trying to clear it and passing the pictures off as an aftermath to the earlier conversation in their sitting room. There was no time now for idle daydreaming, or for pondering potentialities.
“Look, John, I am sorry about tonight. I certainly didn’t want us to end up here. It must be your danger fetish that keeps you from living a quiet life, making you run around with me instead.”
Sherlock‘s whole intellect is narrowed down to the way John hums his name. He wants to reciprocate and get lost in those warm and compassionate arms, press his face behind John’s ear and just breathe. He couldn’t care less about the fact that they are both muddied and soiled and smell of two days’ worth unchanged clothes. There are more pressing matters on his mind.
“I couldn’t let that happen. John, you deserve nothing but the truth. I am sorry I didn’t have it in me to give it to you earlier.”
“I didn’t take you for a romantic,” Sherlock hears himself say and it is surprisingly okay for now. John’s words contain a modicum of sense.
They are still standing close at the counter, much closer than the open room necessitates and the protruding table top Sherlock is leaning against is plunging uncomfortably into his side. Most of his weight is pressed down on his left leg where he’s shifted to accommodate within the narrow space between stool, counter and
"Just the thing to distract me from my night's ordeal. That was a message from my homeless' network.”
“The two drug dealers Scotland Yard let escape were just seen driving to a storehouse in London Harbor. I'll get dressed."
"You are always at war with the world, I know. But I am not playing your game today, Sherlock, so shut up."
But the way John says it, his voice low and so enticingly honest and real makes his breath hitch in his throat. His heart lurches sideways and it all goes straight into his abdomen, where it leaves a very warm imprint. “Yes,” he whispers. Another deduction falls into line and he smiles. “And I wouldn’t want for you to have given up dating for nothing.”
If he were to give himself credits for body parts, he’d say his buttocks uncontrovertibly make the top of the list. That and his cheek bones which John had already admired once. Sherlock doesn’t think he is overly handsome but under normal circumstances he never had to rely on looks only. In any case, he deduces, trying to calm himself, John had kissed him repeatedly and held him despite the fact that he’s been grimy, ruffled and smelly, and that finally settles the matter. It isn’t like he could change anything about his body and physical appearance now anyway. Showering and shaving had done as much improvement as was at all possible.
Maybe he’s just missing the essential puzzle piece but Sherlock’s mind is running in circles and just
It takes a long moment before he can safely step away again and loosen his touch on John. John tucks his dark grey cardigan securely over the gun at his back where it has come up his sides, his blue eyes wide and twinkling. “Come on,” he says at normal volume and it looks like he has to fight to hide a besotted smile. “Let’s go get you solve that case, then I’ll cook you chicken and chickpeas and you can tell me all about ballet.”
,” Sherlock inquires lamely but the feeling that he might be missing something about their conversation returns with full force.
The buzzing stopped after a few seconds and John had already forgotten about it again, Sherlock’s hands at his jaw and at his waist made that only too easy, when it was suddenly Sherlock’s phone that made itself heard in his pocket.
Sherlock’s gaze flickered to John’s lips as if he wanted to resume kissing him but didn’t quite know how to get there.
,” he splutters caustically a moment later, “when that idiot Anderson says so, it would be more than wise to fully ignore this lead and concentrate on your more reliable and less stupid personnel.”
After a few seconds John turns again, takes a tea towel to dry their plates before putting them into the cupboard and time moves in its proper tracks again. The evening goes on and Sherlock stores the incidence away in his mind palace to examine later.
Their kiss proved to be so very different from the first they’d shared. It was dry at first, hesitant and shy on both their parts, and then it turned firm and wet when John’s tongue touched Sherlock’s mouth and he opened it to grant John access. Sharp sparks of passion kindled in him and shot through his body to form a warm pool in his belly. He fought a hard battle to keep himself in check but every time his tongue brushed Sherlock’s in that slow and passionate dance, the other man let out a small moan and pressed himself closer and closer, thoroughly engulfing him in his long arms. Sherlock tasted of tea and light smoke but John couldn’t bring himself to mourn the fact that Sherlock obviously had smoked a sneaky cigarette despite the nicotine patches he had glued to his arm. John’s face was hot and his skin tingled where Sherlock’s hands touched him, stroked him, his body still a little tense as if he was afraid John might put a stop to this at every moment. With a pang John realized that he hadn’t been the only one hurting.
Of course all of these measures cannot be undertaken now and, over the rim of his menu card, Sherlock eyes John warily.
To gloss it over he’s tried to regard it all as an experiment to test his sentiments, only to discover he’s already fed up with it the first night. He’d taken himself off to bed at some point to tune it all out but sleep didn’t come. Annoyed with himself he’d got up again after two hours and has spent the rest of the night catching up on his flesh eating bacteria experiment. His heart hasn’t been in it and when he finally fell asleep on the sofa around 7 in the morning he dreamed of John.
It is Michael Jackson’s “Thriller”, released in 1982, ridiculous cover, totally 80s in all aspects that matter and Google provides him with the information that this particular sample is the original 80s version and not the Special Edition from either 2001 or 2008.
Sherlock turned around and John nearly gasped at how his face suddenly looked. There was a lot of anger and anxiety behind his eyes, and it obviously took Sherlock a considerable amount of self-control not to let it spill. The other man must have seen his reaction quite clearly on his face, because he schooled it away within moments. His face turned blank, a tired and worn mask. His words came out in a strained whisper.
After he’s finished off the last scraps from their plates, Sherlock leans back in his chair and lets his gaze pan out and roam the room. Letting it repeatedly brush over John where he reclines in his chair, hands relaxed on the table between them, Sherlock puts his leg tentatively to brush John’s and considers his situation. John hasn’t checked his phone again, which can only mean that he’s given up on his original dating plans. Yes, Sherlock may still not know why John decided to ignore or forgo the awkward atmosphere around them and have dinner with him. Whether Sherlock is actually nothing more than a stopgap or
, Sherlock has never paid so much attention to John’s respective body parts before but now that John has favored him with those unusual and enticing glances, these thoughts come unbidden and Sherlock needs to make do with every clue he can deduce from John’s body language to solve the mystery.
Sherlock bristles again, internal defenses up, because there are just so many things he’d rather do than sit across an angry John that refuses to look at or talk to him. He plants his feet onto the pavement and straightens his spine, the image of steadfast reluctance, but John is having none of it. With a sigh he wilfully steps closer, puts his hand onto Sherlock’s elbow and even though their skin is separated by several layers of fabric, Sherlock’s arm immediately tingles. He huffs in exasperation and eyes John stubbornly.
“Sherlock?” he hears John’s voice from the hallway and a moment later his door flies open and there is John and Sherlock feels dizzy with instant relief washing over him.
“John. I have the feeling I’ve been missing out on something I should be clear about. Tell me, how long did it take me to see? Please?”
Lestrade had stayed for half an hour, telling them about the condition of the storehouse the drug lab had been in. Syringes, dirt and packages of medication had littered the floor. John had repeatedly glanced at Sherlock from the corner of his eyes, but Sherlock had said nothing. John had grown increasingly worried. When Lestrade had made Donovan bring two cups of decent tea, it hadn’t beneath her to show how much she had hated waiting on them.
It is not only that, though. The way John glances at him also has another quality. It is neither deductive nor calculating, John doesn’t cast a verdict. He only looks at him in a way Sherlock has never noticed before and that makes him feel somehow vulnerable and awkward.
Sherlock fell quiet, closing his features and John had to avert his gaze to keep from blushing hotly.
John smiles again, meeting Sherlock’s gaze and holding it, the tiny gold flecks in his irises dancing, before the light in his eyes turns teasing.
“Where did you learn to do ballet?” he inquires after a few silent and precious moments. It is a question he has asked before when Sherlock was convinced he’d never share this bit of his past. Now sharing doesn’t seem so bad anymore. His heart gives a hard thud when he remembers how he’s compared his sentiments for John to how much he’s missed doing ballet and how much of a coward he’s felt because he just couldn’t make himself see past childish judgment. “Mmmh” he trails off, wondering where to start.
Sherlock saved him an answer by determinedly stepping into his space to close one delicate hand around his left wrist, his voice almost pleading when he continued to speak.
His voice sounded ragged and he had to close his eyes and breath deeply in the attempt to keep himself in check. His leg slit from John’s shoulder and John sat up on his knees, his trousers unbearably tight.
“What happened to my head?” John asked as he put the bowl back onto his breakfast tray. He comfortably slumped back into his up-right pillow, gazing at Sherlock.
Creeping towards the door, John cautiously pushed his head into the space between the hinge and case, looking around. He still couldn’t hear anything. Maybe the other two drug dealers were still storing their material into the transporter in the yard. Sherlock appeared next to him in the door, and John instinctively grabbed his wrist, giving it a quick squeeze. He was relieved when Sherlock didn’t shy away.
Sherlock’s eyes seemed very old again and they looked at each other for another second before the buzzing of Sherlock’s phone interrupted.
“Can’t you deduce it?” John asks into the wind and turns up his chin. The tiny gold flecks in his eyes are very dark in the weak light around them but, nevertheless, they are there again. As is John’s scent of cucumber and tea. Sherlock’s eyes close of their own volition as he inhales deeply, quite overwhelmed and heart pounding and when he opens them again, the spark between them has flared back to life.
Sherlock rose again, and carefully, as if testing the air between them, sat on the table next to John. His ridiculously long legs touched the floor where John’s couldn’t. John was shivering, visibly now, and Sherlock inched closer.
“Apologies,” he says, meaning his awkward words and clumsiness, not his romantic insight. “I am— “ He doesn’t know what to say but John’s blue eyes are ablaze with light. He’s radiant, his body exuding energy and warmth. There is not a single trace of chagrin. It’s absolutely captivating how self-confident John apparently is in matters concerning his own body and if he finds Sherlock sidetracked or awkward he doesn't show. Sherlock knows that, as long as John keeps on favoring him with both his lovely smile and these enticing glances, he can be inclined to just endure his own immanent stupidity and awkwardness a little longer.
,” he spats and John cracks a tight smile. He is still watching him, and Sherlock, feeling exposed, follows the need to retread further into the known ground of defensive snarkiness to hide.
“Ah,” Greg lifts his hands and snaps back into DI mode. “Official matters. We had this corpse that has been washed ashore near Vauxhall Bridge. Anderson thinks he’s been poisoned and I am here to see if Molly can confirm that theory.”
"And in what universe is there a connection between neglecting a bad social habit and bad sex? Ah, and don't you think three years would be enough to scare every drinker off, since we're talking about symbolism anyway? Did you know what percentage…"
How on earth does John do that, Sherlock wonders yet again and the skin at his neck prickles expectantly. He remembers how John offered him the tea cup last night and firmly forces the incident with its hot content in his lap out of his mind. God, that had been really embarrassing. He hates making a fool of himself but lately that is how life is around John Watson. Sherlock doesn’t understand it at all.
Sherlock hates them all with a force that is nearly all-consuming. The mere thought that John could have been one of them - sharing a small table overlooking a small park in the back of a restaurant, a candle between him and a beautiful female. Sharing desert. Strolling through the park afterwards, holding hands. Kissing in the dark.
He straightens on his lab stool and stretches his neck. His own phones has chimed several times with texts but he hasn’t bothered to check. Since John is here and definitely not texting him, it will only be Mycroft, because Lestrade would have called and Mycroft is probably the last person he wants to talk to right now.
“I recall myself saying that I stopped lying to you, John,” he heard Sherlock say. From his position John was for once taller than Sherlock and when he finally fixated him again, Sherlock was looking up at him, a concerned but honest look in his eyes.
Sherlock also shrugs his shoulders. “Just wondering,” he says and arches an eye brow a moment later. "Brandon is a ridiculous name,” he scoffs and cuts one of his eggs with a swift move of his hand. The yolk flows out in a steam and Sherlock pokes it with his toast, thus intermixing red and yellow into the salty brownish custard he loves. John chuckles and shakes his head fondly. “He might say the same about your name, too, Sherlock.”
Lestrade shakes his head while John gets up to his feet. He turns around and now it is Sherlock who glances at him. What is John doing, what is he aiming at? Sherlock has to force his attention back onto the tableau at hand to not give himself away and resumes his work.
“I didn’t know you'd ever— “, Sherlock hears himself saying but finds he cannot come up with a conclusion for his sentence. John shakes his head and saves him from his own inaptitude.
has happened between them in the lab. However, beneath the table John hasn’t pulled his leg away and a Valentine’s dinner with John, Sherlock decides, is actually something definitely worth repeating.
It's first and foremost his eyes that make all the difference in his demeanor, Sherlock muses, and the way they blaze with light, how they sparkle when John gets enthusiastic. It changes his whole expression and makes him look far younger than his years. The change is utterly striking.
Time was ticking by in slow motion. Or maybe John’s mental capabilities had accelerated. There was suddenly so much space in his head, and for a moment, he wondered if this was how Sherlock always felt. Maybe that was why the slender detective got bored so easily.
Sherlock can feel his face do something really peculiar and then his lips are on John’s again. It is a bit clumsy at first but soon becomes slow and intense and this time it is all his. There is a give and take - and a rhythm along with that delicious beat against his mouth that makes his body hum with sweetness, anticipation and electricity.
“Have you checked all your messages from yesterday?” he asks, more curious and a tad suspicious because, usually,
In his heart of hearts Sherlock knows he has never craved another person’s very presence the way he’s come to crave John’s. He understands the concept of platonic friendship, no matter how close and exclusive the thing is he has with John. It is true how he’s just clicked with John’s beautiful and amenable mind but it’s always been just that and until quite recently he could have lived a very happy and complacent life without all the emotional entanglements ordinary humans seem to need in their funny little lives.
“No, he really isn’t, it’s just his wife that’s out of town with her sister. Those aren’t even roses. The alphabet of flowers-”
Sherlock is twirling a biro in his fingers when John turns his head yet again and there it is - John glances at him.
Pondering distractions to pass the waiting time the carcass comes to mind, but he dismisses the thought of repeating his spleen experiment, because a quick look at John and his tense shoulders tell him that he’d rather be someplace else. Which is weird because John could have left any time. Sherlock may have told him they were going to Bart’s together and John is always keen to be either helpful or act as a sort of filter between Sherlock and the entanglements of the world. But John’s restlessness is thoroughly distracting and at around nine o’clock, after the final test results from the card come in, Sherlock finally gives up on his microscope.
“What are we doing now?” he whispered, crouching low to ensure that they couldn’t be seen from down in the yard. They heard rumbling noises from beneath them.
“You cannot know whether it’s perhaps explosives,” John reasons. “Someone might try and blow up the flat.”
Stumbling in the dark earlier, Sherlock had bumped into a small shelf that had clattered to the floor, blocking half of the door now. John leaned down to pick it up again. Whatever was about to happen, from now on, he wanted the space in front of the door unclaimed by rubbish.
“You sure?” Sherlock asks, softly, and wants to reach out a hand and touch John’s shoulder but John has already stepped away.
Sinking back into the hot water whose steam had already totally obscured both mirror and window pane he was feeling more or less peaceful for the first time after he left the hospital. Of course he’d pondered Sherlock and their situation and everything, it was only natural. His thoughts had flown back to both the small wooden box and its potential meaning and their kiss and almost-kiss more or less on its own. He terribly missed the other man and their easy, comfortable relationship now that his head felt clear and he was relaxing in the tub, engulfed in foam, pleasant smell and hot water. Giving in to his imagination. There was no denying the longing his body ached with. Somehow the words “Sherlock”, “romantic issue” and “desire” had become mixed together in an indistinguishable form. He thought about touching himself for a moment but then dropped it, because it didn’t feel adequate and would only have offered the wrong kind of reconciliation. It wasn’t just sexual desire, it was more, so much more. He knew that now for sure even though he didn’t know what to do with it. And he didn’t know if it was wise to bring it to Sherlock’s attention.
John nodded and she left the room, but not without glancing at Sherlock, who still stood at the window. John’s stomach suddenly felt slack. People tended to notice so much more of Sherlock than they did of him, and for just a second, John permitted himself to look at Sherlock through an outsider’s eyes. Tall and elegant built, slender chest, piercing eyes. Satin curls framing a handsome face with ridiculously high cheekbones… Kissable mouth… He wondered if Sherlock knew his effect on most people. Well, the effect he had on them before he started insulting them or pissing them off…
John’s eyes also sparkle when he's impressed by Sherlock’s deductions. Then his lips crook into a smile, his eyes crinkle up around the corners and they usually share a moment of utmost understanding and tend to drown out the world. It comes to Sherlock that, apart from having fascinating eyes and a quick mind for praise, John has a really lovely smile and sort of a cute nose…
Kisa, darling, thank you for sticking with me until the end. I might have another story for you soon.
He’s been there before, looking into Victor’s dark, bottomless eyes, and back then had decided differently. Some 10 years ago he’d met him at university and, yes, Sherlock has had all the vital experiences people have when they fall in love with someone. The glow, the giddiness, the emotional rush. The physicality. But then Victor had turned on him, had told Sherlock he’d tired of him before unceremoniously dumping him. All had fallen apart around him and when every bit of the inglorious aftermath had finally been over - which had happened with great amounts of delirious pain, depression, drugs and scars on his side of the equation - Sherlock was done with that particular aspect of humanity and hasn’t deemed it iterative in any way, shape or form. One-time encounters are totally out of the equation as they won‘t help in terms of loneliness
Mutely, he leans forwards to claims John’s mouth again but then just bashfully pecks his lips, twice, and hopes that’s enough of an answer. John’s eyes follow his mouth as he straightens himself and as they lift upwards to once again lock into his, Sherlock thinks that, the last time he’s looked into a lover’s eyes, he has looked into darkness. Now, however, as he looks into John’s where they are standing together among the dark patches of lawn at Regent’s Park, with the street lamps so far away it feels as if the world has sunken into an eternal night, the only thing he sees is light.
After a dreamless night’s sleep he awoke again early in the morning, feeling calm and in control of his senses again.
All this unnecessary confusion is part of the reason why he usually keeps away from sentiments. He doesn’t really understand the notion of desiring someone’s close proximity - of desiring
With these words, he pulled a small dark object from the insides of his suit jacket and tossed it onto John’s bed. Taking it in his hand, he was surprised to see his phone again - the one Sherlock had dumped into the gutter after he had called Lestrade and his people. Sherlock bristled at the sight of John’s phone. He and Mycroft were still standing in front of the bed, rocking back and forth in their verbal exchange.
Why in god’s name has no one ever told him that being in love with someone creates a desperate need that only reciprocation can satisfy!
“It’s yours,” Sherlock said in a hoarse whisper, his breath catching in his throat. But John shook his head and pulled him in again.
The innuendo got stuck in John’s head and grew there. So when Sherlock arched his back and leaned in for another kiss, John brought his hands down onto his shoulders to restrain him.
“Why did Lestrade call you yesterday evening before he called me? I was very explicit when I told him to let me know when they’d gotten hold of their suspect.”
“You banged it on a piece of wood down in the pit and passed out. The thing we were sitting upon happened to be an old elevator platform and the frame broke when you--”
John’s voice is calm and soothing and this time Sherlock nods slowly, disentangles himself from their embrace and all the potentialities it stands for. It is no real surprise in a fortnight of surprises one of the hardest and most distasteful things Sherlock has ever come across is acting on the inevitability of taking a simple but much needed shower now.
“I wanted this,” he whispered into Sherlock’s skin when his lips brushed Sherlock's throat, the longing and intensity of his own words going straight to John’s groin. Sherlock’s body gave a shudder and his arms tightened around him. John’s name fell from his lips, twice, and it was so full of meaning and emotion that John pressed two hard kisses to Sherlock’s mouth in the hope of letting them convey all his feelings. Because even though Sherlock had already confessed how he felt and had so evened the way for physical contact, John wasn’t ready to phrase his own feelings into words. Especially since their intensity along with the way he reacted to Sherlock writhing underneath him took him by quite a stupendous amount of surprise. He had been in love before but it had never felt so important.
“Don’t you want to read that texts? Is it John?” she inquires cautiously and Sherlock growls because it has all been so very nice when she’d stood in silent attention to hand him all the tools he needs the moment he needs them. She’s become quite astute in interpreting his silent looks towards the tool tray.
It takes about two seconds to tear off the outer paper, another three seconds to open the box and Sherlock plunges his hands into Styrofoam chips. “Oh.” No matter what turns out to be in this box Sherlock is already enjoying himself tremendously.
Sherlock is so lost, so stunned, he blinks and blinks and blinks. Whatever he might have been expecting their stroll in the park to accomplish, it certainly wasn’t that. It wasn’t John offering his deepest heart’s desire on
Imagining sex with Sherlock was something John had tried to avoid in the last days. Partly because it didn’t feel adequate to succumb to that sort of guilty pleasure when there were so many things unspoken between them. His heart might not have survived the comparison between everything that was potential between them, what his raw and wistful mind could come up with on the one side and their real situation on the other. And now he found he didn’t even have to start imagining anymore. He could just live it and do whatever Sherlock would let him do. He bent up and kissed him again. His presence felt intoxicating.
Tilting his head sideways, John saw Sherlock’s lips drawn into a tight line, confirming that John had come to the right conclusion. A feeling of utter disappointment settled in his stomach.
Lestrade only cocks one eyebrow, unfazed and patient in the face of rudeness. Sherlock eyes him over the manila folder in his hands and thinks about the distraction this current case could have offered him. He’s missed John so much last night it had truly frightened him. His mind palace is in chaos. But if he’s honest, it doesn’t really come as a surprise that, always having been prone to carry things to extremes and then spectacularly losing himself, the feelings his heart holds for John prove to be very intense and over-whelming in their manifestation. He’d grabbed his violin to calm down and enable logic thinking again but in the end he didn’t play a single note.
A few minutes later he’d pushed a hot cup of tea into Sherlock’s cold hands and made him sit on the couch rather than his chair. It was easier to tend the cut in the light coming off the couch lamp because daylight was rapidly fading. Sherlock hadn’t vetoed to John patching him up and when John sat next to him on the couch, their knees touching, to clean the cut, Sherlock’s gaze was like ever so often roaming the room but always flickering back to John’s face.
“Yeah. We should. For once we should.” John’s voice is low and firm, his breath ghosts over Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock immediately loses it and simply has to lean in and press his cheek to John’s.
Sherlock stiffens and stands very still. Pirouetting has brought him close to the door without him noticing and John must have caught him in his arms when he unsuspectingly entered the flat.
He can certainly detect the tiniest lie a suspect gives, an aberration in a tale told for the second time. He can tell if someone hides or embellishes data and guess at the motivation behind it. But he’s always found it rather hard to deduce himself, his own issues and where he stands in other people’s esteem. Mycroft may have told him that caring is not an advantage and for Mycroft himself this might be the standard. The small number of exceptions that he tends to gloss over with sarcasm and biting humor hasn’t exactly made it adequate to take a leaf out of his book, though. Sherlock inwardly curses the influence Mycroft has always had over him but decided it is something to deal with later.
“What are you doing, Sherlock?” he hears John ask and when he looks up, John has his eyes narrowed again and glares at him.
John’s last words are barely more than a whisper and it’s probably that what tips it over for Sherlock. He feels amenable where John is part of any emotional picture and if missing John so much throughout the horrible time span of only six days had taught him anything, then this is not the moment for procrastination.
“What the—?” John mumbles sleepily but Sherlock, on impulse far more protective than he has ever known himself to be, has already gently but firmly disentangled them and is off the bed and by the bedroom door. There he pauses, turns and looks back for a second before running a hand through his messy curls. Their eyes meet with a twitch of sweet regret. Now that he’s up, there is no chance to kiss John awake anymore and bath, if only for a few moments, in the cocoon of arms, mouth, scent and duvet before emerging back to the cold grip of a murder case reality. Sherlock can read his own thoughts in John’s expressive face and adjusts his t-shirt hastily where it has slid up his hips and sides. Oh, what a thrilling experiment it will be to kiss John awake. His skin tingles where John has touched him in their sleep, where his warm hand has made contact to exposed flesh. Like a sweet promise of how it could be, how it will be once Sherlock gets the chance. Once they both get it. Sherlock finds he is rather anticipating that moment.
The moment spins around them, drowning out the lab, the mystery, everything and if it wouldn’t be so utterly unthinkable Sherlock could be inclined to think John is flirting with him.
John is in Donovan’s chair in the next room, Sherlock can see him through the glass front separating the offices. A quick peek onto the computer screen tells him John is browsing through the web and editing a case on his blog because Mike Stamford has asked for links on different types of Indian headgear. It’s been a case Sherlock has solved three weeks ago. John has a smile tucked into the corners of his mouth and after defending Sherlock’s honour once again against a clearly aggravated Sally Donovan, thus smartly making everyone within earshot snigger into either their hands or files. Sherlock deduces it won’t leave within the immediate future.
