Far worse had been the look on John's face as his wife died in his arms: a grey, blank mask carved of nothing but ice. If it had cracked, Sherlock knew what he would see: loathing and blame. It did not matter that Sherlock had returned from the dead. The friendship they had once enjoyed had been forever changed. Not broken, perhaps, but tempered by what had passed between them.
With a grunt, Sherlock sat down on the floor at John's feet, leaning his back against the bold line of John's denim clad shins before arching his hips to pluck his mobile free from his pocket. The screen lit obligingly to his touch, and he dialled with nimble fingers, lifting the receiver to his ear.
Though he would never admit so out loud, he had made the same mistake with John Watson. At first, he had been nothing but one of Sherlock’s toys. One who would be discarded as soon as the novelty wore off.
'And if I don't?'
'They're flying in low under the radar,' the commander added, the pinched expression on her face sharpening her angular features. 'They must have taken off from only a mile or two away. The air force cannot intercept what they cannot see. We need to get to the vans and alert the relevant authorities.'
‘And Mycroft knows as much,’ Sherlock promised. ‘He didn’t need me. He just wanted to watch me dance. Patronising at best.’ He quirked an eyebrow at John. ‘Your challenge gave me the perfect excuse to escape. It was –’ That generous mouth pursed, as it so often did when they entered the arena of sentiment. ‘Good. It was good. Deliberate, too, if I’m not mistaken.’
Mycroft's silence spoke volumes. Sherlock could hear every wordless warning furled within its depths. 'These people are not to be underestimated, Sherlock,' he said at last.
It was quick, practical work. He had no patience for fathers who refused to deal with their baby's bodily functions. He'd seen worse anyway. At least this wasn't a blowout nappy, which would require a full bath to get Rosie clean again.
Silence buzzed in his ear, thick with plenty unsaid. Judging by the lack of background noise, Lestrade was in his office with the door shut, perhaps leaning back against his desk or slumped in his chair with one hand over his eyes.
John raised an eyebrow, a smile tilting the corner of his lips. ‘Doesn’t Mycroft have one?’ He smothered a laugh as Sherlock offered a quiet snort of disdain. Maybe there was no dead body, for once, but this was still a crime scene. Bit not good, getting the giggles.
'So you share my conclusions?'
'You think it was a cooperative endeavour?' Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
It would have been a fatal mistake. He would have fallen apart, sinking lower into volatile moods and sharp moments of depression until there was no escape, but that wasn't a possibility. He could not let himself walk that self-destructive path, not when his life held so much of value.
Sherlock hummed, quite content. John’s expression - an endearing blend of amusement, exasperation and pity – softened with a smile.
'For now, I suggest we concentrate on reuniting you with Rosie.' He reached out for his laptop, scooping it up with one hand. Neither of them were in a fit state to traipse around London shopping, but they could have the majority of what they needed delivered to the door within the next twenty-four hours. 'Tell me what we need.'
'Does anyone know how to start the engine?' Sherlock demanded, limping into the cockpit and sitting in the pilot's seat, narrowing his eyes at the array of controls before him.
John needed him, and Sherlock would not be found wanting.
Except that the safe-house felt like a mausoleum, haunted by John's anger and Mary's ever-present shade. Rosie's laughter was the only joy in the place, startling when juxtaposed with her father's brittle sentiment.
Yes, they had survived Mary's deceit, but it had not been an easy task. Her belittlement of it – the subtle, snide implication in her voice – honed the edge of his temper, and he narrowed his eyes as he looked not just at the image she presented, but beneath, stripping away the well-constructed facade without mercy.
It felt good to have Sherlock next to him again. In truth, it had become one of John's guilty pleasures - this essential proximity. The warmth of that body pressed against him eased the tattered, rough edges of himself. It had become something he craved – that nearness – and he did not want to think of how the distance would yawn anew once he was healthy again.
'Because once they realise you're gone, Baker Street will be the first place they look for you. Mrs Hudson is staying with her sister. I left London to prevent a number of potential repercussions.'
Sherlock watched John swallow his protests, common sense warring with his desperation to see his daughter. In the end it seemed the former won, but only just.
In the current, volatile situation, that was an added complication for which he could not prepare. Yes, John may have reached out to him first, may have asked for help, but he had made it clear on the brief phone call they had shared that he believed this to be – at least in part – Sherlock's fault. Was that the only reason he had got into contact, or was there more behind it? Some driving need that Sherlock couldn't discern?
It was one field of expertise Sherlock was happy to leave to others. His knowledge was basic: adequate enough to get him through most so-called "security", but this had been far beyond his ability. Mary, or someone she knew, had been more than capable of encrypting it, so what had she been hiding?
'No.' An unexpected grin pinched John's cheeks. It felt wrong to smile, considering what had happened only hours ago, but he couldn't help himself. Not when Sherlock was being like this: grumpy and stubborn and so wonderfully predictable. 'You'll stay in it until you get in the car. We can't keep your weight off your leg entirely, but we can do our best, at least until the stitches settle.'
'Rosie made it to her hideaway safely. She misses you, but is secure.'
'Scared of getting hurt, maybe?'
‘Right.’ John nodded, knowing he shouldn’t be surprised. Sherlock only acted thoughtless. ‘Well, how about we get back home. Maybe there’ll be a real case waiting for you.’
'Sit,' John urged Mrs Hudson, guiding her into his armchair before busying himself with tea. 'Are you certain it's all right having me and Rosie stay?'
Not any more.
'I'm afraid, John, that Mary knew what she was doing. By taking Sherlock, she seeks not only to exert pressure on me, but to influence you. I suspect she is aware that the only thing that might modulate your reaction is the knowledge that she has Sherlock at her mercy: a useful bargaining chip in negotiations with us both.'
'Yes. There was plenty of documentation: photographs of you and Rosie. You've been under surveillance for a while. Their outfit was organised and well-equipped, suggesting they're not some small, vigilante group. Rather they are the spearhead unit of something bigger.'
'They've had enough, Mary. Their tolerance began to wane days ago. I wish I could say with some confidence that they intended to remain true to their word, but I doubt it. They'll discard you as soon as they have what they want and destroy you if you stand in their way. What do you think you are to them? An asset, or an impediment?'
Mycroft gave Sherlock a weary glare, implying without a single word just how tiresome he was being. A moment later, the expression vanished, replaced by something far more intriguing. It took Sherlock a heartbeat to recognise it – so rare was its appearance: puzzlement.
Grabbing his coat, he strode out of his office, nodding to the receptionist in farewell and stepping into the car park, already reaching for his keys. He walked towards the car – Mary's car, really, but his now – on autopilot, every sense alert. He eyed the gaps between other vehicles, noting the empty driver seats as the low sensation of threat ran ice up and down his spine.
Death was a fact of life. It happened to everyone in the end. It could neither be avoided nor reversed. All he could do was give those who mourned some kind of answer. In Sherlock’s mind, that was worth far more than any sympathy he could offer.
John had to scurry to keep up with him as he swept out of the room, leaving the Yard to the grind of gathering statements and processing the scene. The hallways rang with their footsteps as Sherlock strode towards the exit, his hands thrust deep in his pockets and his expression locked into a distracted scowl.
'You intrude all the bloody time!' John scoffed, shaking his head as Sherlock pouted. 'It's fine. That'd be good actually. I don't think I've got the strength to do it myself. Just, wear gloves, yeah? I don't suppose there's much chance of sparing you from it, but you should still do what you can.'
‘Yeah, because the police missed something back in the day. Come on, you can spend the afternoon telling them all how stupid they are.’ John raised an eyebrow, his amusement falling away as he tipped his head. ‘And the best thing about cold cases is it doesn’t matter if you can’t solve them. No one else could either, and that lot at the Yard like you for trying.’
'An optimistic belief,' Sherlock paced over to his armchair, turning it to face Mary and settling in its depths, steepling his fingertips in front of his lips as he observed her over their peak. He had spent too long refusing to observe her truths. He would not spare her the edge of his observations again. 'Also, a lie. You knew they would not give up. That was never your intention. In fact, I don't believe you wanted to escape Harmattan: at least, not all of them.'
There. It was a soft sound, little more than a long, steady scratch against glass – too slow and deliberate to be tapping branches clattering on the window. John set his mug down with a clank, ignoring the splash of hot tea against his hand as he darted towards the light-switch, pressing his shoulder blades to the wall even as he flicked it, plunging the house into darkness.
‘She was aiming for your throat.’
'Bastard deserved it for what he did to Millie,' John snapped, trying to ignore the way adrenaline's ebb made him shake. His knuckles hurt, too, from their collision with Townsend's skull, but nothing seemed broken. He scrubbed a palm over his face before reaching for his phone. 'I s'pose I'd better call Greg, have someone come and take him away. You sure you're all right?'
A soft noise caught in Sherlock's throat: an unbidden moan of eager relief. He had often wondered what it would be like to kiss John, to trace his tongue over that mouth and savour the taste of him, but he had never imagined it could feel like this: a subtle sense of completion and homecoming as if – after years of not caring to fit into the world – Sherlock had finally found somewhere made just for him.
With John, he didn't know where to start.
John swallowed, his heart heaving as fear wrapped him in its clutches. He kept thinking back to Sherlock bleeding out from a bullet hole Mary had put in him. For all his protests that her strike had been surgical, John knew the truth of it. Sherlock had been lucky that day. He had survived a wound that should, by all rights, have ended him for good. This time, Mary would make sure he wasn't so fortunate.
‘We don’t normally talk to them until later.’
Airily, he headed towards his brother’s office. There was a straight path through there to his front door. Sherlock could make a stately, sweeping exit after his parting shot. Perfect.
John swallowed and shifted his weight. He’d been trying to get a reaction – to stop Sherlock folding in on himself beneath the burden of his brother’s presence. Mycroft meant well, but Sherlock never flourished beneath his brother’s scrutiny.
‘Do you know something we don’t?’ Sally asked, her thumb already sliding across her phone screen.
Sherlock watched him from where he sat. His gaze, so often scalpel-sharp, gleamed with sentiments that John did not dare name. He looked at John as if he could not imagine a life or a world where he would turn his back on him. Devoted in a way that took John's breath away.
'And now, if what she's saying is true, she's unable to keep up her end of the bargain, so the splinter group and the old guard have both become a threat – to her and to you.'
Either way, such a thoughtless, absent gesture would render the gloves pointless and potentially leave him infected, if he were not already. Frankly, the chances of him being spared when John lay ill seemed slim to none. All that remained to be seen was whether or not he manifested symptoms.
Whether or not his relationship with John could ever recover remained to be seen, but neither one of them could forget the past. They could not turn their backs on how close they had once been. That continued to be a valuable asset, even amidst all this uncertainty.
'I suspect it is. I don't think it's possible to overstate the political and financial value of this. I believe that many of the entries are still unsold and therefore far from worthless. Once Mycroft's minions have fully decoded it, they will be armed with valuable information to encourage Norbury's cooperation.'
And so they spent a cold, rainy Saturday afternoon conjuring up false illnesses and increasingly ludicrous health complaints, all for the betterment of John’s medical acumen.
Sweat and blood, cement dust and the raucous press of the crowd. The bloom of bruises and the pain of punches thrown and landed. Mycroft would be appalled, which only made a grin tug Sherlock’s bloody lips.
'Which suggests that Harmattan were keeping tabs on her, at least to some extent. Yet it's hardly the frequency of a full-scale surveillance operation. The photographs of you and Rosie are far more common, especially after Mary's "demise."'
'John?'
'Jesus.'
‘What’s your problem?’
'Sorry. I – I don't feel right.' He wet his lips, not quite knowing how to put it into words. It was like he existed on an unknown edge where nothing seemed real. Like he couldn’t be sure that this, too, wasn't just a dream. Part of him struggled to believe he was lying here, rather than back in a tent in Kandahar, while another could not fathom that his dead friend sat and breathed and
John looked over his shoulder, not missing the careful neutrality of Sherlock's expression: judgement free. He doubted other people would manage to be so controlled when offering such an admission. 'I never thought I'd wish for the days when she was just an assassin.' He managed a choked laugh, sick to his own ears.
John grunted, falling silent as the peace of Baker Street folded around them. The pad of John's thumb traced back and forth over the bump of Sherlock's knuckle: a steady, mesmerising beat. It called his pulse into the same, lazy rhythm, and Sherlock felt his body unwind in response.
'I mean, obviously, if it's what you prefer... but wouldn't it be best to remain as we are until we're sure the fever has gone? Your health could still take a turn for the worse.'
‘That’s one for me compared to… what? Several hundred for you?’ John patted his shin comfortingly, his rough palm scraping on the silk robe that Sherlock had slung around himself.
Yet Sherlock had not once uttered a word of complaint or made John feel as if he were a burden. He had not only answered John's needs, but anticipated many of them, from basic medical care to emotional comfort.
Now, at last, they had their happily ever after.
The dreams didn't help. Not Afghanistan. Not any more. No, his mind kept replaying bits and pieces of those two days: of Sherlock falling from Bart's, with John right there to play bloody witness. Of him arriving at the aquarium to find Mary already dying. Sherlock's silence and Mary's words. Blood on the pavement and a spotless floor when Mary was taken away.
He said very little, which made a change. Normally, he felt it necessary to have the last word, and John's stomach fluttered with nerves as he tried to read his expression. Before long, Sherlock bid his brother a curt farewell and pocketed his phone anew, taking a moment to digest whatever he had learned before turning to John.
'That suggests that they have some power behind them. They're not some small, independent outfit.' Sherlock frowned, skimming the sparse details available to him. Mycroft was right; the fake identities had been crafted with care. 'I suppose they're not official?'
As if he could ever cast John aside.
John bit back a smile as he ducked his head. Sarah knew him well. She realised he'd struggle between what his body wanted – high energy food – and what his training suggested was best for him: actual nutrition. More to the point, it seemed Sherlock had taken her advice with all the seriousness it warranted, and John reached for his tea, cocking an eyebrow in Sherlock's direction.
'They've not left the city?'
'What about the other pictures? The ones after her death?'
The breath hissed between John's lips, a shivering inhale. For the first time in what felt like weeks, he could actually taste it, as if someone had opened a window to a stagnant room. The coded letter to Sherlock had been a long shot: a product of his growing unease.
Then he’d come back, and the truth had been like a smack in the face. She might not like it, but he was a lynchpin: the glue that held them all together. They’d all been dragged back into his orbit, closer than ever before, if that was possible. Part of her had wanted to fight it, to turn her back and hold her head high and just walk away, but she wasn’t an idiot. Her career had stagnated in his absence. She was going nowhere fast.
'Did she call you?'
Sherlock wet his lips, his fingers tightening in emphasis. 'She was truly desperate, to the point where she was refusing to acknowledge likely outcomes to her own behaviour. She had invested too much of herself, her life and her future in retrieving that file to be deterred by an injury.
'Yet it is another risk for you to consider. Your position is not as secure as you believe.' Sherlock leaned forward, his finger hovering over the button that would disconnect the call. 'With that thought, we shall leave you.'
'Not often,' John pointed out. 'Besides, you must have seen something in Norbury to make you decide it was Mary. Did she give something away? Something I missed?'
'Either one of them is lying, or they've got nothing to do with it.'
'I'm going back to bed,' John murmured, his statement of surrender pitched low and weary. 'I can barely sit upright.'
'Everything all right?' John shuffled into the kitchen, his head tilted to one side and his brow creased in concern. 'Bad news?'
John winced. He really rather wouldn’t. Bits of people were not alien to him, but there was a big difference between an arm blown off on the battlefield and this. Still, he shuffled over to Sherlock’s side, crouching down for a better look. The suffocating mask over his face shifted as he pursed his lips. ‘Clean. Really clean. This looks almost surgical.’
'Yes, but I'm not sure it's what you're thinking.'
Light faded as the sun ducked below the horizon. Its absence sharpened the chill, and John tightened his hand on the top of his cane. His knuckles cracked, ice-like. Clouds gathered in front of his face, trembling free from his own lips. How long had he stood here? Too long? Not long enough? He didn’t know any more.
'Call him "lover boy" to his face, I dare you,' John chuckled, clearing up their rubbish and putting it in the bin by the door before following Greg out.
'Wrong.' Mary sneered. 'Don't play me for a fool, Sherlock. I’ve seen your brother do everything in his power to clean up your messes and negate the consequences of your actions. This time will be no different.'
He'd clung to that, back then. Not Mary herself, but the normality of her. She was the counterbalance to all of Sherlock's madness. She was the firm foundation that John relied on.
Something pinged off the fuselage, and John swore: a long, loud string of fearsome invective that crackled over the radio and made a cold sweat prickle along Sherlock's hairline.
The van loomed near, and John wet his lips, looping around and keeping back from the vehicle. His Sig rested in the palm of his hand, braced and ready as he inched forward, craning his neck for a closer look at the corpse.
‘Don’t care.’ John wrinkled his nose and turned on his side, burying his nose in the hollow of Sherlock’s throat and giving a happy, low hum. His tongue darting out to lap at the salt-slick of sweat that lingered there, and delight shimmered through Sherlock’s muscles. ‘Mmmph. You’re cold.’
'Talk,' he barked, lifting his chin and straightening his shoulders: every inch Captain Watson. It was the only defence he knew, the only way to offer some balance to the maelstrom of emotion that rose in his throat and caught his heart in a tempest. 'Tell me what this is all about.'
'What if he does call Mycroft?'
John sank gracelessly to the floor, his knees banging against the boards as his vision swam and his chest heaved around great, wretched sobs. Desperate words that carried no hint of his voice fled through his lips: rasped and useless. They were meaningless pleas to a God he didn’t believe in and knew damn well wouldn’t be listening, but what else did he have? How could this be it? How could this world, this life, this reality be his?
In many ways, that would have been preferable to the truth. At least in anger, there was a core of feeling: a heart of sentiment. Yet over the months since his return, even that spark had faded into chilling indifference.
‘Yes.’
The change of topic felt like a blessing: a retreat from a chasm he still had not discovered how to bridge, and Sherlock restrained a sigh of relief. 'Probably. I might visit the morgue when I'm allowed out and see what I can discover.'
Compulsive behaviour in a situation where one felt out of control was common, and he doubted Sherlock could claim any immunity. Unfortunately, his patchy memory could offer little in the way of clues. He hadn't noticed any distress, but then he'd been in no fit state to look for it.
A few minutes later it became clear that Mycroft had not been exaggerating. His underlings had done exemplary work, providing both distant shots and close-ups of the monument. They must have used a drone and a skilled pilot to capture every single name, and had thoughtfully made sure to number and reference them to form a complete picture, along with informing him of its exact orientation within the graveyard.
'I'll let you know what I find. This whole situation may not be as clear cut as we had hoped.'
'God,' he muttered, slumping against Sherlock's side. 'I just want to go home.'
John managed a sleepy murmur, though whether it was of gratitude or complaint, Sherlock couldn't ascertain. Either way, he was too far gone to clarify, slipping back down into darkness and leaving Sherlock once more to his vigil.
'Hah, he's probably not noticed I'm gone. He was elbow deep in... something... when I left. Still, yeah, I'm too old to miss out on a good eight hours of sleep, these days.'
Well, if that was the case, they clearly had not considered the power of Sherlock's homeless network. He planned to use the information they had gleaned to his full advantage.
Phil cocked his head and blew out a sigh. 'Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Thinks the sun shines out of his own arse, but he's a long way off champion. He wouldn't inherit the title from Millie. That'd be Sasha. Her. Right there.' He pointed to one of the closest fighters. 'Not that she wants it, mind. She's on the medical track. Got enough on her plate. Fencing's a release for her, not a compulsion like it is with some of the others.'
'Yeah, yeah all right. Are you looking for anything in particular?'
'Mary Watson.'
'And if it turns out I'm talking bollocks, my boss will understand. I just – I need to do something.'
'Ms Norbury. Who or what is “O Dio”?'
Sherlock held his breath, watching the flicker of John's features as his words sank in. He restrained himself from reaching out even when John swayed where he stood, scrubbing his palms over his face in disbelief. His shoulders slumped, his back bowing as if he could hunch away from Sherlock's statement and hide from the world.
Turning towards the dining table, something caught Sherlock's eye. A stack of mail, dumped hastily. Mostly junk, but in amongst it was a single padded envelope.  White. Non-descript. The kind of thing you could get anywhere.
Sherlock ghosted along empty corridors, his footsteps light and his breathing steady. The gloom pressed in at him from all sides, and he navigated the space with care, constantly alert for any presence other than his own. Yet it was not until he approached the north-west that the first signs of life made themselves clear.
‘John’s right. It is bollocks.’ Sherlock shrugged at his brother, heaving a sham of a regretful sigh. ‘I couldn’t deduce anything of note from your lawyer’s appearance. Especially not his fingernails.’
‘Rosie, love, come on. What’s wrong?’
Her behaviour seemed so at odds with Mycroft and Sherlock’s, or so he had once believed. He’d been too wrapped up in himself, he could see that now. First the war and his wound, then the finality of the fall. When Sherlock got back, John had busied himself with Mary…
Instead, he pulled out his phone, quickly snapping overlapping pictures in as much detail as he could, angling the lights to push away the shadows and render the flash unnecessary.  He caught all he could within the scope of the lens, his heart in his throat. At last, he took it all in, committing the wall and its layout to memory before turning his attention to the files on the desk.
Sherlock prowled the house, his footsteps carrying back and forth across tiled floor and carpet alike as he stalked the depths of his mind palace. Norbury's revelation, in truth, had not been much, but as occurred in so many cases, sometimes one word was enough to bring things into better focus.
'Nothing like a bit of jealousy to motivate you, is there?' Greg chuckled as John huffed, shaking his head. 'It's good for you, though. What you've got. It was weird enough back at the start, when Sherlock turned up at the crime scene with a "friend"'
'Is it Rosie?' he managed, his voice wrecked to his own ears.
John looked down at his lap, shivering in the early morning chill that permeated the house. 'It won't go away by itself though, will it?' He scratched the side of his nose before sitting on his hands, his body hunched over as the excitement of his discovery flickered and died beneath reality's tide. 'I mean, what's the plan, exactly? That we remain here until Mycroft catches whoever is behind this?'
Sherlock's breath whispered over his thigh, fast and panting. They knew each other well, and John bit back a grin as he realised Sherlock's restraint was unravelling as quick as John's own. Dark eyed and tousled, he looked wanton – debauched – utterly delicious as he shifted the fingers inside John and watched him come alive with desire.
Just like Rosamund.
'But the splinter group do not know that we care about such things, and the implicit threat of the Hind should make them think twice. However, if the guns remain motionless, they will call our bluff.'
John obliged, waiting his turn amidst the press of bodies that lined the bar. The place had grown more crowded in the hours he and Greg had been here, talking shop and Sherlock. Closing time was still a distant prospect, but he and Greg always made an effort to head out well before last call. They weren't as young as they used to be, sad as that was.
For the first time in far too long, John Watson felt that he had truly found his way home.
'Cup of tea?'
He turned, taking in the thoughtful slant of Mycroft's features and the faint glow of concern in his eyes. 'Be careful.'
John grinned at the disgruntled expression on Sherlock's face. It shouldn't have worked, but it made him feel better. The way Sherlock phrased it suggested it wasn't John and his gross sheets that were the problem, but Sherlock's fancy pants instead. 'So, you need me out of bed?'
, after all. Either that or he roped poor Mrs Hudson into doing it for him. 'Going back to sour milk and mouldy cheese, are we?'
A gust of wind chased John Watson through the doors of the Bakers Arms, leaving him gasping in relief to be in the warmth of the pub. Chatter rose and fell around him: a soughing sea of sound. He grinned to see Greg in their usual spot by the fire, defending the squashy chairs with a cold, indifferent glare at any interlopers. That softened immediately when he spotted John and waved him over with a grin.
‘Thank you.’ Sherlock’s smile was a narrow slice, sincere at first glance. John knew better, of course, but the Dean didn’t. ‘What can you tell me?’
‘Sherlock?’
John nodded, his fingers tightening around Sherlock's waist, clinging to him in reverent relief. Working through what Mary had done to him – to
'Bring me the file, John.'
'We're simply covering as many possibilities we can, John. Both when it comes to Harmattan and Mary herself. Rosie is a pressure point. This way, she is removed from play.'
Sherlock thought back to the early days of their acquaintance, to Moriarty and the pool, a bomb vest and snipers. To John blinking S.O.S. in Morse code.
Immediately, her tears stopped, turning into hiccups as she looked around, her eyes wide, curious and more than a little suspicious of this change in scenery.
John fell.
Only confusion met his statement, and he closed his eyes in defeat. ‘HMS Belfast. Her Majesty’s Ship.’
Did they realise they had bitten off more than they could chew? Had they expected to find John defenceless, lost and friendless in his grief? Surely anyone with any intelligence would have discovered his connection to Sherlock and planned accordingly, but it seemed not. Perhaps they had decided that Mary's death had broken the friendship beyond repair: that John would never ask for Sherlock's help, and Sherlock would not offer it?
Cuffing at his eyes, he checked the doors were shut before daring to turn on the kettle, hoping the sound wouldn't travel through the house as he set about making himself some coffee. Beyond the windows, dawn's silver seam stitched the horizon. There was no point in trying to go back to bed. Besides, for the first time in days, he felt as if he had found some direction. He and Sherlock had Mary's mystery files to work with, as well as the few sparse breadcrumbs Norbury had thrown their way.
Sherlock's hand touched John's knee, curving over the hub of bone as he rubbed his thumb back and forth across the peak. He shifted closer to curl around John where he sat amidst the nest of quilts, his body forming a single parenthesis. He did not utter a word: not to reassure, to chastise or to attempt to steer the conversation, but his presence gave John the strength he needed to carry on.
Those pale eyes slid in John's direction. He smiled down at his shoes, flattered that Sherlock still hadn't dismissed his theory, even if Townsend's ravings had suggested he acted alone. It meant more to him than he cared to admit, and he had to clench his hands inside his pockets, using every ounce of self-restraint not to reach out and touch him again.
'Good,' John purred, catching Sherlock's mouth in a long, loving kiss that left them both dizzy before he rasped, 'You'll need your energy.'
Not that it worked. John was no expert pf disguise, and there was no way he could conceal the remarkable truth of his nature. At least not from someone like Sherlock.
'John, have a care.' Mycroft's hand settled on his shoulder. 'If the vehicle is rigged, the trigger is likely tied in to either the door handles or the engine.'
He placed himself in John’s hands, confident in the knowledge that, whatever hardships the two of them may face, he would always find his sanctuary.
'Thanks, Molly. Do whatever you can.' He stepped back, looking up at Sherlock. At some point he'd slipped his phone back in his pocket. Now, he leaned against the wall, observing the body on the clinical steel slab as if he could read all her secrets. 'We'll leave you in peace?' He made it a question, giving Sherlock a chance to protest in case he wanted another look. Instead, he shook his head, his shoulders slumping beneath his Belstaff as he turned away.
may vary significantly.'
With fingers long used to the motions, he checked the clip and secured the pistol before he tucked it into the back of his jeans. Outside, he could hear the far-off cry of sirens closing in. Most of the alarms would be tied in to a centralised system, one that automatically notified the emergency services of a potential situation. As plans went, it was effective. His would-be attackers had fled and were not likely to return in any hurry. Not when his street was crawling with police and witnesses alike.
His fearless friend.
No, he couldn't push it. Not yet. As much as he longed to snap and snarl and shout at these – these fucking
'That's entirely up to John.' Sherlock ran his gaze over her frame, noting likely hiding places for other weapons. There were one or two blades about her person, he suspected, but he had her sole firearm. Swiftly, he removed the clip, tossing it down in the nearby armchair before turning his back and placing the weapon itself on the mantelpiece. 'I recommend you start talking.'
‘Possibly. However, I’m sure we all know better not to eat things found at a crime scene, don’t we? Or have we been licking our fingers?’
'I'm going to call Mycroft and see if I can give him the hurry up,' Sherlock decided, taking a deep breath of the cooling air before rising to stand at John's side. 'I think we have both been patient enough.'
'Why?'
The kiss was meant to be a quick one, but John couldn’t pull back. Not when he could feel the thrum of anger ebbing out of Sherlock’s body. That ragged, stifled breathing slowing to a more languorous pace. He needed this. They both did. A quick affirmation that they’d both survived another case relatively unscathed.
John breathed out, a great shuddering sigh as if he were exhaling a year’s worth of emotion in a single moment. Yet when he answered it was with a tightening grip and a certainty that shook Sherlock to his core.
Stones bit into Sherlock’s knees as he fell to the ground at John’s side, his numb fingers searching for a pulse. Water dripped from his slicked curls, and his clothes clung to him. There would be time for discomfort later. Right now, he had more important matters to attend to.
Something settled around his shoulders, smelling of cheap detergent, and he blinked at the hideous orange blanket someone had draped over him. It was coarse, but warm, and he murmured his thanks as Sherlock eased himself down to perch next to John on the tailgate of the van, sheltered by the twin doors flung wide on either side.
John ducked his head, giving a tiny nod. He'd known it, really. All that stuff about Sherlock driving them apart was bullshit, but Mary knew how to tap into John's guilt and use it against him. Perhaps she hadn't thought they were lovers, but she realised Sherlock held a place in John's heart she couldn't touch. One that was about far more than wedding vows and sex. They found strength in each another, and depriving them of that was a sound strategy.
'You bloody prat,' he breathed, shaking his head and stepping forward. His hand clenched in the collar of the Belstaff, tugging Sherlock down so he could kiss him soundly, chasing away whatever lingering ridiculousness had been about to fall from Sherlock's lips. 'You –' he murmured, 'are the best thing that's ever happened to me. Mad as that sounds. You think I don't want more?'
Drifting like a ghost, John tore his eyes away from the fight, focusing on anything that might trip him and give away his position. He picked his way around, listening as Sherlock threw out questions and jibes, all the while making sure the stranger's attention stay focussed on the battle. Sherlock hounded him, forcing him to react with increasing desperation. There was only so long that could go on before it blew up in their faces.
‘She is.’ John smiled at the memory. Patricia Holmes was a lovely woman in her late sixties: friendly, funny and cuttingly intelligent. Her husband, Benjamin, was a quiet, scholarly sort with a gleam in his eye that suggested he’d figured out life’s punchline. Both would be delighted with any gift either of their sons got for any sort of celebration. ‘It wasn’t Patricia Sherlock was worried about. He had to out-do Mycroft.’
'I know.'
'That doesn't rule out that particular avenue. They might have wanted to save time by forcing you to retrieve whatever they were looking for.'
'Not unless your current situation is somehow tied to her selling national secrets. If it
Sherlock tilted the print, narrowing his eyes as he tried to remember the moment captured in its confines. He was the subject, half-turned towards the window with the violin tucked beneath his chin. His body was a study of angles: of light and shade caught up in the raptures of the music. It could have been one in any number of days, but what had prompted John to not just take it, but to print it out? What rendered this one so special?
'She won't.' Sherlock stopped in front of John, holding his hands out to arrest the incessant pacing. 'Mary is a smart woman, one who knows how to turn a situation to her advantage. What she needs now is the upper hand, and she will do anything possible to gain it. I anticipate that she will demand to meet somewhere alone. Up to today, her methods have involved manipulation of personal emotion. An hour ago, I would have said with some confidence that she would attempt to take a hostage. Rosie would, of course, have been ideal, but she is not an option thanks to Mycroft's caution.'
‘Suzie’s lying,’ Sherlock glanced up from his phone. ‘Her parents are busy and her au pair is allergic to pet hair. She doesn’t have any dogs or cats, though I suspect they might have a rat infestation.’
John pulled a face. His stomach sat like a rock of granite beneath his ribs, heavy and dead. The thought of breakfast held no appeal, but he knew all too well that it would be better to eat while he could. His body needed fuel to fight off whatever he had, and though nausea wasn't a given, it could still rob him of the ability to eat. 'Maybe toast. Just a bit.'
Sherlock turned to him, all glorious affront with the wind ruffling his hair and playing with the flare of heavy wool at his back. ‘And whose fault is that?’
He always did.
They prescribed rest and painkillers before signing off the paperwork and guiding him to an airy atrium, encouraging him to buy a meal. He could not remember when he last ate, but in truth, he wasn't hungry. His stomach felt like rock, hard and dead. In the end, he forced himself to choke back some soup and bread, more to fill the time and ease the worry as he waited for Sherlock.
'And these?' John pointed at dashes before a digit, shaking his head in confusion.
'No,' Sherlock whispered, his voice abandoning him as John took the final step, his body pressing into his personal space and those blue eyes bright and fierce with something he dared not name. 'I would say that we have waited long enough.'
'Yes they will. Mycroft neglected to revoke the temporary access codes he gave me. Or perhaps it was a deliberate omission. Either way, I suspect she may be more forthcoming with her answers.'
Sherlock looked so perfect. So whole. There was no trace of the injuries that had stolen his life away. No hint of the wounds that had taken him from John's side. He longed to reach out and clutch him close, to hold him tight and never, ever let him go again, but a leaden weight dragged at his arms. Instead, he could only drink in the sight of him, trying to remember every detail so that his memory, at least, could never fade.
'I thought you would say that. Mrs Hudson gave me a spare shower chair. It's pink, but it will do the trick. She has another one for her hip. We can keep it, apparently.'
‘Sherlock, what –?’ John bit off his question, earning himself a smirk from the man who’d just sat down in the empty chair to his right. ‘How did you get in?’
Sherlock sighed, trying not to feel as though he were making excuses. It was a logical decision, based on sound reasoning, so why did it feel as if he were taking the coward's way out?
'I just wondered how things are going.' Sherlock matched her low volume even as he glanced over her shoulder. 'If there's anything I can do...'
Mary's voice was butter smooth, utterly calm as she stepped into his line of sight. The sun silhouetted her, but he could still make out the brutal shape of the gun in her hand. High calibre and powerful, she aimed it at his chest. If she fired at this range, there wouldn't be enough left of his ribs to piece back together.
He moved normally, neither muffling the sounds of his footsteps or exaggerating them to get Sherlock’s attention. He stood within easy reach but did not crowd close or make a fuss. It wouldn’t help. If anything, it only made things worse.
'And they'll be ruthless.' John freed one hand from beneath the quilt, rubbing it down his face as if he were trying to wipe his mind free of his fears: an impossible task.
‘Ship,’ he corrected absently, pulling aside the victim’s lapel with the tip of his pen.
'All is in hand,' he said before Sherlock could utter a word. 'The British Government, sadly, cannot always be at your immediate disposal.'
'Oh, John,' she murmured. 'I knew you would come. There are explosives rigged in the roof. They were triggered remotely when you first pressed the button on this device. By now, there's less than a minute until they detonate. Want my advice?' A stretch of silence buzzed in his ears before her final word rushed over him like ice-water. 'Run.'
'John Watson never asks for help. Not from anyone. Not ever. But here's the thing, he never refuses to give it. You can’t save John because he won’t let you. The only way to save John is to make him save
'Are you sure about this?' Sherlock asked, his voice low in the confines of the car. 'I can –'
The line disconnected with a click, and Sherlock set his phone down on the surface. He was not sure what he had expected of John's pursuers, but somehow the notion of them remaining in London filled him with unease.
He had not hidden the USB drive from John. It was a lie by omission, nothing more. Yet that excuse offered little reassurance. He was loath to mention it without good cause, and he feared he might find just that within the device’s electrical pathways. It held all of Mary’s secrets, or so she had said.
His body keened, every muscle humming with ill-constrained concern. With no eyes on the ground he had no way to know what had happened. Had his efforts succeeded? Had the clamour of simultaneous alarms scared off the intruders – One? Many? Sherlock couldn't be sure – in John's home? Had they fled, or did they even now bring their unknown plan to fruition? Had he done enough, or were John and Rosie suffering the consequences of Sherlock's distance?
‘The purple ones?’ Lestrade glanced towards Anderson as if looking for answer. Pointless. ‘What about them?’
He was outnumbered.
'Oh, leaving me to deal with whatever horrors are in the fridge, are you?' John joked weakly. It was a pathetic effort at humour, but Sherlock smiled all the same before departing.
There was a brief sound of movement, and another voice came over the line, sharp with anger and trembling with a touch of fear. 'Wait, don't –'
'We need to go back to London.'
'I'll figure something out.'
John winced, thinking of the drivers and passengers caught up in the accident. ‘Poor buggers.’
'Oh, Sherlock. Think.' Mary tilted her head. 'Who is the one person I
The army had changed the shape of him, moulding him into something that no longer fit into a civilian-shaped hole. Normality chafed at his jagged edges, and every moment only seemed to highlight how different he had become.
The commander pursed her lips, her dark eyes narrow before she nodded. 'I'll take the pilot seat,' she said. 'I have some experience, enough to make our imminent take-off appear convincing. You man the weapons array, Mister Holmes. Touch nothing but the targeting controls. Doctor Watson, there is a passenger-compartment mounted machine gun. We have no way of being sure how much ammunition they have already spent in their efforts, but we may as well make it seem like we mean business.' She scooped up some headsets – ear-defenders with radio communications built in – and handed them over. 'Use these.'
There was a huge discrepancy between Sherlock playing dead to save John's life and doing it just to get one up on Moriarty. At first glance, the nuance didn't excuse the end result, but John could admit to himself it made a difference.
As quick as it had come, the insight was slipping away, leaving him with nothing but whispers and echoes. Still, it was enough to put his mind at rest.
'No.' He threw up his hands, taking an instinctive step back and colliding with the wall as he tried to halt Sherlock's approach. 'I've got a fever. You need to keep away.'
'Off,' Sherlock grunted, and it took John a few, lust-addled seconds to realise that Sherlock wasn't talking about John himself, but his clothes. 'Bloody jumper. Get it off.'
With a quick nod, she gestured to a guard, and John swore as the video link closed, leaving him and Sherlock staring at the blank screen. 'We're right back where we started,' he rasped, bowing his head and tunnelling his hands into his hair.
John blinked. He hadn't noticed Sherlock doing that, but then it wouldn't surprise him. Mycroft had probably demanded it. What they were dealing with went above and beyond the usual embarrassing secrets they stumbled across thanks to Sherlock's work.
'Yeah. We made it stupidly difficult,' he admitted, reaching for his beer. 'I got complacent. I thought it would happen eventually and that I didn't need to say anything. Then Irene Adler turned up and...' He shrugged, not wanting to linger on those horrible months of confusion and misery.
'And it's genetic. Runs in the family? So, what about his brother?'
'No hooks. Absolutely, definitely not. I'd have noticed.' John smirked as Greg spluttered. 'Seriously though, that's what got you all flustered? How old are you? Twelve?'
Leaving him to it, John peered at the body and its injuries. Now, clear of blood and unbarred by clothing, it was easier to see the deep swipes that cleaved her. They pouted like the split skin of an over-ripe fruit, their interiors painted in rich, dark red even in death.
'They don't know that.' Sherlock allowed himself a sliver of a smile before a new thought crossed his mind. 'Do you still have your old phone?'
'And I will have to traipse up a flight of stairs to check on you multiple times a day.' Sherlock's icy logic left little room for argument, not when John felt like this, anyway. 'My room is better. It won't be for long. You'll recover in no time.'
The minutes crawled by, and John clenched his teeth, fighting back the urge to curse in frustration. He understood Mycroft's plan, but it all felt like a desperate waste of time. More than anything, he wanted to tear the place apart, to rip Sherlock from Mary's clutches and bundle him off somewhere safe. Instead, he was here, creeping along at a snail's pace and hating every minute.
John wrinkled his nose in thought, his absent-minded body language almost as endearing as the competent way his gaze swept the body. A moment later, he crouched at her side, checking her airway before peeling back her lip and looking at her gums.
If not for Mary, Sherlock would be dead.
His lips twitched at the word, struggling against a smile. Sometimes, the voice in his head really did sound a bit like Sherlock. Once, he might have worried it was a sign they spent too much time together. Now? He couldn’t care less. Hell, he was even starting to miss the git and he’d only been gone one night.
it's happening. What's going on, Sherlock?'
Not that they'd managed that, either, though they'd at least tried at John's insistence. There had been no nudging shoulders, no fingers brushing as they passed on another cups of tea... He'd missed that more than the cases: the easy nearness they'd cultivated.
Sherlock nodded in satisfaction. His feet had taken him in the correct direction. A quick stop off in Paddington, where a locker held a bag with his usual clothes and important kit, was required. After that, he would linger in the anonymity of Marylebone station before seeking out the car at St Paul's church.
'Great,' John muttered, his expression growing more exhausted by the minute. 'I mean, I'm not surprised. I could tell from the way they acted – the way they moved. They weren't searching for anything; they knew exactly where to find us.'
right beside him, even though Sherlock had returned more than six months ago.
The subtle buzz of Sherlock's phone interrupted before he could reply, and he frowned down at the screen, one eyebrow lifted in annoyance before he connected the call. 'Mycroft. Tell me you have something useful.'
She sighed. ‘It seems so. The things we put up with for the ones we love…’ She smiled, following John’s gaze to where Sherlock stood by the fire, deep in discussion with his father. ‘I suppose I should be glad it’s just a zebra.’
Sherlock wrinkled his nose and picked up a pastry creation, still warm from the oven. Of course, one of the disadvantages of having a network of friends was that they spoke to each other. Sherlock was not so arrogant that he assumed he was the heart of all their conversations, but they all had a nasty habit of nagging him over his welfare. Worse, they had a tendency to gang up on him. Mycroft thought it was endlessly amusing.
'I will recover what I can,' Mycroft promised, 'but the people who set the fire were thorough. No room remained unscathed.'
'Come on,' he urged. 'Quickly. If they reach the Hind before we do, we'll be sitting ducks.'
Sherlock shifted his weight, lowering his gaze for the first time and speaking instead to the tiles beneath their feet. 'I felt they might believe they could use me as a means to get to you. So far, they have left me out of the equation, but I was not convinced they would continue to do so.' He swallowed. 'They might have decided you would give yourself up if you believed I were in danger.'
He shifted his daughter over onto his hip, crooning his reassurances as he inched across the room, pausing at the threshold to check the hallway was clear before hurrying to the bedroom. Rosie cooed as he put her in the middle of the mattress, checking she was secure before he reached towards his bedside table with shaking hands. It took him three goes to get the key in the lock, but when he yanked the drawer open and scooped the Sig into his hand, some of his fear crystallised into determination.
He watched for the nervous and twitchy, the ones who glanced a few times too often in their direction. He noted the faces of those who looked too stoic, their features pinched with concentration as if a friend had not died a few feet away and mere hours ago.
Except John realised, deep down, that wasn't right. Sherlock swore this wasn't some situation he'd contrived, and John believed him. Stupid, maybe, but he knew Sherlock's shamming well. He'd seen it a dozen times before, and this did not bear the earmarks of Sherlock's intelligence. It seemed too crass, somehow, lacking in subtlety. Not like Sherlock at all.
It would be a simple matter to fall into regret. To mourn time lost together by one choice after another, but Sherlock knew all too well the futility of such things. Their path may have been long and painful, but it had brought them both here, to this point in time.
‘Hit!’
'Did you ever look at that thumb drive?' Mycroft asked, turning his back to the room and staring out of the window. 'Before John burned it, I mean.'
He kept waiting for Sherlock to put Sebastian in his place, to rip his life and the veneer of his success to shreds, but he never did.
Not this time. Not anymore.
It would not surprise him if John did not bother with his bed up in his old room. Instead, he suspected that John waited for Sherlock to drift off before returning to his armchair and the sluggish turn of his thoughts. He ate like a man going through the motions, taking no pleasure from whatever food either Sherlock or Mrs Hudson placed in front of him. Even his tea was consumed with mechanical regularity, as if John's life had been whittled down to nothing but a collection of habits.
'Safe.' John did not elaborate. Judging by the twist of Mary's mouth, she believed he was being obstructive.
Molly sighed. 'I know. I'm fine. I only looked after Rosie a bit. I don't think they're bothered about me.'
Sherlock got to his feet, closing the laptop and tucking it under his arm before gesturing through to the living room. 'Come on. Rosie, at least, might as well be comfortable while I explain.'
‘No.’ Sherlock gestured to the CCTV camera perched on the street corner. ‘And if she does, the footage should convince you she’s lying. Come on, John.’
'I –' John blew out a breath, shrugging his shoulders and wincing as his aching ribs protested. 'I'm not sure. Once I would have believed she'd do the smart thing: cut her losses and run. Now she's more likely to double down. To go out guns blazing.'
before Sherlock glanced away, a faint blush staining his cheeks. 'With food, I mean. You've lost weight, and your strength has faded with it. She instructed me to tell you to try and go for protein over sugar, but that anything will do. Even if it's just an entire packet of Jammie Dodgers. She also wishes you a speedy recovery.'
Her face crumpled, her brow folding as she reached into her pocket, pulling something out and pressing it into his hand. 'It's from John. You don't need to read it now.'
'Perhaps you should have.' John swallowed, jerking his head to the left in quick denial. 'Not – not that it's your fault. I'm just saying that maybe we'd have been better off facing the truth from the start.' He shivered, curling in on himself, and Sherlock could almost see the burden of John's self-blame crushing the life from him with every passing second.
Mummy Holmes had been beside herself with joy. She did not give care a jot about genetics and the fact Rosie was not actually related to her. She was Sherlock’s not-officially-but-might-as-well-be adopted daughter, and therefore she was a Grandchild. Worthy of the capital letter and everything.
A few rapid tugs had his toes curling, and John sucked in a breath, prying his eyes open as he felt the first stutter in Sherlock's rhythm. Sherlock undone was a beautiful sight, and John gasped the too-hot air as he admired his lover.
His doubts tangled in his throat, knotting like a briar, but he swallowed them back. He could not bring himself to dent John's confidence, not when it was something he so clearly craved. He had been struggling to keep his head above water since Mary's death. If false certainty was what he needed to stay afloat, then Sherlock would not be the one to take that from him.
Even now, after knowing him so long, Sherlock could still surprise him. He accepted the offered socks with a smile of thanks. It seemed nothing was beneath the power of Sherlock’s deductions, not even John’s comfort. That, more than anything, warmed him down to his bones.
Greg wrinkled his nose. 'I thought that only happened once?'
, but he could not.
'Can I ask you a question?'
‘Thank you,’ he managed, making sure his tone was as clipped and arrogant as usual. ‘I think you’ve done enough.’
The sensation came upon him more than once. He'd be out getting groceries, randomly putting items in his shopping basket only to find himself half-frozen, his instincts thrilling their warning. Or he'd be at home in his flat and find himself drawing all the curtains to keep out prying eyes. It was paranoia, that was all. A soldier's reflexes driven too high by stress and grief.
'Very well, Mister Holmes. If you give me ten minutes, I'll get everything set up. Dial in with your authorisation at nineteen-hundred hours.'
A cough scraped up John's throat, dry and useless. He caught it in his elbow, grimacing in annoyance. 'Sounds like I'm faking it,' he grumbled. 'I thought it would be something a bit more dramatic.'
It was like old times, before everything had gone so wrong, and John allowed himself to enjoy the moment. They might be in the middle of a hellish mess of Mary's making, their lives in danger and their futures uncertain, but for the first time in years, John felt as if he had finally come home.
'All right. Make sure my phone number's written down. I'm more than happy to reassure or give advice if you or Sherlock need it.'
of intrigue racing through him. His consultant hacker had finally broken open the single, well-hidden file on the USB stick. Far from being the self-destructive subroutine that Sherlock had suspected, it was instead a heavily encrypted sub-folder, now brought into the light thanks to the hard work of his contact.
‘Go on, then, if you’re so clever,’ John grouched, practically throwing his pencil in Sherlock’s direction. ‘Show me how it’s done.’
Still, he supposed the scars were better than the alternative. He had not succumbed. He did not lie, as he had once pretended, in a cold grave of uncaring earth. He was still here. Still living. Still in London. In the end that was one of the few things that mattered. He just wished he didn’t look quite so –
Shaking aside the morose thought, Sherlock inched down the stairs and padded towards the breakfast bar, his bare toes curling against the cold tiles of the kitchen floor. Various papers and his laptop remained where he had left them, neither strewn about in plain sight nor hidden away like a guilty secret. There was nothing stopping John from investigating them if the urge took him, and yet they remained untouched.
'An angry one. They didn't hesitate.'
'Do we even know where she's taking him?' he demanded, grudgingly permitting the medic to do a more thorough job of checking reflexes and pupil dilation.
No, this was not about revenge. In fact, with every passing hour, he became convinced it wasn't even about Sherlock himself. For once, John's problem had very little to do with him, which left only one other option.
Over the course of their friendship, John could count on one hand the times Sherlock had prepared food and put it in front of him. Normally, Sherlock considered himself above the needs of the physical and expected the rest of the world to follow his example. That he had made an exception the previous evening, and done so without fanfare, made something warm and grateful curl in the pit of John's stomach.
Whatever her response would have been – no doubt something scathing – was interrupted by the buzz of the phone at her side. It rattled against the wooden surface of the desk, and Mary scooped it up, her gaze darting back and forth as she read the brief missive. Immediately, her eyes tightened with annoyance, her brow snapping down into a scowl. She turned away, starting up one of the computers and shifting from one foot to the other as she waited for it to churn to life.
And for that, John could not be happier.
'John, what the hell is going on?'
Photographs: they covered the wall – all the facets of John's life exposed for the entertainment of strangers. Sherlock's gaze darted around, seeking order in the chaos, building a timeline that left his lips pinched and his eyes flat. Something seethed low in his belly, desperate to rip them down and hide them, to take all the evidence of John's existence from these
He looked at John, that gaze raking over his frame as he pursed his lips. 'I know it would be foolish to attempt to convince you to stay behind, John, but I ask you now for honesty. As a doctor and a soldier, is your health adequate to take part? You would never forgive yourself if you became a liability at the wrong moment and Sherlock suffered as a result.'
'She hit me!'
'It's an extra layer of security. One that's for Rosie's benefit. Mycroft knows where she'll be and will have her back in your arms the moment it is safe,' Sherlock promised. 'He may not do sentiment, but he does understand family.'
‘What?’ John shook his head. It was too bloody hot for this. Summer was slow-roasting London in its grasp. He was wearing shorts and sandals, for Christ-sake. That’s how hot it was. They’d fled the sweltering flat in search of some shade in the park, and now Rosie refused to be put down.
The little colour in John's face slipped away, but no denial broke free from him. He did not claim that Mary was incapable of using their daughter as a bargaining chip, which spoke volumes for what he thought of her. 'But now you don't think she'll bother with a hostage?'
Ten minutes later, they were on their way home. Sherlock had given Weaver all he could. She would have to take it through to its conclusion.
‘Look, she’s Rosie’s friend. How bad can she be?’
The problem with Sherlock, Greg mused, was that he was a slip of wind. Before John had come along, there had been something sharp and painful in that slender body. The suits barely softened its edges, and there was always a faintly hungry look in Sherlock’s eyes.
'I believe you to be in no more danger than you were when you left London. To the best of my knowledge, no one watching knows for certain that you have uncovered the information they seek, nor are they aware of your location.' Mycroft put his elbows on his desk, steepling his fingers in front of his mouth in thought. 'However, should you wish to take additional measures, I will see what can be arranged.'
‘Good. They did give you something pretty strong. Just as well, all things considered.’ He gave a professional nod to the nurse, peering at the X-ray with a doctor’s intrigue. It was not John’s call to make, of course. This was not his territory. Another, less worthy individual would come and tell them what any moron could see, but John spoke all the same.
'I won't insult your intelligence by deducing all the ways you are not, in fact, "fine".' Sherlock reached out, wrapping John's cool fingers in the cradle of his palm. It was a shock of sensation to feel him so vividly against his skin, real and alive and whole, despite everything. It had almost ended so differently.
'But?' John rasped.
The expression on Sherlock's face tugged at John's heart strings. It reminded him of when Sherlock had explained his deductions all that time ago, back when John had first breathed "amazing". A delicate mixture of wary surprise and soft delight suffused Sherlock’s features, so vulnerable that John could barely breathe for it.
The thing was, although he may have grown up, John could still see hints of the wannabe pirate in Sherlock. It bled through in the thrill of the chase along dark city streets. It was there in the roguish hint of his real grin, not the sneers or shamming smiles he gave the rest of the world. Sherlock only played by the rules that suited him and was more than happy to disregard the rest.
‘Mr Holmes?’ A woman in her fifties stepped forward, her smile practised and her blonde hair pinned up and professional. The suit she wore looked like it might even put some of Sherlock’s to shame, but there was a quick humour and intelligence in her eyes that John liked immediately. ‘Dean Winters. Thank you for coming. The police are waiting for you.’
'No. No, sorry. Everything's fine. It's just, I know what these are.' He flailed the piece of paper in his hand, reaching down to flick on the bedside lamp and perching on the edge of Sherlock's bed, too caught up in his discovery to consider keeping his distance. 'They're coordinates. Decimal degrees, I'm sure of it.'
Brown eyes flickered over to him, assessing behind the gentle fog of a few good beers, and John hid a grin in the froth of his own drink. He knew that look. Knew what it meant. Greg was considering something else, something to do with his love-life, probably, but he wasn't ready to share it, not yet.
She would be nothing but a tool, the same as she had been to the old guard. Besides, in his view, that was the best-case scenario for Mary. The file, he suspected, was the source of her value.  Once the splinter group had it in their hands, they were as likely to dispose of her as anything else. That was the problem with being too good at any job: you worked your way into irrelevance.
Considering they had failed to infiltrate John's home and carry out whatever plan they had in mind, he had no doubt that the would-be attackers would return to their stronghold. They would need to regroup, the better to redouble their efforts.
'You might have a point,' Sherlock replied at last, offering a soft smile that John answered in kind.
John ran his tongue over his teeth as some of the awful tension began to ebb away. With Mary right here in front of him, he had barely been able to think around his fury. Now, with her gone, the familiar walls of Baker Street enfolded him in their sanctuary and Sherlock's stalwart presence steadied him. 'She must have been desperate,' he murmured. 'Or greedy. Or both. Normally I'd say she's too clever to get herself into this kind of mess.'
Blind security cameras hung on their brackets, useless, and the external lights let out a sallow glow, flickering like a failing heartbeat. The place had power, at least, which implied that someone, somewhere, was paying its bills. However, its current occupiers sought to stay beneath the radar, rather than fortifying their derelict bastion. Either they were confident that they could neutralise any intruders, or stalwart in their belief of their own invisibility.
‘Oh?’ John smiled. ‘How’s that then?’
The Hind's guns stopped as quickly as they started, and a clanging silence fell. The stale air of the building smelt of sawdust and metal, with an edge of nervous sweat. Sherlock shifted his weight further onto his good leg. His pulse tapped in his ears, and every breath made his parched throat ache, but he set aside the cries of his transport. He needed his wits about him.
‘Its bloody beak?’ Greg croaked. ‘What about it?’
'But she did.' John scowled. 'At least that's what we're meant to believe, isn't it – that she'd put that whole life behind her? Instead, she was still dealing secrets. For all we know, if you'd never exposed Norbury, she'd be doing it even now.' He sagged back in the sofa cushions, the lights carving harsh lines across his face.
The bark of the Sig bounced around the room: a faithful hound answering the command of its master. That gun had saved Sherlock's life more than once in the past. Now it had done so again.
It was a perfect fit.
‘Sit down,’ Sherlock urged, waiting for John to all but collapse onto the ground before plonking Rosie none-to-gently in John’s lap. He shrugged out of his suit jacket, some summer-weight thing that made him look like he should be on a yacht in the Bahamas somewhere. Without ceremony, he draped it on the grass at John’s side, silk-lining up, and moved Rosie to its soft surface.
'You slept badly,' Sherlock informed him, that full mouth twisting in a grimace. 'I tried to calm you, but it happened more than once.'
'You never know. Perhaps I'm an asymptomatic carrier,' Sherlock replied with a shrug, holding up a hand to stem John's protests. 'I'll be careful. I promise.'
He raised an eyebrow and John fought not to let a blush heat his cheeks. He and Sherlock had never actually announced they were together. It wasn’t like they were shy with displays of public affection, but they did tend to fall into old habits at crime-scenes. That meant that the good officers of New Scotland Yard were left to solve the mystery for themselves.
He did not only mean the call with Norbury. He meant this whole bloody mess, from the Greek team watching him to Mary's unexplained presence, codes on memorials and international secrets.
'Perhaps.' Sherlock swivelled in his seat, close enough to John that his knees almost pressed against his thigh. 'I'm assuming that Mary never discussed her past with you in any more detail than what I already know?' He watched John shut his eyes, that expressive face sagging into deep lines of tension and misery.
Giving himself a little shake, Sherlock flung aside the cloud of his deductions and got to work. Stripping the bed linen, he piled it in the corner. Current government guidelines had relaxed about fabrics, being more intent as they were on controlling the virus. They would need to be washed at sixty degrees, if not hotter. However, since the washing machine was downstairs, for now they would have to be folded and bagged until it was safe to venture out once more.
'Rosie.' John answered without hesitation. 'We need to make sure she's safe. Well out of range of whatever goes down.'
Glancing up to check that Rosie was content with her toys, he began rummaging through the other photos, looking for ones taken at around the same time. His heart hammered in the base of his throat, his thoughts little more than phantom whispers of uncertainty. He couldn't say what about the sight of the woman had unsettled him so, but nor could he ignore his instincts. Sherlock may sneer at them, but they'd been keeping John alive for decades. He'd ignored them too often, these past few years, and look where he had ended up.
He should have known there would be more to her chosen meeting place than met the eye. Mary had both the time and inclination to make this abandoned airfield into her domain. To an outsider it appeared derelict, boasting a hoard of hiding spots, but that would be a dangerous assumption. Nobody would be sneaking up on her. Not the splinter group, and certainly not Mycroft.
Mary lay where she had fallen, her hair obscuring one eye while the other stared, sightless, at the ceiling. A small, bloody circle marked her forehead, slightly off-centre. Headshots weren't recommended during open combat; Sherlock knew that much. Soldiers were encouraged to aim for the torso: a bigger target. Yet in one-on-one situations, John had proven himself a marksman more than once. The execution of the murderous cabbie had been a prime example of that, and now...
Sherlock sat up like something from a zombie movie, all stiffness and outrage. His huff of annoyance skimmed through the air, strafing at John's ears. 'No breakthrough, then?' he asked, tucking a receipt between the pages to mark his place.
She didn't think John would do it. Even after everything, she believed he wouldn't have the strength to do what
A gentle hand on his shoulder made him look up, and he drew in a shuddering breath as he realised that Sherlock knelt before him, those moonlight eyes wide and intent.
His greatest challenge.
Mary's skill had become evident early in their acquaintance. Her abrupt recognition of the skip code when John was missing had given away her propensity and familiarity with encryption. Here, she fell back on it once more, but what manner of cipher had she put to use? More importantly, what was concealed within it?
Sherlock wiped down door handles and light switches before spending a boring half-hour moving furniture and vacuuming the carpet. He dithered over whether the sound would disturb John, but in the end suspected that attempting to sterilise the infected space would be of more comfort.
'Yeah, well. I suppose we can't all be picky like Sherlock.'
His voice strained over the name, and he swallowed. 'No one forced her to turn traitor; I know her too well to believe that. She made her bed, and now we’re the ones who have to fucking lie in it. Me. Rosie. We’re just… collateral damage.’
John had no pre-existing conditions beyond the trauma of an old gunshot wound. He did not suffer reduced lung capacity or any particular systemic issue that would make him more vulnerable than average. The odds were in his favour.
She wanted to punish him for his statement – terminally. She wanted to lash out at the world around her even as her strategy began to fall apart, but in the space between one breath and the next, she regained her control, straightening her spine and pasting a smile-cum-snarl on her lips. 'Then let them come.'
'She was a known element,' Sherlock decided, looking down at the picture of her as she stared down the lens of the camera. 'To Harmattan, she was someone both predictable and trusted: an ally.'
‘Like I need to. It’s written all over your face. When? How long?’ Greg sat forward in his seat, the last vestiges of his job falling away and leaving him looking years younger. Now he was just a friend, happy and excited on their behalf.
He was a fucking idiot.
‘If you’re old, then what am I?’ John asked, but the smile tilting his lips was more than a little feral, sending a thrill down Sherlock’s spine as he claimed it in a hot, heady kiss. ‘Come here, you mad man.’
'The same. Headache. Muscle ache. Fatigue.' He screwed his eyes up and opened them again. 'Like I've not slept.'
Sherlock hummed in agreement. ‘I suspect we will find the killer at the other property. However, this wasn’t about the dice. It was about what was inside them.’ He bent down, rubbing a gloved fingertip over a few sparse white grains on the floor. Not salt or sand, but something far more valuable.
‘Any duplicates?’ John murmured, glancing at the clock on the mantelpiece. Gone midnight. Him and Sherlock had done the Father Christmas bit, eaten the mince-pies, drunk the sherry, taken a chomp out of the carrot and left it behind as evidence. Now, he wanted to get a few precious hours of sleep at Sherlock’s side before his daughter woke them up practically exploding with excitement.
They'd take the time to get better, the two of them together: John tending his weakened body while Sherlock slowly eased his own uncertainties and banished his lingering fears.
'A dangerous proposition. I suspect there is more to it than meets the eye. Harmattan is probably facing an internal conflict between separate factions. With this agreement, Mary has chosen a side. If it pans out, it may bring numerous rewards, but...'
Bowing his head, he let out a shuddering breath, pressing the heels of his palms to his eyes. His emotions were like tar, thick and choking. Nothing as simple as remorse burdened him. Nothing as straightforward as honest guilt clouded his thoughts. It was all a jumble of old grief and raw hurt, sharp anger and accusing relief. Mary was dead, properly this time, and more than anything John felt as if he were finally free.
‘Why is it so sticky?’ John grimaced, peeling his shoe from the floor with an odd sucking noise. Strange things on the floor at crime scenes were nothing new, but this felt like he was walking through tacky glue. ‘What is this stuff?’
‘You’re a bad influence,’ John muttered without much rancour, shaking his head. ‘I should be appalled that you even said that.’
Settling his hand on John's shoulder, he ducked his head to catch John's gaze. Blue eyes, murky with emotion, shifted to the side, but a quick squeeze seemed to give John the strength he needed to turn back.
However unpleasant the revelations about Mary were in the coming days, uncovering them was the right thing to do. It may be tempting to try and shield John from the worst of what he found, yet in doing so he would only cause him harm. John's strength would sustain him, and if it didn't? Sherlock would be there to pick up the pieces. That, he could promise.
'Er, yeah. Thanks. What's this about?'
And maybe John was no expert, but right away he could see the difference. He'd thought Phil's other "good fighters" were professional, but Sherlock moved as if he were dancing, his balance perfect. The sword was an extension of his arm: natural and confident, even as the tight fit of his shirt stretched across his back, practically a second skin.
'Ow,' he muttered, pressing his hand to his lower back like an old man and shuffling towards the broad dais of Sherlock's king-size bed. 'You sure about this?’ he asked, checking one last time. 'Where will you sleep?'
He blinked once more, forcing himself to focus. Mind over matter. He could not will away a concussion, but he could at least temper his confusion into something which Donovan would find more familiar.
Mary deserved more than to be second best. That was why he’d broken it off last night. It would have been better if she had shouted at him, but her expressive eyes shone with understanding. She had known it was coming; probably more than John.
'I don't want to leave her,' he murmured, pressing a kiss to her hair and smiling at her giggles, 'but if this is as important as you think, then we're just a bigger target. It won't be for long.' He swallowed hard, closing his eyes and promising his trembling heart that much. 'We're going to bring this to an end, aren't we?'
‘They make for good blog posts, though.’ John pointed out. ‘God knows what I’ll call it, though.’
Yet nothing jumped out at him, and he swallowed the contrary taste of disappointment as he slid behind the wheel and did up his seat belt. The engine started with its usual wheeze, and John checked his mirrors before reversing out of the parking space and heading off towards Rosie's day-care.
This had been pre-conceived, but why?
John did not know what to do with himself. He had told Sherlock to stay, and then spent the day alternately trying to put as much distance between them as possible and swinging back into his orbit, full of anger and disapproval. Sherlock had not dared dig too deep into Mary's affairs, not with John hovering over his shoulder and bristling with aimless outrage.
'They'll kill me, and anyone else who gets in their way.'
'It's only a theory, but with the data we have, it's the most likely scenario.'
The sigh that echoed down the phone carried a mournful edge. 'I hope you're wrong. I really do.'
'Green is south, blue is east, and black is west.' He let out a breath, sitting cross-legged on the floor amidst the photographs. 'The colour indicates which side of the cenotaph to use. The first digit tells us the column, the second the line, and the one after the full stop marks the word.'
There were photos of Rosie, too, her growing body another clear indicator of time. Though there were fewer, they seemed to document her care-takers – Molly and Mrs Hudson, mostly.
In those moments, when the virus eradicated all of John's filters and masks, Sherlock had seen what he had done: the agony his actions had caused. Yet he had also seen the depths of John's forgiveness, and the first, honest indication that John valued him still, just as much as he had when they had parted.
'Yes. I'd offer to let you speak with him, but he is... not currently at his best.'
Dropping his hands, he smoothed his palms over the hub of his own kneecaps, letting the soft rasp of the expensive fabric soothe him. The light on the DVD player winked out a steady, stand-by beat, mocking him. He scowled at the harmless device, considering its contents.
John wasn’t surprised, not really. In fact, he was grateful; not that he’d admit that out loud. ‘You shouldn’t be here,’ he protested, but it was a token gesture: a feeble little reprimand to make sure Sherlock knew he disapproved. Just a little bit.
Every surface gleamed. Even the floorboards seemed to have been scrubbed at some point. Had Sherlock been attempting to stave off the abyssal misery that boredom brought in its wake, or was there something more sinister at the root of it?
'I forgive you.'
Sherlock grabbed John’s coat, pulling him away from the swirling water at the river’s edge. Even in the dim twilight, he could see the blood at his temple. He looked too pale, his clothes sodden from the Thames and his body lax.
'The airfield may look dilapidated but don't be deceived by appearances. Satellite imagery and what small amount of reconnaissance we have managed to collect suggests that it has active utilities and is well-equipped with interior electronics. Although it is no longer functional for its original purpose, we cannot rule out an attack or escape via air. The tower at RAF Ashford is monitoring our airspace and has helicopters on standby if necessary. Beyond that, I am afraid there is little of certainty I can offer. Let's move.'
Want to keep up-to-date on what I'm doing? Head over to
'Unless she were to testify.'
It wasn’t as if he even thought it was a waste of time. Not really. Doctors needed to keep up their skills, and so many were specialists in one area or another these days that they lost touch with the basics of medical care. No, it was necessary, but it didn’t make it any less dull.
'Oh,' John huffed out a sigh, putting aside the scalpel as "Anthea" offered him a smile and a knowing look. Her gaze seemed to sparkle, as if he amused her, and John cleared his throat as he returned to his chair. 'That explains the blank screen. I'm guessing you're not here for my medical opinion?'
Sherlock watched him go, a tendril of concern curling around his heart. It was good to get John focussing on something beyond his own thoughts and recriminations, but it was a temporary fix. Recovering from all that had happened would take time. It was another storm for John to weather, and he had already braved more in recent months than most people could bear.
'You have nothing to apologise for.' Sherlock folded his arms over his chest, looking down at his own bare feet as if struggling to pick a clear way forward. The air between them hummed with everything that remained unsaid, but John did not have the strength to give any of it voice. His tears had exhausted him, shattering his anger and leaving him hollow.
'I would rather have evidence,' he managed, struggling to keep his voice steady. 'I would not wish to cause you needless pain.'
He might have resented that, once, but in retrospect, Sherlock could see the wisdom in John’s efforts. Here, in Molly’s tiny courtyard garden, decked as it was with artificial stars, he felt utterly at peace.
'What else do you have to do?' Sherlock bit out, letting out a sharp breath. 'How long can it possibly take your minions to investigate such specific coordinates?'
For one, small moment, he and John, side-by-side, found the peace they both so desperately craved.
It was no gentle rousing, and nor should it be. The body jerked and the chest heaved: the instinct to survive taking over.
It was time to leave London behind.
'Anything else we need to know?' John asked. 'Other than that Mary's developed a liking for booby traps and explosives?'
He considered it. The silence stretched out, moments becoming minutes as John chewed on his lip. Sherlock did not pressure him; he did not utter a word. He simply stood awaiting John's banishment.
'The bat and the skull stay,’ he muttered, giving an indifferent shrug. ‘Do what you will with the rest. Now, are there any more purchases we need to make?'
Some days though, he had no choice. His reflection caught his gaze in a challenging stare, and his life unravelled once more before his eyes.
The bang of the door made them both jump. John was on his feet in an instant, bristling. The Sig pointed at the new arrivals, rock-steady, and did not falter until Mycroft stepped forward with his hands raised.
'Our primary goal is to remove Sherlock from the equation. He is the lynch-pin on which Mary's plan relies, and by getting him to safety, we deprive her of her bargaining power. The last thing we want is for her to flee the scene with Sherlock still a hostage.'
Sherlock did not.
Maybe his time away had taught him some patience. Or maybe age had softened him a bit. Both were possible, but Sally doubted that was all there was to it. No, she suspected a great deal of Holmes’ balance had to do with the man who crouched at his side, examining the corpse with gentle hands.
Sherlock harrumphed as he spread the quilt over John's limp frame, trying not to feel the answering pull of leaden exhaustion that dragged at his muscles and clotted his head with vaporous, nonsensical thoughts. 'I've been busy looking after you.'
'Well, it
'No.' Sherlock sighed, pursing his lips as he tilted his head to one side in acknowledgement. His brother may not be facing him, but he would be watching his reflection in the glass. 'However, I did make a copy. Perhaps it is time I examined at it.'
Sherlock leaned back where he sat, steepling his fingers in front of his face as he considered the evidence of John's unhappiness. The would-be affair was the most obvious. Other, smaller clues wrote themselves about his person in minuscule bids for independence. Riding a bike to work, subtle changes in his fashion and style that Mary had indicated she disliked, his somewhat more reckless behaviour on cases... All of it suggested an element of resistance and a thirst for freedom. One that had only intensified upon the arrival of Rosie.
'Are you all right?' John asked him over breakfast. His appetite had recovered and with it, inch-by-inch, John reclaimed his strength. Already he looked a touch fuller in the tummy, and his pallor had vanished beneath a healthy flush. His temperature tended to tick upwards in the evening, but not high enough to cause concern.  He would not be up to chasing criminals for a bit yet, but he could at least move around the flat without needing three hours of sleep to recover from crossing the room.
A tiny whisper of noise reached his ear, and John froze, his breath catching in his throat as he strained to listen. It sounded like static through a telephone, distant and almost inaudible, but not quite. Now and then, a single note would pierce the hiss: designed to catch a listener's attention.
Now it was too late. All the things they'd never talked about, the stuff he hadn't had a chance to confess – it would all remain unsaid, and he'd have to live with that until his dying day. Maybe, in the end, neither of them had been the person they'd pretended to be.
Despite Mary's threats to the contrary, he was utterly alone.
'Isn't she?' Sherlock swallowed, ignoring the itch between his shoulder-blades. This – what he was saying – was a risk. John's anger and misery were violent forces seeking to overturn his logic. Yet Sherlock could not leave this to chance. He needed to know that he and John were on the same page. They had to present a united front to whatever awaited them in London. They had to work together, or he suspected any efforts to bring this to an end would come to nothing.
In reality, he'd not done too badly. Mary would be proud. He'd managed to remember all the essentials, from a toothbrush and razor to nappies for Rosie. Neither of them had anything to sleep in, though, and the only shoes he had were the ones on his feet. Still, he'd count his efforts as a victory. God knew he needed one today.
Sherlock grimaced, shaking his head. Had he been looking at this all wrong? Had he assumed that John and Rosie were the targets, when really, Harmattan had known of Mary's deception and hoped to bait her into returning? Perhaps they had been unsure and open to all possibilities, unlike Sherlock himself. Maybe they were not certain of Mary's ruse, and had sought to either lure her from hiding or pressure John into surrendering what they wanted at any cost.
'I was just thinking.'
The last he had seen; John had slipped into the designated warehouse. He had no idea what had happened next. All he knew was that they weren't together.
He checked the weather out of habit – pointless, as neither he nor Sherlock could go out –then lost himself on Facebook for a bit, staring at other people bemoaning the lockdown. With every moment, his irritation worsened and his headache intensified. By the time Sherlock came back, it took all John's fortitude not to bite his head off in helpless fury.
A pair of shadows moved, turning not in to the room that harboured him, but one beyond. The melodic Greek conversation washed over him, and though he was far from fluent, he could pick out some of the curses of frustration: a mission turned foul. Were they the ones who had breached John's home, or had there been more than one target tonight?
John's weathered face was a greyish white, the colour of his oatmeal jumper, and those hands shook as he pressed them to his temples, no doubt attempting to come to terms with this latest crisis. He looked like a man about to crack open, spilling viscera across the floor.
'Let me look into it,' he urged, his mind already racing with possibilities. Faking a death was no easy task, and not a job you could conduct alone. Mary would have had help, people she'd either charmed or bribed to assist her, and every single one of them was a weak link in the chain of her secret. All it took was a small mistake, and the truth would get out.
He should do as John suggested, he thought, and dip into his mind palace. There was no telling what trials awaited them in the days ahead, but perhaps some clues lay amidst the data he had already collected. Yet even as the notion of beginning a hunt through his memories came to him, he dismissed it, placing it neatly to one side. There would be time enough for that later.
John let out a tight breath, viscerally satisfied at the way Norbury's entire body jerked in shock. The blood drained from her face, her lips parted and her brow pleated. Behind her spectacles, her lashes fluttered, her eyes darting from side to side as her brain worked to adjust to this abrupt turn of events.
He would not be able to keep his brother in the dark for much longer. Mycroft was no doubt distracted by the current political climate, or he would have noticed within a day or so. As it was, he and John had been given a blissful reprieve. Not just days, but weeks to surrender themselves to one another – to chart this new frontier in one another’s arms and hearts and beds.
Back to Baker Street.
Sherlock noticed. John refused to believe that he could tell what John had for dinner three days ago but failed to observe him turning into a grump at this time of year. He never said anything though. Never wore a poppy either, but then maybe that’s because such things were beneath him. Who could tell with Sherlock?
‘Profit.’ Sherlock turned towards the door. ‘The maple syrup market is hardly booming in the UK. As a nation, we tend to prefer higher sugar options. It takes a great deal of maple tree sap to make a small amount of syrup, and then there are import costs to consider. Cut it with some kind of bulking agent reduces production expenses. They simply made an unfortunate choice of contaminant. If you need me, call me, but for God’s sake make it interesting.’
The day before yesterday, his phone had started acting up. Echoes on the line and mis-coded characters in texts. He couldn't be sure that messages weren't being intercepted. Emails were eminently hackable, and visiting Sherlock in person? No. John had no idea what was going on, but walking into Baker Street would only make it worse, of that he was certain.
At last, Sherlock ghosted upwards, beckoning John along in his wake before lifting his hand, bringing him to a halt and gesturing at the top stair. A thin veneer of dust lay across the bare wood. There, outlined in its greyish veil were two footprints, not facing towards the threshold, but away from it, as if someone had peered down into the hall.
The dial tone buzzed in his ear as he struggled for breath, snatching in sips of air that barely sustained him. The weight of Sherlock's hand settled on his shoulder: a tether to the real world. Black spots danced at the edge of his vision, and strong palms guided him back into his seat.
He knew Mary; knew how she worked. She used codes to keep her secrets from prying eyes, not to communicate with others. Whatever she’d hidden away would have some kind of key only she knew: something that she never intended to share. This - it was a reminder. Something to point the way, just in case she ever needed help unlocking her own cipher.
'A poor attempt. Perhaps I should show you how it's done.'
Sherlock's words strained in his throat, a torrent desperate for release, but he choked them back, bowing his head to stare at the scarred tabletop. 'If that's what you wish.'
Straightening from his feigned slouch, he flicked his fingers through his hair, wrinkling his nose at the faint tang of smoke that lingered in his curls. It would dissipate before long in the open air, and he had the time to spare. By now, John and little Rosie should already be on their way, whisked off to parts unknown.
And now all he could think about was the other day, when he had come a hair’s breadth from kissing Sherlock, from making all this nebulous possibility into something concrete. Instead, he had backed off, backed down, lost his courage and kept his distance like a complete and utter pillock.
The bed welcomed him, sinking beneath his weight as Sherlock snaked an arm around his waist, nestling against his side as if he belonged.
John's presence was not merely reassuring because he was another person – competent and reliable back-up. It was because he was John Watson in particular: a man who, even now, enjoyed Sherlock's company just as he was. A man who understood him in a way no one else had ever attempted. That, Sherlock knew, was the most valuable kind of friendship. In the midst of all this turmoil, he found solace in the reminder of its unfaltering existence.
Sherlock nodded. 'It could cause some serious damage, especially when their opponent is unaware of the danger. The question is, who is the fighter, and were they anywhere near Millie last night?'
Sherlock blinked, baffled and trying not to read too much into it. This was not a conscious choice. No doubt Rosie had awoken John and he had prioritised her own needs over his desire to appear strong and confident in Sherlock's presence. That was the only reason John had not dressed before emerging from his room; there was nothing more to it than that.
‘See you later, John.’ With that, he was gone, the rear lights of the taxi charting its path down Baker Street and out of sight.
Mary had stepped in front of that bullet for Sherlock: Sherlock, who John knew had goaded Norbury to the point of no return. God, he hated him. His arrogance and pride, his fucking fallibility. If not for him, Mary would still be alive.
Sherlock inclined his head. 'If you would rather sit this one out –'
It would be easy to take offence at Mycroft’s surprise, but John swallowed it back. He only knew “calumny” because he and Greg had looked it up yesterday for a crossword clue. Not that he was going to tell either Holmes that particular fact.
However, just because John wished it didn't make it true.
And there, Sherlock realised, was Mary's weakness and her fear. She could admit without hesitation that she was an assassin and worse, but treason was where she drew the line. Not in her actions – she had committed it readily enough – but in the person she portrayed to the world. It was the secret she did not wish anyone to know.  Least of all, he suspected, John.
'I'm safe. We're safe. What do you know?'
‘You’re looking for the sixth word in the sixty-fifth line.’ Sherlock waited as John counted, his lips moving as he skimmed his finger down the photograph before he paused. ‘Well, what is it? Does it make sense?’
“Idiot!”
It was slow, gruelling work, finding the one string they could pull which would unravel Mary's encryption. There would be no quick answers for them. The minutes slipped past as Sherlock worked, his mind the pick with which to pry open the lock. Various combinations failed, but bit-by-bit, everything began to fall into place.
‘You don’t have to come with me, you know,’ he pointed out, knowing his protest would fall on deaf ears. Sherlock wouldn’t leave him alone to face the hospital staff, not even for something so minor.
He was everything Sherlock never knew he needed.
No CCTV monitored the site, nor were there any other watchful eyes that he could see. After a moment's hesitation, he reached for his Sig, settling it comfortably in his hand as he continued to creep forward. There was no sign of Mary, but he had not expected to find her standing outside in broad daylight. The address she'd given pointed him to the warehouse on the north side, and he picked his way towards it, every sense flung open for even a hint of danger.
'Thank you.'
Yet there was an ache behind his eyes that could not be ignored. It dragged at his eyelids and flowed through his body. The twist of his fingers in the quilt eased, falling slack as the tension in his shoulders melted away. Inch-by-inch, he slipped down into the same darkness that held John in its embrace, losing himself in sleep's shadows.
When it came to Sherlock, his feelings were far more complicated than what he felt about Mary: fury and pain and hope.  They were bright and explosive compared to the cobwebs of guilt-guilt-guilt left by his late wife, and John didn't dare face their ferocity.
Eventually, she started to fuss, and John picked her up, shifting her weight over onto one hip as he walked through to the kitchen, setting about mixing a bottle for her. She was at that awkward stage where she was half-weaned, eating a mix of milk and various nutritious baby foods. He had to start getting back into their routine in the next few days, he realised, or she'd be hell to deal with. Not that he could blame her. He felt like having a good cry himself, ripped up from everything familiar and left adrift.
Sherlock took his phone from him with careful reverence, elegant fingers splaying over the display so he could zoom in on the details. 'I wondered what you were doing,' he murmured, a crooked smile curving one corner of his mouth. 'I need to see the body - get a better idea of the wounds. This is a cavalry sabre, early 1800s, from the look of it. The inscription is of Salamanca, which was a pivotal battle in about 1812. Lots of mounted soldiers. Whether it could have made the injuries that killed Millie I can't be sure, not unless I can get a closer look at her corpse.' A quick swipe of his thumb moved the image onto the close-up of the photo John had taken, and he narrowed his eyes at the figures.
An indecipherable noise caught in John's throat: half-laugh, half-sob, but when he spoke, he sounded both determined and resolute. 'No. That will never happen. It's not what I want.' He lowered his voice, his words taking on the edge of a confession. 'In a lot of ways, I wish she had died at the aquarium – properly, I mean.'
'Good. You look after yourself. Don't get so focussed on taking care of John that you forget to keep your strength up.' She smiled at him, all warm comfort and knowing fondness, despite the distance that separated them. 'And don't let John brush this off as nothing, either. Doctors make terrible patients.'
Ah, Sherlock thought, that explained Lestrade’s mood at least. His ex-wife had been giving him days with the kids less and less. She was busy building a life with her new husband, and Lestrade’s children were a crucial ingredient. The Detective Inspector, it seemed, was shut out in the cold.
Not that there’d been much time to change. The Dean had called Sherlock only a few minutes before Greg, the both of them requesting his presence. Whatever had happened, they wanted it solved quickly.
Sherlock's right hand smoothed up and down John's back as his left arm encircled John's waist, holding him close. The promise of attraction was a distant thing, like far-off starlight: a constant, but one that, for now, meant nothing to John.
‘The end of the world?’ He cleared his throat, giving his head a tiny shake. ‘Bit dramatic, don’t you think? Mary wasn’t that bad.’
'Are you all right?'
'Who?
‘Who would want me for a flatmate?’
Sentiment was a veil that clouded the issues at hand. Ever since this started, he had wondered, deep in the back of his mind, if Mary’s death had been a ruse. As soon as he realised she had stepped into the path of the bullet, the possibility had been there, but he had ignored it.
Would it be a destruction, Sherlock wondered, his heart skipping in the base of his throat, or a metamorphosis? Would John crumble to ash, or would he be tempered by the flames of this? He could not say, and that, more than anything else, was what shook Sherlock to his core.
He didn’t even get the chance to put his phone down before it buzzed with a response. “Could be dangerous – SH.”
'When we fail to fall into their trap, the splinter group are likely to divide their number in order to attempt to locate us, making them easier to neutralise. Take shelter within buildings and make them defensible. Use lethal force if necessary, though the government would appreciate having one or two left alive to question. Sherlock, Doctor Watson, go with Commander Wells. I know you will refuse to be separated. I would join you, but that would rather be like putting all our eggs in one basket.'
'No, they're both fine. No rashes, either, before you ask.' John surveyed Sherlock over the rim of his cup. He should have known that Sherlock's compassion, when it made an appearance, would look something like this: practical, analytical, and devoid of all physical sentiment. He offered John no sympathy, treating his illness as a problem to document and solve above all else.
And slowly, sweetly, Sherlock kissed him back.
Just as Mycroft did.
Sherlock let out an unsteady breath, tugging at his right cuff in nervous uncertainty before taking a single step forward and insinuating himself in John's personal space. If John decided to throw a punch now, Sherlock would bear the bruises for weeks, but he could not hold himself at arm's length as John shattered to pieces before his eyes. There were not tears: nothing so cathartic. Instead, John trembled from head to toe, subtle shivers that spoke of the depths of his emotional distress.
Not unlike the man who walked at his side. At least at first glance.
The ambulance set off, wheels humming over tarmac. There were no blue lights or screaming sirens. Corpses didn't go anywhere in a hurry. Besides, the time for haste had passed. Now, she had to move with care.
Norbury's pale face, already washed out by the harsh fluorescent lights, grew more pinched, her wrinkles deepening as her brow furrowed. Yet there was no flicker of surprise on her features. To John, she almost looked as if she had expected the news. Sherlock had been right; she knew something about what was going on. The question was, how could they get her to give up the details?
‘You’d lose an arm. Leave her be.’
'Sherlock?' He could picture her, her head tilted to the side, inquisitive, and her brow pleated in a flash of consternation. 'What is it? Is everything all right? Is it Rosie?'
No purpose.
As quietly as he could, he slipped inside, nestling between the tiny, hanging garments and pressing his back against the wall. Against his chest, Rosie began to stir, and he shushed her breathlessly, pleading with her to hold her silence as he jammed himself into one corner.
Sherlock huffed, readjusting the quilt around himself and burying his nose in its depths. Sentiment. Not his area. It never had been. People were confusing, messy creatures who rarely acted out of logic: any crime scene demonstrated as much. Yet there, at least, there was evidence, things he could pick out and use to build a foundation for his deductions. When it came to John, he had only the flimsiest of facts upon which to construct his assumptions, and the fear of being wrong tightened like a noose around his throat.
Now, at last, he was finally going to get some answers.
'And I'm grateful.' John's mirth vanished, replaced by an earnest expression that brought light to his eyes for the first time in days. 'I mean it, Sherlock. You didn't have to do this. Any of it.'
A small, soft noise caught in Sherlock's throat, but before John could pull back, a hand cupped his jaw. Long fingers splayed around John's ear and tunnelled into his hair. The flat of Sherlock's palm guided him, changing the angle and holding him in place as Sherlock kissed him back.
Sherlock clenched his teeth, narrowing his eyes in disgust. Gaining Mary's trust had been a long-shot, but it had also been his only hope. Without her assistance, he was doomed to sit here, wounded and bound, a bystander to whatever events were about to unfold. It galled him to be rendered so helpless, even by a woman as skilled as Mary, but try as he might, he could not fathom a way out of his current predicament.
A/N: This is all fictional. As far as I know the real Banksy is just one person.
It meant Mary was no longer the focus of their efforts. Instead, this was all about John, Rosie and, to a lesser extent, Sherlock himself. A streamlined, uncomplicated equation. Beyond that, he refused to acknowledge the sad, hopeful flutter of his heart, forced into silence for far too long. It was not the time to reconsider the borders of their friendship; perhaps it never would be.
Whatever else she had been – secret agent, spy, traitor or assassin – Mary had been John's wife. That was not something either of them could afford to ignore. As much as Sherlock wished he could treat her as any other potential culprit within a case, he could not shake the notion that whatever he discovered had great potential to bring John further physical and emotional distress.
'A sharper one?'
A debt repaid.
And now, thanks to John, he knew exactly what to do about it.
It felt good, standing in the empty park as the heavens poured their sorrows on the earth. Maybe he could pretend it was washing it all away: the anger, the pain, the confusion and, under it all, the furious joy of a broken heart made whole again.
Each night, he fell asleep to the same thoughts, and each dawn brought him no closer to an answer.
‘A couple of hours now.’ John shrugged, and Greg couldn’t look at him, not when John’s eyes were so full of helpless love. ‘He’ll have a horrible crick in his neck when he wakes up.’
He turned the locks as he went, making their home secure before squaring his shoulders and facing the noir prospect of the front door. Shouldering it aside, he moved with the busy haste of Londoners everywhere as he hailed a cab.
And what did she want from this? What did she hope to achieve in the aquarium?
The sudden flicker of a shadow was the only warning they got before the door was snatched open to reveal Mummy, one eyebrow lifted towards her hairline and her lips pursed in a line of disapproval.
Long ago, he had realised the futility of fighting when it got to this point. When the tide of leaden exhaustion and effervescent awareness began to tangle in peaks and troughs. When his body rebelled, his muscles aching and his bones weighing heavy inside his skin.
Not that he minded that strange, old presence. It was still his city. London, Sherlock knew, was more than the buildings that grew from its surface in a forest of concrete, brick and glass. How many times had the city fallen? The blitz and the fire. The floods and the plague. Still it lived on, growing ever bigger on the foundation of its ancient bones.
Investigating the floor around it, he realised there was nothing to mar the concrete: no pressure plates or other gadgetry. Lifting his gaze upwards, he squinted at the holes in the roof in case someone waited up there, gun trained on him. No, he decided, the old corrugated metal could not take a person's weight. They would fall to their deaths before they could pull the trigger, and there was nowhere else from where someone could shoot him without being seen.
A jerky shrug lifted John's shoulders. 'Run towards it?' Understanding dawned across his expression. 'You're trying to bring them here. To us.'
‘This is childish.’ Mycroft frowned, but he didn’t retreat. They both stood there, breath bated, waiting for their parents to spill forth their harmless secrets.
'Stand up,' he ordered, and now more than ever, Sherlock wished he could read John Watson's mind. His body was a walking contradiction, his voice soft despite its command while those nimble hands clenched into tight, desperate fists at his side. He looked pale, despite each breath whispering too quick between his lips, and no smile curved that mouth.
'It still feels like my fault.' John shifted, punching his pillow into shape. The shadows under his eyes seemed more pronounced than they had an hour ago, and he hunched his shoulders, making himself small beneath the quilt. It made Sherlock want to tug him into his embrace, to fold his arms around John's back and take some of that immeasurable burden from him, but he could not be sure such an act would be welcome.
‘So, you’ve said. Repeatedly.’ There was something in Sherlock’s tone that made it sound like John wouldn’t know art if it bit his bum, which didn’t help John’s mood.
'Were you here. Did you see her?'
John pulled back, his exhaustion stripping away everything from him but the most basic kind of honesty. 'He had nothing on you, Sherlock. Even I could see that.'
She and Vivian had known their days were numbered. They could both feel it in the breeze: the chill bite of the wind coming in from the east. For Mary, the safest thing for her to do was disappear. For Vivian? Well, it was hard to kill someone deeply embroiled in a high-profile legal case. There were too many witnesses for the British government to sweep it under the rug and mete out some private justice. Vivian had made sure of it. She would be in the spotlight for a while, safe beneath the scrutiny of a nation.
Contrary to John's belief, he did not venture up the stairs on a regular basis, not since those first few weeks when John had laid down the law on the sanctity of personal space. Grudgingly, Sherlock respected the decree, and he'd not set foot over the threshold again except to ferret out John's gun when needed.
The woman lay where she had fallen, her eyes vacant. There were no signs of injury, nor anything to hint at a struggle. In fact, the room was so barren of evidence that it looked staged.
'I forgive you.'
Their concern did them credit, Sherlock told himself as he clenched his teeth in annoyance. Besides, he could hardly blame Lestrade and Molly for extrapolating from his own past behaviour. No doubt they thought he was meddling where he shouldn't.
'The helicopter,' he said, clenching his jaw. 'We need to disable it: it's their only quick way out of here, and a Hind can carry a good number of people.'
'An unknown quantity who has proven herself to have her own best interests at heart.' Sherlock searched for signs of understanding in John's face. 'There are shades of grey and nuance, but we must go into this firm in our ideas of our highest priorities.'
The next hour or so passed trading stories of Greg's boring but plentiful cases of thugs knifing each other in dark alleys and husbands shoving their wives down the stairs. It was the grim, gritty, procedural side of the job that John and Sherlock had no part in. None of the cases were intriguing enough for Greg to even mention to Sherlock, nor did they offer any kind of challenge.
He was going to hell. Not because he was a soldier; killing people was part of war. This? God, this was probably some kind of awful blasphemy.
'Of course not. I shall get back to you with possibilities. And Sherlock? Send those files over. Let me worry about the potential consequences to the political stage, won't you?'
‘You did well.’
He hated the silence, once. It had rubbed against him like steel wool over exposed nerves, driving him to madness. His mind railed against it, seeking to fill every moment with new thoughts and deductions. He had chased highs of every kind imaginable, just to try and control the pinwheeling spin of his own brilliance.
'Yes.' Mary closed her eyes. 'They wanted to break free of the rest. I had information that would help them, and they had funds that would not only allow me to start over but would keep me very comfortable. More to the point, they would ensure that the old guard of Harmattan never came looking for me, or for John and Rosie.'
'I see.' Mycroft's voice sounded muffled, and John could picture him curling his fingers over his lips in thought – his eyes narrowed as he considered their options. 'I will send some of my people to watch Baker Street. There is no point in you and John being easy targets if we can avoid it.'
'A small blessing, then, that both parties are better off with him alive. At least for the time being. However, while they might not neutralise him, they could still submit him to a world of pain. You know that, and so do they. More to the point, so does Mary. By taking Sherlock, she has made him the epicentre of this entire situation. In order to gain any kind of advantage, we must remove him from the scenario.'
But at least they weren’t stuck in this traffic.
A handful of years ago, he would have been appalled at his own paranoia. Yet after working with Sherlock and seeing first-hand the reach and power of a man like Moriarty, John found himself unwilling to leave anything to chance.
The cenotaph was a four-faced monolith of marble, left to turn grey and green with grime by the passing of the years. Yet the letters of each name remained unmarred, struck into the stone in eternal remembrance. Printing each image was a time-consuming effort, but organising them to adequately reflect the true layout of the memorial was, he knew, essential.
'I don't know.' Sherlock's clipped response almost made John smile. Blatant frustration edged his voice: curt and aggravated at the unanswered questions that circled around them. 'However, I have every intention of finding out. Leave it with me, John. For now, the best thing you can do is carry on as normal. '
Sherlock stepped forward, his hands falling from the wool of his coat as he reached for John, straightening the shoulders of his jacket with a gentle tug. It was such a thoughtful gesture that John blinked in surprise, caught in the spotlight of Sherlock's gaze. His heart leapt in his throat, beating there like a thrashing bird. His mouth turned dry, and he found himself breathless as Sherlock gave his suspicions serious consideration.
One way or the other.
'Then I suggest, dear brother, that you set about finding it. So far, I can see no inclination for this surveillance situation to escalate, but matters can change in mere moments. Let's try and stay one step ahead of this if we can.'
He seemed a bit less scathing about it, though. Not nice, but not cruel, either.
'The bed's ready if you want it,' Sherlock called, poking his head around the bedroom door. 'Or would you rather stay there?'
He raised a pointed eyebrow at John's clothes: one of a small number of outfits he had collected together before fleeing for the safe-house. Rosie was no better off, and if Sherlock knew one thing about children, it was that they were, by their nature, messy. 'You need to consider your immediate future, John, so that we can take steps to make it a reality.'
.' He jabbed his finger at Mary, and Sherlock could see the trembling waves of John's bitter fury cresting through his body. He looked like a man about to snap, and Sherlock reached out, pressing two fingers subtly to the back of John's wrist, a simple tether of connection.
Sherlock stepped back, tilting his head to admire the sight of John in his bed. Given the circumstances, the subtle warmth in his chest could not be deemed appropriate, but nor could he stifle it.
‘Not if I can help it,’ Sherlock promised, holding the door open to Mycroft’s office to let John through before shutting it behind them with a decisive click.
'Just practice. I'll get the score sheets, show you who she fought.' Phil strode away, shouting advice to his charges as he went, occasionally pausing to adjust someone's stance or remind them of where to place their feet.
Yet it was not just Sherlock's obvious skill that John admired. He was a gorgeous man; anyone with eyes could see that. Now, the focus on his face was almost serene. He had never seen Sherlock so utterly at peace. Even lost in his mind palace he was not so focussed.
This – what he felt now – was tempered and honed by the fact he knew Sherlock. All his foibles and insecurities, his virtues and his faults.
'What's the plan?' he demanded, his fingers curling over the edge of the seat as he rounded his shoulders, meeting Mycroft's gaze with steady determination. 'And don't tell me you haven't got one. You and Sherlock are just the same. You prepare for any eventuality.'
Turning back to the kitchen and the waiting laptop, Sherlock tried to ignore the dense dread that lined the pit of his stomach. Recriminations raced around his head, reminding him time and again of all the reasons he did not get emotionally involved with the outcomes of his cases.
'No.' John held up a finger, running his tongue over his teeth as a nameless surge of something hot and feral rushed through his veins. 'I don't want – I – I can't see him. Not now. Not yet.' He sucked in a breath and shook his head. 'I think he's watching me anyway.' He shrugged, glancing towards the window. 'Even that's too much.'
'You, I'm afraid to say, are easy to manipulate. John's more your weakness than he's ever been mine. All I had to do was ask him to meet me alone, and you were like putty in the palm of my hand. You would never allow him to take such a risk; you would follow on behind. What John did once he left Baker Street was of no consequence. You were the one I was after, Sherlock. You were the one I needed.'
Well, he’d broken all of those that first day, since “Afghanistan or Iraq?” Since his cane abandoned in Angelo’s and the pain in his leg left behind with it. Had that been Sherlock’s power, more subtle than should be possible, or was that just the way he was? The deductions and all that?
And John was only too happy to oblige.
He wanted to go home.
The safe-house.
At last, Baker Street came into view: its roof distinctive amidst its more contemporary neighbours. The fire escape gleamed its welcome, chiming underfoot as he jumped on it and ducked through the bedroom window.
'Yeah.' John did not add the haughty "obviously" that floated around them both.
John huffed, poking Sherlock’s lean stomach. ‘Very beaten. Just awful. I’ll have to trade you in.’ He gave him a quick, mock glare before rolling his eyes. ‘You look gorgeous and you know it.’
When she and John emerged at the top of the stairs, Mrs Hudson had a plate of biscuits and John carried what looked like flattened, empty cardboard boxes under one arm. They were chatting, and John appeared more animated than Sherlock had seen him since they got home from the airfield, fragile still, but gathering his strength.
It was a split-second decision, one answered more in the hum of his blood than anything else. With clumsy hands, he reached out, opening the bedside drawer and scrabbling for the lube. The sleek bottle felt cool as he retrieved it and, without hesitation, pressed it into Sherlock's palm. 'I want you in me.'
A pint of his favourite ale was already waiting, and John hummed his thanks as he slumped into the armchair to Greg’s left, tipping his head back and taking a moment to relax.
He looked at John, still pale as they hobbled along. 'Are you all right?'
'Oh, but I think you do. I should have realised what Sherlock was doing: the merry-dance he led me when you found me in Baker Street. You knew it all, didn't you? Everything I'd done?'
'You're –' John paused, frowning in thought before a glimmer of a smile flirted across his lips. 'You're asking me to start an argument with her?'
'Unsurprising, considering her activities and the fact that she had developed a close association with Sherlock and, therefore, myself,' Mycroft added. 'She had to realise there was some risk of us isolating and decoding her itinerary. She planted the information, knowing I would act with haste to retrieve it. I should have foreseen the possibility, but I confess I did not.'
The shallow flutter of John's breathing sped up as they shuffled towards the bedroom, and Sherlock nudged aside the door before guiding him to the swell of the mattress, all but spilling John into its waiting depths.
John smiled, flicking off the lights and turning towards the bedroom. A seam of gold spilled out from under the door. He pushed it open and leaned against the threshold, the better to enjoy the sight that awaited him.
'The British government does not negotiate with terrorists, Miss Morstan. You know that.' Mycroft spoke as if he were talking of the weather, but John could see the tension creasing his eyes and bracketing his lips. He sounded unaffected, but he was far from it. This was a gamble, pushing at her, hounding her, seeing how far she would go. Yet with every word he could sense Mary's equilibrium faltering, her frustration growing as her grip on the situation began to slip.
The screen creaked under the pressure of his thumb as he disconnected the call, and John let out a tight breath, shoving the phone in his pocket. This – this whole situation... He wasn't ready for it. Not now. Maybe not ever. All he'd wanted was to focus on himself and his daughter – to find something like stability in the shifting tide of grief and uncertainty that consumed him. Instead it seemed that circumstances were conspiring to thrust Sherlock back into his life.
She could turn up on the doorstep begging for forgiveness and he'd not look at her twice. Not after this.
'Upstairs napping.' He waved towards the baby monitor perched on the kitchen surface. 'I think all this is tiring her out.' John huffed. 'A blessing, I suppose. At least one of us can get some good sleep.'
The woman he had grown to loathe, or the man that he had always loved?
He walked past the bench, taking note of the smaller details he had not observed from a distance. The callus on the woman's trigger finger. The hairline of the dark, curly wig, expertly but not precisely applied. Makeup shaded to narrow the angle of her jaw. She was better at disguise than observation: interesting.
‘It’s a shame she was not a student of floriography. The language of flowers,’ he clarified when John raised an eyebrow. ‘Most are insipid, mutable and entirely irrelevant, but Monksbane only has one meaning. Had she understood, she would have known immediately that she was in danger.’
‘Yes. It was my great grand-father’s.’ Sherlock caught John’s eye, and there was a hint of smugness in his smirk. ‘Sentiment. Though Mycroft would never admit it.’
'Security will be tightened from this point onwards. If Mary catches even a glimpse of us before we are ready...'
John Watson had walked into their lives and taken them all by surprise. If nothing else because he was so fucking normal, at least at first glance. He couldn’t be, of course, because no matter how much Holmes mellowed, Sally refused to believe anyone normal could bear his company for too long. No, Doctor Watson had to be extraordinary: to forgive and forget. To live with and to love a man like that.
He twiddled his fork in nervous circles before setting it aside and reaching for the bottle of water he'd bought along with his curry.  A fortifying sip later, he set it aside again, opening his mouth before closing it once more.
'Well, it seems you two have done all right in my absence.'
For one, brief moment, he considered deflecting or denying it, but that would be a hiding to nothing. Besides, it implied he was somehow ashamed of his relationship with Sherlock, which was so far from the truth it was laughable.
‘Goodbye, Irene.’
He repeated the same assurances that he had offered Molly, promising their continued safety. Lestrade's palpable relief made itself known in his gusty sigh. 'Jesus Christ, I thought... I dunno what I thought.'
He didn’t even feel himself reach out; it was more base than conscious thought, more primitive and instinctual. All he knew was that if he let Sherlock walk away now, there would be no coming back to this point. Something important – essential – would pass them by forever.
With a quick wink in Greg’s direction, John angled his plate and slid some of the smaller morsels of tempura towards the edge closest to Sherlock.
'There is activity related to both the name and a few entries contained in Mary’s log, suggesting that someone with knowledge of the secrets she collected is still active. Either there is some third, unknown party involved in this mess, or…
He watched Sherlock tilt the photos to the light, his silver eyes pinched in consideration. The pocket magnifier sparkled in his grasp as he put it to use, gleaning every last facet of data the photographs had to offer. Yet when he lifted his head, there was no pity in his gaze. He did not look at him as if he were a man seeing the illusion of his deceased wife. Instead, he appeared pallid in a way John hated, because it reminded him of that day when Sherlock plummeted from Bart's rooftop to lie, bloody and dead, on the pavement below.
The fingers of Sherlock's left hand gripped John's hip hard enough to leave bruises. Yet the tiny clouds of pain were lost in the storm of John's body – the thrilling, resonant anticipation as the blunt head of Sherlock's arousal pressed forward and in, teasing with a few twitches of his hips and sliding deeper with each stroke.
John approached the rusted chain-link fence, eyeing the padlocked gate that barred his way. At least, it would have done, if someone hadn't cut a portion of the wirework free to allow easy passage into the derelict site beyond its boundary.
‘No.’ John grinned as Sherlock’s huff. He didn’t care if Sherlock sneered at him for being silly and sentimental. ‘You were wearing that when I met you.’
He should have grabbed a snack before they left the flat. As it was, the constant complaints of his stomach were far from peaceful. They continued, ignored, for almost another twenty minutes before Sherlock made a tight, irritated noise. He reached into his pocket, pulling out some loose change and grabbing John's wrist, depositing the coins in his open palm.
‘What – what is it?’ He wet his lips, wishing Sherlock would hurry up and find the damn fuse box. This whole mess was bad enough without having to wander around in the dark.
She watched him like a hawk, drinking in the faint twitch of his features. 'Would you offer your assistance even then, Sherlock? Or would you let the splinter group do their worst?'
The sudden heat of John's embrace rocked him back on his heels, pinning his arms at his side as he blinked. He'd expected hissed words and refutation. Instead there was John, pressed against him and hugging him tight enough to hurt, his nose digging in to Sherlock's shoulder.
John shrugged. Maybe once, he'd have said it was because of him and Rosie, but he doubted it now. The idea that she might have had a change of heart because of the family she'd claimed to crave felt like nothing but a fiction: a bedtime story to chase away the loneliness. 'Something must have gone wrong,' he managed at last. 'Something she wasn't expecting.'
He braced himself, not sure what to expect. John’s anger – at Sherlock’s return and Mary’s death and everything in between – had dulled over the years. It was an old scar now, rather than a bleeding, jagged wound. Yet somehow, this still felt like prodding an old injury to stir up the pain.
There was no CCTV coverage here, and no place for anyone to spy on them unless they were camped out on the roof, which was both inaccessible and dangerous. There was also no chance of being overheard by any listening devices. The only spies were the rats and foxes who liked to try and get into Mrs Hudson’s wheelie bins, with limited success.
'It's possible,' Sherlock conceded, wishing he could ease John's distress, but there was no honest answer he could offer that would do so. 'Understanding the scope of Mary's involvement with these people, if indeed AGRA share more than a spurious connection with them, will go a long way to helping us ascertain their purpose. For one reason or another, they believe you are somehow key to their efforts.'
Then there were others. Strong even by Fae standards. They were the ones tied into the world in ways that made them too god-like for mankind to bear. The ones who could alter the course of the sun in the sky, or turn the hottest summer into the coldest, hardest winter. They obeyed no laws and followed nothing but their own whims.
'But the best, as well.' Sherlock cocked his head, knowing what Mrs Hudson meant. It was easy, in dire times, to focus on those who only knew selfishness. He would never declare himself to be the most altruistic of individuals, but there was no logic to be found in hoarding resources and denying those in need.
'But?'
'I –' John's throat clicked as he swallowed. 'No. No, I don't, but it's hard not to feel like I'm punishing Mary out of spite – making her suffer for her choices.'
'I wish I could say I didn't believe it,' he rasped, his lips wrenching into a thin, flat line as he shook his head. 'But it's easy enough, isn't it? Everything else she was? Everything she pretended to be? That's all it was, isn't it? A lie? Was the woman I married even real?'
John half-turned towards the doorway, his thoughts racing as he skipped to the next and final track. Mary's voice washed over him, and he clenched his teeth, his pulse tripping in sudden, awful fear.
'You're the detective, Sherlock. Why don't you tell me?'
'I'll try, if you do the same. Or at least lie down and wander your mind palace. There's no way I can relax with you prowling about the place, and I won't catch any sleep if you bugger off to a different room. It's too –' John gestured, waving his fingers as if his words flocked around him and he was attempting to pluck them out of the air. 'I need you,' he managed at last, putting his hands on his hips and looking at Sherlock without a hint of embarrassment. 'I need you next to me so I know you've not gone off on your own, otherwise I won’t be able to rest.'
Sherlock extricated the blanket that had been around his shoulders, folding it and spreading it in a narrow band across his feet, instead. 'I'll get you some more water. Do you need anything else?'
'We could use that to our advantage,' Sherlock pointed out. 'If it's one of Mary's greatest concerns, she may go to extreme measures to keep it from you. It could lead her to make compromises.'
Quickly, he tugged it free of his pocket before pulling it up on-screen and getting to his feet, shifting to Sherlock's side on the sofa as he held the device out. 'Not sure if this will help.' He wrinkled his nose. 'I remembered what you said about the sword needing to be heavier than standard fencing gear. It just caught my eye, that's all.'
He wished he could rejoice in it; the way John was finally willing to see the woman he had married for what she was. However, Sherlock had been equally deceived. It hurt more than he liked to admit to realise that Mary's secrets went far deeper than he had thought.
Hot and cold flashed through him in quick succession, leaving him light-headed. His hands clenched into fists, and he swallowed hard as he reached for a fraction of control. He could not put a pin in any single emotion. It was all a glittering, monochrome kaleidoscope: jagged edges and colliding shapes. Never, in his whole life, had he felt so conflicted. It left him paralysed, standing at the top of the stairs and fighting for his next breath as an angry buzzing filled his ears.
With shaking fingers, he unfolded the cheap stationary. He took a moment to examine John's penmanship – a doctor's scrawled, pressed hard into the page as if he were carving his message into stone – before he began to read.
A sound on the edge of his hearing made him pause, his mug halfway to his mouth and his eyes narrowed in consideration. The jab of his thumb silenced the prattle of the news presenter as he turned off the telly, the dark screen becoming a blank, baleful eye. Rosie murmured something in her sleep: lazy, baby noises that, at any other time, would melt John's heart. Now, he dismissed them: benign and irrelevant. They were not what had caught his ear and brought latent battle instincts screaming to the fore.
‘Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.’
The flutter of his breath at Sherlock collar stirred eddies of sensation in its wake, but he pushed it aside: inconvenient. This, John's outburst, could be a catharsis, but it was just as likely to be one of many bumps in the road of his grief. John certainly did not feel better as he leant against Sherlock's side, heavy and shrunken as if born down by some great weight, rather than relieved of his burdens.
A heady thing, and perhaps that explained why, under the rush of exhilaration, a healthy dose of trepidation festered in Sherlock's gut.
Sherlock hadn't touched them yet. No notes crowded the page; nothing marked it at all. Perhaps he had dismissed it in comparison to the other code. After all, it was clear that the long list shielded a greater wealth of information than this pair of numbers, but the more John stared at them, the more his heart began to race.
Mary.
'I will send a team to the flat to ensure it is safe and ready for your return. My driver shall see you to the clinic.' Mycroft gestured towards a waiting black car, sleek and mundane amidst the paramilitary chaos of the airfield. John fought off a hysterical laugh as he wobbled to his feet, reaching out a hand to help Sherlock limp across the short distance.
He could worry about the mess he found himself in all he liked, but that alone would not set it to rights. No, he needed to press forward. He needed to face it all, no matter how much he longed to curl up and bury his head in the sand.
'But –'
'My brother will be in touch before long. His advice back on the airfield was not without merit. I meant it when I said that you and Rosie are more than welcome to stay here – permanently, if you so wish – but we are rather lacking in every essential.'
Sherlock longed to reach out and bundle him into his arms, to restrain him in his embrace until he was sure John could hold himself together once more, but he didn't dare. Besides, what good would it do? Who would such an act truly comfort, John, or himself and his own volatile need to try and make things right once more?
John frowned, trying to imagine Sherlock buying his own groceries. He must have done it before John came along and after he returned to London to live alone in Baker Street. The man had to eat
Still, there was something nice about the way Sherlock narrowed his eyes in thought, giving the question serious consideration. 'When I was much younger, yes. Chickenpox. That kind of thing. The last time I was properly ill, rather than suffering from something self-inflicted, I was fourteen. I remember being stuck in bed, miserable and bored.'
'No.' Sherlock didn't look up from his phone. 'Well enough to be British Champion. Mummy wanted me to try out for the Olympics.' He pulled a face, apparently oblivious to the fact that John was gaping at him.
'Perhaps I'm merely waiting for the perfect opportunity.'
She sagged against him, her little mouth parted around breathy snores: sleeping like the dead. John uttered a silent prayer of thanks for that small blessing as he tiptoed towards the nursery door, his thoughts focussed on the Sig locked in his bedside table: his only line of defence.
'Thank God.' John closed his eyes, feeling some of his fear ebb. 'What else? He clearly had more to say.'
'I need to change those bedsheets.'
'I suppose he's been too busy with other things to bother with solving crimes.' Greg waggled his eyebrows, his laughter loud and joyful as John blushed. 'That's not a no!'
‘No weapon used in fencing would have done this. Even if sharp, épées and foils are stabbing implements.’ He pressed gloved hands to the gaping sides of one of the bigger wounds, a gash as long as John’s forearm from her hip to her shoulder. ‘This was a single slice. Even a fencing sabre would not be able to create it in one sweep, no matter how strong its wielder.’
'Mycroft –'
'Far too little. I suspect whoever did this was also kitted out in fencing gear. Though not as absolute as forensics suits, they still cover you from head to foot. If they were wearing a mask as well, which is a possibility, then they would shed very little in the way of evidence. Lestrade is less than impressed.' Sherlock led the way out, striding along the corridors of Bart's, the soles of his shoes squeaking on the linoleum. 'The statements taken from the others on the fencing team have been equally fruitless. They're all shocked. She was a good girl. The usual.'
He would awake, and the phantom of his friend would be gone. He knew that. Knew it well. It had happened enough times since Sherlock's fall, but he could not hold back his prayers. He would shout them to an uncaring universe if it made this real – made Sherlock alive and well once more. He would yell it from the rooftops, baring himself and his soul for the world to see if it would bring Sherlock back for good.
In fact, she was the only grandchild. On both sides. Harry acted like it had become some kind of competition. Then of course there was everyone else, who really didn’t have to get her anything but insisted: Greg, Molly, Sally, Mike… even Anderson. They all got her thoughtful, joyful, brilliant presents, and she, at four years old, was confident that Christmas was the second-best day of the year. (Her birthday came first, because then she got cake too.)
