“Are you and Bruce…” he trailed off when he heard footsteps, and sure enough Bruce walked into the room.
“Yeah, I’m sorry. Go back to sleep, Tony, I’ll be fine.”
A few days later was the weekly movie night. Steve made sure to arrive a little late, so he would get there after Tony. Sure enough, when he walked in, everyone else was already there and waiting, popcorn and drinks sitting on the table.
“Yeah, I was afraid of that. I’m a clingy sleeper,” he stood up. “I’m so so sorry, Steve, it won’t happen again, I promise.”
“Boy, you sure know how to make a girl feel special,” she smiled at him as she took a drink.
“Tony?” He lifted his gaze to Steve, and a small smile spread across his face, but he looked frazzled. He immediately looked back to what he was working on. “I brought you coffee,” Steve smiled and walked the mug over to Tony, setting it on the work bench. Tony picked it up and took a large drink, smiling slightly at Steve.
“Could be a lot worse.” Tony said releasing the button and Peter panted trying not to cry.
“You’re good?” Tony asked a little unsure what this meant for Peter.
“I am just scared of what they will think of me.” Ironman said frowning slightly as they broke apart.
“He trusts us Steve he just wants to keep his identity a secret.” Natasha defended him and Ironman bowed his head as a silent thank you to Nat.
“We’ll take care of the collar, won’t put you in too much agony.” Jared said and Peter smiled then realized that Jared and Jensen were ridiculously drunk.
“Calm down Tony. You know I could never stay mad at you.” Ironman said hugging Tony tighter and Tony calmed down snuggling into Ironman’s neck.
“Yeah that’s it.” Peter said blushing slightly.
“Well your cereal is getting soggy!” Tony yelled through the door.
“I’m sorry Clint.” Ironman said as Tony sent waves of calmness through him.
“What happened last night?” Jared said confused and trying to remember why he would have wrote this reminder. Jared then got another reminder.
“I think I would just cut the wire.” Tony said and Ironman relaxed a little.
“Yeah you saved us both.” Tony said remembering how they worked together to defeat Stan.
“What if he is still here?” Mark asked.
“Tony we NEED to talk!” Ironman said more firmly and Tony fidgeted feeling like he was in trouble for something. Ironman opened their bedroom door and then locked it behind him and practically threw Tony on the bed.
“Come in.” Tony said once he was prepared to face Steve.
“Oh you didn’t tell your friends your real name huh?” Tony teased and Peter glared at Tony whimpering in pain as Tony shocked him again. Tony grabbed him by the collar choking him slightly and dragging him away. Peter struggled and grit his teeth tired of not fighting back.
“You can’t hang on to him.” Misha said and held the collar tight. Peter whimpered again as he felt pressure on his neck.
“You know I think I will enjoy you a lot more now that there is two of you.” Pepper said happily.
“Okay I won’t touch you  it’s okay you’re okay.” Tony said and Peter started crying quietly. Tony tried his best to comfort Peter but Peter just shivered under his words. Tony backed up and got a good four or five feet between them and Peter finally calmed down wiping away his tears.
Steve burst into the lab and found Tony panting leaning over his workbench treating his own wounds.
“Hope you brought coffee.” Tony said still a little tired.
“I have so many questions. First of all, I haven’t seen our resident god all week, is he back?”
Steve was in the middle of a workout, and when he went up on a crunch, he saw Natasha standing over him.
“Nat…” he took a deep breath, looking at the ground. “Sometimes I have…panic attacks,” her face automatically looked concerned, so he didn’t let himself pause. “It’s honestly not a big deal, it’s been happening since I woke up. I just deal with them and move on with my life, but last night Tony happened to be there when it happened.”
“Sure, yeah,” Tony offered, heading back towards the bed and laying down. Thanks Steve.” Tony settled back into bed and was practically back asleep when Steve was heading out for his run.
“Sleepwalking? Into my room?”
“Yes, Steve,” she smiled, stepping out of the elevator. “Tony thinks that you don’t want to be his friend, so just do small stuff. Show him that you’re open to it. Good luck,” she nodded as the elevator door closed. Small stuff, he thought to himself. I can handle small stuff.
After three months of living in the Tower, they were a pretty tight group. Steve continued trying to grow closer to Tony- he brought him food to the workshop a lot of days, he always sat next to him at movie nights, and he made sure to check up on him after missions. Tony seemed to become more relaxed in these situations, and the conversations because easier, but he never initiated anything. One night, when Steve was laying in bed trying to sleep, his door opened. He immediately recognized the silhouette.
“What?”
“I can’t lift him, but I feel like maybe he should sleep in a real bed,” she smiled at him. “And I thought to myself, who better to take Tony to bed than Steve?” Steve rolled his eyes at her and felt a blush spreading across his cheeks.
“Well, in his words,” Steve straightened up and cleared his throat, and then in his best impression of Thor, “I would like to impress Lady Jane with midgardian tomato cake.” Tony laughed at this, partially at the thought of Steve trying to be serious in the conversation with Thor, and partially because Steve was so damn cute when he was being goofy.
“Steve, I get the hesitation…but this isn’t the 1940’s anymore. Nobody would think twice about you and Tony together, and I think you’re overestimating Tony’s attention span. He pays a hell of a lot more and closer attention to you than any of the rest of us.” Steve sighed. “I’m just saying, Steve, if you have real feelings for him, you should go for it.”
“Thanks, Bruce,” he turned and began to walk out, but stopped when he got to the door. “Banner?”
“Tones?” Tony’s eyes shot up and he smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m here, Tony. I’m just going to the bathroom and I’ll be right back.” Steve hurried to the bathroom and back, removing his pants and sliding into bed in a t-shirt and boxers, as he always did. “I’m here,” he offered quietly, unsure if Tony was back to deep sleep or not. Tony shifted and laid his head on Steve’s chest, throwing an arm and a leg across Steve’s body. Steve just smiled and held him close, and kissed his head before uttering a soft “Goodnight, Tony,” and closing his eyes.
“Maybe you should sleep in a real bed more often,” Natasha snarked, smiling at him. He glanced at Steve and back at her.
“I don’t know, Bruce.” Tony let his head drop and sighed, bringing a hand to rub the back of his neck.
“Oh, Stevie,” she smiled wide and put a hand on his arm. “He is soooo your boyfriend, whether you guys admit it or not. And based on this morning, I’m assuming he wouldn’t mind to. So the real question is, what are you gonna do now?”
One morning, after one of Tony’s rare nights where he slept like a normal person, he wandered into the communal kitchen to find all of his teammates there. Steve was standing at the stove cooking what looked to be bacon and eggs, and Tony could smell his coffee already brewing.
“Indisposed?” Steve raised his eyebrow at that. He opened the door and Natasha followed him, chuckling slightly. He saw Tony, asleep on his work desk, and he shook his head as a smile spread across his face.
“Goodbye, Tony.”
“I always have time for you, Stevie,” Tony smiled, gesturing Steve to the big worn out couch. “I’m just working on the plans for Barton’s explosive arrows and next up is an upgraded shield for you,” he continued working while he talked.
“We weren’t doing it,” Steve rolled his eyes and blushed once again.
“Hey, Steve, I heard Nat caught you and Tony doing it in the workshop today,” Clint giggled as Steve plopped down on the couch for movie night with a bowl of popcorn.
“Stark,” Clint responded easily. “You finally ready?” he held up the tv remote.
“Tony?” His eyes fluttered open, and he lifted his head from Steve’s chest, but their legs were still tangled and he didn’t look scared as he had the last time.
“Steve’s got a boyfriend, Steve’s got a boyfriend,” Natasha said quietly, when she knew Clint and Bruce weren’t listening.
“Tones? Tony, let's go to bed,” Tony smiled at him when he opened his eyes.
Tony strode in a few minutes later, after they had all finished eating already, as usual. He took his seat next to Steve, leaving only two inches between their legs.
“Not much for a while, until I make dinner.”
“How’s our favorite happy couple?” Clint asked.
“Doesn’t it bother Banner that Clint is up your ass all the time?” Tony prodded, leaning forward onto the counter. Steve definitely did not look at his magnificent ass, nope, not at all. Natasha shrugged in turn.
“Well, I just figured since your boyfriend is going to be there,” she smiled at him, not completing her statement.
“Cold. So cold,” his teeth were chattering, yet his forehead was drenched in sweat. He had the blankets all wrapped around him, and it seemed that JARVIS had turned up the heat in the room.
“I can’t imagine why,” she smirked, looking between him and Tony. “I’ll meet you up there,” she left the room with that.
“Uh, Cap?” Tony asked as he walked back into the room, “Do you mind if we, uh, turn the heat down a little bit?”
“Okay, so first we have to cook the meat,” Steve stated, pointing Thor towards a skillet.
“I’m not,” he was unconvincing.
“Steve, he doesn’t hate you. He doesn’t know how to talk to you, and he thinks you’re cold towards him, which isn’t completely untrue.”
“I’m the one that’s been climbing into your bed, Cap,” Tony tried to sound casual, but was really looking for approval. He slept far better in Steve’s bed than he ever did anywhere else. Go figure.
“Uh, Tony?”
“Nothing, really,” Steve felt a little stupid but tried to reassure himself that Tony wasn’t upset. “I just wanted to see you. I can leave if you’re too busy…” Steve looked unsure, waiting for a sense of reassurance.
Peter tried not to panic as he slowly made his way over trying not to freak out. Peter stopped by Mr. Harrington keeping a good four or five feet between him and Tony.
“It still amazes me that we can do this.” Tony said smiling. ‘Yeah’ Ironman thought feeling Tony’s joy and wonder.
“Oh.” Was all Tony said and then flipped a switch.
“Wanna spar now?” Steve said wrapping his hands.
They turned in their permission slips in and then went on the bus.
“Okay Ironman you’re good.” Tony said and Clint listened really hard for another voice.
Peter waited for something to happen as he watched his body burn but something was keeping him there. Peter looked around and saw Mark holding something in his hand. Peter looked and saw that it was the collar Tony put on him.
“I’m here for you.” Mark said tearing up again.
“Nope he is mine now.” Robert teases hugging Peter from behind and keeping him in place and Peter played along saying
“A bodyguard really” Ironman said from inside the armor his voice distorted.
“I- I didn’t know how... I was just being precautious I thought you were new to this stuff...” Tony stuttered and Peter glared at him.
“N-no one.” Peter said and Tony cupped his face kissing him.
“Nice.” Ironman said smiling and giving Tony a high five.
“Yeah I can.” Steve said maliciously. Peter backed up the best he could looking at Steve terrified.
“Hey Tony why don’t you ever take your sunglasses off?” Steve asked one day as they were chilling in the kitchen eating breakfast.
“How are we going to explain this.” Tony said worriedly hanging onto Ironman.
“Sir, may I recommend going back to the lab?” JARVIS asked and Tony nodded going back to the lab and taking the armor off. Tony cried and then heard a knock on the door.
“I can’t face her without you!” Tony said holding out his hand.
“And It has a very complicated answer.” Tony said hiding his blush by burying his face into Ironman’s shoulder.
“Really?” Tony asked scared and Ironman kissed him.
“Right then take the helmet off!” Clint said and Ironman sighed knowing this would happen.
Peter cried and looked at the time.
“Leave the kid alone Tony. We are just here to test him, not torture him.” Bruce said and Peter glanced at Bruce smiling a tiny bit and Tony huffed frustrated.
“Thanks for saving me.” Ironman said gratefully looking to Natasha.
“It’s okay Steve.” Tony cut Steve’s ramblings and stared at his drawings. Tony was taken aback at how accurate some of Steve’s drawings were.
“Okay Tony and... Ironman...” Pepper said stressed.
They heard a knock on the door and Tony growled.
“Ironman.” Tony said naming him.
“Want me to stop?” Steve asked and Tony blushed getting hard as Steve whispered in his ear.
“Let’s get to work.” He heard Tony say and Clint got frustrated. Why wasn’t Ironman speaking! Clint waited a few more minutes but Tony and Ironman didn’t speak just working on the vent. Clint sighed sadly and went back to the kitchen to find Natasha.
“Please I need to get it off!” Peter yelled looking at Mark with tears in his eyes. Peter then remembered Tony’s AI in the Ironman suit and quickly went over to it.
“Y-yes?” Tony stuttered. “You have a heart condition you could die!” Steve said worriedly grasping Tony’s arm. Tony frowned glaring at him.
~~~~~~
“Are you decent?” Tony asked through the door. Ironman must be in there! Natasha deduced smiling.
“Okay I will help.” Peter said and Tony sighed in relief.
“I-.” Tony didn’t have any words and just cried feeling every burn of every cut, knowing he deserved it. Tony then realized Ironman was hurting himself and scrambled to his feet running to the lab.
“Calm down he can’t hurt you anymore it’s okay.” Steve said comforting him. Peter nodded trying to calm down just shivering and curling up on himself as Steve put him down gently on the couch.
“Tony, what’s wrong? Was it something I said?” Ironman said worried about him and Tony tried muffling his cries not wanting Ironman to hear how broken he was.
“You were really going to hurt the other me?” Peter said backing up from Tony.
“How are you going to eat?” Steve asked watching Ironman carefully.
“Right but you...” Steve’s mouth hung open as Tony sat down in a chair putting the sandwich in front of him. ‘You ready?’ Tony asked Ironman. ‘I can’t wait to see his face!’ Ironman said chuckling mentally.
“No.” Ironman said bored of Clint’s interrogation.
“S-Steve y-you don’t have to. I’m fine.” Tony insisted but Steve wasn’t having it.
“Ironman.” Ironman said and Tony perked up from inside Ironman’s mind.
“Now are you going to cooperate or not?” Tony asked letting up a tiny bit.
“Hey Clint!” Ironman said walking in without the armor on.
“He rarely speaks anymore and it’s so frustrating. Why doesn’t he trust us?” Steve said angry at Ironman and Tony.
“You’ve been getting my emails right?” Tony asked and Peter was beyond confused but went with it.
“Who was it?” Tony asked and Peter kept silent biting the inside of his cheek and looking away from Tony.
“How did this even happen?” Tony asked confused and concerned.
Steve entered the lab and saw Ironman and Tony working.
“Okay I do know him, that’s none of your business.” Tony said glaring at her.
“Okay I’ll go.” Peter said and Ned celebrated. Peter dreaded going but he was Spider-Man he could do this and he needed to be there for Ned, also Tony in his past life didn’t die yet so there was no reason this Tony would be anything like his last mentor, Peter concluded trying to calm himself and hoping that was true.
“You don’t have anything to be sorry for.” Peter said hugging Tony. Tony hugged back carefully and sighed sadly.
“Sorry.” Tony said blushing in embarrassment.
“Wow.” Tony said looking at the results and writing it down. Bruce looked at the kid in pity and Tony clapped his hands.
~~~~~
“Please What?” Tony whispered huskily into his ear making Peter shiver.
“You would do that for me?” Steve asked and Tony acted like it was no big deal.
~~~~~~
“Tony this isn’t funny!” Natasha said and Steve chuckled.
“I’m sorry to wake you.” Peter said frowning and looking down guiltily.
“I’m sorry.” Steve said and Ironman sighed and Tony hugged Ironman closer letting Ironman hide from his problems.
“Don’t say it.” Tony glared at him and Ironman laughed again.
“But he’s gone now too.” Peter said crying and pulling his knees up to his chest. Tony looked at him horrified that he had to go through that and felt himself feeling guilty for asking and making him remember the horrors of the past.
Peter never got around to advancing his suit not having time and the materials yet. Peter tried finding the empty track he had his last base in and worked on building it to what it was before but just got done with the blueprints.
“You can come out now.” Tony said and Ironman was quick to get the armor off of him. Ironman stretched glad to be able to move more freely again.
Peter started to panic breaking the ropes and trying to get Tony off him but Tony pulled the collar tight around Peter’s throat and Peter struggled trying to get the collar off but Tony already locked it and Peter finally pushed Tony away making him land ten feet away on the floor.
“Quick question of the rhetorical variety.” Tony said pulling out his phone and showing a video of Spider-Man and Peter tried to stay calm.
“Are you decent?” Tony asked through the door.
“It meant nothing! I wasn’t thinking...” Tony said sadly.
“Stop you are just going to hurt yourself.” Mark said worriedly and Peter was in a panic.
“Stop being dramatic.” Tony said angrily at Peter. Peter glared at Tony.
“That was a close one.” He heard Tony say...?
“I will.” Ironman said smiling then putting the helmet on.
“Peter! Those were important!” Jared said and Peter shrugged as Jensen smiled.
“Wha-Why?!” Tony yelled outraged.
“Open your eyes.” Steve commanded gripping him tighter.
“Shall you tell him or are you gonna make me.” Tony said hating the memories from Afghanistan.
“Fine.” Tony said glaring at Peter and Peter smiled smugly at Tony sticking his tongue out. Tony just smiled and hit the button again and Peter yelped looking away from Tony and glaring at the ground sadly.
“I’m here Peter it’s okay you’re safe. There’s no collar you’re at the airport remember.” Tony said and Peter collapsed in relief.
“What are you doing up so late?” Peter asked curiously.
“I wasn’t always with my aunt May.” Peter said and Tony nodded.
“We are still trying to find ways to get that collar off of you. We will find a way.” Jared said and then Peter heard more crying. Peter sighed mentally and didn’t even bother trying to wake up.
“Sorry! I didn’t mean to draw you without your permission.” Steve apologized holding his drawings close.
“Tony can we go now.” Ironman pleaded and Tony nodded leading Ironman to the lab. Steve stood up to follow them but Thor stopped him.
“Captain.” Ironman said joyfully the voice modulator making it so his voice wasn’t recognizable.
“Y-yeah.” Tony lies and Steve growled wanting to punch Ironman.
“N-no it wasn’t r-really.” Tony started but Ironman chocked him.
“Your face!” Tony laughed as Steve looked at him frustrated.
“You can stay at my place if you want?” The stranger said and Peter looked down at the stranger curiously.
“S-sorry.” Peter said embarrassed he just had a panic attack.
Ironman was in the armor and blasted AC/DC to signify his entrance.
“Stop it Steve your scaring him.” Natasha cut in and Ironman sighed in relief.
“I’m coming in!” Tony said and opened the door walking in. Natasha was quick to follow Tony wanting to see Ironman but the door closed on her. Shoot. Natasha tried to listen through the door to see if she would hear his real voice but all she heard was the muffled voice of Tony and Ironman’s distorted one.
“Well Pepper used to be... well we used to be close and it was common for us to kiss every now and then... but it never went any further!” Tony exclaimed as Ironman put a light pressure on his throat.
“Sit.” Tony said motioning to the bed and Peter sat down confused. Tony then picked up a comb and started doing Peter’s hair. Peter was puzzled but went with it not having anything else to do. As long as he did what Tony asked he wouldn’t get shocked and right now he didn’t feel like resisting much there was no point Tony taught him that already.
“Let me help you with your wounds.” Bruce said and Peter nodded letting Bruce examine him and clean up his wounds.
“Are you Tom Holland?” they asked and Peter nodded and the stranger let him in.
“I’m sorry.” Tony said and Peter shook his head.
“You were a bad spider last time.” Tony said crouching down and picking up the chain the light from his arc reactor letting him see in front of him a little. Tony pulled on the chain bringing Peter closer and Peter tried resisting but Tony still got closer.
“Tony?” Bruce questioned softly. There was something about his voice that made people unravel and want to tell him everything. “Do you have feelings for Steve?” Tony ran his hand through his hair, which made it stick up and made him look disheveled. Tony laughed slightly, a sort of cynical laugh, sounding tortured somehow.
“I think we’ve been discovered,” Natasha smiled coyly at Bruce as he took his seat next to her.
“Yes, Tony?”
“Thanks,” Steve let go of his arm and watched Tony leave the room, trying to keep himself calm.
After a little while, Steve started to get tired- likely because of the previous night’s interruption of sleep. He turned so that his back was against the arm of the couch, and stretched his legs out onto Tony’s lap. It made him nervous, but Tony just put his hand on Steve’s legs and kept watching the movie. Not even ten minutes later, Steve shifted again, subconsciously in his tired state. His head was laying on the arm of the couch and he scooted down and bent his legs, his butt right next to Tony. Tony rested his elbow on Steve’s hip, his arm on Steve’s leg, and his hand on Steve’s knee, leaning his torso against Steve’s ass. Steve breathed heavily and he could feel eyes on them, but he ignored them, and soon he drifted into a peaceful sleep.
“Yeah, I should. Are you going to bed too?” Steve felt slightly disappointed, but tried not to let it show.
“Don’t even act like there aren’t a lot of questionable moments in your friendship with Clint,” she rolled her eyes at that. “Tony wouldn’t ever go for someone like me. He was just being a friend.”
“All of that ‘right time’ stuff from before…that was about me, right?” Steve felt his heart beating a million miles a minute, and his stomach dropped- This is the moment when I lose him, he thought, whatever he and I have is about to be gone. He questioned whether he should try to argue, but he knew Tony wouldn’t believe him if he lied.
“I’d like to think so,” Steve looked at the ground, smiling. Tony’s stomach was stormed with butterflies- Steve always made him feel like a love-struck teenager.
“Tony,” Bruce sighed and took off his glasses, “Steve does like you, but he doesn’t know how to talk to you. You make him nervous.”
“You sure?” Tony laid down but looked at him warily.
“Yes," he released a deep sigh, his heart sinking to his stomach.
"Let's go in and ask," offered the Captain, feeling his professional paranoia creeping towards forming a conspiracy theory with a holographic garden at its core. "There's no fence, and no checkpoint."
"A lot of peculiar things about the face paint of that man and almost nothing about himself. Ah, also that according to their weird notions of social order, his mother spent half her life in some higher realm before descending to the sinful earth to get married to his father."
Steve reluctantly looked at the TV: the news was talking about a damaged gas pipeline in Sandy Valley. The footage showed grey wreckage of a crumbled building and reporters trying to take an interview from a shocked man.
Finding his resolve, he leaned down and took the head of Tony's cock in his mouth. The smell of weaponry got stronger, but not unpleasant, and Stark groaned, clearly not out of pain.
"Did you?"
"Janet," Steve said in a soft voice, touching her shoulder. "Let's go to mine, we've nothing to do here anymore. That man promised to keep me posted."
"He was cold once," grumbled the Cetagandan, pulling the blanket up to his ears. "Of course, seventy years in a cryochamber, anybody would get cold, even people on Kibou-daini wouldn't like it..."
"Maybe it wasn't worth it after all," he said with shaking voice. "It must feel different for you, from the inside."
They managed to get to the front door, and Ben was just putting the key in the lock, when they heard a loud exclamation: "Where are you going?"
She turned around, not waiting for an answer, and briskly went towards another, slightly less shabby house. Steve turned back around and saw the man from the picture on the threshold, cleaning his hands with a rug.
“have you guys ever heard of Shawarma I never had it before but it sounds good.” Ironman said smiling and was glad his identity was still a secret. ‘We did it Tony’ Ironman thought to him. ‘Tony?’ Ironman got more worried as Tony didn’t respond. ‘Wow’ Tony finally said and Ironman sighed in relief. ‘Don’t scare me like that!’ Ironman said just glad Tony was okay. ‘Alright.’ Tony said just happy to be alive.
“Tony.” Peter pleaded blushing more trying not to enjoy the feeling of Tony grinding against him.
“Thanks Steve.” Tony said and Steve smiled.
Peter dug his feet into the ground using his super strength and flipped Tony over making the armor crash into the ground hard making Tony drop the remote. Peter broke the remote and then punched Tony hard and used a knife he found and stabbed the arc reactor in Tony’s chest making the suit malfunction.
“Yup.” Tony said kissing him more. Peter kissed back angrily and Tony was pleasantly surprised.
“Hey Tom.” Mark said visiting again and Peter mentally smiled but was kinda disappointed Jensen and Jared didn’t come to visit him again.
“Can you please take the armor off. No one is around, it’s just me.” Tony pleaded wanting to see Ironman as he really was again.
“He is Ironman.” Tony said leaving with two bowls of cereal. Natasha scoffed and followed him secretly.
“I could get you the resources we could make some of your ideas. Plus I was working on a suit for you...” Tony said blushing embarrassed that Peter’s designs were so more advanced than his own.
“Jensen. What are you still doing up?” Richard asked walking into the room tiredly.
“Sorry.” Peter said shrugging.
“Stupid emotions.” Tony said calmly willing himself to feel nothing. Tony nodded his head opening his eyes again. Tony was miserable and still is but he has to do this. He has to be cold with no emotions. Emotions meant pain and Tony hates pain.
“Honey are you okay?” May asked and Peter nodded just happy to have her back.
“Tony!” Ironman called out from the kitchen as Clint, Natasha, Steve, Sam, and Thor sat on the couches and chairs having a meeting.
~~~~~~
“Tony if he is hurting you we need to-“
“Y-you’re not mad?” Peter asked stuttering and Tony frowned at him.
“Ironman.” Captain America greeted.
“No, Peter you don’t get to be let go.” Tony said walking around the box pacing in front of Peter. Peter got up and paced too following Tony’s movements and angrily glaring at him. Tony stopped pacing and smiled.
“Why do you insist on calling me that.” Tony whined lying down on the sofa they had in there.
“Stop it tin can.” Peter said hoping the nickname made Tony stop and it did. Tony stopped and looked at Peter in the eyes. Peter panicked more as he saw not lust anymore but anger.
“You know I wish we could just burn this collar but we don’t have a fire powerful enough to melt the metal.” Jared said frustrated.
“Why aren’t you working?” Peter asked and Tony looked up at him.
“My friends are there plus I don’t want to be 15 and going to a school where everybody else is older than me.” Peter said and Tony scoffed.
“Nice name, Tom Holland.” Jensen said and chuckled a bit.
Tony started to cry as he put the lab on lockdown locking everyone out including Ironman. Tony sat down in the lab and cried feeling his heart break. Tony knew Ironman didn’t see him like that but gosh Tony wish he did. Ironman was everything Tony had and despite everything, Ironman would never feel the same way. Tony cried heartbroken just wanting to be alone.
“What are you guys talking about.” Steve spoke rattling Tony out of his thoughts. Tony put down his phone making the message go away and blushed.
“Woah.” Steve said looking at them speechless.
“I’m sorry.” Peter said and Tony looked at him with pity.
“Umm really?” Peter said confused but didn’t feel his spider sense go off so he slowly climbed down the tree.
The stranger took him to an old warehouse tied him up to a chair with ropes. Peter tried not to smile realizing he could easily break the ropes and escape. The stranger took off the sack that was on his head and Peter looked around confused.
“Collar?” Tony looked at the kid confused and then noticed his eyes were glazed like he was stuck in a memory and Tony looked at him sadly and tried to calm him down.
“Don’t do that!” Tony said and Peter chuckled.
“Don’t act out or run away, you won’t get far and even if you do somehow run away there is no where you can go where I won’t find you.” Tony threatened and Peter closed his eyes not wanting to see Tony anymore. Tony sighed touching Peter’s face and Peter flinched away opening his eyes. Peter then got shocked and yelped trying not to cry.
“T-Tony...” Steve stuttered scared. Tony looked away closing his eyes.
“I’m so sorry!” Tony said and Ironman refused to look at him.
“Okay some rules if I say stop you stop.” Tony looked at him confused but nodded.
“Almost!” She heard the distorted voice of Ironman come through the door and sighed disappointed.
“Get out.” Ironman commanded and Tony separated from him reluctantly.
“This way is to the bedrooms and this room is yours.” Mark said entering a bed room and Peter looked at it questionably.
“Plus I haven’t had enough time to upgrade it.” Peter said sighing and Tony looked at him impressed.
~~~the end happily ever after~~~
“let him in.” Tony said sighing.
“Calm down Ironman I will protect you.” Tony said and Ironman calmed down feeling the comforting feeling of love and protectiveness that Tony felt towards him. It made Ironman’s heart soar with happiness.
“Can we please just talk about this?” Steve said determinately. Steve walked into the lab as it got unlocked. Steve sighed seeing Tony working on the armor.
“I’m sorry Tony.” Ironman said.
“So any other reason you came down to my workshop.” Tony said grabbing a sandwich and taking a bite.
“Stop blaming yourself.” Peter said and Tony hugged him just happy to have Peter by his side.
Peter screamed as he was shocked again by Tony. No this couldn’t be happening not again.
“He doesn’t like it when the inner part of the collar is touched.” Jared said and Peter smiled relieved of the pressure of the material that used to be around his neck. Peter shook his head feeling Jared’s hand gently run across his throat.
“Oh my gosh.” Steve said feeling the Ironman helmet in his hands and Natasha looked towards where Steve’s face was lit up by Ironman’s eyes.
Tony dried himself off then brought Peter into the bedroom and pinned Peter to the bed kissing him roughly and grabbing his ass. Peter started to whimper hating what Tony was doing to him. Tony then bent Peter down spreading him and then poked his finger in him. Tony worked him good and then entered him enjoying how tight Peter was and then pounded into him making Peter scream out in pain or pleasure Tony couldn’t tell but he loved it.
“Yeah let’s go.” Ironman agreed and Steve relaxed nodding heading to the training room.
“What is up with everyone and them wanting to know who I am?” Ironman said upset.
“Wanna talk when we’re together?” Ironman asked and Tony hesitantly nodded merging with Ironman. Their body was still half in half and Ironman was surprised to be hit with a wave of emotions from Tony. Ironman started feeling guilty feeling the heartbreak Tony was going through.
“Okay.” Peter said wiping his tears away.
“I’ll tell him.” Ironman said hugging Tony and then sighed telling Steve the tale of how they became Tony and Ironman.
“Oh alright... umm...  see you guys later then.” Steve said trying to hide his disappointment. Tony grabbed his hand and Steve froze looking at Tony confused and his eyes widened seeing Tony and Ironman become half and half.
“I love you too.” Ironman said kissing him again and Tony kissed back happily. Steve chuckled lightly  a little jealous but knew they were happy together.
“I’m scared Ironman what if they are scared of you.” Tony said worriedly hugging Ironman.
“No one just... Ironman.” Tony smiled happily. ‘Sir why don’t you just tell him you are Ironman.’ JARVIS texted him and Tony blushed and typed back angrily. ‘You know why I can’t do that! He might actually kick me off the team for good!!!’ Tony sent the message and smiled fondly when JARVIS texted him back. ‘Whatever you say Sir.’
“Thank you.” Peter said and hugged Jensen and Jensen hugged back gently. Jensen pet his hair, Peter jerked back and Jensen eyes widened more worried about him.
“Take your cloths off.” Tony said opening a door to what looked like a bathroom and Peter shivered shaking his head no.
“Why? This hunk of junk never did any of us any good.” Richard said tracing fingers over the metal of the collar.
“Ironman stand down.” Natasha said and Ironman lowered the gauntlet that was pointed at Clint.
“Accept me.” Tony said commanding and shocking him again. Peter just withered in pain, Tony touching, pulling, and kissing him. Peter bit his tongue not wanting to refuse and risk getting shocked again.
“I’m sorry.” Steve said knowing he went to far.
“Peter!” Peter jolted awake and looked around scared then noticed Bruce and relaxed.
“I can’t believe you’re actually still here.” Alex said tiredly yawning.
“Also be gentle.” Steve pleaded.
“Please just give me a chance.” Tony said holding out his hand and Ironman bit his lip trying not to smile.
“I’m going to take this collar off but don’t you dare try to escape.” Tony threatened and Peter nodded scared of Tony. Tony shocked Peter one last time before taking the collar off slowly. Peter shivered and then Tony grabbed him by his throat and shoved him into the shower. Peter shivered under the cold water and then Tony came in the shower also naked.
“I just wish you would’ve said goodbye.” Peter said sadly and Jensen looked down guiltily.
“That what?” Ironman asked feeling a bit angry.
“Cap said he wants to talk to you.” Tony said chuckling lightly and then made his eyes flame.
“I love you son.” Jensen said and Peter smiled.
“You really mean that?” Ironman asked.
“Hmm” Tony hummed thinking and looked at Peter utterly confused.
“Oh Mr. Parker.” Tony said holding a no doubt burnt date loaf.
“I don’t know if you can hear me but I just wanted to tell you that, some of us are giving up but I won’t give up not yet.” Mark said and Peter heart spiked the monitor showing it.
~~~Their reactions~~~
“Tony!” Steve said as Tony faced him.
“I did it!” Ironman celebrated and Tony smiled at him.
“This is ridiculous.” Misha said and just left. Jared sighed.
“They are scared of me.” Ironman said separating from Tony and crying on the floor. Tony was quick to follow him sitting on the floor with him and leaning against him.
“Okay I will be there.” Tony said and left Ironman in the lab as Tony led Pepper out. Ironman continued to work on the armor a little nervous about what Tony would say about him to Pepper. Ironman stopped working his thoughts getting to him. He really hoped Tony would come back soon... Ironman started pacing feeling nervous.
"The server is activated," the armor said in a mechanic voice.
"I've two armors," said Tony, matter-of-factly, "the first one you saw, and the second is my whole body. Well, not the whole body, but it covers all of it. It's a bio-armor, a bacterial coating. My dad's best invention, all that. So. I was a remarkable child in all aspects, the only downside was that all the crap floating in the air made my skin hurt. So, Howard poured that shit all over me to stop me from screaming. For ten years, it protected me and destroyed everything alive that had the misfortune to get in my hands. That poor kitten, our neighbor still doesn't know... Joking."
"Oh," confirmed Janet. "I'm used to Hank rushing off places, but not right out of my hands..." She moved her shoulders, awkwardly. "He wasn't himself, Steve. He didn't know where he was, what he was doing. I had to spend half an hour trying to get him to calm down."
"Yeah, I..." Tony shook his head, breaking through the stupor, and quickly shortened the distance between them. His eyes were burning with unnatural delight and shock. "Fuck, this must be on hormone level, right? But who's copying who? I couldn't even imagine... Pym will go green with jealousy."
"Jarvis, I need data on the admission to their... how's that institution called? Military academy? Well, the place where they train officers. For the last ten years," the ghem gave yet another task to his servant. "Then you can rest."
Calling the room minimalistic would be giving it a compliment: it was almost empty. There was a sturdy table in the center of the room, a small electric stove and a refrigerator next to the window. It was pretty clean, though, even the window glass was completely transparent. The way to another room was blocked by a colorful screen.
Steve stepped through the hole in the wall and surveyed the damage. The dust was obscuring his vision but it was quickly coming down. The corridor was empty, but the life he felt was somewhere close and Steve kept going towards it. He noticed a few people in white coats, then people with weapons, and he shot a few small missiles to the guns in their hands. The guards, because that's probably who they were, were thrown back. Steve checked their life signs out of habit (they were fine), and moved forward. It's like he was pulled towards one of the rooms, and when he got to it, he couldn't make himself open the door for the first few seconds, his hand frozen against the doorknob. If not for the armor, it'd probably be shaking, but the stabilizers adjusted to the tremor.
"Steve, what exactly do you know about Cetagandans?" Clint snorted. "It's normal for them not to like each other. Marriage is a genetic contract between the houses... I think the Cets themselves call them constellations. The parents are needed for their genetic material and to take part in ceremonies. They're not required, and even discouraged from seeing each other outside of those."
The chair was fairly comfortable, but he couldn't relax because of all the light and monitors surrounding him, the purpose of which Steve couldn’t and didn’t understand.
"They don't like staying away from home for so long," whispered Tony. "It's fine, they'll deal. They'll come back with good recommendations and have a chance for good genetic contracts. That's a good enough recompense for visiting worlds that seem barbaric to them."
Steve didn't immediately realize he was talking about the link going both ways, and when he did, the knowledge of his own selfishness burned him. The fact that he could disregard privacy and personal space that he never really had didn't mean Tony had to make a similar sacrifice. He had a life, bright and busy, based on what got published in tabloids, Tony didn't need a burden in the form of a guy from the forties.
Supposedly banning a foreign dignitary with shame turned out to be easier than Steve expected. Only a few people knew he wasn't really banned, just hidden nearby, and the rest were satisfied with the official version, which, almost per tradition, it seemed, for Cetagandan politics, included a tragic story involving poisoning. This time, however the Consul himself wasn't a victim, as this role was allocated to his apparently numerous lovers. (The girl who played the role wasn't actually one of them, and was instead Natasha's colleague). Nobody mentioned unsuccessful attempt to sabotage the replicator bank, and Stark was quite grateful for that: even with his appreciation for intrigue, he didn't want to draw on himself the rage of present and future parents.
"Just professional trauma," Tony brushed him off. "And don't blame Johnny, I got him drunk."
"My mother didn't give that order," repeated Stark, clearly losing his patience. "I still don't completely understand, what your Empire thinks of ours, but trust me, no lady, haut or ghem, would threaten children, especially unborn ones. It contradicts everything they live for and serve. One could, of course, decide to help, without asking first, but that's not what Jarvis is being blamed for, is it? What is it being blamed for, actually?"
People taught Steve, once upon a time, that when the situation is at an impasse, you have to look for a third option. But he could hardly focus on looking for the right solution, now. So, he decided, for once, to act before thinking.
"Hey," Tony said again with worry in his voice. "You're getting pale. I won't ask anything anymore, if you don't want me to."
"Right, not a good kind of bed talk, got it. I'll be in the kitchen. You can find the kitchen, right?"
Steve and Tony shared a glance.
Clint nodded against his will. The legendary Count Vorkosigan, a half-meter tall hunchbacked hyperactive genius, was a good argument – an argument that, as was recently declassified, repeatedly meddled in the affairs of the Cetagandan Empire, ruining some plans of their ruler and, to everyone's surprise, getting a personal commendation for it from the Emperor and a medal 'for his services'. The Cetagandans were likely to fear another such person being born.
"I can't wrap my head around it," he admitted. "I want to think you're just crazy, but something's not letting me. Crazy people don't usually have influential friends that can get them classified information." Bruce took his hand away from the wheel and pushed his hair back. "What would I know, though? I don't know a lot of crazy people."
"Oh," said Solomon, sounding not at all surprised. He let go of the keys, leaving them in the lock, and took out a cigarette from his shirt's pocket. "You look awful."
The guy nodded at a counter and peered at him with curiosity. The newspapers on the counter were old, and all the magazines were erotic, probably intended for truck drivers. Steve looked away, took an atlas and went back.
"This is a very strange Cetagandan," muttered Vorbarton, coming alive again. "And what is it with him sneaking up on people?" Based on Steve's knowledge of his friend, Clint firmly believed he held the monopoly on sneaking up. That was not without reason, either, because even in military issued boots Vorbarton always managed to move quietly.
Clint tried to warn Steve with a gaze, but wasn't successful: Rogers already nodded and proceeded to follow the Cetagandan somewhere behind the curtain that looked quite real, but was probably, like most things at the banquet, a hologram.
Tony took a box out of his pocket and put it on a table. Hank took and opened it, still frowning. The ritual looked weird, but Steve didn't know too much about scientists' habits. Maybe, that was how they were supposed to behave.
Was it possible that Volt was still alive?
Hulk snorted. His grim, heavy gaze was sliding off buildings, as if he was considering going down there and wrecking the place.
"What?" answered Steve. He could feel the almost evaluating gaze of the man with his skin and tried to ignore it.
"Did you try to cut yourself already?" asked Tony. "All your motor functions seem to be in order. I think, the adjustment is finished."
She stretched, getting on her tiptoes, and shook her head.
Steve was always scared of tears – more than he was scared of the attacks in the forties or teenaged gangs in his youth. He tried to move away, but Janet squeezed his arm and he had to sit down next to her chair and hug her.
Shrugging wasn't easy lying down, and Steve squirmed, trying to raise himself, but Tony softly pushed him down onto bed.
"S.H.I.E.L.D. is sending backup," Barton said in another minute. "Let's go, Shellhead."
Without his habitual suits Tony looked younger, even though Steve vaguely remembered him being five or so years older than Steve himself. It suddenly occurred to him that he didn't know anything about his companion, other than bits and pieces of information that internet provided him with, and the few words that Tony said himself.
"Yeah," said Tony and then erupted in a string of French expletives. "Damn French with their stupid habit of pretending they don't understand English. Yeah, idiot, I'm talking about you."
Steve hesitated for a long time, pacing the room, looking out the window. His guts told him this would change everything, but didn't tell him would it be for the worse, or for the better. Either way, he had to risk it, to take the situation into his own hands and do what had to be done.
Judging by his face, Tony craved an upcoming row, but Steve decided to shut it down before it started.
"Me? No, I can't do this," scoffed Stark. "It's Jarvis, a very careful creature with an impeccable sense of beauty."
Steve sat down on the grass across from Bruce, opened the backpack and reached with his hand to the bottom. The gun was still there – it still felt as heavy and cold in his fingers, small and just tangible enough to almost allow you to forget its presence.
He disconnected. Janet immediately snatched the phone away from Steve, pressed a couple of buttons and gave it back, saying:
Steve had an unpleasant persistent feeling that a whole eternity passed, and not just four days. He spent an hour under the shower, washing off the grime and dirt, then carefully wrapped his clothes in adhesive tape and put it in the garbage. Now that adrenalin left his bloodstream, he felt extremely tired – he didn't just fall asleep, but almost lost his consciousness the moment his head hit the pillow.
"Three. One for Eta Ceta, one for Escobar – we still didn't travel there, and one for Athos."
"All you need to know," said Steve instead, "you already know," he dragged his finger along the barrel and touched the trigger, "you aim, you press the trigger, the shot gets fired. That's it."
At first, Steve didn't answer, he stood there, clenching his teeth, and had a distant thought that this wasn't what he meant about being connected, only something inside his mind didn't agree to that.
"Bruce," he said in a hoarse voice. "Bruce, wake up."
Steve pulled out a chair, sat down, and Tony handed him chopsticks.
From behind the thin bathroom door, he could hear the water running and Stark's muffled curses.
God, Tony.
Steve nodded. Nat was always strictly professional, but attacking unborn children could cause fierceness in her, brought by an unrealized maternal instinct. At some point, due to unpleasant circumstances that vor-lady preferred not to speak of, she lost the ability to have children the natural way. A replicator bank was her only chance to ever have kids, and the attack on it she could see as an attack on one of her possible futures (for now, a red-haired Valkyrie in the rank of Commander had shown no signs of wanting to settle down).
It only now dawned on Steve that Tony was the first person he told his secret. Iron Man's identity was highly protected: only a couple of people in the government knew that a small young man, whom all the soldiers were laughing at at any opportunity, was piloting the armor of everyone's favorite hero. An endless supply of missions and tasks robbed Steve of everything, and no, he didn't mind that, he volunteered to make that sacrifice, and he would’ve absolutely done it again, because it was worth it. But sometimes, when his thoughts weren't occupied by the next mission, or when his mind wasn't being ripped apart by exhaustion, Steve thought that he was missing something important – a friend, an assistant, a beloved woman, or a mentor, it was hard to say. Steve didn't have anybody. Steve didn't even have himself, not really. Iron Man, with all his insides, belonged to the government.
"I don't know him personally, but that's the one who interrupted our last conversation."
Steve shook his head, adjusted his hoodey and went inside. At Reed's flat, when there were no people around, he dressed much lighter, but having to hide the reactor forced him to put on extra layers of fabric.
"That's illegal," Steve said, making his guest snort.
"Commander," Vorromanof corrected him with almost a growl.
"Really? How far did your thoughts go?"
When another flash of lightning came, Steve finally managed to fall asleep.
"Hey, wait, are you leaving already?" That seemed to have upset Clint. "I thought we'd hang out..."
"Who told you anyway?" he asked.
"I..." started Steve, but fell silent.
"People are disgusting," he sighed, at last. "They're disgusting, 'cause they have a tendency to die."
It didn't sound like an accusation, or even suspicion, but Steve still raised his hands with his palms up.
A black minibus with toned windows was parked next to the house. For some reason, its smooth sides didn't reflect the sunlight, so it looked like a blemish against the background of the street, like a hole in reality. The doors were open, and there were removable rails placed to lead inside. A tall man in a dark suit stood next to the bus, his face impassive, but the gaze - tenacious, determined. Steve wondered, if he was a bodyguard.
Tony was working in the lab again and was practicing repulser blasting without his armor on, trying to see if he could make his blast more powerful like when he did have the armor on.
“Tony don’t do this to yourself. It wasn’t you.” Peter said
“Now I assume we don’t want a repeat of last time do we?” Tony asked finally reaching Peter and Peter flinched trying to get away from Tony but his hold on his chain was strong and Peter hasn’t eaten much his super strength was failing him as he stumbled forward towards Tony. Tony yanked the chain and Peter fell towards Tony almost running into him. Tony then smiled and crouched down as Peter lied on the floor struggling not to cry.
“J put the lab on lockdown.” Tony said and the lab closed up.
“Come on Tony we can’t give up.” Ironman said grabbing Tony’s hand and hauling him up.
“Yeah?” Peter said curiously looking up at him.
“I did.” Steve said bringing out a cup and Tony grabbed it downing a fourth of it not caring that he scaled his tongue. His eyes flamed a bit the pain from his coffee effecting him.
“I did you could too.” Tony said not really working anymore and just watching Peter work.
“Stop it.” Jensen said shaking his head.
“Right.” Tony said super confused. Peter shook his head focusing on the present again.
“That was a pretty good trick he did there.” Steve complemented Tony and Natasha shook her head.
“Tony...” Steve trailed off frowning and Tony shook under his gaze.
“You ready.” Tony said and they all nodded. Ironman smiled making the light dim a little more as Tony let Ironman taking over showing his darkened skin and glowing blue eyes. Steve looked at him in wonder Sam said “woah” and Clint backed away surprised.
“Now, YOU are gonna hold still while I take a sample of your blood.” Tony said grabbing a syringe and Peter whimpered trying to back away.
“Yeah.” Tony answered smiling.
Tony stop... please
“They are asking again.” Ironman said knowing Clint and the others couldn’t hear him anymore.
“Wow man I haven’t seen you in a while.” Peter said as they did their secret handshake.
“You should probably head to bed.” Richard said worried about him.
“I don’t want to do this to you kid.” Bruce said and Peter froze looking up at Bruce curiously.
“What happened?” Tony asked confused.
“I’m... Tom.” Peter said giving a false name realizing he could never be Peter Parker again.
Tony knew Steve loved Ironman but he could never return those feelings. Tony sighed pained his eyes lighting up glowing brightly and Tony threw his sunglasses across the room angrily. Tony repulser blasted the wall the blast coming from his bare hand. The blast left a small burn mark but didn’t do much damage.
“Nah you would think I’m scary.” Ironman said quietly his voice just barely getting through the speakers.
“I’m sorry.” Peter said feeling bad.
“Fine.” Tony said coldly glaring at Steve.
“I’ll pass.” Peter said not wanting to be reminded of Tony in anyway even if it was a somewhat good memory.
“You keep doing this and I’m going to stop bringing you.” Ironman threatened quietly. Tony felt nervous.
“Misha I swear if you ever do that again I will strangle you.” Peter threatened glaring at Dimitri. Misha didn’t seem to hear him though and just started getting ready for bed and Peter was quick to leave the room going to go visit Jensen and Jared again.
“What are we helping Tony with?” Steve asked and looked around at the group.
“Is that Tony code for ‘I’m gonna stay up and work all night and never go to bed’?” Steve teased, eliciting a small smirk from Tony.
Tony got up and went down to his lab to work on the Ironman armor making sure to wear his sunglasses to help keep his eyes from flaming up again. Tony worked on the armor for hours losing track of time.
“No I...” Peter trailed off realizing that this was not indeed the afterlife and he just was fifteen again.
“What are you doing here?” Tony asked angrily.
“It.- Uh, I can feel... whatever touches the inside of the c-collar on my neck.” Peter stuttered as Jensen adjusted his grip on the collar his hand sliding against it.
“Sorry.” Tony said blushing in embarrassment. That’s weird.
“Hold still.” Tony said and Peter froze not wanting to get shocked again. Tony attached the leash to the collar then pulled Peter forward. Peter followed reluctantly and then stopped at the edge of the invisible box scared.
“Why because I could use it to hurt you! I built this with Tony!” Ironman said angrily.
“oh no I’m captured!” Peter chuckled. Tony glared at Robert then grabbed Tom by the wrist and yanked him to his side and held him in place.
“I love you Peter, that’s why I can’t let you go.” Tony said intoxicated with lust. Tony kissed Peter making him whimper again and pushed Peter up against the wall kissing him roughly and confined to have his hands all over Peter going through his hair and back.
Tony stepped into the portal and was confused
Tony was enjoying this and his eyes lit up as he tried using the blasts in his feet to fly. Tony laughed when he fell over and didn’t mind the flames in his eyes them serving more as a comfort right now than a threat.
“I wasn’t harassing him!” Steve said feeling guilty and backed away.
“Wanna talk about it?” Jensen asked once Peter was completely calm again.
“We’re here.” Misha said and pulled Mark out of the car and bringing him into the house the cast shared. Peter looked around the house happily reminded at what it used to be like before he fell into a coma and died.
“Like animals.” Tony said putting his hand down and pushing Peter away. Peter stumbled onto the ground and just lied there looking down in fear and helplessness.
“What happened to the guy?” Tony asked and Peter shook his head.
“I did fine.” Tony said.
“I won’t let them kill you I will protect you.” Mark said determinedly and Peter calmed down a bit glad Mark was still there for him.
“Who was Jensen?” Tony asked rolling over and lying down on his stomach propping up his head with his arms.
“Please write down a note reminding you to keep the collar safe.” Peter said knowing they most likely won’t remember any of this in the morning.
“The arc reactor keeps me alive the rest of the armor isn’t really necessary.” Ironman said tiredly.
“Stop it you said he didn’t like it!” Jensen said seeing Jared pick up the collar.
“Tell me how it goes.” Tony said as Ironman finished putting the armor on.
“Almost!” Ironman said trying to quickly get in the armor having put the helmet on first to make his voice distorted.
“You’re not mad it’s me?” Tony asked.
“Cage.” Peter said feeling scared and Mark shook his head.
“N-nothing.” Peter said dismissively.
“Shhh.” Tony hushed him licking the spot where he bit Peter. Peter tried so hard not to fight back that he just gave up sobbing into Tony’s neck as Tony held him in place still rubbing himself against him.
“You have the helmet on Tony?” Natasha asked and Ironman got up holding the helmet with him and gave it to Steve.
“There.” Tony said finishing up and looking at Peter smiling. Peter wanted to ask what was happening, why he had to wear a suit, why was he even here, but he held his tongue not wanting to be shocked again.
“I always will.” Ironman said hugging Tony and Tony hugged back.
“Alright I’ll set a reminder.” Jared said and Peter wondered if Jared was always this obedient when drunk. Maybe it was because Peter was dead that Jared was willing to do whatever he said.
Peter woke up in his bed, breathing fast and panicking. Peter looked around and recognized his old bedroom.
“Yeah, I do I really do.” Tony said wiping away Ironman’s tears and holding him close. Ironman snuggled into Tony’s neck for comfort and smiled.
“Stay out of our stuff.” Ironman said.
“I don’t know.” The strange man said.
“Can we merge again?” Ironman asked and Tony nodded letting Ironman come in. Ironman hid at the back of Tony’s mind not wanting to come out and Tony sighed sadly trying to comfort Ironman hearing all his thoughts and insecurities.
Tony pushed him back in the box not wanting him to die and Peter coughed tying to get himself together again.
“Well I wanted to ask for your help, actually.” Tony said suddenly feeling like Peter deserved his respect.
“Yeah! Tony and I went through hell together! We just met, fighting in a war I didn’t even want to be involved in!” Ironman yelled back. Steve stopped in his tracks and lowered his head feeling guilty.
“Peter?” Alex called out looking around the room. Peter sighed sitting beside Alex and knocking over one of the glasses making a soft thump on the table. Alex looked to the glass and put the collar down putting the glass back right up so it wouldn’t fall off the table.
“Thank you” Tony said and Peter smiled.
“Tell me who?” Tony said and Peter sighed.
“Yes.” Ironman said truthfully. ‘Don’t sell me out or anything.’ Tony said smiling mentally. Ironman chuckled.
Peter whimpered getting shocked again and started crying again. Tony found him and the Supernatural cast tried defending him but they couldn’t defeat him.
“You just did.” Peter said and Tony sighed frustrated.
Tony and Iron Man
Peter frowned seeing Jensen and Jared drinking.
“I can’t.” Tony said hiding his face again.
“What’s your name?” Tony asked and Peter looked at him confused.
“You disappointed me.” Tony said and Peter shivered in fear. Tony kissed him and Peter pushed Tony back easily and Tony shocked him making him yelp out in pain.
“Well it’s complicated we are more than friends but we aren’t lovers.” Ironman said and Tony felt his heart sink a little but knew Ironman was correct.
“S-Steve.” Tony whispered as Steve continued to kiss him. Okay maybe he was awake.
“I don’t know” Steve said sadly.
“Peter?” The strange man said and Peter looked at him terrified.
“It’s okay Tony I understand.” Peter said crouching down to Tony’s level and looking at him in the eyes their faces just inches apart. Tony shamefully kissed Peter crying the whole time not allowing himself to feel the joy of kissing Peter. Peter kissed back gently then separated from Tony and backed up scared again.
Tony then started straightening his suit and untying his tie and re-tying it. Peter felt uncomfortable but didn’t struggle.
“I’m going to get you out of here, just one more day.” Bruce promised then stepped towards Peter holding an emergency medical kit.
“Umm.” Peter said awkwardly trying not to panic and shivered in fear slightly.
“Please.” Was all Peter could say wanting Tony to stop.
“How the hell did you manage that?” Tony said looking at Ironman with pity.
“Come here, now.” Tony said holding up the remote and Peter shook his head.
“You sure about this?” Ironman asked uncertain.
Tony was in the armor fighting with the Avengers as Ironman again. He couldn’t help but smile enjoying fighting with the Avengers. It just felt right. The Avengers didn’t know that Tony was Ironman and Tony intended for it to stay that way. Tony ignored the banter of his teammates as they talked about him, well Tony.
