“We’re in Washington, DC, genius. Aunt Peggy will be much safer here. SHIELD enhanced protection, courtesy of Director Fury.”
, Pepper had met up with the man in Stark Industries just hours ago. Of course they’d be shaken. Steve knows no one in this room dies today, but they, they don’t. It’s common knowledge, for God’s sake. Without thinking, he reaches out, grasping Tony’s trembling hands, hoping to ease him with the touch.
And in the dead of the night, when Peggy’s asleep in her room, Steve will rock on the rocker, looking through folders in Tony’s storage device. Rewinding memories. It’s funny how memories seem to be the only thing Steve ever has, no matter
Tony woke up with one of his worse hangovers. His head throbbed, and his vision was made up of a dozen moving blobs, but even through that he knew this was not his lab, or his bedroom. There wasn’t the usual greeting from JARVIS, not even a good morning, or afternoon, or evening. He’d programmed JARVIS better than that, especially when the number of things he was having nightmares of
Tony wasn’t sure why he hadn’t expected it. Perhaps he had, perhaps he simply didn’t think it would happen as soon as it did.
Tony hums, a pleased tone. In his hand, he holds his personal cup. Steve recognises it; it’s the only cup Tony ever drinks from when he can help it. Is it just him or is Tony sitting a little closer? Their shoulders bump into each other’s, Steve can smell Tony’s strong black coffee, feel his body heat. Is this the first time they’ve ever sat like this, the two of them? “Glad to hear that you like the coffee. Jarvis always had the best brew, even back then.”
Steve just hopes he makes it in time. According to the files, it’s one week away from the day of the attack. He has actually never been to Tony’s mansion.
There is a knock on the front door, and Steve stumbles back, gasping for breath. Peggy shuts the radio, and ushers Steve into hiding, but Steve… His head is haunted by the images of Tony. Tony’s death, Tony’s hologram message to his daughter, Tony’s accusing words they never did hold a conversation about to the end, Tony speaking in his own weird tech language, Tony, Tony, Tony. Steve has a door shut in his face, and he is briefly aware that he was shoved into a rather small, packed closet. Yeah. Peggy sure felt small in his arms earlier.
Tony had no choice but to excuse himself. His silent alarm went off within his suit, dying his vision in an emergency red. He had to drink his damned chlorophyll detox smoothie, and replace the current arc reactor with a new one. They’d expressed their concerns at his abrupt need to go, but once he said he had to do something for
In a voice Steve thinks is filled with awe and pride, Fury announces, “I now pronounce you husband and husband.”
"Just had a feeling you needed it," she gave a quirk of the lip before settling into the chair in front of his. Next to her sat Captain America, and in front of him, Black Widow. Tony had the strangest feeling the seat his ass sat on was Thor’s, that the Avengers were already a rather solid
He tried a charming grin; it always worked, even when he was a broken mess. “You do make a mean cup of coffee.”
Steve waits for Sharon to make a trip back to greet her aunt before taking any action. He knows she will; she had moved in as his neighbor weeks after he’d gotten his own apartment, and he’s seen her belongings here. He spends his spare time cleaning up the house (it’s the least he can do), keeping the fridge stocked, chatting with Peggy (he may finally be beginning to move on the more they talk; he’s come to terms that they’d missed each other this lifetime).
Steve scoffs. He hasn’t known what he’s been doing for years. But Sharon shouldn’t know that. No one should.
Steve should’ve expected that, honestly. There are certainly photos of the mansion you can find online, and Steve has most certainly been on the receiving end of Tony’s generosity that came in the form of access to a whole
Tony’s smile dim, then immediately brightens again, though it doesn’t reach his eyes, doesn’t make them shine. “On a plane to Hawaii for an interview? We talked, last night. Alot. Some shouting I’m amazed you slept through. We, uh, decided we’re taking a break.” Steve’s eyebrows shoot up, and Tony gives a (fake) light-hearted shrug.
He stops thinking, shrugs, and stands, biting down on his own smile. “Alright, then. Just don’t regret it later!”
thank you for reading!! im sorry there's 0 progress on chapter 3 yet; i'd like to see where my hands take me
Steve’s words trigger something. He recognises the whirring of machinery as they come to life. The room lights up, and a screen appears before him. Rubbing his eyes, they roam about the interface, but he doesn’t understand all this. Steve hears a familiar ding, followed by an equally familiar voice ringing inside this large, empty space.
Tony was quite done with dying. Or having near-death experiences. Or whatever people called it. He knew, when he brought it upon himself to enter the wormhole with a missile on his back, that it would become another thing that haunted his dreams. First Howard, then the car accident, then Afghanistan, then
But he didn’t. What good was a genius if he didn’t use his brain before he spoke? There was a voice in his head telling him
When Steve pauses, so does the agent, who looks at him expectantly. He clears his throat once when he feels it closing up. He doesn’t think he’s ready to say his friend’s name so casually, so he straightens himself and settles for a stiff, “I want to see what’s left.”
he didn’t think twice, Tony’s mind didn’t register that the Avengers were not even in the States, and even with the upgrades he’d made to Mark 34, it still took over two hours to reach them, and they
He set the three civilians in a relatively far distance from the rubble and told them to get the hell away from the hole in the sky, ignoring the stares and the beginning of what was surely a '
Steve does. She leads him around the unfamiliar compound - Tony had prepared blueprints, left them in his home, where Pepper would easily find them. Blueprints of a new compound, a new home for them.
Still, despite everything, Tony liked to think he was an optimist. How could he not be, when he was an inventor? If that meant Tony sometimes forget that happiness was not meant to be his, it couldn’t exactly be his fault, could it? It was such a human thing to do.
The eye contact is broken, and Steve feels himself sigh in relief. “Alright, J. Show me what you got.”
She looks ready to argue. Steve’s not backing down on this one. Sharon can’t die because he’s stupid and made an alteration to the past. He won’t allow it.
this chapter is a perfect example of when an author goes "screw it!" and does what she want in her fic. meaning, less trying to shove plot, and more steve/tony moments!
“Boss… It seems Mr. Stark has left a hologram message. It also seems that it is addressed specifically for you, Captain Rogers.”
“Like my sex life has ever been private,” Tony beams proudly. “But you’ll have no one to tell, because the wedding would be private. Everyone invited would know
He kisses her cheek, and Pepper does the same before disappearing from the frame. Tony’s full attention is on him now, arms folded. The genius inventor looks like he hasn’t slept in three days (and he probably hasn’t). “So, to what do I owe the displeasure of an unannounced visit from Captain America himself this very fine night? And do I even want to know how you have my personal address?”
Nick Fury clears his throat, and they repeat the vows. More tears pool at the corner of his eyes when Tony looks him in the eye, and says “I do”, but the tears fall freely when they exchange rings, because the rings were melted and molded from his dog tags, with his carved ‘Tony’ and Tony’s carved ‘Steve’. They kiss, one of the softest exchanges between the two, and their family erupts in cheers.
, and Iron Man was somehow thrown into the equation, messing up the formula. He tightened his grip on the cup, about to bring it to his lips, when the Hulk initiated conversation.
Tony amusedly watches the agent scurry away before turning back to Steve.  “Have I ever told you how much I love it when you use your Captain voice?”
They talk (which is something that the two of them seem to be really good at with each other), get drunk, dance, and eventually go back to Tony’s place and hook up.
—grabbed a couple of pillows off of it and tossed them onto the floor.  At the very least, it wasn’t hardwood, and the carpet felt pretty plush beneath Tony’s feet.
Tony suddenly has a feeling he’s being watched, and momentarily looks over his shoulder to see all of their friends watching them from the sidelines.
“There you are,” Tony says when Steve reemerges in the living room. “We were thinking about sending a search party.”
“No, Tony, it’s not,” Steve interjects. “It’s not okay.  This isn’t—” He scrubs his hand in his hair and mutters something unintelligible under his breath.
“Hilarious,” Steve responded dryly, deliberately pressing on the bundle of nerves that made Tony see stars.
Tony feels Steve’s hand on his arm, and he lets the other man turn him back around, but Tony resolutely does not meet his eyes.  “I have… I need to go.  Mrs. Arbogast is going to have my head if I miss my meeting again and–”
“So I’m just some soldier to you? Because Rogers I think you should specifically remember me saying I’m a damn human.” Tony hissed.
He pulled up his shirt to look. The reactor still sat snuggly in his sternum. It was the same model too. He knew, there was a dent on the left side where he got hit during a battle.
The younger boy was still shivering. It looked like it took everything he had to get into the bed. It made Steve’s heartbreak and his hope dissipate. Tony’s plan was flawed because Steve didn’t know how Tony could survive another day of what they did to him.
Tony wanted to laugh. What was going on? His brain was usually the quickest working thing in a ten mile radius, but for the life of him he couldn’t figure out what was going on around him.
So Tony dug himself into his work. He built bigger and better things. He built weapons the military has never heard about. He created prosthetics that worked almost like real limbs. He started making an energy source he hoped would change the world.
“Hey! Hey Steve nope. We can’t do that because I can’t carry you.” Tony said. “Wow yes you are shot. Fuck. Fuck!”
Clint held the thing above his head, looking at it now like it’s a piece of artwork. He smiled, teeth and everything.
“They are sending a video to our families, asking for a ransom. Or I could make them weapons. Or they could torture me. I think that’s going to happen anyways. But we’ll deal with that later. We need to make a plan. So far I think I should hold off for a couple days. Act like I’m not going to make their weapons. Then finally break and say I will. Then–“
He stopped running to look down at his leg. This was blood discoloring his pant leg. He felt himself start to go faint.
Tony hung up. He fell back onto his bed and looked at the ceiling. He needed sleep. He needed a new day. He needed Steve. And maybe he’ll work on that instead of thinking about that phone call.
“Let’s get you back to the room then. Tony will probably focus better anyways if we let him be.” Rumlow said.
He was about to snap. He’s done it before to get his team off his ass. A bit of yelling usually got him what he wanted. But he knew he couldn’t. It would be too much for his body and Jarvis would see it as an emergency and let Steve in. No way in hell would that happen.
Tony knew he was rambling. But his nervousness would’ve been picked up by her anyways. She could read him like a book after watching him for those couple of months when he was dying.
Silence passed over the two. Tony had so much going on in his head. He had so much he wanted to tell Steve. But it was better this way. If nothing came out before the end.
The room was quiet. Steve sat down on the ground, staring at Tony. The silence was eating away at him. He hated it. He hated it even more because dialogue was suppose to be natural between him and Steve. But he could see it in Steve’s tense shoulders that it wasn’t the time.
Pepper and Rhodey obviously came to see him. A bubble of worry but also smiles. Something he’d welcomed with open arms. He’s gotten phone calls from Clint and Bruce as well. It all made him relax more into the fact that he is safe now.
“He’s just turning 21? What the hell? I’ve been letting him drink with me for weeks now.” Tony said.
“I’m being serious Tony. I was scared that I was going to hold you back. That something would come up while you were over in Boston and you would have to pick between me and whatever that was. I wanted you to be able to do whatever you can.” Steve said. “And I know you Tony. Nine times out of ten you always picked me.”
The lanky man smiled and flicked his hand lazily. He turned to leave the room as the two hunking men grabbed Tony by his arms.
If his life wasn’t at risk he would’ve scoffed. A bomb and a missile are two completely different weapons. But he would say anything Brock wanted to hear.
Steve’s mouth dropped open, gapping on what to say or probably more likely on how to control what he was going to say.
“Do you think I like babysitting you? I have my own life. I have events I’m suppose to go to, dates with girls and shit I’m suppose to make for SI and you’re kind of holding me up.” Tony said.
Steve could count on his hands the number of times he heard Tony speak like that. As if he has now power within and there was no point in his life anymore. Usually he would hold Tony, stroke his hair and tell him they would figure everything out. But that was when they were dating. When they were still friends.
“Alright, flowers, bad idea. I should’ve thought of something more romantic.” Steve said. “Tony, I'm trying to say, I like you and I want to take you on a date.”
Steve froze and Tony couldn’t blame him. No one wanted to be associated with him in that way. Then Tony saw it.
“Are you talking about the sex tape with that mystery guy or the tripping on acid in a MIT dorm room?” Clint said.
The lanky man smiled, all his front teeth showing. Tony didn’t risk looking at Steve, but he could sense that Steve knew how serious this was. Hydra was only the biggest mob in New York, probably the country. They had tried to become contacts with SI for years. But Howard wasn’t afraid of saying no. After all they were contracted with the US Military. It wouldn’t look good for the company associate themselves with a mob like Hydra.
“What’d you get me than? Arrows? New game controller? No...your Tony Stark. This is got to be big.” Clint said.
“A stabilizer. We, well, you should’ve been learning about it in our science class. I already knew about it.” Tony said.
Tony wasn’t moving. Steve hung on to him, a hand resting over the reactor. The file never said what to do if they couldn’t replace it. He wished it did, he wanted to do something, anything other than hold his still body. But he knew...that there were no rules on what to do if they couldn’t replace it because that was the end. No reactor meant no beating heart.
Tony stood up cradling his hand to his chest. The arc reactor heated to temperatures that at the time he didn’t account for. The bandages irritated his skin. The salve put on the burns now already soaked into the skin allowed for the gauze for rub at the wound. The doctors informed him to call for a new dressing but he’s been manhandled enough the past month and a half. He wanted to do things on his own terms.
Steve sat up and moved over to Tony. He remembered when the use to just spend time together. Him and Steve at his lab or at the movies or making dinner with Sarah. He remembered Bucky tagging along sometimes. He remembered Bucky hating him until Steve confused he loved him. Tony missed Steve more than anything.
“Oh, I see, you two are just pining. I guess that’ll just make my experiment just the more heartbreaking.” Ty said.
“I’m sure your craftsmanship is the best there is, but I would feel better if I knew what to do if...you know.” Steve said.
Steve looked at him with a crooked smile and pale skin and a body that has lost muscle definition. But Tony felt himself melt.
“It feels weird being on the other side of this. Last time I was saying bye to Peggy and now-” Steve’s voice broke. “I wish I went to your place. Forced us to fix our issues.”
“Yes, Tony. Romantically.” Steve said. “I want to do sappy stuff with you and wake up in the morning with you and kind of just live the rest of my life with you.”
Steve’s head snapped to the side, seeing Rumlow in the corner of the room. He was slowly walking to the center of the room where they were.
Tony had never seen him so angry. Not when they had their fight three weeks ago and not when they were so young and Tony had to mentor him about the modern world. His eyebrows were furrowed and his shoulders were stiff, he looked like he wanted to grab Ty and do who knows what. Tony’s chest fluttered with what he would say is love. He hasn’t felt it often and usually only for Pepper, Rhodey or Happy. But Tony guessed...that these people are also his family now. And it was ok to feel love for them and feel loved when they do stuff for him.
They had to go to the medbay. Bruce had to take X-rays to know exactly the type of damage done to Tony’s muscles. Bruce had to stitch up the cuts. Jarvis altered the team to Tony’s condition. Steve was at the bay in minutes.
“Whatever the fuck your working on, I’m going to trash it and you’re going to finish the bombs I want by tonight.” Rumlow said.
He was being wooed by Steve Rogers. He could now call Steve Rogers his boyfriend. He smiled and giggled. If only his dad was around to see this.
“I am trying to help you Steve. But if your going to talk to me the same way you did to Tony two weeks ago I don’t see the point.” Nat said.
“I loved you more than anyone could. With all your flaws and setbacks it’s quite hard but I found a way. And to think about all that time I tried to spend fixing you. What a waste, you don’t even appreciate it.” Ty smiled.
The man laughed. Loud and uncut. The two lackys now stood behind the camera, watching everything play out.
Ty took a side step so he could look at Steve, but still be facing Tony. He didn’t realize how close they were. Ty could left his hand and touch his shoulder if he wanted. He started to scan the area they were in, the closest escape route if they needed one.
Steve sighed and looked down at his glass that was nearly filled to the rim with lukewarm beer. He had barely taken a sip of it but had felt nauseous almost immediately after.
already gave me lectures.  Months ago, actually.”  He’s perfectly aware of the power and influence Steve’s friends have–how they could all make Tony disappear without a trace in five seconds flat.
Tony approaches Steve slowly, afraid of driving him even further away than he already has. “I messed up.  I should’ve told you, but—”
True to his word, Steve doesn’t take long.  After only a couple minutes, Steve grabs Tony’s hips again and fucks into him good and hard a few more times before he’s shouting Tony’s name as his orgasm is punched out him.
that Clint had gotten him for Christmas last year, and whistling to himself as he flipped pancakes into the air.  There wasn’t anyone on the team who wasn’t genuinely shocked to find out that Tony was actually a pretty decent cook.
Tony hated labels because they were so black and white—and well, a little seventh grade—but if anyone asked what Steve had become to him over the course of the past year, the term “best friend” seemed the most appropriate (or “runner-up best friend,” as Rhodey playfully put it).
“I figure it’s a win/win situation,” Tony said nonchalantly. “Although I’m still failing to see how someone like you can be bad at dating.”
Tony’s jaw dropped when Steve unzipped one of the compartments and started rummaging through the contents. “You came
“Look, Tony. I don’t… I’m not mad at you,” Steve said, suddenly sounding exhausted.  He dragged a hand through his hair, shoulders tense. “I was, but I understand where you were coming from. I do.  I don’t blame you for this mess.  You just... overreached.”
In fact, he doesn’t approach the rest of the team at all, but Natasha catches a glimpse of a plastic keycard in his hand and—
Steve cut him off with a kiss, swallowing whatever else Tony had wanted to say.  He was already so close, but he sped up his movements anyway, determined to make Tony come first.  They still had plenty of time to do this properly; a whole five days to take his time coaxing out the sweet sounds from Tony’s lips as he sank into him.
Steve yawns and rubs the sleep from his eyes. “Long enough to know that you’re a total creep,” he says, but there’s a fondness in his eyes that Tony’s sure he’s never seen before—at least, directed at
“Hey, I never said there’s anything wrong with it,” Tony says. “New world and all, I get it.  What I don’t get, however, is how anyone like
“You haven’t even finished the first one,” Steve says incredulously, but he starts unpacking the box of goodies anyway. “I still don’t believe your doctors, y’know.”
,” Steve said, cringing when he realized how pathetic he sounded.  He burrowed his head under the cushions and groaned. “Leave me alone, Sam.”
And Tony tells him so.  He gasps the three words just as Steve wraps his hand around him, and Tony comes so spectacularly he passes out for a few moments.
some kind of hell—and then turns and saunters back over to where he was sitting on the floor, against the couch.  Tony stares and a very undignified noise escapes his throat because that’s—that’s not the way Steve walks.  He would have absolutely noticed if Steve walked with that much goddamned swagger before.
Steve makes impromptu visits to Tony’s office with the intention of bringing him lunch, but that usually just ends with Tony sitting at his desk, knees spread as Steve takes Tony’s cock into his mouth.  Tony’s lucky his desk is so large because his secretary walks into his office during one of Steve’s visits.  The fact that he’s able to manage an entire five-minute conversation with her without her suspecting anything is a feat in itself, because Steve’s mouth, Tony has learned, is
“No, I don’t think you do.” His thumb grazed over the corner of Steve’s mouth. “When we first met, I said that you could come to me if you ever needed anything.”
“Very well.”  Thor picked up his wine glass and got up from his seat.  “I am very thankful to be here, sharing this feast with such admirable companions on this holiday.  We would not be here were it not for Tony’s generosity and willingness to take in such a group of unique individuals.  I am very grateful to know you all, and proud to be fighting alongside you.”  He took a moment to glance at everyone at the table before smiling. "And I am truly humbled and thankful to call you my ‘family.’” He raised his glass. “So, I would like to make a toast: to family.”
It isn’t until the night of Tony’s fraternity’s biggest party that he gets the guts to text Steve himself.
Steve had learned very early on that the three most efficient ways of getting Tony to do pretty much
“I love you,” he murmurs, his fingers carding through Tony’s hair. “I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel like I don’t.”
Tony stood outside of the guest room that he and Steve were sharing, his hand frozen on the handle of the door.  He had rehearsed a hundred different scenarios in his head, a million possible outcomes for how the evening would pan out, but this was
“Do you?” Tony challenged.  Sometimes, it was still hard to believe that he and Steve were friends—that Steve had seen parts of Tony that no one ever had, and that Tony had
It never goes the way he expects it to: it’s always too rushed, too rough, and it hurts him more than he’ll ever admit.  He’s been told that it’s normal for it to feel a little uncomfortable at first, but even by the end of it, he doesn’t feel right.  His partners always seek their own pleasure first, and by the time they remember to help him out, Tony’s too tense and apprehensive to enjoy it, and he makes them get it over with as quickly as possible.  Afterwards, Tony’s left feeling sick to his stomach at the thought that he actually
“Iron Man, did you call them?” Steve asked.  He, Clint, and Natasha had to rely on hand-to-hand combat since they were caught without any weapons.  Fortunately, they still had two heavy hitters: Thor could summon Mjolnir from any location, and Tony had been wearing his bracelets for his latest armor.  Bruce was trying to herd civilians away from the scene, refusing to unleash the Hulk unless absolutely necessary.
“Our firm upholds the utmost professionalism,” Hill says.  She promises him good benefits and even better money, and he finds himself signing a contract by the end of the day.
It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t made an attempt to reach out to Tony—the day after they got back to the tower, Steve had gone down to Tony’s workshop to invite him out to dinner only to be informed by JARVIS that Tony was busy working.  Steve had tried again the next day, but the workshop was still locked down—even Steve’s override code had been rejected.
Tony ducked his head, and Steve definitely knew that his suspicions were correct. He would never admit how much pride he took in being the only person to make
“I’m sorry for unloading all of this on you,” Steve said, suddenly looking self-conscious. “Um… I can give you some time to—”
“Fine,” Tony replied, absently moving a few random objects on his desk. “At least that’s what Bruce said.”
“I enjoy being able to take mementos of important milestones in our lives.  ‘Tis your first outing as a real couple!” Thor reminded. “That in itself is enough cause for celebration.”
Steve takes a seat next to Tony, who just repositions himself so he can rest his head in Steve’s lap.
“Thanks,” Tony muttered.  He looked over at Natasha, who seemed to be deeply engrossed in the sports section of the morning paper. “Nat—”
When the Enchantress hit him with her spell, Tony had expected chaos and glittery spirals of cosmic light, crazy mystical chants, and maybe a bit of vertigo.
“No,” Sam replied, “but when you guys aren’t speaking after being attached at the hip for two months, it’s pretty obvious that something’s up.”
“Lemme guess, a bitter ex-girlfriend or employee that was out to get their revenge for me dumping or firing them?” Tony said before dipping a finger into the batter and tasting it, and then held out the wooden spoon to Pepper.  “Hey, can you taste this and tell me if you think it needs more sugar?”
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, his voice much softer than before.  He moves towards Tony, but stops a few feet away.
“Steve, you know why—What are you saying?” The look Tony sent his way was one of genuine concern and confusion.
“Of course, I have!” Steve hissed, just narrowly avoiding choking on a mouthful of chocolate chip pancakes. “But what does that have to do with anything?”
“Is that what you thought?” Steve asked faintly, brow furrowed and confused. His fingers spread over the dry bark and absently picked at the chipped edges.  He spun around to try to meet Tony’s gaze, but Tony’s eyes were fixated on the dampening ground.  “Tony, is that what you really think of me?”  I wouldn’t break up with anyone like that, especially you! I
“I’ll be fine,” Steve says, despite the slight sting from the fading bruises on his hips.  The man, the spoiled son of some big-shot CEO, was slightly younger than Steve.  He had been surprisingly pleasant company during the charity dinner, but was a lot rougher than Steve had expected when he was dragged down into one of the empty rooms of the mansion they were in.
“What happened with you two?” Sam asked, genuine concern on his face. “I haven’t seen you guys together since you got back from Paris.”
“Tony,” Steve grunted.  It was taking every ounce of self-control in his body to keep up the languid pace he set. “Darling, let me see you.”
“Oh, I haven’t yet,” Tony replied, voice thick with want. He could do this: push the hurt and fear aside and just remember what it was like to feel Steve.
too much—and paws at his pockets. “Where is my phone?  Where is it, oh God.  We need to be recording this for posterity.”
“No. Because it’s a graze. Yeah. A graze and you know what that means? That we are going to get out of here because you aren’t bleeding out or anything.” Tony said.
Steve stood in the bathroom running cold water over his hands. Tony walked back into the room, the door locking behind him. He didn’t realise how much time had passed.
“I’ve also thought it would be a good idea if we all know how it works.” Bruce said. “Just in case it malfunctions.”
It failed. The nanotechnology slid around and started to look like a perfectly fitting gauntlet until it reached Tony’s wrist on his left hand. It was mentioned earlier that his left arm often tenses up when he is entering the suit but the nanotechnology should be able to adjust to the slight changes in his muscles since the other armors were programmed to do so. But it seemed that Jarvis was right when he said it would fail. The tiny bits of metal cut quickly into Tony’s skin. Lucky with Bruce’s quick acting he stalled the nanotechnology before it could get fatally deep into Tony.
“Don’t blame yourself. I’m a hard person to deal with. Ask anyone.” Tony said. “Just promise me that you’ll mourn me for a couple months. Make everyone eat cheeseburgers at my funeral and that you donate Jarvis to the local community college.”
Steve jumped up from his seat on the bed when the grunts finally came back with Tony. He was thrown into the room and rolled into himself. The grunts left without giving him a look.
They hadn’t figured out how they would get Steve in the lab again. Rumlow seems desperate to make that place Tony’s prison.
Steve paused, grabbing the bag and holding it in place. His breathing was strained. He looked over at Nat. Most days he couldn’t read her. That’s how she wanted it. But he knew it was getting easier with each day that passed in the tower. They all had walls to climb over and she was finally opening up. He knew that. And he could see in her face that it was softening.
The men grabbed him and he struggled. Pushing and shoving and using each bit of energy he had to get out of their grip. Tony also knew he was yelling, saying anything to get himself out but it was pointless. He was shoved under the water.
Tony pulled a wrapped gift out from his desk and slid it over to Clint. The man fumbled with paper, hands shaking with excitement.
“Well Fury, you’ll be happy to hear that I’ve already planned out their rooms. In a week they’ll be completely built and furnished.” Tony said. “I’ll give them all a call.”
Tony’s arms laid at his side for a moment. He didn’t want this. He didn’t want the team and he didn’t want the family and he sure as hell didn’t want Steve. But there was Clint looking for him, seeking him out, asking if he’s ok. And Tony knew that he always wanted this.
“Bruce, we need to alert Pepper and Happy of the situation. I would say I could carry Tony to the tower, but I don’t think the movement would be good for his heart.” Steve said. “And...by chance did you guys pack an each reactor before leaving the tower?”
Bat knew these two like the back of her hand. She knew if they fixed it the first time they could fix it again.
Steve stomped into the bathroom. Tony wrote down the intensive list of items that he required along with other items that would be needed to make it look like he was actually make the bombs Brock wanted.
Again he didn’t respond so Steve took a seat back on the bed, pulling his legs to his chest and resting his head on his knees. He remembered when they were younger, entering the eighth grade and Tony told him that it was possible that this could happen someday. That Steve was a target because he was Tony Stark's best friend. He never thought too much of it. He loved Tony and it didn’t make sense to worry over maybes. And they weren’t even friends anymore and it’s happening. In some future where they survive this it could be funny.
Then he noticed it. Rumlow took his hand, squeezed Tony’s shoulder and then slowly moved it to the small of Tony’s back. Steve froze.
Tony had come to the conclusion half way through the day that was why Steve left. He hadn’t even noticed the slight touched anymore. It was something he could easily block out especially now since they were so close to finishing their plan.
Nothing would bring more attention to the duo if they went to the museum of modern art in the middle of the day with that exhibit. For one Tony was well...Tony. His history of partners is long and delves into anyone and everyone. Being seventeen was not a good age for him, but really good for the media. Especially for the Bugle when they got a sex tape of Tony with a man. So if Steve Rogers was seen with Tony at this exhibit than people were going to talk and Steve didn’t need that.
“I’m starting to think he should’ve taught you to make explosives as well because what you’re making me isn’t what I asked for.” Rumlow said.
Steve walked over to the window. Tony slowly followed him. The both watched the streets as cars drove by. The looks small and the city looks huge. Tony tried to figure out what was going on inside Steve’s head. The rooms were a lot. It was fancy. It was beyond what any of these people have ever experienced before. And maybe it was too much. Maybe Steve was thinking about those common people down on the street going home to their small apartments with no hot water. Maybe that’s what he wanted. To be normal. Because he never got the chance to be. None of the team did.
“Well...don’t make the others jealous. I don’t really have time to make five more prototypes.” Tony said.
“Jarvis informed me that you won’t be able to use that arm properly for at least two weeks.” Steve said. “What if we get called to action? We can’t afford for you to stay home.”
“So that’s actually the problem. I haven’t found anything that could replace palladium in the arc reactor so currently I’m still stuck with this pace maker.” Tony said tapping his chest. “Also why it’s perfect for the bombs I’m making. You know. Long term effects in case the bombs don’t actually kill them.”
“I’ve been working on a sort of magnet. It reflects EMPs, but doesn’t affect the charge the reactor is making. It just hasn’t been a priority, but I guess it is now.”
“Your father was right about you. You’re ungrateful and I can’t believe I wasted so much time on you. Fuck you Stark.” Steve said and stormed out of the room.
He was guiding Tony around the room as Steve stood by the entrance with the grunts. Rumlows hand moved to clasp around Tony’s. Steve felt his stomach twist.
Steve watched Rumlow. He had started to circle him. One hand was resting on his hip. The man's eyes never left Tony. There was a darkness in them. Not the odd adoring one that he had seen in the past. This was going to turn south soon.
Steve knew he would love Tony no matter what happened. If he woke up and he wasn’t...he couldn’t...it didn’t matter to Steve. But he knew Tony. If he couldn’t be himself, fly the suit and work in the lab and control the holograms and run and fight and yell and laugh just like the old days, that would kill him.
Steve was staring at the ground to nervous to look Tony in the eyes, but when no response came, he looked up. Tony was clutching at his chest, face white like a sheet.
Steve patted the bed he sat on. Tony took a few trembling steps and took a spot on the edge of the bed. He waited hours for Steve to get out of surgery and it was relieving to see that he’s fine. But Tony didn’t know if that was true. Because what would be fine after this?
He tried to open his eyes, but he just didn’t have the strength and he was also a tad bit scared the lights might blind him.
Steve wanted Tony to look up. He wanted to know if he was as scared as he was. Or if he was also seeing the nakedness in Rumlow's eyes.
“I wish I could say the same but since I am being held hostage it’s sorta embarrassing to say I’m having a great time.” Tony said.
He’s heard that name. He knows he has. The man was walking right for Tony. Open arms and he was talking. He was too far away to hear, but the look on Tony’s face was enough for Steve to realize that he’s no good. Tony looked pale and his shoulders were pulled back.
“He was on a show a month ago. Tony called him a “lying bastard” and shut off the television.” Thor said.
“I think I would be an expert on what you look like when you think. I was your boyfriend for two years after all.” Steve said.
“They’re watching us. I don’t know if they are also listening to us but just in case we should only talk when one of us is using the sink. It’ll block out our voices.” Tony said.
A shiver ran down Tony’s spine. He tried to pull back but the man ran his head up to Tony’s hair and took a strong grip there. He turned towards the camera.
It was only by the luck of whatever higher being was out there that they had been located in the deep forested part of New York where the populate plummeted but the health care system was still adequate. He didn’t have to drive far to find a hospital. They fixed Steve up real quick. The muscle in his leg would be healing for up to a year, but the flesh wound would be healed in two months. And Steve would be realised once he can put direct pressure on his leg.
“Then last night you said something about an arc reactor and that peaked my interest because that has palladium in it. You tried to make it seem like that would be used as a stabilizer in the Jericho’s you were making me. But I realized how ridiculous that was.” Rumlow.
“Silly thing is that I don’t feel too lucky.” Tony said. “And even worse is that I got to cut this chat short. I was meeting some friends-“
Steve had kept quiet most of the time. Always asking if he was fine, trying to make idle conversation if it made sense. Tony had know Steve and he knew that Steve was struggling. He was out of his element. He couldn’t do anything. He was useless in the situation. He could only watch as they took Tony away. He had tried to attack one of the grunts but it only ended with him getting thrown against the wall. The breath getting knocked out of him as he watched Tony getting pulled away.
Calling Clint was weird for Tony. On the field, Clint was a machine. But his whole demeanor changed over the phone.
“We’re making a video for your parents right now.” The man said. “Also for the other kids family but they aren’t really a concern for us.”
“Don’t worry. Everything should go by smoothly now. You won’t even have to worry over me when I come back.”
“You came down here not because you care about me but because you care about how I’m going to perform in battle. Nice just brilliant actually. Your a great team leader.” Tony said. “And I thought...I don’t know what I thought actually. Funny really, I’m at a loss.”
But god he did. The name made his skin crawl and the memories enveloped his head and all he could think about was the pain he brought him. Heartbreak and betrayal.
Tony cocked his head and gave Bruce the look that said “I don’t understand and I always understand. I’m a certified genius.” He couldn’t bother to tell Tony what everyone already knew. Tony saw what he wanted and it was very unlikely to get through to him when he didn’t want to know the truth.
Natasha pushed around the fruit in her bowl. Her hand slowly moving circles as her eyes bore into Tony. A small smile formed in her face.
Thor nodded, pushing out his hand and calling Mjlorton. A few seconds past and it slammed into his hand. He jumped into the air and watched from the sky.
Tony knew he wasn’t like the others. In their own ways they were all enhanced and he was just a civilian. He was weak. He wouldn’t mix well with them off the battlefield. He would also be so defenseless to them.
Bruce knew Tony understand nano tech better than him. But he saw the pieces of metal and how they shifted and this wasn’t like his other suits. But he could never say no to Tony. There was something about the way that the man stood his ground that said that Tony has heard no enough in his life and a little encouragement would go a long way.
Brown eyes seek out the blue of his own, and Tony is all but whispering, “She told me she loved me 3000 times. My calculations -never wrong, by the way- tells me she loves you maybe 900 times, max? Wow.”
“Mine?” The word comes out before he can help it, incredulous. Peggy has a gift for him? What? His heart speeds into an unhealthy range as she prompts him to look inside. Carefully, as though the box is so fragile it may turn to dust at the slightest touch, Steve lifts the cover… He gasps, soundless.
And Steve thinks that’s his cue to leave. “There’s something going on in New York City. You can turn on the news. I have to go back there, now.”
hello, everyone! first of all, sorry for the long delay! i've not forgotten about this fic for a second; i've just been going through over 200 pages worth of stony fics on ao3! and that's made me realise there's so many things i want to write for stony that i feel i've already steered from in this fic. as such, i've quite selfishly decided i will be taking a break from it. i'm not dropping it (don't worry!!), just need to come back one day soon to rewrite it now that i've seen all the possibilities this pairing holds for me!
He was grateful that she at least put in the effort to sound confident. It helped with his nerves, somewhat. Alrighty then. He’s just gonna waltz in, calm and collected, and introduce himself as Iron Man. Not much different than meetings, really. He could do this. Tony reached for the knob, forgetting it was an automatic door, stumbled, and nearly fell flat on his face if not for JARVIS.
so i am not actually sure whether to continue this, hope for some feedback and i'll see how it goes!! (:
she heard his side of the story, sighed through a hoarse throat, and demanded that Tony make an apology to the barista. He begrudgingly agreed, because the coffee he’d been drinking the past two days tasted like utter
Tony tried not to focus too much on the fact that he was learning things about Steve he never knew before right now. Yeah, that’s right - looking back now, he didn’t know much about the man; their conversations rarely revolved around Steve. A classic whirlwind romance gone wrong… except Steve had never said he loved Tony (he had thought
The topic of marriage comes unexpectedly, just two weeks after the battle, as the world is still recovering from its loss. The Avengers (all six of the original team, because they sent the rest on
"No I don’t," Tony had slurred out, because it was first instinct to deny anything that was said about him.
"Sir." It was always heartening to hear disapproval in JARVIS’ voice, in the form of a single word. It reminded Tony of his old butler, who he missed dearly. "The Mark VII is…"
"The ones who brought ya here. Think me crazy if ya want, but I ain’t lying when I say they’re aliens looking to take over the world."
Hope you liked the chapter! My goal is to have the next chapter up by Christmas. The fic is steering off from what I originally had in mind, but I don't completely dislike where it's headed.
friendly movie, we’re lucky Parker isn’t here” from Bruce that Steve almost misses because his heart is thumping so loud, so wild he’s amazed he can still hear them at all.
right now. So he nods in the direction of Stark Tower, “Guys? What do you think about heading up there now before Loki get anymore ideas that threatens the fate of the world?”
Steve knows what’s happening. He’s been through it; one of the days he’ll never be able to forget, even if he wants to. He’s been back on this very day just two weeks ago, just slightly later in time, to restore the Infinity Stone. The Helicarrier is under attack by agents under Loki’s control. She’s going down, while the 2012 Steve and Tony are going to fix up the engine.
Clint just sticks his tongue out, “Like you’d even notice me in my stealth mode. I’ll disguise myself and tell everyone about your sex life!”
) before trying again. “So. I got chewed up by my assistant - Pep’s really scary when she wants to be, okay, - and she’d established it was 100% my fault and I should apologise, which I guess I can agree but honestly I’m not really good at that? So I picked up some flowers since you seem like you have a thing for them? Sorry if I’m wrong. And I, uh, really am sorry about the other day. You just make really good coffee and I didn’t know how else to show my appreciation and wow… I should really shut up now.”
It takes Steve two days to work up the courage. Because two days was the maximum possible given time to grief before the Infinity Stones need to be restored to their rightful places. “One second too late, and it’d cause wordly chaos,” Bruce had simplified the complications, with Doctor Strange nodding his approval.
. Yeah, Sam’s right. It’s a ceremony with just them, the team, the family. They’re here to make something that has been happening… Official. That’s what this is. He clings to that thought.
younger, but Steve too is over a century old by now). But he does as he’s told, reaching for the handle of the second drawer and pulling it open.
They part to loud applause, pressing their noses together, breathing each other in. Tony already has a mischievous glint in his eyes. “Hello, Mr. Steve Rogers-Stark.”
as just demonstrated. It used to be a minor issue; he could usually keep himself in check, but ever since Afghanistan, the smallest thing could set him off. Most days, he annoyed even himself.
But Steve was humming along, his entire body vibrating as he did, making Tony shiver and tilting his head up. His goatee brushed against Steve’s cheek as he mumbled, sleepily, "Steveeeee."
And because Sharon is smart, she holds on tight. The moment they pass the first high rise building, the jet is under attack. Steve fires back, of course; but one jet v.s. an army of aliens from all directions? No matter how prepared he may be, there’s no victory in sight here. A wing is broken, and the jet goes crashing down just like it did when he was with Natasha and Clint. But Steve’s a man who learns. He’s been flying low this whole time in an area he recalls to have little to no people, and the crash is more of a bumpy landing at best. Or worst, depending on who you ask.
But Tania kept pounding her broken face, till she suddenly grabbed her head and smashed it to the ground.
“I was born in New York.” she pauses at Tania’s widening eyes, “And my name isn’t Antonia Sobol. It’s Antoinette Stark.”
The prostitutes in Howard's bedroom seemed to amuse Lucie, and her perspective on the situation calmed Toni down a lot.
My best friend murdered your parents totally trumps I’m not telling you who fathered my child. Any day of the week. Easy.
Steve found her in the desert covered in blood (not hers) and surrounded by scraps of metal (very much hers). She felt bad, he’d had to take more than a month off of his search for Barnes, because she got herself kidnapped.
“Ok, you’re forgiven.” Toni replied happily, “But we’re both wearing way too much clothing if you wanted to continue.”
But in the meantime, she has to plan for revenge, because if she’s going down, Sasha sure as hell will too.
“No. I was never a handler for Russian assets, but I had my own pet project. The soldier, of course. I organized all his missions going back thirty years.”
Comments are like oxygen, I can't breath without. Drop a compliment, comment, or concern below and I'll reply shortly! Thanks to my beta Balletgrl046, you're a peach!
Eva would be with her in the basement right now, if another girl Lidia Yakovlev hadn’t walked down to the armory just before dinner last year and shot herself in the head.
Before the first could recover, she leveraged her weight against the second guard and kicked him with both feet.
But she remembered Eva’s words. She was past redemption. Wherever she was going she prayed she wouldn’t see anyone she loved there. And if either of them deserved to go to hell, it was Eva.
“Well, maybe you should take another look, because this is ridiculous.” He finally set the paper on the table, “It’s taking away our freedom, our rights!”
Steve glances around, the soldier- Bucky is long gone. When the agents surrounded them, he didn’t even notice him slip away.
She could see the life draining out of Petra’s beautiful green eyes as striking red blood dripped from her neck, and maybe her legs, arms, and face. They’d make her death long and painful.
Klara steeled herself a moment, before answering, “한 남자가 친구에게 돈을주고 아내를 얻는다.” Surprising articulate, Toni thought to herself, “A man gives money to a friend to get a wife.” wasn’t the most detailed response, but she doubted she could do much better herself.
Manya glances at her a moment, almost longingly, like if they were a little closer, or it was a little later, she might have gone for it. Instead, she pulled away, “I’m probably being missed at the party. You are. We should return.”
But soon, they were done. Neither wanted anymore, and neither wanted to move. Toni usually pulled her pants on my now, but the sheets were soft and the brunette was...a person. So she stayed, not asking permission from her companion, not that he was lucid enough to give it.
“Subject near artifact recovered. Appears to be human.” She found Captain America’s body! She actually found him? Fuck you Howard!
‘Avril Simon’ was hired months ago as a secretary for the target, a wealthy businessman Maximiliano Gómez, and it was the perfect cover. She was low ranking, and Toni worried it would take months for her to reach him, thankfully the old man went through secretaries in days.
It was another week before she finally talked to Steve, or at least left something for him to find besides her cold dead body.
“If things weren’t like this. No Red Room, no trials. If I met you on that corner instead of the Instructor, would we have been friends?”
“Have you even read these?” Steve wildly shook the thick packet of paper in the air, “Have you seen this stuff?”
“You jackass.” She said, snatching the papers from the table and stuffing it into the folder, and strode down the hall.
Her eyes burn along with her throat, and tears line her eyes. Slowly they fall down her face and she struggles against the gurney. No. no. no. no. She can’t let Alex die, not like this.
“Huh?” he murmured, and Fury opened his fist to reveal a small flash drive, “Trust no one,” he said in a rash voice, his breath was getting more uneven by the second.
She can’t help but stare at him as he leaves, since he’s the first man she’s seen in person for years.
Toni looked up at him, “That was her name. It was between Alex, Riley, and Charlie. Alex Stark sounded better so...”
She often had only one person for company in the library late at night, Sasha, her old friend who made it her life purpose to be a bitch to Toni two years ago when they both started sixth grade.
She stripped off the dirtied shirt and made towards the stream. The first few dunks in the cold water rinse the initial black, but the sides that she’d slept on had really worked their way into the fabric.
Her room is empty, but she has a roommate, Lucette Steele ironically the daughter of another tech company CEO, she can’t help but wonder if someone did this on purpose. Lucette is a week late for some reason, so she ventures out into the hallway, which is bustling with parents moving their kids into their rooms. Her parents wished her luck from the dining room this morning, and then Jarvis drove her to the train, he looked regretful and told her he wished he could come help move her in but her father need work done. Jarvis lost the role of nanny when Ann turned nine. Apparently she no longer needed one.
AA meetings give her more of a routine then normal but she supposes that’s a good thing. Her mentor gets concerned when she doesn’t show up, and when she does answer her phone, so her late night design binges and consequential two day long naps are cut down to a minimum to keep Lena, her mentor, from going bat shit on her. She loves Pepper but it’s different when it’s not completely her job to check on Toni.
The remaining candidates are gathered in the dining hall quickly after, Eva is led away shortly and returns wearing a change of clothes. Tania and Klara are looking at Toni confusedly.
He’s still in his own head as he knocks out the last of Peirce’s cronies in the elevator, and barely registers the breaking glass around him. He does notice the fall and the impact of the ground. Has the ground gotten harder since he last plummeted to it?
But when it’s over, they’re both panting, Manya turns towards her affectionately, and Toni lets her cuddle a moment. She squeezes her eyes shut, as little tears pool in the corners. This was supposed to be the start of the mission. The seduction. She had months to work with, and this was the perfect start to it.
With her help, they cut through the bottom of the van and make their escape before the agents even open the doors.
Toni’s face rashes with blood and she wants to scream. How could Katya have blamed her for Nika’s death, when she was the one who told on her? But what if this was a lie? Katya couldn’t exactly defend herself at the moment, could she?
She strides down the hallway they entered from, but veers into an unfamiliar room, a door stands in the back and Zma waits expectantly, “Go, you’ll be late.”
“He promised I could go on his next trip. I was gonna take over the company someday I should know how to run it. But he forgot, so I had to beg and beg, and I joined them last minute. So last minute they didn’t realize there was an extra girl in the car until my parents were dead.”
She sat, if only out of exhaustion. If this was a test Toni would fail, but as soon at Eva’s head hit the ground she stopped caring about examinations.
She glides through the room confidently, not letting her worry show. She’s careful with everyone, despite having perfected her Russian accent years ago, she’s still capable of slipping up.
Petra must’ve noticed too, because she went completely still for a moment, before she began to wildly swing her legs, and bang her hands on Toni’s.
Toni held her breath, waiting for him to decline. Why would he want to meet her anyways, what could she possibly do.
The bell rung, saving Annie from having to answer anymore questions, and they seemed to move on after that with some swaying from the girl in the back who seemed to hate Annie for some reason.
“So you’re keeping the baby?” the doctor said, “If you’re not, you only have a few more weeks, maybe less to decided, they tend to be very strict about this sort of thing, especially with minors.”
The older woman is staring at a book unpleased when Toni appears in the doorway, she looks up after a second, “Sobol, you’re back early.”
She needed to play keep away as long as possible, maybe Eva would try for Tania for a while instead.
“Oh don’t act like this is all for your parents. You’re upset I had them take you. You wish I’d left you in that car.”
She did follow Toni down the remaining narrow passage, and out the door, where another dead guard lied, Koila looked at the man only a moment as they walked past them, then at Toni, but made the connection.
She turns to leave when she remembers being dragged somewhere. It’s like a dream, but it’s clear, Madame led a few men to the tables with her in tow, and then nothing. Like it all disappeared from her brain, she gives herself a headache just thinking about it.
Almost cried at all the comments I got all of a sudden. There's a special place in heaven for y'all. I don't know when I'm getting 3 done, haven't even started editing yet, but I'll do my best. I'm going camping this weekend, and seeing Endgame tomorrow so probably mid next week.
“Antonia Sobol and Petra Repov. Please begin your match.” Madame walked in quietly, no one noticed her observing in the back corner.
911. She kept repeating the number in her head, but she was tempted to call Pepper or Rhodey or… Steve. He should know about this. But she settled on 911, hoping they’d find her before any living terrorist’s finished her off.
They teased her about what she’d do when she finally lost, where she’d go. Her spine shivered at the thought, and her face got tight, settling in a grimace to stop tears from spilling down her cheeks.
It was a month before she was assigned an assassination. A rising politician wasn’t respecting the powers that be, and he’d have to be silenced.
“Oh honey.” Toni said , “You don’t have to get me drunk for me to fuck you. I’ve already had a shitty night so let’s cut to the chase, find a big ass bed in this big ass mansion and let’s stock up on more shit to tell our therapists in twenty years.”
He didn’t see it that way. Still when Strange urged her to call him, she was about to when all sort of alien hell rained down and the sponge bob the musical rejects showed up. Of course Parker hitched a ride, and of course they ended up finding a gang or old pop culture obsessed aliens, and half alien.
I've been trying to get in touch with user EQfan74, if you know them or have can contact them, please send them my way.
Manya Volkov had been assigned to another asset months ago, but after proving unsuccessful, Toni was given the case.
Every time they neared a corridor where they could hear the voice of the party, Toni’s face paled, and Manya leads her in the other direction.
“I said eliminate her.” Madame said, and Toni didn’t respond to start to act so she stepped closer, almost on the mat, “Antonia Sobol. Kill her, she’s lost.”
Tania was right. The other girls, even the fat and weak one, were bigger than her. They were all three years older, giving them an advantage, plus they’d had extra years practicing unstructured sparring. But the difference between sparring and combat training was vast.
She wound down the middle of the road, three black cars behind her, and she could only look forward and hope they’d run out of gas before she did but this was a long ass highway.
Two rounds in the head, and one in the sternum. Just to be safe. She placed the pistol on the ground gingerly, before finding a plain wall to slide down.
“Save yourself, this hero thing is total bullshit.” She reached over and found what looked like a first aid kit
“But I won’t bore you with that, Utkyn and Sobol are tied with two eliminations each, Shvets has none. We usually choose the final assets by kill count, eliminating the one with the smallest.”
Toni nods nervously, the clock is ticking away and it’s almost eight when the door swings open, surprising Toni and Sasha, but Sasha more.
Toni’s face falls, she’d been procrastinating, dropping even detail she could remember to put off Tania’s death.
“If you’re done looking for your old laptop, you’re welcome to leave. I don’t need anyone seeing you come out of my room...y’know?” Sasha said with a sickly sweet grin. Toni knew she’d not find it here, so she turned on her heel, as slammed the door shut gardening looks from students in the hall but she’s so beyond caring.
They almost don’t hear the rustling leaves behind them, they’re almost so caught up in the moment they let Eva and her assault rifle take them by surprise.
It made her a target, girls often said she was given away, or sold. That’s the lie she’d been told, so she never rebuffed their taunts for fear of revealing too much.
“I know.” And she leans in quickly, planting a soft kiss before turning to go, “It wouldn’t be long till someone tracks down who I really am, I’ve got to get ahead of it.”
They got their own apartment only a few weeks ago and it was still unfamiliar, but more private than the tower.
They got brought into the lab. Tony was dragged to his stool behind his workbench and demanded to sit. Steve has held in place a meter in front of Tony.
If Tony had to explain his life he would say it was like a puzzle. He was always trying to fit in, find his place, his people, his reason for still being alive. He always wanted perfection. He wanted that finished puzzle so he could show himself that his life makes sense. But he can’t seem to ever make sense of the world he lives in. Tony just doesn’t work into his own puzzle.
He didn’t see it coming. He wasn’t good at physical affection. He could feel the casing of the arc reactor sitting flush with Clint’s chest. This was wrong. He shouldn’t be allowing this. The thing in his chest is his issue. They shouldn’t have to touch it or really even see it. Sure as hell won’t talk about it.
“I got you daisies and I was going to give them to you and tell you that I would buy you daisies everyday if it meant I got to be with you.” Steve said.
The random conversations that were happening around the dining table had shushed to focus on Tony and Thor.
Steve’s opinion about how long they’ve been here differed from Tony’s. He knew that Tony was trying to stay positive for him, so he didn’t think it was as bad as it was. Steve thought they’d been here at least three weeks. And now they’ve left them in the room for two days. Only stopping in to leave food and clean water.
“Don’t be stupid.” Tony said. “Steve Rogers scared? I’ve seen you in your fair share of fights Steve. You saying our relationship scared you is just bullshit.”
Steve was shaking. They always talked about this happening, the arc reactor failing, but it wasn’t actually a possibility. And he just got him back, spent the better of two weeks hating each other and then the week after that avoiding each other. He can’t let this happen, not when things weren’t fixed between them.
It was only supposed to be a little cold. So that’s what Tony will tell them when he emerges from his lab five days later. They’ll laugh and say he’s really the dramatic one and he’ll agree and he’ll remind himself that they are all just joking. But Tony wants this life more than anything. He wants friends, he wants a family. He doesn’t know how those things work so he’s learning. And maybe he won’t reach out for awhile and maybe all the jokes will hurt, but he’ll get used to this because he wants it more than anything.
But Steve wanted a medical kit for Tony. He knew about the waterboarding and the occasional hit. But Tony was hiding something from him. He could tell by the way he stops talking when Steve tries to bring up Rumlow. Steve worries that there was an injury that he couldn’t see, something that could fester with an infection.
Brock got up and moved to the other side of the room, throwing a towel for Tony to dry himself with. Tony patted the towel over his neck, scanning the room. The grunts were still hovering over him. But they were reserved. It’s working.
“It was really advanced stuff. At least that’s what Bruce said.” Steve said. “Nat and Clint took care of him. Currently at Shield, Thor said he would watch him.”
“We did. We’re also on lock down, but the bigger concern is what happens next. You can’t stay in here-”
He heard Bruce and Clint groan. He looked to see that Thor was staring at him wide eyed and Nat...she was watching the street.
The duo went off running, the direction Ty walked off towards. He wanted to follow, but Tony stumbled and Steve caught him before he hit the ground.
Bruce was hunched over Tony’s arm, putting in the final stitches and he wished he could disappear. The look on Steve’s face could make full grown adults cry.
Something cold and heavy pushed against his thigh. He dropped his gaze to see a gun pushing into his pant leg.
He wondered what time it was or where the others were or if they told Rhodey. Tony had so much going through his head. But there was one bigger than the rest, something he had to ask.
Steve turned off the faucet and stood by the skin for a moment. That wasn’t a lie. He could never lie to Tony.
Steve looked at the flowers. He knew it was corny. He knew that girls in the 40s would be all over him for doing this. He knew that Tony liked big events. He didn’t know though if this was big or if tony would even find this romantic. Steve sighed, pushing his hand through his hair.
“I just...all of this is new to me. I’m not used to a family or really friends that much. I’ve never had a proper relationship in my life. And on top of all of that I’m the biggest talk in the media. What we have isn’t ours, its everyones and I need you to know what your getting into before it gets too serious.” Tony said.
“I hate that nasty mouth you have. It’s too bad your father couldn’t teach you respect.” Rumlow said.
“I’m pretty sure Howard already told you Stark Industries doesn’t association with Hydra.” Tony said.
“I just thought I’d let you know I’ve been working on something pretty cool. Like it’s wicked. Do people even say wicked anymore. Forgot I said that actually. I’ve been working on the Tower and I thought why not make some room for the team? So...if you're ever in New York and want a place to stay you got a room. Well a whole floor actually. Won’t lie, it’s pretty nice. So come by maybe? You're welcomed to stay as long as you want and so yeah. That’s it. See you around.”
If it wasn’t for the long nights Tony spent idolizing the man, worshipping the man, loving the man, hating the man, loathing everything the man is, Tony would’ve asked to come the moment he heard Rogers was alive. Tony was all messed up inside about Steve Rogers because he couldn’t be him no matter how hard he tried. But his father had never spoken to him with so much...love in his life. And Tony, even at the age of 19 would take anything he could get from his father.
Tony saw the flicker of pain in the older man's eyes. This certainly wasn’t the place for his quips. But god Tony barely remembers the last time he was kidnapped. He was feeling just as disoriented as Steve was.
“We have two options here. Either someone, I don’t care who, pays me the sum I am asking for or we make Tony here build us the weapons that you, Howard, have declined to make us.” The man said.
Natasha was silent. Steve saw that her body was stiff and he if didn’t know better he would’ve thought she was being defensive towards their teammates. But he saw who her eyes were tracking. A tall lanky man with smooth blonde hair. He was dressed in a clean suit and a smile was plastered on his face, showing all this teeth clearly.
He’s been moping. Refusing to fill up Tony’s coffee cup and hiding his tools around the lab. It would’ve been cute if it wasn’t so damn annoying.
“Is this your new boyfriend? I kinda noticed you stopped being less of a whore since you got back from Afghanistan but I thought it was because you would be too insecure about your scared up chest, but it must be this beefcake right here.” Ty said then looking over to Steve. “How much is Tony paying you?”
He could’ve probably thought of a way out of the cell if it was just him. But Steve, it was too risky to try and get him out. Tall and full of muscle. There was no way he could sneak around or think about fitting into an air vent. More than likely they would have to power this one out.
“So know we have to look for a staircase or really any door because both ways they’ve taken me don’t have rooms that lead anywhere. So follow me. We’re taking a left at our cell.” Tony said.
“Rhodey said the same thing when I told him. It’s hard to explain why. It just makes me feel...safe.” Tony said.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. He was a smart guy. In fact, one of the smartest in the world. He knew they left the tower oddly close to the same time Steve, Natasha and Thor did. He knew that these two wouldn’t bring him there if there wasn’t a reason. Bruce didn’t care much for public places and Clint rather they go somewhere like an arcade or laser tag. This was adding up to a skeam.
Tony turned on the faucet and started to scrub his hands together. They were calloused from the rough use.
Tony leans against the workbench as Bruce fiddled with the equation on the holograph. He crossed his arms over his chest, easing his breath.
Clint pulled his legs to his chest, resting his head on his knees. Tony waved away his holograms and sat down on his chair. The door to the lab opened and Bruce came in holding two bowls. He passed one to Tony and the other to Clint.
Tony’s who body was in pain. Any movement he made caused his lungs to seize and his heart to ache. He wanted nothing more to rip the arc reactor right out of his chest.
Steve felt himself grinning at Tony. Then came the all too familiar tapping of shoes on cement. Steve moved quickly away from Tony, sitting down on the bed, back straight up. Tony stood from his spot, body rigid.
“Of course I care about the battles! I don’t want you getting hurt worse or somehow someone getting hurt because of your injury! Tony, your a mess and I just want to help.” Steve said.
If Steve could see the fear that covered Tony’s body he didn’t mention it. He let Tony storm out of the room. Nothing else said between them.
They entered a room with a video camera and a security monitor. They were watching them the whole time. Tony felt himself deflate. He should’ve supposed that was happening...but that changes everything.
There were words unspoken about being young and having no one there to guide you. About losing all your family and having nothing to rely on. Because when it really came down to it, none of the team had much of a family. But they had each other now and maybe Tony made them a home. A place where life could flourish and a family could be made.
He didn’t or wouldn’t take the bait that Nat was laying out. Talking to Steve was like pulling nails at times. It was because he grew up during the depression. It was easier to just keep everything in because why complain when nothing could be fixed? But most times Steve doesn’t realize it’s the 21st century. Being open, at least with your team...with your family was important.
Tony thought about how much time had passed since he last saw him. Three years since their falling out. Two years since Steve called him.
“Ok, Thor I need you to make sure no civilians get too close. Tony would hate if this got all over the news.” Steve said.
“I’m being serious. If it was bad I would tell you. I know you don’t think that, but it’s true.” Tony said.
Tony took in a deep breath and slowly released it. He looked at Steve’s eyes. The soft blue that reminded him of summer sky’s between the hours of five and six. They were fresh, clear and welcoming. Beckoning him to open up and be himself. It was a different blue than Brocks. It was a blue that Tony thought he was falling in love with again.
He felt like he drank a liter of vodka and took a gateway drug and ended up sleeping in the alleyway by his apartment. His body was aching all over. He groaned, lifting his body off the cold cement floor. Rubbed his hand into his eyes, blinking away the blurriness.
Last, and of course he was last, was Tony. He tried his hardest to stay away from the sickness. He stayed in his lab for days just to avoid it. He only allowed Steve in to make sure he wasn’t dead. And Tony for some reason forgot to think that although Steve can’t get sick, doesn’t mean he can’t carry the virus.
They both laughed, Tony kissed his check and hopped off the counter, grabbing Steve’s hand and leading him to the living room. They weren’t perfect, but Tony would learn to love imperfection.
Tony sighed. Steve weakly moved his body into a sitting position. His eyes were straining and his face was pinched. He didn’t have any visible marking of an injury. At least there was that.
Ty turned and started walking away. Tony sighed and then smiled. Maybe he should be embarrassed that his ex boyfriend made a scene in front of all his friends, but it felt...good. He’s never had people stand up for him like that. Sure at times Pepper was there to talk someone off or Happy could help direct him away from conflict and Rhodey was always there to help him afterwards. But these people were here and now. It was nice.
“Jarvis always reminds me of important events. I was just a bit dazed. Being in the lab disoriented me.” Tony huffed.
“I don’t know.” Tony said. “Based on what I know about tranquilizers we were out around six to seven hours. Which means we can be as far as London if they took us by plane or somewhere in the Midwest if it was by car. Also possible that we are still in New York. I’ll know more once I see who took us.”
Tony shifted in his seat, looking at each one of his team mates. He’s always been able to read people. The little tweaks that come out in people when they intend to hide something. Tony was an expert at studying humans so he could protect himself. Even with Natasha he could see the lines starting to soften. They looked at him in a way he wasn’t quite used to.
Tony was quickly walking down the sidewalk, making his way to the parking lot on campus. Both him and Steve had spent the past hour in class being corral into lab groups and being forced to figure out what they would study. Tony was pissed. He shouldn’t be in a 100 level science class. How was it possible that he’d made it so far into his bio-mechanic major without already taking the class or something equal to it? The oversight at the college was blowing his mind. And on top of it all he couldn’t believe his luck with somehow getting stuck in the same class as Steve Rogers.
His hand tapped at his side. Steve was acutely away that Rumlow had stopped walking and stood uncomfortably close to him.
Tony’s head slowly raised up, a pinched smile on his face. He put down the soldering iron, body stiff from the position he’d definitely been in for hours. His beard wasn’t trimmed and his hair was greasy. There were dark bags under his eyes and cloths so rumbled it looks like he’s never changed.
Jokes. It was jokes. Tony reminded himself. Clint was a master at the snide remark and often came level to level with Tony on sarcasm.
He’d kept Steve up to date. Explains that Brock Rumlow was the worst person they could’ve gotten stuck with inside of Hydra. Although he wasn’t the man running the show he was the loose wheel. He would do anything to get them to do what he wanted. He’d read the emails that had been sent to his father when they first refused to work together. The descriptions on torture still vivid in Tony’s mind. In some fucked up way Tony was glad he was only being waterboarded.
He was sitting on top of one of Tony’s work benches. His legs dangling off the edge with his head tilted up to inspect the vents. Tony had told him multiple times over the past couple weeks that he was forbidden from climbing through those ones. He was more than happy to supply the layout off all the vents so he could avoid these ones, but Clint denied with a smug smile.
Tony knew that he knew that name. But he couldn’t think about that. Instead he’s eyes have finally focused and he saw the tank of water in the room. He knew what that meant.
He let go of Tony’s hand and started walking over to Steve. Tony had sat down at the bench, pulling things out and started looking over his schematics.
But either way Tony spent the rest of the day with a smile resting on his face. It was becoming normal for him to actually be...happy.
“Hey now. I knew the moment I became your friend I was a target.” Steve said. “But that didn’t scare me because I love you.”
Steve took Tony into his arms and slowly laid down on the bed. He felt the rise and fall of Steve’s chest. The steady breathing becoming heavy. He could always tell when he was sleeping. He became a heavy weight. Tony snuggled up to him and closed his eyes. For the first time in weeks welcoming sleep.
“We can sit here all day and think about the should’ve could’ve would’ve. That isn’t going to help anyone.” Steve said. “We just need to heal and grow. And Tony, I want us to do it together because I can’t imagine doing this without you.”
He had spent a week in the lab. In one more week he’d have everything ready. The outline he made for Rumlow predicted a product in three weeks so they would be working on the elimination of surprise.
Way less tony. The thing was black and purple and was more domed shaped. It looked the way that Clint would like a helmet to look, but he didn’t know what it was for.
I might make a sequel to this...I don't know yet. I just really liked how Steve and Tony worked in this fic together and I would think it would be fun to flush them out more.
And that hurt. Because Steve never did anything wrong. Tony motioned for Jarvis to open up a link between the two rooms.
Clint hurried from the room before he could get the unforgiving disappointed Captain America look. Steve put his hands on his hips and let out a soft giggle. The food was stored. He walked up to Tony, placing his hands on the younger man’s shoulders and giving them a squeeze.
No one has ever gone out of there way to woo him. Tony looked at Steve. How many times has he looked at him and fallen in love with him all over again? And how long has he been trying to tell himself they were just friends?
“This prison isn’t so great. Honestly, I feel like those mob bosses in GoodFellas because I can basically do what I want.” Hammer said. “But this is an issue for another day. Ty told me to send the message your way and you have to tell him I did or he’s going to get someone to rough me up. And I’m starting to think it’s a bit more of a rough up.”
Probably tell Tony died. But he pushed that thought away because it was game time. He had to act his life away to convince Brock Rumlow that he would make him weapons.
“I’ve been thinking much about that arc in your chest. I’ve never seen anything like it.” Thor said.
“Tony, I know there is going to be hard days. Days were you don’t want to leave the lab or days were the media might bombard us or days were I just want to go to the gym and destroy punching bags. No relationship is perfect and I know ours won’t be. But I love you and I love us because of our flaws. Perfect isn’t fun, but us? We are something to be desired and no news reporter or your self esteem issue, which by the way I’m going to work on or any of my character flaws are going to stop me from loving you.” Steve said. “You got that? You showed me how to live in the 21st century, you gave me a home and you gave me a family. I’ll show you how to make this place feel like home and I’ll show you how a family functions.”
“For being such a good boy I’m going to let you have the rest of the day off. You can take this paper and pencil with you. Write down what we need to get for you and in two days we’ll be making magic together.” Brock said.
“I saw you and Clint setting up a prank to scare Nat. I don’t think your as busy as you say.” Steve said.
Tony turned the corner and started walking away. He let out a sigh of relief. He’d been wanting to say that for awhile.
Bruce went to speak, lifted his head to see that Nat and Clint were currently standing at the entrance of the room. Both of them shaking their heads no. He shouldn’t interfere.
Steve felt tingles erupt throughout his body as the room he was in burst with light. He staggered around. A guiding force pulling him forward until he just decided that he’d rather sleep.
Steve’s cheeks heated up and he squirmed in his seat. He wanted thing just to be better with him and Tony. Sure he’s thought about it. He’s had dreams at night that left him all hot and bothered in the morning and made him avoid Tony for part of the day. But they were...lustful. And Steve didn’t follow things like that.
“I find that to be not likely. Through many years, and I should know. I’ve been alive for thousands, that there is always one, what you call, best friend. Stark is more of...intimate interest to you.” Thor said.
Steve nodded his head just as the door swung open. In came three men. Two of them were large overly muscled men obviously there to intimidate. The other man was tall and lanky. Black hair greased back, eyes a piercing blue. Skin was pale and the suit was finely pressed. But it was the ring on his right hand that tipped Tony off. Sliver band with a large letter H at the base.
“Alright, flowers, bad idea. I should’ve thought of something more romantic.” Steve said. “Tony, I’m trying to say, I like you and I want-”
He also started drinking. And it forced him to hire Pepper Potts because he couldn’t control his own life anymore. She had her work cut out for her.
He sat there so no one else had to see him die and maybe that was selfish. Maybe he could be out there finding a way to help Tony. But he couldn’t leave him, not after leaving him three weeks ago. He never wanted to leave the man's side ever again.
“This would be your floor. The living room and kitchen are small because I thought we should have a communal floor so we can do stuff together. I got you a queen size bed because you might have company. I don’t know what your into. There’s also some work out equipment here in case you want to do that alone instead of going to the gym in the tower...I also added a studio to your floor. You mentioned you liked drawing so I thought you’d enjoy having a space you can dirty up.” Tony said.
“Yes, but I don’t think we’ll be leaving the tower any time soon so we gotta wait on the date. You have to fix that reactor first.”
Rumlow gestured for Tony to walk with him. Tony gave Steve one last look before walking in line with Rumlow.
The call went straight to voicemail. His stomach dropped at this because his brain made him think she declined his call. Of course he knew there were other reasons why it would go straight to voicemail. He was a genius after all.
Tony looked up at Brock and smiled. It was small and forced and Tony knew there was no way it looked real. But Brock didn’t seem to notice. The grunts took Tony back to the room, shoving him in and shutting the door quickly behind him.
The hit came. It was hard and jarring and made Tony’s ears ring. He blinked his eyes open and found himself lying on the ground and the two hulking men looming over him. Did he just pass out from that little hit?
“Good because my mothers also named Maria so that would’ve been confusing.” Tony said. “Officer Hill, I know that you need to do this. Just give me a break. A few hours please. And I’ll tell you whatever you want.”
“My room here. I think we should reinforce the doors because of the Hulk but other than that it’s good.”
“I get it. Why trust Justin Hammer? Crazy. But I mean it. If he comes, tell him I warned you.” Justin said.
Howard seemed to snap out of his trance and look at his son with a determination Tony has never seen before. Or at least has never been directed towards him.
With six people living in a house it was bound to happen. Colds spread like wildfires. First was Natasha. She handled it well. One day in bed and after that she was up and ready to face the world again. Clint took a bit longer and was much more dramatic. He begged Bruce to make him soup and told Steve he had to watch movies with him. It lasted a few days, but everyone was tired by the end of the first. Bruce was next but it was just sniffles probably due to the gamma radiation. Thor wasn’t affected by such midgardian illnesses and Tony wishes Steve had any faults. But alas the man didn’t even get a sore throat.
The door creaked open and Rumlow entered with this grunts. Steve hasn’t seen Rumlow since he first woke up. He had that same snide smile as he did before.
His face was just millimeters apart. They’ve kissed in the past week. A lot. The both loved every moment of it.
Steve jerked awake. The slight pressure against his chest the whole night being removed and a rustling sound triggering his ears. He felt something grab his shoulders and yanked him from the bed. He blinked his eyes a few times, whisking away the blurriness.
“Yes yes. Very good soup. But still. Just soup.” Thor said. “On Asgard we do more grand gestures when we try to woo someone.”
He was rubbing the bridge of his nose. It would’ve been almost comical to see Steve trying to figure everything out if the situation wasn’t so serious.
Because Tony deflected instead of admitting to anything. He would never tell Steve why he made everything into a joke. It was just easier to push the man away than to explain the truth.
He moved over to Tony, laying a hand on the man's shoulder. Tony jerked back, turning away from Steve.
Clint, Natasha, Thor and Bruce all walked around the tower with concern. What do you do when both of them are in the wrong?
Clint for a moment was about to mention that he said five. As in Tony was including himself in the group. But there was something in the way the man stood right now that Clint thought it was better to not. They were a team and with each passing day Tony felt more like it and he wanted to keep it that way.
It was still deep enough to bleed. A lot. Cuts races around his whole wrist and Bruce had to pull the nano tech out of Tony’s wrist himself because they wouldn’t retract. If Bruce wasn’t so concerned he would’ve been fascinated at the state of Tony’s wrist. The nano tech slowly made its way into Tony’s arm by cutting thinly into the skin, little by little going deeper and deeper. Bruce had never anything like it before.
Tony laid still. Steve noticed he was shaking so he grabbed the blanket from the bed and put it on top of Tony.
Tony chuckled, laying himself down with Steve on the small hospital bed. He knew that things wouldn’t be easy after this. Possibly everything will actually be harder for the rest of their lives. But Steve wants him to be here and Tony will make sure that they’ll stay together this time. Even if it’s just friends. Tony needs to heal and he wants to do that with Steve.
“That really sucks because I don’t want you here. Go and tell Howard you failed. I want someone else.” Steve said.
It’s been one week. At least that was what Tony calculated based on the number of meals and rude awakenings that have happened. They didn’t match up but he guessed seven days would make the most sense. More than likely both their parents are talking to the authorities right now. Howard is refusing to pay and Maria and Sarah are freaking out at him. He’d seen Howard refuse to pay Tony for his blueprints on prosthetics for six months just because he asked for the money in cash instead of it going into his bank account. That was a small disagreement, he couldn’t even guess how long Howard could hold out on this.
Tony turned off the faucet and walked into the main room. Steve was laying on his back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling. His eyes were closed. Tony sat at the edge of the bed.
“I’m sure it’ll go over all of your guys heads but I’ll have Jarvis send a document explaining the detailed structure and how to change out the core if that must be done.” Tony said. “And I stress must because it really is an unpleasant operation all around.”
Tony felt light. It couldn’t be true? None of it should be possible. The science doesn’t add up. Tony would know. He’d spent countless hours trying to pin it all together.
“I’m a mess? Really? What a surprise not like I didn’t already know! You know what? You don’t care. You never cared. You doot around me since you moved in but I think it’s because your scared what it’s like to not have someone around. And I can’t be your false security blanket anymore. I don’t want to be lead on and frankly it’s pathetic Rogers. Grow up.” Tony said.
Tony wanted to call. But he didn’t feel like he had a right to. Steve has a better relationship with Howard than Tony ever would. And although Howard was getting better, it didn’t mean anything. Eighteen years of resenting his son and a few months of liking him would never add up to the years Steve and Howard shared.
A moment flicked in Steve’s eyes. Tony didn’t know what it was, but it was quickly replaced with anger.
He walked out of the room. Looking Tony up and down. Wishing that there was someway he could help him. But knowing all he could do now was wait.
“You?” She paused, squinting, “Like me?” She almost wants to ask if he like likes her but she’s not ready to revert to full playground mode.
It burned her to talk about Nika like that, but she could risk someone else dying so Toni could spread her sob story. Every single candidate had a tale to tell about the events that led them there, some much worse than hers.
Not a single relationship has lasted more than a month, besides one and Lucie died at seventeen. Her baby is somewhere in California so the whole state is off limits. And she loved California. Her parents are dead, but she didn’t even like them which just makes her feel worse. And then she was kidnapped and betrayed by her oldest family friend. Anyone would be theologically paranoid by now.
Overkill if you asked Toni. These women couldn’t hurt a fly if they wanted to. They were depressed, bitter, and hopeless, certainly not deserving of the extra security.
“It’s no matter now. The girls dead, the elimination was successful. However, this class has a rare case. There were two weak links at once.”
“That’s quite right.” Smiled Madame, and Toni's blood lit on fire. She couldn't save Nika now. All she could do was kill herself as well. Submit or be submitted. Kill or die.
The girls silently watched, as she slipped the shoes back into the black bag, she looked up at them, “Well? Get changed.”
Maximiliano Gómez was poisoned by his lover, and he was killed in Belgium in 1971. I came up with the idea of Toni beginning a fake affair and poisoning her lover before finding Maximiliano Gómez so I think it’s perfect! He was from the Dominican Rep. and the assassin was also killed, plus he was 28, so it doesn’t follow Gómez’s story at all, but I borrowed the name. I also used the date he was killed as the chapter date, but it’s also my other friend's birthday, I have a lot of friends born in May!
“I have a few reason.” She says, “So of which seem less valid now, but I don’t see how it’s stupid.”
“Stop joking alright.” Tania said seriously, “Either I die soon, or Eva dies soon and we have to fight to the death. It’s not going to be good. Everything’s going to change.”
The baby didn’t come quick, or easy. It was long pushes and hours and hours of pain. But the cry of a newborn silenced everyone in the room, before the nurse could speak Toni cried in Italian, “Non dirmi cos'è, non voglio saperlo.” Don’t tell me what it is. I don’t want to know.
Then there were the tabloids. After twenty years of no Starks to follow around, they were more than eager to say she was a drunk, or an addict, or a party girl. Or maybe she was cheating on Steve, with some supermodel or Olympic athlete.
Even though Toni didn’t think they were going to eliminate someone that day, the thought was lurking in the back of her head. What if they made her do it this time? She didn’t think she’d be able to go through with it.
And she was alone, nobody told her to enter but nobody told her not to. So she pushed the unusually heavy door open and walked into the room. Her first analysis was that it was really cold. Ironic.
“Ivana Yanev died unexpectedly early,” the cruel undertones didn’t escape Toni, unexpectedly early. The girl was not favored to be the final asset. “But thankfully Antonia Sobol was recovered shortly afterwards.”
“Toni.” He said nothing else, but his eyes were questioning everything. She realized he had absolutely no idea what had happened. He didn’t even know if he was a father. She wanted to cry, imagining going through what happened again. Would he blame her for killing their baby?
As if reading her mind, they squashed any hope of escaping, she pretended not to care about the surveillance, “What is my mission?”
“Well you found me.” Toni said, she grabbed her small bag and made out the door towards Nika, “Woah, where are you going?” She peers in the room, “What’re you doing here?”
She’s been surrounded by her classmates, girls in other classes, and the Instructors, all of whom are female. Rumors that there’s a male doctor in the infirmary have been spreading for years, but Toni’s made sure to avoid injury.
The girl is carrying a couple bags and a few more are behind her, She’s out of breath when she says, “Hi! I’m Lucette, which one of you is Antoinette?”
“Of course, the party is officially for a fantastic second quarter of the business year,” Manya says, “I’ll let you in on a little secret: They don’t usually hold balls for successful business seasons, but they’re always looking for beautiful women to marry off.”
“I always eat at six, judging by how hungry I am, I’ve missed two meals. The men wouldn’t let me speak English because I would draw attention, but I was allowed to speak Russian. From my knowledge of Russia, most settlements are big clusters of cities, or lone villages. And I’m mildly allergic to chloroform, it gives me a stomach ache.”
The operating room is cold and clean, she’s ignored for the most part, the nurses are busy and the doctors are washing their hands. She wants to run, and scream and yell at all of them, because if she loses this baby, she loses herself.
Most nights they talked about her, once the Instructors left them in the great big hall filled with beds, they all lay on their backs and whispered, gossiped. Not always about her, but usually someone would chime in with a comment on her hair, or some ‘totally weird’ thing she’d done in class that day.
“Who was it?” He said finally as a pause, “Did you have some secret relationship no one knows about or was it-”
“I had to. I let myself be controlled when I was a kid in order to survive. But I wasn’t a kid anymore. I forgot my mission, my purpose.”
Tania grunted as she tried to refocus, and Toni swept her legs down in one fell swoop. She fell to the ground, landing on her arm splayed out.
The girls go quiet again, only Lara continues to wail and break the restraints on her arms. She begins to apologize and beg for a chance.
“What’s the body count at now?” Klara said as she slouched into the hall, “I heard you enjoy eating blood, is that true?”
Steve pauses for a minute, and Toni is subconsciously arguing about whether or not she should try and make conversation, or let him do it.
Will she find an opportunity to escape? What is the point of the mission anyways, and does she even want to know
I've been trying to get in touch with user EQfan74, if you know them or have can contact them, please send them my way.
He walked into her lab one day, uninvited might she add, and looked at the sheild, “Is this for me?” he asked,
She returned to the sleeping quarters, and ignored the whispered concerns of the girls around her. Even candidates from other classes were watching her get into bed and lock the handcuff around her wrist.
With a slap to the shoulder and a sweep of the calf, Petra fell to her knees. Toni quickly kneed her in the back, and she fell to the ground with a thud.
She’s inherited Stark Industries on her twenty first birthday, and Uncle Obie seemed fake happy for her, which was nice.
Howard nodded, and they gathered the papers, and the group started upstairs, Toni started to walk with them when Howard turned around, “It’s still guys night Antoinette. We’re just going to fix all the bugs in that gun and play poker, it’d just bore you.”
She only curls her fingers and her toes in anger and frustration. The hill's too steep and long for a getaway, and they know it. No one holds her down anymore, they’ve already caged her in.
“She’s not my daughter. OK? Not really, I just gave birth to her a decade ago and haven’t had any contact up until an hour ago.”
“Oh good, I was hoping you’d say that.” She pressed a small button on the corner of the desk, and two men entered the room behind her.
“911, what’s your emergency?” A polite clipped voice said finally. Toni couldn’t talk, so she just gasped into the phone hoping the operator would hear her.
She missed one or two meals a day, spending her minimal off time in an empty classroom doing crunches and pushups. Despite being relatively small, at only eleven and surrounded by fourteen year olds, she had considerable muscle mass at this point.
But mostly she remembered Madame when they’d first met. She was younger, happier, and over the years she’d refined her methods of cruelty and manipulation, and used it on younger candidates more times than Toni could count.
If it’s a good story Toni doesn’t know, she only focuses on getting the word out and making sure Tania’s breath doesn’t dip too low.
When Tania cornered her, she faked left and tried to run, but Tania snagged her wrist, pulling at the bruises circling it and whipping her down to the floor.
“Darling, I’m sure she knew she was safe with us, and felt comfortable.” Madame starts down the hall,
She shouldn’t have told her that, but Toni had always been a proud little girl, Madame must’ve seen it in her.
“Yup, you’re about five weeks along now.” The doctor said cheerfully, ignoring Toni’s current situation. But she expected nothing less, this doctor had already pumped her stomach twice, and given her an IV to sober her quickly a few times, she found it fitting when all of the consequences to her actions came to a head.
They woke up late that night, most people had left, those who hadn’t did their best to that afternoon.
Toni blinked, they weren’t supposed to talk about life before the Red Room. Maybe she was just forcing out a detailed response, because she knew Toni’s Russian accent was no good. Perhaps she wanted to expose that she wasn’t Russian at all, and isolate her even more.
Tania’s pauses a moment, then starts to say something else, when Madame walks in followed by a pack of Instructors.
“No I’m serious. I live like a block away. Pep and Rhodey are going home after this. They won’t expect me. I’m sober so I can’t offer you any booze but I’ve got like a case of sprite and redbull.”
Toni adjusts the grip on her gun slightly, but he notices, “Bingo. I haven’t seen one of you before, besides Ms. Romanov of course. They usually keep you on a tight leash. Can’t remember any runaways in the last twenty years.”
“Oh but she would.” She walked towards Nika, who’s eyes were huge and pleading, “She says we wiped your memory. That your name isn’t Antonia Sobol.”
But Toni didn’t have that. Howard and Maria would judge her for the rest of her life, Ronnie didn’t seem like the fatherly type, not to mention he was legal and she wasn’t so their whole relationship created problems by it own, and she had Tera but Tera had been a drinking buddy, not a co-parent or support system. In the end she knew if she did this, she’d do it alone. But the print finally worked, and on her way out the doctor handed her a picture of her baby. And her decision was made.
“Stark’s no better. You know that shit she said about that reporter, he got fired! He was just doing his job, not his fault she couldn’t take a joke.”
“I know this place.” Toni shoots up, holding the document, “It’s a private building owned by a couple of dozen shell corporations, to hide the fact it’s operated by SHIELD, or should I say HYDRA.”
July 12th came and went with no fuss at all. She allowed herself ten minutes to look at the small box in her attic filled with tiny toys, onesies, and ultrasounds.
“I’m not a prisoner,” The girl said, “I’ve been kidnapped, I’m a kidnappee. Prisoners deserve their sentence, they commit crimes.”
Manya strode towards her and grabbed her wrist, “You’re fine. You didn’t assume anything, I shouldn’t have left the party. Are you ok to go back?”
She heard someone cry out from the hallway, and saw Eva slowly walked to the doorframe, sharply gasp and run into the hall. If she cranked her neck back, she could see her holding something in her arms, but more importantly, she could see the rifle she had, laying on the ground behind her.
“Let’s all go to sleep, maybe we’ll try again in the morning.” Bruce said, turning her away from Steve, but she turned around to see Clint and Natasha are  taking the elevator up their respective floors, and Steve turns around to look at her.
“I knew she was familiar. All the cuts and bruises made it harder to see, but that’s Toni Stark. Call her offices, look for that Potts woman she’s always running around with.”
She woke up with a start, completely wet. Two girls stood in front of her, probably about fourteen, but their expressions, and wide eyes made them look younger. Between them sat a large grey pot.
“Hey there,” one of the two newscasters sitting at a large white desk said, he was stocky but handsome and his grin never seemed to fade, his partner at the desk was a woman, just as pretty but her smile seemed genuine,
“The Red Room was contacted by an organization that helps finance the program, and in turn we provided fully fledged assets for their use. However, they require someone right now, and all available assets are otherwise in use, so we offered the best of one of our older classes, the winner of tonight's competition.”
“That’s a shitty plan. Our advantage is that we know exactly what’s going to happen. We know their final play. Maybe they try to pit us against each other at the last minute, maybe they say kill each other or you both die, but we can call them on their bluff.”
“While you’ve already built up a reputation.” She stepped out from behind her desk, and stood directly to the side of Toni, she craned her neck up at her.
“You can’t refuse responsibility for your actions Captain.” She said, “You’ve been clinging to things to keep afloat. Me, the past, the team. Time to swim.”
She’d been having a good day, a good week even, which was a rare commodity. Howard sent her a note congratulating her on being on the dean's list, and Toni knew it was only because Maria caught him with her new mistress, and wanted some good will with his daughter, but she didn’t care.
Toni paused, confused and Tania continued, “Ivana didn’t die from an accident. Madame had her killed two days before you got here.”
Pepper, (her new assistant), saved her. She should’ve been able to take him, but the reactor left her weak. Weaker than she’d ever been before.
The candidates stood from their chairs and approached her, lining up one by one with their hands placed on the small of their backs, Eva shifted away from Toni unnaturally, and stiffened whenever she got too close.
He nodded, and gathered up the rest of the letters, handing them to her in a stack. “Thanks.” She replied, paused a moment, still sitting in the middle of the hallway before Amanda started laughing.
Toni pitied her, she was a pretty thing. Probably fourteen, maybe fifteen. The rest of the prisoners, besides Toni, were in their late fifties.
When she finally let go and stopped, Toni was breathless, “But..but isn’t that illegal? I’m underage.”
The room she and Eva had been locked in for an hour was familiar, and she only realized at that moment it was the same room she’d been dragged into numerous times before.
As they waited for the chopper, Eva stood near the door silently. She hadn’t looked at either of them since they left the small room with Madame.
She took the papper in her hands and in the corner. A small memorial peice mentions driver, Edwin Jarvis also persihed in the crash. He was a foot note in the story or Maria and Howard. He barley got two inches.
She finally had to leave after a week on staying put, throwing on her loosest dress and maybe she looked pregnant or a little fat, but no one knew who she was so she walked down the Italian streets with pride.
“Hello? My mom told me to call this number in case of emergency, and both my parents just...crumbled to dust. I need help. This is an emergency. Oh this is Maia Peterson, whoever this is can you please come quick. I’m scared.”
Annie walked into school that day normally as she did every other day, but when she got to the classroom she beelined for the girl in the back’s desk, “What’s your name?”
Madame steps closer, and Toni begins to plead again. Madame stops her with a swift jab towards Katya, Toni doesn’t see the small blade in her hand it it’s on her side again, dripping with blood.
The kids on the playground were cruel. That is the first lesson Antoinette ever learned at school. Other children might have learned their colors, or days of the week, but they didn’t start Kindergarten two years ahead, and they didn’t wait until May to join the class. She’s had to wait till May, because the school refused to have a two year old enrolled in preschool, and her birthday was very unfortunately late in the year. So maybe if she had started school with everyone else, she’d have some friends by now, because she wasn’t necessarily smaller than the other kids, and she certainly wasn’t stupider, she was just different, like a variable thrown in at the last minute. So Antoinette could understand why the kids didn’t really talk to her, or let her play, but she still didn’t appreciate it.
She subconsciously brushes her stomach, but plays it off as an itch before he notices. She’d not going to trap him with her because of this baby. She wants him to want to be with her.
“Kozlov will not be in charge of your roll call from now on. I will do it today, and perhaps tomorrow, then a new Instructor will be assigned.”
She watched him silently from the bathroom as he stumbled through the room, almost tripping on boxes and towels on the ground. He made his way to the bed, and just like she’d predicted he looked about ready to flop down and sleep.
The mansion was glowing. Reed must be away for the weekend, but Toni hoped he was away for the month, otherwise his son would never get this place clean in time. Filled with drunk people, who always seemed to cling to walls and doorways making travel hard, Toni realized she was much too sober to be there. Her fix was downing 6 full cups of whatever beer they were serving and actually earning a round of applause.
When the other girls struggled to stay on their toes in ballet class, Toni’s calf muscles never wavered. She could stretch, and bend, like she’d never been able to before.
She’d arrived at the school late that afternoon, around five, and when she left Sasha and Van’s room at eight she dreaded the reaction to her real identity, let alone the next three years she’d have to spend with them.
“Madame!” Katya says, “Please, I haven’t done anything wrong! She disobeyed your orders, she’s the weak one!”
Toni had no idea if they were right. Maybe she was a lesbian, to be fair she did kiss a girl. But if she was a lesbian, why was she hurt or offended when someone called her a lesbian? If she was attracted to girls it shouldn’t insult her right? Rhodey assured her earlier that week that it was ok to be offended, because her classmates weren’t exactly celebrating her sexuality, they were demonizing it.
There stood a large mansion looking house, made of a grey brick it seemed like there was more of it, that hadn’t stood the test of time.
After breakfast, they silently led the twelve girls down the narrow hallways, past the doors, they were usually told to stop at. The girls in the front of the line paused at them a moment, before continuing with the Instructor.
They were given an unfamiliar change of clothes, black pants, a plain blue shirt and a thick jacket. Plus a backpack filled with supplies, like food and water. Enough to last at least a week, maybe more.
“Both. Neither.” She grinned, “By the way, isn’t this my kitchen? And don’t both you have, your own?”
“Let’s not bother her right now, it’s pretty out, let’s go outside.” Francesca held her hand out to Antoinette and she stared at it for a moment, before taking it and walking to the back of the house with her.
Instead, she sat up straight and looked around, they seemed to be going through a small village. She could see women wearing handmade dresses, and others wearing jeans, it was like a bad decade party. “Where am I?” She asked,
“Jason!” Carly exclaimed giving him a playful tap, she shook her head, “but it’s true, multi-billionaire accompanied the actress to the show, and the the party afterwards, despite the fact his wife Maria and young daughter were also there.”
“You? Oh no, there’s been a misunderstanding. I meant my performance. I think I really sold it. You were alright too, though.” He said, leaning down for a kiss.
She went to eight classes everyday, learning everything from astrophysics to studying literature, to learning two languages at once. The other girls were behind her, and they hated her for it. Everyone knew and spoke English, her Instructors told her it was the ‘universal language’ and next year they would work on perfecting their American, British and Australian accents.
The first time they met face to face, he screamed about something unimportant. His face flared red, and his eyes squinted like little bugs. She hated him.
Toni’s mouth went completely dry, was this a trap? Was she lured here to be laughed at then kicked out to her boring dull room.
She hangs up soon after promising to be there within the hour. She’s considering just flying her helicopter.
Maybe it’s for the best she doesn’t have a relationship when she starts college, now she can focus on the robot she’s bulding. If asked the purpose of robot, it’s for daily life assitance, but it in the very first beta stages of design. If why she built it, it’s because she wanted to build a fucking robot.
Her trip to NYC isn’t any fun at all. Pepper can’t go of course, she has a job. And who else would Toni go with. She’s getting text alerts every few minutes though, which keep her company and make her concern grown even more.
At twenty three years old, even though she doesn’t believe in god, Toni thinks whomever is pulling the strings up there has it out for her.
“I don’t remember my home.” She said, in a poor accent, it sounded like a bad parody of a Russian accent. The girls on either side of her turn to look at each other.
Toni sighs, and pulls the mask from her face, Pierce starts to turn but she steps closer and rests the but of the gun on his back. “I’ll bet you look just like your father. I’ve heard your just as smart as him.”
Madame always talked about death like others talked about lunch. Maybe we can talk about it after lunch Suzanne? Or how about after these young women kill each other, would after their deaths be a good time for you?
She was right. Poison was very difficult, too much and it’s suspicious, too little and there’s no effect.
She walks out of the room as an agent walks in, and starts escorting her out, “I think I upset her.”
“I shot Nika in the head with a pistol point blank. She was tied up in a chair. Defenseless. I killed her. No one made me. I just hate liars.” The hot tears on Toni’s eyes surprised her, she thought they would take longer to return.
“I’d like you to show me what’ve you’ve learned from me so far. The first girl to go on Pointe will probably be victorious today.”
“With the gun, before I disarmed him.” She points to her hip, bleeding profusely and he bends down to hold pressure, they need help. But it’s too quiet all of a sudden.
“Hey!” She cried, “Let me go!” They lifted her up and started to move. She couldn’t see much since the sun was right in her eyes, but she could smell freshly cut grass and gasoline. Finally, as she stoped squirming, she could make out a long stretch of road ahead of her, a landing strip she thought to herself.
She develops a headache only moments after she steps inside the Red Room mansion. She’s alone, it being late at night, but the familiar hallways and doors make her sick already.
Eva and Tania got off first, and Toni followed, they all silently chose different directions. In their hands were firearms and assault rifles. They all wait for the horn to sound, a small hut sits in the clearing where the helicopter landed, smack dab in the middle of the forest. A little speaker is attached to it to broadcast the horn.
Before he could react, she jerked her elbow to her nose, and wrapped the long chain between her handcuffs around the second guard.
“I’ve played this game before, Shvets,” Toni said, stepping closer so the barrel of her gun was flat against Eva’s head.
It was heavy and quick the first time, but as they went it got slower and longer, she didn’t mind. Halfway through their third time he whispered, “Should we have used a condom?”
“Victim?” Toni said, “It’s half a mug of spilled coffee and some bread crumbs! There isn’t a victim here! This literally does not matter!”
She tried not to imagine exactly what she’d do to the rude men if she could. In between her fantastical beat downs, she could see Mila in the hallway, bleeding out. Eva was screaming at her and her ears felt like they were going to explode but she couldn’t get away. She could see a rifle in her arm, pointed at Mila and warm as if she’d just fired.
He saw a doctor, she pretended to cry. Why was the world taking away her one good thing? She pleaded with him, and slept with him that night. But soon the urge to have sex would go too.
Inside the large mansion, girls filter in and out the doors. It almost looks like a boarding school, they’re all wearing uniforms, and a few carry books, but the image is ruined by the details. Most of them look like they’ve been crying, a few have bruises up and down their limbs, and all of them have an angry red mark around their left hand.
“OK.” He says getting up, then helping her. “Come back. We’ll talk. I don’t want secrets, I don’t want us to crack.”
Maria told her a week after it happened, Toni doesn’t know why. Maybe she couldn’t bring herself to do it, maybe she forgot. It doesn’t matter. She didn’t offer much as comfort, just a stiff hug and quiet condolences, but Howard was clear that Toni would not being going to the funeral, and wouldn’t even disclose how she died.
Zma gave her an amused look, but shook her head, “I appreciate the enthusiasm, but I’ve explained the rules many times. One knock down is all that is required to win a match at this time. Multiple rounds of fighting will be introduced later, I promise.”
Toni had never been good at hiding, she was fighting the urge to abandon her cover, wrap her arms around her legs, scoot to the nearest corner and die, but some deep seeded survival instinct kept her firmly behind the table.
“I don’t know. They sent me a folder with the information but its’ a closed adoption. I didn’t look.”
So she started prenatal care, and planned. Most teenage girls who fall pregnant are overwhelmed, but Toni squashed her feelings and figured out how to do this with no one ever finding out. She first made Tera and her doctor sign non-disclosure agreements, then her lawyer, then she pushed back her summer vacation to Italy a few months so that she’d leave around five months, when she started showing. Nobody in Italy really knew her and if she kept her head down, she could certainly avoid the press. Maria and Howard said nothing about her plan changes, not suspecting anything. And suddenly Toni was alone, but not alone because her baby kept her silent company.
She wanted to ask what it was, and where she was going, but the grim faces of the suits told her silence was her best bet.
Nika’s death was a form of torture, as was the stress of being eliminated and being forced to eliminate their friends and classmates. The way that Katya was killed, and how they used it against Toni, forcing her to ‘mercy kill’ Petra is a subtler form of torture too, making it Toni’s fault at least in her mind, and making her classmates think she’s crazy and likes killing people.
“Maybe.” She says, “Or maybe they’ll assume your body was burned away along with your parents in the terrible car accident, that resulted in a huge fire engulfing the car.”
They could tell when Steve and Sam’s assault on the helicarriers began, the gunfire and missiles coming from outside tipped them off. Unfortunately, they had to sit through Pierce’s entire evil villainous speech before he finally gave them an opportunity.
An agent walks in with two handfuls of manilla folders, plops them down on the desk and says, “This is what you missed Captain Rogers.”
She tells him about Peggy, Aunt Peggy to Toni, who is at a home not far away but is losing a battle to alzheimer's.
“Oh, I think you left your TV on, by the way,” Amanda said turning towards him, before starting down the hall again.
“Well, my parents are still dead!” Toni cries out, “Him being some sick puppet of HYDRA doesn’t make them any less dead, ok?”
“Pretty sure I don’t. Because if it weren't for you, I wouldn’t have had such a damn hard time finding you.”
“No.” She said, heaving herself up to stand, ripping the IV out of her hand, “I don’t have any coordinates for you. I didn’t collect anything, or note anything. I failed.”
The last few stragglers in the back of the bar, slowly make their way to the door, and then it’s just the two of them at the bar.
She opened her eyes and felt awake for the first time. Torn between being exhausted by the crash and exhilarated by adrenaline she clumsily clawed at her seat buckle, while calling, “Mom? Mommy?”
“I suppose not.” Toni said, her voice almost cracked. Her whole body was urging her to run, but where would she go? She’d not been let out of this prison of a mansion since she got here.
One of them gets in the back with her, and she slides her back against the walls of the car. He has a handcuff, and before she can pull away, he snaps it shut around her wrist, and drags her to the side of the van where a little metal ring sticks out of the wall. He hops out of the back once she's secured to the wall, and starts to shut the door. Her voice is so hoarse at that point she barely screeches when the doors slam shut.
She felt herself be picked up and put down over and over. She was being rolled over, looked over, poked and prodded.
“I just don’t think it’s fair for you to take them all,” She leaned in and whispered dramatically, but her entourage of younger girls, and the candidates that crowded around her could certainly hear, “Especially with you being so unhinged.”
The dress that evening sat on her well, and her curly hair magically had volume, thanks to a very dedicated hair stylist. She looked much older than she was, fifteen or sixteen or even older. But this is what they wanted, they did this on purpose.
She got there just in time to see Tania sitting on top of Klara, choking her to death, her legs gave one more pathetic jerk before her whole body stilled. Tania rose from the mat and stood next to Eva, who let one tear slip down her cheek before she quickly wiped it away.
“There’s not a better way.” Toni said. She’d known where this was going since she saw Nika in the chair, she’d just been afraid. But she has to live. She had to.
The teacher soon joined them, and asked what was going on, and Antoinette didn’t argue when they said she’d stolen their ball and punched Holly in the nose unprovoked, because with a crowd of fake witnesses she didn’t stand a chance. The teacher was surprised to say the least, she’s always known Antoinette was anti-social but never violent. She had someone help Holly to the nurse and took Antoinette to the principal's office, where she was quickly expelled.
The girl, Eva Shvets, wouldn’t have to wait much longer. In mere minutes, she’d kick the right box out of the way and see a stray hand or leg, and promptly fill Toni’s body with bullets.
“Antonia Sobol. Daughter of Henrik and Marzia Sobol, who recently lost their jobs and sold two of their daughters to the Nazran Olive House. To be slaves, whores.”
“Unimportant like your name?” Natasha folds her arms across her chest slowly, “What is important to you exactly?”
It’s been two years since Howard, Maria, and Jarvis died. She’s supposed to speak at their two year anniversary memorial but she can’t think of anything to write about them. The day arrives quickly, she thinks it snuck up. Soon enough she’s lightly holding Rhodey’s hand as she walks up the staircase in a black dress. Surrounded by her parents friends, she doesnt fit in. She’s isn’t glamorous, or classy. Sure she’s pretty, but if she put more time and effort in she could be prettier. Maria almost got her into modeling as a child, but then Howard dated a model, and then model meant slut.
It’s not long till she can’t hear the helicopter anymore and she’s alone in the field. She enjoys the quiet, and the warmth of the sun. Even when she was training in secret she could hear girls in classes, or sparring sessions only hallways away, or upstairs. She’d forgotten the tranquility of truly being alone.
“I mean, if Eva dies in this trial, it’ll be you and me in the final. But we’re not killing each other.”
She, despite apperences, was ready to curl up and die. She gifted Rhodey a suit very subtly so he didn’t suspect a thing. She had copies of tech plans and JARVIS’s access code for Bruce. A modified armor for Nat, heet seaking arrows for Clint, chest plates that reflect bullets for Thor ,and even a refinished sheild with a more accseible grip in the back, for Rogers.
“What do you mean you won’t be the last candidate Nika?” Toni said finally, “You’re amazing in class. Maybe you aren’t the best at sparring right now, but there’s only room for improvement.”
The Avengers call was unexpected, she didn’t think there was much of a team left. Most of them were missing or on the run. But a little message gave her coordinates for an abandoned building in New York, and one word: Assemble.
“Please.” Toni said, making eye contact with Madame, and momentarily ignoring Katya, who slowly stopped moving, “I’ll do whatever you want, but you can still save her. She’s innocent.”
To be honest she’s glad SHIELD took him, they probably have a better idea how to rehabilitate a seventy year old war veteran than anyone else, and she doesn't trust herself to let him die of hypothermia out of spite.
It’s not long till they find the same window they met at, Manya doesn’t ask her if she wants to return to the party, “Do you want to see where I’m staying?”
“So a fake death? Nice, classic. Let’s see, Filippov was in 99’, Krupin in 02’, then Sobol right after.” He paused, “It’s not Sobol, is it? Lucifer herself?”
It was the last day, and it would have been perfect. Rhodey arrived that afternoon to take her away, she’d thought for the last time, but Maria had other plans. She packed her bags in silence, and met Rhodey at the exit of the school.
Eva shifts uncomfortably in her seat, not making eye contact with anyone, but scanning the room for armed Instructors.
She’d arrived back at the mansion covered in bruises and cuts, and was sent to the infirmary for weeks, only arriving back with a crutch and a bad attitude.
Eva is running towards the forest backwards with her gun cocked on her shoulder shooting aimlessly at the other two.
The ride was silent, she got through security quickly with fake IDs and passports, and only a small backpack to carry.
Suddenly her eyes land on the only table not crowded with metal tools, on it lies a few yellow folders, stuffed with papers. She picks up the one on top and considers opening it, before she places it neatly back on the stack.
But she didn’t, she sneered at Toni in the hallways and called her everything but Toni, Annie Anna, Netti, Antoinette. Every name had a sting to it.
“Well it’s illegal to be gay in most countries, we could get you kicked out of school for attacking Lucie in sixth grade.”
Rogers had really been trying to acclumate to modern day, but at ‘he or she’ his face twitched, she saw it. Whatever. It’s fine. It’s. Fine.
Toni sighed, “It’s fine. It would have come out anyways. I’m sorry I was a bitch to you at first. No one deserves to be treated like that Lucette.”
A small circle of blood mixed with dirt is growing around her torso, Toni ducks to her side, “Tania! Tania are you ok?”
The first punch was thrown, and Toni tasted blood, she spit out the slimy mixture and took a deep breath before going in for her own offense.
He must’ve mistook her widened eyes for panic at losing her job, rather than fear of being caught. He heard her silence as evidence that she couldn’t leave, he took the opportunity to press his lips to hers, stilling holding her arm tightly.
Her stomach dropped with every title she’d seemingly earned for herself over the years. All the work she was expected to do for who knows how long.
She blamed Toni for taking all the missions, and Toni wants to scream that she doesn’t want them, but they’ve created an image, a persona for her, and it’s going to take more than a heart to heart to break it.
“Everyone! The girl at school, the freaking MTV host, probably more. They said I was wearing a flaming red potato sack.”
She was weak, and hurt. She grimaced at the faces of her friends when they saw her. She felt smaller than ever before.
“солдат. что это?” Toni blinks in surprise. Soldier? The man must be with him, she decided. And he was confused.
Toni doesn’t say anything when the Captain hightails it out of SHIELD shitty remake stage, she sure thinks a lot of things, but says nothing. Coulson sends her a sideways glance and she counts it as a silent victory.
“Ms. Stark.” She looks up, the mirror across the room, she sees her reflection. Her hair is matted to the sides of her head, and little white strips of paper cover cuts across her cheeks. Her eyes are bloodshot, and wild.
She realizes she’s forgotten her mission. The soldier is still out there. He could be close. And she couldn’t take him out under Hydra’s thumb. She had to go somewhere Hydra didn’t like to go. Where the KGB couldn’t track her down.
Huge windows stood opposite them, letting in magnificent natural light from the rising sun over the mountain tops. All across the perimeter of the room were wooden bars fastened to the walls, a few propped up bars on wheels sat in the corner. And behind them was a full length mirror, covering everything but the last foot of the wall where the door was.
Some people might see her giving everyone a floor an act of generosity but really she’s making it so they have no excuse for going on her floor.
This chapter has graphic scenes that may be triggering to some, if you'd like to skip but want the plot see end chapter notes.
But now Eva was on the other side so Tania and Toni were their biggest competition, their biggest threat.
“You choose one. I can’t decided.” Toni shields her eyes dramatically, turning away from the red dresses and her disapproving mother.
The rest of the Avengers live in the tower, which used to named after her because she designed, funded and physcially built it but since four other people hauled ass for two hours now it’s everyones. Sharing is caring, but Toni couldn’t care less so she doesn’t know why she’s sharing.
Brynn was beautiful without trying. Not like Toni who wasn’t bad looking but as previously mentioned, could look better.
The last time Toni was speeding down a highway, she was high, drunk, and fucked up in seven other ways. Now she was just situationally fucked.
“So you’d follow me. And so I could set us both up to be taken for execution, I knew the guards would want to take a pit stop on the way with you, so I need us to go at once.”
“You are so smart and I know you know that, I know you think because you’re light years ahead of these kids mathematically or scientifically you can never be friends with them or you can never socially interact but it’s just not true. You have your parents' personalities too, not just their brains. Your dad’s wit, your moms charisma, just because you’ve had bad experiences doesn’t mean you should ever, ever let them define you.”
“I’ve left you a change of clothes on the table to the far left, be quick and come this way when you’re done.” She turns on her heel, and leaves Antonia in the room.
There are five pools of girls in schooling at the moment, all training to be that last girl standing, the one who gets a code name, missions, and most importantly: freedom.
It was a simple process really, they take a little blood. Painless. It’s at the end, when the doctor tells her she’s all set to go home, and walks into the next room, smiling widely, and says, “Ok Maia!” Less painless.
“I am so sorry about your loss.” He says, leaning forward slightly, “To be honest I didn’t think he’d ever settle down.”
“No. They were all killed in the crash, and police found no ties to known terror groups. They were just crazy. Probably weren’t even targeting me.”
As if a message was sent to all the eligible Russian bachelors, the party was filled with young men. They’d been told she was twenty-five, had been schooled alone then sent to a western university only to return to her home to secure a successor for her fortune.
She left a week after he died, there weren’t any more tears left in her whole body, they’d all been cried out at his funeral. All of them fake.
It wasn’t until late the night she returned that she went through her phone, which had gone through some trauma but was salvageable, she had thirty two new messages, so she clicked on the first one.
So she packed her things, ditched the bong and even wore something fancy to Christmas Eve with Howard and Maria Stark, she honestly didn’t know why she expected it to go differently than every other Christmas Eve.
Where the Red Room was dark, and imposing, the Velyka Zhytomyrska Hotel was sleek and futuristic, both buildings made Toni uneasy.
Maybe she’d stop drinking all together, as long as she was being told to, or forced too, she wasn’t giving up any power. And it felt pretty shitty to be drunk or hungover all the time.
“It’s a fair question!” He called after her down the hallway, “The timeline barely adds up, and your not exactly known for being faithful, so excuse me for making sure-”
She hadn’t been in NYC Children’s Center in awhile, since a ribbon cutting ceremony in the nineties.
The time they spent waiting around for Thanos to show was insane, then Quill couldn’t block his feelings for thirty fucking seconds, and got all of them dusted. Or most of them dusted. She and blue chick survived. Parker didn’t which was her fault, she dragged him into this. Into all this shit. His ashes were still staining her hands, as the alien helped her onto her aircraft.
“I promise you I didn’t. I was hiding and I heard the gun. Eva had abandoned her weapon in the hall so I marched her to an exit and told them Mila was dead. I don’t know what happened to her, I honestly thought it was you.”
She didn’t want to be hurt that Steve apparently didn’t trust her. But it stung. Yeah, she followed him for a few weeks but it wasn’t personal or anything. She didn’t know him yet. Maybe she needed to work on her people skills.
It doesn’t hurt at first. She feels a slight buzz at the top of her head, on the tips of her ears and fingers. Then the buzzing turns to a burning and a pounding. She screams in anguish and looks up to see one woman standing in front of her smiling.
“She’s kinda got a vendetta. Revenge is a powerful motivator, I mean I’m still pissed at the Instructor who brought me in.”
Sasha’s face was a mix between shocked and seething, she stumbled for words and by the time found them, Toni and Rhodey were already on their train.
He didn’t know if he was making sure it hadn’t fallen out, or if he was making sure he hadn’t imagined Fury give it to him in the first place.
That day she went home, Jarvis was cleaning, Maria was in Turks and Caicos on a post awards season vacation and Father was in the basement working. So Annie turned on the TV and went to one of the channels that spent a week after the awards shows talking about what happened. They usually bored her, but she need to be prepared if anyone brought it up again.
