I stand like that for a few seconds and a few more, just staring at him, when I feel something sharp poking at my kidney, and a familiar voice says: "Freeze."
Tony: And I don't mean it in a mean way.
A giddy excitement danced in Steve's belly. He'd been angry himself just moments before, affronted at Tony's excessive reaction in the ballroom, but his outrage was hopelessly entangled with arousal, like it had been for years. And now, as he felt Tony's hands all over him, the push of Tony's body against him, the whole emotional mess surged up, boiled over, turning into a wild, dark delight that trumped everything else. Because Tony wanted him, Tony
The shit kept happening. The shit was, patently, quite stubborn.
Tony: Is everyone okay? You're asking me weird things.
, he thought and shrugged defiantly.
It was the next morning. This time around Tony recruited both Jessicas, Luke, Bruce and Quentin Quint (whom no one liked much, so mostly everyone referred to him by his full name, even though there were hardly two Quint's to be found in the remnant of the fleet, let alone two Quentins). All of them, plus Sam, who seemed to be their senior buddy that morning, were circling the tech deck at a moderate-to-very-decent pace. They were all getting better, fitter, faster. Tony wondered what the prank would be this morning, when the creeping smell of –
Tony missed Rhodey. Missed the familiarity and easy companionship of many years. Bruce could be almost equally sarcastic, though – just as obstinate and infuriating, as well, when you got past the mild surface; that was one of the reasons Tony liked him.
After all, they were friends, weren't they? There was no reason not to share a gentle moment after sex, right? Some people were like that. Tony never was, unless he was in love. But now, all he wanted was to sink into the warm darkness of Steve's touch, let himself be held, lean his head against Steve's shoulder. He turned his face up, questing for a kiss, and while the rational part of him whispered urgently:
"What did he mean I was just bait?" he asked again, once they were at the top of the stairs and they stopped to rest for a minute. Although Tony could guess the answer by now, he had to ask, wanted to hear it from Steve.
). Steve sleeping – that had been more of a sensation, a color, a smell (it made no sense!). The drawing itself, however – Tony remembered the drawing in glaringly vivid details.
, because he was boiling on the inside, because, try as he might, he couldn't distance himself from this.
, which was way weirder. These two sets of events may have been causally connected, or not; he didn't have any real data to go on.
"No." Steve's shoulder sag a bit. "Neither do I."
I planted myself in front of him. I took him by the elbows, gently, looked down into his face (God, I loved his face so much). "Tony," I said, as levelly as I could. "I'm here because you're here. That's all. I want to spend my life with you, if you want. I'm not going to leave because we're fighting. People fight. We..."
Dammit, he
The partly frozen lake sped away under him. He could barely see for the blizzard. What he heard before anything else was howling and keening in the wind, an eerie, alarmed animal sound. Perhaps he was imagining it, but it sounded brim-filled with panic. He spotted the wolf next, nervous or in pain, tail curled between its hind legs, ears flattened back; it appeared to be circling a hole in the ice from a distance. Only then did Tony see a head above the water – a human head and two hands examining the ice at the edge of the hole. Tony swore under his breath and sped towards the person.
Tony: Don't.
Pushing away and forgetting, that was his shtick anyway. So, maybe it felt a little bit like cutting off his own hand, so what. He could do that.
In the diner, the air was warm and smelled of cinnamon and apples and perpetually recycled frying oil. It was a most holiday-like mixture. There were no eyeballs and hooves in sight. The diner was otherwise empty. They sat down.
He let me slip the ring onto his finger, but he barely waited for me to be done. He grabbed the other one and let his eyebrows dance at me for a moment. "Steve, " he said. "Do you take me as your husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, blah blah, I don't really remember this part, in sickness and in health, until death do us part?"
It came out of nowhere while Tony was rattling around the compound. A text. After almost three months of no contact whatsoever.
"You actually showed up." Tony is not moving away from the door, he just stands there, like a door post, like a statue. Looking at Steve. Maybe. (All Steve can say is that the front of the helmet is turned in his direction. The eye-slits are shiny.) Then: "I wasn't sure if we were actually playing chicken or what."
Steve looked disappointed, and it almost broke Tony's resolution.
Tony: I just can't manage to have a philosophical discussion about the nature of democracy and its beautiful imperfections while my head is killing me like this.
Tony: And now I'm all awake again.
"I can't do this," I said.
"That's Leo Fitz? He's fine."
"If you think I'm letting you back out to go chase White Fang  around the fucking snow-globe, think again," Tony said. They were still standing very close to each other.
, now. So he turned all the way to Steve (who had somehow managed to go from happy to worried and haunted in a matter of seconds). Kiss or words, kiss or words? No matter how much he longed to touch those lips with his own... And oh god, a hug like the one before, but with kissing;
He stepped back. Took one hard breath, then another. It was too dark, and he couldn't see Steve's face very well, and he... Well, apology was beyond him. All the
Weeks passed. Wherever he turned, he saw his post-its (multiplying around him like the glasses and bottles in that dream, for fuck's sake).
All Tony could do was lean his forehead against Steve's shoulder and concentrate on the feeling of Steve against him and try to stay on his feet as the scorching tide rose ever-higher. Tony came first, but Steve was finished in the next few seconds. Altogether it took less than eight minutes, and then they were holding each other and panting and pretending their clothes wasn't all sperm-sprinkled.
the touch of Steve’s hand, but still, Tony knew that a stroke or two would end him. And while he wanted it desperately, he still
Tony: Good nigh, Steve.
Tony: Bruce left.
Tony met his gaze almost as if issuing a challenge. "What do you say I cook you a real, full-scale dinner?"
"Which is worse, I mean?"
." It's as if he's only digesting it now. "Why the hell are we talking about..." He turns to me, looks me fully in the eye for the first time. "Hey," he says softly. "You all right?"
Fury flattened his hands against the desktop for a second, as if pleading a higher power for patience, but in the Fury-land, that was in short supply. "Know anyone around here who's getting younger? I don't," he snapped. "It's not as if we have an endless supply of candidates. Much as I'd like to get you some rosy-cheeked cadets with perfect grade score for you to pick and choose from, that's not too likely to happen, Captain, not this side of the Red Line."
Tony: You got it in one.
everything about the other person. No one does. But
Tony: And it's really scary.
"Yep."
"That early, huh?" he said, almost casually. We were sitting on the boxes, sipping coffee. "When you fell for me."
That dream never ended on its own accord. Tony always startled awake. There was sweat, there were tears; mostly, it was impossible to differentiate between the two. Occasionally, he would throw up. And on the other side of the world – and now he thought it was even true – he had a feeling Steve would sit up in bed and just shiver until dawn.
Tony downed his, not that he needed the reassurance, and immediately got a refill. A few minutes passed in noncommittal chatting and the usual semi-rude remarks.
It feels awesome, to finally be doing something for real. Because, this is the first time after so long that their efforts are actually permeated with sweet, raw hope.
Tony: so in teh lkight of what happened the last time I'm turning the phone off and imma try go to bed, sleep it off now
Tony: You seem awfully chipper this morning.
“I’m getting tired,” he said sometime in the late afternoon, because he’d promised, and because it was the responsible thing to do; and as much as he hated the idea of this stolen day ending, he was surprised to realize the thought of the fire and the snacks and dozing off wrapped up in a blanket seemed enticing. But
"No, that's fine, I need to go," Tony said briskly. He probably knew what he was doing. He was Iron Man, after all. Besides, he looked decisive and Steve didn't have any leverage with him, so insisting would hardly do any good.
It wasn't that he hadn't forgiven Steve. He had. They'd both explained; they'd both understood. People screwed up. It happened. He'd wanted to move on, yet he hadn't been sure how to. He hadn't wanted to lose all contact, he had known that much. But the how, the why – it was easier to push the questions away and to work on everything else. Steve's request had felt like an ultimatum.
"Stark?"
"That's exactly the same thing," Tony concluded, slowly warming up to the game. Because just listening to a voice that wasn't his own made it less cold, less dark somehow. The fact that it was
The thing was, he
"Did you ever look at them?"
about to walk down the red carpet one by one, like the seven dwarves? Really? Everyone else is going to be entering in pairs..."
“Anything,” Steve said at once. But by the way he was looming over Tony, resting on his elbows, staring down at him with a look that bordered on predatory, it wasn’t so hard to figure him out.
"Steve," Tony says again, willing him, forcing him to focus. His strength is gushing out, his voice weakening. "I need to tell you. I never told you."
. And now all he could think about was the smile that brightened up Steve's face at the misconceived idea Tony
And then it was just him and Steve, outside on a balcony like back in the old days, and the sun was shining for once, and Tony found himself at a loss for words. Which was unacceptable, obviously. "Yeah," he said. "So that’s Peter."
Well, he still doesn't have Steve, so what does it matter? This is exactly what Tony wanted, though, isn't it? This is exactly the way he planned it.
Still, we're not getting any younger. I'm perfectly aware of that. We play chess more often than we spar; or have sex. We cuddle or just sit next to each other far more frequently. We do go for a lot of walks, just the two of us or with Natasha. I know where this journey is headed, but for as long as we can string it along, we will. I can't think about what comes next or how the world is going gray around the edges and how we are slowing down, a little more with each passing day. I can't.
"You weren't supposed to know," I said simply.
THE END
Steve’s skiing style was all business, conserving energy and mostly avoiding unnecessary flourish Tony was prone to himself. The man kept a tight rein on his jumps, not letting the moguls steal his control from him even for a second, and despite his size, he always landed softly like a snowflake. Not for a moment was his balance compromised. He seemed well-trained, and Tony had suspected it had had something to do with the war. But at the same time, his technique was bold and fast, and just a bit too cheeky, the way he skied he zipper line. Tony liked watching him. Actually, he’d let himself get so consumed that at one point his skis shot out from under him and he landed on his side, and went spinning downslope until he came to an embarrassing stop.
"No," Tony says when Steve starts to pull his left pant leg down. "The right one first." The command is nonsensical, but since Steve likes being told what to do so much, even the nonsensical ones will help get him in the good state of mind.
I know how much it meant to me when my Tony – my
"He waded straight into the very center of the fire and extinguished it before anything else went boom," Hammer continued in his faux friendly manner, nudging Tony with his elbow as if he'd said something remotely amusing. "We all did our part, of course," he continued. "Every one of us showed a lot of courage – I, for example... Well, it would be crude to praise myself." He looked around for a moment, as if expecting one or two of the techs to step in, say something. They just sort of looked at one another uncomfortably. Hammer didn't lose a beat, though. "In any case, let us use this opportunity to end the rivalry between the pilots and the techs." He extended his hand. "Let us shake on it. What do you say, Tony?"
"I either screwed up that conversation or he actually loves to run," Steve told Natasha without much preamble as he banged his tray next to hers in the pilot's canteen. His voice was wry.
"So, what happened?" I prompted.
Tony: Me too.
If Tony actually felt the same as him, if that crazy idea was possible, the most important thing was to sort out the leaving bit. They could clear the rest later. If Tony had... had feelings for him, he had to stay. They could find a way to be together, even in Timely, even though the town likely wouldn't understand. They didn't have to be exactly public – but no, that was dishonest and it wasn't Steve's way. Well. Perhaps that was another battle they'd have to fight, but if they went at it together, it would be more than worth it. As long as Tony stayed. With him.
Tony: agreed
BACHMAN: We are not taking any questions!
Tony: Also
, he realized suddenly, and it was kind of amusing, but he was to devoid of energy to care about any of this.
Tony: yeah
"Look, I know I wasn't..." Steve began hesitantly. Evidently reconsidered, tried again. Tony could just picture his brows drawing down.. "Listen, Tony. I don't know how to put this. I don't really want to talk about it, that's all."
"Look, Tony, it's not... I heal really fast. I'll be fine." Steve didn't sound annoyed, though. A bit stubborn, maybe. He was staring at his lap. And when he looked up at Tony, for just one bright second, his eyes were smiling warmly, even though his lips were controlled. Then he looked back down. Tony could live off that look for days, if he let himself be pathetic.
"He's acting crazy," Bucky said, addressing Sam as if Steve weren't even there.
, and later on maybe I'll let you ask me a few. Okay, so let's do this. [sits on the edge of the stage, leaning against the lectern, feet dangling] There, that's way comfier.
Steve blew out a long, audible breath. "No," he said. "I can't see."
– he had to get him out of the wet clothes first, get him warm. He started fumbling with Steve's jacket, but his own fingers were thick, unwieldy. Oh. Because he had the gauntlets on. After half a second's thought, he cut Steve's jacket open with a thin, well controlled beam. Then he got rid of his gauntlets, started pulling off Steve's wet sweater with his bare hands. It was colder than Tony ever imagined fabric could be, it slipped from his fingers and clung to Steve like a stubborn jellyfish. Tony brought a gauntlet back, painfully aware of his own clumsiness, inadequacy, then cut the sweater off too.
"Well, I never bought the bullshit about unity." She tried to smile lazily, but the sweat and strain on her face spoiled the effect somewhat. "
about Stark?"
"No," Fury snapped. "I went to him, to see why the hell he didn't apply. Then I found out he was preemptively disqualified."
Steve sat there, blinking at him for a few seconds. Then, "
It was as if his words didn't register with Steve at all. Tony thought he heard him swallow. "When I was a kid," Steve began. For a moment it seemed that was going to be all he said, but then he went on. "You probably know the story. But I was sick all the time. My mom was a nurse. I had a thousand doctors poke at me. Hospitals. House visits. I
Still, this wasn't the only area where elevated heat signatures were detectable, aboard
I do have an idea.  I do, because the fact that he's so straightforward about it only speaks of how distraught he is right now. The other clue is that he puts perfectly sliced pickles on his sandwich. He
"You'll be all right. We'll win. We'll be home soon. You'll be all right..."
have to say [crumples the notes in his hand],
"Pep, really? It actually
"I... very much haven't told him."
I nodded. There wasn't much to say. She wasn't the type to ask for details.
Tony: good god no
A certain lightheadedness had taken over. "Oh, I don't," I retorted. "And I didn't have Vegas in mind."
But, apart from a certain amused dryness in his response, nothing seemed out of order. “What, this time of year?” Steve asked.
Steve just raised his eyebrows and didn't look away until Tony took another sip, and then another. He wanted to adjust his pillows better. He wanted to smooth his hair back, and tell him to leave the tablet alone and try to go to sleep. He wanted... a million different things, all of a sudden, and as he stood there, he wondered how come he hadn't been aware of this earlier, how he could have been so stupid.
"Yep."
"Don't know I'd dare get pissed," Bucky threw back, and that was basically all it was about. Bucky was like a one-man bomb disposal squad, always alert, always on the ready. Only the bomb he was looking for was himself. Even after they'd removed the Hydra conditioning, this had stayed.
The truth was, Tony could never stand the idea of anyone suffering, human or animal, so that was that, he supposed. Oh, he knew this was going to prove a mistake, but after that look from Steve, it was decided. The dog was staying.
, snuggle bug," he says sweetly.
Tony: Well, tough luck, shitheads.
But he knew Tony meant it, which made it worse, in a way.
"That's different, I have the suit."
Tony: But, for future reference, not for real.
. I often sit back and just think I don't know what I did to deserve so much happiness in one lifetime. I can't believe I got to hold his hand every day for forty years straight.
Steve pushed him against the lobby wall and kissed him like the whole world was ending. It lasted for a long time.
I shrug. "This is where Strange sent me," I say. "It's not as if there was a catalogue for me to pick from."
“Yeah?” Steve said. His voice was as choked as Tony’s, Tony noticed, but it was definitely good choked.
Tony: It's not about politics at this point.
Tony: It's probably a good thing that you're going on a date. Get out of the house, see the world. Seriously. It's probably very healthy.
and Fury said,
Tony: Guess not.
The ideas they came up with weren't overly brilliant. Steve suggested Tony should try and get his arm out through the kitty door and disarm the explosives. That was sound and utterly undoable. It had been the first thing Tony had tried. Other ideas included opening the valves, letting the water flood the cell and waiting for someone to open the door because of the flooding. Another option was ripping the toilet bowl and the flush tank out and hurling them at the door, then ducking, hoping it would get the explosives to go off.
Just their usual banter, really. He must have imagined Steve’s sudden blush. It must have been a reaction to the cold. Because what the man said was an almost insolent: “Promise?”
"Oh, yeah," Tony said quickly. "Everything's great. Fab. Stellar – pardon the pun." He was babbling, he knew he was, just like he knew he was gripping the control stick too tightly. Suddenly, he was painfully aware the lights from the control panel illuminated his face pretty well, casting a pale blue glow over his twisted lips and arched eyebrows and the overall spasm that his features had turned into. He couldn't be sure if Rogers could see him from his angle, but Tony's first impulse was to turn around, turn away from the lights. As he did so, the sight of Steve – right there, so close – hit him like a hammer. The breadth of his shoulders startled him. For a second all he was able to see were those shoulders, stretching away, and he wondered how come he'd never really noticed how broad they were – he'd
"I think you are right," Tony mused. "I think we should go back to the basics."
Tony deflated a little bit, as if this had, in fact, been criticism. "Okay," he said, turning his back to Steve, needing a moment, leaning both his hands against the counter. "But I can't stand the idea of..." He trailed of, but Steve recognized that tone of voice and heard the silent 'losing you' nevertheless; there was that idea again.
only, and that's it. That's your landmark birthday."
at Tony for not making contact earlier,
"Bad day?" Steve asked sympathetically, and then it suddenly hit him: All the little clues pointed towards a fact that 'bad day' was a huge understatement. "Did you lose someone?" he amended very gently and wondered if he was overstepping.
"Yes?"
Banner put his book down, slowly. "Trade what?"
, Tony thought inconsequentially and said nothing. Steve
Tony: undo you, I mean
Tony: Actually
Yeah, fine. He was just getting too invested in The Game. The important thing was to focus on the work.
The fatigues would be next, sweet gods. How's he supposed to handle this? Was it really necessary to make people strip in the fucking landing bay? The medbay was small, true, and already full of wounded pilots, and they probably transported only serious cases over there. But
"It's the back of your
Tony, in a way.
, coming from you." Only, Rhodey's wry reply seemed as automatic as Tony's own. And, kidding aside, his friend did seem kind of strange.
"So good of you to RSVP," she says dryly, but her eyes crinkle and sparkle in welcome. Or so Tony imagines..
"Right," Tony said and made himself focus on the screens and the radars and the panels in front of him. His palm on the control stick felt clammy. "You ready?"
Steve nodded. He shuffled around so he was now lying on his stomach. Marginally closer to Tony. The book lay open on the bed before him. Like a bait, like a trap.
It was like a dam had disappeared and Tony's words could flow freely again. "Okay, so maybe I didn't think it was cute back then, but now, in retrospect..." He snorted. "Nah, still not cute. Listen, though, I'm always jealous, I understand jealousy. I'm probably the triple world champion. But Steve?"
Tony: I'm not six.
Tony: 'May be some time', for fuck's sake. You're such a drama queen. I can't believe you sometimes.
Banner's lips constricted in quiet amusement. "I actually gave up on
Tony: But I don't think you ever get over it. The death of your parents.
" He knows it's probably not a good idea, but he doesn't care one bit.
"You've been sitting on this for twenty years," I say, and it might seem as if I'm talking about the shield, but I'm really not.
Tony: Yeah, bud, me too.
(because that would be the third time he asked, and really). No, scratch that, maybe even politics could work.
Tony didn't even blink at that. "No, but I figured. And seeing you flying over in that piece of junk made it clear enough. And I'd
. Brown eyes staring at him from the picture seemed brazen, but that might have been a preconception. Everyone knew who Tony Stark was. He was a cautionary tale.
"Shouldn't you put your helmet on?" Tony retorted.
Tony: Jesus fuck, Steve, I'm not mad at you. Actually, I don't know what I am at you. Something, I guess. But I'm definitely not mad because you pointed this out. It was just, too many things happening at once.
Tony: I think I'll try to sleep now.
Where emotional constipation pretty much turns into emotional diarrhea...
It was a little funny, almost, Tony thought, the way they could glare daggers at each other. There was probably no better glarers than the two of them to be found in Switzerland. Or was that glarists?
Tony: Well, everyone has their reasons, eh? I can think of at least two Avengers who volunteered for a similar type of experiments for reasons all their own, Steve.
So, the telephone lines were working again. Oh, joy. He turned to go to a telephone on the wall by the corridor entrance. The handset didn't look too damaged.
"Don't you know?" the other man asked softly. To Tony's ears, it almost sounded like a reprimand.
have approved those dolls." It took no time at all for Tony's reaction to turn into mild outrage, and it was the two of them all over again, the way they were now: misunderstandings, awkwardness, and outrage. Throw in some disappointment and there you were. Their favorite combo. Were they always like that. Tony couldn't remember any more. "
Tony: oh, Steve
Tony: I'm just typing and deleting...
Another step forward. He extended his right hand, reaching for Steve’s left; as if just one touch could break the spell. Steve of course had to reach out with his right, as if to shake Tony’s. Tony batted it aside. “Not a business deal, damn you”, he muttered, half-aware he was speaking aloud, and caught Steve’s left in his own. It was warm and dry, and it squeezed Tony’s harder than he had expected, and held on. He felt the warmth of that palm right in the centre of his chest. And he looked up at the Steve’s face again; a sudden smile lit up Steve’s feature. He tried to contain it, but no use. Tony’s eyes were glued to Steve’s lips. His breath hitched.
a chance to do things right this time around.
" he said, but his protest was weak and could easily be steamrolled over. "Moving through
Tony: I don't really have anyone to tell.
"Because I'm secretly Grinch?" he said to Steve now, reeling back from the memories and trying to turn it all into a joke, like the massive coward he was, he thought. He hated his own voice before he even finished speaking, because there was now something apologetic in Steve's eyes.
...,” he started to reply, but at Steve’s expressive eye-roll he just guffawed weekly. “Yeah,” he said. And: “Fuck, I wish I could give you some of my fever, it might help you stay warm.”
Tony: So, my coordinates for your running commentary? Do we have deal?
of exposed skin. No, really, the military issue towels were indecently small and thin, and insipidly grayish, the color of ration bars and mild, covert depression.
"Where do they all fit?" Steve asked Tony when they got onboard the ship that, well, wasn't
Just the way to crush Tony’s heart into tiny, squishy bits. He stared at Steve because he couldn’t possibly look away. Steve stared back. This was that one moment; afterwards, people always said they didn’t know who closed the distance, who initiated the kiss, they said that their lips just melted together on their own accord. This never happened in real life, in Tony’s experience. At least not when you were sober. Someone had to take the initiative. And all two of them did was gaze into each other’s eyes, fixed to the spot, stock-still, and the moment prolonged, and became uncomfortable, and Tony was beginning to feel stupid; and the worm of indestructible skepticism in his heart wondered if he’d misinterpreted absolutely everything. But no, the tenderness in Steve’s eyes, the faint blush along his cheekbones, the...
"Leaving?" I repeated. I was tired and sad and pretty slow on the uptake, so it took me a moment to understand what kind of
Tony: Well, right back at ya.
Tony drags  himself along, and into the shower, and he downs a painkiller, and after that he starts feeling like he's worthy of rejoining the human race.
up there – sorry,
and Tony thought his knees would just give way there and then. Was buckling of knees audible? Steve could probably hear that too.
And then the texts started – not exactly frequent, but not infrequent either; just frequent or infrequent enough for Steve to be unable to figure out what Tony wanted.
Steve hummed for a moment, thinking. "The walls..." He sounded skeptical.
"He's gotten so much better. I honestly didn't think he was coming back from his funk," Natasha says on an occasion when it's just the two of us again. I wouldn't discuss Tony like this with someone on the outside, but this is
The results are distinctly underwhelming.
"You know what I
Steve kissed him.
The hustle and bustle of the camp had died down a little. They had fallen silent too. She now covertly watched Steve as he regarded Tony from afar. "It's okay, Steve," she said, giving him a tiny smile. She gestured to where Tony was standing, temporarily distracted from inspecting the army. He always ended up where his heart was – among the armorers that were hammering and bending and stretching and repairing various metal things that interested Natasha strictly in the utilitarian sense. He was tearing into some smiths who weren't doing a satisfactory job. When he huffed in irritation and  took the mallet from one to
, Tony snapped silently, but Cap just smiled. "Exactly the same thing."
Tony: Or do you plan on poisoning me and you're worried about contraindications?
Tony felt an irresistible urge to stick his tongue out. "Yeah, you never went clubbing in Malibu." Vaguely, he nodded towards the balcony door, from where the tendrils of a waltz sneaked in. Tony actually quite liked the piece. "You turn 44, you're allowed to dance to
"Down." Tony said automatically, before he could fully register what Cap was saying. It was hard to exit the argumentative mode when his heart pounded so. Reluctantly, he recognized thrumming excitement building. He wasn't too proud of it, but at least
Tony: oh really? maybe you should have thought about that bfore you, idk, blew it all to hell
"Steve," he managed, and it was the only thing he could think of, since 'hey' was already used up. It seemed enough. Steve's face broke into a smile that could light up worlds, as if Tony had said something both clever and funny and tender. Tony suddenly realized something: it doesn't matter, it isn't really important what we say; with the two of us, it's either perfect understanding or total misunderstanding.
"She's alive, you know," he blurted, and Steve's eyes went wide. "Very old, obviously, but alive. You should go see her." Tony was speaking more softly, now, non-threateningly. "I could help you out with that. If you wanted. At some point. Although you shouldn't wait too long, you know."
"Yeah, yeah, but you keep flinching and wincing and blinking at me every time I say 'I' or ’you’. I
"Do you think we could somehow make the door go off, from a distance? While we are in the other cell?" Steve asked thoughtfully.
But that would only complicate things. If that's the case, Tony should just lie low until Steve is out of here. That would be easiest. What a pity Tony never liked easy, really.
Steve was breathing unevenly now. Tony ran his fingertips up Steve's arm, to his shoulder, snagging them for a second in the hem of Steve's short sleeve. Then continued upwards, to graze the skin of his neck with his short clipped nails, and higher still. He touched his fingertip to the corner of Steve's mouth and run it lightly along his lower lip. Steve shivered.
ceiling, which, consequently, must mean there was something very wrong with the gravitation strips. They must have tampered with them, the idiots, trying to organize the next prank.
Tony blinked. Sighed. Decided that, if he was ever going to tell the truth about this night, he could do it now, with Rhodey, or not at all. "I... just told Steve I loved him, pretty much." He thought this over for a moment. "Yep. I'm probably very much not okay."
"You're doing it again – the not giving a damn thing – but now I don't believe you," Steve said, and how could he sound both mild and stubborn at the same time? When exactly had they stopped walking and turned to face each other? How had they ended up so close? Tony could almost feel Steve's breath on his face, or was that just a draft? All of a sudden, he didn't know where to look, but Steve caught his gaze and held it.
"But I told you," Steve was saying to the medic. There was a hoarseness to his voice that worried Tony. "Your colleague said I was fine. Looked me over. Did the oxymetry already, too. I'm
need you to speak for me," he told him simply and then plucked the phone out of his hand. Bucky was growling.
"They told me I was probably infertile from the ice, too screwed up. That I wouldn't have heats, so I didn't need to worry- and suppressants wouldn't work on my metabolism anyway.  Look, I didn't mean to have a heat, I thought-- and I'm not supposed to goddamn kneel for anyone!  I'm Captain America!  Jesus Christ." Steve ran a hand over his face.
He threw open the front door.
"You finally gonna show me what you bought?" Steve asked, watching the cute twitch in Tony's brow as he pushed the last few strands of blonde hair into place.
accept the apology; he was nobody.  One of the top ten smartest, top ten richest men in the world and he felt like the most submissive omega in the world.  He'd mated an already-bonded omega.  And he'd only gotten the mating ritual down on the second try.
He stood there motionless, staring, his mind no doubt buzzing with thoughts.  But his face was a mask. He might have been contemplating a piece of art.
He dropped his outstretched hand, staring at Steve.  He'd never ridden on the back of a motorcycle before; he owned eight bikes, currently, and took a lot of joy in riding them, although less now that he had the suits.  As fun as a motorcycle was, it was really nothing compared to the speed and maneuverability and freedom he felt in the exos.
"But Connecticut is like three thousand miles away.  What if I need you?"
"There's been cases before where omegas have bonded with more than one Alpha," Phil piped up. "But..."
"We tried our best to weed out any hostile questions," said Tiberius.  "If I were you, I'd give a few statements about America being stronger for its diversity and reminding everyone that you're only human.  You made a mistake.  That has nothing to do with status. It's something that people need to hear, though."
? Jesus Christ!" He ran a hand over his face. Steve had thought domestic abuse was illegal now. (In the forties things were a lot more lenient. They used to hear their neighbours argue all the time in Brooklyn. Steve saw the wife come out with a black eye once. Bucky told him he shouldn't report it to the police. Steve hadn't and he hated himself for it for months until the couple moved out, and even after that).
And it was utterly ludicrous to think of Tony as Captain America's protector, just as ridiculous as trying to imagine Steve trying to obey and appease someone.
"Now what nothing!" snapped Karpov.  "He knows we're after him now.  It's back to the drawing board.  We can't use the asset a second time.  Too risky."
association.  If they weren't in the army and if the captain weren't a captain, Buck would seriously consider courting him.  But Captain Rogers also smelled irritated at him.  Like Buck had been doing something annoying for a long time and he knew exactly what it was and he ought to quit it.  Buck couldn't think of what it could possibly be.  He was trying his damned best to be respectful of the guy, wasn't he?  Frankly, he thought he ought to be commended on his progressiveness.  He genuinely respected Captain Rogers even though he was a breeder.
!  I thought that was who you were named after.  ...is Natasha your real name?"
"Nap," agreed Tony.  He scooted closer to Steve.  Steve was stretching out, looking up at him coyly.  Bedroom eyes if Tony had ever seen them.  Steve wasn't moving.  Tony scooted a little closer, slipping an arm over Steve, pressing their bodies together.  Steve was deliciously warm, his skin smooth, inviting.
"But please don't go all social justice warrior on him!" Aria added quickly. "Just be pleasant and calm and if anything annoy him with how nice you are.  I just want to prepare you for the worst-case scenario."
"Okay, I'm going to try to lure them away from the Expo," said Tony.  "JARVIS is still trying to get into the mainframe."
he's going to come out swinging... can't keep a good man down, that's what I said," rambled Banksy.
"Captain. You can't go outside." It was Mac, he was frowning at him. The warm-up act was on stage, getting everyone ready for the main event. Steve didn't recognise his name. It wasn't really his kind of music. He liked it with lyrics, or at least, more than a few repeated words.
The others arrived shortly. First it was Pepper and Aria. They bought flowers and food stuffs. Pepper rushed forward to hug Donner, mumbling to him about how proud she was. Not long after Banksy and George arrived. Banksy took a look at Steve whilst George started asking Donner all sorts of questions.
One of Steve's hands snaked over Tony's thigh, reaching between his legs.
"...Did Bucky punish you?" asked Tony.  He wondered if his dad ever punished Jarvis.  He couldn't imagine it. For one thing, Jarvis was so incredibly obedient.  He knew Howard had slapped Jarvis once or twice, while drunk, but that didn't really mean anything.  He'd also slapped Tony for no other reason than he was in the way. The only person who had probably never gotten a whack from a drunken Howard was Obadiah, who was not only terrifyingly dominant, but also taller than Howard.  Obadiah was huge; regardless of status, he could manhandle Howard with ease.
"Which do you want to be drink?" Steve asked.
Steve was actually fairly used to this behavior.  Tony's hangovers always upset his stomach more than his head.  Part of his recovery usually involved puking. Truthfully, for a man his age, the recovery process was terrifyingly streamlined; once he purged, Tony could usually be expected to be drinking again in less than six hours.  Then again, it wasn't too surprising, considering his genetics. Steve had seen Howard's drinking habits and knew that Tony's father had had the same sort of remarkable ability to get himself to the border of alcohol poisoning, throw up, drink a glass of water, and declare himself better and ready to go back to partying.
Part of the reason, Tony suspected, that Justin hovered around was because he, like Tony, was not an especially strong Alpha but he, like Tony,  happened to be in a business that drew lots of intense Alphas, ones of high dominance.  Their pheromones screamed aggression and assertiveness.  But there was a difference between Tony and Justin.  Tony would have been remarkable if he were a beta; Tony's claim to fame was his intelligence, not his social status.  Justin clung desperately to his because it was all he had, and revolved madly around Tony, trying to validate his specialness by drawing a comparison between the two of them.
subconscious. It was
.  Jesus Christ, Tony, tomorrow!"
"So...shall we get started?"
!" hissed Tony suddenly, his head snapping around.  There it was.  He hadn't imagined it.  "...do you smell that?"
Tony shifted a coil with his knee and then shoved the prism into the stripping chamber.
"Mr. Mackabee," said Tony casually, pretending he wasn't the least bit excited.
what they're after... he's our most important-- oh, don't look so flattered, Rogers!"  They skidded through a red light and someone honked; a moment later, a black SUV with tinted windows was tearing after them.
"Trickshot?  Yeah," Steve said. "We did. They had him chained to a wall."
Regardless of Tony's motivations, they were still bonded.  And Steve could use that.
"The beach will empty. The house won't be," Steve pointed out softly. "But try and drink some water and sober up Tony. At least a little, for my sake."
He nosed along the other's jawline. "I know you're not feeling good," Steve murmured. "I wanna make you feel better Tony. Tell me how how I can make you feel better."
There was a roped-off corner of the room where omegas were mingling, chatting casually and sipping drinks and lounging on couches.  None of them looked sad to be there but maybe that was just because they didn't know any better. Tony led Steve over and saw the only beta he had seen at the entire convention.
Steve sighed. He sounded tired... not physically.  Nothing ever tired Steve out physically. It was an emotional kind of weariness. "He wants to have a vasectomy."
"...whew," said Tony weakly.  He reached over and brushed a hand over the back of Steve's neck.  "...let's not accept any more tickets from Malick anytime soon, okay?  ...d'you think Donner is okay?"
The childish, blood-deprived part of him wanted to point that out to them.  Let them know that even though they all looked the same age, Steve was older, both literally and in life experience.  He bit his tongue. He didn't know what nearly getting kidnapped entitled him to but Steve figured he could at least get away with not being polite right now, if things came down to it.
His fingertips, dangling just past Steve's collarbone, suddenly twitched; he reached down to brush Steve's nipple, tilting back the bottle again to take another swig.
Christine handed Tony's card back. "Have a nice night, boys."
"It was only last week, they can't... they can't just kill him... we can find him, Steve, we gotta, we gotta have George call up Gene Bennett and ask about him..." said Tony, talking too fast, panicking.  He opened the car door before Happy had even stopped the car in front of the office building.
Tony's adrenaline was already up, watching the footage Natasha had found for them.
Steve tilted his head at the man and offered him the most terrifyingly nice smile. "I believe the Sheriff offered an adequate explanation," he said simply, and then walked up to the map of the facility on the wall. He spotted the medical wing and felt a chill run down his spine. Supposedly, it was just there if the kids got 'sick,' but where else would they be doing operations?
"Don't make this awkward, Doug.  Scram," said Tony, pointing toward the living room and, beyond it, the front door.
Natasha slipped an arm around his waist, and he lay his head on her shoulder.
... good Steve..." murmured Tony, reaching up to brush another lock of damp blond hair off of Steve's forehead.  Steve was breathing deeply, flushed, looking dazed but happy.  Tony gave him a tender kiss on the forehead, automatically, before draping himself over him, needing a few moments to compose himself before he got up to clean up.  "You did so good..." he whispered.  "That was amazing... I love you, Steve..."
, thought Tony.
, you
When they landed it was early morning and the first thing Tony noticed was that it was overcast, drizzling, and horribly cold.  Well, in the forties, which he, a long-time resident of Malibu, considered uninhabitable. He tugged his coat on, grumbling.
you didn't he?" snarled Tony.  "Why did you let him bite you if your bond with him was so terrible?  I thought Bucky was the greatest.  How do I know you won't feel trapped by me in a few years and move on to the next Alpha?"
"My water just broke," offered Donner quietly.
Tony began picking at the Styrofoam.
Then he felt annoyance again.  He sat back on his heels and looked up at Steve.  "What do you mean,
Steve was pretty sure he was going to be sick next when he saw him. All he could think about was all the gross shit Gideon had said. He felt an odd sense of shame from it.
He couldn't stand to disappoint his omega.  No.  Not now that they had mated, he couldn't just rush off.  But the agony of waiting for a drink...
him.  But he also felt like it wouldn't keep building; there was some inevitable conclusion that his gut was telling him was the most desirable thing on the planet.  It wasn't sex.  Sex was a component, yes.  But it was much, much, much more than that.  Something Tony didn't have but now was certain that he needed.  Something that Tony couldn't believe he had lived his whole life without, because whatever it was, it was
One of the people from pool maintenance poked her head in.  She was an omega.  Dark-hair, pretty, a little over-weight, with highlights and carefully threaded eyebrows.
"...Pietro?" asked one of the scientists, voice uncertain.
"Uh, Tony?"
"Psst.  Hey."  Someone tapped Steve's shoulder; Steve's face lit up when he saw Sam. The man meant a lot to him. He was the only other real soldier on his team, and that in itself meant a lot. Sometimes he still missed the Howling Commando days. He moved up on the bench so Sam could sit down too, their shoulders nudging together.
"...I don't want to make you uncomfortable," murmured Tony.  He traced his own mark gingerly. "Mine's still here. You and me, we're still bonded."  He let his hand drop; Steve's body was tense and his head was down and everything about his posture screamed that he felt uncomfortable.  Clearly, Steve needed more time.
"No problem at all," said Tony quickly.  "It's a highness to meet with you, your honor."
"Steve. You're not paying me to give you relationship advice. Now. Interviews?"
Over the sound of the music, a male voice suddenly announced, "Oh, and here he is, the man of the hour... Captain Steven Rogers, everyone!"  Everyone broke into cheers immediately. "And, so far, we've raised over
"I don't really appreciate that attitude." Steve's voice was detached. He soundly oddly confident, even for him, oddly... sure of himself. He pressed down harder. The Alpha wheezed.
"No!" said Tiberius.
Everyone else folded.  Malick fanned out his cards triumphantly.
"Yeah.  They wanted intel on the suits."
Disclaimer: I don't speak Spanish. - T (Apollo)
Tony swatted her away.  She looked to Rhodey, silently asking, with her eyes, whether they should get Steve or not.  Whether it would make things better, or worse.
The waiter, an omega himself, looked like he was struggling not to find the situation funny.  "...and for you, Captain?" he asked Steve directly, mouth twitching with a barely-suppressed grin.
Steve nodded back before following Tony out of the car. He zipped up his jacket against the cold but didn't pull the collar up, not wanting to seem like he had anything to hide. He walked alongside Tony into the graveyard, their fingers brushing together, but not grasping.
"Yeah... yeah, we should probably send flowers..." said Tony grudgingly, eyeing the bar's contents.  "Well, lay 'em on me, Jarv, who died?"
Before he was even aware of it, Tony was standing up, keeping Steve's cheek pressed to his knee.  He stood there for a few moments, basking in it, then broke away to circle Steve, check his posture.  It was perfect, but that wasn't the point.  Tony had to make sure.  He couldn't approve of it without checking and it would be insulting not to check it, because Steve was giving him this and he wasn't going to just throw it away.  His fingertips trailed over Steve's back and shoulders, never breaking contact as he circled, wanting Steve to know he was here and he was giving him his full attention.
He pulled his shirt over his head then before pulling the white tee on. Aria sighed. The breakfast bar offered him semi-decency as he chucked off his pants and made to pull on the jeans. He was clearly eager to be naked, if only briefly. "Steve!" Aria huffed and had to reach forward to button up his jeans for him when he became distracted by the grapes in the fruit bowl.
Pietro's face fell.  "...oh... no... that's not the same book, James.  That's just a notebook for sale. Look, there's like ten of them."
"Huh?  Oh. Um, real bad.  Well, not... not really bad, it's okay.  I mean there's like.... there's cops, like, on horses and guys with signs... can I have your autograph?  ...is Steve Rogers here?" He stood on his tiptoes and craned his head a little, peeking in.
"I'd ask Gleason," Clint said and Steve hummed. Even his body was calling out for someone else during their next heat, Steve would be damned if he was going to tell Tony that. They were better than biology; he'd said so himself.
"You got it," replied Happy.
"This is probably the wrong time to inform you I already started processing his paperwork," said Coulson suddenly.
"This... isn't normal, right? He shouldn't have cold flushes. That's not a thing, is it?" Aria asked. "Someone Google it!"
"I'll think about it."
He grinned at Steve.  Steve had, undoubtedly, not been picked up since before the serum.  For once, he looked oddly small in Tony's arms.
delicious Greek yogurt.  Just pick
Relief washed over Steve.  He had been hoping for someone to do this, introduce him to other omegas.  He followed her, glancing over his shoulder at the rest of the lobby, curious as to where Tony was.  He wasn't at all surprised to see him hunched over at the bar.
"Jesus fucking Christ. What are you made of? Stone?!"
"A mate is supposed to protect. But you haven't. Did they tell you what you did?" Steve leaned forward. "You made me have a miscarriage. I've never felt so
He'd had such incredibly vivid memories, memories that weren't his.  Memories of-- Tony's breath hitched-- he and Steve, close, intimate, on a couch in a tiny flat, him nuzzling into Steve's neck and biting him; a vase of fucking tulips; hovering around Steve in uniform in a club...
“No idea.”
"...is he okay?" murmured the omega whose chair Tony had stolen, looking up to Steve.  A couple of people were tactfully trying not to notice Tony's minor breakdown. Breakdowns happened.
"See you on the other side," he said.
Steve let out a sigh of relief and leaned his head on the countertop. "Oh, boy.
"Will do!" Ian assured them. "Have a good one Steve-o." Apparently his wheat fix was enough to seriously improve Ian's mood.
A candid picture of Steve mid-laugh.
"Oh, and more bad news," said Clint.  His speech was off just a little bit, as if he were drunk.  It was clear he couldn't hear himself and so his words slurred just a tiny bit.  It took some getting used to.  "You know Sitwell? Well, uh... he's completely off the hook.  Because our detention and interrogation was considered illegal and coerced.  SHIELD canned him but they can't arrest him, so he's pretty much getting off scot-free."
...wait a moment.
Peggy's face twisted a little.  "Yes," she said, cautiously, guard already up.
"Sorry, I just..." Steve huffed out a soft breath. He always wondered. People treated him so differently as soon as he got abs and was over six feet tall. Sometimes a small niggle of paranoia ate away at the back of his mind.  "Sometimes I hate feeling like everything good was from the serum, and not really me," he murmured. "Sometimes I'm terrified it's not really...
"Coulson. I know you're on the jet but can you send Clint out to check on Tony? I think his breakdown has taken a turn for the worse..." Natasha said over comms and Phil just replied with a quick: "On it."
Tony tilted the photograph a little, as if getting the light to hit it differently would alter it.  But it remained the same. Two figures slightly blurred, Obie half-blinking, his teenage self looking shy and hunched and a little embarrassed, the diploma lop-sided.  Tony flipped the photo over; on the back, Obie’s handwriting identified the year, the place. “Tony’s graduation” it was titled. Tony tossed it aside and dug into the box again.  His fingers brushed some loose paper at the bottom of the box; he pulled out another photograph. A very young Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane were shaking hands in front of a low concrete building with a sign that said “STARK ENTERPRISES.”  Both were smiling, but their smiles looked a bit fake, as if whoever was taking the picture had instructed them to smile. Another dig. An ancient ledger had some meticulously cramped writing, detailing Stark Industries’ early acquisitions.  A manila envelope held some birth certificates and some death certificates; Zebediah Stane had died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, Jarvis and Ana of congestive heart failure due to old age, while Howard Stark had, like Obadiah, died of blunt force trauma.  A chill ran through Tony; he’d never seen his father’s death certificate. He’d only been 16; Obadiah had dealt with it. He tried to peel apart some documents and the cover fell off an old issue of Newsweek magazine with Obadiah on the cover. A Polaroid of Howard and another man holding up an enormous blueprint fell onto the floor; it took Tony a moment to recognize what could only be a much younger Anton Vanko.
"There's coffee for you in the living room," Aria called out to them, waving them off not-so-subtly.
Tony huffed but swung out of bed and stood there naked, arms crossed over his chest.  The arc reactor in the middle of his chest glowed on. Steve, like Tony, had gotten used to sleeping with a light on.
"You could call it Malibootium," suggested Rhodey.
Pepper appeared in the doorway with her tablet, her cellphone cradled on her shoulder.  "Tony, this better be important, I'm on the phone with General--"
Tony needed help and if he carried on like this he might make himself permanently sick, or worse.
Tony laughed incredulously.  Was it going down, or was that natural variation?  Was he going to be okay, then?  He'd wait a bit and then check it again.  He poked at his neck; it was stiff, still, the rash still present.  But he didn't feel
to make him better in every way- it was a perfectly logical side-effect. But Steve still couldn't shake away the self-consciousness that come with being underweight and ill for most of his life. He was still the little guy inside. He might have had the looks now but he didn't really have the swagger to go with them.
It was
"Congratulations, by the way, you're in charge now.  Use your accounting wizardry and make it happen."
"Bucky was just as force-bonded as I was, Phil," Steve pointed out. He swallowed down the lump in his throat. "I don't know.  Maybe I'm an idiot for still caring about him."
Mackenzie blinked. "Didn't sound fine."
Karpov was wearing a long-sleeved shirt and he was envious because he was only in an undershirt and his right arm was cold.  One of the men was in a nice suit, and the other two in military uniforms. Their strides were long, purposeful.
They lay together in a surprisingly companionable silence.
Steve always left the individual instruction with Tony for the evenings. Another thing he kept telling himself was that he needed to help the others first – the others that weren't so good, that required more instruction, more patience, a less tired mind. But, if he admitted  the truth – and after what happened today, he had to – he left Tony for the evenings so that he'd have something to look forward to the whole day. And
for them the first time around.
Steve started. "Hm?"
"Hey." Steve was wearing one of his uncomfortable smiles Tony'd learned to recognize. Because he hadn't been watching the man's every move at all, oh no. Also, he wasn't a creep for it. Also, he really had to stop thinking of him as Steve because that was going to bite him in the ass one of these days, and besides, Tony had to remember not to like him.
be doing something all day, or month or year, even if you could. He couldn't force Tony to reconcile with him for real. Perhaps the ability to let go of a hope was a virtue too, sometimes.
I'm about to take him in my arms, but he steps back. It's like an instant cut straight across my heart, even though I know he's probably just not in the mood to be comforted.
Steve didn't quite know why he went over to talk to Stark – to warn him that coming to the bar wasn't acceptable for cadets, maybe, he thought later – or to ask after Darryl. Perhaps even to have a chat with him in a non-official setting, try to see what he was actually like. That would have been a disastrous idea. Steve shouldn't have had that one drink; it had been vile anyway.
"You think he's self-centered?" Steve asked.
, Thor had said with his usual earnestness, when he joined Tony and Natasha's conversation. And Natasha had just nodded.
Tony: He had a weird kind of misplaced integrity, didn't he?
And Tony asked,
"No, no. Of course not. Of course I didn't." Tony's tone was light, but his words were tumbling out too quickly, chasing one another. "Unless you wanted me to, but you know what, I know you don't, so. Listen, Cap,
, for the maximum disgust effect. Clint caught them during the preparations and interrogated them thoroughly; then he decided to join in. No one, he said, was as repugnant as he was, and he didn't appreciate being left out. Techs had tried to repeat the stunt that had worked so beautifully the previous day. As predicted, they found the smelly naked pilots obnoxious enough, so they mostly stepped out of the way.
"Okay, I'm in it up to my elbows," Tony pronounced. "I can see where the problem is. A whole section of the engine is burned out. I'm going to need to replace this, Cap. I'm going to need spare parts. I know we salvaged some last month, but I've no idea if they..."
She put the weight on the stand and jumped up.  "That's the dormitory effect for you," she stated. And: "Well, that's it for today, as far as I'm concerned."
He sighed. Took a deep breath. Remembered what they were to each other, out there in real life, outside of this corridor and this weird little conversation that seemed to contain so much more than what was being said.
, if I couldn't have
"Wait." Tony turned to glare at Thor, who had finally decided to join them, but Bruce nodded vigorously, so the red knight hesitated. "Listen," the wizard began, "we need a plan of action and we need to get carefully organized..." Tony just huffed, waved this off with a heavily armored hand and grabbed his huge bastard sword that was propped against the wall.
At first it seems to him that time has stopped. Then it becomes clear it's just Tony that's frozen in place, his fingers halfway inside Steve. He's not moving. Steve blinks at him. And then the faceplate slides up, the helmet disappears into the armor with a soft
, day in and day out. On the upside, well, he was alive, wasn't he?
Tony: Are you very proud of yourself for saying ’app’? Because you know, you should be.
Casually, Steve had asked if it was okay to store the skis here, and Tony had agreed with an even more casual shrug. He could outcasual you any day. At this latest question, Tony looked at him as if he had no idea why in the world this was being discussed at all. “I’ll
Tony: my stomach is already turning
part, in the end. In private, the awkwardness was painful, and it was almost easier to avoid each other than to try and do anything about it.
"Maybe if you weren't yelling abuse at his windows..."
Steve raised his head, as if to look at him, then let it fall again in frustration. His palms were resolutely flat and unmoving on his knees. It was the first time Tony saw him actually react to his new blindness in any way. "Because," he said, his patience evidently strained now, "it takes ages for me to recuperate. My shoulder hurts like hell from running into the damn door. I have
An irritated sigh. “I like it here. I told you that.”
"No..." Steve said. And, with a sudden realization: "You
Tony's breaths were now lengthening gradually. Still, standing there and just breathing was pretty much all he was capable of at the moment.
Well, that towel was what Tony had absently wrapped around his middle as he stepped out of the shower, just before the hum changed. Now he could practically feel Steve's eyes glued to his chest, his upper arms. The response that sprang to his mind was
Tony: God, how much I hate you.
"I'm not a fan of too much of
He squished the thought inside him. Mercilessly wrung its throat; he was going crazy, apparently starved for human company and human touch, because otherwise he wouldn't be reacting like this. This was
Tony thinks.
Tony still
"I'm hungry," he said aloud, as if trying to convince himself that was what it was. And then, with a certain amount of surprise, he realized the statement was actually true. The thought of food hadn't occurred to him for some time - not counting the few blueberries - and now he was regarding it as a new experience, almost.
Apparently, in order to make him spill information, his chief captor, a sorcerer, had made Steve inhale smoke of certain mind-altering herbs. The effect, however, was quite different then expected. Instead of making him prattle, it had triggered a waking dream that felt disturbingly real. It was almost as if he had been transported to another place, another time, where all of them existed, just like here; and yet everything was somehow different.
you. You are my heart. I'm not even kidding. Sucky and tired and useless and not working properly –  that's my heart for you – but it is what it is. And you're it. And that's all I got."
he told himself firmly – was going to put a hand on his shoulder, then aborted the notion.
"You could have woken me," Tony said. He inched his body away. Almost instantly, so did Steve, as if relieved Tony finally got detached for him. Well, no wonder, Tony supposed. The acute feeling of loss in his gut wasn't exactly surprising by now. When push comes to shove, he told himself firmly, we are all just small animals, huddling together for comfort.
The steps stopped abruptly. Then, from the other side: "What? What did you say?" Suddenly decisive, the steps moved closer. The voice itself was muffled by the wall, unrecognizable, but something about the inflection, the... No, impossible. He was just imagining things now. Oh, goody. This was the next stage of insanity, then. He'd been wondering when it would set in. Maybe there wasn't anyone on the other side of the wall at all. Maybe they put something in his food.
It's some time before they go back to the others.
"Harder."
"So?" Bruce said after the hellos, and the bone-crushing hug from Thor, and some sciency geeking out from Peter. "Do I have to actually walk down those steps, or do you think I can, eh, teleport straight to the bar without anyone noticing?"
She gave him a look as if he was crazy, which, coming to think of it, may well have been the case. "No, I
Tony: Have some faith.
“Well, I wasn’t the
, he stops himself from adding at the last moment. "And please don't bother us in the morning."
"I'd be very much interested in that, yes," Steve said, surprised to hear a hint of soft laughter in his own voice.
He tenses at that, so I let go of him at once; I'm about to step back and start apologizing – this is not my Tony, I don't even know what this Tony thinks of me. I don't know what happened here...
to rest.” Because, how else do you say:
"So... We've been talking. A bit. Texting. I don't know, sometimes I think..." Tony trailed off, unsure of what he thought.
Tony let the hankie fall to his lap; then, with a noncommittal half-wave at his gauntlet, glowing on the window sill, added: "I had Friday check me for fever."
She smiled a small smile. "He looked well," she said. "As he got older."
, but in a mostly friendly manner. "But after she died," she goes on,  "it was as if he lost the light of his life. I honestly didn't think he'd take it that badly."
"You're kidding." The words burst out before Tony could think them through. "That's not a punishment. That's a... a... reward."
Tony: Oh, you’re becoming a proper master of double entendre. It’s almost as if you’re thirteen.
," he says slowly. And: "I don't think ours did." It cuts like a knife, but it's the truth.
(Tony wanted one too!). He looked super-awkward. "Thank you for breakfast, it smells wonderful." Steve murmured his own appreciation too; right at that moment, Tony had eyes only for him. Steve himself, however, seemed to divide his attention between the other two equally. Now that he was so close, Tony was getting little echoes off him all the time. Steve was drinking in both their presences, and while on one hand he seemed to be saying 'wow, you're really here, you're sitting next to me', he also seemed to be thinking: 'wow, you're not dead!' at the boy, and it was almost as intense. Steve had
They stood like that for a moment longer, Tony’s hand captured in both of Steve’s, unmoving. And than Steve’s fingers began a slow voyage up Tony’s forearm. Eyes serious, a little lost, fixed on Tony’s. Lips suddenly parted slightly. Tony didn’t know when that had happened. He could have sworn he never looked away from Steve’s lips, but perhaps he got distracted by his eyes. His touch finally reached Tony’s elbow, found the soft spot underneath in one single caress. Tony suppressed a shiver.
has no regrets.
And he knew how petty it was, so he stopped with that, stepped back, had to keep himself in check, had to keep it down, had to...
"Or maybe Pepper was making pancakes in it."
"Then I just might keep it." It was apparent in Steve's voice he was smiling back. It tried to set off alarms in Tony's mind, but he was warm and cozy and they were sounding from somewhere in the distance.
." Steve knew his voice had gone was all weird and stupid, and he hated the stab of jealousy he felt; he wanted that to have been
Tony: yep, cause that's what I do
had been easier around each other.
And now Tony had gotten quieter, and worried, and Steve suddenly missed his impertinence.
"Get married."
Hierarchy was a big  illusion, true, and it functioned only because people chose to believe in it. Both the ones at the top and the ones at the bottom. Still, none of it was Rogers's fault. Tony had chosen to play the military game, and as in any game, he needed to stick to the rules or the game fell apart.
This was probably my longest speech ever, including my inadequate attempts to boost the team's morale before battles. Even Tony had stopped trying to make light, and now he just nodded.
Tony: I haven't said yes either.
Tony cut him off. "No reason to be alarmed, it's just a guy – looks more like a mountain, though, to tell you the truth. We're alone on an abandoned stretch of road at night. It's fine." Then, as Happy took an audible breath, Tony went on in a more conciliatory tone: "Hap, it's
Tony: But he's mainly angry because I didn't consult him on anything, said he coulda helped make this safer and less chaotic. Which, in retrospect, is probably true.
), who started conversations – or, well, what passed for conversations between the two of them these days. And he
Chief petty officer Darryl Jacobson in here is Darryl from the short Thor clips, btw. This kind of has Thor/Darryl for funnies, but it's such a minor thing I'm not even sure I should tag it.
this. And he
"Why, where is it?"
"I could see how much you cared," Steve said, his eyes piercing, and Tony was perfectly sure there was nothing of the analgesic fog left in his system.
And Tony was jealous. It took him a minute to recognize the reaction because it was so ridiculous.
was too much, burning on the inside, threatening to swallow him whole – he just stopped feeling things. The scalpel was so sharp, you wouldn't even register it go in.
Tony: Frills?
Ridiculously much, that was how much.
Tony: Anyway, have you considered how your hiding your state from everyone around you constitutes as lies? It's gonna come back and bite you in the ass at some point. It always escalates. How can you not know these things?
awkward wasn't possible, and at some point things had to start looking up when there wasn't any more
He and Steve decided to tell their friends together. But now, as Steve gets back from the bathroom, he spots Tony, and Tony spots him, and they are in each others arms before they can remember what they agreed. Tony feels instantly invigorated, and the feeling is at the same time like coming home after a long day and having the first sip of coffee in the morning.
, like the softest endearment of all. But Tony still had some self-control left.
," he said, still not letting go of Steve's hands because they felt too good in his grip to leave alone. We all have our limits, he thought. And then Steve squeezed back, and for a moment Tony thought he'd lose his footing. He tried to concentrate on his words instead. "Yeah, I know, I had a lot of time to think about it and I know. I understand."
The rejection itself  burned, but that wasn't all. Tony was used to conquests, but also to rejection. He'd liked playing the field at some point in his life. You do that, you'll get plenty of experience with both. But he somehow felt he didn't deserve the sheer coldness that had resulted from those unfortunate events in the simulator.
Tony: What, irresponsible? Come on, Rogers, hit me. Do your worst.
As he spoke he looked from face to face, staring hard into the cadets' eyes, trying to drill his words into their minds. But during the last few sentences, his eyes caught Tony's and wouldn't let go. Tony's reaction was his usual, semi-amused one: a wry grin, a cocked eyebrow, and too late Natasha's words came back to him, and he tried to go for super-serious, which probably looked even more mocking. A flash of anger would have been better in Tony's book, but Rogers just frowned and looked away.
Two mirrors, with their shared infinity of pain.
But the stupid argument and the subsequent mutual sulking? Thoughts about how stupid and unnecessary it all was kept nibbling at Tony's insides with their needle-sharp teeth. This was the first time after days and days he had someone to actually
Tony, and I was sure of one thing, if nothing else: I liked him a lot. Still, saying it so that he would understand seemed to be a challenge. "I would like to spend time with you," I tried again, lamely. "If you want, that is. I never... We, Tony and I, we never really did that, and maybe that's what almost cost us... everything. I..." I was aware I was not doing a great job here. "Tony, I..."
Steve was silent for a little while. Tony let him process this for a minute.
. Steve felt Tony's hands on him then, sliding up his arms then aback down, an unmistakable caress. There
arrogant and self-absorbed. So were other people. He was not the only one. The fact that those particular qualities set Steve's teeth on edge was his own problem.
Tony:  I'm guessing before all of this somehow went to hell in a helicopter.
"And also," Steve added as an afterthought," I'd never use
Tony struggles to get away for a moment, but then he spots a group of men in suspiciously unsuspicious clothing (one guy has a small, bright-purple suitcase), stalking through the airport, anything but inconspicuous. The menace etched into their faces screams
our timelines diverged – were the things we did the cause or just the consequence? – but we did find out that the progress of Tony and Pepper's relationship was one significant difference between our universes.
was important.
Someone was robbing the diner. Someone was robbing the
Tony: I thought you were going to be okay. I really didn’t think me being there would matter any to you.
"Bye, Steve," Tony said quietly, but Steve had already cut the line.
He was nodding along, but seemed too impatient to let me finish. "Yeah, yeah, I had my meltdown and stormed off, and then you fucked off to kill Thanos, much good it did, but whatever, you got back, we proceeded to fuck each other's brains out that night, and then tomorrow, we came here for shawarma and actually talked, and we reconciled for good, and then...
the fire, I was just doing some repairs, nothing wrong with me." And, since the babbling didn't seem to work: "Look, I'm not taking the suit off here, I'm completely naked underneath; don't ask." Because of course he was. He'd tossed the towel aside and pulled on the protection suit. Aw, this should be a huge fun.
(Fury would answer)
Steve saw Chief Petty Officer close his eyes for a second, as if bracing himself; he heard a soft t exhalation. "Hey, Thor." With even less enthusiasm, that.
Tony: also, steve, I don't think the man in that drawing is clapping
"What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck," he chanted in his head. For a second it seemed Steve's efforts were going to pay out, he was on his stomach on the edge of the hole, the wolf getting close, barking at him.
dislike. Or maybe... He had no idea, and he had even less idea as to why he cared what Captain thought, but somehow he did. Whatever it was, it was driving him crazy. Tony had managed to drink a lot in a short time, and this stuff was motor-oil strong; he could feel it burning in his gut, making his tongue run loose. The subtle desperation of the people around him was both infectious and suffocating. The beat of it in his ears was louder than the white noise of general chatter.
Tony: It's got to do with the Accords. But only tangentially. Also, I said okay to doing it because I was okay with it. Don't worry about it.
And – strangely enough – right into the same dream, a little later, and there was the kitchen again, and the coffee (disgustingly sweet and creamy, just like Steve liked it), and Bucky (
She indeed
"Why don't you..." It was Carol, unusually thoughtful for a second. Then, more decisively she added: "Yes, that works." She pushed to the front. "Why don't you just announce 'East Cost Avengers and friends', and people can puzzle over the rest if they want to. Doable, yes?"
"Him." The man gestured to Steve with his chin (his hands were tied). He nodded towards the remains of the smashed hard drive. "You saw why. You..." He shrugged. "You were just bait."
"I'm 26, actually" Steve stated, deflecting the rest of the question. "Not that young."
That was all the encouragement I needed. "It feels great," I said with complete honesty. The points of physical contact were brightly lit in my consciousness. It was as if warmth and life radiated from them, waking me up, melting me down.
they? In the trunk?"
And what he really wanted was to put the rest of his life on hold, and stay here, in this crappy little town, and take Steve out for movie dates and ice-cream every night.
In the meantime, he had breezed through the tactics exam, and, to the surprise of many, the physical exam too. As someone who loved flying, Tony was used to keeping in good form. All pilots needed to, both planetside and here. He'd got a little slack since the whole disappearance-from-the-known-space hoopla,  but it was easy to get back on track. Some of the other cadets weren't so successful, but this was no Academy. If you flunked, you didn't get to hang your head and  go home in shame, no matter how much you may
"You know the robber?" Tony's voice rang with incredulity. "You know the robber's
"I think I glimpsed some kind of explosive security contraption connected to the door while they were dragging me in."
I think we should... I don’t know how to say this, everything sounds stupid.
crowds. And now that the people were dissipating, it all looked somehow sad and unimportant and tiny. Many had left already, and only the drunkest and the bravest were still dancing to the very professional and highly unenthusiastic music being played by the tired musicians. Steve had no idea how long he and Tony had stayed away, but evidently they'd been pretty long.
"Sorry, I..." Steve began, but
Steve looked at Bucky, who, despite the attempt at gruff humor, seemed as uncomfortable as himself. Too many people in one place raised Bucky's hackles, they rubbed him wrong, everything about crowds seemed wrong to him now. They'd talked about it.
A WOMAN (ORRY): I was there.
And then Steve was reaching over. Tony had no fucking idea how in the name of hell the man could stay upright in this velocity, these turns. He was leaning against the back of Tony's chair now, and then his hand was right on Tony's shoulder, gripping for real – no hesitant brushes of fingers now. He was leaning over, putting his hand over Tony's on the control stick, steering together with him, guiding him, faster, ever faster. He wasn't saying anything, but Tony could hear his heavy breathing so close, felt the fingers digging into his shoulder, felt a fist gripping his own, warm and dry and big. Herd his soft laughter intertwined with Tony's whoops as they steered together.
Of course, there were other options too.
, I said. [to the audience] I'll strike you a deal. You listen to what I
Were Steve's eyelashes always this long, though? Yup, most definitely, and Tony knew that perfectly well, only he was never quite willing to admit it, even to himself.
"And," Steve continued, "I tried leaving a message for Nat, with an old contact. I... don't know if she got it. And then I couldn't wait any longer. So I came."
weren't enough. If he could find a tiny black hole to crawl into right now, Tony would. Just stop feeling things.
Tony: Look, I'll even get out of the stall.
Tony: Steve, how are you doing? With complete honesty now, please.
Tony: You up?
Steve realized he was fighting a smile –
“I’m...” Steve began steadily.
in charge of something? Whoever put... Going back in
"I'm good with cuddling," I quipped back, actually meaning every word, and thinking:
Still, this was supposed to be
you dwell on, these days?" Tony asked, with just a hint of an edge to his voice.
Steve goes off to die. He may be telling himself it's something else entirely, but he hurls himself into the fray, uncaring; and he knows well what he's doing.
glad to see you, you know." His voice was low.
He could see now what this was, for Rogers. He
Tony: Precisely.
He puts a hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony doesn't turn around. There is a second of unbelievably long agony, that can, as far as Steve is concerned, be summed up as
. "The beginning," Cap repeated. "You can only benefit from it. We'll record everything all over again, and tonight we're wrapping this exercise up. It never does any good to leave a part of it for tomorrow."
He didn't know what he wanted from Steve, if he wanted anything.
– definitely too close to his own. Steve's eyes were big and bright – and, yes, still red-rimmed.
Tony: I don't relish the idea of losing my voice for nothing.
And then, with that, the pieces suddenly fell into place. What had bothered Tony all along, the weird touching, the way Steve held his head, facing Tony but somehow never looking quite directly at him. It was all clear.
“No,” growled Steve into his ear, “
Either that, or Tony was super distracted himself, which,
Steve caught himself desperately wishing he could allow himself to walk straight into it.
more.
Steve's bewildered look, and his belated, watery grin probably spoiled the effect, but this last piece of acting was all the consideration Tony was going to give to social niceties.  Everyone could go straight to hell, not stopping to ask for directions. (He could give those directions so well, though. He could probably draw them a detailed map.)
"So, if this is flat scissors, what are horizontal scissors?" Quint asked.
You are not supposed to get hard just because someone said hey, are you? It was silly, really. Not fifteen minutes ago, when they were with the others, the two of them seeking and avoiding each other’s eyes across the room, Tony had been completely fine. But now the anticipation was burning in his stomach and his breath was getting shallow.
"Tony," Steve said. A gust of wind blew inwards, showering Tony's feet with whiteness, making him shudder. He wrapped the bathrobe tighter about him and sneezed again. Fished for a handkerchief in his pocket.
Tony shot him a smiley look from a corner of his eye and said nothing for a while.
He placed his palm against Steve’s chest and pushed him lightly away.
The war hadn't touched her much, it seemed, but if you chose to trust appearances, you'd think nothing ever did. With Steve and Sam and Clint behind her, and Tony and Bruce and Thor in the front, now, it was as if she was ensconcing herself in their company, as if inside that circle she could just be herself, maybe a bit tired, maybe a bit happy. Tony
(in the real world! to each other!), or maybe it was really just his imagination this time, but he kind of thought he could sense Steve there, on the other side of the world. Steve who (Tony thought) didn’t feel so cold anymore.
Tony: I didn't go to the bar and I didn't pour myself a big drink.
I thought frantically, ready to catch him if he fell, ready to perform CPR, but The Ancient One wouldn't do this to us, surely – she wouldn't send me to a timeline where Tony is alive only to have him suffer a cardiac arrest upon seeing me.
Tony: And I have literally no one to put at the head of SI. Spidey's underage, Rhodey told me to stuff it, and I don't think they'd accept an android. Think there is any way to lure Thor back and make him take up the position? He's trustworthy and way shrewder than he pretends to be.
Tony: Screw that, Steve. No one's broken. We'll figure things out.
Honestly, he had no idea. But what he knew was, he kept acting like an idiot where Stark was concerned. He couldn't find a balance. It was either too much congeniality on his part or chilly stiffness. Stark just made him feel out of sorts.
Tony watched Steve move around, noticed him take in his surroundings once again – the dusty mantelpiece with a big, kitschy grandmother clock on it (this was a graveyard of unwanted presents), sharing the space with an old alternator and a glass jar of 2d nails. Howard had loved fixing the cabin himself. The room was lit by the fire and a single candle Tony had dug up from the kitchen drawer and slapped into a coffee cup because he couldn't be bothered to look for a candlestick. The couch and a pair of armchairs had paled with age and dust. The bookshelves were, of course, timeless.
Now it was unmistakable.
We did go home, though, despite my protestations that I was going to be fine in a minute. I lingered a longest time with Tony's mug in my hand. When my Tony came back to the Compound and we all started brainstorming, he found it in the kitchen. He commented that he couldn't believe we still had the old thing and how it should have been thrown out years ago, were we Avengers or garbage collectors, and then he proceeded to drink from it and only it for days. Here and now, I put it down. I was happy to have a Tony to take with me, instead; I didn't need a mug as a keepsake. In the end, we brought only Nat's mug home with us, as an act of defiance against oblivion. We used it almost every day thereafter and always remembered Nat when we did so.
"Tony, you practically bit my head off."
?" he echoed Steve's words from before, and that was all he said. He knew his mind was clouded. Steve's grip on his arm was like hot iron, and all Tony let himself think of right then was giving back with interest, measure for measure, burn for burn. Get Steve against the wall and teach him all about gripping and grabbing.
"Er," Tony says, "I know I'm a bit too much. No, scratch that. I was being an ass. I need to apologize."
Well, okay, maybe not his feelings.
Tony: I like it when you sound happy.
Tony nodded solemnly and refused to think about any of it.
"Well, the beard's sure new," Tony managed, in his best casual voice, because changing the topic to something nonsensical seemed like a stellar idea right then.
He waved his hand impatiently. "I know how it works." He was sitting still, but he was drumming his fingers on the bench between us in a frantic rhythm. "And, in your timeline, we lost? Won? What?"
, he thinks through the slight haze of exhaustion,
Tony had Steve swathed in blankets and seated on the sofa, his knees pulled all the way up to his chest. Tony busied himself with the fire. He was feeling  feebler by the minute, but he could manage this much. He also brought his suit gauntlet and pushed it on Steve. “I knew you’d catch a cold,” he grumbled.
Still, this was just a fleeting thought. He glanced at them in passing. His mind was racing in a different direction. Darryl's voice, his words regarding Steve, were still cutting through Tony's forced calm.
Tony: That one was in order to piss off some jerk who stood there ranting at some poor woman, sounding exactly like the postmodern generator, saying absolutely nothing
Tony refused to think of Steve in this moment. (His Steve, Steve that
, the very idea of having all that stuffed into him, the burn, the pain, the pleasure, the cold fire against his prostate,  the cocktail of all that... and that other hand tugging on his cock again...
," Steve said. He was trying to hold the laughter in, but it kept slipping through the cracks and bubbling to the surface. "I know what it looks like, but it's a leg, I
Tony: but not everything, Steve
Tony: You could ask Natasha the same thing, btw. Why she didn't tell you, if she didn't.
Steve hated the fact that Tony drank so much, but after a day like this, who wouldn't need a drink or two? Everything in moderation, like his mom used to say. He was nursing his whiskey as leaden tiredness slowly crawled along his limbs, conquering new territory without much resistance. They'd bought a bottle and were now seated at one of the tables. He was watching Tony's face, alive, animated, aglow with curiosity as he tried to question the newcomer, Fury, who was in turn questioning him.
He sat there, very still, absently toying with my fingers . He eventually said: "I couldn't figure out what you wanted."
Tony: How many people did you trade supersecret phones with?
hand, the one that wasn't clutching Tony's arm, somehow ended up at the small of Tony's back, and
STARK: [walks around the lectern] I'll strike you a deal, okay? [to Bachman] Shut
"If that's what you want?" he says carefully, and Steve is silent. It doesn't look like a happy type of silence, though. "But," Tony goes on, swallowing nervously, "we could also try strings, if you like? I'm good with strings. I'm... I'm
"I was making an... inappropriate analogy, apparently. Ignore me," Tony says quickly.
I never forgave you for dying. I'm not going to, either."
Maybe this wasn't fair, maybe Steve
Tony: Don't get me wrong, I'm not a big fan of therapists and their ilk, as you know, but I'm curious: Why don't you want to try?
either; just
Tony: YES
Steve shrugged. "Nothing. I was passing by the lake. I saw..." He trailed off. Despite the gale, he'd heard it first: the cracking of the ice, the yelp, the splash. It had cut right through him like a shard of ice that slid into his heart and started turning him into a glacier. For a moment he hadn't been sure if it had been himself that had fallen in, gone under. There was darkness only. But then he forced himself to come back from that, and at first the whiteness blinded him (as if he'd been expecting some other kind of landscape), but then he saw it – the canine head above the water, the frantic paddling in a circle, bound to fail even before it started properly. And he didn't stop to think. He just acted.
Tony's fear was cold and clammy like Steve's skin had been. He didn't like this. He didn't like the way Steve's mind wandered; he disliked his slipping in and out of focus, his disjointed words. He didn't like any of it at all. And when he was afraid, he wasn't the most pleasant person in the world.
Tony: I got this.
Tony: For the life of me, I don't know why I'm even talking to you, but fine. I'm taking Imitrex. Why?
Tony: My pawn to d4.
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: They destroyed Lagos!
"Hey, I got some tools from a locker," Tony's voice said in his ear. And right, of course, the tools, why did Steve not even think of that? Of course he couldn't repair the damage with his bare hands.
This is in reference to the famous last words of Captain Lawrence Oates, an Antarctic explorer, who said "I am just going outside and may be some time" before going out to die. I figure this is famous enough, but in case it's more of a culturally specific thing than I thought, there:)
all in good fun. What I said. Also, I don't feel so great about it," Tony interrupted. "I was being an asshole for no particular reason. I do that sometimes." He looked at Cap again, up and to the side, still not moving his head. "So, what's the usual procedure for that?"
Then he directed a sad, tight-lipped smile at me. His voice was flat. "It wasn't he who said it."
Tony tried a few stretches himself, the ones that didn't strain on his foot. The silence swelled like dough; if it grew any bigger, it would probably set some kind of a world record.
searing through his cock, a need to be touched, as if a touch would assuage these feelings, not just intensify them. And he feels a ghost of that pinch in his nipple, a mild burning  for
Tony: Which brings me to this. You know, if you had tranquillizer that actually worked on you people, you could have a pretty safe way to deal with your James too, were you to unfreeze him. I mean. You could have experts work on his de-conditioning, for example, or the retrieval of his memories or whatnot, with very little danger. In case he goes rabid, just poof, a shot from the distance, and he's sleeping like a baby.
He spotted a piece of the bright orange tech suit protruding from under a pile of rubble.
I wasn't going to spew
Tony narrows his eyes. "Lover Pooh."
She gives him a mildly outraged look. "It's not
pretense. It had to be. Steve thought they both knew what they were doing, where they were going. So this show was meant for... whom, exactly? For Timely? Or for each other?
Approximately at this time someone else entered the diner. At the sound of the door, Steve snatched his hand back as if Tony's was burning hot. Then he shot an apologetic look at Tony.
It was suddenly difficult to look up from the glove compartment Steve had his eyes fixed on.
Also, this infatuation business had to stop ASAP. It was going nowhere. He needed to focus on other things.
was. He couldn't tell why that was so important to him apart from a vague idea that, if they ever met again, Tony didn't want that lie between them. The truth burned inside him and wanted out.
"We never hung out, just the two of us. You know. Movies. Games. Meeting for lunch. Whatever." And now that Tony can't have those things, because it's
Tony: I take it you don't mean a female member of British aristocracy?
that Steve thinks: he must be inside the armor. He must. And still, the idea, the image of Tony, somewhere out there, in his lab, directing the armor from afar, and
Then it's even colder against his hole, like a medical an instrument, a probe, and Steve bites his lower lip and does his best to relax. The gauntleted finger feels infinitely hard and infinitely thick, at that moment, as it breaches the muscle rings and pushes in. His insides burn and he fights the reflex to push it out. Tony pauses just for a second, and it'd almost be better if he didn't, if he'd just push in and be done with it. Steve fights opposing impulses – to push it out, to stop this; it's uncomfortable, it's that particular moment he experiences every time, when it takes concentration to remember this would get good very soon. But there is something deeper, darker in him too, something that relishes the very idea of discomfort, that wants Tony to push all the way in, without waiting for Steve to adjust, and then just pull his finger clear, out all the way. He could wait a few seconds, then repeat the process; so that Steve wouldn't have the time to adjust, wouldn't have the opportunity to get over that first, slightly unpleasant, slightly unnerving feeling on the inside. And the very thought makes Steve bite his lip harder, to the point of pain, makes him buck up; he can feel the thought burning, searing deep inside him, and he needs Tony in there, somehow, with his cool metal.
Steve can't see, but he can imagine. Hands tied above his head, legs spread wide, sucking on the implement. Cock straining and leaking. His cheeks heat up even more.
" I was tired and, ridiculously enough, overwhelmed with sharp nostalgia for our life from two minutes before, before I'd said something immensely stupid that now couldn't be unsaid. I missed the easy, unthinking touches that suddenly seemed unattainable. I couldn't have them back. Even though barely a foot separated us, Tony was a million miles away.
, Tony thought ruefully, and for the umpteenth time he wondered what was so wrong with him that Steve persistently refused to take him into consideration, despite the fact the guy was obviously attracted to him...
Tony: Perv.
Tony: They're really good for some people.
This is dangerous ground. No, screw that. It's quicksand inside a smoking volcano during an earthquake.
, Tony thought. He had walked away, and no matter how much he had wanted to look back, he didn't. Steve wouldn't. Steve wouldn't, and it was almost like a competition, he felt, a competition who could care less. He was very determined to win.
Tony: No, I just figured you were.
The metal under my fingers is familiar and comforting, but I'd say the thing itself is a tad heavier than it used to be.
"Thank you," Steve said, and he sounded strangely hoarse. (And it wasn't from the smoke; the smoke hoarseness had gone away as quickly as the effects of the painkillers. A freako metabolism, indeed.)
Steve had somehow ended up trapped in a body of a giant lizard, being controlled by his captors, the sorcerers. Basically, both Steves were along for the ride in a dragon's mind; they
For Tony, every personal tutoring session with Cap brought on a heady feeling. The excitement would start building up in his stomach hours in advance. It was barely detectable at first, like a tiny blue flame flickering to life somewhere deep inside him. Still, it was undeniable.
"How is it different, why would it be different?"
"Oh, thank god," Tony whispered.
"Oh, I don't know, Drew," Tony replied. "I don't think that, even in the broadest possible sense of the word, what we are wearing can be called
"Jesus Tony," I whispered, only partly aware words were slipping out at all, "if I could have just one kiss, just one, just to see what it's like..."
"Predictable," Valkyrie scoffed.
, make him
"By the way," he declared some time later, while we were lounging on the
"No, I do," she says. "I
Here," he says. He'd been kneeling to the side of Steve, at the level with Steve's hips, so that he'd have good access to Steve's ass.
"No, it's your aunt Lobelia. Yeah, it's me." All of a sudden, in a flood of questions he wanted to ask –
"Hey," Barton said. "You can't have that one. It's Volstagg's."
Tony wasn't sure if he could handle seeing him strip any further, now that it would – essentially – be just for fun.
Tony: that's exactly what I always do
Tony: So tell me about this secret romance.
Why would Steve do that? Why would he take that away from Tony like that?
He opened his mouth to ask his actual question, then faltered at the last moment. "So... there's something going on with Thor and Darryl, is there?"
It's better that way, Tony figured. He loved to talk. Talking was what mattered. As long as they
That was what I expected her to say to me. I did know, too.
Tony vented frustration through sex, that was his way; Steve kept coming back to that thought over and over again.
As it turned out, Fury also wasn't opposed to taking onboard a good hand with blades. Tony insisted Fury was picky, but it seemed to Steve he would take anyone who wanted to leave. He even invited Bruce along, saying he could use a new doctor. He either lost people at an incredible rate and needed to compensate (which Tony insisted was
And it wasn't a full-scale answer, but it was infinitely more than Steve could have hoped for. It wasn't just an olive branch. It was a goddamn tree trunk. "Dinner sounds lovely," he said, suddenly able to smile a full smile again. "How can I help?"
Tony: And those pieces, they are all you had left.
I told him.
. And from time to time, it seems to Steve, he would go close to the prostate,
", Rhodey repeated, not louder, but with more emphasis. A few heads turned, including the very reproachful look from the secretary of education. But Carol – Carol turned, ignoring her, ignoring everyone else. "Carol," Rhodey repeated, and then, very fast and quite loudly: "
"I believe the XO's on the line for you," she tossed lightly over her shoulder.
No one came running. And Tony’s eyes were well used to the dark by now.
why the delay, but it was making him jittery.
would be acceptable right now, but decided against it. This was, when all was said and done, his chance at a second chance so to say. He decided to stick with a semi-conciliatory "I'll do that."
“I actually think we’ve been doing pretty good,” Steve said quietly. "Today.”
Tony didn't give a... Well, okay, he was running out of coital comparisons for the moment, but he still didn't care one bit.
But then there was a new pressure and yes,
All he manages now is: "I'm an asshole."
Steve just shrugged: "I can manage for a few minutes." And: "Thank you for being honest, Tony, really. There's something I need to tell you as well. I was going to come back and tell you, actually. It just didn't feel right to leave without..."
And Fury raised an eyebrow at him and almost smiled, as if to say
"This looks like circum-rescue collapse."
"Yeah, but I mean, it takes time, and it's not just that. You made roast. You made tiny tacos and meatballs and dips and everything, and the cinnamon rolls dough, you..."
Tony: I'm furious. But that's all.
Steve snorted in irritation. "For your foot. They're not a compression wrap exactly, but if you put both of them on over your own sock, it would be firmer. Help the swelling go down." He was still whispering, and it made the conversation seem almost intimate. Of course, the fact that they were pressed against each other under the blankets probably also helped.
"Slow down, Cap," he says. "You know what you need to do to get what you want. Not that difficult, eh?"
Steve says nothing. It would be nice if he expressed some sort of disagreement, but whatever, Tony probably should have thought about that before he started turning everything he touched to shit.
“I know what I’m doing,” Tony said, instead of admitting that Steve was right. And then, with a fleeting memory of lips pressed lightly against his forehead, he added: “Cap... if we could view this as a necessary investment in my mental health and stop talking about it?” Tony was aware his smile was tight.
Tony frowned for a second, found a perfect solution in a blink. "Okay, so when I'm a pilot..."
"Tony, I need to..." More intensity, more imploring. Voice quiet but sizzling with emotion.
Then a thought crossed his mind, a possible explanation. “Now or in your previous life?” he asked carefully, wondering if he was going to get the story from Steve and if it had anything at all to do with Howard.
Steve didn't know what to think. That was the main problem.
Tony: You do realize you're the one who's been perpetuating the dick jokes for the past XY days?
Steve sighed. Smiled slightly, but it wasn't a happy smile. Tony could tell he was trying to put his thoughts into words. Tricky, that, when emotions are involved.
"Say my name again," Tony said; inconsequentially. Was he desperately changing the subject  or was this something else entirely?
She just looks at me for a moment, and I suppose that's enough for her to digest the information. "How's he?" she asks quietly.
ruthless."
It turns out they are sharing a room, even though posing as a couple
Steve was on the run, sure, but Tony could probably help him, get his hands on false IDs and things for him. Find him a better hiding place. At least he had plenty of resources. And – Tony knew with a sudden certainty, and his heart fell – Steve would probably never accept any of it. That was why he'd run away from SHIELD – to escape all the ties, to be free, to live his own life, anonymously, and make his own choices for once.
"I prefer 'impassioned'," I said mildly, without cracking a smile. "Is that a yes?"
Tony: :)
I was still devastated, of course. The man I loved had died, and he was still dead, and that was going to stay that way, that was final. This wasn't him, exactly. But, still, in a way, it was, and I got to talk to him, and I got to laugh with him again, and suddenly, the world was back, bright in technicolor, and I could fill my lungs with air to bursting once more.
you, isn't it? Somehow it's you. But that's impossible, it's impossible because you went and died, I
With a rueful twist to his mouth, he ended the call and tossed the phone onto the back seat, to ring on accusingly.
"It's
Tony: that's so 2000's
He got up, then extended his hand to help Steve up. Steve just shook his head.
Tony: I know
He pulled away. Steve held onto him for a moment longer, protesting with a quiet wordless moan, then let go. "What are you doing?" he asked as Tony started frantically searching the pockets of the coats on one rack, fumbling in the darkness.
, he heard in his head.
He finished with a final, vitriolic
Steve shrugged apologetically. "Well, there's a reason I quit teaching, back home." He thought for a moment how better to explain it. "Nat, these aren't cadets. They're practically draftees. We have one ex-hacker and one ex-smuggler, for gods' sake. And now I'm supposed to turn them into pilots? Sure, why not. But what I want to
to focus on something in order not to turn around and watch Steve's back disappearing into the crowd. (Steve's back was impossible to miss in a crowd, no matter how much the man might want to vanish.)
Tony: No, wait, can I change my reply? Here: It gets restocked automatically. I didn't cancel the order in time. I just found them sitting there in the kitchen. Screw you.
The emotions – something between a ping-pong infection and an avalanche – were too much. A part of Tony couldn't take them. It just stood a little apart, and looked on, and thought: of all the unlikely things that have happened in the past few months, this seems hardest to believe.
During Tony's lectures, Rogers, more often than not, sat in the back. He would usually scribble something, his head bent low. Seemingly not listening.
Tony: And you know what's worst? I don't even remember typing it. Because of the booze. I have it in my phone, but I don't even fucking remember.
version of him, at least – for my own happiness? Even if it
Steve took the offered sweet delicately, careful not to crush the strawberry, and popped it into his mouth. "Thank you." So polite, so gracious. The little shit, Tony thought fondly. The man leaned on the doorway post and something in his stance made Tony aware – even
STARK: No, I didn't mean... I just recognized you.
Tony: Don't worry about me.
He said that. Not in so many words, but the essence was there, or at least he thought so, because right then he had trouble following what his mouth was spewing. His heart was thunder and his lips were dry as the Mojave Desert.
Tony: Oh boy.
He stopped. (The song was drawing to a close anyway.) He took the ear-bud out, held it out to Peter. "I can't," he said simply.
Later that day, seemingly out of the blue, Tony said: "He loved you, by the way. In case you had any doubts. He
Tony sighed. It
Tony: And keeping reporters in custody an blocking the media isn't helping the cause.
He shot me a surprised look, but whether because of the apparent non sequitur or because I'd slipped with the pronouns, I didn't know. "What?"
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: Do you still consider these international criminals your friends?
"She's right, man," Sam cut in. "If you... if we don't go say hi now, it's going to get awkward."
"Cap, what's going on? Come on, you gotta tell me."
Steve frowned noncommittally. "Speaking of soldiers..." He paused for a second. "Why did you leave the academy?" he asked instead of acknowledging any of this. His voice sounded genuinely curious.
sure," and "I have a ring, too," and "Yes, I know, I found it in the drawer when I was looking for condoms," and then Tony kind of stopped listening.
Tony snorted. "Point." He stuffed four into his gun belt, then collected the rest of the gear too, because leaving it for the goons when they came to would be stupid. When both he and Steve were out of the cell, they politely locked the door behind them. They dumped an armful of other belts and vests on the floor. Tony's leg was still killing him, but he was sort of getting used to it again. The problem was, he moved hella slow like this. He wiped off the sweat from his brow and tried not to sigh.
Tony lifts his hand from Steve's stomach then and shows him his index and middle finger. "That's easy," he says, as the pressure on Steve's prostate eases even more, so that it's barely there, an unfulfilled promise of deep pleasure that makes Steve want to scream. "All you need to do is ask me to put two fingers in you. Again, I won't be gentle."
," I corrected quickly. "I mean the two of you."
“When I said I wanted to talk to you...” Steve began with a new matter-of-factness.
Tony knew he should say something. He knew that. This took too long. But when he finally opened his mouth, the only thing that came out was a weak cough (into his hankie, carefully).
The sight of Tony, in bed, with eyelids heavy and spots of color in his cheeks did things to Steve he wasn't sure what to do with. He stopped at the door, swallowed.
Tony: You could try sending flowers.
Tony was his subordinate and this just... couldn't happen. It was all in subtle hints, all a suggestion, an undercurrent, barely there at all – but it still couldn't happen. Steve kept skirting the lines when he should keep firmly away.
Tony: Yeah, buddy, I know, me too. But that's not what I'm trying to talk about here.
Steve's voice goes all quiet and earnest, then, in that way he has when something is important to him. "Is it just that, Tony?", he asks, and Tony wants to tell him to fuck off and Tony wants to kiss both his palms and cradle his head in his own lap. In a word, he concludes, he's going crazy.
For a moment there, in between grins, the lines of Tony's face looked tired and sad, and Steve wondered if he'd been like that on TV too, and Steve just hadn't noticed. But no, this seemed to be a case of acute heavy heart – must be, or the man wouldn't be here, driving alone on Christmas Eve.
Tony: Can you not do that again?
"You don't think Steve's all in?" he asks quietly.
try to mention something about it, Tony went on the defensive at once.
He figured out at once what I meant. He arched an eyebrow, gave me a contemplative look. "We didn't, in your timeline?"
Instead, he asked the right question. "Can you make it work?"
concentrate, Stark."
Tony: Something tells me you'll be okay.
" Steve hesitates for a moment, just standing there, but it's either make a scene or follow Tony, still holding his hand.
"I didn't get it," Steve confirmed.
Tony ran. Stumbled.
Tony: You know, I went to bed, and I woke up, and I had to check my phone to see if the conversation's still there. And I've been lying here, waiting for you to possibly wake up. I have two clocks set here, my time and Wakanda time, you know, so that I always know what time it is where you are, at a glance. And I've had it set up that way for weeks, Steve, how is that not weird??
It wouldn't be tactful to ask, so Steve shut his mouth. Tony apparently sensed the unspoken question, though.
Tony's first thought was:
Tony was already looking up into Steve's eyes, so it absolutely wasn't necessary for Steve to raise his hand and tilt Tony's chin even further up, brushing his cheek with his thumb. But oh, it felt divine. "Waiting for the perfect time never turned out to be such a good idea, in my experience," Steve said softly.
"Is that what you meant? Was that what the problem was?" Steve asked, and he thought that was not the case, and that was probably obvious in his voice, because Tony smiled.
Tony turned the headlights on, started the car carefully, and glanced Steve's way – now that he could see him a bit better – arching an eyebrow.
naive.
in the classroom. Usually it was several someones – a few new cadets, sometimes an older pilot helping them out with an assignment. There wasn't much time for either teaching or learning, so any help was appreciated and all kinds of group projects allowed. More often than not, Cap was there in the classroom, even when his teaching hours were over.
Tony keeps imagining how he would make him moan and fall apart if only he had the toys he actually liked - if the rules weren't designed specifically to make them hurt each other.
," Steve cut him off, and Tony abruptly fell silent.
Steve sighed, but he obliged. "Are you worried about me, Tony?"
of dolls, Tony?"
A few months later, I'm reorganizing Tony's bookshelves, mostly out of boredom, when he brings me the shield. He's holding it like an old, dear enemy he's reluctant to let go of. And here I thought I got rid of that thing when I gave it to Sam.
to him,  if only to tell him he had no idea what to tell him; if only to let him know that, if only he knew how to string words together, he'd
, essentially, the same person. If I believed in souls that's how I would call it, but I don't know what I believe in any more; I
And now, plainly, it was enough to feel Steve against his back, so near, so warm, seemingly so vulnerable all of a sudden, and Tony was gone, done for. Although the old hurt was still there, quirking an ironic eyebrow at him, he just wanted to fix everything for Steve, somehow, make everything work out for him.  The urge was overwhelming, and, taking everything into account, pretty silly.
Ready for anything.
"And that was that?" I was getting engrossed in the story, because there seemed to be something more to it.
Tony: can't now
Tony: Hey. You there?
"Go on, then. Hurry," the medic said, and, albeit reluctantly, Steve obliged. He pulled the rest of the protection suit off. He was now in his top and fatigues. The clothing didn't seem damaged anywhere else. Steve obviously didn't have any other burns.
authorities? But no, it was just like Steve to try and do this all alone. And as much as Tony tried to be angry at him for it, it seemed that he had no anger left, just this wet, sloppy, sugary feeling that threatened to overwhelm him unless he put a hard stop to it. Leaning on Steve suddenly wasn't such an utilitarian experience any longer. Maybe it hadn't been to start with either, but he'd done his best to overlook the fact. Tony's hand on Steve's arm burned with desire for
Tony: Also, if I manage to make a working anesthetic for you, that's one less thing to worry about in case you happen to need surgery or something.
"Fry, can we bypass the lock?"
Instead he looks away and says: "Want a sandwich?"
Tony: Because, yes, I was curious, of course I was, but I’m sick of being manipulated, and for once I can kind of see the options converging, and everything’s becoming sort of clear, and I’m sick of people trying to influence me one way or the other.
He reached his good hand through the slot in the door and Pietro passed him the cigarettes and the lighter.
He hadn't saved them all.
no, it’s right, it's always right-- then we'll get our newest, latest, greatest element in here, right out of the kicker, into this stripping chamber, and then we can just shoot it right over there to that sink, right, it's based on the arc reactor's old design, right, we still got the ten acceleration modules and particle bottle ring but there's no longer a reaction chamber since this element, in theory, anyway, has a ridiculously long carbon life.  Good news for me because, being honest here, this little tabletop science fair experiment probably isn't safe. I mean, the stripping chamber is a little closer to the carbon ring transfer line and the voltage terminal than is probably safe so everyone's gonna need shades.  When the particle beam is gonna hit that ring over there--yes, I know it's a triangle, asshole,
"Holy
He'd even had a good dream, which was weird.  Tony's dreams weren't always bad, per se, but they tended to be elaborate and fantastical, not
"The authorities?" Steve's eyes flew open wide. "No, please don't- I didn't mean any trouble at all, I swear.  Please just call my ma-"
Tony's brain was already trying to do the math.  They were at Northwell, which was in Rego Park, and he'd seen Queens Boulevard just a few blocks away.  They were probably only two miles from the Expo.  But once the suit was off, he would have to get back to the hospital, and traffic was a mess and he couldn't just leave Steve here.
like them," he assured him quietly. "You treat me like a person. Like an equal. People like Frond... she thinks she's better than me because of the way she was born and nothing more." He scoffed a little.  "I don't usually pull rank, you know? But it was kind of scary being in a room full of people who did not give a shit about the fact that I'd risked my life for this country. I don't usually blow my own trumpet but I
All of Steve's stuff had been moved in. The apartment in Westwood was empty. It was all he'd had. He could still remember JARVIS's empty voice telling him to leave. He'd never felt such a feeling of dread inside of himself before. He'd never felt so cold. Pepper had tried to apologise but he'd ignored her.  That wasn't fair of him. She hadn't deserved that.
Since when had Tony Stark given two shit about his partner?  And since when had he eagerly jacked off another man?  Every misgiving Tony had melted away in an instant; it was like he was currently incapable of having doubt or fear or any negative emotion at all.  Whatever he was feeling for Steve completely dominated his brain, flooding it with affection and love and making every problem and worry in Tony's life seem utterly inconsequential.
and no one could ignore him anymore. He was too big to be ignored.
He left the bathroom and went back to his cot.  He pulled out the picture of Howard and Captain America, and traced Captain America's face.  He'd never been instructed to take anyone alive before.  Captain America must be very important.  But he knew that already.  Against all reason, he
His eyes slipped shut and the memory of Tony pulling his own arc reactor from his chest flitted into his mind. Steve smiled when he made a joke; Tony always made him smile...
The door opened and Tony's topiary artists walked in, each of them carrying an orchid in each arm.
The soldier stared at him from the bed, his aching bed still half-sunk in the pillow.
"You might say that," said Karpov, still sipping from the flask.
"No."
"Awesome?" Haley filled in.
"Yemen.  HYDRA... HYDRA... no...
Hesitantly, the soldier smiled back.
Donner seemed to consider then, then looked at Steve again.  Disarmingly, he smiled. "So I'm going to have a baby?"
Tony watched Steve go, bewildered by the exchange.
"...JARVIS... don't bug us with anymore calls when we're post-coital, okay?" mumbled Tony.  There.  That ought to take care of things.
"Stay away from my omega," said Tony, before he could stop himself.
"But not the country," Phil supplied. Steve nodded.
Tony sipped his coffee, listening, watching.  So this is what normal people dealt with.
Tony felt a violent chill run through him.
He reached for his neck but they were gone.
"Should we call someone?" asked the older man.
Tony set his forehead onto the table with a thunk and waited for the ground to open him up and swallow him.  He wished there were a reset button; he hadn't realized Steve disliked the trio system and he also hadn't realized how deep his own prejudices ran.  Was he trapped in a relationship with a radically progressive male omega now?  One that, by the smell of him, happened to be seconds away from bursting into tears because of him?
Tony felt a shudder run up his spine.
Around eight Steve woke Tony up with Thai take away, JARVIS having told him his usual order. He brought the food into the bedroom on trays and set the boxes full of noodles and fried vegetables on the bedside before he moved to wake Tony up.
"Yes, you are, you insisted two weeks ago you were on an elimination diet that included cutting out any corn byproducts!"
True to her word, the picture that accompanied the article had been touched up.  Steve was wearing a high-collared blue jacket on, his hair a bit of a mess, hands in his pockets, looking thoughtful and serious.  There was a second one that circulated of Steve looking over his shoulder, the bite mark on his neck visible.
Steve shuddered in delight as Tony's hands curled over his wrists and pinned him down. He could have thrown him off, technically. He was stronger. But Steve would never have dared and he delighted in the way his alpha moved and held him down.
Tony was grateful when everyone began leaving his house, especially since he didn't want Donner to be around when Gideon kept calling.  Who knows... he might even try to show up. That would be bad. And George, with his irreverent sense of humor and own past, seemed like a decent guardian for Donner, at least for the present.
Banksy pulled out his phone and began looking up the top hits of the forties.  Tony looked over his shoulder. "Is that the new iPhone? Let me hook you up with a StarkTech III, it's got a way better interface."
His head snapped around from he'd been gazing at the chair. It pulled to him in the most sinister way. Steve almost felt an itch to sit in it. But he also had a strange sense that, if he did, he wouldn't get out of it the same person. It was stupid and nonsensical, it was just a chair... wasn't it?
"I forgot about that.  Eh, I'm over it, you can lift that."
A nurse came and changed the bandages at the back of his neck, getting Tony to gently help her turn him over (with some difficulty) so she could reach. Steve didn't even wake, which either meant he was very out of it, or the pain was receding.
"I'll show you, I'll show you, Alpha!" she said quickly, looking thoroughly frightened.  "Everyone's already up a-and doing their chores, b-but there's two in the dorms m-making beds and three in the laundry room and Willow is in the office with Mr. Joseph, and three are in th-the lounge."
Gleason let out a withered sigh and turned around to see Steve trying to push himself up. His mind was still fogged over and his vision blurry but whatever strange episode he seemed to be going through before had passed. Now it was just sedatives.
"Why do they lock?" Steve asked as he took the collar out of Tony's hands, even though he was sure he knew the answer. He just wanted to hear them say it. This collar was heavier than the last as he put it on but they were right. The silver did look better than gold; he was too pale for the latter.
The interview ended on a high note.  Talking about his experiences was easier than he'd expected; he'd had plenty of time to think about it over the last five months, and he was surprised to realize how much he had to say, about the twenty-first century and being an omega, things he'd never been allowed to say in his own century.
Ty rose.  "Why not?  I could use a cigarette."
His eyes widened.
"...I don't think he can, either," said Clint, glancing into the interrogation room.  Sitwell had succumbed to unconsciousness and was lying prone on the floor.
No blows came.  Yet.
And as they'd both agreed, logically, being scent-mates did not obligate them to like each other or be together or... anything.  They could just be friends.  And they didn't even have to be that.
The fight was over before it began.  None of the guards had stood a chance.  Natasha was dragging along her prisoner (no, Tony corrected himself: "subject"), and Sam was changing out the magazine of his gun, and they were rushing toward the stairs while red emergency lights flashed along the long, low-ceilinged hallway.
Steve actually believed it, which was nice. He had faith in...all this. Tony was so good with people and maybe he wasn't the best but he felt like his little speech before the shit went down at the Expo went okay, right? Even if no one reported on it.
"So are you two doing anything special for your anniversary?" asked Banksy.
"You just can't stay away from me, can you?" asked Tony.  He dove, twisting in the air, trying to make sure any shots fired were going up, not down and into the crowd, but it was impossible; he felt like he was in the middle of a fireworks display.  He was relying more on the digital navigation than his own eyes because the air was thick with smoke and lights; he was dodging every shot but just barely keeping up.
Rhodes waved a hand dismissively.  "I'm fine, I'm totally fine, I'm on administrative leave until the investigation is over."  He took a few steps toward the table Tony was standing on, clearly ready for Tony to fall over.
Hey everyone.  Hope you had a great INFINITY WAR week!  Don't worry: our works will never contain spoilers to movies that are still in theaters during the time they are posted, and in fact, often contain misdirections, so they are safe to read for those of you who don't have the opportunity to see things opening weekend.
Surprisingly, it didn't hurt.  It should have. But Tony had already snapped himself closed, the way he used to when they grabbed his hair and shoved his head into a bucket of dirty slush and held him under.  The way he did when he realized he could no longer trust Obadiah, the way he did when he'd realized his arc reactor was poisoning him. Tony was very, very good at compartmentalizing.
Donner looked at Tony helplessly.  "Should we call Gene?" he asked after a moment.
Steve looked up and their eyes met.  Tony tried to stare blankly.  Not to look hurt, or scared, or angry, even though he was all of those things.
"We can cut it tomorrow."
"Yes."  (Bucky had rediscovered the loss of his arm at least six times over the last few days.)
In between speaking with doctors, they spoke to government agents, giving statements, groggily trying to recount what had happened to the best of their ability.  SHIELD and CIA and NSA agents wandered in and out, much to the chagrin of the nurses, who demanded they leave their patients alone.  They were ignored; Tony and Steve were giving statements until well past midnight, until, finally, one of the SHIELD agents decided they needed at least a few hours of rest, and shooed off all of the other agencies who wanted a statement.
There was no response; it clearly wasn't a topic up for discussion.
And there was Fury, standing at the end of his bed, staring him down.
He was at a crossroads; he could go after Steve, grab him, save him... or he could finish it.
Steve sounds so vehement that Tony thinks about his answer for a moment. Tries to be as honest as possible. That's all they have left, after all. "Maybe it needs to be actualized in order to
, Tony."
Steve shivers violently. A wave of pleasure rushes to his cock, on the verge of enveloping him whole, but it subsides before it gets there. He throws his head back in frustration.
THE END
Steve's eyes had gone wide, but he didn't hesitate. He touched his lips to Tony's, and Tony moved to meet them. It was soft and shy and exploratory, a meet and greet. And Tony let it warm him through. Still he couldn't enjoy it fully, because his thoughts wouldn't stop talking at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just seconds later, before either got to say anything, they were interrupted by running footsteps. Thor emerged round the corner, at a dead run. "What's going on?"
have a phone Really. But you could have a kiss instead," Steve blurted with a defiant look in his eyes for a second, and then he blushed bright red. "Uh, if you wanted," he added quickly.
Tony: Wait, it's on Youtube?
know who that is," was what he said, however, "because you
His movements very precise and deliberate, he let go of the blanket, now wrapped warmly around Steve's shoulders, and took a step back. For a moment he allowed himself to admire his handiwork. Then he remembered he had more pressing business to attend to.
Oh. That wasn't what Tony expected.
But what he said instead was: "Fuck yeah."
"Did you want something  in particular?" he heard himself say, and his own voice was cold, and he was looking at something to the right of Tony's face, because if he looked into his eyes for a moment longer, he'd go in and kiss him, and everything be damned. And he mustn't, he
, but a spark in Steve's eyes was definitely irreverent. Only, with him, it was usually the lips that won the round, and Tony was kind of getting lost in his own metaphors now... Still, one thing was for sure. Steve never let go completely of his Captain persona, at least not that Tony saw. It was always somewhere in the back, waiting to step out like a frowning guardsman and warn Tony to keep his distance.
"Maybe we won't have much choice."
Tony: God, me too.
Tony: I didn't mean what I said.
"Could you stop that?"
, out there with Tony, smiling, dancing.
For a moment there, it seemed as if he was going to say something else, but then he said, "Okay." It rang weirdly; I could see the lines of his body, still taut as a violin string.
Tony turned to Rogers. "There's your answer then," he said, and added, "Captain," to stay on the safe side, even though it was evidently too late for that.
Tony: But I mean it.
They are thick – and bulky – and it's almost scary to think of both of them ripping in and out of his hole, but the thought sends a dark shudder of want down his spine. "Right," he whispers, because his throat feels dry and a little bit like broken glass.
Steve was. It was so warm in the car, but it had nothing to do with that. It was just a psychological effect (ergo, unimportant), because Steve spent too much time outside and it was snowing and the temperature had dropped all at once. It brought forth memories he'd rather avoid. It was nothing. Just a bother, really.
This was frustrating. And had this been a Timely night like any other, Steve might have gone home, the way he always did.
Tony: I'll try.
Tony: Well.
Steve’s heart stopped for a moment; he hesitated, then let the doubt take over, the reasonable being that it was; the doubt, that’d been telling him not to rush this, telling him to wait. It had been right. Of course it had. Nothing so good could ever happen for real.
But he was on his feet, then, right next to me in a matter of seconds. He grabbed my upper arm, then, and literally spun me around by sheer force of will.
"Tony... don't," Steve said very softly. His own voice seemed to be caressing Tony and belying Steve's own words. "Please." It was
"I would fuck you right here, right now," Tony said, his voice grating at his throat "But I know you don't want that. Not for real. And I'm sorry about this, Rogers. Really. I have a tendency to go too far. You know that."
Tony: I know, buddy, me too.
wielded the gauntlet –
"Wait,
seemed to be the right answer.
It was the relief that was making Tony flirt, he thought. Because a part of him, somewhere on the inside, was still shaking, vomiting at the fact that Steve easily could have died tonight. The fact that he survived the ice once was no guarantee – because here he wouldn't have frozen instantly, it wasn't
Tony: Yeah
"Even if almost no one knows who you actually are," Kamala piped up.
But of course Tony knows what he's talking about. How could he not?
Tony let his hand fall by his side and relaxed his stance minuscully. All his muscles still sang with tautness. Rogers walked around his desk. It was small; the whole office was a lot smaller than Tony had pictured – and sank into a chair. He gave Tony a flat look, then nodded toward the other chair. Tony took it, gratefully; folded into it. Belatedly, he remembered he was probably supposed to politely sit on the edge, his spine arrow-straight. Or something. Well, too late for that.
But if I ever let it actually come to that, I thought, I was going to come undone. Sometimes it seemed I only held myself together by avoiding comfort, avoiding other people's compassion. I could only take it in small installments. It would start melting the grit that held me together, and if that happened I was going to fall apart. I couldn't do that to Tony.
"I need you to tell me who to announce, please, and in what order," she said.
He knows he should tell Tony what he feels. It will probably deepen the rift between them, but Steve is done with secrets. And maybe, just maybe, it would mean something to Tony. Steve is not blind. He can see how carefully Tony is protecting Steve's flank, he can hear the worry in Tony's voice as he asks:
She rolled her eyes,
Another salve of polite laughter around them; Tony barely registered it. Everyone knew Iron Man and Captain America were such good friends, right,
Tony: No, scratch that, you probably do.
Steve was now worried someone was going to treat the
Tony: It's just that sometimes I don't.
Too numerous by far, the enemy kept herding Steve and Tony down, ever down.
And, in another part of Tony's mind: What if he could make this go further, right now? Steve was there, teetering on the edge. If Tony opened his mouth now, if he turned the kiss into something bolder, more passionate, maybe Steve would respond in kind. Tony would have sworn this wasn't there just a minute ago, but now... he thought he could almost feel the desire coursing through the guy, quivering under Tony's s hands, still motionless on Steve's shoulders.
I found them in a box of stuff from the other Steve's closet: my sketchbooks and journals. Or – well, not mine, exactly. They used to be arranged by date, but now they were all jammed together into a waterproof box, like all our other things from the Compound were.
"He said that?"
Tony: No.
, it had really been me and him. Still the fact that this was a different timeline and a slightly different Tony made it easier to say those things somehow.
“Okay,” Tony said, and with an enormous effort of will he suppressed the flood of orgasm that threatened to overcome him. Not yet, dammit, not
Steve paused to throw a few bites into his mouth, and then, when he'd swallowed, he answered the question carefully, "I think you love your daughter very much. And I think you are feeling guilty about the divorce. Jus like anyone would. So, about spoiling her – yes, you are? Maybe? A little?" Steve smiled. "But it's understandable. It's nothing to worry about."
“Look,” Tony said, still gently, and once he’d made an effort to open the tap, the words started practically chasing one another. “I haven’t had a real vacation in years, Cap. The last time Pep and I were going to get some downtime in Malibu, my house got blown up by terrorists, which, yeah, my own fault, I know, but
Of your ripped jeans
The thought was hot and frantic as they skied off the way they’d come, down a very gentle incline of the marked path, and then further southwards. Side by side. Steve’s left hand still held firmly in Tony’s right. Both of them holding their poles in opposite hands. Tony had tugged Steve up and dragged him off with a renewed enthusiasm, and somehow,
Tony: I really like the technique you used and what you did with it. I mean, white chalk and charcoal, they are stark by definition (pardon the pun), but sanguine, sanguine is supposed to make things warm and bright. But somehow it doesn't. It sets off the other two instead, but it's more than simply the contrast. And somehow, the color scheme just makes it feel... never-ending.
Steve didn’t even nod. He just closed the distance. Their faces were inches apart. Steve breathed Tony’s air for a second, then touched lips to his.  Tony closed his eyes. He was aware of the press of lips in a careful, boyish kiss. His thoughts moved down. Their hands, holding onto each other, now trapped in a burning furnace between their stomachs. Lower yet. Their erections pressed tightly against each other, pulsing in unison. Steve’s arms weren’t around Tony, and Tony’s weren’t around him either. There was nothing holding them so close, apart from the desire to touch, to finally feel the other with your whole body. They had both pushed their pelvises out, longingly, desperately, belying the innocence of the kiss.
He hadn't meant to be imposing. He hadn't, which was why he had
Tony: Oh my god, the innuendo. It's killing me. I'll never get used to you doing that.
Even later, Fury rose and said he had some work to do, and as soon as he was two yards away, Tony turned to Steve and in what seemed like a completely sober voice, said: "Walk me home?" Which he'd never ever asked so openly before.  "I don't think I can stand up straight."
"You didn't have to do it, though."
As he listened to the steps in the corridor outside, not hearing any, he felt unhealthily rational. He'd turned the full circle again, this time with considerably less hope as an outcome. A part of him didn't even want to bother with this, but he quenched the thought.
Tony: But honestly, I've been at it for months, and in the beginning I wouldn't have told you  to save my life, and then I felt a little weird for not telling you, but I didn't want to deal with any of it. And I didn't have all that much. Or, I did, but it all felt disjointed. I didn't have anything real before Natasha pointed me into the right direction, and then everything fell into place very nicely.
He'd even turned off his phone, because he thought it was probably inappropriate to have it ring (although the others didn't seem to be having too much trouble with that). He now turned it on in his pocket and sneaked a look at the clock. There were new messages of course. He scanned them, and
Steve shrugged, a little belligerently. "I don't know," he said. "Together. I'm still working on the details."
Tony: Governments involved? How come I don't know about any of this bullshit?
Tony: The artwork's really good.
Steve frowned at him. “Weren’t those supposed to be for emergencies only?”
"What the fuck are you doing here on foot, what the fuck were you thinking, why the fuck were you walking over the frozen lake," Tony was muttering as he hugged Steve to himself with all his might, flying towards the cottage at top speed. He didn't have time to say anything else. Already they were on the porch, and then he was helping Steve through the door. And as they stepped in, Steve suddenly went limp in Tony's arms and collapsed.
He nodded, saying goodbye to the dream; it hadn't been feasible anyway.
, he thought, just like he did whenever he successfully joked his way out of something. Well, this wasn't that, not exactly, but by the time Tony got to California, Happy will have forgiven him, surely. He'd fly in from NYC and wait for Tony in LA, probably tapping his foot all the while. "Please be serious for just one se..." Happy went on, then aborted that line of though, aware it was completely void. "Tony, where
Only, this was a hazing of a different sort. Less good-natured, somehow. Tony had noticed a few photos plastered to the wall near the entrance, as he walked in. Grinning men and women in the jumpsuits, with rank insignia. Very definitely not the men and women he'd been seeing around. And as Thor – a pilot who hung around the tech quite a lot – walked through the door, he touched a picture in passing. So. A ritual, to honor dead friends. It probably also included an element of organic dislike for the newbies who'd come to take their places. Well.
like that. Because Steve had to be modest, too. Of course he did. That was just Tony's luck.
And then they went back and changed gear again, and then they skied some more.
, he wanted  Steve to say.
The silence stretched.
"Someone might look out of a window."
She cocked her head and poured him his coffee without further ado. It usually took him longer to extract some. She seemed mildly disappointed that he was disinclined to play.
"It's mostly just us that are left," Natasha said slowly. "You. Me. Sam. Clint. Who's going to mind? And I know what you are saying, but, looking at it from a different perspective,
Tony: But that doesn't help us deal with the realities of the situation. I have to play with the hand I got. Get the best out of it. How can you not understand that?
Tony heard himself snort.
battle. I'd always rather have it be me and not Tony, but hey, we can't pick those things, I suppose. We were where we were. We'd both wanted death, but when we couldn't have that, perhaps now we could have a life instead.
. Steve suppressed the impulse to run over. They seemed to have it under control for now. Instead, he jogged over to Hope, who seemed to have subdued the nascent flames, and was taking a moment to rest. She at least appeared free to talk to and was much closer.
"Wouldn't surprise me," Steve murmured. "Is it sprained or broken, do you think? Can you wiggle your toes? I want to take a look."
"Great. See you soon, handsome," Tony drawled, and killed the line, and let his head sink back against the wall.
Kamala was showing Spidey something on her phone. Rhodey looked around, took notice of the situation. Then he leaned over and whispered so that only Tony and the Norse god could hear: "I think you're the wrong blonde, Thor."
Tony: Go to sleep, Steve. You should try to sleep.
Tony: That right there sounds even weaker now than the first time I said it.
In  the matter of half a second, he ran through a score of possible answers. Half of them he thought Captain Rogers would approve of; something in him barred him from voicing any one of those, because if he did, he felt, he'd be stepping into something he didn't know how to handle. He had to take a step back, regroup, get his shields back up. All he wanted to say sounded kind of corny, anyway. "I have to fly," he managed in the end. "Or else I'll go crazy in here." Well, it was
Steve raised an eyebrow in Tony’s direction. Are you going to have him keep on calling you Mr. Stark?
"The spider-man kid from the airport. I
Tony: Shit, I think I really need that PhD.
, Tony. I don't mind. For the kid."
, shouldn't we live the life to the fullest?"
"Okay," he said. "Kiss me. If you want to." I knew that expression of his. It reminded me of that one time, years ago, when he'd been experimenting with a suit's tolerance of high voltage charges. Thor was helping. After a less than successful try, Natasha and I were coaxing Tony to let it go for the night, but he'd insisted on tampering with it some more, and then he'd turned to Thor and said
So he’d ended up on his ass, looking considerably less like a dolphin, so what?
Steve hid a smile. And then he looked down at the mug in his hands, then up through the shading of his eyelashes, right at Tony. A tiny blotch of color blossomed in his cheeks. If he wasn’t doing it on purpose, Tony mused, it was doubly unfair.
sounded like, now
Tony: Of course we'll be all right. It's me and Rhodey. We have decades of friendship under our communal belt.
"I think so."
Tony: You're funny. I forgot you could be funny.
Tony: Wanna know what's ironic?
Tony: So if you ever go to Russia and try to get you some cereal, beware.
Carol is also there, and, interestingly, Nebula. Tony is always happy to see both.
"I said huddle, not cuddle."
"Thor can be pretty... congenial, yes," he said, and no use, he still sounded like a schoolteacher. He closed his eyes for a second and sighed.
Still, answering could be tricky business.
"Tony?"
Tony: I’m not trying to be insensitive here, I’m just saying, it’s okay to grieve, but I’m saying she didn’t leave you ALONE, yeah?
He should say
"If you're going to fall apart, please do it in your spare time?" Darryl said impassively. "We have a lot of work to do."
The guy had slammed into his car so hard he'd almost moved the car. Either that, or it was Tony's hangover acting up. It did tend to make everything louder and significantly less bearable.
Tony sighed and stayed silent. His teeth didn't.
"Holy fuck, Steve," he says, and it's Tony's voice, finally, finally, and he sounds tired and hoarse and just a little bit awed. "Holy
Tony bristled. "What the fuck do you
"No you don't."
Tony held Steve’s gaze. The man’s lips stayed parted for a moment, and then eventually formed a tiny word. “Oh.” said Steve. And then he said, “Well...” and then he said, “I certainly...”
"You took off on a road trip without any clothes? In winter?"
, actually," he told him, tone a touch lower than before.
Tony hesitated, then reached up and gently brushed the back of Steve's neck.  "Is this okay? If I touch it?" he said softly.
“Have you ever talked with Steve about your feelings?"
, more just the whole concept in general. It was exhausting and Steve never felt better afterwards, perhaps worse.  He did not understand the 21st century's obsession with therapy.
The first thirty seconds passed without event, Steve just lazily teasing his tongue around the rim of Tony's knot just because he could. It was a strange sensation but undeniably hot. Before the serum Steve could never have been stretched like this - but he could be. His blue eyes were glazed with arousal and wicked and his cheeks were flushed. A minute in and Steve was beginning to feel the fact that he was, in fact,
Steve looked angry at the mention of Sitwell. "He's like the worst double agent ever, how the hell is he getting away with this?"
"I-- I want to go," Steve said, calmer than he had been a minute ago as he ran a hand over his face. "I'm not giving up. But I don't want to do it like
tense," she told him, tutting at him like a mother. "You should ask for time off of work."
This was worse.  They hated Steve but only because of who he was, or who he wasn't.  Things he didn't choose. Things that were as much a part of him as his eye color.
"Sir, Miss Potts would like to know if you've eaten anything in the last twenty-four hours," said JARVIS.
This time was different.
we banged.  It was good publicity for them, and for the magazine, and for me.  ...I'm not as bad as everything thinks." Tony paused, then added, "Well, maybe I am, I've had like, over a thousand partners.  But whatever." He paused, then added, "Actually I got two of the thirteen
Steve's "friends," or at least the closest thing he currently had to friends, were staring at him from across the room, unwilling to approach.
Tony shrugged.  "They always find us.  Who knows why anyone does anything?  What I wanna know is why all three of these letters is addressed to you and not me... and the flowers, too!  What am I, chopped liver?" Tony rolled his eyes while Steve pulled open the letter. Tony was secretly hoping it was from some omega who had been inspired, because Steve seemed so down and he knew that sort of sugary bullshit appealed greatly to Steve.  He was glad Steve was getting flowers and stuff because he wanted Steve to see how beloved he was, how valuable. Being force-bonded like he was, it wasn't his fault, and he wasn't broken. Just... different.
thought Tony darkly.  In alcohol, Tony had found a reprieve.  A way to loosen himself, dumb himself down, dull the world so it wasn't so sharp and loud.  Tony had been told, as a teenager, that his IQ was probably around 215, but that after so many deviations, the test was no longer really accurate and that that was only an estimation.  Tony retained that fact and was well aware that he didn't relate to normal people; he'd begun drinking in college because it was the only way to relate to his peers, who were not as smart as him and also happened to be several years older.  In fact, he'd met Rhodey at a frat party-- he'd been too drunk to walk straight, and Rhodey had been furious, demanding to know who the hell was responsible for getting a 16-yr-old trashed.
It seemed an eternity ago.  He'd already determined that he was very likely dying, that the palladium cores were dumping toxic amounts of rhodium into his blood.  He'd already signed over the company to Pepper, who seemed like the most capable person to run it, which is how Steve had come into his life in the first place.  Steve had sauntered in looking sharp and young and fresh, and the CV he gave to Pepper was ridiculously perfect. Tony had briefly said he didn't want a new PA (since he'd be dead soon anyway), but Pepper had insisted, and after he saw Steve deck out Happy, he had decided he liked the omega.  He'd never had a male PA but as Pepper pointed out, his credentials outshone all the other candidates by far.
He hit the ground, hard.  If he hadn't been in the suit, he probably would have broken all his ribs.  As it was, the impact left him winded.
"I can't eat the whole thing," said Tony.  He was eating the burger in the weirdest way possible, pinching off little pieces of the bun.  "...I need a nap..."
Steve stopped when he saw the fight, his eyes widening. "What the hell is happening?"
Tony leaned in and slipped the collar around his throat.  He hesitated for a split second before fastening it; the click of the lock seemed loud in the silent bedroom.
Tony broke away and looked up guiltily.
Steve was pleasantly surprised by Tony's version of events. They weren't entirely true, no but it still an oddly romantic tale. Sure, they left out Steve's deception, Tony nearly dying, his first heat, Tony slapping his ass on the plane and Steve resisting the urge to accidentally break his wrist...but he didn't bring those things up. He wouldn't. Tony's story was cute and in the end the truth was embedded in it. They fell in love, does it really matter how? Steve squeezed back against Tony's fingers in a silent approval, blue eyes a touch softer than  they had been before. He figured he probably looked a little love sick.
Tony made a face but got up.  "Ladies, could you keep each other company?" he asked pleasantly; the two girls collapsed into each other's arms with peals of laughter.
"...that's cute.  That's adorable," called a familiar voice behind him.  It was being projected from a microphone.  "You're just too sweet for this world."
."  Another spasm, hard and sharp and hot.
If he'd gotten hit without Tony, would the HYDRA man have dragged him off?
I can't stand."
The director blinked in surprise at Bucky, who usually didn't speak unless asked a direct question.  "Excuse me?"
Natasha flashed a badge at the gate and drove them onto the air field.  (SHIELD, wondered Tony?  Or CIA?  Or NSA?  What sort of badge gave her such instantaneous access?)  It was oddly devoid of reporters; only Charlie, Pepper, and Happy were waiting for them.
?”  Rhodey shook his head in disgust, then repeated, “I think Steve’s friend, that Wilson guy, just hit on me.”  Rhodey was usually unflappable but right now he almost looked… unsure of himself. "What do I do?"
"He's okay," said the soldier.  "He says he heals fast. No hard feelings."  His tone had lightened and sounded more human, with far less of the flat, child-like voice he'd had earlier.
if you want to bond, or marry, or have kids, or adopt a three-legged dog, or buy a house up in Cape Cod with a white picket fence.  I don't give a damn.  But the moment that your partner is on the team, now it's an issue for SHIELD.  I need to know he can follow your orders, that your bond isn't going to create a problem for us on the battlefield.  You think HYDRA plays by the rules?  You think they're gonna respect the special little relationship you two have?  And, lastly, stop acting like it's the forties.  You think everyone's out to get you because you're an omega.  Well, I don't care, Cap.  Never have.  Not since I started the Avengers Initiative two years ago.  Stop acting like I'm against you just because I'm shoving some hard truths in your face."
Did the blond feel it too?  If so, then...
. He'd met hundreds of people from all across the world and he'd never smelt anything like of it.  But Stone was part of Status Alliance; he could only be an omega, surely?
Piper looked positively alarmed at being spoken to by Tony; she shrank back a little, pressing into Eric's arm.
"...do you want the notebook, James?  Maybe if you wrote stuff down, you'd get better at remembering it," suggested Pietro.  In a flash, the notebook had disappeared from Bucky's hands. "Let's get you one that's not red, though, okay?  Pick out one you like."
"Look, Steve, the Mark IV is an early prototype and it took a real beating in Morocco.  The fact that it's non-gantry and flew here without killing me is a freakin' miracle.  Anyway, you can't rush perfection."
Steve swallowed and ran a hand over his face. He moved out of the bedroom before Tony could begin to wake up. He slept on the sofa. Tomorrow was his test. He needed a good night’s sleep.
his mind was screaming at him.
Tony wanted to turned and yell at Steve for making this all about Bucky.  For asking that scientist about him and for using his death to justify all those other deaths.  But Bucky wasn't dead, was he? Because when Steve had asked about him, asked about James Buchanan Barnes, the scientist had known exactly who he meant and he said he didn't have clearance to the Winter Soldier program.  That pretty much confirmed what Steve had been saying all along.
"These suits are mine.  You don't have what it takes.  That's
"It makes me angrier than I can ever express that I can't make him pay for it.  But I also care because it proves how strong you are. It's proof of what you've endured and that you've come out the other side." Steve tilted his head and kissed the corner of his mouth. "That wasn't real." He kissed Tony's bottom lip. "But this is."
He pressed himself against the glass; Steve had settled back against the chair and closed his eyes.
