“It’s too much of a coincidence for it to not be related. But we already determined that it’s not the record player. What else could it be?”
“What?” he rubs his arm dramatically and gives Sam a look through the screen.”See what happens when you’re not here?”
Cas backs Dean up to the counter and licks his way into his mouth and Dean’s hand finds its way under Cas’ shirt. His fingers graze the taught lines of Cas’ abdomen leaving fire in their wake. Cas shivers and works his mouth down the side of Dean’s neck, sucking a mark into the skin just below his ear.
Eileen lets them scroll through the pictures on her camera while they wait for their food to arrive and they discuss their plans for the rest of the evening.
“Please Dean, I need you.” Cas mumbles against his skin and it breaks his resolve. He pulls Cas into a deep kiss and rolls to pin him to the bed. Cas groans and bucks his hips up against Dean.
“I’ll talk to him. I’m not sleeping in the basement.” Dean opens the suitcase and pulls out a few things. He wants to wash off all the travel grime before dinner. He gives Cas a kiss and then leaves to find the bathroom Sam pointed out earlier. Cas wanders into the kitchen to see if Eileen needs any help. She doesn’t hesitate to put him to work.
“He was up on a friend’s roof replacing the shingles when he stepped on some loose ones and slipped. Fell a good twenty feet. Cracked a few ribs, dislocated his shoulder and hit his head pretty hard.” Cas stared open mouthed at Sam. He’d completely forgotten that he was supposed to not be listening to this conversation.
“Ok everyone, so our table really only seats four comfortably but you’re all welcome to sit in the living room if you’d like, make yourselves comfortable. Plates and forks are on the counter just grab what you want and find a seat.” Sam instructed.
“Juice please.” She pulls out the juice and sets it on the table in front of Sam and then pulls out a couple beers for John and herself.
“Oh, um I’m Dean. Cas’ friend.” He offers a hand to the man but Chuck just stares at him until he drops his hand.
“Nothing. Forget I said anything.” Sam quickly backtracked at his brother’s tone. “It’s been a long day I think I’m gonna get some sleep. Night Dean.” Sam almost missed the look of concern mingled with relief on his brother’s face when he let the subject drop.
Cas sits heavily on the couch next to his brother. Too shocked to cry, he just stares off into space.
Dean spends the next couple days at his “friend’s” place but he won’t tell Sam much about this friend other than his name is Cas and they met a couple months ago. Sam tries to weedle more information out of him but Dean is suspiciously tight lipped on the matter. He finds a way to turn every conversation back on Sam and the LSAT and eventually Sam gives up. At least for the time being.
“It’s all for the best.” Cas shrugged and took a bite of his sandwich. “Never would have worked long term anyways.” He said through a mouth full of food. Hoping his nonchalance would convince his brother not to push.
“Don’t ask stupid questions” He says with a groggy voice and then surges forward to kiss Dean. Dean kisses him back for a moment but then gently pushes him back when he starts to reach under his shirt.
“See it's not that bad. Plus from what he told me there isn't much to tell. You made the right choice there in only giving him the bare minimum of information.” Kali pats his back reassuringly.
“Cas, Cas.” blue eyes blink open and he glares at Sam for a second before he remembers why he’s there.
“And you’re already drunk?” Cas grumbles as he pulls away from his brother. “Where’s Kali? Isn’t she supposed to keep you away from the liquor at family dinners?”
“Alright, on one condition. No one mentions my love life or lack thereof. Deal?” Cas holds out his hand and Kali shakes it.
“Dad said we have to stay here.” Dean tries to reason with him but at seven years old Sam has recently entered a bratty phase.
“Probably. But you should know better. Your brother can't keep his trap shut to save his life. Especially when he's been drinking.”
John had dropped off his boys three days ago while he tracked down a werewolf. They’d been having fun playing in the snow and watching cartoons but their dad still hadn’t returned and it was Christmas eve. Little Sammy asked Bobby if Santa would be able to find them this year. Dean stepped in when Bobby didn’t seem to have an answer and told Sammy that Santa would try to find them but sometimes it was hard when they moved around so much. Bobby felt bad for the kid who, by all rights, should still believe in Santa himself. But here he was knowing Santa wasn’t real and doing his best to not spoil it for his brother.
“Dean, get up.” Dean startles awake and then freezes when Jack starts to stir. Once the child settles back down without waking up the four adults let out the breaths they’d been holding.
He looked back up at the mall santa sitting on the overstuffed chair next to a large christmas tree. Cas smiled in approval. Even from this distance, he could see that this guy was leagues above the guy that played Santa the previous year. Jack had been so excited last year that he could not sit still long enough for a picture and Santa hadn’t had the patience to deal with him. He wasn’t rude or anything but he didn’t seem at all interested in conversing with the child. Before Jack even really had a chance to tell Santa what he wanted, the man was handing him a candy cane and passing him off to an elf to be returned to his parents. Luckily for Castiel the three year old was easily distracted by the candy. Jack might not be distracted as easily this year so Cas was glad it was a different Santa.
Sam and Dean were out on a hunt and they’d left Cas and Jack behind to ‘hold down the fort’ as Dean put it. Cas just squinted at him but didn’t ask, he’d learned that when Dean said things like that it was usually some common human phrase.
“Morning sunshine. Coffee?” Dean asks and Cas groans, taking the cup out of Dean’s hands and drinking half of it in one go. He’s lucky it’s cooled off a little while Dean and Sam were talking. Sam watches as his brother just stands there and grins at the man that stole his coffee.
“Well, he did say something about raising bees back in Philadelphia and how he misses it.” She shrugs “I don’t really know what he would like for a gift. Sorry.”
“Merry Christmas!” Dean cheers instead of answering his question. He sets the box in front of Cas and there is clearly something trying to get out.
“Jo filmed it too.” Cas gasped between laughter. Dean’s face went red and he couldn’t believe that Cas had seen him running around drunk, wearing a bikini.
“It’s been a long day.” Dean groans as he sinks into the soft mattress. It’s not as comfortable as their memory foam one but it’s better than a hotel. Cas slips under the covers next to him and curls into his side.
“Hello Cas. I’m Mary.” She offers him a bright smile that makes his chest ache and then ushers him toward the table. “Do you like meatball sandwiches?”
“Oh, he’s back!” Charlie, his manager/ friend who got him the job, suddenly materializes by his side and Sam looks up to see who she’s talking about. It’s the guy that works in the admissions office at their university. He’s been coming in almost every morning for the past six months but he was mysteriously absent for several days.
“Let's get this show on the road.” Dean grips the handles of the carseats and carries them out to Cas’ Highlander. It’s not as cool as his baby but the older car just isn’t ideal for small children. Plus the carseats leave dents in the leather seats. Once the children are all strapped in they head off. Cas plays christmas music and sings along, glancing every now and then in the rearview mirror. He has mirrors strapped to the headrests of the back seats so he can see into the rear facing carseats. The babies are kicking their legs to the music and they can hear their high pitched squeals of excitement. Dean grins and rests his hand against Cas’ thigh while he drives. His fears haven’t abated much but he’s doing his best to push them down and enjoy the day. He’d even dressed the kids up in matching outfits for the occasion.
“What did Jack ask for the first time?” Cas finds himself asking. He has a bunch of questions he could ask but for some reason that one has been gnawing at him since he’d heard Jack tell Santa/Dean that he didn’t need a mommy.
“I can think of a few things.” He pulled the other man close and pressed their lips together for a long moment then he pulled back with a laugh and scratched at Santa’s beard “Tickles.”  Santa laughed too and pulled him in for another kiss.
“Can’t we just go play in the snow for a minute?” Sam wheedles and gives his brother the biggest puppy eyes he can muster.
The insistent buzzing startles Dean awak and for a moment he wanders where he is. He Feels a warm weight against his chest and glances down to see a head of dark hair. He gently strokes the hair back from Cas’ forehead and then the buzzing starts again. Dean fishes the phone out of his pocket, careful not to disturb the sleeping man and looks to see who’s calling him.
Clair was almost asleep when she heard the unmistakable sound of bells coming from outside. At first she thought it might be her papa coming home from the hospital but then she remembered him saying he wouldn’t be home until way after bedtime. Then it hit her.
The sex is slow and intense and it’s even better than the dreams Dean’s been having. Each thrust pulls a quiet moan from Cas and Dean tries to commit it to memory. He can’t imagine how he ever forgot this feeling. Not just the physical part of it, which is great, but the all consuming feeling of rightness, of finally being home.
“Clair what’s wrong?” Dean reaches over to put a hand on the girl’s shoulder and she shrugs him off. He looks back at his husband, hurt clearly evident in his eyes.
“Hey Krissy, what’s up?” Dean glances at his watch and notes the time. Sam will be there in an hour and he needs to shower and change.
“I heard about this light show a couple towns over and I thought it might be fun.” Cas said hesitantly, suddenly hyper aware of the fact that Jack wasn’t a normal toddler and would probably not be interested in a light show
“Hey boys. I hope you're hungry, these sandwiches just finished toasting.” She waves them into the kitchen and then calls for John.
Cas pulls the ribbon off and the lid flies open as a small bundle of fur pops out. It’s a puppy. A tiny, fluffy little dog with floppy ears and it yips at Cas excitedly. He scoops it out of the box and cuddles it close.
“Oh, cool.” Dean tried not to sound too disappointed, but he’d hoped he and Cas were closer friends. From what Cas said it sounded like they were just slightly above acquaintances.
“I’m so glad you made it here safe.” She squeezes him one more time and then lets go. “We should eat not that everyone is here” she pats Dean on the shoulder and motions for everyone to follow her into the kitchen.
They spend the rest of the evening talking about this and that and pretty soon Eileen decides to call it a night with Sam following not long after her. He asks Dean and Cas if they mind calling it an early night and they tell him they’re ready for bed too. They’ve had a long day of traveling. They say their goodnights with Sam checking and double checking that they don’t need anything before he heads to bed. They assure him they’ll be fine.
Jack still went to school and played at the park, he liked cookies and hated broccoli. He threw tantrums and loved watching scooby doo on saturday mornings with Dean. And in the morning, after everyone was awake and fully caffeinated they were going to pick out a christmas tree and decorate it together because that’s what families do. Even unlikely families like the one they’d formed.
“Hey Dean, they chicken should be done soon. Madison had a pipe burst in her kitchen. I called dad to see if he could come fix it. Why don’t you and Cas start without us. It’s gonna be a while. There’s some rolls on the counter and that bottle of wine I bought yesterday. Just put the leftovers in the fridge and we’ll heat it up when we get there.” and then he hangs up. Dean stared at his phone for half a second in shock.
“You sure about this whole Santa thing?” Dean asked after his brother was gone. Cas gave him a confused look.
“Should I change?” Cas tries not to look too embarrassed. He’d wanted to make a good impression the first time meeting Dean’s parents but Dean doesn't seem too concerned about it. Maybe he read the situation wrong. He was pretty sure that Dean told Sam about their relationship on the phone earlier. He’d stupidly assumed that that meant he was meeting the Winchesters as Dean’s boyfriend.
“They’re on some mission trip somewhere or something. Cas said they’ve never been really big on the holidays.” He explains, for the third time. He tries not to let his frustration seep into his voice. He knows his mother just doesn’t understand how another mother could  leave her child alone on Christmas. Even if that child is a grown man.
“No man, you’re the guest. I’ll take the couch. Trust me, you’ll be much more comfortable on the bed.”
“No, he was just gonna stay here. We thought this year we might just have a simple, quiet, christmas. You know how his family gets when they’re all together.”
“No, I decided to stay home.” Jack smiles at him. “What were you looking for?” He tries to peer into the cupboard Dean was rifling through.
“Uh no, we’re not, we’re actually um...police officers.” Dean improvises. “Yeah, and we’re in your house because…” He can’t think of a good reason.
Their image comes back and he can see them squinting at the screen. Then he sees his brother in the background and waves him over.
Sam is firmly in the belief that Cas knew exactly what he was doing and he had to give the guy props. Somehow he’d gotten his point across in a way that Dean would understand and it resulted in Dean finally pulling his head out of his ass.
Dean had been excited to work with him, he’d even seen some of his past projects but the guy was nothing like Dean imagined. He was dull and awkward and he was overly obsessive about minute details. If Dean had to put it in simple terms he’d say the guy was a “control freak who needs to loosen the reigns a little.”
“Thanks mom.” Dean’s cheerful mother makes him think of Cas and what he must be feeling. He can’t imagine what it would be like to wake up one day and not have his mom.
“But if you wake them up you’ll have to deal with them. If you’re quiet you can just sit here, drink a beer and watch tv while I’m gone.” Bobby pointed out and Rufus’ eyes widened in understanding.
“How’s your face?” She presses gentle fingers against his nose and notes a shallow cut across the bridge.
He hadn’t realised just how much he missed getting random memes during the day and his traitorous mind started to wonder if the memes meant that Dean remembered him.
“Crazy right?” Sam grins. He still hasn’t completely wrapped his head around it yet. It’s still so new.
“Do you like apple juice?” A voice behind Cas asked. Jack stopped crying and looked at the man behind his father and gave a small nod.
An elf taps him on the shoulder, gaining his attention, and hands him a slip of paper with a number and the name Dean scrawled across it. There’s a small note at the bottom that reads ‘let me explain’ Cas looks up and catches his eye, giving him a short nod.
“Oh, um, it’s probably not, just covering my bases” Sam informs him “I think that’s all the questions we have for you at this time. Just give us a call if you think of anything else.” He hands them a business card and they leave.
“Is that what people do for Christmas, make cookies?” Jack picks up a cookie cutter shaped like a tree and examines it.
“Yeah, but you just had one baby” Dean points out while he settles Clair against his hip. The baby reaches up to grab his nose and squeals with laughter when he gives her little hand a loud kiss.
“Sorry” Cas says groggily. “Jack woke up when Dean tried to put him to bed and he insisted on a bedtime story and one story turned into five and I guess we fell asleep.” Cas yawns and gives his husband a nudge.
“Ok fair enough. I thought I’d told you already but I guess I didn’t.” Dean holds his hands up in surrender. “You’re on break soon right? Cause I kinda wanted you guys to meet.” He looks at his watch and then at the door. “He should be here soon. The door opens and a woman with a stroller glides in, followed by Novak.
“It can’t go anywhere Gabe. Mom and dad would never approve, She’s not... “ Cas searches for the right way to phrase it without giving even more away.
Sure He and Dean had known each other for nearly four years now. They had a lot of classes together but up until a year ago they were only acquaintances. The kind of acquaintance where you know the person’s face and you might nod a hello when you pass each other on campus but other than that you don’t really talk. They had been paired together on a project for one of their design classes. They had to design a green, sustainable office building for the final and they were assigned partners at the beginning of the semester and then give half the semester’s class time to work on it. He and dean had spent several weeks together on that project.
“Yeah that one. I was gonna wait and tell you after that was over because I didn’t want to stress you out.”
Dean’s not really sure what this movie is about but he settles into his seat quietly and watches the previews and wonders if he’d seen these previews before. Maybe he’s even seen this movie and he just doesn’t remember it. Maybe it was a crap movie that he’s already seen and the look the ticket guy gave him had nothing to do with him being alone. Maybe he was pitying him for seeing the movie twice or wondering what was wrong with him. But for that to be true the ticket guy would have to recognize him and while the town isn’t that big it’s still unlikely that some random teenager at a movie theater would recognize Dean, let alone remember what movies he’d seen at this theater.
“Uh, that’s… we don’t have to…” he looks pleadingly at the other guests and then back at Charlie “I don’t think it would be right to make Charlie kiss a guy just for the sake of some stupid holiday tradition.” Benny looks pleased with his sound argument but the drunk party guests aren't having it. They’re chanting ‘kiss kiss kiss kiss’ and if Charlie ever figures out who started it she’ll skin them alive.
“No, he doesn't remember. He sends memes to everyone. It’s his prefered way of communicating.” Cas tells himself but that little nugget of hope won’t go away.
“Well apparently my brain has a lot of material to draw from. Even if I don’t remember it when I’m conscious.” His words seem to dampen the moment for both of them.
“What’s going on Dean?” Dean hesitates and looks at Cas. Silently asking if he can tell Sam what happened. Cas nodes.
Dean and Cas had been sending funny memes and gifs back and forth since last night, well, it had started as memes and gifs then somewhere around two they just started talking. They talked for hours before Cas insisted on going to bed. When Dean woke the next morning he briefly wondered if the texting had all been a dream and scrolled through their conversation just to confirm that it wasn’t. He even scrolled to further to BSA (before stupid accident) conversations. It was mostly just memes and texts confirming plans. He realised that he and Cas exchanged memes every day, multiple times a day, for several months up to the date of his accident and then they just stopped. Until last night that is, and not for the first time, Dean wondered how close he and Cas really were BSA.
“Wait for me.” Eileen follows him down the hall. They peak into Jack’s room and see Dean curled around his sleeping child and Cas sitting on the floor propped up against the side of the bed, his hand resting on Jack's leg. All three of them were out cold.
Dean rips the paper off his first gift and stares at a bottle of massage oil. “Uh, thanks Cas.” He sets it aside.
Anna picks up Jack from Cas’ office a little after one thirty and watches him for the rest of the afternoon and the rest of the week follows the same pattern. Jack is a good kid and he sits quietly in Cas’ office and colors or plays with his trains while Cas works. His boss was hesitant about the boy being there the first couple days but when he sees that it’s not impeding Cas’ ability to work he allows it.
“I’m happy for you Sammy” he pats him on the shoulder and if he has to surreptitiously wape away a tear before he lets go of the hug, well, that’s nobody’s business but his own. “You know what this means? I get to be the cool uncle now.”
“Have you talked to Cas since the dinner party?” Madison’s anger drops at the mention of Cas. She’d only know him for a short time but she’d developed a soft spot for the guy.
“That’s because I’m a fantastic cook.” Dean beams with pride. He doesn’t remember cooking for Cas but he’s cooked for a lot of his friends. It’s kinda his thing, he likes to take care of people and what says ‘I care about you’ better than a home cooked meal?
Gabe: Now you’re testing me to see if I’ll say something stupid that you can hold over my head for weeks on end. I know your games woman. It won’t work.
“I like this one. You should bring him around more often.” John smiles at his older son then turns back to Cas. “So Castiel, tell us about yourself.”
“Don’t leave us hanging dude, what did he get you?” Charlie says and there’s a murmur of agreement from the others.
“Ok, you have a point there, but that still doesn’t guarantee that there won’t be anyone else standing at the snack table” Sam argues.
“Exactly, he does it all the time. So I started listening closer and he’s been humming . . .” Sam pauses for dramatic effect. “Taylor Swift songs.” Sam laughs.
“Don’t play innocent with me. I know you’re not that naive.” He gets right up in Cas’ personal space but the angel doesn’t back down.
“Ok!” She grabs her fork and stuffs a large piece of syrupy waffle in her mouth. And just like that her bad mood is gone.
Cas gripped his son’s hand tightly as they waited in line. The boy bounces energetically from foot to foot and Cas knew if he loosened his grip the child would be running circles around him and the rest of the mall patrons.
“That decides it then. You need some good food.” Dean stands up and pulls Cas with him. “Unless you’re not comfortable meeting my family.” He adds as an afterthought. “Sorry I wasn’t trying to force you or…”
“No, I have been. I was rude and I made assumptions and there’s no excuse for my behaviour. Can we start over?” Cas just nods wide eyed.
Cas wraps the leather around his wrist where it belongs and fastens the clasp. Even if it means nothing to Dean anymore it still means something to him. He can almost convince himself that the promise it holds of always being together is true.
“You do have a point. But what if Cas really is just a friend and we’re reading too much into it?” Mary wonders. John shrugs and wraps his arms around his wife’s shoulders.
“Should I...?” She hesitates and looks at her husband and younger son. She wants to go check on them but she doesn’t want to intrude. Sam and John shrug. She slowly creeps down the hall and stops outside Dean’s old bedroom where she can hear hushed voices. Dean had found Cas in the hall looking lost, not knowing which door led to the bathroom, and had pulled him into his old bedroom.
Sam gets distracted with studying and work and before he knows it two weeks have gone by since the last time he spoke to Dean and he realises that he doesn't even know if Dean found a place to live or if he’s still couch hopping. His break starts in twenty minutes and he’s itching to call his brother. First to tell him that he’s taken the test and he’ll get his results in a few days and then to see where he’s living and if he needs help unpacking. The thought is barely formed when the man in question walks through the door.
“We can’t frost them while they’re warm the frosting will melt.” Dean says it with the authority of someone who’d learned that lesson first hand.
“It’s just a flat metal tray.” Dean tells him and then cheers in triumph when he spots it buried underneath some pots. He pulls it out and hands it to Jack.
Cas gets a much needed lecture from his older (sometimes wiser) brother. Maybe our idiots in love will finally sit down and have a grown up conversation.
“Yeah, but you didn’t look too happy with the name you got so who is it?” She sits on the edge of his desk and gives him a conspiratorial smile.
She threw her hand over her mouth and held as still as she could, listening. There was a rustling down stairs and she could hear the sound of boots thudding against the floor. She silently crept out of bed and tiptoed to the landing above the stairs. When she peaked around the corner she saw her dad walk past, he was already in his pajamas and he was sneaking some of Santa’s cookies. She was about to bust him for it but someone else beat her to it.
“Dude that’s messed up.” Sam grimaces and Charlie nodes along, sharing his sentiments. Neither of them really liked Gordon but he and Dean had been assigned to the same dorm room their first year of college and they’d become friends so a couple years later when they decided to move out of the dorms they thought it would be more cost efficient if they just shared an apartment off campus. It had been going alright for nearly three years. At least Dean thought so, apparently he was wrong.
“What are these?” Jack pulls one out of the sleeve and stares at it holding some ancient secrets. A middle aged man in line behind them laughs and he gives Sam a commiserating look.
“Charlie it’s not that important.” Dean tries to placate her but she shakes her head, even though he can’t see her.
The awed look on Dean’s face when Cas carried the tree down the stairs into the bunker made his heart skip a beat. He’d do anything if it meant Dean would look at him like that. Dean quickly schooled his excitement and made an off handed remark about how he’d gotten the tree too early and it would be dead by December 25th. Cas ignored it and told Dean to go get the base out of his truck so they could set it up. That’s how they ended up in their current positions. Dean contorting his body to try and screw the tree into the base and Sam telling Cas that the tree is leaning too far to the left or too far forward so he could adjust it. Which is how Dean ended up with a sore finger.
The rest of the call is filled with polite conversation about work and school and Sam finds that the tight feeling in his chest that had started when his flight was canceled, is starting to let up. He’d missed his parents. Dean was only a couple hours away and he saw him regularly but his parents were several states away and with school and work he only got to see them a couple times a year. They end the call with promises to talk soon and his mother promises to send his gifts home with Dean. He’d sent his parents gifts with Dean the week before because he wanted to drive home instead of fly and it just made more sense for Dean to take the gifts instead of them taking up space in Sam’s carryon. His mother had even insisted on opening them in front of the camera during their call so Sam could see their reactions.
“I did have to get you this though. You deserve it, we all deserve it.” He adds cryptically and Dean’s mind immediately goes down a forbidden path. His heart speeds up and his traitorous thoughts bring up ideas of Jack bringing Cas back. He shuts those down as fast as he can. He knows if he lets himself hope it will only hurt more when he’s wrong.
Before he works up the courage to turn around he hears them get up and walk out of the room. He bows his head with a deep sigh when he knows they’re gone. Now he feels even worse because his moping has made them so uncomfortable that they didn’t want to even try with him this morning. Not that he blames them. It’s Christmas morning after all and no one wants to be stuck with a sulky joy killer on Christmas morning. Hell, he doesn’t even like being stuck with himself on a regular day.
“You like orange juice.” Cas argued. He knew better than to try and reason with an emotional four year old but Jack was a pretty level headed child most days. And he truly did like orange juice, he was just tired and cranky from being woken up too early.
Patience runs out of patience and instead of trying to get Dean to finish opening the present he’s holding she grabs the 11th present and tears it open. It’s a bottle of strawberry flavored lube. Dean looks at it and suddenly forgets the package in his hands and Clair snatches it away while he’s distracted. It’s a silk blindfold that says ‘fuck me’ and she blushes when she starts to connect the gifts.
Sam pouts a little when Dean tells him it’s time to go back inside but Dean promises him that they can get hot chocolate from the gas station across the street and some candy bars so he agrees.
Dean walks over to the tv and switches it on and is pleased to find that A Charlie Brown Christmas is playing.
“Yeah” Dean says in a daze as he stares at Cas’ wrist. Cas notices his line of sight and instinctively goes to cover the bracelet. Dean suddenly feels like he’s intruding on something private and quickly tries to change the subject.
Charlie sets the pie on the table and steps back only to bump into a warm solid body. Two large hands clamp gently on her shoulders to steady her.
“Expected What!” Sam throws his hands up in the air in frustration. He has no idea why his brother is suddenly so angry.
“I hate you both” Sam grumbles and wanders off to find an ice pack for his nose. After the laughter dies down Eileen fnds him sulking in the kitchen and makes it up to him with soft kisses and gentle hands guiding him to his bedroom.
“Well there's the one at the mall, or if we want to go a little farther there’s the christmas village they set up in Grantsville every year.”
If anyone is still reading this after I've flaked on it so many times I'll be surprised but here's a new chapter. I had to write half of a new fic before I could come back to this one. I have an idea of how it's going to end I just got stuck on how I'm gonna get there because I never planned on this fic being so long and it kinda took on a mind of its own. I can't make any promises to be more consistent with updates because life is just all kinds of unpredictable right now but I will try to finish it soon.
“Um . . .” Cas starts and then stops, at a loss for words. “Ok I have one. Last September Dean bought me tickets to Sweeney Todd for my birthday; I’ve always wanted to go to a Broadway musical and he was able to find tickets for really great prices. So we’re sitting there waiting for the show to start and I noticed that there happened to be a lot of women in the audience. I mean we were two of maybe eight men total in the building and I thought it was interested because the show is pretty gory you know? I mentioned it to him and we tried to guess why so many women were there and we figured it’s probably because it’s a musical. Women tend to like musicals more than men do you know? So, finding that explanation to be satisfactory, we let the subject drop.  Well ten minutes later the lights dim and the curtains open. Standing directly in the middle of the stage is a man, and I suddenly become aware that the show we’re about to see is definitely not Sweeney Todd.”  Cas pauses for dramatic effect. “And I know this because the man on stage was completely naked. Dean, on the other hand, did not know that the show was not Sweeney Todd and the mortified look on his face when he asked me why there was a naked man was priceless. It turned out that there was a misprint on the tickets and the show we were seeing was called Naked Boys Singing. Sweeney Todd wasn’t scheduled to play until the day after.” The mortified look on Dean’s face was enough to force raucous laughter out of the rest of the group.
There’s a rustling sound and a yip before Dean answers him. “Give me a minute” he sounds out of breath. Cas glances toward the kitchen door wondering what his boyfriend could possibly be doing in there.
“Yeah dad, we know how corrupt corporations are.” Sam rolls his eyes and takes a bite of his sandwich.
“Dean…” Cas sighs. “I didn’t say anything because at first I was angry with you. We’d made plans and then you just disappeared. I thought you were breaking up with me and then I found out about your accident and I felt guilty for being angry. After that I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t just call you and ask to hang out because two years ago you didn’t even know my name and I doubted you’d feel comfortable inviting a stranger over. And then when I came over for dinner with your friends and family I knew you wouldn’t want me spilling our secret in front of everyone. I couldn’t get you alone for long enough to tell you.”
“You have plans with Cas for the entire week? He’s not going home to see his family for the holidays?” Sam clearly does not get it.
He takes a sip, still facing away from the other people in the room. As much as he loves Sam and Eileen he can’t really stand to be in the same room as them for too long. They’re getting their happy ending and he’s happy for them. He really, truly is but that doesn’t make it hurt less. Every time he sees them share a drawn out glance or gently bump shoulders when they’re walking side by side, his chest aches just a little bit more. And it’s even worse when they notice him looking away when they’re having a moment because then they get these pitying looks, and they try to do things to make him feel included. Like they’re worried about him feeling like a third wheel or something.
“Sammy!” She practically coos at him. It instantly reminds him of the way she would say his name when he was little.
“Sam, I got a new race car. Do you wanna play?” Jack jumped off of Sam’s lap before he could answer and ran into the other room to retrieve the toy. He backs into the room a moment later, towing a box full of cars and track pieces.
Dean stares down at the slip of paper he’d just pulled from Charlie’s bowl with a scowl. Castiel Novak. Dean’s had to work with the guy on a handful of projects and he’s got a serious case of ‘stick up the ass’. Dean groans inwardly and shoves the paper in his pocket.
“Daddy look! It’s a blue lightsaber!” Jack yells excitedly and waves it around making his own sound effects.
“That’s true, I’m still leaning more toward witch, we should look for hex bags.” He starts pulling aside the couch cushions and throw pillows to see if there’s a hex bag hidden behind them. “Maybe he had the tree lights on a timer or something. Or nobody turned them off after they found the body.” He doesn’t find anything in the couch so he moves to an armchair.
“I don’t know Sam, don’t you think they’re a little young?” Dean asks as he cleans up the remnants of his eight month old twins lunch. Sam just shakes his head and lifts Jack out of the highchair.
“Yes he did, I saw him!” Clair states vehemently and pulls away from her father to glare at them both.
The rest of dinner continues in easy conversation and then they clean up and move to the living room. Jack convinces his parents to let him watch Arthur Christmas, promising he’ll go to bed right after it’s over. He doesn’t even make it half way through before he’s passed out across Sam’s lap. Dean gently scoops up the kid and takes him to his room Cas not so subtly makes an excuse to follow him.
“No!” Dean says loud enough to startle them both. Cas looks up at him then and sees the hurt and confused look on his face.
They did a little window shopping and Cas let Jack drag him through a couple toy stores before they piled back into the car and drove home. Castiel tried to get Jack to tell him what he’d asked Santa for a couple times but the boy was either pretending not to hear him or he was genuinely distracted by the toys. Cas couldn’t get a solid answer out of him.
“That sounds lovely.” Mary smiles. “When John and I were newlyweds we had a little apartment on fifth ave and I tried to grow some herbs in window boxes but there just wasn’t much room or sunlight. I would have loved the chance to have my own garden even if it was just a small one.”
“Mmhmm” Jack hummed as he tried to pull the wrapper off his candy with his teeth. Cas grummaced and held his hand out for the candy cane.
“Thank you Mrs. Winchester. I didn’t realize how much I needed that hug.” He says with a hoarse voice.
When Sam finally finds Charlie twenty minutes later she’s on the phone with his brother and she’s giving periodic sighs of understanding and the occasional ‘No way!’ or ‘He did what?’ When she sees Sam she switches the phone to speaker phone.
“Yeah it will be, it’s super sharp and it has this part that attaches to your belt so I can carry it with me wherever I go.” Dean gets more excited as he talks about his gift and it warms Bobby’s heart.
Dean stares at the shiny box in his hands and gives it a gentle shake. He can hear something shift in the box but can’t make out what it might be. He tears the paper away and opens the box to see a beautiful pair of brown leather boots.
They pull into the motel parking lot and are immediately on high alert. A large group of people are standing in the parking lot outside of one of the rooms while the manager is desperately trying to get the door open. As they get closer they can see a figure through the window. It’s a man and he’s banging on the glass frantically and they can see what looks like a mountain of snow up to his armpits. They immediately jump into action and push the manager aside to kick down the door but the damn thing won’t budge. After a few more tries Dean gives up on that idea and pulls out his gun. He gestures to the man in the room to duck and then takes aim at the glass over just to his left. The window shatters and snow pours out onto the walkway. The man is still mostly buried in the snow and a couple of the onlookers reach in to help dig him out. He’s got glass shards all around him and a few superficial cuts to his face and hands but other than that he seems to be ok, if a little shook up.
“Cas what’s wrong?” Dean asks as soon as the door is open. Cas’ bottom lip trembles and Dean immediately pulls him into a tight hug. They stand in the open doorway wrapped up in each other’s arms for a minute before Dean gently pushes Cas back and looks at him. “What happened.”
“Hey Dean! We’re at a light show!” The woman in the booth smiles at Jack and then tells Cas that they need to stay in their vehicle the whole time and follow the arrows and then she tells him what station to turn the radio to. He nods at her instructions and hands her money for the entrance fee, then he follows the line of cars as they slowly drive through the elaborate set up.
“Yeah, my brother is minutes away from destroying my apartment. If I leave now I might be able to minimize the damage.” Cas tries to sound casual.
“Where is that useless brother of yours?” Charlie complaints. Sam looks up at her and sees her hang up and then redial Dean’s number.
Clair watched in horror as her dad kissed Santa. How could he do that to papa? Clair felt a tear slide down her face and she pictured what next christmas would be like with her parents divorced. She silently crept back to her room and into bed. She stayed awake for a long time wondering if she should tell papa what she saw or if she should confront her dad and make him tell papa. Neither option sounded particularly good and she soon fell into a fitful sleep.
“I can’t babysit for you tonight. I caught a bug or something and threw up at school. I was going to call you earlier but I fell asleep in the car on the way home and I just woke up. I’m so sorry.” Dean sighs and looks at the time again. He wonders if he can find a last minute sitter before dinner.
“Thanks for your time, please let us know if you’re able to do any tests.” Sam says and hands the man a business card with his fake name and phone number on it.
Cas chuckles, he’s giddy with the high of finally getting to kiss his boyfriend after several weeks. He knows he should talk to Dean. Ask him when he got his memory back. Ask him why he didn’t tell him he’d gotten his memory back. Because clearly Dean remembers them. He wouldn’t kiss Cas like that if he didn’t remember. Past Dean would have been too nervous to even try something like that.
“Cas, I don’t think this is the best time.” Dean tries. Cas just shakes his head and fights back tears.
When Eileen told him she’d never been ice skating he’d been a little surprised but then when he actually thought about it he didn’t know why it surprised him. She was a hunter, and an orphan. Who would have taken her ice skating? Sam himself had had a similar lack of traditional Christmas activities until he got to college and started dating Jess. He tried not to dwell on that memory. The Last time he went ice skating was with Jess just a few months before she died.
“I’m crashing at a friends tonight so you don’t have to worry about it. And I’ve already got all my crap loaded in a uhaul. I just need to find a place.”
“That’s ok Krissy. We’ll figure something else out” he assures her. “Feel better soon.” He groans and gets out of the car. He knows it’s not her fault but he’s still frustrated that it's such short notice.
“No, you said you liked card games when you were growing up and you like sex. I just thought you might find them useful.” He says it so innocently and Dean thinks he’s gonna have to have another talk with the angel about appropriate behaviour with friends.
“You’re too paranoid for your own good brother” Benny pats him on the shoulder. “I’m going to the kitchen to grab another beer, you want one?” Dean shakes his head and holds up his still half full bottle. Benny nods and leaves Dean alone to brood over what his brother and friend might be up to.
He walked back into the bunker and gently tapped Eileen on the shoulder. When she turned to him he signed that they should probably go and she nodded in agreement. Jack placed a steadying hand on her shoulder and let her grip his other hand while he guided her to the garage. She winced every so often and had to stop once to take a breath but they eventually made it to the car.
Cas stares at the floor with flaming cheeks and wishes for a black hole to open up at his feet. Dean’s thoughts are quickly making their way to that same track. It’s not that he’s embarrassed about his family thinking he’s into guys, because he is, it's that they’ve somehow managed to zero in on his attraction to Cas while simultaneously missing the fact that Cas is not into him.
While Sam ties his shoes Eileen returns their skates. When she gets back to him the bleeding has mostly stopped but there’s blood all over his coat and gloves.
“Please, it makes my heart ache to see you so sad and alone all the time. Whoever she is, she's a fool to let a great guy like you go.”
“I’m going out.” Is the only response he gets before another door is slammed in his face. Madison hesitates in the doorway to the kitchen, having witnessed the entire altercation.
“Cas is just my friend” he reetirates. “And I think you made him feel very uncomfortable. He doesn’t like me like that.” It hurts to say it but he knows it's the truth.
“Right, just a friend.” Sam rolls his eyes. “I don’t know about you but I don’t play footsie with my friends during family dinner.”
“We only have one guest room Dean and Cas is more of a guest than you are. We have a pullout couch in the tv room downstairs. I put clean sheets on it earlier and it’s pretty comfortable. You’ll be fine.” Sam tells him before he can complain about being stuck on the couch. Then the doorbell rings and Sam leaves to answer it. Dean and Cas stare after him with twin looks of confusion.
A while, it seemed, turned out to be fifteen hours. They all took turns napping and holding Eileen's hand, bringing her ice chips, or just keeping her company. When the doctor announced it was time to push the nurses ushered everyone but Sam out of the room and again they waited.
“No mom. You didn’t do anything wrong. Cas’ mom died last night. That’s why Dean insisted on bringing him to dinner. He didn’t want to leave Cas alone.” Sam sadly shrugs.
When they get back to the house Sam leads them down to the tv room in the basement and is confused when the pullout couch is exactly the way he left it the day before. Clearly no one slept on it last night. Sam stares at it for several seconds before Dean asks how they put it away. Sam shows Dean how to fold it down and they put the cushions back in place.
“We were just starting to rebuild a tentative friendship and I was afraid of making it too complicated.”
“Well that puts a damper on things, Sam can’t cook to save his life. Would you be willing to settle for someone who’s related to someone who knows how to cook?” Dean asks in mock seriousness.
“Clair” Cas says gently and she lifts her head to look at him, tears streaming down her face. “I won’t be upset, just please explain.” He rubs soothing circles in hir back. She glances at Dean equal parts nervous and furious.
“Well I’ll have to see what I can do.” Sanat gives her the most diplomatic answer he can think of and then asks if they want a picture of all three children on his lap. Eileen says yes and Santa shifts Mary over to one side and waves Cas and Dean forward. Cas settles Clair next to Mary on Santa’s left knee and Dean reluctantly places Jack on his right knee. Mary beams at the camera while Clair tries to twist around to grab Santa's beard. Jack just stares up at the jolly man with wide curious eyes and points at his hat. Santa takes off the hat and settles it on the boy’s head and Eileen is able to snap a picture of it before Jack pulls it off and looks at it. The elf whispers in Santa’s ear Clair and Jack’s names and Eileen motions for Mary to hop down so her cousins can have their turn with Santa.
Gabe: Are you sure it’s not just his normal Monday morning mood? We all know he’s not a morning person.
“Because Dean-o is Cassy’s boyfriend and he needed emotional support.” Gabe stumbles into the room with Lucifer and Michael behind him. He’s got another vodka tonic in his hand and gives them a goofy grin. Cas sighs and pinches the pride of his nose in frustration.
“That was so fun!” Sam yells as he runs up the hill. He hands the makeshift sled to Dean and tells him he can have a turn.
“It could be connected to an object, that could explain how it’s moving around.” Dean points out. “Dude why is the tree lit up in an empty house?” He pokes at one of the ornaments hanging on the branches.
“Love you too.” He hangs up the phone and then finishes gathering all the stuff he’ll need for the trip.
“Cas buddy, why did you get these? Did someone” Dean sends a pointed glance at his brother “put you up to this?”
“Look Cas, it's a dragon!” Jack shouts and points at a large dragon to the left, the radio plays music and sound effects as the lights flicker and change to make it look like the dragon is moving and then suddenly fire shoots out if it’s mouth.
He finds his parents and younger brother all gathered around a flustered looking Castiel in the living room a few minutes later. Cas looks up at him with wide eyed fear and Dean gives him a quizzical look. He knew Cas had a hard time with meeting new people but he never thought his family could scare the guy off in less than five minutes. Cas is clearly sending him SOS signals but before Dean can even begin to process what to do his mother jumps up and pulls him into a tight hug, finally.
“Should we be mad about her getting out of bed and spying on us after bedtime.” Dean whispers while the kids rip into their presents. He’s got his arms around Cas’ waste from behind and his chin resting on his shoulder.
“Of course” Sam says automatically. “I like Cas and if he makes you happy I’ve got no objections.” Cas gives him a soft, shy smile.
They sat in Dean’s car and ate the whole pie by themselves and they didn’t feel guilty about it either. Dean knew Charlie had been up to something and it didn’t take him very long to piece it together once he saw the trap for what it truly was. He knows if Benny hadn’t interfered he would have been the one stuck under the mistletoe with Castiel. When he explained to Castiel the other man didn’t believe him. He thought it was too far fetched but Dean had texted Dorothy and asked her point blank if that mistletoe was put there to trick him into kissing Castiel she said yes.
Castiel was late for work and Jack was throwing a tantrum in the middle of the coffee shop. It wasn’t Cas’ normal coffee shop near the elementary school. Jack’s school had let out for winter break that week and Cas usually sent Jack next door to stay with their neighbor while he was at work but she’d slipped in her driveway the day before and broken her hip. He hadn’t been able to find anyone who could take the kid all day. His sister Anna said she could watch him in the afternoon but she had to work the morning shift. So Cas found himself hauling a grumpy, half asleep, child to the coffee shop on the way to work.
“Huh” Lucifer shrugs and then pours a glass of wine for himself. Michael pulls out his phone and does his best to ignore everyone and their father stares at Cas with wide shocked eyes.
“It’s the park by daddy’s work.” Jack informs him and the man smiles. Cas hadn’t been able to make out what the picture was supposed to be but now that he knew it was the park he could see that the darker blobs of green and brown were trees.
When they get to the scene there’s a bloodied sheet over the woman’s body. She’s laying on the threshold of her boyfriend's house and there's a photographer taking pictures of her heart laying a few feet away. The boyfriend in question is sitting in his kitchen with a few police officers and Sam flashes his badge at them, asking if he and his partner can have a moment with the witness. The officers leave and Sam and Dean sit down at the table.
“You’re just being mean” Sam pouts again and Dean sighs. He’s not being mean, he’s being responsible.
“Um, probably not with these cards” Sam hands the box back to Dean and his face reddens when he sees that they’re actually a sex postition card set.
“Dad tilt the screen” Sam sighs at the view of his parents' foreheads. John moves the computer screen down and Sam can see their eyes now but the screen still needs to be tilted. He groans. Can’t they see that they’re not in the frame?
“Agent Masser” Sam answers and then after a short conversation hangs up. “Sorry man, you're gonna have to wait, they've got another body.” He tells Dean who sighs dramatically.
“I can do this” He whispers to himself. He’s been nervous since Sam sent him a text asking if he wanted to come over for dinner and it didn’t help that Dean never mentioned it once while they were texting. Maybe Dean didn’t mention it because he’s not even here. Cas muses. But why would Sam invite me over for dinner if Dean’s not here? What if he knows about me and Dean and he invited me over to tell me to leave his brother alone? I can’t do this.
Eileen comes home a few hours later and joins them. Sam signs his newly acquired information to her while Dean and Cas are engrossed in the movie and she raises an eyebrow at him before glancing at them out of the corner of her eye.
“Yeah, I don’t need a mommy for christmas. I just want my friend Dean to come play trains with me and daddy.” Jack tells him and Cas is a little taken aback. “Would that be easier?” Jack asks him.
The sixth gift is a deck of cards and Dean starts talking about teaching Cas and Jack how to play poker and Sam takes the cards and reads what’s written on the box.
They head back to their motel to do some research on cursed or haunted record players but come up empty. Sam sighs and puts his tablet away in defeat. He’d even tried searching for the symbols he’d seen but they too were a dead end.
Sam rolls his eyes and smiles; his sour mood dissipates. “It was my fault. I wasn’t watching where I was going and the toe of my skate caught on a glove someone had dropped.” He admits sheepishly.
“No, we’re not lying,” Dean says and he doesn’t sound convincing at all. The girl gives him an intense stare down. “I promise, we didn’t take any of your presents, we were just making sure they’re still here. And now that we know they are, we’re gonna leave.” He tells her and starts backing toward the door. Hegrips Sam’s sleeve and pulls him along with him.
“There should be a hard copy in my filing cabinet.” Cas sits up and rubs at his temple with his free hand.
“Duly noted.” Cas smiles and takes a bite of the chicken. “Not too bad. It’s nowhere near as good as your bacon wrapped chicken but it’s not bad.” He comments and then takes another bite.
He sees a notification pop up on his phone with a text from Cas saying he’s finished his last exam and is going to stop at his dorm and grab his stuff and meet Dean in the parking lot.
The rest of the evening goes a lot smoother and Mary makes a note to ask Sam more about this Cas person when Dean is not around. She didn’t fail to notice how defensive her eldest got when the subject was brought up. John didn’t miss it either.
“So, tell us about this girl.” Mary said that sunday. Dean, Sam and Madison were all at the Winchester’s house for dinner.
“Ok you got me, I had some of that cheese quiche that’s in the fridge and I didn’t take any lactase before so I’m a little gassy.” Dean tells him.
“Hi” His voice sounds wrecked and he clears his throat, hoping she doesn’t notice or at least writes it off as something else.
“You’ll see,” Dean says and tapes the bag closed around the box. Then he grabs Sam’s hand again and walks him to the park they’d passed on their way to the motel.
“Yeah Tuesday at six thirty. It’s a weekday and people have work or school the next morning so it’ll be over before nine and there won’t be copious amounts of alcohol, don’t want any hangovers on a Wednesday morning.” Sam chuckled.
“Dean Winchester, have you been having wet dreams about me?” Cas can’t help teasing him, it just comes naturally. Dean’s blush deepens at Cas’ words but he cracks a smile anyways.
“You talk about him all the time. Cas this and Cas that. And ‘guess what Cas and I did last weekend.’ You expect us to believe you’re not dating?” Sam asks.
“That’s ok, my girlfriend Madison is coming and he doesn’t remember her. I’m trying to get a mix of people he’s know for a long time and people he’s only met recently to see if anything helps.”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have… I shouldn’t have done that.” Cas backs away even further, avoiding  Dean’s eyes. “I should go.” He turns toward the door.
“I don’t know, what do you want to do?” Dean hesitates. He doesn’t want to overstep any more than he already has.
“Ok so vics one and two live in the same town and they both went to the same therapist but vic three is from the next town over. He’s not connected to the other two at all.”
“They were pretty cute.” Dean grins at Cas “With their little noses painted red and the off key singing.”
Jack still has his hat balled up in two tiny fists and he’s giggling at it. Clair has managed to squirm around enough to get a firm grip on Santa’s beard. Santa gently pries her fingers loose and tries to shift her so she’s facing the camera and then Jack throws his hat. The elf picks it up and hands it back to him and he promptly drops it again and they repeat the action. Dean hovers a few feet away nervously. Every time Jack drops the hat he lunges forward to get it and Dean’s worried that he’s going to fall but Santa seems to have a pretty good hold on him and every time he lunges for the hat Sant’s hold tightens slightly to keep him from falling. Eileen is able to snap a few more pictures before Clair’s eyes zero in on her dad and she tries to lung for him. Santa catches her before she falls and Dean’s anxiety finally wins and he rushes over to scoop her up. Cas collects Jack and then tells the children to wave goodbye to Santa. He thanks them for visiting and then calls the next child up.
“Yes, I guess I could swing by for a little bit. You said Tuesday right? What time?” Cas was kicking himself for agreeing to this but the knowledge that it would be painful to be in the same room with a Dean that didn’t remember him wasn’t as important as his heart’s reaction to the knowledge that he would be near Dean again.
“No, it’s not that simple.” He sighs. “She sustained a pretty serious head injury and she doesn’t really remember me. I mean I guess she remembers me in a way, we had a few classes together before we graduated and he remembers being classmates but he doesn’t remember dating me at all. And when we ran into each other at the movie theater he sat next to me and it felt just like it did before. It was almost like things had gone back to normal but he still doesn’t remember me.” Cas lets it all out in a rush and doesn’t realize that half way through he’d forgotten to use female pronouns. Gabe catches it but chooses not to comment.
After a few hours of research Cas closed the laptop and looked at Jack. The kid’s nose was buried so deep in a book Cas wondered if he’d found the secret to life, or something of great importance.
“Sam?” Dean looks at his brother for assistance. Sam just rolls his eyes and launches into an explanation of the holiday and it’s history. By the time he’s done Dean and Cas have the lights on and are sorting through the shopping bags full of ornaments that’ Cas bought. Dean hands Jack a tiny ceramic reindeer with a red nose and tells him to hang it on the tree. The four of them work together until the tree is fully adorned with brightly colored baubles and figurines.
“Promise.” He gives his brother one last hug “See you tomorrow.” It’s barely even five minutes after his brother leaves that there's a knock at the door.
“I don’t know, what do you want to name her?” Cas looks at the  puppy for a long moment while he thinks of a name.
“She had a heart attack Cassy. Last night or early this morning they’re not sure she just went to bed and…and now she’s gone.”
“Nothing!” Dean says, too fast. Which only piques everyone's interest. Sam grabs it before Dean can stop him and peaks inside. He laughs harder than he has in years and Dean snatches the gift out of his hands. Dean holds it to his chest so no one else can see what’s under the ripped paper. His face is cherry red and he shoots a glare at Cas who's been suspiciously quiet for a very long time. When Cas is sure no one is looking his way he winks at Dean and then his face is neutral again. Dean glares at him harder. He’s finally caught on to what Cas is doing.
“She had tickets to see a show with some friends. I didn’t want her to have to cancel at the last minute. I’ve only had like…” he pauses for several seconds “four vodka tonics or maybe six?”
Cas moves back to his mouth and kisses him again. He’s got his body pressed up against Dean’s and he can feel the other man getting hard against his thigh. He moans and tries to pull Dean even closer. He’s missed this, missed Dean, so much. He feels like he’ll combust at any moment so he breaks away for a breath of air.
“Yeah, uh…We should probably call it a night. Wouldn’t want to disrupt Sammys study time.” Dean scratches the back of his neck. He really doesn’t know what to do. Should he hug Cas? Kiss him goodbye? Is that too much?
Bobby woke at the crack of dawn to a child shouting excitedly as his bedroom door was flung open and suddenly an energetic five year old was bouncing on his bed. The kid was lucky Bobby didn’t start shooting the second he burst through the door. Dean ran in after his brother and tried to pull him away from Bobby. He knew the dangers of waking a hunter in such a sudden way. Sam would not be deterred though.
After their trip to the mall Cas makes dinner, bribes Jack to eat most of it, wrangles him into a bath where they both come out soaked, and tucks him in bed. After five stories that is. Then he calls the number on the slip of paper that’s been burning a hole in his pocket all afternoon.
“Oh really? So Ther’s not a sex toy in this last gift?” He holds up the gift in question. Guessing from the size he’d say it was cock rings or a personal vibrator of some sort. “Who put you up to this, Sam, Charlie?”
They all looked adorable as they waddled onto the stage looking like little snowmen. They sang Frosty the Snowman, slightly off key, and then they all ran off while their teacher tried to get them to walk backstage calmly.
They play trains for hours and then they order a pizza and watch some cartoons. Dean thinks he could get used to something like this but he doesn’t let the thought linger for long. He hasn’t even asked Castiel on a date yet, doesn’t even know if he’s into guys. He’s got time to figure it out though. He’s got a fresh new year on the horizon and he thinks there’s no better time to start something.
“Doesn’t matter now anyway, she’s dead and she can’t hurt anyone else.” Dean pats him on the shoulder and then carries his bag out to the car. Sam follows him and when Dean starts the car the radio starts playing Deck The Halls and Sam quickly changes the station. Dean just smirks at him and they head back to the bunker.
Cas and Dean just shrug and when Sam takes a moment to actually think about it a lot of things start to make more sense. The shared suitcase, the coffee cup, Dean going to watch Cas’ students perform.
“It should be fine.” Dean realises that he really doesn’t know what Cas likes or if he has any food allergies or dietary restrictions. “I’ll ask him” He adds just to be on the safe side.
“Ok I get why he would want a break from that but why does that mean that you have to stay with him?” Sam knew Cas’ family, he and Dean grew up next door to the Novak’s until their parents were killed in a car accident during Dean's junior year of high school. After the accident they went to live with their uncle Bobby in Idaho. Dean and Cas remained friends through email and phone calls and then when they graduated they ended up at the same college.
“Cas” Dean says again and buries his face in Cas’ neck. The angel’s hands gently rub his back and card through his hair as his tears dampen the tan trench coat.
“Makes sense.” She signs back and Sam has to agree with her. Now that he’s actually looking at them from a different perspective he can see why their friends call them an old married couple. He can also see why it took him so long to realize. They’ve always been this close; it was just a little more toned down before.
“Oh, uh just a baking sheet. I know there’s one around here somewhere.” He pulls open another cupboard and starts digging around. Jack joins the search.
“Pretty, dark hair, you’re always with her on campus. Well I guess two years ago you were always with her on campus. Sorry I just assumed you’d still be together.” Dean babbled.
“Jack what have I told you about answering the door without a grownup?” Dean scolds and the boy looks up at his dad sheepishly.
Bobby paces the length of his kitchen, periodically glancing at the clock. He’d called Rufus two hours ago and the man still hadn’t shown up. Ask him to help dig up a corpse and he’s there before you hang up, but ask him to help watch two sleeping children and he takes his sweet ass time.
“Yeah she loved christmas and we had a family tradition during the whole month of December, where they would play loud christmas music on sunday mornings and cook breakfast together. So when I got up that morning and heard the music I thought it was because dad was trying to keep our tradition alive to honour mom. But when I came down stairs he was...ya know?” She gestures vaguely and Sam gets what she means.
Castiel wasn’t blind, Dean was a very attractive man and the first time they’d met he’d gotten so flustered that he could barely speak. Dean didn’t seem all that impressed with him after that and then the first project they worked on together was a complete disaster. Well, technically the project wasn’t a disaster, it had come out great. Dean’s impression of Castiel on the other hand...  The presence of the unfairly attractive man turned Castiel's brain to mush and he thought it would be a good idea to show off his skills in a vain attempt to impress him. In retrospect he could see how his actions may have made him seem arrogant and controlling. And with every subsequent project they worked on together it just seemed to get worse.
“I don’t know what you want from me Char, the guy’s about as interesting as a fence post. He has no decorations in his office, his secretary could only tell me about his tie collection, which is also pretty pathetic, and he’s too self absorbed to talk to anyone else in the office. How am I supposed to find out anything about him. Let alone get him a gift?”
“Not important? You took the morning off to look for a new apartment and you were so busy you couldn’t answer my calls earlier.”
“What the hell are you talking about? And why are you leaving? Dean!” Sam yells after him. He looks at Cas for an explanation but Cas still won’t meet his eyes. Dean whirls around and glares at his brother.
“How old are you? Fifteen? You’re not a child Castiel, you’re a grown man. Use your words and Talk. To. Him.”
“I think I just saw Hannah enter, you should probably go give her a number.” He tells her and she immediately starts scanning the crowd, spotting Hanna talking to Becky.
“Are you excited to see what your secret santa got you?” Dean asks, trying to strike up an actual conversation “I know the party is boring as fuck but they do know how to do secret santa gifts. The worst gift giver is probably Adler himself and his gifts really aren’t bad. They’re pretty high end, just very impersonal. Everyone else actually puts in an effort.”
It’s ridiculously easy to tail the receptionist after she leaves work that evening. They corner her in her apartment and as soon as she knows there’s no way out she decides to end it on her own terms. She charges at Sam with a dagger and Dean shoots her before she can get to him. They take her body out into the woods and burn it and then go back to their room to catch a couple hours sleep before they have to drive back home.
“Yeah just give me a minute to put on some shoes.” Dean grumbles and Sam hears him Shuffling around on the other end of the line. Then a sudden burst of inspiration hits him, he can get two birds with one stone.
The rest of the morning is spent looking at pictures and reading past text conversations. His boss told him he didn’t have to come in the rest of the week while he got his bearings back. He wished him well and expressed a hope for Dean’s memory to return before hanging up. Dean thought the man sounded nice but he still had no memory of him or any of his coworkers.
“It’s not funny at all. I’m not a fag.” Michael seeths. “And mother wouldn’t have allowed that kind” of depravity under her roof.”
John comes in a second later, ruffling Sam’s hair as he walks past. “Hey boys glad you finally made it. I’m starving.” He chuckles and then notices Cas sitting at the table. “John Winchester.” He offers his hand to Cas. “You must be Dean’s friend.”
Gently he pulls it free and holds it up to examine it. Light catches the metal charm and Cas remembers the day Dean gave it to him. He'd proudly held it out to Cas while simultaneously holding up his other wrist to showcase the matching bracelets. Cas remembers teasing Dean about the sappy words written on the charm but despite that he wore it every day. He only took it off after Dean stopped returning his calls and he thought they'd broken up and before he learned of Dean’s accident.
“Yeah I did, I told you about taking him to that new art exhibit and I told you two months ago when he moved in.”
“Daddy, can Dean come to work with us. I promise we’ll play extra quiet and not make a mess.” Jack looks up with pleading eyes and reaches up to grab a hold of the man’s arm.
“Alright everyone it’s time to start the gift exchange. Find a seat and once everyone is settled we’ll start with the person that has number one.” Charlie calls out and everyone is quick to obey. They’d learned their lesson in previous years.
“You’re like two minutes late Cas. I would have waited at least another five before I sent out a search party” He jokes and gives Cas a chast kiss. Charlie looks like she’s about to have a heart attack. Then Dean turns and gestures to Sam.
“Are you sure Sammy? I don’t want you to feel like you have to invite him.” Dean hesitates. He would love to celebrate christmas with the three people he loves the most but he doesn’t want to impose.
The original plan was for the four of them to go out to dinner and leave the kid with a sitter. Cas thought Eileen would feel more comfortable doing a double date instead of going by herself to meet a man she doesn’t know. Sam reluctantly agreed, comforting himself with the knowledge that he would at least have his brother and brother in law as a buffer if he and Eileen didn’t hit it off.
“You know, big guy, red suit, bushy beard, flies around in a magic sleigh pulled by reindeer.” Dean tries to explain but he can see that Jack still has no idea what he’s talking about.
“Yeah I guess.” They do their best to set out dishes but there's not really much they can do so they just sit and chat for a bit. Soon the time on the oven goes off and Dean pulls out the small pan. He sets it on the stove top with a perplexed face.
Dean dusts the flour off of his shirt and then covers the bowl with plastic wrap and puts it in the fridge to let it chill while they clean up.
Cas straightens a little and quickly rubs the wetness from his eyes. “I’m sor-” He starts but is cut off when Mary pulls him into a tight hug.
The pizza shows up not long after that and they all sit in stony silence, picking at their food and glaring across the table at each other until eventually Chuck decides to put them all out of their misery. He gives up the pretence of a nice family dinner and immediately goes into the funeral plans that Mrs. Novak had planned out in her will.
“Don’t guilt trip the boy Mary.” John grumbles at her “I’m pretty sure he already feels bad about it without your help.”
Dean surges forward and plants a quick kiss on Cas’ cheek and his own cheeks immediately flush crimson. Cas flashes him a grin before initiating a kiss of his own. His hands bury themselves in Dean’s hair and he lets his tongue tease at Dean’s lips until he opens up for him. Dean's hands grip Cas' waist and he pulls the other man's body flush against his. Cas pulls away a second later and gently pushes Dean back a step before it can go any further. Knowing that he won't be able to stop himself if it does, he takes a steading breath.
“You made me a mixtape?” He asks and Cas nods. “You know what this means right? Giving someone a mixtape.”
Clair gets a new set of headphones from Alex and Donna gets a gift certificate to a spa from Patience. Sam and Dean chuckle at the strained smile on her face as she thanks the girl for the gift but when Jody gives them a questioning look they just shake their heads.
“No problem. You two have a good day.” He waves and saunters off to grab a lid and straw for his juice. Cas looks at Jack’s cup and the dribbles of apple juice sliding down the corners of his mouth and wetting his shirt. He grabs a lid and straw for Jack too and then ushers him out the door.
“Because a bad man has been stealing people’s christmas presents and we” He gestures to himself and Dean “are going to everyone’s houses and making sure all of their gifts are still there.” Sam explains to the child, hoping she’s young enough to believe him.
Kali: Oh so that whole two months you spent trying to convince me to go out with you, that was a bad idea?
Cas’ family on the other hand was extremely religious and believed that homosexuality was a sin that one needed to repent of. Gabe had fallen away from the faith during college and so had Cas, but their older brother Michael and his wife were still very devout and so were their parents. Cas and Gabe still went to church with the family when they were home visiting and they tried not to throw it in their parent’s faces that they didn’t share their beliefs.
“Ok that’s enough of that. You--” He points at Cas “Kitchen. Now.” Then he stalks out of the room. Cas follows him.
“Don’t bother Sam, he’s pretty useless in the mornings. Usually takes a couple cups of coffee before he’s ready to be civil.”
“Seriously?” He arches an eyebrow at her like he’s not sure if it really is company policy or if she’s just saying that to get him to take a name.
“What?” Cas splutters. “Of course she’s a girl Gabriel. What else would she be? A...a... bumblebee?” Cas panics internally trying to remember everything he’d said to his brother that could possibly tip him off to the fact that he was dating a man.
“It’s christmas this weekend. He’s probably going to spend time with his family just like you and me are going to go visit grandma and grandpa.” Cas explains and Jack looks sad for a moment before he perks up.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. We have a bigger problem. Krissy’s sick, will you call and see if Patience can babysit tonight?”
“Have you ever thought that maybe he’s just shy and he’s still the new guy in the office so he really hasn’t had the time to get to know anyone. Plus he just moved here from Philadelphia so he not only has to deal with a new job and new coworkers but also moving and trying to make friends in a new city,” Charlie says angrily and Dean stares at her like she’s grown a second head.
“Sorry Sammy.” He steadies his brother and then continues on his mission to kill the offending noise. The shock of the situation has erased most of the dream from Dean’s mind but he can’t shake the longing he feels for blue eyes and perpetually chapped lips.
“Oh, ok.” Dean blushed. Cas’ fingers twitched, wanting to brush against the heated skin across Dean’s cheekbones. He forced himself to turn away from the man and walk out into the living room to bid farewell to the others.
“We need a large box.” He says and peers inside the dumpster. He doesn’t find any boxes big enough in there so he grabs Sam's hand and they walk to the diner across the street to see if there are any boxes there. Dean cheers when he looks in and sees a dry, medium sized box right on top. It’s a little smaller than Dean wanted but it’ll do.
“I didn’t know any theaters in town were doing Sweeney Todd. I would have begged to come along.” Jo said after the laughter was dying down.
They pull into the Winchester’s driveway a couple hours later. They’re both stiff from the long drive but Cas is a little worse for wear. He’d sprained his knee when he slipped on a patch of ice a few weeks ago and, while it’s mostly healed, two hours in the same position isn’t the most comfortable. He groans when he stands and rubbs at his aching leg.
“Yep” She says with a pop of the p. “I’m gonna go grab the pie” She gives Sam a double thumbs up and then scurries off into the kitchen. Sam just rolls his eyes and goes to find the place with the best view of their trap.
“Yep, seven pm.” He calls after her but she’s already gone, probably accosting some other poor bastard. He looks at the slip of paper again and shakes his head.
“We’re in a bunker not a fort.” Jack, on the other hand, has not figured this out so he’d corrected Dean.
“I’m pregnant.” Eileen beams at him and places her hand against her still flat belly. “We just found out last week so it’s still really early but I couldn’t keep it a secret any longer.”
“We just brought the one bag and a carry on. It’s cheaper.” Cas explains. Sam thinks it’s a little weird that they’d share a suitcase but he doesn’t say anything. Dean and Cas have always been close and who is he to judge what his brother and his best friend do to save a little money.
“You look great, but you don't have to get dressed up. We're not doing anything fancy. Everyone else will be in jeans and tshirts.”
“You mean other than our dad’s dead body?” The kid asks and his sister, Amber, shoots him a withering look.
After he got home and relieved Rufus from babysitting duty he realised he had forgotten wrapping paper. He searched through his closets and was just about to give up and use newspaper when he found a roll of shiny red and green paper buried in the back of his closet. His wife must have put it there, probably after their last christmas before that demon possessed her. He runs his thumb over the slippery paper and for just a moment he allows himself to miss her. Then he wraps the gifts and stuffs the stockings and silently creeps in to place them at the foot of the spare bed that he’d tucked both boys into.
They part ways soon after that and Dean drives home with a smile permanently stretched across his face. He’s even forgotten why he’s mad at Sam.
Charlie looks up at Benny with a grimace that he tries not to find offensive. He knows she doesn’t swing his way but he’s not some disease ridden scoundrel as her face seems to suggest.
“I want an elsa doll and a princess bike and for the new baby to not be a boy.” She tells him seriously.
“Oh um, that’s actually what I specialize in, it’s why my uncle had a position for me. He owns a lot of housing developments and he wanted me to research ways we can make them cleaner. Like what building materials are the best and the cost of installing solar panels. We’re also looking into creating rooftop gardens for the residents. Kind of like a community garden concept where they each have their section that they can maintain.”
“She should be fine, it’s a natural process that her body knows how to handle. Plus she’ll have a medical team and Sam in case any complications arise.” Cas assures him but even he looks a little nervous.
“Daddy’s making waffles and scrambled eggs. What do you say we go have some breakfast and then maybe you’ll feel a little better.” She reluctantly agrees but she clings to her papas hand like it's a lifeline the whole way to the kitchen. He periodically gives her worried glances but she’s not meeting his eyes.
“Of course. Where do you live? Do you need anything?” Cas rattles off his address and dismisses Dean’s offer, stating that he just needs Dean. They end the call so Dean can drive without distraction and Cas makes his way back into the living room.
“You wanna grab dinner?” Dean stands up and pats down his pockets to make sure he has his keys and wallet in a way that says ‘I’m going to go get food so decide now if you want to come along’ and then Sam’s phone rings.
“Sammy, uncle Bobby was sleeping, you shouldn’t wake people up like that.” Dean admonished his brother. Bobby Sat up and settled the child next to him on the bed.
“Hey kid, I thought you went to the store with Cas.” Dean rubs at the sore spot on the back of his head.
“So vic one listens to Blue Christmas and turns blue, vic two listens to a song about giving someone your heart and has the sudden urge to, literally, give her heart to someone?”
“Yeah, and they don’t heat up in the microwave very well.” Dean agrees lamely. “I’ll let you get back to your light show.” He mumbles awkwardly and they trade short goodbyes.
“I don’t like the idea of an angel on top of the tree. They don’t watch over people like that and it just makes me feel weird.” Cas grumbles.
“Sam has been complaining about not having a blender, since their last one got smashed. He can’t make his post run smoothies.” Cas suggests and Charlie types blender into the search bar. They scroll through and settle on a heavy duty one with lots of attachments and a high rating. They’re both trying to come up with something for Dean when the man in question saunters into the library.
“Don’t they do a light show in the christmas village on the weekends too?” Cas asks while he takes a seat next to Dean and helps with the laundry.
