“Why are you nervous Miss Mouse?” John laughed, startling Sherlock and Molly.
His eyes were empty and when he started speaking, Sherlock felt an unpleasant chill trace over his body.
If you say you'll pay, I will kill you – M
“Does it still hurt?” Sherlock hesitated before nodding.
Mycroft looked nearly as humiliated as Greg felt.
“E2 is a Military town. They require all guests to have a Collar so they know who you came with. Just in case there is an issue.” He found the Collar and shuffled back to Sherlock. “It will sting a bit. It takes a sample of your blood for identification purposes. It also takes some of mine.” He ran his finger over the inside of the Collar, wincing as the needle pricked his finger. He entered the appropriate data and set it to Guest.
Another petal had fallen.
“Binding the will of Father Time? What happens if it works?” Molly sounded slightly nervous, so John wrapped his arm around her and gave her a comforting squeeze. There had never been anything between them other than friendship, but John always felt a little bad for the timid girl. She seemed to get her heart broken quite frequently, even though she was the sweetest thing John had ever met.
“Let me tell you about your little pet.” Mycroft hovered his hand over John’s chest, the energies surrounding John starting to vibrate.
“The Master was afraid of that. When my partner gets here he will bring you some painkillers.”
"No need to apologize, I get it. You're straight." John felt his heart break at the miserable tone Sherlock's voice had taken on and let himself look at the boy, really look at him, for the first time up close.
"Lestrade asked-"
“He must have tainted the tissues somehow. That would explain the infections my Scanner picked up. It labels anything foreign in the tissues as an infection, especially if it can’t identify what it is.” John reached for one of the crates and pried it open, pulling out his tablet and typing in some data.
“What is the difference?” John grinned and adjusted the sail slightly before securing the rope. He headed to the back of the boat and pulled out a bundle of wires and chords.
“Sherlock! You need to calm down! You’re going to hurt yourself!” The Candelabra kept getting closer, so Sherlock kept trying to push away.
"I-I don't- J-John-"
“When can I leave this room?” He asked Mrs. Hudson one night after she had brought him his dinner.
"Good?" Sherlock could only nod, clenching his fingers tightly at his sides. He had no idea what to do with his hands.
“You really don’t know his name, do you?”
“No, stop that. You have nothing to be sorry for Love. We’ve already talked about this. It was my fault, I knew something was wrong and I didn’t say anything.” He pulled Sherlock’s face closer so their lips were just barely touching. “Besides, we never have to worry about that again.” He closed the gap between their lips and kissed Sherlock, a slow, deep kiss that left his knees more than a little weak. Sherlock whimpered softly as he broke the kiss, fighting to keep his breathing steady.
“It’s not a-” The wardrobe cut him off with a loud laugh and a flurry of fabric. He tried to escape, but found the door closed. His clothes were removed, piece by piece, and replaced with a new outfit.
He had trapped himself in a memory, lost somewhere in the depths of his mind palace.
“Afghanistan or Iraq? Where did you serve?”
His brother was sprawled out on the bed, shirt lying on the floor along with George's. The other boy was straddling Mycroft's lap, his face a mask of irritation and embarrassment.
“What would that be?”
"I love you too, Tiny Dancer." Relief flooded Sherlock and he curled up against his boyfriend, his mind blissfully quiet, and a dull ache forming in his arse.
“Please! John’s different! Please let him go!”
He grabbed the mainsail rope, tugging the sail open and pulling the boat into the direction he needed it to go. He knew his technique was risky, leaping from one edge to the other like that, but it was faster and more precise if it was done correctly. And John was known for his precision.
"Well? Got anything for us?" Lestrade asked, cutting through the fog that had settled over Sherlock's mind.
"Yes Daddy."
Sherlock winced at the volume of the voice. John saw and a grin pulled at his lips.
It wasn't said playfully,
It took them six days to reach E6, John’s urgency to help Sherlock making him push his boat faster than necessary. Sherlock stayed in his human form, ignoring John’s pleas for him to return to his true form. John knew how uncomfortable it had to be for the Siren to stay confined to that body, but Sherlock refused, never offering an explanation.
“Your little friend had an expiration date, so I let him expire.”
"Hmm? What's wrong Gorgeous? Not having fun?" Sherlock blushed and let himself be spun around in John's arms, avoiding his boyfriend's gaze. "Hey, talk to me Sherlock, what's wrong?"
"It's July." Joh laughed, the sound piercing the armor Sherlock had started reassembling around his heart.
“Don’t you stress yourself Dear, have some tea.” The teacup slid forward, coming to rest by his hand. He flinched, scared to touch the delicate china.
“What’s happening?” He heard Molly ask, she sounded as confused and scared as he was.
“I-I don’t- How?”
"Yes, it would appear so."
“Pleased to finally meet you John. Thank you for helping my son.” Mr. Holmes turned and winked at Sherlock, causing the younger man to blush. “Now, before we head in there, do your shirt up one more button son. It would appear that John left his mark and I’m sure the young man wouldn’t want your mother to see that.” John blushed furiously and Sherlock scrambled to cover the bite mark.
This was his fault. He should have been more careful, taken the boy to some seedy hotel before telling him. He should have made sure that the boy was safe.
Suddenly, the angle of John's thrusts changed, and Sherlock's back arched again as a cry was ripped from his lips.
“The Siren that brought you both here, Mycroft Holmes, took him back to their planet once he was stable.” Mikey cupped John’s cheek, the sadness in his eyes causing tears to start to fall from John’s own. “John, his injuries- I-I can’t imagine he survived the trip.” Pain lanced through John’s chest at his friend’s words and he sobbed.
"Y-You Daddy. I want you." John chuckled, moving his hands from their place on Sherlock's hips and gripping his arse tightly, making the detective whimper and wriggle against him.
“How many nights did you spend, curled under your bed, praying he would forget you existed?” Sherlock’s heart was breaking with each harsh word he threw at his flatmate, but he kept going, wanting the young man to feel a fraction of the pain he felt.
"But he-"
“No!” John latched onto Sherlock’s arm, keeping him close. “Please don’t leave again. Please. I miss you.”
“Did you keep any of the fluid you pulled from my lungs?” Sherlock’s curiosity was piqued, the terror that had settled in his mind disappearing for now.
"Well, hello to you too, Gorgeous." John laughed, making a happy smile pull at Sherlock's lips. He loved hearing John laugh. "We just pulled up."
“Fine. I was asked to come and see when you can return to work.” Sherlock’s arms tightened around John’s waist.
“What was it then? Why did his heart stop Sherlock?” Sherlock flinched as the other man’s voice took on a harsh tone.
"You talk in your sleep Love." John cackled as Sherlock blushed, pushing away from his disheveled lover and heading to the bathroom to get cleaned up.
“What did he mean, Sherlock.”
John turned and climbed back into his Star Sailor, leaving Sherlock standing alone and breaking on the dock.
"J-John- we- we don't- we n-need-" John smirked and dug into his pocket, revealing the packet of lubricant he had grabbed earlier. "Oh-" Sherlock's cheeks darkened and he smiled shyly up at John. "Y-You knew I'd- that we would-" John chuckled and shrugged, kissing him deeply as he ripped open the packet and slicked his fingers.
“Sure, and what exactly are you going to tell him? ‘Hey Babe, so you know how your little brother is in a coma? Well his spirit is living with and dating my best friend John, but is currently mad at him for some unknown reason. What do you think he should do?’” John sighed heavily and slammed his head against the counter. “I just have to find the right spell to bring him back. Then he’ll have to talk to me.” John tried to stand, but promptly fell over as the alcohol hit him full force. Greg jumped to his aid, pulling him to his feet and propping him up against the bar.
He cowered in the corner as the door swung open to reveal an imposing figure, black horns glinting in the candlelight. A rumbling growl filled the room, causing Sherlock to tremble.
“It was me.” He whispered, flickering in and out of view as he struggled against the emotions. “I did this. I- I killed John.” Gavin dropped his hands to his sides, looking lost and confused. “I was holding him and kissing him and his heart stopped.” Greg stepped around the bed, standing in front of Sherlock.
“If the shoe fits.” Sherlock blushed deeply at that, John thought he was attractive.
They hadn't discussed what graduating would mean for their relationship, not really. John kept saying they would be fine, that things would work themselves out, and as much as Sherlock wanted to believe him, there was always that side of him that screamed that John was wrong.
“I’m done.” His voice was soft and broken, but he saw how the words struck Sherlock as though he used his fists. “I-I thought I could- could do this, whatever the fuck we are, but I can’t. I’m sorry.”
"I love you, John."
“Uh yes. I’m John. Pleasure to meet you Mr. Holmes.” The man looked him up and down before shaking John’s hand.
“Will you stay?”
John’s mobile went off in Sherlock’s hand as he neared The Spider’s ship. He opened the message that appeared on the screen and felt his stomach drop at the video that started playing.
“Oh, I think I’m going to enjoy this.” He whispered, kissing John softly before straightening up and walking towards the door. John watched, trying to collect himself enough to respond. “I’ll see you soon, Captain.” Sherlock winked and spun out of the room, leaving John more flustered than he could ever remember being.
“He had pneumonia once as a child.” John nodded and started cutting the bandages away from his chest.
A friend of John's is a friend of the team's.
“It’s true you know, I’m not just saying it. I really do love you.”
"I'm not being a brat, I'm just not too keen on walking in on my brother balls deep in my dance partner." Before he could say anything, Harry had disconnected.
“You passed out on the stairs. I brought you back here and found your lungs had filled with fluid and infection had set into your chest and thighs. I drained your lungs and cleaned your wounds, and have been monitoring your status for the better half of a week.”
"You have school in the morning."
“A Chimera.” The Beast froze, confusion spreading over his face. “That’s what you are modeled after. A Chimera. Well, minus the fire breathing part. You are part man part beast, aren’t you? That’s how you have all that medical knowledge. You were human once, but not anymore. You were cursed somehow, you and your staff. Something in that room keeps you like this, that’s why your castle won’t let me in there. You are hiding behind your curse, trying to keep me at arms length. What are you hiding oh Master of the Haunted Castle?” Sherlock was certain he was going to die now. He had always been ridiculed for his abilities, and now he had just deduced a creature that could kill him without a second thought.
Once John had passed out in his arms, Mike gently laid him back onto the mattress and pulled his phone out, leaving the room quietly and answering the call.
Sherlock entered the library, breathing a sigh of relief as he did. Moriarty hadn’t followed him.
"How is this my fault? You're the one with come dripping out of his arse."
"I-I'm sorry." He mumbled, cursing the fact that he couldn't discuss such things without freaking out. He hid his face in his hands and fought the tears that tried to fight their way to the surface.
"You do know that no one likes you, right? Not even your precious boyfriend likes you. He just keeps you around 'cause you let him fuck you." Sherlock closed his eyes, shaking his head and trying to keep the harsh words out of his mind. "He's just pissed 'cause Mary Morstan wouldn't suck him off at the end of summer party, so he wooed the most untouchable guy in the school, just to prove he could."
There was no one in the room.
He had almost forgotten how good the other man was at kissing. He was just about to lose himself in the feel of Sherlock when his mind was snapped back to reality as his fingers caught on the bandages covering the pale, broken ribs. He forced Sherlock off him, holding him at arms length while he fought to catch his breath.
“What’s his heart rate at?”
“What setting, John?” John sighed, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
He was about an hour outside of E6, plotting a course to the nearest plot of empty space when he felt the air around him shift. He felt the tips of his ears start to burn with energy and braced himself for an Energy Storm.
“Oh Pet?” Moriarty’s voice turned even more melodic than before and Sherlock instantly responded, stepping closer and draping himself over Moriarty’s shoulders. “Kill the good doctor. He’s boring me.” Sherlock raised his eyes to meet John’s, and the ex-soldier saw a glimmer of awareness in the Siren’s pale eyes.
He saw white as the sharp glass cut through the skin of his wrists.
"You never answered me." Sherlock blinked at the boy, scrambling to remember what question he had asked. Steel blue eyes met his, pulling a flush along Sherlock's cheeks. "I asked you what you like, you never told me." The flush on Sherlock's cheeks darkened as he remembered their hushed conversation in the alley.
“Pleasure to actually meet you in person Mr. Watson.” John smirked and waved slightly at Mycroft, his discomfort reaching new heights. “I must say Sherlock, I’m slightly jealous. You appear to have landed quite the doctor.” John choked on his breath, lapsing into a coughing fit.
He heart stopped at Sherlock’s next words, his blood running a strange mix of too cold and too hot.
“He bound and gagged me, same as always, but this time he pulled out a blade and started stabbing me. The only reason I survived was because he did it while we were filming. Got about six stabs in before the crew realized what was happening.” John let his fingers trail along Sherlock’s chest tracing the faint scars he had noticed during their first time together.
John smiled brightly up at him, taking his hand and leading him out of the washroom. Greg was propped up against the wall across from the door, cocking his eyebrow at them as they passed.
“I miss you too Love, but I’m right here.”
“Was I right at least?” Sherlock asked, his voice sending a thrill along John’s spine, one he hadn’t felt since before he left the army. He brushed aside thoughts of his former commander and focused on not trembling.
"Y-Your sister is looking for you." Confusion flashed over the boy's face as he froze, the grin starting to falter on his lips. "Your name is John Watson, you were abducted from your front yard when you were three years old. Your sister, Harriet Watson, has been searching for you for fifteen years-"
“Ooh, unrequited love. What a perfect thing to want to return to.” Dying Sherlock shoved him away, stumbling through the door and making his way down the long corridor. “Thanks, but no. I’m not strong enough to deal with another person hating me.”
“Well I’m here to see my betrothed of course!”
“Oh, you boys are welcome to stay here for the night if you would rather. There is more than enough room here.” John felt a flash of fear, worried that Sherlock might just accept the offer.
"You're Sherlock, right?" The other boy asked, stepping closer and raking his eyes over Sherlock's body, making his chest tighten uncomfortably as he nodded timidly. "I'm Jim." The other boy smirked almost shyly, shoving his hands into his pockets and bouncing on his heels. "I'm a friend of Mycroft's."
In the distance, he could see the outline of a massive gate. He steered the horse towards the iron structure.
“I love you too, you great big, loveable idiot.” Sherlock grinned, leaning down and nuzzling into John’s neck, giggling against his collar. “Can we please go home now? I’ve been waiting for far too long to actually go to bed with you, and I don’t want to wait any longer.” Sherlock nodded and extracted himself from John’s arms, smiling brightly down at him.
“Uh, yes. I was trained in the army.”
“I’m on a suicide mission, remember? I’m looking for danger.” John winked, turning to face the far end of the ship and backing up a few steps.
“I’m going to kill The Beast.”
“Mikey, calm down. I’m fine, Sherlock was there. He dragged my ass out of the storm. Listen, I need a favor.”
“Very well, I will be in touch. Mummy is expecting you for dinner on Sunday, Brother Mine.” He turned to walk out, pausing just at the threshold. “Bring your companion. I’m sure Mummy would love to hear how you two met.” With that, he left, leaving John and Sherlock alone.
“I-I need to fix your head-”
"Yes John." Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the floor, not looking up as John sent George on his way, or when a tense silence followed. "I have to go." He mumbled, stepping away from John and turning, planning on making a quick escape. A firm grip on his elbow almost stopped him, but he pulled himself free.
The bullet had torn into his sternum, most likely catching in the bones of his chest.
“Who was Moriarty.”
Sherlock and John attend the school dance together
“Holy shit Mate! How long’s it been? Five years?”
“God, no! It’s not like that! We haven’t- I-I mean, we aren’t- I-I don’t think we can- I’m not discussing our sex life with you.”
"He is Harriet's older brother, we met at a show." Sherlock was pushing his eggs around his plate, looking bored and uncomfortable.
When Sherlock got home, he sat in his chair, thinking about John, and how drastically his life had changed in a single day.
“But what? Don’t want to lose your little pet? Your brother told me what happened. You’re bound to him, and that is bringing up some unfortunate emotions.”
"Yes, and it's those nights when she is restless. It's far too much sugar for her just yet." Sherlock snapped, grabbing for the second biscuit. John held it just out of reach, a feat considering how lanky the other man was, and grabbed Sherlock's wrist. "John, give me the biscuit."
“So, you’re Captain Watson?” The same man that had summoned Sherlock earlier asked, glancing at him as he nodded. “Good, you and Sherlock will start out over by the mirror. Don’t really have much by means of a script, so just go with whatever flows.”
“I damned near beat you to a pulp if I remember correctly.” Greg and Sherlock both jumped at the new voice. Mycroft stood in the door, a smug smirk on his face as he glanced between Sherlock and his body.
"John, I have been wanking to the thought of you demanding to be fucked for months now, of course I have condoms and lubricant." John grinned and fell back onto the bed, letting Sherlock manhandle him into position.
“Mikey-”
“I’m back.” Sherlock jumped when he felt a firm hand squeeze his shoulder, comforted slightly at the sound of John’s voice. “How many times has Mikey asked you out since I left?” John took his place beside Mike once again, smiling at Sherlock.
“Please don’t Sherlock. I-I can’t-”
“Fine.”
“Then give him back!”
They were still for a while once he was fully seated, Sherlock's breathing going from erratic to slightly faster than normal. John leaned in closer, his erection brushing against Sherlock's prostate and making the younger boy's vision flash with stars. John's forehead rested against Sherlock's, their breath mingling as his hips started moving.
“Sherlock!”
“Until the end of my days, My Beast.” John grinned and leaned up to capture Sherlock’s lips in a tender kiss.
Sherlock Holmes was practically a god in the industry, and they wanted him to work with him. John took a steadying breath before making his way into the studio. He had been asked to head straight for room 221B for prep, and he felt himself relax.
“Yep.”
"It's my job. You're a pirate, responsible for the deaths of countless members of the Royal Navy-"
This was what last Christmas had been missing, laughter, love, and joy.
“I-I just assumed that you could only be bound to one person at a time.”
Sherlock held his gaze for nearly a minute before blushing and looking away, fussing with the menu. Mycroft felt a swell of pride and grinned, reaching his foot under the table to nudge at Sherlock's.
“My Grandfather. He raised me and my sister after my Dad died. He had retired long before they started teaching the automatic method, so I learned the manual way.”
There was something about talking over text that made Sherlock less shy. He knew that John enjoyed it when he shared his thoughts, but could never seem to bring himself to say them out loud.
"Y-Yes Daddy." Sherlock whimpered, moving his hands from John's shoulders to start unbuttoning his shirt. His fingers shook, making his attempts futile. He whined in frustration, tugging uselessly at the buttons. John chuckled, releasing Sherlock and pushing him back so his shoulders were supported by his chair before slowly starting to open his shirt.
“John, I am setting you free.” John stopped pacing, turning back to look at Mary. There was a sadness in her eyes that John hadn’t seen since their fight.
Sorry, Mum wanted me to take out the trash – JW
"How do you always know?"
Greg listened as the doctors call his time of death, wheeling their crash carts from the room and trying to get Mycroft’s attention.
“You shouldn’t be up here.” The growling voice of The Beast caused him to start, spinning around and crumbling to the floor. He scrambled back, afraid of what his captor would do. He had been instructed to stay in bed.
“Stand still, I’ll make it relatively quick.” Moriarty growled as he chased John, swinging the blade after the Beast. John felt the castle crumble beneath his feet, the stone path he was standing on falling away. He cried out as he fell, scrabbling for purchase as he slid down the roof of one of the towers. “Come on John! Don’t be scared! This is what Sherlock wants!”
Sherlock chewed at his bottom lip again before typing out his response.
Sherlock surged up and kissed John, the angle a little weird, so he mostly got his lower lip, but it was a start. John made a soft sound, one of his hands cupping Sherlock's jaw as he adjusted the angle. Their mouths slotted together perfectly and Sherlock whimpered, clinging to the front of his boyfriend's shirt and trying not to tremble.
“I see. And John?”
Sherlock had been marked by The Spider.
“I fucking told you and your bloody physicians that he wouldn’t survive. I told you he wasn’t strong enough. Now he’s dead, and I’m going to lose John all over again because you wouldn’t fucking listen!” He didn’t give the Siren the chance to respond before he was speaking again. “John Watson’s blood is on your hands.” He growled before he hung up, dropping the phone and sliding down to the floor.
"Stop what?" Lestrade rolled his eyes, leading Sherlock into his office and closing the door.
“I can’t wait for you. If you wish to follow, turn at the twisted tree felled by lightning, you won’t see the path until you’re on it. You’ll know you found it when you come across snow.”
“Dance with me?”
The Siren was stunning, twisting and moving gracefully through the waves of energy surrounding him. He grinned when the creature stopped, his tail hidden behind a cluster of stars, giving him the appearance that he was one with the sky.
"Fuck." He cursed, turning to the wall and slamming his fist against the wall. "That's why you're here, isn't it? You're here to take me in."
“What I want to show you is downstairs, I’ve got to carry you for a bit, but as soon as we get past the stairs I have a wheelchair for you to use.” The creature stepped forward and held out his paws. Sherlock thought for a moment, debating with himself. The logical side of his brain was screaming at him to not trust him, that if he went with The Beast he wouldn’t see the light of day again.
"We have DNA evidence-"
He debated helping, using his song to manipulate the energy and turn the boat, but then a movement on the small vessel caught his eye. The human manning the craft grabbed the mainsail rope and jumped from one end of the boat to the port side, landing on the edge and leaning back, pulling the rope tight and forcibly turning the boat.
He went slow, giving Sherlock lots of time to adjust. Once the other man was relaxed, John started a fast, firm pace, shifting the angle of his own hips until Sherlock's back arched and he cried out loudly.
"Hey Watson!" John jolted away from Sherlock when Greg's voice came from behind him. "Stop snogging your boyfriend and get out here! We want to meet this mystery boy!"
The words had been a bit of a shock for John as well, though now that they were out there, he couldn't deny the truth in them. Sherlock was gorgeous, high cheekbones, sharp eyes and pale skin giving him an androgynous appearance that was doing funny things to John's brain.
"Good night John."
"S-Sorry." He mumbled, stepping back a few feet and avoiding John's eyes.
“I can’t John-”
John shifted back slightly, running one of his hands along Sherlock's side and tracing the lines of his body, making him twitch and whimper.
“You’ve used your song around a human-”
"What time does the dance start?"
"Sherlock! Your date is here Darling!" John smiled at Mrs. Hudson as she closed the door behind him, sending him a sly wink as she walked down the hall.
When they were a few hours outside of E2, John pulled the Star Sailor to a stop, and started rooting through his bags.
“You will be here next weekend son.”
“Not possible. No one loves me.”
“Yeah, well I wouldn’t have to haul him home tonight if you weren’t pouting.”
“Never would have pegged you as a submissive Mr. Holmes. I think I might enjoy this.” He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hair, enjoying the moan that fell from the man’s lips. He pulled until Sherlock’s lips were hovering just above his, not quite touching, but close enough to feel each other’s breath. “Look at you, so desperate for just the slightest taste of me. Is that what you want Sherlock?” The younger man nodded, crying out as John tightened his grip on the dark curls. “Answer me Sherlock.”
John laughed, shaking his head and re-reading the results in the folder.
"So? It's a party, half of them aren't even going to remember anything by morning."
"Sher-"
“Hello?”
"What are you reading?" John leaned forward, propping his chin in his hand and looking at Sherlock with eyes that screamed curiosity.
Sherlock had a natural grace that showed through even while filming. John was sure he had never seen someone look as gorgeous as Sherlock did while giving head. What made it harder to fathom was just how good the pale man was at it. John had to stop him twice to prevent finishing too early.
"I thought I told you to leave him alone?" Sherlock rolled his eyes, tugging at the hem of his shirt and blushing. "Sherlock-"
"I have erratic schedules and sometimes don't sleep for days on end."
"That sucks man, breakups are the worst."
“I-I don’t-”
“Sherlock, you’re a ghost. Nothing about your situation sounds like a domestic abuse story.” The pale man huffed, flickering out of sight before reappearing by the kitchen door, far away from John. “Listen, take it from the guy that just had to spend the night listening to him talk about you, this is killing him. He didn’t mention you throwing him against the wall once. You know what he did talk about? How much he misses you.” Sherlock looked at John, pain filling his eyes. “I’ve got to get home, you think you can get him to bed in one piece?” He didn’t bother giving Sherlock the chance to object, tossing the case on John’s chest before leaving. He paused at the door, not turning, but speaking loud enough for the ghost to hear. “Talk to him. I promise, your ignoring him is doing more harm than good.”
The boys go to a house party
"Fuck- John yes- god yes! Please!"
Sherlock slowly made his way out of his Mind Palace at the sound of his phone ringing.
The cabin was small, but it was so full of memories that John felt his heart swell almost painfully as he and Sherlock made their way up the walkway.
Yes – MH
“Your new roommate.” The man in the wheelchair cut Geoff off, offering Sherlock a pained smile. “I moved into Baker Street a few months ago, hope that’s alright. I can move my stuff into the upstairs bedroom. Everything of yours is still there. Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t let me throw anything out.” Sherlock watched the young man in awe, not knowing how to process him.
“He’s not-” The figure groaned, and suddenly John realized who it was. Molly had just thrown a makeup brush at Sherlock Holmes.
"Why would taking you for coffee be unfair?" Anger flashed across Sherlock's face, and for a moment, John was afraid he was about to get punched, but the moment was broken when the waitress appeared, placing the chips between them.
“No.” The Siren pushed himself to his feet, hurt and rage filling his body. “What happened to you John? What stole your Life Force?” He stepped closer to the human that had captured his mind and took his face in his hands, wishing he could take the young man’s burdens. John stared blankly at him for a moment, before Sherlock watched him deliberately fill his eyes with remorse.
“Just sign the papers John. You won’t get very far in this industry without backing, you know that as well as anyone. What I’m offering you is stability. The same stability that my brother has.” John stared at the papers in his hands, worrying at his bottom lip and bouncing his knee.
“There is no way in hell you are getting a beehive in that flat.”
“It’s done.” His voice broke and he sat in the nearest chair, breathing heavily. He heard a shuffling and looked up to see Mary standing next to John, her hand on his face. Sherlock watched as the strings of time mended themselves around John. His timeline was still short, and tainted with the colors of Fate, but it was whole again. “Is he free?”
"You won't." Not the whole truth, Sherlock knew logically that there was no way to escape the pain, but he also knew that John would do everything in his power to ensure Sherlock enjoyed himself. "I trust you." Sherlock kissed John again, gently coaxing him out of his mind. He needed John to be confident if this was going to work.
"Why on Earth would- oh wait! I think Mycroft liked him too." John shot up in his bed, staring at Sherlock in disbelief. "Yeah, I seem to recall him mentioning that he thought his Chemistry partner was 'easy on the eyes' or something." An idea wriggled it's way into the back of John's mind and he allowed himself a mischievous grin. "I don't know why he thinks Mycroft is gone. He still lives in town, he just got his own place-"
“Sir, you have to-” A nurse attempted to guide Sherlock back to his room, but was waved off by the weak man.
“Human.”
Sherlock was touching him. Sending sparks of cold electricity dancing along his entire body and causing him to gasp.
“Pleasure to meet you Sherlock. My name is Lestrade. My partner will be here shortly to explain everything. How is your pain level?”
"No, I uh- I had a plan." John laughed, reaching out and fixing the boy's scarf, which had gotten twisted around itself.
"Get off, you're heavy and sticky. Not to mention you are making an absolute mess of the floor."
“I sure. According to the logs, they showed up, were here for about an hour, then John left alone. Sherlock didn’t follow him for a few hours after. What’s going on Mr. Holmes?”
“Well, Sherlock. Welcome to our castle. My name is Mycroft, I am the head of the household. That is Greg, my husband and leader of the staff. What brings you here?”
For the first time in years, John suffered no nightmares.
The dinner was interesting, Mrs. Holmes chattering endlessly about how proud she was of her boys, while both flushed in embarrassment. John enjoyed listening to the stories of young William and Mycroft.
“Yes.” Victor sighed, leaning back on his heels and looking around the flat, a weight seeming to settle itself on his shoulders.
“Hmm?”
"Practice is done at seven, meet you at Speedy's?" He turned around, grabbing his kit and leaving before Sherlock had a chance to respond.
It was another few days before she showed up. Sherlock felt the new surge of power and stood, turning to face the young woman that entered the room. She was pretty, petite and blond, but she carried herself with a confidence Sherlock had only seen in one person before. She made him uncomfortable, especially when she walked over to John, running her hand along his cheek.
“N-No, no you can’t be here-”
Something wasn’t right. John couldn’t seem to breathe and his vision was starting to blur.
“It can’t be healed. He had at least one of every type of Med Kit available. I tried healing it before I escaped, it just reappeared.”
It was a stunning sight.
He turned to see the deep blue eyes of John Watson staring at him from the hospital bed.
"S-Sorry, I thought- is that not-"
A bolt of lightening cracked down onto a tree next to him, sending Sherlock and Redbeard tumbling down a slight hill. He felt pain blossom in his wrist as he landed.
John screamed as he watched another blade pierce Sherlock's chest and exit his back, his face going slack and his body collapsing with Moriarty's.
He couldn’t get his hands to work and felt frustration building in his chest. One of his hands slipped and caught of a sharp corner, tearing the skin open. It should have hurt worse, but the nerve damage numbed the pain.
He whispered, feeling the distortion in time as he pulled the bond away from John. Every fibre of his being burned as the bond was broken, sending shocks of pain along his spine.
“I have a feeling we will be doing this again very soon, Captain Watson.” Sherlock pulled away, sauntering out of the room without so much as a glance behind him.
“You will thank me when we all are human again.”
“Yeah, because an empty castle could hurt me. It seems the more likely scenario is the fucking beast that is keeping me here!” He had no idea where those words came from, but he couldn’t seem to stop them. “Why don’t you just kill me huh? Or are you just trying to fatten me up before you eat me?”
“No problem Mate.” John went to end the call but hesitated when Greg spoke again. “And Sherlock, you need to know that I fought for you to stay. Mycroft didn’t know what else to do, and as soon as he heard that The Spider got you, he retracted the exile and sent forces out looking for you. Come home, and he will welcome you with open arms.” The video cut off before Sherlock could respond.
“I-Is this alright?” John smiled at the question, resting his hand in the empty space between them.
I would tell you, but Mum is home and I would really rather not have her barge in on that conversation – JW
He ducked as a book flew towards Sherlock.
“I already told you, you can’t have him Time. John Watson belongs to me.”
Later that night, when John was about to suggest heading to bed, Sherlock spoke, his voice soft and sad.
He waited by John’s bedside, sitting in the chair, invisible to the staff that came to check on the unconscious man in the bed.
"I believe the rules of Parlay require-"
"-Jim-"
“Piss off.” The Beast stopped, tilting his head just enough so that he could look at Sherlock.
“Sherlock, you need a doctor.”
“I-I- I have to- I-I can’t-” He pushed himself out of John’s arms, mind reeling as he fled from the room.
Sherlock had the feeling that anything that made John that happy, Sherlock was going to love.
“God this is weird.” Greg laughed as he placed his bag on Sherlock’s bed, glancing between the unconscious form on the bed and the ghost beside him. He had been out and about, gathering supplies and preparing. His phone went off, signaling the arrival of his boyfriend, Sherlock’s older brother.
"Can we go home, John? I rather want to finish what we started earlier." John's hands tightened on his hips, pulling him slightly closer.
There was no point in looking for the boy, it had been fifteen years since he had been taken. If he wasn't dead, then he was probably trapped in a sex trafficking ring.
"Sherlock!" The boy stopped talking, freezing almost entirely as he blinked down at John's hand. "Hey, Sherlock, look at me Babe." Sherlock shook his head, his cheeks darkening further. John rose from his seat, dragging it around the table and setting it next to Sherlock, sitting beside the anxious boy and cupping his jaw gently. "Please Sherlock?" The boy shook his head again, and John leaned in, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's lips.
“I hurt you John. I hurt you and I couldn’t stop it.” John felt his chest tighten and he shook his head, smiling. “What’s so funny? I could have killed you John.”
"Snogging in the back seat? Really John? Aren't my legs a touch too long for this?" John laughed, leaning in and pressing a soft kiss to the dancer's lips.
"Hmm, my brilliant man. Go on then, finish your theory."
His mind flashed back to the terror he felt the last time he saw Moriarty.
"You don't seem too concerned that a Naval Officer knows your name."
Pain ripped through his being as the curse was lifted. He could feel the grinding of his bones and tearing and compressing of his muscles as the magic changed him.
Do you know if Mycroft is coming back at any point?? – GL
“Sherlock!” John heard the bullet as he called out, feeling his stomach drop as he watched the bullet strike Sherlock’s chest. “Sherlock!”
As soon as Brittany had started kissing John, Sherlock felt his stomach roll unpleasantly. He shot out of his chair and hurried to his room, closing the door behind him.
“No, that Sherlock died when we were eighteen, didn’t he?” The ghost sighed heavily and mirrored Sherlock’s actions, sliding down the opposite wall. They sat quietly for a moment, remembering their days in Uni.
"Fuck! There- fuck Sherlock-" John started talking, a steady stream of curses and pleas falling from his lips.
“Sherlock?” His voice sounded wrong, it waivered and shook, vibrating along with the strings. “W-what the f-”
“You never fucked him.”
“Beauty and The Beast?”
It wasn't often Sherlock took the lead when they were together, preferring to let John have control, but every so often, especially when he was bored, he would initiate things.
John gasped as Sherlock stumbled into his arms, catching the taller boy before he fell. Sherlock blushed again, pushing out of John's arms and straightening his shirt, which had slipped off his shoulder.
“It’s not unrequited, John loves you too.” Dying Sherlock turned back to face him, his brow crinkled in confusion.
“Sherlock?”
"What the fuck is happening here? Why is Eurus in the men's loo?" John snapped, spinning to face his team. The grins and laughter of the other boys faded as the weight of his anger reached them. He ripped the towel out of one of the boy's hands, moving to stand in front of the girl.
He let John lead him up the stairs, keeping his eyes trained on their joined hands as they weaved their way through the crowd of drunken students.
“No! I have to help John!” Mike stopped untying Sherlock’s wrists and stepped around him, a look of concern in his eyes.
“Let’s go get coffee.” He whispered instead, smirking up at the ghost before passing right through him and running down the hall, ducking and laughing as Sherlock sent books flying at him.
“Why does the castle crumble like that?” Sherlock asked one day, after another piece fell to the ground. John thought for a moment, trying to find the best words to explain.
“Well yeah, I mean you’re gorgeous, and John is- well, John.”
He prepared Sherlock quickly and thoroughly, loving the whimpers and moans he managed to pull from the taller man as he pumped and scissored his fingers into the tight body beneath him.
“Fate wasn’t after me. She was after you. She wanted your timeline.”
“Likewise. What do you want?”
“Yeah- yeah sorry, sorry, just choked on my tea there. Y-You want me to come back?” John had never gotten re-cast before, and to get a call-back to film with Sherlock Holmes again was even better.
“Come on, we have to meet Mikey.”
John had a feeling this was going to be interesting.
"Not mine. I can't help how fucking hot you look when you're dancing." John laughed again as Sherlock's cheeks darkened further.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” He propped the lanky man against the door, taking care to avoid jostling his ribs. Sherlock leaned against him, pulling him close and latching on to John’s pulse point, biting and sucking hard. It took all his willpower to pull himself out of Sherlock’s grasp. “Sherlock, come on. Let’s get you to bed.” He batted the pale man’s hands away from his trousers and slipped under his arm, trying to haul the pile of limbs towards the bedroom.
Suddenly, the air was blissfully silent.
“John?” Mike’s face appeared before Sherlock, tight with concern. “What the hell? Where’s John?”
“Sherlock.” He heard Mycroft’s voice behind him, he shook his head, this couldn’t be happening. “He’s gone Sherlock.” He spun around and threw himself against his brother, knocking him against the wall and pinning him there.
They settled back onto the sofa, curled under a blanket while they watched Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer. Harry and their Mum arrived and joined them, Harry curling against Sherlock's other side just to make the other boy uncomfortable.
"You're ridiculous."
"There are a thousand different things you could say, a thousand other combinations of words you could use instead, yet you insist on saying that. So that makes me think that you aren't actually cursing, but asking, so perhaps I should just fuck you." He was panicking, his heart running wild and his body shaking, but the words just kept flowing. "Keep that in mind next time you choose that phrase John, because next time you say it, I will take it as a request." Sherlock turned away from John then, his mind reeling.
“You would be correct Miss Mouse.” John glanced around the room, suddenly feeling incredibly nervous. “There is a way to tell, but it’s can be dangerous.”
"Promise me."
and John was watching him with a too-heated look in his eyes.
“Damn it, if you don’t stop squirming I’m going to have to knock you out and I would really rather not do that. So just fucking stop and let me help you, you bloody git!” Sherlock froze, giving his body a quick scan.
The door swung open to reveal a kind-looking older lady, who grinned happily at John.
“I had to. Fate was killing you and the only way she would let you live was if I left. You weren’t supposed to remember me.”
“This is exactly why I think friends are boring and tedious.”
“And where the instruments start playing romantic music whenever two people so much as walk past the doors?”
“John? You’re okay! Thank the stars! I thought you got caught in that storm a couple nights ago. I was sure you were dead. Why the Hell didn’t you call when you reached E3? Who is that?” John laughed and pointed the camera at Sherlock.
“So.” Sherlock drew out the word, stretching it long enough to make it uncomfortable.
He turned on the kettle and started some toast before moving to check the fire, trying to be as quiet as possible so he wouldn't wake Sherlock.
“J-John-” There was a softness to the once broken voice now and John knew he had his lover back. He smiled at the pale man, kissing him softly again. This time, Sherlock responded, sighing as John gently licked into his mouth. “I-I’m so sorry John.” He whispered against the ex-soldier’s lips, mumbling through the barely-there kisses.
There was a long pause, and Sherlock quickly began to regret sending the message.
“No.”
“Don’t you have a date with that politician? What’s his name again?”
“Not tonight.”
His body was dying, his mind palace slipping away with it.
"Something wrong Gorgeous?" Sherlock smirked, buttoning his suit jacket and fussing with his sleeves, a nervous habit he had developed.
"Hey, yeah, I remember you, you're uh, you're Mycroft's little brother, right?" John gaped up at Sherlock, wondering how he had failed to make the connection.
He was going to be tortured.
"Listen Eurus, I'm sorry about all this. If you want to file-"
“Then what’s wrong?” Greg looked at John with something akin to pity, and John tried desperately to blink away the tears. There was only one other thing that could have gone wrong in the process and John prayed that wasn’t what happened.
Sherlock nearly dropped his phone when he read John's message.
"Like Geoffrey, or Michael?"
Before John had the chance to react, Sherlock had stepped back, leaving John reeling and breathless. John rubbed his hands over his face, trying to control his breathing. This wasn’t supposed to happen. He couldn’t start anything with Sherlock, not when he only had a couple of weeks left.
Pain was the first thing John felt when he came too, a burning sensation lancing through his shoulders and spine as he blinked his way to consciousness.
“Sherlock, please. I can’t- I won’t do that to you-”
"Oh, you know my name Captain Watson. You dress and carry yourself like a man raised with no scruples, yet you speak with the tongue of a nobleman. You were raised in Royal Court, but only until the age of ten or eleven, old enough for the language to stick but not the behaviours. Your father was a member of the Courts but was kicked out after a nasty scandal involving a priest. You lived on the streets until you found your way to the docks, where you stowed away on a pirate ship. The rest as they say, is history." John gaped at the young man, his mind reeling.
“Goodnight Gorgeous.”
He pulled away, leaving Sherlock alone on the deck as he walked away.
“Tsk, tsk, that was a little rude. I just want to know what happened Darling.” Moriarty roughly ground his knuckle into the largest of the gashes, pulling a tortured scream from Sherlock. “Where have you been Sweetheart? Tell me, and I’ll make the pain stop. It will all go away if you tell me where you went.”
“What happens when we find out?” Greg asked, John could hear the terror in his voice.
“I am unsure. I was unconscious before I could really see anything. How did you get me away from it?” John blushed, hiding the redness by fussing with a knot.
“Of course, I remember your name.” The candelabra smirked, “It’s Maverick is it not?”
He felt the gentle rumbling of the castle crumbling around him.
“Sherlock Holmes is a brilliant, level-headed young man, and I’m almost certain he has feelings for you too.”
“Do you ever wonder if you will turn out like him? Beating your kids when you’ve had too much to drink?” John shook his head, pushing his way around Sherlock and heading for the kitchen. “Oh! That’s what your nightmares are about. You imagine yourself beating the person you love. Your little sister. Am I right?”
"William? Darling, breakfast time!" A sweet voice that John didn't recognize came through the door, and he glanced at his boyfriend.
"Why would I judge you Love?" Sherlock blushed darker and pulled out his lubricant, one of the pricier brands you could buy. John often bugged him about his posh tastes. "Seriously? How much does this even cost?"
John kept opening him as he came, his muscles twitching around the fingers that massaged him open.
"Remember to breathe, alright Love?" He whispered, resting his hand on Sherlock's cheek as the younger man nodded. He watched Sherlock's face as he pushed in, reading the varying levels of pain that flashed over the man's face.
"John-"
“My Father.” John eventually whispered, his voice cracking and tears falling from his eyes. “He uh, he beat my mother to death when I was seventeen. Went after my little sister next.” John sniffled, wiping his eyes.
He gasped and arched his back when he felt a wet heat engulfing his member. John pinned his hips to the bed with one strong hand as he worked, making soft noises that only served to make Sherlock's head spin with arousal.
“I couldn’t let him kill you.” Sherlock had changed back into his Siren form, his long black tail twisting behind him. Moriarty gripped John’s hair and forced his head back once more, exposing his throat and placing a cold blade against the overheated skin there. “Don’t-”
“Why?” John blinked, unable to comprehend why Sherlock was hesitating. “I deserve to suffer for the things I did John. I don’t deserve to be healed.” John shifted so he was kneeling and shuffled closer to the Siren, taking the creature’s face in his hands and meeting his eyes.
There was a heat behind the word that changed how it sat in the air between them.
“Is this John Watson?”
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked as soon as he woke the next day. He fought the panic rising in his chest again, he had to know what happened to the Siren. Mikey sighed and sat heavily in the chair next to John.
“He’ll kill you?” Sherlock shook his head, leaning back and resting against the edge of the boat, looking incredibly tired.
“He wanted to use your song to aid his trafficking ring.”
“John! Stop, please!” Sherlock’s voice echoed through the empty hall, breaking John’s heart as he walked away.
As time went on, John found himself falling further and further in love with the strange Sherlock Holmes. He started doing research, hoping to find something that could help him be with Sherlock.
"N-Nothing. I said nothing. Just, pick up the files." John frowned and stepped closer, his foot catching on the chair. He grabbed his foot and cursed in pain.
“Sherlock, I haven’t wanted to live since I was seventeen. You think you’re the first? The first poor, helpless soul to try to save me? Yes, you make me feel alive, but so did the war. Feeling alive and wanting to live don’t go hand in hand Gorgeous.” Sherlock watched him soften his face and posture and step closer. “I’m not going to lie, you made me feel better than I had in years. You’re dangerous, gorgeous, and for some unknown reason, you want to be with me. But that doesn’t change the fact that I have no will to live.”
Mycroft, for all his irritating flaws, always took care of Sherlock, making sure he was safe and treated well.
“Yes, well, you’ve never met my brother.”
John spun Sherlock around, backing him up against the desk. Sherlock gasped, breaking the kiss as John lifted him onto the desk, sending his logs and personal items crashing to the floor.
“Why?”
He used the small bottle of lubricant he kept next to shampoo to start easing Sherlock open, smirking at the whines and pleas he was able to pull from the detective. He dragged the process out as long as he could, waiting until Sherlock was begging desperately to reach around and shut the water off.
"Dinner?"
"Then what are you waiting for?" Sherlock felt his orgasm crash over him, his vision turning white.
“He’s going to be fine. His body is responding to stimulus, and he is breathing on his own.” Molly assured him as they watched Geoff lead in the team of EMTs. She pulled Sherlock out of the way and chattered to the professionals as they surrounded John, trying desperately to help the young man.
“Oh, so you actually are a soldier then? I thought Captain Watson was just your handle.” John flushed, unsure how to respond. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist protectively, pulling him close.
“If you don’t think its going to work then why are we doing this?”
"How long do you have the studio for Love?"
“M-Mycroft? This is your brother?” John’s face heated further and he became very aware of the fact that his shirt was currently hanging off the back of the sofa.
They slid to the floor, a tangle of limbs and sweat as the giggled breathlessly into each other's neck.
The previous Christmas had been hard on their family, following his dad's sudden departure and new marriage. As John watched Sherlock flinching in disgust as he got yet another mouthful of cranberry sauce, making his little sister giggle hysterically, he felt his chest tighten with emotion.
A whimper escaped Sherlock's lips as he felt a cold, slick finger press against his entrance. John pulled off his erection with an obscene sound, sending a smirk up at Sherlock.
“Really? You want to know everything about my sex life, but I’m not allowed to know if you like some random politician? That’s hardly fair.”
Fine, 2 months – SH
What would we be doing if I were there? – SH
“Don’t worry about it. I hope she didn’t make you too uncomfortable.”
“Yes, you do. You know him and you love him.”
"Oh, God yes." They left the dance floor, ignoring the whistles of their friends as they made their way out of the school.
And then there was James Moriarty. The only man in the town other than Sherlock himself that was single and uninterested in female attentions.
This chapter talks about sexual and physical abuse as well as suicide attempts...
"J-John- John please-" John growled and tightened his grip in Sherlock's hair, tugging him closer and attacking his lips harshly.
"We have proof your name is John Hamish Watson." Lestrade snapped, closing his notebook and crossing his arms, giving the boy a look Sherlock knew all too well. "Just tell us who your pimp is, we can protect you."
"M-Mrs. Hudson insisted I be prepared for anything." John's cheeks darkened as he laughed, returning to stand in front of Sherlock, lubricant in hand.
"Alright, we'll be right down." Sherlock hung up the phone and spun to face his brother, forcing a confident grin on his face. "Come along Brother Mine, our chariot awaits." He started to hurry out of the room, but was stopped by a firm hand on his elbow.
“You never mentioned that you were married.” John laughed, pulling his new husband tight against him.
When he was set back down, he found himself swaying on unfamiliar feet.
“No!” As the pale man shouted, a blast of electrical energy shot out from him, sending John flying back into the wall. His head connected violently with a small glass window, his vision blurring white.
"Ready Babe?" Sherlock nodded, clenching his eyes shut and trying to remember how to breathe.
"I-I would never- he said-" John shook his head, kissing Sherlock again, slightly deeper than before. "Everyone thinks-"
His mind started screaming at him when he felt something press against his stretched entrance, and he clung to John's shoulders, whimpering softly.
The world faded away, and just as his last thought echoed through the air, Sherlock felt the insistent throbbing of something beating the walls of his mind palace.
"So, will I see you tomorrow?" Sherlock frowned at him, his cheeks turning pink under the soft light.
“Hmm?”
"John, we have spent the last sixteen Christmases apart, we would have been fine."
“Same as my relationship with John.”
“Sherlock-”
“You can kiss me whenever you please John. If you recall, I did say you can fuck with me whenever you please.” He winked before passing his hand over the watch, the world suddenly coming into harsh focus, pulling the air from John’s lungs once more. He felt a stabbing pain in his chest and dropped to his knees, fighting the darkness that threatened to claim him.
“Yes, almost the entire tray.”
“He’ll live, I’m not going to promise a full recovery though, there was extensive nerve damage to his hands-”
He looked back to see John, standing in front of the stables.
“That’s right. I can see why he likes you, you’re clever.”
When John first moved into the flat, he didn’t notice anything strange or amiss. This lovely little flat on Baker street, that came fully furnished and full of strange items. The landlady, Mrs. Hudson, told him that he could keep the furniture if he wanted, but he wasn’t allowed to throw any of the clutter out. All she would say in explanation was that she knew the young man it all had belonged to and he might return for it one day. So, John left everything where it was. Its not like he had a lot of stuff to fill an empty flat.
“I used to be a doctor, way back when. The knowledge kind of sticks with you.”
"I-I'm sorry. I just- I was af-afraid-" Another kiss calmed him, bringing his mind back to the boy before him, letting him focus his thoughts.
“How was he able to save him? John was dead, even I could see that.”
"I love you."
"Why do you have lube in your dance bag?"
“Yeah, guess I should have mentioned that. I’m a damned good shot.” Sherlock felt a spark at the roughness of John’s tone. He could get used to hearing his voice like that.
“But John-”
"No. They're low sugar and have no hidden preservatives. It's fine that she has another one." Sherlock scowled and ripped his hand away, his face slipping into that trademark pout that John had come to love.
"Finish that sentence and I will see to it that you spend the rest of the year on the bleachers." John let his voice slip into a dark, dangerous tone, one that he had heard his own father use so many times. It worked. Anderson flushed and stepped back, keeping his eyes pinned on the ground. "That goes for the rest of you as well. If I hear of any of you bothering Sherlock again, I will have you all kicked off the team, understood?" The group nodded, murmuring their agreements and apologies. "Good. Now, start running, a hundred lengths to start."
“Why are you so determined to get John and Sherlock in that ballroom?”
“There are men storming the castle boarders.”
"Right, sorry." Sherlock mumbled, reaching for a long, black coat and grey-blue scarf before reaching past John to open the door.
"I-I have to finish this experiment John."
“I forgot how stupid humans can be.”
John had set up the T.V. so that they could sit on the bed, curled under the blankets while propped against the wall.
“Sherlock, stop.”
John's heart jumped into his throat when he felt Sherlock's breath ghosting over his cheek and neck, and he fought the urge to kiss the boy. The fresh scent of lilac and sandalwood filled his nostrils and he caught sight of Sherlock's cheeks darkening again.
“Y-Yes Captain Watson.” John smirked and leaned to whisper in the submissive young man’s ear again.
“Don’t be afraid Mouse, I’ll protect you.” He chuckled as she pushed him off, flipping him off and giggling.
“What thought?”
"I like the sound of that." Sherlock smirked, stepping back and winking down at the boy before him. John blushed, adjusting his shoulders and licking his lips.
John let him fall before his could finish that sentence. He grinned as he heard the sickening thud of a body connecting with the stone below.
“The castle. And the last time I went there I almost died, remember?”
“No.”
"Hello, I-I'm here for Sherlock-" The woman squealed gleefully at John and ushered him inside.
I'm going to make you come in your trousers – JW
They had spent for too many years waiting for each other. Now, they had all of time to be together.
“But you can activate the exterior shield.” Sherlock tossed the Video Caller back to the deck, trying once again to stop John’s fingers from tearing the skin.
"Y-You mean, like a date?" John shrugged, that boyish grin still on his face.
"Fuck, you're a copper?" The boy backed away, panic in his eyes. Sherlock reached for him, trying to get the boy to calm down. "F-Fuck- I-I'm dead. H-He's going to kill me-"
“I don’t want to be free without him.” Mary grabbed his hands, smiling up at him.
“You’re evading the question.”
before suddenly reaching up and tugging on Sherlock's curls.
“Gregory-”
Sherlock hit his knees, letting out an embarrassing moan that echoed through the bedsit.
Good. Come up to Sherlock’s room – GL
“Hmm. Told you he is unpleasant to deal with.”
“William?”
They kept calling him John, saying he had a sister that was looking for him, that had been looking for him for fifteen years.
"That's it Baby, come for Daddy. Let me feel you." It only took a handful of thrust to finally push Sherlock over the edge, his orgasm pulling a loud cry,
"Don't worry Mr. Watson, I won't be filing any charges against your friends." John blushed, anger rising in his chest as he thought of what his teammates had done.
He raced through the halls, searching for his Head of Staff. He found Lestrade first.
John was leaning against a wall, talking with one of the cheerleaders, Martha? Mary? Sherlock didn't remember what her name was, all he knew was that she was standing way too close and kept touching John's arm.
John tightened the mainsail rope, tethering the ship to an energy pocket so they could rest for the night. He looked out off the edge, watching Sherlock as he swam amongst the stars.
“It’s a psychic link, he’s a Seer. The seal acts as a connection. As long as the seal is whole he can connect to it.”
“No, you’re not. You’re dead and it’s my fault-” Sherlock shook his head, tears falling from those perfect eyes as he leaned forward, resting his forehead against John’s and sniffling.
They spent the day curled together on the sofa, watching movies and not talking about the future.
“Hey, where is Myc?”
“My name is Moriarty. Sherlock sent me. Said you were the one that scratched him up.” John couldn’t contain the growl that escaped his chest. Sherlock wouldn’t say that. He wouldn’t lie about that.
"I-I should go."
“Snow in June. This does not bode well for us my friend.” He murmured to the horse, uncertainty starting to hang heavy on his shoulders.
"If only." Sherlock mumbled, fussing with his t-shirt and glaring at the floor between them. "At least Harriet's being subtle about it. My brother wouldn't be so kind." Warning bells sounded in the back of John's mind, and he glanced up at Sherlock, his chest tightening as his eyes met the younger boy's.
“Fantastic.” John rolled his eyes and allowed Sherlock to lead him to the dining room. Mycroft and Greg were propped up against the bar in the corner, talking and laughing with Mr. Holmes. “Oh God, you don’t think your parents watched my videos, do you?” He watched as Sherlock’s eyes widened in horror at the thought.
"You need to calm down, Sherlock."
"I have the best boyfriend ever."
“Apparently.” Sherlock looked almost as confused as John felt.
John's legs slipped from Sherlock's shoulders and the detective rolled to the side, landing beside his blogger. They lay like that for a while, coming down from the high of their orgasms and trying to regain their composure.
A massive spider wrapped itself around the hull of the boat.
"You are being rather distracting." John chuckled against his husband's neck as he continued placing soft kisses there.
Sherlock felt a tightness in his chest, he silently prayed they weren’t too late.
“But John, we have a bit of time. Just let me-” John caught his wrists and spun him so the lanky man was pinned to the bathroom door. Sherlock let out a soft gasp of pleasure at the action, growling as John pinned his wrists above his head.
“Sherlock please-”
“No. God no John. Of course I still love you. I’m so sorry.” Sherlock leaned back, taking John’s face in his hands and pressing soft kisses over his lips and cheeks. “I thought I was protecting you, keeping you safe from me.”
“You do feel for him though?”
It took almost a month for Sherlock to fully recover, and John stayed by his side the whole time.
He gasped as he felt the tip of John's member press against him, his hands reaching for John's sweater.
“You’re a fucking idiot, you know that?” He whispered, placing his hands on Sherlock’s hips and pulling him close. “It was an accident Love. You didn’t do it on purpose. You saw your body and you freaked out, that’s all.” He pushed himself up on his toes, kissing Sherlock deeply, whimpering at the force of power that surged through his veins at the intimate touch.
“No. There’s one more step.” He grabbed the bowl and poured the smouldering ashes over the unconscious form, chanting in Latin all the while.
“Sherlock, Moriarty was running through town, shouting something about a Beast named John that tried to kill you. Him and Moran are headed to the palace now to kill him.” Sherlock felt his chest tighten and he continued to struggle against his bindings. “Did the Beast do this to you?”
“W-what- what happened?”
"Call him." Sherlock glared at John, making him giggle again. "Seriously, call him and ask if he wants to join us for dinner, Friday night." Sherlock stared blankly at John for nearly a full minute before realization sparked in his eyes and he vigorously shook his head.
"I-I don't know w-what to do." Sherlock mumbled, his cheeks burning with embarrassment. He felt John take one of his hands and place it on his side. The contact sent a thrill through Sherlock and he moved his fingers so they lined up with John's ribs.
“Fuck!” John reached for his kit, pulling out his stethoscope. He fit it into his ears and pressed it against Sherlock’s chest, right above his left lung. He listened, tapping the area a few times with one of his fingers.
Sherlock shook his head, frowning slightly. He wasn't beautiful. He was lanky, bony, too pale and way too thin. His bones stuck out at odd angles, enhanced by weird, wiry muscles.
John stopped before a door and tried the handle, finding it unlocked, he pushed it open.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes, I'm a consulting detective-"
John leaned into the kiss, placing his hands of his boyfriend's hips and pressing him back against one of the support beams. Sherlock whimpered and clung to John's shoulders as he snogged the taller boy senseless.
“What do you want Fate?” Sherlock had a strange feeling he already knew.
“Get out!” A familiar voice shouted, the sound followed shortly by a crashing sound. A pair of nurses stumbled out of the room, ducking as a tray of food hit the wall above their heads. “Let me out of here!” John rose to his feet, knowing he couldn’t do anything, but ready just in case.
What will you do for me? – M
“John?” Mycroft’s voice came from behind him, but he didn’t stop. “John, what happened?”
They hadn't discussed what would happen after graduation, they hadn't talked about their plans for after school, and where their relationship would go.
“D-Don’t-”
Sherlock watched John laughing, a smile tugging at his own lips as John clutched at his sides, nearly doubled over with the force of his laugh.
"It's alright Love, I've got you. Daddy's going to take such good care of you." Fire spread through Sherlock's body so suddenly it left him gasping and trembling.
“John? What’s wrong?”
“No! John! John please!” He wrenched himself free of Victor’s grasp and scrambled away, tripping over the rug and falling heavily to the floor.
“I can use my song to hide myself, but you will have to collect the samples beforehand.” John ran his eyes over Sherlock’s body, noting the way the creature squirmed and blushed. He smirked as an idea crossed his mind.
"W-Well- uh I-I mean- the- the C-Captain-" John growled and stepped closer to the other man, irritation flooding his veins.
Definitely not too soon – JW
This is the end....officially...SMUT WARNING FOR THIS CHAPTER!!!!! Hope you liked it!!!!
"Wh-What was that for?" John asked, his voice breathless and happy. Sherlock blushed, shuffling his feet and staring at the floor between them.
John had been awake for two days, and had been fighting Lestrade the whole time. He claimed his name was Jacob Brownstein, and that he had been mugged on his way home.
"So, your saying that you didn't mean it?" John asked, stopping Sherlock in his tracks. "If I were to say those two little words again, you wouldn't haul me into the bedroom and pound me into the mattress?" Sherlock felt his body try to react to John's words, but fought back the urges. It was a test, John was testing him somehow.
“H-how- I-I don’t- Help!” Sherlock managed to get himself into a sitting position, fear clouding over the pain. “Help! Someone please! Help!”
“Alright, why aren’t you trying to seduce me? That’s how Sirens kill right? Seduce their victims then have them kill themselves for love?”
He was suddenly very aware of how close he was to the Siren.
Yes – M
"Holy fuck." John whispered, and though Sherlock wasn't looking at him, he knew the boy's face was twisted in awe. Sherlock cried out again as John's fingers brushed his prostate once more, nearly sending him spiraling over the edge.
Sherlock fled, wiping the tears from his cheeks as he stumbled home, trying desperately to ignore Anderson's voice as it echoed through his mind. It wouldn't have been the first time someone had spread a rumour about him, but this one could easily destroy something he loved more than anything.
For what felt like an eternity, all he could feel was the tearing of muscle and tissues as the wolf tore into his shoulder. He tried to push the beast off, finding his right wrist nearly useless while his left struggled to get a grip on the sleek fur of his attacker.
“So, nothing new then?” The short man chuckled. Sherlock sent him a smile that bordered on fond. Mike was the only man in the town that treated him like a normal person. “Finished the book?”
“Yes.”
“Sher-Sherlock-” His mind was spinning and he could feel an intense need gripping his chest as the note continued to pulse through him.
“You promised!”
“It’s not relevant.” John huffed in disbelief, grinning at his lover fondly as they walked up to the door. Sherlock knocked and stepped back, his fingers twitching uncomfortably as they waited.
“Are you certain?”
He saw Sherlock, standing on the deck of E6, tears streaming down his face as he sailed away.
“G-God Sh-Sher- fuck!” John had lost the ability to speak as Sherlock fought with his trousers, pulling them down to his knees and spinning him around. He bit his lip as he heard Sherlock rustling around for a moment.
“Oh, yes dear, Sherlock is very open about his work. Came down to my apartment all in a flurry when he was slotted to work with you last month. Made me sit through one of your shorter videos.” John’s cheeks burned hotter than ever.
Sherlock writhed weakly on the floor, the memories burning through his body.
“Aw, poor baby!” Greg laughed, causing John to growl softly at him.
"Alright, I'll text you before then." Sherlock nodded, feeling his chest tighten at the thought of not being able to kiss John goodnight. "Goodnight Tiny Dancer." Sherlock smiled, like he always did when John called him that, and chewed on his lip.
“What? I think it looks good.”
“Break it in.” There was silence for a moment before the door came crashing in. Mike stepped in, catching sight of Sherlock and racing over to untie him.
They were already here.
“Please stop. Y-You’re dead, you’re not real.” He felt a cool hand on his cheek and looked up to see the ghost of his friend kneeling before him, his pale eyes searching John’s face. “I-I’m so sorry Sherlock.” He whispered, deciding to lose himself in his insanity.
“Automatic basically means that all you do is move a leaver to show where you want to go. Manual is what I do; using brute force to turn the ship. It’s more dangerous and a little harder, as most of it is strictly guessing, but if you know what you’re doing, it’s far more accurate.” John tossed the wires back to the crate he pulled them from and smirked dangerously at Sherlock, winking at the Siren. “It’s also more fun.” Sherlock grinned back at him, pushing off the deck and swimming a loop around the boat.
"I'm not making you do anything. This is your job, remember?"
“Well, were you made aware of your films ratings?”
“Hey.” Sherlock’s deep voice cut through the air. “Sorry I’m late. Your wardrobe is, chatty.” John chuckled softly, already starting to relax when he heard Sherlock chuckle as well.
John blinked awake, rubbing his eyes sleepily as he was pulled from his dreams by a soft pair of lips brushing over his neck and chest. He pried his eyes open, smiling up at his boyfriend, who was hovering over him, pressing soft kisses against his skin.
It was his first date with Sherlock, three days after the boy had asked him out, and John was both nervous and excited. He had never taken another boy out before, much less someone as posh as Sherlock Holmes, and he didn't want to mess it up. Harry would probably kill him if he did.
“Hmm, so the scar is sensitive? Good to know.” Sherlock’s voice had gone deep and husky, and John felt arousal pooling in his stomach. “I shall take that into account while I’m fucking you, Captain Watson.” John whimpered, he had filmed with lots of guys before, but none of them had made him feel quite like this before.
"You know what? I don't care right now, I just really want you to fuck me." Sherlock laughed and moved into position, slicking his fingers and taking the head of John's member between his lips.
“No.”
"Oh, God yes."
"Of course she did." He groaned, rubbing his face with his hands and shaking his head. Since John and Sherlock had met, Harry hadn't stopped bugging John about the boy.
He blushed and pulled away, pressing the button at the front of the Collar to allow it to tighten and activate. It beeped and flashed, signifying that it was active. John’s own Collar beeped and pricked his neck again, ensuring the blood matched what was in Sherlock’s Collar.
"You're using eighty pound lube and fifty pound condoms to fuck me." John pushed Sherlock off him, flipping them over so he was straddling the detective's hips. "You, My Dear, are the definition of posh." He took the condom from Sherlock's hand, ripping it open and shuffling farther down the detective's legs.
Once he was ready, Sherlock spun him back around, grabbing him behind the knees and lifting him off his feet. John squirmed as he felt Sherlock adjusting his position until his knees were hooked over Sherlock’s elbows and the taller man was pressing him back against the wall. There was some shuffling as Sherlock slicked his erection and lined himself up with John’s stretched entrance.
The change in position trapped John’s own erection between their stomachs, suddenly drawing his attention to how hard he really was. He cried out when Sherlock’s still-cool hand slipped between them and gripped him tightly. He could feel himself trembling as he neared his release, and dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder, moaning loudly as the Siren stimulated his prostate with every thrust.
“I have never been more sure. Please.” Mycroft sighed, releasing Sherlock’s body from its place on the wall. He fell to the floor in a heap, his legs giving out when they touched the ground. He scrambled over to John, kneeling beside him and placing a hand on his chest.
Sprawled out on the mouldy floor was his consciousness, pale and thin, obviously strung out on too many drugs. The sickly frame was shivering and muttering uselessly. He knelt beside the body, feeling an overwhelming sense of gratitude that John hadn’t met him when he was like this.
You miss me? – SH
The players all greeted Sherlock as the practice wore on, asking if he was okay, and offering him water.
“I get it! What’s up?” Sherlock smirked, stepping closer to John and brushing something off his shoulder.
“John-”
A shocked and terrified expression passed over the other boy's face, and he hid his face in his hands, trying to tug his foot away from John's grip, but failing as he tightened his hand around the thin ankle.
“No.”
"Yes. Please, god John-"
"Uh, no. I'm uh- I'm on the Rugby team." Sherlock rolled his eyes, kicking John under the table.
"Those boys weren't my friends." John snapped, guilt lancing through his chest as Eurus flinched. "Sorry, I- I mean- if you wanted to file charges, I will support you. They had no right to do that." Eurus blushed, fixing her eyes on a point somewhere past John's head.
“Why would I be mad? That was brilliant.”
"Now John, I know you have much more descriptive words to describe my ass."
"You're the leading expert on relationships." Lestrade sighed heavily, sitting back in his chair and rubbing his hands over his face. Sherlock took a seat across from the DI, the knot that had been forming in his stomach tightening further. "This is all new to me and I don't want to mess it up."
Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all.
Sherlock felt a flash of fear as his attacker knocked his books from his hands, scattering them across the empty halls. Anderson, the boy that was attacking him, laughed, sending panic lancing through Sherlock's body.
“Of course, Dear. How on Earth did you manage to lose another key?”
"Yes, please Daddy-"
“Why is he-” Sherlock waved his hands uselessly, trying to find the right words to describe his captor. “Like that?” His brain wasn’t functioning to its full capacity yet, and his lack of ability to form coherent sentences was irritating to say the least.
He offered his Nan a tense smile and glanced up at Sherlock. The boy was chewing anxiously at his bottom lip and staring at the floor. Nan stepped around them, and John turned Sherlock to face him, cupping his cheek and pressing a soft kiss to his lips.
"Speaking of Harry, where is she? Mum asked me to pick her up." Sherlock frowned at him, cocking his head to the side.
They met Mike at the diner outside the main Compound, John instantly recognizing the sound of his friend’s laughter as they neared.
It was clearly no more than two years old, though the laceration that ran through it was less than a year old.
"What's wrong Tinkerbell? Not so brave without your little army standing behind you, yeah?" Sherlock tried to free himself, slapping Anderson's hands away and pushing off the locker, getting about a foot before he was thrown back. He yelped as his head connected with the locker, blinking rapidly to try to dispel the stars from his vision.
"What can I say? You take too long." John looked up at Sherlock, still grinning, his eyes dark and glinting. "How do you want me?" Sherlock blushed, this wasn't something he had done often in his past, and when he did find someone willing to put up with him long enough for sex, he always bottomed.
He pulled at the rope that held him tight against the chair, finding there was no give.
“Where is he?” Greg looked away, shifting uncomfortably. “Greg? What happened? Where’s Sherlock?”
Sherlock gasped as John's lips moved down to his neck, leaving a dark bruise there. "You have no idea what you do to me Love."
"Do you think that maybe one day you would want me like that?" John shrugged, rolling onto his back and tugging Sherlock close to his side.
"Sherlock-"
“That gentlemen in the corner ran out of hair gel this morning, so instead he used-”
Mike put a bridle on Redbeard and lifted Sherlock onto his back.
“You’re angry.” John met his eyes, and Sherlock could see the pain and anger there.
“Don’t you remember the last time? I won’t allow that to happen to you again.”
This Hope had belonged to The Spider.
“Please stop-”
"I'm not on until three."
“Why are you in such a foul mood today Gavin?” Sherlock snapped, earning a harsh glare from the man.
“Like I said, Chemistry isn’t exactly my strong suit so this just kind of sits here. It’s yours if you want it.” Sherlock spun around in his chair, looking at the beast behind him in awe.
"Since it's your first time-"
One of his favorite things to see first thing in the morning was a well-fucked Sherlock Holmes.
"It's fine. I tried to tell her you aren't gay, but she wouldn't listen-"
“He can’t hear you. I’m going to make him tear his pretty little brains out through his ears.”
Sherlock's mind spun as he felt John's fingers slip under his shirt, tracing the lines of his hips with practiced ease.
He felt the nausea rising in his throat and was prepared to race for the bathroom when his foot knocked against an empty bucket. He didn’t have time to question how it got there before his body started to expel the leftover alcohol in his system.
“My brother banished me, or have you forgotten that?” Sherlock snapped, sending the man a cold glare through the camera. “I would be shocked if you did, you were, after all, the one that flogged me and escorted me from his planet.” There was silence from the other end for a long while before John’s tablet dinged.
“God, please don’t call me that. I hate that phrase. Such an antiquated title.”
Alright – SH
“I’ll come by and check on you tomorrow.”
“Moriarty figured it out and everything changed. He helped me through my recovery, apologizing every day and not raising a finger against me. I thought it was over. I thought he truly loved me.”
“God! Don’t even start with that.”
A soft gasp fell from his lips as Sherlock's lips ghosted over one of his nipples. He threaded his fingers in his boyfriend's hair and closed his eyes, dropping his head back and cursing quietly as Sherlock timidly teased him.
“Yeah, when he started talking about you, I recognized him. I saw him when I died that last time, and I saw him when I died then.”
“John!” Sherlock’s concerned voice sounded years away as John felt his body connecting with the floor.
"Harriet left about an hour ago, said she was going to walk home." John blinked at Sherlock, shock and frustration filling his mind.
No questions – M
"It means that he can have romantic feelings for either sex, but he only feels a sexual attraction for women." Greg was quiet for a moment, and Sherlock felt his irritation level soften slightly. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all.
He glared at the door, silently willing whoever it was to go away. The person ignored his silent demand though, continuing to pound on the door until Sherlock decided to answer.
"No, nothing like that. I just thought that he isn't gay, and you don't feel things like that."
"Oh! Of course! I don't know how I missed it!" John grinned, watching as his lover jumped out of his seat, hurrying across the room and digging through another stack of files. He grabbed a file, spinning back and shoving the papers at Lestrade, grinning proudly. "There, that is all the proof you need to arrest Donaldson." Lestrade looked skeptical but relieved, taking the file and opening it.
“He doesn’t see you.” John growled, his claws aching from holding up his weight. He could see the change in Moriarty’s face at those words. The grin disappeared and was quickly replaced with rage.
“Will you ever learn my name?”
“He collapsed. I need to know his medical history. Is there anything I should know?”
Sherlock had been drifting aimlessly through the stars when the storm hit.
John said his goodbyes, making his way up the stairs to gather his things.
The toaster popped, startling them both. Sherlock yelped, his feet tangling in the sheet as he tried to stumble away. John watched in shock as the taller boy crashed to the ground, not able to process what was happening for several seconds.
"Get fucked Anderson." Gavin snapped, gripping Sherlock's elbow and hauling him closer, stepping in front of him and challenging Anderson. "Sherlock Holmes is a friend of ours, and if anyone so much as looks at him wrong, they'll have us to answer to. Got it?" Anderson growled but nodded, glaring at Sherlock as he stormed away. "Mikey, make sure Sherlock gets to class okay." Sherlock flinched when he felt a hand grip his shoulder, but let himself be led down the hall.
"What did I say about patience, Sherlock?" John growled, pushing into the detective's body slowly, his mind spinning with arousal at the sensation. "F-Fuck- I told y-you-" he paused as he slid inside Sherlock fully, biting his lip against a groan, "I told you I-I would fuck you." Sherlock whimpered, shifting his hips slightly and glaring weakly up at John, his cheeks and chest flushed and lips swollen from where he had been chewing on them. "God Love, you're bloody perfect-"
"Wait, what?" Sherlock flinched, and John realized how loud his voice was in the empty studio. "Sorry."
"Since when do you get nervous. Brother Mine?" Sherlock chuckled as Mycroft blushed, tugging the t-shirt on over his head.
The sky darkened intimidatingly and snow began to fall.
"Sorry, I'm sorry Sherlock. Here, I'll come under there and help you, okay?" John made his way under the bleachers, finally getting his laughter under control.
“Alright, bossy. I’m guessing you were a top.”
"Breathe Love, you need to breathe." John whispered, reaching for the black bag and pulling out one of the condoms. There was some more shuffling and the sound of a foil packet tearing open, but Sherlock once more kept his eyes trained on the ceiling.
"You shouldn't apologize, in fact, this is quite the feat." John's smile went from boyish to slightly confused and Sherlock blushed, he hadn't intended on voicing that thought out loud, but now that he had started, there was no way he could bail. "I-I mean- normally I wait for the third date before I agree to get into bed with someone." John blinked at him for a moment, and Sherlock instantly regretted speaking. He was about to retract what he said when a bright laugh filled the tiny flat.
He made his way down to the ballroom, trying to think of what to say. It had been a long time since he had tried to talk to someone about stuff like this. He stepped through the ornate doors, ignoring the whispers of the harpsichord and the band as he walked to the middle of the room.
A deafening wail vibrated the air around the boat.
"How often is that?"
“Mother, please. I’m fine. John has taken excellent care of me.” Sherlock sent John a devious grin as Mrs. Holmes spun towards him, gripping him in an intense hug, nearly lifting him off the ground.
"I-I'm not- it- it's not- we're not-" Harry pulled the confused boy back into her arms, laughing along with John and their mother at his distress.
SMUT WARNING!!!!!
“You’re welcome Brother dear.” A new voice came from behind John and he spun, grabbing his gun and preparing to defend Sherlock. Mycroft stood in the doorway, looking horrendously unimpressed. John lowered his gun and scowled at the older man.
“I’m not a good man, John Watson, not by a long shot. But, for some reason, you seem to love me. I have abused you, hurt you, nearly killed you, and you still insist on loving me.” Uncertainty filled his features and he pulled his finger away from John’s lips. “I-I mean- y-you did- I don’t want to assume-” John grinned and grabbed the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling him closer until their lips were just barely touching.
“I’ll explain in a minute, just answer the question.”
“I’m hoping this means my brother is healed enough to return to work.” John jumped from Sherlock’s lap, straightening his clothes as best he could and blushing furiously. A tall man stood in the doorway, leaning on an umbrella with a smug expression.
“S-Sherlock- Your- your stomach-”
“You guys need to get out of here, now.” Sherlock’s blood ran cold at the fear he could see in the shorter man’s eyes. John looked confused, stepping closer to his friend and glancing back at Sherlock.
His ghost flickered away briefly before re-appearing in front of him.
"Fine. I promise."
He grabbed Sherlock’s thin frame, pulling the unconscious creature close just before the rope attached to his waist was pulled tight and he was jolted away.
"Hey, don't be sorry Babe. It's all fine. We can talk about it more when you get back, alright?" Sherlock nodded, still hiding his face. "Sherlock? Look at me Babe, please?" He uncovered his eyes and looked at the screen, unable to fight the smile that started forming when he met John's sleepy eyes. "There's my gorgeous boy." John whispered, fighting back a yawn. Sherlock glanced at the clock on the wall before smiling back at his boyfriend.
"J-John-"
"Of course, you must be John! Oh, Sherlock has been so excited about tonight. Must have changed his shirt a thousand times." John blushed, smirking shyly. "And he certainly wasn't exaggerating about your good looks, was he?"
"Greg and Mikey, you guys are benched today, take a seat boys." The rest of the group shuffled closer, their heads hanging low and avoiding John's eyes. "You Cocks are lucky. Sherlock isn't going to press charges, and I don't think I'm going to make him. I am going to make sure you regret waking up this morning."
"Put this on, the wear your button-down overtop and leave it untucked and open." Sherlock turned back to the mirror on his wall, fussing with his hair again. He watched his brother in the mirror as he glared at the shirt for a moment before pulling at the buttons of his shirt.
“I have no idea.” John nodded, processing the new information.
"Did they just-"
“J-John-”
“Let me finish John.” Sherlock snapped, rolling his eyes in a way that was purely Sherlock Holmes. “When I woke up, I was angry, hurt, and confused. I had a voice in the back of my head screaming at me that I had fallen in love with someone I’d never met. All I knew, was that I had failed in killing myself and was now missing a year of my life, a third of which belonged to a faceless man I apparently loved.” John was fighting back tears and could see that Sherlock was doing the same.
“There wasn’t anything you could have done Mikey. This isn’t something a one-off will fix.” Mike breathed a heavy sigh and nodded.
“Yes, what?”
Double or nothing - JW
"So? No one else is here, I can have you here, on the table, over the arm of the sofa, wherever I want." John tugged the sheet off Sherlock's hips, sucking a dark mark into the skin of his neck as he pulled the other boy close.
“No, no don’t speak. The bullet might have punctured your lung.” He grabbed his Summoning Bowl and Ritual Dagger before pulling out an ancient book, made of leather and parchment. He had found the book years ago, and had spent many years translating it.
They both fell asleep, Sherlock wrapped protectively in John’s arms.
“How was I being rude?”
He thought as he searched for the source of the voice. He froze completely when he caught sight of the being that was sitting on the edge of the boat.
“Why are you doing this?”
“He ran because of me, Mycroft! I told him I thought he was attractive and he freaked out! He isn’t going to want me anywhere near him.” John felt his heart shatter as he lost sight of the young man. He dropped to his knees and held his head in his hands.
“No, no John, it’s not. I’m right here. I’m not dead John.” Sherlock tilted his head and pressed a soft kiss to John’s lips. John gasped as something in his chest sparked, just this side of painful. “See? Think John. Use that beautifully dull brain of yours. How can I touch you if I’m dead?” The spark in John’s chest flared again, making his head swim and breathing become irregular.
I miss you too – SH
“You didn’t tell me your family is rich!”
Where Sherlock was gifted with his song, his skills paled in comparison to his sibling’s. Mycroft could manipulate energies without the use of his song.
John's blood ran cold as he pushed his way to the front, catching sight of the police officers and emergency workers blocking the doorway. A tall officer tried to stop him, keeping him out of the studio with a bored expression.
“Sherlock.”
“He can’t hear you.” Moriarty stepped close to Sherlock, grinning coldly up at the Siren. “You like the song? I spent weeks perfecting it. Exactly tuned to manipulate the deepest points of his Life Force. His mind is gone, and he will do whatever I want him to.” John felt his blood run cold when Moriarty pressed his lips to Sherlock’s and kissed him. The Siren didn’t respond, but also didn’t fight.
Sherlock began frequenting the darkened alleys at night, hunting for the boy with the steel eyes. He had been three when he went missing, making him almost eighteen now. He had to show up one night, they wouldn't keep him hidden after he reached legal age.
"Yeah?"
"Care to share?" Lestrade snapped, clearly not impressed with how long Sherlock was taking to answer.
John is insisting – SH
"Oh, most definitely, asked as soon as we walked in." Sherlock felt the tips of his ears start to burn and avoided the gazes of the team, turning his gaze to the new ring that adorned his finger. "It's called a Claddagh." John mumbled, pressing a soft kiss to the skin behind his ear. "My father wore one when he first started seeing my mother. If you point the tip of the heart facing you, it means your heart belongs to another. Facing out means you're looking." Sherlock smiled, twisting the silver, heart-shaped band on his finger and watching the purple stone glinting in the disco lights. "It's just a promise ring, but when I get back, if you wanted, we could make it an engagement ring." Sherlock nodded, kissing his boyfriend softly before resting his head on John's shoulder.
Why are you doing this? – SH
“You are mine Sherlock Holmes. You would do well to remember that.” He nodded at Moran before throwing the door open. The pair left the flat, leaving Sherlock alone.
"Mum! Did you see us? We did it!" Harry sprang into Mrs. Watson's arms, excitement pouring off her.
“Hey Sherlock. Moriarty wanted me to tell you that if you aren’t here before the first sun sets tonight, he will do to me what he did to you, then make me hunt you down and tear you apart, then listen to your song until what is left of my mind fades.” Sherlock fought back a sob when John’s eyes caught his through the camera. “Don’t bother coming Gorgeous, I’m not worth it. Just let him kill me, it’s easier that way-”
I have no idea – SH
“Thank you, Mike.” The shorter man grinned and nodded, going back to his work.
"You okay Sherlock?" Geoffrey asked, keeping his eyes on Anderson. Sherlock nodded, the panic in his chest slowly dissipating as he realized that the team was defending him, not attacking him.
"Bedroom then?" John pulled Sherlock close and nuzzled against his jawline, pressing barely-there kisses against his skin. Sherlock shrugged timidly, his cheeks darkening as he avoided John's gaze.
"They know we-"
“If it’s any constellation, I think you’re hot too.” John winked at Sherlock, enjoying the shock that took over the tall man’s face.
“Shit!” John cursed as he watched the young man behind him hit the cold stone stairs. He ran back up the steps, catching the limp body before his skull could strike the stairs again. He grabbed him up in his arms and raced through the palace, calling for Mycroft and Greg as he went.
"You mean the Royal Navy that kicked me, my mother, my baby sister and my abusive father to the streets? You know what happened to them? Mom went to find food one night, didn't come back. Harriet died of exposure because I was too young to keep her alive. Dad came back to our alley to find me crying over Harriet's frozen body and tried to beat me to death. I had to kill my own father when I was twelve fucking years old because your precious Navy couldn't stand to deal with a scandal." John turned back to Sherlock, a dark grin on his face.
"I am happy." He mumbled, grinning down at the menu before him. Mycroft felt his chest swell.
"I love you too, Tiny Dancer. I really have to go though, I'm going to be late."
It was The Prince.
“Why are you helping me?”
The boy standing at the end of the counter smirked at him, a timid confidence in his steel eyes. He looked healthy, still too thin, but healthy. He was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, a simple black jacket hanging off his shoulders, making him look even smaller than he was.
“Mycroft is Death, every body has a limit to how long it can function without a soul. The longest I have seen a body function with out a soul is five minutes. The longer it sits, the more strands of time fray around it. John was at the three-minute mark when Mycroft restored him. Once time separates from the body, it can’t be restored by anyone except Fate, and Fate never gives up her dead.” The sounds of sirens filled the air, pulling Sherlock from his thoughts. He looked worriedly at John, feeling fear grip his chest as he thought of the frailty of humans.
"Love you too Tiny Dancer. Now, lets get dressed and go have a horrifically uncomfortable breakfast with your parents."
“Better. Now, on your knees like a good soldier. Show me what you can do with that clever mouth of yours.” Sherlock scrambled to obey, dropping to his knees between John’s legs and fighting with his belt.
“He was your first kill.” John nodded, running his hand through his hair and sighing. “It wasn’t your fault John.”
The Spider had found him.
"John?" Sherlock appeared at the top of the stairs, his cheeks flushed and brow furrowed in confusion. "I-I thought you were going to text me when you got here?" John grinned up at his boyfriend, his throat tightening as the younger boy made his way down the stairs.
“Alright Dears, just call if you need anything.”
“Is that it?” Mycroft asked.
“We can discuss the logistics later, when you are ready to go back to work. For now, let’s just say that whatever this is, it is what it is.” Sherlock grinned, leaning down and kissing John tenderly. “Sound good Gorgeous?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was hoping you could come by my office today. I have an offer for you.”
He came to with a painful heave of his lungs, coughing and choking on the residual energy his lungs had absorbed during his fall.
"Hey, Love." He whispered, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's lips. "You solved the case." Sherlock grinned, cupping John's cheek and kissing him, slightly deeper than the last one. "God, I love watching you work, makes me want to bend you over whatever surface I can find and fuck you until you scream." Sherlock whined, pressing closer and threading his fingers in John's hair.
“I’m sorry John-”
“I could ask Mycroft if there is any way to pull Sherlock out of a funk. I remember there being a few times when he would go off the deep end like this. Myc was always able to talk him down.”
"There we go." John whispered, focusing on that point as he moved his hips faster, keeping Sherlock right on the edge. "Fuck Sherlock- so gorgeous Babe."
“You didn’t kill him Sherlock, but you’re going to if you don’t calm down!” Sherlock froze, taking stock of the room. The lights were flickering and John’s heart rate monitor was starting to beep loudly. His energy was disrupting the machines that were keeping John breathing. He backed away, stumbling back against the wall, his body almost slipping through. He solidified just enough to lean against the wall, sliding down and dropping his head back against the wall.
Sherlock froze, coming to a halt just before a massive pair of doors. He had found the exit, but wouldn’t leave if John was about to tell him he had given up.
Then again, towards the end it had begun to feel as though Victor's entire reason for existing was to hate what Sherlock loved.
“Fine, I’ll tell him you want to talk. Meet him in the ballroom at eight o’clock. Dress nicely, the Harpsichord hates it when you don’t dress appropriately when you enter his room.” Lestrade leapt off the counter, leaving a confused Sherlock behind.
"Perfect, we'll come out here for the night, and I'll fuck your beautiful brains out." Sherlock's cheeks darkened again and John laughed, kissing his boyfriend once more before standing, grabbing their shirts and handing Sherlock his.
How about ever? – M
“Yes.”
Oh! I know! - SH
“Jesus Mate, what the fuck are you thinking? You lost almost all your blood, you shouldn’t be up-”
"But Daddy-"
“What’s it like? Getting off with a ghost?”
“Well, he’s a peach.” John didn’t bother to hide the sarcasm in his tone as he finally relaxed back into Sherlock’s arms, tilting his head so the taller man could have more access to his neck. Sherlock continued kissing and sucking lightly.
“John-”
"But it's been-" John pressed a finger against Sherlock's lips, his face a mix of frustration and pain that made Sherlock's chest ache.
“That’s a pretty cheesy line.”
“Call me Mary. Why are you here Time? Surely you are aware that this young man belongs to me?” Sherlock tensed at her words, John belonged to him. He knew him first, kissed him first.
“Of course. He isn’t listening.”
He knew that the ghost wasn’t gone, he felt the tell-tale signs of static electricity whenever he tried talking to his friend, but Sherlock wasn’t showing himself. John was miserable without his ghost. At first, he had been concerned that the shock his body had received had somehow disrupted his energy. When Sherlock had blasted the hospital room with his energy, his body had gone into cardiac arrest. The doctors had been able to revive him, but it was a close call. John had suffered a minor concussion from hitting the glass, but it wasn’t serious.
“Nice to meet you Sherlock. How long have you been here?”
“Would like to come to dinner with me on Sunday?”
"So needy, and I've only just started with you. This is going to be fun." John grinned against his skin, finishing with the shirt and moving on to teasing open Sherlock's trousers. "You know, we're going to have to move if you want me to take my clothes-"
“Almost.”
"I-I love you." Sherlock's voice was soft and broken when he spoke, and he quickly covered his face, embarrassment filling him as he felt John tense above him.
I miss you too – SH
John watched as Sherlock raced away, tugging at his hair and fighting for air. Sherlock was going to die out there, and there was no way he would let him save him.
Sherlock shuddered as he felt John's fingers fighting with the buttons on his trousers. He was breathing heavily and starting to tremble. His mouth kept talking while he worked.
He spun to face his boyfriend, unable to contain the glee that was pulling his lips into a wide grin.
“Mycroft?”
John didn't mind his baggage, he even seemed to find him funny.
"It's Greg, but yeah." John laughed, motioning to the seat across from Sherlock. "Mind if I join you? Or are you expecting your boyfriend, what's his name, Markus?" Sherlock felt his chest tighten at the mention of his recent ex.
"J-John?" The boy laughed, pushing off the wall he had been leaning against and stepping closer.
“I love you too John.”
"All good?" John nodded, tugging Sherlock close and wrapping his arm around his waist. The three of them made their way down the halls, ignoring the stares and whispers of the kids around them. "I don't think that Jim kid is going to report you, he kind of scurried away with his tail between his legs after you two left." Sherlock nodded, blushing lightly as he felt John's hand tighten around his hip. "What the hell happened anyway? I came in after it started-"
“I know you’re bored, but you don’t seem to like any of my suggestions. What do you want to do?” John yelped as Sherlock gripped his arm and pulled him back onto his lap. The pale man latched onto his neck, nipping at the skin and pulling a soft, needy sound from John’s throat.
Sherlock spent many days trying to rebuild his mind palace since moving back into Baker Street. He would sit on the sofa and stare endlessly at the walls, ignoring John’s pleas for him to eat or sleep.
A new man poked his head into the room, waving at John and Molly before turning his attention to Sherlock.
“This is my house, and you two just barged in here uninvited, I can speak to you however I please. I have no interest in being courted, especially not by James Moriarty. Now if you would please leave, I have work to do.” He gestured for the door, trying desperately to appear calm. Moriarty grinned, appearing more interested than before.
“Damn it Mike!”
"John-"
“John-”
Fine – SH
“I’ve tried that. It always winds up with me on the floor and textbooks being thrown at my skull. It found my gun Greg! My fucking gun! I had to hide it in a salted lockbox just to stop it from shooting the bloody walls.”
A tall, thin, pale young man was tied to the mast, hands bound above his head. He was shouting at one of the crew members and tugging on his restraints.
“Something like that, yeah.”
Sherlock tried to focus on his work, but found himself distracted by thoughts of John. The Beast was different than he had initially thought, kinder and far gentler than Sherlock would have thought possible. He was lost in thought for a while, until he heard the clinking of the Candelabra’s feet on the stone floor. He glanced over, watching Lestrade as he clambered onto the counter next to Sherlock.
“Because you saved me, and anything that will help fuck with the Spider’s operations sounds like fun to me.”
“No.” Sherlock pushed himself out of John’s arms, instantly missing the feeling of the human pressing against him. “No, you don’t get to help me if you won’t let me help you.”
He must have passed out, because he was shocked to consciousness by the clinking of fine china and the excited whisper of a child.
“Why?”
John whimpered when Sherlock started moving, the song still making his Life Force sing and enhancing every sensation. He sobbed at the overwhelming electricity that lanced along his spine when Sherlock found his prostate.
And that is the end of another one of my AUs!!! I hope you guys like it!! I'm writing another one now that I will post once it's finished.
"Just a few more minutes Baby, I promise." John whispered, easing another finger inside Sherlock's body and starting to scissor them, slowly convincing the muscles to relax. "Talk to me Love, do you need me to stop?" Sherlock shook his head, shifting back and gasping as he felt John's fingers slip deeper, brushing his prostate.
“This is Mycroft Holmes, I believe you met my little brother a while back?” John flushed and fidgeted in his seat as memories of Sherlock assaulted him. He cleared his throat and glanced around, knowing his discomfort was unfounded, but still couldn’t help it.
"You, Sherlock Holmes, have a tell." John's voice was deep and rough. He manoeuvered himself so that he was kneeling under the table in front of Sherlock. "Just keep working Sweetheart." He grinned up at Sherlock and went back to working on opening his trousers. Pale eyes watched him for a moment before returning to the microscope. John worked the trousers open and used his skilled fingers to guide Sherlock's erection out from his pants. He heard the detective's breathing hitch at the touch and smirked, stroking him a few times before taking the tip between his lips and sucking gently. Sherlock keened and dropped his head back, unable to focus on his work when John's mouth was on his member.
“You’re a good dancer.” John whispered, his voice a rich growl that rumbled through Sherlock’s frame.
“Wait, wasn’t there a Moriarty on staff here?”
Too soon, Sherlock had to leave, his own practice about to start.
Sherlock gasped as John reached for him, dragging him close and gripping the back of his neck tightly.
“Great! Now help before I drop him.” Sherlock stepped forward, taking John’s other arm and slinging it over his shoulder. Greg had to shake his head to clear away the awe at seeing a ghost helping to carry a drunk man up a flight of stairs. “So, if you aren’t mad at him, why aren’t you talking to him?”
“Goodbye Mikey.” He whispered, turning away and starting to loosen the ropes that held his ship in place.
Then he closed the gap.
Within minutes, Sherlock was whimpering loudly, his body relaxed and open as John teased his prostate.
No pressure? – SH
"Well then, it's clear that my little brother and his companion have noted a mutual interest between us, so if you are amendable, I would very much like to enjoy dinner with you." Greg was frozen for nearly ten seconds before he let out a snort of laughter. Mycroft looked affronted and his cheeks darkened.
“Yeah, not for another couple of weeks. The wound on his stomach is still healing, and not well at that. I’m not comfortable with him returning to filming with it still open like that.”
That's too long – JW
They stumbled out of the shower, giggling breathlessly as they tried to make their way into the bedroom without tripping.
"So, how did you two meet?" John swallowed thickly, trying to remember how to speak. Sherlock's parents seemed like lovely people, but his father kept watching him with an expression that made his stomach swirl uncomfortably.
"John! Stop distracting Sherlock! We have to practice!" John grinned, tearing his eyes away from his blushing boyfriend to glare at his little sister. Harry and Sherlock had been slotted to dance together again, so that meant that John had an excuse to watch them practice.
John wasn't Victor.
He leaned against the door, sighing heavily and blinking back the unwanted tears. He wouldn't cry, not when there were so many people that could catch him.
“You have no idea the hold your empty soul has on the minds of others, do you?” Moriarty leaned down and hovered his lips just over John’s. “Your lack of emotion is, to say the least, intoxicating-”
“Not exactly.” John said, turning to face Sherlock. “Ready?”
"Are you mad?" Sherlock snatched the biscuit out of John's hand just as he was about to feed it to Rosie. "She has already had one today, that is more than enough." John rolled his eyes and laughed, pulling another sweet out of the box.
It was a lengthy process, and Sherlock’s status didn’t waver. Once John finished, he leaned back, taking the young man’s pulse and checking once more for fluids. When he was satisfied, he called Mycroft back in. reassuring him that he had cleared the fluid, and that he would keep an eye on his status through the night.
