“You said once,” Tony starts, voice fond and heavy and thick with emotion, “that you wanted to know me before we took this further.” He swallows, and Steve can feel Tony’s nerves dance across his chest like tapping fingers, but can feel that darker undercurrent of
He doesn’t notice the set of Steve’s jaw, his eyes turning flat and dark as he strides inside alone. Tony only feels the cold absence without Steve’s arm around him.
“Yes.” Said he – smile affixed to his face that gave Antonia so much pleasure she felt heady on it – “and for good reason. I was six years old when you were born.”
Tony flushes a deep wine red. He comes from a family of liars, he socialises with cheats and philanderers and sociopaths. He forgets how direct and achingly honest Steve can be, how he doesn’t hide behind pretense or joking words. Every single letter is chosen precisely for Tony’s ears. He stares at Steve for a pregnant moment, watches the flush begin to set in on his still gorgeously naked chest. He thinks of how that skin will feel against his own, how they’ll move together, and blushes nuclear.
“Service! The very recollection, when I saw him coming to my rescue with a noble look, and my wretchedness before. In one moment such a change to be incandescently happy!”
Instead he straightens his tie and moves off toward the elevator muttering about needing to get there on time. Steve’s footfall is quiet behind him and the gentle but consistent warmth comforts Tony in a way nothing else can.
Antonia leaves that unanswered, for she is unsure of what she would even say. They speak no more, comfortable in each other’s silence, and make for Randall’s.
Steven brushes a curl out of Antonia’s vision, face achingly tender and so full of love it brims over and spills into Antonia’s skin. She feels so light with happiness its surprise she doesn’t soar into the clouds. He kisses her like a man starved, and she kisses him like he’s the oasis in a drought. They reclaim each other again, wrapped up in each other so close that it’s hard to tell where one begins and another ends (and thankfully, by this point, Maria and Jarvis have turned away to allow them their privacy, for if it was anyone else but those two watching, there may have been a challenge of honour). They stop now and then to giggle into each other’s space, the happiness bubbling over like an overboiled cauldron, continuing to learn each-others lips in the tranquility of Highbury’s gardens, only the birds their witnesses.
His defender stands above him, chest heaving with exertion, face so ferocious that if he was a dog Tony thinks he would probably be growling around this point. His would-be attackers stand in a fractured circle around the pair, hovering and unsure whether taking on all of Steve in his six foot glory. Steve throws a last punch at the ring leader and they scatter off as fast as they can.
She might have prevented the indulgence and increase of such sentiments, her influence enough to smother the flame. And now she was embarrassingly aware she ought of prevented them. She had risked her friend’s happiness on most insufficient grounds. Common sense would have directed her to tell Pepper she must not allow herself to think of him, and that it was unlikely for him to think of her. But common sense and Antonia did not go hand in hand.
“It’s not that you aren’t gorgeous and whilst I’d love to watch you get all up in my business for a bit both professionally and personally, I’m very good at what I do. I only let Pep hire you to amuse herself into thinking that the place is safer when realistically it’s as safe as it can be. I should know, I designed the place.”
It should be said that intelligent minds with little to do often wander in mischevious ways, and none was more so intelligent with so little to do than Antonia Stark’s. And at this precise moment, an ingenious and animating suspicion entered Antonia’s brain with regard to Natasha Romanov, this charming Mr. Murdock, and the not going to Ireland. She was a romantic, at heart, one well acquainted with Gaskell and Edgeworth. A fanciful notion struck her at once as to the relationship between the two, and she was lost.
it melts into Steve’s bones and settles there. He feels warm and his chest tight as Tony grinds into him and deepens the kiss with a flick of the tongue that Steve chases into his mouth. He doesn’t think he’s imagining the little gasp he wrings from Tony as he thumbs the other man’s trousers, and things are about to get distinctly M+ rated when the door finally rattles open and a gasp fills the room that is decidedly not theirs, followed by a camera flash.
He’s talking quietly with the Falcon, heads bent and when Sam reaches across to pat a hand to Steve’s knee Tony ashamed to say he sees red and gets far too possessive for a man who used to be so lax about relationships. He’s over to their side in a flash painting on a grin dripping with fake sincerity.
, knee smacking against the concrete floor loud enough to echo in the now silent room. Tony thinks he hears Bruce gasp somewhere like some Victorian heroine, and he’d spare a moment to roll his eyes at his reaction but he’s too busy trying to breathe around his heart now lodged in his throat.
“I am so so so sorry.” He whispers low into Tony’s ear, masking his mouth with his hands. Unfortunately for him three of his team are skilled lip readers.
“I must first, before all else, apologize for my behavior.” Antonia began, tripping over words as they stumbled from her lips. “I am embarrassed by my actions, and hope that you can only forgive me for ever making you feel like you spoke of on the Hill –“
“It’s an invitation, from the Cages.” Oh, they do express themselves so very properly, she cannot help but break a grin, watching Steven’s face change to mock surprise, “they would have solicited the honor earlier, but had been waiting the arrival of a folding-screen from London, which they hoped might keep Mrs. Stark from any draught of air, and therefore induce her the more readily to attend of the honor of her company.”
“Well you’ve got the classic ‘bewitched him with his penis’ on 10/1 odds, the ‘Steve’s secretly a superhero and you are both part of a super-secret gang and the relationship is a ruse’ at 27/1 or the good old fashioned ‘Steve’s a dark horse and a secret millionaire and you met at a society dinner’ at 12/1.”
He knows this person is for him, but he doesn’t know when. So when military enrolment officers come to his school, size him up with dollars in their eyes, and offer him a free ride through university should he serve, he sees no other choice. He thinks to his mother counting coppers out for the laundrette, her wrists thin and eyes tired, and thinks how he needs to have world experience for anyone to want him. It’s a double edged sword, the knowledge that this other half of his will love him no matter what, but still being utterly determined to be worthy of such a devotion.
Miss Hill is only stopped but for a deliciously quiet moment, “I’m sure she could… Natasha is equal to anything, I’m sure Chinese would be only another latent ability yet uncovered. Did I tell you she is halfway through a reading list featuring 100 titles? One hundred!”
ntonia Stark, pretty, clever, and rich, with a comfortable home and a happy disposition, was incredibly fortunate to live an incredibly comfortable life; and had lived nearly twenty-one years in the world with very little to distress or vex her.
“We have a new addition to our party.” Antonia smiled as everyone settled in their places at the dinner table, waving toward Pepper, “Virginia-“
“I yield to your intimate knowledge and expertise of Captain Rogers.” Jarvis remarked, Antonia missing the amused nature of his tone, merely flushing at the word
“It is a good letter.” She affirms, “So much so that it is likely one of his sisters wrote it for him. But I can hope to be honest enough to say it is a better written letter than I had expected from him. No doubt he is a sensible man with a natural talent for thinking strongly and clearly and when he takes pen in hand he naturally finds proper words. It is so with some men, even if not well educated.”
Steve murmurs an apology before looking down to the screen. Clints being trying to get in touch it seems for the last hour, and it’s with mounting alarm he reads the texts to sirens and screams in his mind.
“I will, however, be calling on Miss Hill in the morning, if you need me to pass on any felicitations.” Said Antonia, and if her mother found the sudden announcement of a visit to their old mutual family acquaintance, she did not speak it.
“Antonia, I –“ Steven begins, before stopping. He took her hand; - whether she had not herself made the first motion, she could not say – she perhaps might have rather offered it – but he took her hand, pressed it, and certainly was on the point of carrying it to his lips when, from some fancy or other, he suddenly lets it go. Why he should change his mind when it was all but done, she could not perceive. The intention, however, was indubitable; and her hand feels bereft from the disappearance of the touch.  He left them immediately afterwards – gone in a moment. He always moved with such an alertness of mind which could neither be undecided nor hesitant, but now he seemed more sudden than usual in his appearance.
“You are usually out and about nowadays whenever I visit,” he turns now, focus settling on Antonia like a warm shroud placed around her shoulders, “Always in the company of the prodigal son.”
The pair smile fondly, look at Tony as though he’s mad. “Kinda counting on that, boss.” Happy speaks first, grinning wildly and Tony has a moment to realise that this chaotic household was difficult for them too. He doesn’t have long before he hears the whine of an oh-so familiar engine, heart in his mouth.
Steve becomes well acquainted with this feeling himself, basks in it when he is the only thing standing between Tony and Howard. He stares down the glass decanter on the table, unable to do anything but envision bringing down that heavy bottle atop Howard’s head for the things he’s done to his love.
Later, when Howard spends an hour berating him for his failures, he has to stifle the grin that stutters around his face. He thinks Howard knows it too, cutting his rant short to tell him to get out of his sight, utterly discombobulated by this exuberant son of his.
She was indebted to Captain Rogers (she tried and failed to think of him without blushing), and to Bruce. There was no denying the pair were more smart to this than she was. She remembered what Steven had once said to her about Mr. Hammer, the caution he had given of how Mr. Hammer would never marry indiscreetly, but she didn’t think either believed him of reaching as far as he had tried! It was dreadfully mortifying; but Mr. Hammer was proving to be, in many respects, the very reverse of what she had thought him; assuming, facetious, conceited and so very full of his own claims with little regard to others.
While they talked, they were advancing towards the carriage; it was ready; and before she could speak again he had handed her in. Her tongue was motionless, stuttered in anger against herself, mortification and deep concern. She had not been able to speak; and on entering the carriage sunk back into herself, before reproaching herself on taking no leave, or making no acknowledgement, parting in sullenness rather than forgiveness. She looked out with a voice and hand eager to show difference, but it was just too late, he had turned away. Never had she felt so mortified, grieved, upset at any circumstance in her life. How could she have been so brutal, and how could she have exposed herself to such ill opinion in any one she valued, let alone Steven, whose opinion mattered most! And to suffer him to leave her without saying one word to the contrary! Letting him believe that she thought him as anything less than one of the most wondrous and forgiving men she knew!
” Steve is shocked, the weight of Tony’s confession hanging between them. And Tony stares at him now, eyes filled with a sadness that unmans Steve in the face of it. He turns to leave as the silence stretches out in front of them.
It’s surprisingly difficult to avoid people in the Avenger Tower, considering its size. Steve makes it work, though. He takes to waking obscenely early, even for him, running until his lungs burn with it, before returning to the Tower on shaky legs. He runs through the motions of showering, eating, just doing enough to be present. It doesn’t feel dissimilar to when he first resurfaced after the ice. He is still Captain America in the field, able to reel off orders within a breath of assessing the situation. He’s clinically efficient, working faster than ever, but he only receives strange and questioning glances after battle. He doesn’t look at Tony, only sees the looks of hurt and confusion out the corner of his eye. He doesn’t think he could stand to see his ever so expressive eyes head on and not blurt out the whole sorry affair.
Mr. Marvel meanwhile, perfectly unsuspicious of the disbelief and jealousy he was courting, happy and cheerful as usual, and with all the right of being a principal talker. Which, a day spent anywhere from home naturally infers, was making himself agreeable and satisfying the enquiries of the room, before making himself proceed in a family communication, which though primarily addressed to Mrs. Marvel, he had not the smallest doubt of being highly interesting to everybody in the room. He handed Mrs. Marvel a letter, it was from Clint.
man.” Tony groans out, as Steve twists his fingers in a particularly filthy move that means they skate across his prostate and cause sparks to light up past his eyelids.
They leave together, and Tony only pauses a moment to kiss his other half desperately and try not to fly apart at the seams.
Mrs. Hammer was spoken of, “I think she must be here soon,” said he “I have a great curiosity to see Mrs. Hammer. I have heard so much of her.”
“So why is it so important that painting is hung somewhere with protection?” Tony queries, and launches a conversation that sprawls the next hours with abandon. Steve should be worried, he thinks later, about how easy it is. How quick he feels at home with someone so beyond his reach. At the time though, all he can think is how bright Tony shines, away from the cameras. He’s like a supernova, a light close to blinding, but one you don’t dare look away from for fear of missing it.
“Quiet you.” Steve says, but there’s no heat to it, just a lazy grin that has Tony’s teeth clashing with his as he licks the words out Steve’s mouth. It’s fond and stupid and
what Greek mythology meant by ground shaking. He’s not sure if he is still stood on solid ground, can’t look away to check. Steven’s eyes are two aquamarine pools that sparkle and wink and beckon him like a siren to a watery grave. He’s helpless, takes a faltering step forward, hand trembling out like a newborn lamb.
He sits on the top of a roof as a soulbond tears across his skin and marks it, the streets of New York continuing its frenetic pace none the wiser to the paradigm shift occurring just a couple hundred feet above.
What he doesn’t imagine is Tony grabbing a hold of his shirt again and speaking fast “Thanks Steve. For everything.”
They are alone now, Sarah excusing herself quickly, brushing her fingers over Steven’s shoulders with a firm squeeze, offering them the little privacy she could.
The words twist in Steve’s stomach, and despite how he might want to desperately read into them he knows better than that. So he smirks, a little thing, heady on the knowledge that Tony’s near out of his mind and he did that. He did, no other memory, no other person, will come into their bed tonight. It’s just them and it’s glorious.
“I will not pretend to not know what you mean. Do not distress yourself. You may have difficulty in believing this boast, but I am truly indifferent. There was perhaps a time in the early part of our acquaintance, when I did like him, and was disposed to be attached to him. Fortunately it did cease and I have
“Steve,” Tony breathes from his place on the bed, where he reaches out with both hands so Steve is helpless but to fall into them, “you are so beautiful.” And Steve can taste the truth of those words in his throat, is helpless to do anything but punch out a groan when Tony leans forward and kisses at the broken skin with the reverence of someone at altar.
, that is replaced quickly with just confusion when he senses Tony close to him, pain a thick and tangible undercurrent.
“You don’t have to hide the fact you are pleased that the ball is cancelled. No fake disappointment!”
Jarvis entered the room presently, “A Captain. Rogers for you, Mrs. Stark.” And with a swift bow, the object of these bizarre thoughts percolating in Antonia’s brain came presently into the room. Antonia was helpless to do much more than stare, even as she kicked herself internally from doing such an obvious thing.
“What did Mr. Marvel tell you?” Antonia asked, aware she was practically repeating herself but utterly perplexed to how Pepper seemed so bright.
“You can have all the seconds you want. We don’t have to do anything else tonight if you want.” And whilst he feels his erection wilt at that sentence, he knows he means it. He’d give Tony anything, he’d open his rib cage and pull out his heart for him to hold in his hand if he could. He can go without, if it’s too much for his love.
“If you can still think about being cheeky,” Steve says round a laugh, “I’m not doing good enough a job.”
“Fake boyfriends you say? I’ve always loved that trope.” Tony muses, and there’s not much more time before the door opens and Clint arrives like the little gossip monger he is.
“I know.” Steven says, because he probably does. This bond, this mark, this shared soul that lies between them is more than just inked swirls against Tony’s collarbone. It’s an extra breath of air in Tony’s lungs, it’s an extra rush of blood in Tony’s capillaries. “It’s not to be a long tour - I should be back soon. But - write to me?”
“A Captain Rogers to see you Antonia.” Jarvis spoke from the doorway, acting the part of loyal houseservant if only for a moment.
friend would seem appropriate, particularly given your mother’s love for him. Indeed she sees him as a son, I suppose, and I’m sure you see him as a
“I come bearing gifts.” Steve smiles, and Tony grabs the proffered coffee and sandwich with fast hands.
Which apparently, due to you know, being a 6 foot tall wall of muscle (Clint’s words, not his), isn’t all that quiet. Tony’s head jerks up and acknowledges Steve’s presence with a grunt before returning to his holograms.
Tony’s vaguely aware, somewhere in his subconscious, that this is the part he’s supposed to say something, but he’s for once absolutely silent. The words won’t form against his lips, mouth betraying him at the one time he wished it wouldn’t. He’s suddenly overwhelmingly conscious that he stands before the gorgeously put together Steve in a well worn T-shirt, jeans with more holes than is necessary, and hair long past needing a shower. Insecurities, ones he’d long thought he’d put to bed, rear their head with barbed wire laughter and ugly disbelief. Even now with the gorgeous words Steve had just uttered, with the ring still beckoning, it doesn’t compute. He’d known, of course he’d known, that Steve loved him. It was one of those irrefutable truths. The sky is blue. Don’t drink coffee from the communal student lounge. Don’t trust Bucky on days that end with a y. Tony loves Steve. Steve loves Tony. He’d just always assumed that the love Steve felt was enough to be with him and no more. An ugly thought that Steve liked the excuse DADT had granted him, had liked the anonymity of his choice it had afforded him, had even burrowed against skin and taken root.
off of it. Who arched and stretched and watched Steve watch him with a low moan when the shirt slipped off his shoulder and bared his soulmark for them both to see.
“It is true that the Cages are in trade, and of low origin, and I would never dream of accepting an invitation from them.”
“Obadiah Stone speaking.” The voice is friendly, warm, but Tony knows what’s below the surface. Obie is a politician through and through, and Tony knows better than most than you don’t want to arm him with secrets unless you fancy being blackmailed. But it’s this, or it’s Howard. And Maria’s warning still rattles in his chest.
He pulls him up so they are chest to chest, and Steve lets his weight press Tony down into the mattress, watches Tony hitch a breath and blow his eyes wide. They kiss lazily, unhurried and slow, just enjoying being in each other’s orbits for a time, before Steve feels Tony harden again underneath him, feel the kisses become filthy and lecherous.
He’s not really aware of how the small class of students around him are still silent, of how Steve‘s face, at once joyful, has gone more and more solemn as the quiet has stretched. He’s red faced now, flush with embarrassment, moving to pull the ring box closed and back in his pocket.
“Oh my dears, sir, how are you this morning? My dear Miss Stark – I come bearing my thanks. What a beautiful leg of pork – you are too kind.” And without pausing to take breath, she continued to steam on through a sentence that Antonia heard in horror, “Have you heard the news? Mr. Hammer is going to be married.”
The shield is absolutely useless, he can’t let it fly in his signature move because it sticks to the animal’s bloody and broken skin and so instead he’s wielding a lamppost in one hand, swinging it hard enough to break bone and every time it connects the animal screeches so hard it makes Steve wince. He’s tiring though, the post a dead weight in his hand, and the animals aren’t falling as quickly as they’d hoped. The Avengers sluggishly advance, and by the time there is only three left each one of the team are absolutely shattered. Thor and Clint are working together to bring one down whilst Natasha and Hulk make another scream in pain, and Steve and Tony are solid in defense against the last. They work synonymously with each other, their moves mirroring the others without even having to think twice.
Antonia was giddy now, having to rein in her thoughts of how everything was coming together, how romantic this was of rescue paving the way for love! “Oh Pepper! I am not surprised the service he rendered was enough to warm your heart!”
“Elizabeth adores adventure, and I am afraid I am nothing in the face of my wife’s excitement.” Bruce smiled, an entire one that lit his whole face, painting every inch of love on it for the world to see, and Antonia’s chest squeezed with the sight of it. Suddenly she felt herself longing for someone who felt the same way about
"I plan to be under Mr. Carbonell myself." Steve whispers, making Tony choke a broken laugh. The receptionist, a bland looking man who looks slightly like an overstuffed pastry, looks up at the sound and narrows his eyes. Tony thinks at first they'd been caught, feels like a kid with his hand in the cookie jar.
. He’s so tired he can’t see his display through the blurriness of his eyes. A stupid hit gets too close, and normally Tony would have been able to compensate and spin to throw a repulsor blast of his own, but his movements are sluggish. It feels like he’s wading through thick custard and his arms won’t keep up. He can only hear Steve’s yell of
His eyes burn as his brain taunts him with the alternate scenario where he could have been there to take Clint’s weight.
“Well, hop to it soldier.” Tony grins, links his legs around Steve’s waist that makes the angle of Steve inside him shift with a delicious slide.
. Like meeting Anthony Stark was some precious gift. Tony hears the far off noise of the front door slamming, of the dogs barking to signal the masters return. If he listens hard enough, he can hear the trademark Howard Stark thunder as he storms down hallways and tornadoes into empty rooms like a hurricane. He’ll be looking for Tony, soon, if only to have someone to sit in his shadow as he sips scotch and fingers blueprints, to whisper ideas in his ears for him to steal and stamp as his own.
“This gentleman,” Steven interrupts, “Likes to visit a place as and when he pleases, as well as leave it when he wishes without sending for horses a day in advance before he goes forth into the cold air. He likes to be able to do as he pleases, without having to pander or cause issues to those who work for him by asking them to rush their arrival, or departure.”
The words promise something else. They sit around Tony’s shoulders like deep-seated comfort, hold him close as he watches Steve leave with a wave.
However, she had to be satisfied in offering a dinner at Hartfield for the Hammers. She could not afford to be seen to be doing less than others, or she should be exposed to odious suspicions, and imagined capable of pitiful resentment over a man who was all grease. A dinner there must be. After Antonia talked of it for ten minutes, Mrs Stark felt no unwillingness, and only mae the usual stipulation of not sitting at the bottom of the table herself.
“Your jokes sit uncomfortably on you, sir.” Antonia retorted, “And of course I would have. There is always a look of ill-fitting when people come in a way which they know to be beneath them. You are not striving to affect some nonchalance and bravado now, for you fit the bill regardless.
"Well, it's late made reservation for one room and... and..." Liam shuffles the words out on a mumble.
“You will present such a divine countenance in Miss. Stark’s great artistry, Miss. Potts.” He said, tone heavy with compliments, “You must remain ever so still, so that your beauty can be captured perfectly by Miss Stark’s gentle hand.”
.” Stevens voice whines as the sound of soft footfalls accompany it, signalling his departure. There is good natured humour behind it, and this conversation feels well worn, like an old coat, like the jokes Tony and Jarvis might occasionally have if they know Howard is out on business. Tony feels utterly out of his depth, and like he’s committing the biggest trespass to even be listening to a conversation so clearly not meant for him.
“I am very much looking forward to it!” Mr. Hammer spoke so enthusiastic Antonia was near bowled over in alarm, “though being a poor bachelor, I, that is well – I cannot afford a carriage, and it should snow…” Mr. Hammer lets the sentence hang awkwardly between the trio for a moment, and Mr. Banner’s manners skip into the fray, much to Antonia’s annoyance.
Whilst it was a shame to have to set her sights on Mr. Hammer ever again, she was comfortable in the knowledge that Steven wouldn’t let him come near enough to her to say anything more than ‘how do you do’, and that Pepper would heal quick. Mr. Hammer was not a man of substance enough to have her upset for long.
Miss Romanov was, how well she carried herself. Her height was pretty, her figure graceful, not like Antonia’s almost garishly tall features that Steve poked fun at regularly. Her face was a graceful beauty, one that did not slap you in the face but one you would remember and wish to see again. Her hair fiery, a memorable dash of colour against a pale face.
Previous to this day, such a journey would not have been awkward but in fact a pleasure, and they could have spent the mile in the carriage speaking of Virginia. But now, she hated every second. He had drunk too much of Mr. Marvel’s good wine, and proceeded to talk nonsense. She immediately prepared a calm conversation about the weather and about the night; but before she could scarcely speak he interrupted her, seized her hand.
“Do not attempt to sway me from this conversation Maria,” Steven sighed, “I know you far too well. I will not attempt to deny Antonia’s being pretty.”
“Ha!” Steven laughed once, voice sounding pained, then allowed the room to silence. Antonia made no answer here, trying her best to keep her face still, despite the discomfort that crawled across her back. She did not repent for what she’d done, she thought herself a far better judge than Steven on these matters; but yet her habitual respect for his judgement had her vehemently disliking having it so loud against her. To have him just opposite her in an angry state, with her knowing she was the sole cause, sat at a dichotomy in her bones. Some minutes passed in this unpleasant silence, clear that he was thinking. When he at least speaks with evidence of these thoughts, it is far quieter than before.
The confession completely unmanned her, renewing her shame, and the sight of Pepper crying so prettily made her want to hit her head against the nearest hard surface repeatedly.
Mrs. Marvel agreed, but hastened to add, “I will be glad to meet him, but I cannot depend on this meeting taking place. I am very much afraid it will end in nothing but my love’s disappointment. I dare say he has been telling you of how exactly the matter stands.”
It’s not 14 hours later when they land on African soil. Senegal looked vibrant from the air, full of life, but Tony couldn’t think of anything but how Steve is somewhere below, alone and scared. The bond remains quiet, and Tony absently worries at the skin around his nails, doesn’t notice he’s bleeding until Sarah puts a hand over his.
Steven, entangled in the welfare of his own mount, could do no more than tip his hat at her, wish her a safe journey home, and tell her he would meet her at Hartfield, to check they all arrived safely. He said the last with a pointed stare at Mr. Hammer, a thunderous set of his jaw that gave Antonia comfort, at least she could see he was loathe to leave her. He spoke quick to Thomas, her coachmen, who turned and nodded, before sharply kicking his horse on, and the sight of Steven so in command had Antonia a flutter. Thus the door was shut on Mr. Hammer and her, and they were now to have a tete-a-tete drive. How she wished the roles of Steven and Mr. Hammer were reversed! She would have been thankful for his jokes and smiles on a journey such as this. She wrapped herself further into Steven’s cloak.
Tony feels like he’s wading through knee deep water. “I thought.” He starts, swallows, admitting to Steve something he had never even admitted to himself, “I thought perhaps that he’d finally be proud.” The words are broken, like shards of glass churned out his throat. “I had your words in my head, and my work in my hands. And I just, just thought he’d finally see me.”
“Oh Mr. H, who else have we met? We visited the Randalls, though they were rather brash. And who was there but Rogers! Mr. H tells me he’s such a firm friend, I was excited to meet him, to put a face to the name.” She is all words, no manners, no thought. Antonia fixes Mr. Hammer with a look when Mrs. Hammer’s gaze is elsewhere.
“I – I don’t know what I’m doing.” Steve cries out to stop him, words echoing back to a conversation less than sixteen hours before. Tony turns back, smiles slowly at the look Steve soaks him with.
Miss Potts, and Miss Van Dyne, another parlour border at Mrs. May’s, who had also been at the ball, had walked out together, and taken a road. They took the Richmond road, which, though apparently public enough for safety, had led them into alarm with a turn that led them into shade and silence. As they advanced, they came across a copse with a small party of travelers. A child on the watch, came towards them to beg; and Miss Van Dyne, excessively frightened, gave an almighty scream and ran up a steep bank, clearing a hedge at the top and made the best of her way by a shortcut back to Highbury. But Pepper, cramped and fatigued not only from her latent illness but also the effects of her dancing at the ball, could not follow, powerless and exceedingly terrified.
concern you, and there is no need to feel uneasy. But I don’t say it is not a disagreeable business – but things could be much worse.”
“He told me all about it; that Natasha and Clint Barton are to be married, and that they have been privately engaged to one another this whole time. How very odd.”
“I’m going to ask Captain Rogers to teach me Chinese.” Antonia bolts headfirst into the conversation, earning her a stern look from Jarvis who sits to her mother’s right, and an indulgent look from her mother herself. Emboldened, she continues, “Do you think
“I don’t-“ Steven starts, stutters and stops, “As a friend! Friends indeed. I have gone too far now for concealment. So tell me then, must I have no chance of ever succeeding?”
Tony looks round the kitchen with unseeing eyes, rakes through drawers until he eventually stumbles across a pen, and spins back around into Steve’s waiting arms. He writes his college address across Steven’s skin, writes his mobile number there too, the ink dark against the green veins. “I’ll be back at college in three days.” He explains, not having to further suggest the words exchanged between them are safer there. Howard can’t touch them, taint them and own them as he does every other aspect of Tony.
he remembered spitting at him in the moments where he was Captain and Tony was Stark. With the benefit of hindsight, he felt a wave of shame and guilt over those moments in the Helicarrier, especially when it was Tony who made the sacrifice play, and it was Steve who cut the wire, who closed the portal believing that he’d lose the brilliant man to space.
Tony’s breathing, but only just, and Steve knows better than to try shake him awake, unsure of what damage has been done and unwilling to remove him from the suit which might be
“How fortunate we are, that we are gifted with being alone. This makes what I want to say so much easier, for your undivided attention. Miss Stark,” he accompanied this with a sinking of his knee to the centre of the carriage, “make me the happiest man in the world. I adore you! Of course this will not be a surprise. I will die if you refuse me!”
He stepped forward to the room, telling them he had been out of doors to examine, and could answer for there not being the smallest difficulty in their getting home, having gone beyond the sweep and the snow not more than half an inch deep. “Many places, even, hardly enough to whiten the ground.” He told the rapt group. He had seen the coachmen, and they both agreed with him in there being nothing to apprehend. Nevertheless, the alarm had been raised enough that no matter of appeasing it could be sought until their party was safe at home at Highbury. Thus the bell was rung, and the carriages spoke for.
Now, Antonia knew, this had to be perfectly orchestrated, else lose the appeal completely. She dressed Virginia up in some of her finest attire, cinching the waist in where it was slightly too large (and oh, how that wounded her ego some). She curled Virginia’s hair with her iron and made sure it framed just so.
Antonia must submit herself to stand second to Mrs. Hammer, though she had always considered the ball as hers. But Mrs. Hammer was at an advantage, her dance partner Mr. Marvel; and though she had intended to begin with Clint Barton, she could not lose by the change. In spite of this little rub she was still beaming with enjoyment, excited for the hours of festivity that lay before her.
“I cannot satisfy you there, I have yet to see a man more so.” Was Steven’s abrupt answer. And so that is where they left it, this ill-fought truce betwixt them. Steven returned his gaze to young Harriet, and as such Antonia was free now to stare unabashed, bask in his silhouette, and commit the lines of his face to memory as she was used to, and all was right again in Antonia’s world.
“Ah!” a giggle escaped Miss Hill’s lips, whether forced or not, “You are so kind. But then you are always so kind.” The words are a whisper, and Antonia cannot hide her blush, moving forward to clasp a hand of Miss Hill’s.
Pepper’s face was flush now, and this conversation so dreadfully awkward and sinking a knife into Antonia’s breast the further it continued. But she had to continue, she must
“Me neither.” Tony whispers, faces so close now Steve can feel the puff of breath Tony creates with each exhale. It’s warm against his skin, turning his cheeks red, blood tingling near the surface. Steve feels on the edge of something once more, and instead of clinging to safety, he leaps into the unknown and tangles them both in a kiss that was inescapable from the minute he set his eyes on Tony Stark.
“Well I’m glad.” Sarah says, “I hope that you’ll feel comfortable enough to come visit now when you are stateside, and not just end up on Bucky’s couch or in that old apartment. It can’t be good for your back, Stevie. Now go fetch the rest of my stuff in, would you?”
“Now on that I can acquit him. It was a private resolution of hers, not communicated to him. She grew tired of waiting, and once her plans burst on him he came forward at once. Threw himself at the mercy of kindness, put an end to this miserable state of concealment that had been carrying on so long. To the months of misery.”
Supper was announced shortly after, and the move began slowly. She did not gain a chance to corner Steven to utter her thanks, and it wasn’t until after supper began the slow stroll back to the dance hall that Antonia invited him to come to her with her eyes, and when that didn’t work, a glare.
It’s as terrifying as free fall, Steve completely shocked still and Tony almost thinks to run, to curl into himself and beg forgiveness forgetting that some marks are platonic, no matter how all encompassing this may feel. Like tectonic plates shifting against each other, inevitable as an earthquake. But Steve shudders, lowers his hands to curl around Tony’s waist and
“So, Anthony Stark has a soul bond.” Howard never pulls a punch. Tony feels his words like a slap on his skin, drops the glass of champagne to the table with a crash, spilling fizz across the tablecloth, “Even now you defy me, after everything I’ve done for you.”
He feels his release build behind his eyelids, fast and sure, and Steve has enough presence of mind, roleplay be damned, to groan “Tony, I’m gonna – you gotta.” So Tony clenches down as they both fall apart together, groan into each other’s air like a prayer.
Antonia’s voice trembles round a smile as she turns, “You are most welcome, Mr. Hammer as always. I think I only have one introduction to make. My darling friend, Miss Virginia Potts.”
Tony doesn’t think he can really be blamed for crashing into that tower. It wasn’t his fault – it had just sprung out of nowhere. Besides, he’d build them a better one. One with lasers and shit. People love lasers.
in cursive sprawling round his whole bicep. He hides it with tight t-shirts, not risking them riding up because Tony knows Steve watches his face crumple whenever he sees the offending name.
Steven now lived but a mile from Hartfield, visiting often to her mother’s delight; who loved him every part as much as she did Antonia, apparently for his “words of advice and wisdom”. He split his time between his own sprawling estate and London where he visited his friends from his time in the infantry often. Antonia loved her mother dearly, but her inability to relinquish the hold on her was close to stifling at times. She had never travelled beyond Highbury, never visited the world as she so longingly wished to. How she wished, every time they waved Steve off, to just jump into the carriage and ride off with him to London!
Tony arches under his gaze, watches Steve watch him with half-lidded eyes. Steve’s gaze makes him feel
"Yes, Alexander. You are certainly right about that." Tony takes off his glasses, pulls his cap off and nearly rolls his eyes at the theatric gasp of the newly introduced Liam, "now you might not have seen the news but myself and my partner have had an absolute disaster of a day and my house is rubble. Thanks to the charms of overnight contractors it should be in fine shape shortly but instead of making the long drive out to our country house I thought a stay, albeit it in disguise, at my
“I’m sorry.” Steve speaks when he can stop to compose himself, “I was in a bad place, and I should have told you. I can’t believe I didn’t notice-“ Tony cuts him off by lifting the hand that is still attached to Steve’s and presses a kiss to the inside of the man’s wrist. “I’m here.” Steve starts instead, “I’m here, and I’m not going anywhere. Not again.”
“Buck – not just now –“ and Steve doesn’t finish the rest of the sentence before the door is flung wide and a figure he wouldn’t have expected to darken his door stands there before him, panting with wild eyes.
“There! There! See how you force my argument! Men do not like girls who argue.” Antonia crowed, ignoring Steven’s guffaw, “Men like girls like Virginia. Who bewitches his senses with her beauty and satisfies him that he is always right! Were you to ever marry she would be just the woman for you.” Antonia ignores how bitter those words taste on her tongue, “And love? Why should a woman marry for love, when the world can give her so much more than that in one season?”
Antonia called on her the next day to find her doom already signed with regard to Randalls. She was exceptionally feverish, skin alight with heat and sweat, a bad throat causing her to croak every assurance that she’d be better soon. Antonia sat with her as long as she could afford, attempting to raise her spirits by insisting on how much Mr. Hammer would be depressed when he knew her state. Upon leaving, she impressed on her how awful the evening would be, how devastated Mr. Hammer would be on hearing she would not be making the evening, and how much they would all miss her.
It’s not long before the door is swung open, and Tony blearily looks up at Steve’s self proclaimed best friend, viciously aware of how awful a first impression he is giving but unable to summon the energy to change it. The imprint of Howard’s punch is starting to bruise against his cheek, he can feel aching weariness in his bones, his eyes won’t stay fully open.
The pair look so cowed, and Tony can only feel the heat of Steve radiating at his back like a furnace, and sigh. “It’s fine. Well, it’s not fine, it’s a disgrace. Sex workers are people too, and your assumptions make a mockery of this hotel. I would like a copy of the minutes and follow up of revision to company policy, however. And if I find another couple has experienced this behaviour there will be hell to pay.” He fixes them with a trademark Iron Man stern look, and the pair nod like puppets on strings.
“Don’t you dare Cap, I can do this myself.” The archer attempts to pull himself upright, wincing every time he jostles his legs, and Steve watches for a few awkward minutes before he sighs and picks up Clint bridal style.
Tony knows then, that he’ll lay waste to this world before he bares his soulmark to anyone but it’s intended.
“Oh!” Mr. Hammer crows, “but what is this?” he reaches down and plucks the picture from her grasp, and Antonia flushes at the intimacy before them both.
Antonia thought he looked gorgeous like this, and it caused a vicious bite to her tongue, shaping her words to be acidic, “Why couldn’t you come in a coach?”
“Hey,” Tony pants out, hands stretched out above his head and tied down so he uses his head to gesture at the hologram above his head, “Did you know that I am- ah – apparently corrupting you?” Tony’s impressed he can string words together as Steve continues to hit that delicious spot again and again.
“There’s no turning back now.” The words are directed at Jarvis and Happy who are beginning to fold into Maria’s car. Tony feels hope burn his lungs, “If you come with us. There won’t be a job on your return.”
“And you can’t kick yourself whenever a piece of your technology doesn’t pull off.” And Steve finds himself quoting Natasha of all people (and how is that for irony considering she is the quietest of them all), “We cannot be angry for things that cannot be changed, Tony, we can only strive to make them better next time. I can only hope to duck faster.” He tries for a grin to lighten the mood and makes to leave. He imagines Tony is shattered and wants to be left alone.
Steve’s on the back foot now, personal comment throwing him off, and it’s that which makes him quick to rebuttal, “So then how was someone able to breach your supposed amazing systems?” He asks, tone slightly mean, still smarting at the insinuation that his teams work is anything but exemplary.
When they mutually call it, their chests are both heaving from the exertion. Natasha is sporting a wicked bruise across her right eye, and Steve’s missing a chunk of hair from where Natasha grabbed hold and pulled. Natasha grins, teeth bloody and Steve can’t help but bark a laugh at how ridiculous the pair must look.
Long standing regard had brought the Reeds and the Xaviers (though Maria had often admitted she bore the company of the heads of house only for the delight in company of their two children); and by Mr Hammer, a young man living alone without liking it, the privilege of exchanging any evening he found himself idle for the elegancy of Mrs Stark’s drawing room.
The kisses are slow, with no destination, no rush. It’s breathtakingly intimate, stood together with no sound but the water falling around them.
are you playing at?” Despite the voice normalizer, Steve can hear the fury, and he barks out a laugh.
Escape, however, was not his plan. He came to the part of the room where the older women who sat out of the evening’s entertainment were collected, and walked in front of them. Antonia was not yet dancing; the set was slowly working its way up, and therefore she had the leisure to look around. She crept closer still, so that the whole group were exactly behind her, and she would no longer require just her eyes to watch; but Mr. Hammer was so near, she could hear every syllable of dialogue.
Still, with every turn in the dances following she could not help her eyes drifting to Steven’s figure at the side of the hall. There he was, among the standers-by, where he ought not to be. Such a fine figure deserved to be cutting a swathe through the attendees, not classing himself with the husbands and fathers and whist-players. His tall, firm, upright and bright figure, among the bulky forms and stooping shoulders of the elderly men, was as such that Antonia felt must draw everybody’s eyes. There was no one among the whole row of young men in the hall that could be compared with him.
Antonia was giddy with this news, and assented to his proposition of Mr. Clint Barton and Miss Potts making their party perfectly complete.
So wait, let’s rewind. There is a bit more to it than that. Of all the names Steve could have plucked out of thin air for his idiotic rebuttal, there is a reason it happens to be one of the most
Sarah Rogers is diminutive, she barely comes up to his shoulders. Her figure would look frail on another, but she merely glows. She’s spun like golden thread, yet looks wired by steel. It’s like god poured all her love into her frame but stopped before others could get too jealous. Like anymore and those around her would be frightened of the power she wielded. “Anthony it is, then. Could you be so kind, and let me know where I might find Mr Jarvis? He was going to show me where to find everything. But I admit, we are a little early. I didn’t think Steve would be around to help me move.”
The next decision was to the house; they must all go in and eat; and even once seated and busy Clint Barton still did not come. Mrs. Marvel looked, and looked in vain, believing it some attack of his grandmother that prevented him coming. Antonia looked at Pepper to see if disappointment played across her features, but she behaved very well, showing no emotion over the news.
“I’m not ashamed.” Tony’s voice is louder now, echoes round the room. He stares Obie down now, hatred filling his gaze, before he looks toward Howard once more. He notes the spittle against his bottom lip, the rosy red of his cheeks from his Glenfiddich 18, the shakes of his hands. “He is mine. And I am his. You couldn’t possibly hope to understand.” His tone is scathing, scalding. He hears a clatter from far off, knows Steve can’t be far away, is soothed by it.
He’s not sure whose idea it is, but Tony ends up lifted onto one of the kitchen counters, legs moving instinctively to wrap around Steve’s waist, encourage him closer. He feels flayed open, wants to invite Steve in to the darkest parts of his soul, let him stay there forever. He can feel the feedback of his own maelstrom of emotions singing back at him in the most glorious choir song, feels the mark at his collarbone
After a battle where one of them have cut the wire that fraction too close, Steve will find him afterwards, embed himself into Tony with dust covered fingers until they are sweating and shaking. Tony feels flayed open after these encounters, raw with emotion Steve has pounded into him, with the words of adoration Steve has whispered soaking into his neck.
For such an earth-shattering realization, a paradigm shift in Steve’s very soul, the world doesn’t suddenly stop turning. It’s kind of a let-down, considering the upheaval he feels, but he welcomes the reprieve. Tony is a day away from being released from hospital, maybe less considering how ferociously he is terrorizing the nursing staff. All indications point towards him being back to his usual self, and that thought terrifies and excites Steve in equal measure.
Bruce and her made light work of the trip in the second carriage, idle chatter and jests accompanying the drive so much so that before long they were arrived at the vicarage. The carriage turned, the step was let down, and Mr. Hammer, spruce and smiling, was with them instantly. He was all obligation and cheerfulness. So very cheerful, that Antonia began to think he must have received a different account of Virginia that what had reached her.
In this walk the group changed again, Antonia found all the others assembled in groups of no more than three, and she immediately perceived Captain Rogers and Pepper distinct from the rest, quietly leading the way. Captain Rogers and Pepper! An odd tete-a-tete; but she was glad to see it, pleasant conversation between two good friends. She joined them at the wall, and found them more engaged in talking than in looking around.
That is at least until Sam takes a photo, click and flash loud enough to stumble everyone in the cafe out of their thoughts. The man,
“Truly, madly, deeply, baby.” He jokes, reaching for the velvet box with grabby hands, “now give me my ring, I want it.”
“Turnabouts fair play,” Bucky shrugs, and just like that the atmosphere relaxes enough that Steve feels he can breathe again, “want a cup pouring Stark?” He asks, and goes to grab the pitcher of beer that sits in the middle of the table. They’ve obviously gone ahead and already ordered the AVNG special - “a shitload of everything” (Clints words, not anyone else’s, but it stuck)
Sam won't complain forever though, and he will get a better selfie with Tony, a year later, smiling with Steve on one side and Tony on the other in matching suits, with hands wearing matching wedding bands clasped on Sam's shoulders.
Miss Hill stood in what was considered the very worst predicament in the world, despite holding much public favour; she was neither young, handsome, rich, nor married. She had no intellectual superiority to excuse this particular fate, never boasting beauty or cleverness. She was plain in the saddest and ugliest sense of the world, nothing to become her both inside and out. And yet she seemed a happy woman; the simplicity and cheerfulness of her nature insured that very little could be said in negative of her.
Steve looks up, hears footsteps echoing down the hallway, and further compounds the idiocy that is his brain by saying something stupid again.
“Come now ladies, supper is over. Time to start dancing!” Mr Marvel crows from the center of the room to the delight of everyone.
Tony’s fifteen, eleven months, twenty nine days, 23 hours old, and he’s frightened. He’s home for a break after his first year exams, weary and sleep-deprived.
“The estate your friend’s husband owns in Ireland, is quite stunning or so I am told?” Antonia deliberately leans forward and points the question to Miss Romanov.
“What do you mean? Steve?” Tony’s voice is worried, more so when Steve hits the button to open the back hatch of the quinjet and breathes in the cold air with a grin.
It’s a few hours later they close down Shield, and Clint waves them off sleepily beside Phil. Steve bundles a drunk Sam into the back of his car, strapping him in whilst Sam sleepily paws at him with affectionate mumbles.
He drops Tony onto the bed gently, like he’s fine china that could break at the slightest rough movement. Tony may say that Stark’s are made of iron, but Steve knows better. His love is made of stardust and onyx, and he will not treat him like so many others, like it doesn’t matter if they push he’ll only bend not break. Tony is a precious gemstone, like the rare black Opal, and should be treated as such.
The only other time he has seen Steve this broken is when he sat him down to talk him through the wars that have been. Of Afghanistan, of his
Captain. Rogers had spoken prophetically, it seemed, when he once said, “Antonia, you have been no friend to Virginia Potts”. She had done her nothing but disservice – and whilst, unlike the first attempt, she was not the sole and original author of the mischief (for Pepper had acknowledged her admiration and preference of Clint Barton before she had ever given her a hint on the subject), but she felt completely guilty of encouraging what she should of repressed.
“I knew this then, I know it now. You are far too discerning to be in the company of anyone who bores you for long. I would have been shown the door years ago.” Steven smiles through the joke, and Antonia nods, glad for the reprieve, heart fiercely glad he is no longer thinking such sad thoughts that plagued him on the Hill.
This left her often in trouble within the ton. She had been well educated and, with no firm hand of a father, was never told off for speaking her mind within the household. Unfortunately for those around her, this transferred over into society’s gatherings, unable to resist the temptation of showing those up who think themselves better. Despite the Stark’s family money that always opened doors that would prefer to stay shut, her outspoken and erroneous ways left her wanting for most companionship, and her dance card was often left almost blank, not even the hardiest of bachelors wishing to contend with her wicked tongue. Not that this swayed her.
“Hey – HEY GET OFF ME.” Clint starts slapping his chest, and Steve just laughs before depositing him as gently as he can onto the couch.
Steven barks a harsh laugh at this, grating, “No, he is not her equal. He is far her superior.” Antonia laughs in return, “Your infatuation with that girl blinds you. Miss Potts is a natural daughter of nobody knows whom. She is bright, to be sure, but with no experience and little education to lend her. She has no settled provision at all, and certainly no respectable relations. At her age she can have no experience, and whilst her wit protects her it won’t do anything but comfort her if she grows older and alone as gossip shrouds her for rejecting the one man who loved her to abandon!”
A few more minutes to bear, and Antonia hoped to see the blasted most troublesome companion deposited in his own house, to get sober and cool.
“Good afternoon all, Miss Stark, Miss Hill, Miss Romanov.” He nodded his head in a sharp bow, hat in his hands.
It wasn’t long before Miss Hill opened the window to cry out once more, “Captain Rogers!” she called, “oh please come up to see Miss Romanov’s surprise gift! We have a delightful group up here with Miss Stark, Mr Jarvis and Mr Barton! Please grace us in our little room to make it one more.”
When Steve is giving the all clear to go home a week later, the house is subdued. Clint gives him a one-armed hug that lasts a bit too long for it just to be a “welcome back”, Thor has
The nightmares are particularly awful that night, the image of Peggy and Bucky trapped beneath the ice, bodies unmoving and eyes unseeing still burned into Steve’s retinas. Head aching he goes down the gym, assuming he’ll be undisturbed considering the sun hasn’t yet risen.
Antonia’s saved from answering, saved from trying to defend an action, which does indeed seem indefensible, by Jarvis bringing in her messages with a bow and a grin. The arrival of the very invitation she had been ready to spurn.
, but finds he doesn’t care if it means he’s here. “Steve.” He says, voice hoarse from the bitten off screaming, because that’s all he has to say before Steve is there just outside his space. His arms hang out from his sides, awkwardly hanging in the wind and Tony’s breathless from the silent consent they ask. He’s so used to people encroaching and enforcing their own regime on his territory that he doesn’t know what to do with someone who comes waving a flag of peace. Steve waits all the same, the moment stretching out like toffee sat out too long in the summer sun. Tony breathes, lets it rattle around himself and settle, before stepping forward into Steve’s space and accepting the comfort for what it is. He lets Steve’s wingspan enfold him, soft and barely there across his shoulders, and idly thinks about how similar they are to Venn diagrams. Two separate circles intersecting on everything of importance. The soulmark against his collarbone is warm, beats with a pulse of its own, slow and rhythmic in a way that Tony just knows mirrors Steve’s own heartbeat.
Steve looks up with a look that is entirely alien, voice dry (and not in the good way) when he answers, “Nothing really.”
Two days of joyful security were immediately followed by the overthrow of everything. A letter arrived from Mr. Sitwell to urge his grandson’s instant return. Mrs. Sitwell was unwell – far too unwell to do without him; she had been in a very suffering state when writing to her grandson two days before, though she had not mentioned it for pride, but now she was too ill to trifle, and entreat him to set off for her without delay.
Antonia was dumbstruck now, in humble horror at the ruination she herself had spurred on with idle thought and misplaced emotions, “Have you any idea of Captain. Rogers returning your affection?” she asked, voice hoarse.
“Antonia.” Steve bowed his head, and Antonia’s heart skipped at the sight of a golden cowslick at the nape of his neck, “I have a piece of news for you. You like news – and I heard an article in my way that I think will interest you.”
“Is it okay?” Steve is quiet now, his declaration having worn him out. Tony can do little else but grin, his mouth trembling.
“On that Antonia, trust me if my father or mother was still alive, not even Cerberus could keep me away. I would rather answer to family than be my own master.” The words are spoken with feeling, and Antonia wants to pull her own back into her mouth.
“Don’t - my control is - it’s not great right now.” Steve admits, “and I want to know you, want to love you. Don’t want our first time reduced to a quick thing with Bucky in the room next door before I’m called back to war. I want to spend days learning every little thing that makes you tick, want to spend lazy days with you. Want to visit you on campus, and meet Rhodey. I want everything, and I’m willing to wait for it. Can you?”
“Passion? I’ll give you passion –“ Steven steps forward into Antonia’s space, one shaking hand reaching up to frame her face. The moment grows thick, draped in silence as Antonia stares into Steve’s heated eyes. Her limbs feel like jelly and she can do little but wait, biting her lip in anticipation. Steven breaks eye contact to tracks the movement, zeroing in on the now flushed skin.
“You’ve set this up as well as any first rate host! Don’t think I will not remember this for future, dearest Steven. You can not escape from me!”
dearest Captain, please know that our friendship has never been out of pity. Not for me, not even close.” Antonia says it like it’s the only thing she wants him to know. The only thing he needs to hear.
“I’m sorry. I was going to wait and surprise you when you got back to your dorm but I couldn’t wait. Don’t Ask Don’t Tell. It was repealed. And I couldn’t. I couldn’t wait. Tony, you are everything. You accepted being my other half even when half of being that included being hidden from view.” Steve stops a second, swallows, reaches into his pocket, and brings out a small box that Tony zeroes in on with a focus he’s never felt, “You keep me going, when, when I can’t breathe past the sand in my lungs and heat in the air. You are on my mind always, and I want - I want - I want. I want you to be mine, want you to call me yours. I want to shout it, want to hire a plane and put it in skywriting, want to make you happy, want to have a sickeningly domestic life that makes Sam and Bucky sick. I want everything, but only if you come with it. So.” He opens the box, and Tony stares with watering eyes onto a titanium band that gleams against the harsh lighting above, “Tony, will you marry me?”
However now Captain. Rogers, who had certainly taken on an early dislike to Clint Barton, was only growing to dislike him more. He began to suspect him of some double dealing in his pursuit of Antonia. That Antonia appeared his object appeared indisputable. She was the most elegant, intelligent, and well-made of the women of Highbury. Indeed it was a small mercy that sights of the gentlemen of Highbury had not been placed on her sooner, at least for Steven’s sanity. Everything declared that Antonia was his aim; his own attentions, his father’s hints, his mother’s guarded silence. There was no mistaking it, everything in unison of telling the same story.
him impossibly closer like he wants Tony under his skin. The kiss shifts, makes Tony’s knees weak. The lust between them is fed back and forward and amplified. Tony is insinuating a leg between Steve’s that rips a groan from Steve’s mouth, Steve is tugging at Tony’s hair to gain better access at Tony’s neck, mouthing the skin there in a way that has Tony’s eyes rolling back into his skull.
Antonia had not another word to oppose. They walked together in silence to the boundaries of the estate, keeping away from the group, and she left with a thankful and grateful parting look, leaving her with the words, “Thank you Antonia, the comfort of being alone sometimes is all that is needed.”
Steve listens to the group chatter away silently, sitting side by side with Tony and keenly aware that the man is watching his every move with a look of concern on his face. Every so often their shoulders bump as one or the other reaches for another helping of nachos. Steve would be lying if he said he didn’t subconsciously lean into the touch. Clint makes it his personal mission to smear Natasha’s nose with sour cream, an endeavour which only gains him a growl and a face full of guacamole a second later. Bruce is sat chatting to Thor trying to explain how microwaves (“Midgardian sorcery!”) work, and every so often Tony chimes in asking for Asgard ale in return for their knowledge.
They were a family of the name Rhodes, whom Antonia knew the father as a particularly good character, as renting a large farm of Captain Rogers and residing in the parish of Donwell. She knew Captain Rogers thought highly of the son, an intelligent man he had always said had time for a passionate debate and knew himself well. But they could not possibly be polished enough for Pepper. She would improve her, detach her from her bad acquaintances and introduce her into good society and form her opinions and manners. It would be an interesting, and certainly very kind undertaking.
However, it is Steve who pushes Natasha out the way and gets thrown into a wall in her place. The bricks shake and what was probably an already weak structure trembles and falls, crushing Steve under it. Steve has a moment to laugh, the sound echoing and relaying around the comm before going silent.
He agreed to it, with a quiet and firm ‘yes’ that was soft yet felt immovable as the stones in the walls around them.
“So that means you’ll meddle later,” Steve (correctly) infers, “Nat?” He asks as she walks away, drinks in hand, “Nat?”
“No I don’t want to fucking come inside.” He hisses, “I want to understand if I’ve totally missed a trick here, and the connection I felt was all one-way traffic. I want to know if your party trick is making people fall apart in the face of the sheer inherit
Human nature is so well disposed to those who are in interesting situations, that a young person, who either marries or dies, is sure of being kindly spoken of.
“Can you catch people in that suit of yours?” he asks, although he already knows the answer. He saw the news, saw Tony manage the impossible and save thirteen people from a falling aircraft without even blinking an eye. He’s filled with a wave of contrition and guilt at ever thinking this man anything but the first to lay on the wire and he’s so far beyond Steve that it isn’t even funny. It’s like Steve’s running up the stairs whilst Tony is in a high speed elevator to the top.
“I need to show you something.” Steve continues when it is clear Tony is going to stay mute. He strides past Tony into the apartment, spots the phone broken on the counter and his jaw locks.
Much later, when hours have dripped by in a steady stream Tony feels Steve returning to consciousness far before his eyes flutter open. He feels the gentle stirring of the bond shift and shimmer between them, feels Steve come round with a brief flash of
Virginia marry James Rhodes, it is impossible; she has refused him, and so decidedly, I think, that will prevent any second application. I won’t pretend I did not influence her a little, but I assure you she doubted the match more than I had any sway in. I can imagine that before she had seen anyone superior, she might have tolerated him. But having been accustomed to my office now the case is far altered, and she knows what gentlemen are now. Nothing but a gentleman with education and manners has any chance with Virginia.”
Mr. Hammer looked suitably alarmed, though before long he enquired after their attendance at Randall’s, “I assume you will be in attendance tomorrow?”
and Miss Romanov.” Antonia retorts, and Steven wishes to believe a little jealousy colours her tone.
“Miss Romanov!” Antonia cries, “I’m so pleased to see you. May I introduce my friend, Virginia Potts.” Pepper makes short work of a curtsy, Natasha nodding and offering a semblance of a smile, and they all take their places in the small room, giving Antonia’s mind time to work.
(Because Antonia had been right in her observation that Maria was not of want of attending a marriage, but she was hopeful to still see one before she was
“Yeah yeah, Nat would just be jealous that you were trying to seduce me by showing off your strength.” Clint joked, and Steve spluttered.
When he finally slips back into the room, Tony’s chest rises and falls with the ease of someone fallen into deep sleep. Steve stares down, gut twisting. He can’t read too much into this, he can’t. Last time he fell like this lead to destruction, to a mortar shell set alight in his chest.
“It is fucking perfect.” Tony can barely speak through tears, and he folds himself into Steve’s arms like he has never left.
Tony is nine when he runs away for the first time. He packs himself a rucksack mainly full of Red Vines and Asimov, swings it onto his small shoulders before nearly falling backward with the weight of it. He pulls it firmer onto his back, ignoring the smarting of his arm. If he looks hard, he can see the imprint of Howard’s fingers round his wrist like a brand, sees the indentation of Howard’s club ring.
Because now he knows what these feeling are, feelings he thought were numb, buried in the ice and held hostage by grief, he’s not sure he knows how to contain them. He’s woefully out of practice, poorly prepared for his libido kicking to life with a roar, ripping through his gut when he sees Tony yawn upon stepping into the communal floor after his release. The movement stretches his shirt, causing the fabric to ride up and slip a sliver of tantalizing skin that sends him into near cardiac arrest.
“Me neither.” He repeats, and Steve is powerless, like he was, he is, and always will be, in the face of Tony’s gravity. He stumbles toward him like a man starved, frames his face in his hands. They smile at each other, huffing a laugh into each other’s space. Even now, Steve can’t believe he gets this. That he gets to have
“This is stupidity! Where is our security! Someone throw this scum out!” And it takes a moment for it to register that Howard means Steve, not Tony. Happy’s there, and Tony doesn’t let it sting him when he rests a hand on Steve’s shoulder, tugs him towards the door.
Steven laughed, a warm sound that floated across Antonia like a balm, “Oh Antonia, I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Certainly. This moment, if you please. It is impossible to refuse when you ask in such a way. But what is the matter? Is she really not ill?” They left, and set a pace quick for Randalls.
Antonia shook off these words now, convinced of the match. Mr. Hammer, whilst quite the gentlemen himself with no low connections to be worried of, was at the same time not of any family that could object to the doubtful birth of Pepper. He had a comfortable home for her, and Antonia imagined a wonderfully significant income that would keep Pepper well in the years to come. He seemed good humoured, well-meaning and respectable as a young man could be.
Without thinking he reaches out, grabs hold of her hand with small, grubby fingers. Her mouth flutters round a smile like she’s forgotten what it feels like, before holding tight enough to break bone.
Steve’s probably the closest to Natasha, if only because they often cross paths on the way to and from the practice room. Steve hides his bloody knuckles from her and she hides the scores of knife wounds lacing her skin from when she’s gotten too close to a flying blade. He’s not sure if the fact his first real friendship is based on pretense is a good thing, but he’ll take it anyway.
“I have no idea what you could possibly mean, mother.” Antonia replies, the picture of serenity. It is difficult for her to hold for long, and a smile trembles at the corner of her mouth. Though she had not been aware of Steven’s visit this morning, she’s thankful for it. A picture glances across her vision of Steve, windswept and wonderful, and her cheeks fill with red blood in response. She surreptitiously sits on her hands to stop them rushing to calm her heated face.
should go. But... I look forward to your letters, Anthony.” And the name that sounds like a curse from his fathers lips sounds like a prayer from Steven’s, as he takes Tony’s hand and presses a kiss to the inside of his wrist. It’s a dry, chapped, chaste and quick thing, yet Tony has to stifle a gasp like some old Victorian madam. Powerless to do anything but nod like a marionette doll, he goes to leave the room, taking one last look back to commit his mark to memory, before taking the stairs two at a time.
“Hi Maria.” He says, because she, like Howard, has not only been deemed unworthy of the namesake of mother, but probably wouldn’t know what to do with such a title if she was granted it. She’s beautiful in a way full of melancholy and heartache, in a way that’s fragile and soft. Only her age betrays her, the slow and violent ravaging of time.
They go to separate colleges. Tony accepts an early entrance into MIT, and pretends that Steve didn’t choose Boston College out of his numerous offers to simply be close to Tony.
“We shall likely never agree about him, and thus add him to the long list of things we don’t agree on. It is nothing extraordinary. I do not believe him to believe a weak young man. Mr. Marvel would not be blind to folly, even in his own son. A yielding and mild disposition may not suit your notions of a man’s perfection, but it suits a great deal other’s.”
“It is very unfair to judge of any body’s conduct,” Steve snorts in response to this, but Antonia merely raises her eyebrows and barrels on, “without intimate knowledge of their situation. If you have not been in the interior of a family, how can you comment or say what difficulties of any individual of that family may be. We cannot be aware of his aunt and uncle, whether they have a particular temper or anger toward him showing any favour to his father.”
And well shit isn’t this a turn for the books. Why did his fake boyfriend have to be so unbelievably
“You think I’m handsome then?” Naturally Tony is wonderful, he moves past the thinly veiled self-attack for what it is, and focuses on the part of the sentence he blurted out in too brutal honesty. Steve looks at the other man in the mirror, and the air in the car suddenly becomes thick with the unspoken kiss they shared yesterday.
He’s nearly asleep with his eyes closed when he feels a huff of breath against his forehead, a chaste kiss pressed there, and then it’s gone. He can’t feel the warmth of Steve anymore, “Sssteve-“ he mumbles, eyes flying open, panicked. “where you goin’?”
Upon arrival, he found a parking space in the garage with his shield’s symbol painted in the middle already there for him, and he hasn’t been able to pause for breath and take the bike out for a spin since.
Pepper, for her grace, bore the admittance so very well. She refused to blame Antonia, and dismissed any moment Antonia tried to admit her shame.
Now, little known to Antonia, at this very moment a conversation was being held on exactly how troubling Antonia’s new project was. For whilst Antonia believed her machinations very welcome, to others they were viewed with a less rose-tinted eye.
Steve packs a bag that evening, clothes folded and filed into his rucksack with a military precision that was drilled into him all those years ago. He avoids the rest of the group, embarrassed at how his actions must have been so loud for the rest of them to be worried. He’s not angry at them, he can’t be, and it is the team’s duty to look out for each other. He’s just disappointed in himself, frustrated he couldn’t be a strong enough leader.
Her mother had always quite enjoyed the lack of thought on the matter of marriage. She knew she was farther from approving matrimony than most parents of eligible rich young women could claim to be, and happy for this circumstance (
The words soak into Tony’s skin, turn over like an engine before roaring to life. It takes less than a half step, a hand curled around Steve’s head, Steve’s eyes widening, for Tony to press his lips to his mark’s.
“Are you okay?” He asks, takes Tony’s face in his hands, presses a kiss to his forehead. For a blessed moment it’s just them, Tony can close his eyes and pretend the impending doom isn’t forthcoming.
Antonia smiles and exchanges a glance with her mother, “Captain Rogers, it does not become you to be sarcastic,” bounces up on her heels, bounds to sit beside Steven, shoulders brushing in a way that sends an odd shot of heat up Antonia’s arm, “I do take pleasure in Clint Barton’s company, as anyone but the sourest of personalities would. But today he is out of town for the morning.”
He’s not sure what else to say really. Unlike some, he’s never been good with words. He’s not the one to make a fancy speech and win over the crowds (his bond sales don’t count). But he’s been in Tony’s position and
“Just studying.” He says, not caring to elucidate further, letting the awkward air settle around them like a cloak, “grabbing a snack.”
The evening of this day was very long, and melancholy, at Hartfield. The weather added what it could of gloom. A cold stormy rain set in, nothing of July appearing across the brow of the hill, and the wind whistled through the trees and shrubs in the gardens with abandon.
He watches the woman who gave birth to him spot him looking, and for a moment her eyes become so unbearably fond and broken he has to look away and let the silence speak for him.
“You look absolutely gorgeous, are you sure we can’t stop for a quickie?” he says with a leer and grins when he gets the desired result in a throaty laugh from the super soldier.
“I won’t.” He says. He hears Maria gasp in the background, and he’d spare a moment to roll his eyes against the drama of it all but all he can feel is Steve rolling in like thunder, can taste his panic like ash in his mouth.
“Oh do let me. Captain. Rogers, will you help me?” she asked Steven, freshly fatigued after losing a round to Mrs. Stark’s find of ‘indulgence’. The word was
Steve tunes out the white noise of Sam jostling around for his phone, instead taking in the man Sam pointed out. He's good looking, in a cultured and groomed kind of way. Steve's tastes normally run a bit more... rugged, but there is something the leashed ability, the elegance of the man. The Van Dyke he sports would look ridiculous on anyone else, but he pulls it off with an effortless ability. His body, or what Steve can see of it, looks lithe and muscular, all angles Steve aches to stretch and sketch out. His salt-and-pepper hair only serves to make him look distinguished, aged like a fine wine that has been meticulously maintained.
tiny bit of possessiveness when they get an invite out to an Avengers fundraiser. They have to go, of course they do, but there is a dirty bit of Tony, a bit he doesn’t let out into the light, that wants to chain Steve to his bed and never let him leave. He’s lucky that up until this point aside their initial meeting he has managed to avoid having to attend any public events if only through
"I can only apologise for the assumption." Alexander rushes out, sweat dripping down his face now, distinctly aware his job may well be forfeit.
He can still taste the stench of Howard’s alcohol breath, warm against his face. Still feel the spittle that hangs off his lips, that’s spat against his chin. He can feel the imprint of Howard’s old club ring against his cheek. There’s an image of Maria risen, a rolling gasp rattling her lungs. An image of Obie slapping a hand against Tony’s shoulder, moving to joke and jest and move Howard away from violence in the only way he knows how. Talk of Tony’s future value, his golden goose status. Howard understands numbers and money well enough to quiet down, and Tony masks the flinch at his knuckles curling once into a fist before letting go.
“Antonia, is that you?” Maria Stark calls from the room, and with a weary sigh Antonia turns once more and steps in. Steven stands up as she does so, ever the gentleman even now, looking as if meaning to go but not going. He looks on her, and they lock eyes once before Antonia’s gaze scrambles away.
Nat in his vision across the room, down and bleeding. He can smell death in the air, and fire in his lungs.
The bitterness clogged Antonia’s throat so she nearly choked on it, “Pepper I will only venture to declare that Captain Rogers is the last man in the world who would intentionally give any woman the idea of his feeling for her more than he already does.”
They fall into step together, Antonia all too eager to continue, “Well if she is to leave the Coulson’s she will have to look for a position as a governess!”
The next hours are spent in a frenzy of math and exploration that makes him dizzy in the best possible way. Bruce is over his shoulder for some of it, spurring him on. Reed interjects every so often, but his involvement normally causes Tony to throw a spanner in his general direction. The hours bleed into one another, the morning dripping into the afternoon with the slow and steady tick of time.
Miss Hill, deceived initially by the mock ceremony of her manner, did not immediately catch the meaning, but when it caught on her, a slight blushed showed across her skin. Antonia and Clint continued to laugh to themselves, unaware or uncaring that the air had turned with malice and ill intention.
The end result was overwhelmingly pleasing, or at least definitely gained the right attention from Mr. Hammer when he arrived.
Tony grins slowly, it feeling out of place on his features after the day he’s had, but he welcomes its return all the same, “You know Bucky, I can feel this is going to be the start of a beautiful friendship.”
of us is such a fanciful and troublesome creature! I am sure you would not hold your tongue so well if my mother was not here.”
When they are brought to Steve, the first thought Tony has is how small he looks, swallowed up by swathes of bandages and pillows and a bed large enough for both of them. Steve never looks small, he looks larger than life, is all broad shoulders and thickly corded muscle. The bed and endless monitors around Steve makes a mockery of him, makes him look less than the centre of Tony’s world.
This birthday tastes different though, and he fidgets on his feet as Sarah smiles wide and assesses him before she leaves for another night shift. He feels excitement bubble in the back of his throat, feels nerves dance across his skin.
“You’ve arrived.” Steve says, pulling in to the front of Stark Tower. He sets his hazard lights on deliberately, trying to desperately convince himself his visit is temporary.
Later, he thinks of the peace that comes with the choices that fully feel his own. The stillness of his mind as he reaches for Tony in the eaves of Stark Mansion and tells him his name. The quiet that envelops him as he makes room between Tony’s thighs to kiss down his lover’s legs, the only sounds Tony’s little gasps and sighs. There is such calmness in him when his choices are his own, when he is utterly selfish looking down on his soulmark and letting his blood sing
It was almost laughable, if not for the sorry circumstance, that Mrs Coulson, a woman who had been disliked for twenty-five years, was now spoken of with compassionate allowances. The event acquitted her of all the precociousness, and selfishness, that had been placed upon her in life.
It’s an arresting sight, Tony’s eyes blown wide with shock and desire, irises almost black. “Jesus” he whispers, and the word sound like a confession. He guides him gently at first, Steve taking to it like a duck to water and it isn’t long before he’s fucking his mouth with abandon. And when Steve reaches down to relieve the pressure on his own cock with a swipe. Tony swears and moves his hands faster. He lubes his hand up, and when he finally slips a finger into Tony’s dark heat the man curses and pulls Steve off his cock with a tug just this side of painful.
When they had first started dating, Tony had been worried about dirtying up Steve Rogers, about tainting him by association. He’d also, in a corner of his brain he’d never admit to, been saying a short goodbye to debauchery and decadence in the bedroom, assuming he’d never see anything more than the missionary position ever again. He’d laugh, now, to look back at how assumptions had made an ass of himself. Steve is filthy, free with it in the way only someone completely and utterly secure in not only his own sexuality, but his partners love and understanding, could be. They have a phenomenal sex life only hampered occasionally by Tony’s virility (because come on, he was a man closer to 50 than 40). But even then the heat they shared during those times had a certain sweet and simmering fire unique to them that Tony had come to love in its own way. Tony had done a lot of things in his life, but there was nothing like being with someone who loved you in a space safe enough for anything.
‘To fall in with each other on an errand as this,’ Thought Antonia, ‘this will bring a great increase of love on each side, perhaps even a declaration. God’s – what I wish to not be here and allow the flames of love to kindle and grow.’
Well, he says no one, but from the way Natasha often eyeballs his hands and watches his face, he has a feeling she knows. After all, she does know everything.
“I don’t know.” Steve answers, “Can you be good for me in this one?” And he’s not prepared for the way Tony’s eyes go dark, the way he gasps soft and low, the way he feels the echo of Tony’s lust twist against his sternum.
Antonia agreed, “But five couples are not enough. Not to make it worthwhile to stand up. It will not do to invite only five couples. We need more.”
“Mr. Hammer’s manners are not perfect,” Antonia acknowledges, “But when there is a wish to please, one ought to overlook, and one does overlook a great deal. There is such a perfect good temper and good will in Mr. Hammer as one cannot but value.”
Steven’s face was stormy, yet when his eyes turned to her his entire demeanor softened, blurred at the edges, “Time, my dearest Antonia. Time will heal the wound.” He reached forward and curled a hand around her arm, pressed against his heart, speaking low, broken and subdued, “Abominable scoundrel! Such brazen conduct I have not seen. He will soon be gone. They will soon be in Yorkshire. I am sorry for
“I will take my leave.” He says, abruptly, and rises with a crisp bow before walking off. Antonia can do little but watch his figure depart, fighting with herself not to raise fingers to her lips and wonder what on earth had just happened, and wonder why it felt like a loss.
“Nonsense will do.” Clint Barton muttered, “they will be made to talk.” Louder now, “Ladies and gentlemen, I am ordered by Miss Stark, to say, that she desires to know what you are all thinking of.”
“And my idea,” said Captain. Rogers, “is that if he turns out anything like that, he will be insufferable. A practiced politician – a jack of all trades – who reads everyone’s character and knows enough to skim the surface but not enough to care or encourage. To display his own superiority in knowing everything and dispense shallow flatteries! My dear Antonia, I know you far too well to even try to endure such a person.”
So, long segue into the boring aside, it’s not totally outlandish to understand why Stark’s name was the first across his lips. It’s more that Steve’s never met the man. Not yet. The team don’t know this information, and Steve’s hoping to keep it from them forever. Never mind that two of his team are former
“I’ve been thinking about getting in touch with Reed, seeing if he can give us some information about adapting the synthetic fibres within the Four’s suits.” Tony goes for nonchalance – as if Steve’s well-being isn’t something he is invested in all that much, but Steve knows Tony well, and Steve would bet his shield on the fact the genius has already emailed Dr Richards about the very same thing. Waving off everyone else, Steve limped up to his room and collapsed onto his sofa.
Tony looks up at him with heavy-lidded glittering eyes, “I’m angry with you over how much I love you.”
"Fuck!" Sam curses from beside him, and throws the phone at Steve in a flurry of panicked movement before bolting for the front door at a speed so fast Steve was sure he must have had wings.
“Hmm? Oh, Tony, I’m sorry, I meant to only stay until you fell asleep then grab a sofa cushion to sleep on.” Steve flushes a gorgeous wine colour, Tony watching with a fascination as it spills across his cheeks.
“I don’t know what I want to ask first.” Steven confesses, “I find I want to know everything about you. What did you think when you first got your soulmark. Who is your best friend. What’s your favourite hobby. Your favourite sports team. What do you -“ Tony stops his train of thought with a finger against Steven’s lips. They part on a sigh, an exhale of breath that flutters against Tony’s hand and makes him shiver.
Elizabeth Banner was a pretty, elegant little woman of gentle and quiet manners, that also hid a layer of steel beneath. When first courting, Antonia had worried incessantly that Bruce’s ill-humour would swallow her whole, but upon watching the two interact, she realized she was worrying over nothing. Mr. Banner was nothing but utterly respectful, so irrevocably in love he was. Captain. Rogers used to joke that Elizabeth could have told Bruce the sky was green and he’d have nodded and agreed for all the world to see. And not only did she reveal his adoration, but also his capacity to learn. They truly were ideally suited, and each complimented the other so perfectly it was enough to make Antonia heartsick.
Antonia attempted to smile but it felt more like a grimace, she couldn’t tell which offended her more. Mrs. Hammer talking of Donwell like it was hers, or calling Highbury
Steve grew louder, angrier with every word and it was all Antonia could do not to run backward and shove them all back in her mouth. “Oh I
Steve takes Tony up to his room, and makes to leave when Tony grabs his shirt. “Wait,” the man blurts out, and Steve freezes. Tony seems to struggle for a minute to find the words, “Clint’s injuries. They’re my fault.” He says sadly, and Steve starts to shake his head, “No! No really, it’s my fault. I designed that arrow. I mapped out the probability of failure. It’s my fault he-“his voice broke, and Steve’s heart nearly does the same in sympathy, “My work does
“I am so glad you told Mrs. Hammer you would not need her help - she really is insufferable!” Antonia began, smiling as she stoked the fire into full warmth, “And your talk of
They found themselves quickly being faced with the house the Hills lodged, Antonia recollected his intended visit the day before, and asked him if he paid it.
Antonia had hardly expected them, but she was wanting to see him again, and especially see him in presence of her mother, upon his behavior to whom her opinion of him was to depend. If he was deficient there, nothing should make amends for it. But on seeing them together, she became perfectly satisfied. He had a soothing and charming demeanor, one that basked in all those around him, including her mother, who was always a hard one to please.
She asks him with eyes wide, cautious, and the moment is dashed. Steven clears his throat, stands up, pats himself down, wills his heart not to break so very loudly in this quiet room.
“We will have my strawberry party now then,” replied Captain Rogers, perhaps a touch jokingly, “That may be done without horses. Come, and view the bushels, they are ripening fast.”
Some time later, Mr. Barton made his excuses to circle the room, and Antonia acquiesced, well aware of how much of his time she had already marked as her own. His chair was not empty long before it was taken by Mrs. Marvel.
They hurried on, and were speedily at Randalls, “Well my dear,” said he, as they entered the room, “I have brought her, and I shall leave you together.”
“Don’t think I gave you much choice. ‘Yes hello handsome stranger, I know I’m supposed to be working for you but here have a panic attack off a war vet and a grilling from a group of reprobates’” Steve jokes, cause he can do black humour. He lives in black humour, Sam calls it a vaguely healthy coping mechanism they all adopt like a second skin. Here, have my problems and my PTSD wrapped up in a joke slightly bitter so you can’t do anything but laugh and keep your misdirected pity away from your eyes.
A laugh from Natasha, loud and bright, rings out somewhere behind them. Bucky claps once, the metallic sound clear and pure.
“You were just going to end up in a bizarre one-upmanship between you and Miss Hill. I don’t think your mother needs to watch that.” Steven jibed, “Besides, Bruce is here from London and looking for you.”
in affection to Captain Rogers made her feel quite ill. It was a different kind of family she wished to be to him now, she was sure of it. But she could not flatter herself with any idea of blindness in his attachment to her; he spoke directly and strongly to her on how her behavior towards Miss Hill shocked him. He challenged her immediately on her separation of Mr. Rhodes and Miss Potts. No, he certainly was not blinded by love when it came to standing up to her clumsy behavior.
Antonia’s very good opinion of Clint Barton was shaken a little the following day, by hearing he was gone off to London, merely to have his hair cut. A sudden freak seemed to have seized him with no more important a view than that to have his hair cut. Certainly, there was no harm to be had in travelling sixteen miles twice over on such an errand; but there was such an air of nonsense in it which she could not approve.
to refuse him. Although, of course I do not want to influence you. But understand that. In doing so, if you were to accept this proposal you doubt so clearly, I would lose you forever as a friend. For I could never visit a Mrs. James Rhodes of Abbey Mill Farm for fear of ridicule and being outcast by high society. No, no if you don’t accept we can remain firm friends forever.”
“You are nearly pacing a hole in the floor my friend.” Thor’s voice, for once, is quiet as he comes to stand beside Steve. They are in the medical bay of S.H.I.E.L.D’s base, and it’s been two hours since Steve let go of Tony’s shoulder, surprised to note he’d left finger grooves in the metal. He turns to Thor, and he’s shocked by how tired the man looks. Thor has always seemed infallible, unstoppable, but the man in front of him looks shattered and broken. His hair hangs limp and greasy round his shoulders and his eyes are sunken, a nasty looking scratch across his face only just now beginning to stitch itself back together.
It seemed all too quick before the song came to an end, and Antonia looked up to Steven for the first time and became ensnared in his heated gaze. His eyes were nearly cobalt now, dark and stormy. He gazed on her with a look so turbulent she felt rudderless. He looked as though he was about to speak, his mouth opening before clicking shut again.
“You speak of Mr. Barton and Miss Romanov?” A flutter of pleasure at such tender consideration coiled in her skin, sending a rush of heat up the arm held in his own.
“I should probably get back.” Steve suddenly says, Tony mid-sentence. He flushes at how rude that was, the image of Sarah Rogers slapping him upside the head with a hissed “
He loves every part of Steve, he knows he does. That includes soldier Steve. He knows the reasons, the pair having flayed themselves bare to one another. Steve is a kid who had always pushed himself, thought he wasn’t going to live for long so was hell-bent on going out with a flash and bang. He hasn’t lost that side of him, the knowledge that a little pain is a good enough trade for making a difference. He is so inherently good, and he think that is why this cynical and paranoid America that has been created in the aftermath of Vietnam, of 9/11 and Iraq, just
“Oh I see! God’s business. God’s business who he only just regards higher than the ladies Stark. How very civil. Civil indeed.”
“If your inclination for dancing has not been frightened away, by the terror of too small a room, I bring a new proposal on the subject. May I hope for the honour of your hand for the first two dances of this little projected ball, to be given, not here, but at the Crown Inn?”
Rogers indeed! I have known him all my life and I don’t address him to others with that kind of familiarity!” she was unaware of Pepper’s indulgent smile as she kept on in this vein.
Steve’s grin turns filthy and sharp, and he takes Tony’s hand still trapped in his, and pulls it above Tony’s head. He gestures for Tony’s other hand, which shortly follows, and it’s no time at all before Steve has both of Tony’s wrists caught in one hand (because Tony didn’t have a size kink before Steve, but it turned out being made to feel small and fragile whilst being pounded into oblivion made that move along pretty quick).
Such an adventure as this – a fine young man and a lovely young woman thrown together in such a way, could hardly fail of suggesting certain ideas to the coldest heart and the steadiest of brain. So Antonia thought, at least. Could the most indifferent dare to witness their appearance together, hearing the history of it, without feeling that circumstances had been at work to make them peculiarly interesting to each other? Her imagination as it was, she was on fire with speculation and foresight and anticipation.
It is of course Steve’s luck that when things are just beginning to look up something destroys the fragile hope that had begun to bloom in Steve’s chest.
“You will do as I say.” Howard roars, but Tony couldn’t care less. He turns towards the door just in time for it to open, to swing wide. Steve’s shoulders block out the light from the hall, heaving with exertion, eyes wild. Tony steps toward him on autopilot, moves into his orbit without a second thought, tracks the scarring on his neck, the shadow of a bruise on his cheek. Walking wounded, they are all just walking wounded. Steve doesn’t look toward anyone else, gaze only for Tony.
Such feelings rapidly restored Mr. Marvel’s comfort, while Mrs. Marvel was more quiet in her appraisal. She could only see how her husband suffered so when his charge wasn’t near, and how she bore the suffering of him on herself.
accusations that I felt ill-equipped to do anything with than threaten him with my house, and yours, coincidentally. Oh what have I done.” And with that she deflated, would have sunk to the floor had Steven not caught her and wrapped her in his arms.
“My dear, I do apologise.” Maria intoned gravely, only the quirk of her mouth betraying her, “I am afraid I am sometimes so very fanciful and troublesome.”
She was just as determined when tomorrow came, and went early, that nothing might prevent her visit. It was not unlikely, she thought to herself, that she might see Captain Rogers on her way, and if she altered her route to Highbury in order to try get a glimpse of those broad shoulders, it was between her and the gifts she carried for Miss Hill. However, whilst her eyes did not leave Donwell’s long shadow, she did not see him once. She tried not to let the disappointment eat at her.
“I won’t dance in a small space and risk my dancing looking poor!” Antonia joked, “then I will certainly be no better than Miss Romanov.”
“Whatever scheme you’ve got going on, I think you might pull it off better than you think. Me meddling right now will just cause friction.” Nat replies as though it’s obvious.
The awkward moment lingers and festers a moment, before Steve reaches forward for the iced water pitcher instead, pours him and Tony a glass, and pushes one towards the smaller man. He looks up at Steve, lips pursed in gratitude, and takes it with a murmur of thanks.
. Injured means not dead. Injured is fixable. And Anthony Stark is a fixer by trade, taking broken bolts and pulling them together. He has to believe he can fix this, because mercy have forgiveness on his soul if he can't.
is here and you left me in a room with Miss Hill? I think you have a sadistic streak Captain.” She is all set to continue when he hears laughter from outside.
Steve’s vaulting over rubble and debris without even thinking twice, shouting and swearing down the comm for medical. He doesn’t even care if the other monsters have submitted, doesn’t have anything else in his sight but the dust falling in front of him and his heart sings
“She is so very adept at French, did you know? She speaks it as well as any native. French is such a romantic language, I have no doubt she will find a partner. Only someone as accomplished as herself of course. But in the Colonel’s circle there are bound to be many up to the challenge.”
Now that she was threatened with its loss, Antonia had not realized how much of her happiness depended on her being
Steve pauses on his way to the practice room when he hears a frustrated yell from down the hall. He walks up to the door the noise came from quietly, and knocks. When he gets no response, he wanders in to find Clint struggling to get from his wheelchair to the sofa. He darts over to help, but the movement is arrested when Clint growls.
Clint nods, waves a jaunty three fingered salute, and makes to leave when Steve is shook out of his daydream of how gorgeous Tony would look against his sheets. “Wait, Clint, weren’t you bringing me extra files?”
Anxious to separate herself from them as soon as she could, she soon sought possession of a narrow footpath, raised on one side of the lane, leaving them to the main road. But she had not been there two minutes in quiet contemplation to herself before she found Virginia attempting to follow her, questioning look upon her brow, and that in short they would both be soon after her. As such, she quickly dropped to the ground, feigning an alteration in her boot was required, begging them to have the goodness to walk on, promising she’d follow in good time.
She opened the parlour door, and saw two gentlemen sat before her mother – Mr. Marvel and his son. They had been arrived only a few minutes, and Mr. Marvel had scarcely finished his explanation of Clint’s being a day before his time, and her mother was yet in the midst of his very civil welcome and congratulations, when she appeared, to have her share of surprise, introduction and pleasure.
To dislike a young man, simply for being of a different disposition from himself, was unlike the liberal and intelligent mind she was always used to from him. His high opinion was one she valued overmuch because he never put stock into anything incorrect, but now she was not so sure. She had never believed for a moment it could make him unjust to the merit of another.
A reasonable visit was paid, Mr. Marvel began to move – “he must be going. He had business at the Crown about his hay, and a great deal of errands with Mrs. Marvel, but he need not hurry anyone else.”
“Exactly. We both are!” Clint talks over him. He turns his gaze back to Tony who is hiding a grin behind
“I don’t think that’s possible.” Tony says, and wow Steve is right there, close enough to feel his shaky exhalation after the words. Tony has a brief moment to thank whatever came over him to swallow some toothpaste before he came looking for Steve. He doesn’t want something as stupid as morning breath ruining this moment.
Antonia had not had time to think of Mr. Hammer, and she was so completely surprised that she could not avoid a little start at his name. She could feel Steven’s heavy gaze on her, and looked up to him to watch the ocean waters of his eyes grow stormy and flint-like.
“Lest anything be easy for once in my life, huh.” Tony mutters, “It’s fine. Call me up next time you need to use someone else to lie to your friends, parade me around and show me glimpses of a life I want to be a part of, but god forbid you make a real connection.”
Mr. Hammer guffaws, face sweaty and flushed, and Antonia is finally struck with how ugly he is, when he doesn’t have to please someone, “Oh of course, your only thoughts lie with that Captain!”
To dislike a young man, simply for being of a different disposition from himself, was unlike the liberal and intelligent mind she was always used to from him. His high opinion was one she valued overmuch because he never put stock into anything incorrect, but now she was not so sure. She had never believed for a moment it could make him unjust to the merit of another.
“You will not ask me what is the point of my envy? For once you are determined, to have no curiosity. Wise, I am sure, but Antonia I cannot be wise. I must tell you even if I wish it unsaid in the next moment.”
Antonia’s eyes were instantly withdrawn; and she sat silently mediating, in a fixed attitude, for a few minutes. A few minutes that stretched into toffee, turned into hours in her head, for her to become quite reacquainted with her own heart. Why should it be so much worse that Pepper should be in love with Steven, than with Clint Barton? Why did her heart sink so dreadfully by Pepper’s having some hope of a return?
“I don’t - I don’t know if I can do this.” Maria speaks, voice trembling, held together only by sheer force of will. She packs the last of her jewellery with shaky hands. Each diamond paves the way toward her security, each ruby her freedom. Nelson and Murdock aren’t cheap, but they don’t doubt Maria will be in line for half of Howard’s estate when they finally make a move. Maria wears her Tiffany pearls round her neck as a just in case, nevertheless.
He’s ripped momentarily from the experience by the sight of a condom box, open and half used, and he swallows. This is Tony’s world after all. This may feel like a lot more, a LOT more than a one night stand to him, but that’s not to say it feels the same for Tony. If anything, the way Steve feels right now is probably due to Tony’s ... wealth of experience. And he’s not shaming the other man for that, he’s not. He just feels suddenly overwhelmed against the shock of his own inexperience, the months since he’s taken a lover of his own shrieking at him. He calculates the risk, silently, of how disappointing he’s likely to be against the sum of Tony’s knowledge, and comes out wanting.
does he know how it feels to have your failures displayed in front of your eyes taunting you with the abundance of alternative realities where you reacted faster, smarter, angrier,
“No, no.” Mr. Barton seems to shake himself from whatever thought he was pursuing, “It will be Mr. Murdock.”
Antonia’s face launched into a grin, before she turned and ran the steps down to the front door. If Jarvis noted her reaction, and her mother noted the quick change from sombre to joyful upon Captain Rogers’ return, neither said anything.
Steve doesn’t think that’s what Tony wanted to say, but he skims over it, let’s Tony feel across his bared skin with shaky fingers. Feels like he’s going to crawl out of his own skin when Tony undoes his fly, pulls down his trousers, leans back and kicks himself out of both the denim and his underwear until he’s naked except the dog tags that clink round his throat.
Tony won't be stopped now, "We've had a truly foul day, including Von Doom trying to choke slam me, do not test me."
, speaks first. They haven’t spotted him yet. There’s a thread to her voice that speaks of another country, seeped in history of a place she once must have called home. If Tony could think straight he could probably place it, but his brain is scrambled, stuck on static.
It takes a moment to get familiar with the feel and taste of Tony, opening his mouth wide and letting Tony’s cock sit there before closing his lips around him and sucking. Tony shouts and arcs against him with an aborted thrust that has him pushing up further into Steve’s mouth, deep enough Steve can feel him against the back of his throat, and he swallows against the sensation of a cough. His finger slips into Tony’s dark heat in the movement, and he pumps it experimentally a few times, lust twisting his gut at the sounds he rips from Tony.
“Just doing my job Sir.” He sidesteps the actual query with ease, not sure he can lie his way through that one.
He’s quiet for a moment before he laughs, a full bodied one that dances through Antonia from her toes upwards.
They stroll lazily, shedding clothes as they walk, until they connect together in the centre of the room. Tony reaches past him, switching the water onto Steve’s favourite setting (and Steve is again struck by how
she thinks, “Why you.” Her voice was so soft now, as if any louder would break the moment in two, “If you will ask me.”
His meeting today is with Miss Potts, so the surprise is genuine when he steps into the room agreed upon and doesn’t just see the tall redhead, but the man of the hour himself. He recovers quickly, he thinks, from choking on air (and really, did Miss Potts need to offer him a glass of water with such amusement?) and smiles at his now-client with a grin that probably sidles on the manic, given Stark’s look of alarm.
Mrs. Stark on the night was delighted, able to see one of her favourite young charges in the young Banner, and able to see one of her favourite older charges in Mr. Banner, devoted to making himself utterly agreeable for the whole evening.
“Remember when Howard said you’d just seduce and fuck me into marriage?” Tony says through laughter, and Steve grumbles at the memory. He doesn’t want the sour taste of a man who is nothing but a disappointment to clog up their afterglow. Tony soothes him with a hand through his hair and the feeling of inescapable love and adoration that soaks through their bond.
. He can’t help but kiss any part of Tony he can get his hands on, kiss down his throat, his collarbone, until he’s face to face with the mark that shows the world that this gorgeous, beautiful man is
“I thought gentlemen rode in carriages?” Steven bites back, tone devoid of humour, and Antonia looks at him questioningly. She thought they had buried whatever grievances they had. She raises her eyebrows at him, but before he can follow himself up, a raised cough of attention causes her eyes to skitter across and land on Mr. Hammer, who smiles and raises his glass at her in toast. She smiles, awkwardly, and raises her own, hiding her grimace behind it.
“Oh for – vanity on a young head produces every sort of mischief.” Steven bites back, “Miss Virginia Potts is clever yes, pretty to be sure. But James has no vanity, he would not have proposed if he did not think something there. I know she was halfway in love with James Rhodes before you stuck your hand in and tore her in two. I am not wrong here, do not lie to me. We are beyond lying, you and I.
“I speak of your regard for Miss Potts, this last month, your visits to Hartfield! And now you profess your love to me – what fickleness of character I am astonished! And angry!”
“Miss Stark – if you are at leisure – I have something I should like to tell you – a confession of sorts to give you and then it be over.”
Later, much later, when Howard is nothing but a stain on his memory, he sits between his lovers knees, head in his soulmark’s lap, and thinks back to his sixteen year old self. He thinks he can almost smell the pizza grease, can feel the anxiety of his teenage self roll across his back.
“You ridiculous, silly thing.” Steve says, eyes blue and bright, “I’m going to marry you, if you’ll let me. I want to be there when you change the world. I want to live with you and love with you and everything between. And if -“ he stops, “if you need that to stay between us, if you need for this to be just for us, I can do that too. I’ll wait however long you need me to.”
“We think so very differently on this point, Captain. Rogers, that there is no point in canvassing it. We are merely making each other angry. But as to the idea that I would not
Pepper’s smile was beatific, and Antonia felt her heart twist at how striking a couple Steven and her looked. Pepper’s marble skin contrasting with the golden tones of Steven, her fiery hair clashing wonderfully against his blonde.
“I hope Miss Romanov is alright?” she enquires, hoping to stoke the way of a return to old feelings. The effect was immediate.
the damage she had done. “Oh dear. I now recollected what you mean, but my thoughts were of something else entirely. It was not Clint Barton that I meant. I was indeed thinking of a much more precious circumstance – of Captain. Rogers’ coming and asking me to dance when Mr. Hammer would not stand up with me. It was that kind action; that noble benevolence and generosity; that was the service which made me begin to feel how superior he was to every other person in that room.”
Clint turned instantly to Antonia, to claim his former promise; loudly boasting himself an engaged man. Antonia felt Natasha's eyes on her, sad and wide, and she fought the discomfort at the base of her neck. Captain. Rogers and Mrs. Hammer led the way, Captain Rogers stepping out the sidelines for but one dance and one dance alone, in order to soothe Mrs. Hammer’s expectation of leading the dance.
It is so fucking cliché, Tony thinks, when Steve presses a wristwatch that probably cost more than he could afford into Tony’s hand before Steve’s final high school football game and presses a kiss into Tony’s shoulder.
Bucky makes his excuses at some point between dusk and dawn, bumping shoulders with a shattered Tony. “Hey,” he speaks quiet, like he’s trying not to frighten him, “it’s real good to meet you. I worried he wouldn’t find you quick enough.”
Antonia struck any thought of her knowing which way this conversation would turn, clearly she was a fool, “Never marry! – This is a new resolution.”
The misfortune of Virginia’s cold had been pretty thoroughly gone through before her arrival. Mrs. Stark had been safely seated long enough to give the history of it, as well as the history of his own and Elizabeth’s arrival, and Antonia to follow, when the others appeared. Mrs. Marvel, almost wholly engrossed by her attentions to her, was able to turn away and welcome her dear Antonia.
Antonia was confused. She could not endure to give him the true explanation, for knowledge of what he would say, “I could tell you, but you would not approve, and call me a gossip.”
“How lucky that I should get to escort you this evening!” he remarked jokingly as they set off, “For if not, and we had not arrived at the same time to the Cages, surely you would not have been able to discern me as more of a gentleman than usual. You might not have been able to distinguish my more gentlemanly air this evening, and then the carriage would have obviously all been for naught.”
Cranford had once written that soulbond as were mans answer to whalesong. Our own echolocation. Steve wasn’t inclined to disagree, for every thrum of Tony’s heart sat in perfect syncopation with his own. It thudded against Steve’s breastbone, every rush of phantom blood filling Steve with gratitude and adoration. Tony’s body worked overtime to keep him well and rested, and in that space he thrived. It was that extra rush of blood through training, that extra breath of air in his lungs for the last 100m of suicide drills. It was all that, and the unshakeable mantra of
She could not enter the house again, could not be in the same room to which she had with such vain artifice retreated three months ago, without
When they arrive there are cameras absolutely everywhere. The flashes have Tony careering away from Steve. Aside from the initial encounter with Justin Steve has never been seen in public with him and he doesn’t think Steve deserves the shitstorm that would come with that particular revelation. He’s not even sure if Steve wants that kind of attention.
Tony is as sweet and smooth and golden as honey, draped across his bed, “tell me.” He goes back to his ministrations, laving kisses over his soulmark until Tony’s near sobbing.
The Clint Barton so long talked of, so high in interest, was actually before her – he was presented to her. And Antonia could admit that she did not think too much had been said in his praise: he was indeed a good looking young man, and his countenance had the spirit and charm of his father’s. She immediately felt at ease in his presence, that she should like him: and there was a well-bred ease of manner, and a readiness to talk, which convinced her that he came intending to be acquainted with her.
her answer? – Nay you wrote her answer, Antonia! You persuaded her to refuse him. Look at me, Antonia.” Antonia catches his eye, caught in his bright blues once more, “You are the reason for this. You could never lie to me with any success.”
And secretly, in her own thoughts, that she won’t admit to anyone but herself, she will be thankful to have the comforting scent of Steven Rogers around her.
Antonia feels as though a paradigm shift has coursed through her entire body. The honest conversation she has just had with Miss. Hill has left her heart open and bleeding profusely from the source. Yet she knows, at her core, that it may have been too late. There is so much she must atone for, so much she must hope has not been too late to rectify, that she feels powerless and suffocated in the face of it.
She meant to be very happy, in spite of the scene being laid at Mr. Cages, and was pleasantly surprised to see Roger’s carriage at her front door before too long. She could admit to herself, that she had been worried for a moment that he would turn up insisting they ride, and had the carriage on standby just in case that fanciful notion took him. He had a propensity for health, activity and independence that did not allow him to use his carriage very often.
“About Natasha Romanov. Did you ever hear anything so strange? Mr. Marvel told me himself. I met him just now on my way to you. He told me it was a great secret; therefore I should not think of mentioning it to anybody but you, but he said you knew it.”
Disagreement follows their friendship as easily as breathing, and Steven never risks losing her good opinion for the sake of his own beliefs, or his commentary on her actions. She both loves and loathes him for it, but she’s always reminded of his kindness toward her when she, as she is wont to do, steps out of line in a way that nearly always has him as a casualty. He does so now, gracing her with a small smile, before brushing aside the pregnant awkward pause in the conversation with aplomb.
“I was going to observe, my lady,” said Clint Barton, “that one of the great recommendations of this change would be the very little danger of anybody catching a cold! We shall have no occasion to open the windows at all – not once the whole evening; and it is that dreadful habit of opening the windows, letting in cold air upon heated bodies, which does the mischief.”
“So I assume that by telling your friends we were boyfriends that you are down to clown?” Tony says with a straight face.
“Cap?” a voice sounds from behind him, and he whirls round to face it. It’s Tony, standing there awkwardly watching him with what looks like fear in his eyes. Steve instantly feels a wave of guilt threaten to overwhelm him.
such behavior! To look on while repeated attention were offered to another woman! No wonder she did not like me! So unlike how a man should behave! Badly done indeed!” Captain Rogers voice echoed across her thought. “And God! Mrs Smallridge too! Natasha on the point of going as governess!”
Nevertheless, she smiled and inclined her head slightly, noting how the set of Mr. Hammer’s shoulders relaxed upon this assent. Tucking the portrait lovingly back into her reticule, she turned to focus once more on finishing the portrait of Virginia, encouraging Mr. Hammer to compliment her at every turn.
“I blame you entirely,” said he, loudly and louder still for the fact the rest of the group were silent, like their conversation was not theirs alone, “you commanded me to come. I could not resist you, I haven’t been able to since the very first day I met you.”
“You would do well, now, Mr. Hammer, to stop before you forget yourself. You should remember you are not only talking of the family of Stark, a family that have looked after and guarded Highbury for generations, but also that of a decorated and highly beloved military Captain. And you, well, you are a vicar, you can be moved to other parishes at the people’s will.” Antonia’s fury will not be bridled now, not at the slight toward Steven, “I will ask you to be silent now, for I can forgive and forget what you were just about to utter should you remain quiet, and banish any vicious thoughts towards the Captain from your head. Otherwise the wrath of my family will come down on it.”
So when the metal goes through his stomach, he has a brief moment of “so that’s what it feels like to die” and smiles at Tony who has flipped his visor up and is shouting something that Steve cannot hear over the roaring in his ears, not even really aware that blood is pouring out his mouth, before the world goes dark.
Steve laughs softly until he catches Tony’s eye. The man is watching him with a look so intense Steve could almost drown in it.
"Antonia -" he starts, and coughs once, his voice a husky semblance of what it was before, his fingers play with the curl that forever bids free of the rest of her hairstyle, pulls it gently, "Antonia you drive me to madness."
The words are meant to be jokey, but something rings true and holds firm. Steve can do little else but place Tony gently down onto the bed now behind them, and crawl up the bed over him, all the while being watched with hooded eyes that drive him close to burning.
“Dear Antonia, do you think that you – perfectly understand – the degree of acquaintance between the gentleman and the lady we have been speaking of.”
“You have me.” The words are out of Tony’s mouth before he can stop them, choked out on instinct. He knows it to be a fact, as clear as the sky is blue.
“What an inference! He wishes exceedingly to come, his letters speak at length of his desire; but his uncle and aunt will not spare him.”
Antonia would not agree to this. And perhaps, later, she’d see this as the mark in the sand, the turning point. She had been so used to overflowing compliments the minute the conversation turned to Miss Romanov, that perhaps the one that did not start with the same tack made her bold. Made her conscious decide that this was someone she wished to stick to, “It was certainly never brilliant.” She responded, “but she would not allow it to have a sickly hue. But there was a softness and delicateness to it. You have heard the talk of her situation, of course?”
His work in the field becomes even more desperate and if Tony thought Steve was reckless before this is an entirely different ballpark. He saves Natasha from a particularly nasty fall, he tackles Clint out the way of a falling building, he steps into Thor’s shadow when the man cannot be spared from Asgard and he guards a shattered Bruce who turns back in the middle of battle.
Mrs. Marvel was perhaps one of Highbury’s true, unadulterated beauties, almost exotic in her countenance. Not only that, but marvelously intelligent, she did not wait long before marrying. In fact, Antonia would love to hate her, but she could not, when the woman was so utterly charming. Many a day had been spent in Mrs. Marvel’s attentions, the woman fifteen years her senior, making it feel like the gentle instruction of an aunt. The very sight of Mrs. Marvel, her smile, her voice, was grateful to Antonia, and she determined to think as little as possible of Mr. Hammer’s oddities, or of anything else unpleasant, and enjoy all that was enjoyable to the utmost.
It’s not phrased like a question, he thinks perhaps she doesn’t have the energy to say it as such. She’s going through the motions, without any real connection. She doesn’t know of the circuit boards he has taken apart upstairs, she doesn’t know that the small remote control bike she gifted him one year is in bits and bolts across his floor.
“Want to spar for a bit?” she asks, the emotion she was displaying before gone and voice monotone. Steve nods, and they take up their places on the mat.
But Steven did have a cheerful and pleasant manner that hid a sickeningly dry delivery of humour that had all those around him reaching for their sides in laughter, and as such was highly sought after and respected within town.
"Just the one room, Mr. Carbonell?" The man asks, and Tony's shoulders roll back. He'd have found it hilarious, how unrecognisable Steve becomes when out of costume, except it means that the covetous glances that are often masked behind respect when in face with Captain America are more open and hungry when they simply think he's a gorgeous man. But the look the man glances Steve with is far from adoring, instead his upper lip curled with something that vaguely looks like judgement. Tony rolls his shoulders square.
Antonia’s mind ran wild, as it was wont to do, on hearing this. For of course a walk was good for the constitution was good, but in the rain? Early morning? Full of happiness?
She was not to see Clint Barton this morning. He had informed her he could not allow himself the pleasure – that he was to be home in the middle of the day. She did not miss it. It was so obvious to her now, that her infatuation had simply been the flattery of his sole attention. For certainly this cool and collected feeling she had towards him was not anywhere close to the love that the novels she poured over spoke about.
Mr. Hammer was first seen at church; but though devotion may be interrupted, curiosity could not be satisfied by a bridge in a pew, and it must be left for the visits in form which were then to be paid, to settle whether she were very pretty, or only rather pretty, or not pretty at all.
The novel Virginia and Antonia briefly discuss is The Sorrows of Young Werther by Johann Goethe, a semi-autobiographical novel written as a selection of letters of a man so heartsick it spurred the Romantic movement of the late 1780s, and made Goethe a literature celebrity of his day. Worth reading, or at least having a foray into should you have time or feel the need!
“Well, he is coming, you see; good news, I think. Well, what do you say to it? I always told you he would come back soon, did I not? Carol my dear, did I not always tell you so, and you would not believe me? In town next week, at the latest. As to her illness, all nothing of course. But so good to have Clint among us again, they will stay a while nearby and Clint will come and go as he pleases.”
“Surprise. Rhodey. Computers. Don’t have one. And slow down! What’s the rush?” Tony laughs, moves his hand back and catches Steven’s eyes tracking the motion in his throat with hooded eyes. The heat is near stifling between them, Tony’s sure that just a spark from them would have the kindling banked at the hearth of the fireplace ablaze.
“Yeah well, I’m the queen of self-destructive behaviour, can’t have you stealing my spotlight.” He grins, and Steve doesn’t comment on how that smile seems forced, because they both need this right now, the humour, as Steve sits wrapped up in gauze and bandages and temporarily blind in one eye.
The conversation continued as such, without much headway, for the better length of an hour. Antonia could see dusk peeking at the windows and quickly made her leave, but not before suggesting the pair pay a visit to Hartfield before too long. Social niceties were tedious when they contained a pair like Miss. Hill and Miss. Romanov – one an over sharer and the other as dry as could be. But there was gossip to be had, Antonia was sure of it, for when they spoke of a Mr. Murdock there was a tension there that suggested a need for further investigation. One away from prying eyes and loud mouths.
Her views of improving her friend’s mind by reading and conversation that was useful, had never led yet to more than a few chapters scattered here or there, not to Virginia’s attempts. It was Antonia who was far more easily distracted, much more pleasant to allow her imagination range and work so fluidly with Virginia’s own, than be constrained by novels Antonia had read thrice over.
. And this amplification of feelings between them only served to feed that drumbeat of ownership back to Tony, who, damn him,
And Steve loved his soulmark fiercely, but never more than when he stood in the amber tones of their busted skylight, in Steve’s house, in Steve’s clothes (because Tony loved to steal his shirts even though he was swallowed by them). There was something dark and deep and possessive that curled inside Steve’s breastbone when he saw Tony in the trappings of himself. It threaded through his sternum with a beat of
Steven’s grin is achingly fond, the kind that rots Antonia’s chest, “Well, what are you waiting for?” he asks, soft and steady, cheekily too, “Surely you must refuse them at once.”
Their relationship errs on unhealthy according to Fury, who is angry that Steve is now wiser to the organisation-that-once-was-S.H.I.E.L.D.’s deception thanks to Tony. Angry that Tony no longer caters to curried favours in the military thanks to Steve. He doesn’t have his pawns anymore, instead only able to watch as they grow to kings on a chessboard Fury himself had set up to watch fall.
All at once, it’s like the light goes out from Virginia’s eyes. Her shoulders wilt and she takes a moment before replying, quietly, “Oh. So – so you think I should refuse him then?”
“Oh but they are on the west fields. Beside, Captain Rogers says they are not the bad sort of travellers, they come here every year.” Antonia spoke quickly, smiling, watching as Miss Hill shook her head.
“Steve,” Tony huffs an incredulous laugh, “kinda hanging on by a thread here. If you continue down that path I don’t know how long I’ll last.”
He showers and peppers his skin in quick kisses, featherlight, and crawls up Tony’s body slowly and self-assured. His cock hangs heavy and thick between them, and when it brushes against Tony’s they both moan in sweet tandem at the feeling.
“How good it is that we think alike about our godchildren. As to men and women, our opinions are sometimes very different; but with regard to these children, I observe we never disagree.”
A happier sight greeted her mortification – Captain Rogers, cutting a figure across the room and holding a hand out to Miss Potts. She caught Pepper’s look of surprise turn to gratitude, and she nodded once before standing. The pleasure and gratitude that filled her own breast was doubly so, longing to thank him if he was not so far away. She hoped if she caught his eye her countenance would express as much.
“Why am I waiting?” Tony asks, tone cheeky, watches Steve laugh a shaky thing and run a hand through his hair. Tony wants that hand to be on him again, wants to run his own hands through Steve’s golden hair.
They arrive at a door and Steve knocks awkwardly with his shoe, hands full. “Buck - it’s me can you open up?”
“My friends are idiots.” He replies quick, “but thank you. We’ve known each other years. Sometimes it feels like centuries.”
“Yes, I have practiced before it is true. Though not in a great variety of faces. I had only my family and close friends to study from. I have many of my mother – although the idea of her sitting for a picture made her laugh, so I could only draw by utter stealth and therefore they are not the greatest works I have ever created. Mr. Jarvis, over and over again – my kindest friend who would sit whenever I would ask him. Elizabeth Ross, now Banner, a few times though she was never one to sit still, always in such a hurry.” As she speaks she reaches to her reticule, skimming through the pictures that are folded in there. One in particular has her hurry over it, a picture of royal blue and freshly cut corn.
“That can’t be true.” Steve remembers visiting Tony only yesterday… it was definitely yesterday, surely? The days blur into one, monochromatic stretch in Steve’s mind.
“Tony meet Bucky. Bucky, this is Tony. Play nice.” Steve drops a kiss on Tony’s forehead, heads to what Tony assumes is the kitchen and Tony pretends not to miss him fiercely when he leaves the room. He’s not done a very good job of hiding it, he thinks, when he spots Bucky watching him with a knowing look.
strong supersoldier that can carry his weight in one hand and reach for Tony with the other, Tony would find it dreadfully dull on anyone else but his Steve) and clasps Tony’s hand in his own, grips it tightly against Steve’s cheek.
Steve can only presume ‘Pep’ is Miss Potts, since she rolls her eyes but acquiesces with a quick nod before leaving Steve utterly merciless under Anthony “Forbes number 1 of 100 under 40” Stark’s undivided attention.
“No. No no, Steve.” Tony’s voice sounds broken, “Steve, please, stay. I’ll be good. I promise. Just  - stay?” The words are close to begging, open like a flesh wound.
Tony’s eyes open drowsily, as though he’s just awoken from a nap, and it takes a minute before they focus. The ache to touch, to reach out, Steve finds near unbearable. When they do, they dart around madly until they settle on Steve. Tony’s mouth opens and closes, as though he’s trying to find the words but can’t, and Tony appears more and more agitated as the words refuse to come.
“Don’t have a favourite sports team? Great, it’s now the New York Yankee’s, no argument.” Steve jokes before his tone turns somber, “and I suppose I rush because. Because well, that’s maybe a good way of telling you I serve in the United States Military, and I ship back out for another tour tomorrow. I didn’t know - I didn’t think -“ Steven starts, before exhaling on a sad note, “I didn’t know I was getting to meet you today.”
Before she could finish her introductions the parlour door opened with a screech, stopping all conversation dead. Mr Hammer entering with a flourish.
Antonia moves forward, crowding into Steve’s space a little, looking up to his furrowed brow, “Oh of course! She is so wonderful but you must admit she is a little bit ridiculous!”
this stupid man in red, white and blue. He represents the America that could have been, that could have taken on the world and changed it for the better after Pearl Harbour. He refuses to allow the jaded and sarcastic America That Is become their legacy.
“Dependency, trust and respect is not ‘charm’, Antonia.” Steven smarts in response, “They would feel they could trust him, the nephew who has done right by his father, would do rightly by them.”
"Being mistaken for a high end prostitute makes for a difference from a choir boy." Steve says, indulgent with a voice like caramel granting him Tony's laser like focus. Somewhere, one of the two idiot employees choke on his tongue and splutters.
,” she says the second word mockingly, “It suggests no such thing. I am so far from understanding you that I have been in most complete error with respect to your views, till this moment. Nothing could be further from what I want. Your attachment to my friend Virginia and your pursuit of her gave me great pleasure and I wanted nothing but success for you. Am I to believe you never sought Miss Potts – you have never thought seriously of her?”
“He.” Tony cuts in, word a freshly sharpened blade. He watches her with steely eyes, dares her to say anything.
Mr. Marvel told Antonia that they had stopped at Miss Hill’s door to offer the use of their carriage, but the aunt and niece were to be brought by the Hammers.
“I’ve no idea what you mean.” Steve, instead, chooses the vague response, knowing how she hates it, hoping to throw her off. But he knows better. She’s a former interrogator and if she’s set you in her sights you better make sure you are more prepared than Steve currently feels.
"Are you referring to the little elderly woman who has just taken her dentures out, or the man in the suit and goatee?" Steve asks with a hint of humour when Sam shakes his head quickly.
And in that moment, Antonia could do nothing else but sit and paint his likeness, else her fingers grow itchy with ill use. She let the brush strokes guide her, wanting to remember every moment of this night. The fire bathed him in a glow so intimate she felt she was intruding, but she was loathe to leave now.
greedy with it. Steve’s quick to help him, rucking the offending item over his broad shoulders and throwing it somewhere to the floor. Tony’s brain goes offline for a gorgeously blissful moment, tracking golden skin, muscular arms and harsh lines of a body made for battle. Steve doesn’t notice, too focused on gaining access to Tony’s lips again, seeking them out like water in the desert. His back is a solid wall to the sunlight filtering in from the kitchen window, coating Tony in shade. He’s slightly shorter than Tony like this, head tilted up into Tony’s eye line, always always always giving Tony the power. Tony wants to bottle this feeling, wear it like perfume on the inside of his wrists and the crook of his neck. He seeks purchase on the expanse of Steve’s skin, huffs a moan against Steve’s lips, curves his fingers against the waistband of Steve’s sweatpants. He’s grinning against Steve’s lips, happiness (is it his or Steve’s or a combination of both?) threatening to consume him. “Come on.” He urges, bites Steve’s bottom lip, “Come on, baby.”
, makes him feel invincible. He huffs a sigh, watches Steve’s eyes catch on his chest, smothers a smile.
. That tends to lead to a road framed by death and heartache, a road full of last minute leave out of pity, of funerals or hospitals. The terror that claws at his throat must show in his eyes, cause Steve presses into his field of vision, into his space. “Oh no darling, I’m sorry. It’s not bad. At least, I hope it’s not bad. It’s good, it’s so wonderfully good. Tony, you, to me, you. You are
“Drop it Sam.” Steve’s voice is weary but firm. Sam flashes a look of pure murderous intent before slinking away from the bar.
The words trip out over themselves, even Antonia finding room to be embarrassed by her forwardness over Steven. She smiles, awkwardly.
“Always.” Steve replies, reaching up to put a hand against Tony’s cheek and pull him down for a soft kiss that makes both their hearts sing in perfect synchronicity.
thing the ball was cancelled, for she wasn’t sure the Marvels could handle such an occasion, particularly without her experience on hand!”
you will treat him no better than a street urchin! You have an inflated sense of self, one far worse than what I ever thought. It would be better to be without wits than to apply them as you sometimes do, Antonia!”
“Oh I’m sure Antonia and I can manage just fine by ourselves for now.” Steven promises, missing the smirk that idles round Maria Stark’s face.
“Hmm... I’d say the homophobia, darling.” Steve answers from behind him, hands already firm and kneading at the knots in Tony’s shoulders, rolling out a groan from Tony’s lips.
Truly, she is unable to understand Steven’s motivations. She knew that whatever had disturbed them had broken a moment so finely strung she was unlikely to experience it again. There had been a stirring of …
he thinks. Steven takes one moment to look back to the room he’s just left, to stare at Antonia as she stokes the fire once more, the flames silhouetting her in perfect amber glory. He turns and strides out into the dark, not noticing Antonia turn to look her fill of him with a look of sadness on her face.
Mr. Marvel was exceedingly disappointed – much more so than the remarkably sanguine Mrs. Marvel. Though the disappointment does not last long, as hope always seems to conquer it, and before long they are in agreement that Clint’s arrival in a few months would be a much better time of year for his attendance. How clever he was to be rearranging to better weather, when he could surely stay far longer. Mrs. Marvel, Antonia always thought, was much stronger than she appeared. She was able to keep the remarkably tempestuous Mr. Marvel to heel, whilst running one of the busiest households in Highbury.
“So how have you been Mrs. Stark?” Steve asks, having finally fallen into one of the seats beside the roaring fire. He had come immediately from their mutual connections in London, to more fanfare than usual, given the news he brought of Mr. Ross and his wife. All was well in Brunswick Square, where Mr. Ross and his wife resided, making it a happy circumstance, further animating Mrs. Stark for some time.
He’s pretty sure he wrote about this as a senior. If he was to reach out he could probably touch it - wait hold on -
Tony laughs, “Hit me with your best.” He says, and Steve reaches forward to push the door open, daring to place his hand in the small of Tony’s back.
Upon arriving back to Mrs. May’s, she had heard, that Mr. Rhodes had been there not an hour before, and finding she was not there nor particularly likely to be back soon, left a parcel.
Antonia balked at the praise. Such expressions, made Antonia feel that she had never loved Pepper so well, nor valued her affection so highly before.
“You and Miss Potts, and Miss Romanov, will be three. Miss Rambeau and Miss Jones five.” Had been repeated many times over as they plotted the number of couples that would need the space, “And there will be the two Pyms, young Parker, my father, and myself, beside Captain Rogers. Yes that will be quite enough for pleasure.
Now, perhaps if his friends had been a little bit more normal, and he hadn’t picked a name so famous it stung, they could have left it there. Happily. Steve could have told them a few date anecdotes he picked up from
Maria. I find no fault with her. I love to look at her,” Steven flushed at being so honest, “And I don’t think her vain. She is occupied so very little by how beautiful she is. Her vanity lies in her cleverness. I know you all insist to see her as an angel and nothing more, and I’ll forgive you for in being her mother lies your bias. But I won’t play into her vanity, if I’ll be the only one that she hates me for it.”
“Well, my darling.” Maria Stark chimes in, voice so clear it peels through any response Antonia might have been about to utter, “I think this is the perfect time to accept and begin the acquaintance anew. Yet, my bones are too weary for a late night sojourn – you know I prefer to host my parties than attend them. No, no, my darling, you attend in my stead, please, as they are so desirous for your company. Captain Rogers will attend you, to take care of you.”
“He still doesn’t look very well, does he? I suppose an IED will do that to a person.” Obie muses, “You think he’s up for what the media will paint him as?” He asks, and Howard cocks his head, calculating and listening, “An opportunistic gold digger? You think we can’t paint him and his family however we like?”
“Miss Stark! Mr. Jarvis!” they heard a voice call them from one of the windows above the market, “I was just to run across to entreat the favour of you to come and sit down with us a little while, and give us your opinion of our new instrument! Mr Barton is already here!” she waved them up, insistence clear on her face, and Antonia could only spare a glance at Jarvis before following the summons.
The very day that the portrait was finally done, and Mr. Hammer entreated with taking the likeness down to London to choose a frame, provided a fresh occasion for Antonia to help her friend. It had begun as a usual day, with Virginia at Hartfield soon after breakfast; after a time going home to return again to dinner. However this particular day she returned far earlier than usual, with an agitated and harried look, grin affixed to her face so wide it would nearly split her face in two.
But regardless, his friends are far from the normal type of people. Whether it’s their collective upbringing and career path, or that Steve seems to collect people just this side of crazy, he has no idea. He knows he couldn’t live without them, but occasionally he has to repeat this as a mantra through gritted teeth as they do something stupid for the fifth time that day. So he knows that when he heads to Stark Inc the next day that this is far from over, and his lizardlike brain is simply screaming
“I – yes.” Pepper says, voice soft now, “In my mind, there was no room for anybody else. I thought for a moment of James – but after the ball there was no mistake. When we talked about him, I thought it was utterly clear. There could be no room for error – I even spoke of his gallantry in saving me at the ball.”
The bacon on the stove burns. Forgotten. Steve wrestles his lips from Tony, takes a step back, Tony mesmerised by the rhythm of his chest rising and falling. “Wait.” Tony’s not sure if that’s directed at him or directed at Steve himself, “Wait.”
She approaches the next words carefully, “I think –“ she speaks as though trying not to spook a skittish foal, “I think as a general rule if a woman is in any doubt as to whether to accept a man or not, she
had her struck by the sight. His double breasted waistcoat was a beautiful cerulean lace that shimmered as it caught the sun, matching the tint of his eyes perfectly, and the rest of him was the most beautiful sight of dark creams and slate greys.
It leaves Tony helpless to do anything but rock forward into Steve’s orbit, crush his lips against Steve’s mouth like a scorch mark. As wild as fire, it’s like the engine of his libido, left idling from last night, has turned over and roared to life. He wants Steve everywhere. He curls his fingers into Steve’s shoulders and pulls, feels the percussion of Steve’s heartbeat. He
Captain Rogers called before too long, and sat for some time in thick conversation with Mrs. Stark, before she made her excuses and readied herself for a turn about the garden.
He lays his head on Tony’s chest, and the silence continues for a moment before being broken by Tony’s laughter.
Tony’s heart calls for murder now, calls for blood and betrayal. He watches Howard smile, wide and lecherous, and suppresses the urge to leap across the table and carve it out of his skin.
Apparently karma had actually banked him an entire shitload of good vibes because there was no possible way Tony’s life could be going
“Steve, this team cares about you too much to fall apart on us now. Not when we’re just getting good.” He smiles slightly, awkwardly even, and knowing him as Steve does, showing emotion other than sarcasm and wit is probably difficult for him, which makes Steve appreciate the words even more. He throws an arm out and gives Tony a one shouldered hug.
with electricity he steps up to bat and takes the brunt of a blow that was meant for Clint. The current passes through him, and for a brief moment he feels like he is
“The Bartons are probably at fault,” said Captain Rogers, coolly; “But I dare say he probably would not come even if the door was open to him.”
“Hey Shellhead.” The words are practically whispered, quiet and nearly shaking with relief, “Thought we’d lost you there.”
Tony shakes his head emphatically, “No, no, no, I do want to. Oh my god do I want to. Especially that Captain-y voice I was just graced with. Holy shit I didn’t think I had a kink for authority but you’ve just blown that out the water. I just want to make sure you want to. Informed and enthusiastic consent is kind of a dealbreaker for me.”
Steves not surprised, and clearly this lack of shock must translate to his face because Stark pauses and looks confused, before powering on.
Clint, which forces Fury to make the decision to take Steve off the bench and back out onto the field. A decision he may have been slightly
“If I find him conversable, I shall be glad of his acquaintance, but if he is only a chattering idiot, he will not occupy much of my time or thoughts.”
“What do you mean?” Steve asks, voice calm with serenity he doesn’t feel. His heart is up in his throat, clogging his breath, thundering through his skin.
“I will manage invitations,” said Mrs. Hammer, pulling Steven from his stupor, “for your little strawberry party.”
“You surprise me. I have never known you so unjust. Your opinions are inaccurate. Clint Barton is an amiable young man, and I can vouch for his indifference to Miss Romanov, believe me.” The last words are spoken with a hidden knowledge, and a thought rudely enters Steven’s head that the reason she knows he is not attached to Natasha is because she knows him attached to herself. She sighs, throwing her arms out, and the moment sits a while, heavy and solemn. “Let us stop this now, are you staying for supper?”
“By the way,” Tony speaks on a laugh, watching Steve’s face take a turn for adoration, “I love you too you idiot.”
Dakar Hospital is nothing more than a hastily assembled field hospital, but Tony steps through the curtain and steels himself.
how hard it is when I am this fantastic to be stuck with two people who don’t understand as an audience.”
He smiled, graciously, hiding annoyance deep down, “Ah – no thank you. As you can see – most of the guests are here now.”
They had a very fine day for Potomac Hill; and the party proceeded pleasantly. Antonia and Harriet went together; Miss Hill and her niece with the Hammers; the gentlemen on horseback. Nothing was wanting but to be happy when they got there. Antonia could barely sit still as they travelled the seven miles to their destination, her eyes avidly eating up the countryside with delight. But upon arrival they settled too much into parties. The Hammers walked together; Captain Rogers took charge of Miss Hill and Natasha; and Antonia and Pepper belonged to Clint Barton. And Mr. Marvel, in vain, tried to make them harmonise better. But during the two whole hours that were spent on the hill, there seemed a principle of separation, too strong for any fine prospects to remove.
“Mr. Stark would undoubtedly support me, if he was still alive. How fortunate it is for my girl to have a lady in the village for her to be friends with. And not only that, but for the girl to be close to her in intelligence, enough to keep that gorgeous mind from ticking over into ill use.”
“Ask no more questions – my wife will break it better than I can. Most unaccountable business! But it will all come soon.”
At first, Steve is afraid to hit her, the manners drilled into him as a boy still fresh, and he hesitates to land the first punch. Natasha makes it easier though, when she lands a roundhouse kick to his face so hard he can taste blood. She doesn’t apologise, and from then on they engage in a dance of flying limbs and staccato sounds of bones meeting flesh.
Disagreement follows their friendship as easily as breathing, and Steven never risks losing her good opinion for the sake of his own beliefs, or his commentary on her actions. She both loves and loathes him for it, but she’s always reminded of his kindness toward her when she, as she is wont to do, steps out of line in a way that nearly always has him as a casualty. He does so now, gracing her with a small smile, before brushing aside the pregnant awkward pause in the conversation with aplomb.
“What, he would never share a little joke with you?” the words come out mean, scathing, he doesn’t mean for them to, and she stares at him with surprise.
“Charming? That would be perfect!” Antonia bursts, voice full of ire, “Rogers! She has barely met the man and she is here calling him Rogers as though they are old friends!
, as Pepper proclaimed it a blush fell across Miss Romanov’s cheeks which gave it meaning not otherwise obvious. Steven connected it with the dream, although how was beyond his comprehension. Disingenuousness and double dealings met him at every turn. Letters mere vehicles for trick. Concealment for a deeper game on Clint Barton’s part.
ill – yet they are delighted to forgive him!” Running out of steam, he adds quietly, “Fortunate man indeed.”
Maria Stark shifts, sits up, looks fierce for one moment in her entire life, fixes Tony with a gaze so parental in its disbelief he has to stop from looking behind him to see if she’s pointing her gaze elsewhere. “Don’t play dumb with me, Anthony. It doesn’t suit you. You met them.”
“I have excused you for too long, and you have grown indulgent in the room we have allowed you. I would do nothing but indulge you, and live happy for it. But not anymore. You, who she has known from an infant, who she has seen grow up from a period where her notice was an honour, to have you now, in thoughtless spirits and arrogant pride laugh at her, humble her. Before her niece and before others, some of whom would be entirely guided by your treatment of her. This was badly done, Antonia.”
“Yes – it seems to depend upon nothing but the ill-humour of his grandmother, which I imagine to be the most certain thing in the world.”
“I’d normally retort, but I’m scared you’ll cut off my head and eat me like you do with your other spoils of war.”
He nods “I’d like that.” Killing the ignition and unfolding himself from the car, he looks up to the Tower. It almost seems to lean over him ominously, and he wonders what on earth he’s playing at.
“You will go to bed. You will attend our dinner party tomorrow evening, and Jarvis will be chaperoning you at MIT until you finish your blasted exams, at which point you will move to SI headquarters.”
“It’s misplaced. Dunno how they even got into the armed forces in the first place considering they are about as useful as a chocolate teapot.” Steve complains, and Tony smothers a laugh.
“Were I in love, it would be a different thing. But I have never been in love. It is not my way, or nature, and I don’t think I ever will be. And without love, I am sure I should be a fool to change such a gilded situation as mine. Fortune, employment, consequence, I do not want for any of these. I believe few married women are half as much a mistress of their husband’s house as I am of Hartfield. And never could I be held in such high regard, to be thought of so truly and beloved and important in any person’s eyes as I am my mothers.” Merely a few weeks ago, these words would have been true, but for whatever reason they now seemed hollow on Antonia’s lips. She doesn’t pause too long to study that, banishing such odd thoughts from her brain.
"Of course the dude, c'mon man. Don't you recognize who it is?" Sam asks, eyes widening almost comically when Steve answers in negative, "Are you from the
“Oh, hey Cap.” She murmurs, and Steve thinks it best not to comment on how her eyes are an angry red.
Antonia turned back towards Donwell, smiling when her eyes caught on Captain Rogers stood not far away. She bound up to him with a grin and a playfulness that had his eyes soft with indulgence.
Antonia was ready for her visitor long before he appeared; but his sorrowful look and total abandonment of usual upbeat spirits was marked. He felt the going away almost too much to speak of it. His dejection was most evident. He sat lost in thought for the first few minutes, and when rousing himself, it was only to say.
Steve wades through the murk of hatred and anger and ignorance and finds those those twin stars mapped out in constellations that he has charted and knows down to his very bones. He holds fast to their image like a lifeline in the distortion of spiteful words and rage. The amber beacons centre him, help him find his stability, and provide him with other memories. Memories of him and Bucky furiously grabbing any time they could together under the cover of darkness, of quiet kisses and nearly silent groans. Memories of his mother furiously wiping away tears before kneeling down and whispering fiercely (and the only time he ever heard Sarah Rogers swear),
"Oh. Um. This isn't my phone! Yes, this is you on the phone though. As in, the picture, here, in my hands. But I wasn't the photographer! That is to say, I wasn't, I didn't- But I didn't take it! I swear! It was a friend!" Steve rambled, panicked.
“Well, hold a moment, I can get your letter.” Miss Hill goes to stand, and Antonia is quick to stop her.
A laugh rallies around the table, “For my part it only makes my anticipation even stronger.” Antonia responds, laying it on as thick as she can, “Any woman could not resist such heroic and gentlemanly impulses.”
“Well,” said she at last, feeling Mrs. Marvel’s eyes on her all the while, “I may need a day or so to understand this. Engaged? To her? All winter? Before either of them came to Highbury?” Antonia could scarcely believe what she was saying, her mind divided between two ideas – her own former conversations with him, not least about Miss Romanov; and poor Pepper.
“If you are still able to talk I’m clearly not doing my job right.” Steve grins and leans forward to lick a path down.
.” Tony all but spits, and Obie just grins. Obie’s speciality is pain points, is reaching into a company and discovering where they need SI, or where SI can crush them. It makes sense it extends to people. Tony’s helpless against the rising nausea in his stomach.
“They think you are …unhappy.” Fury’s voice is confused, of course it is. He’s S.H.I.E.L.D. These guys didn’t know what to do with the Man Out of Time, panicking and shoving him into a room with forties memorabilia and magazines expecting him to blow up if they so much as showed him a tube-top or Wikipedia web page. They have no clue what to do with him, his situation is unprecedented – there is no rule book, no set of guidelines or protocols and that scares the hell out of them all. They don’t understand why a man who is perfect in every physical way could possibly be suffering mentally because they see the abs and the super strength and then see photos of him before and assume he should be perfectly happy.
