“Wait, so… there’s… a boggart? Around the school?” she said. “But - you think it’s me? Why would it be me?”
He looked stumped. Castiel, acting on impulse, took advantage of his confusion to seize Dean’s mistletoe berries - all of them, and then his own - and shove them into his thin, waterlogged potion.
Library Mode briefly glanced in his direction from behind his fortress of books, and Dean turned on his heels and walked out of the library.
Maybe not, though. It was nearing exams and the older students tended to stay up really late sometimes.
A smattering of memories hit Castiel’s mind like renegade spells. Dean calling Castiel’s name in the library, just two days ago. Dean ruffling his hair, yesterday, as an older version of himself. Dean grabbing a pillow to fake-kiss him under the mistletoe.
Dean’s mouth fell open as her smile widened. He enjoyed quidditch alright, but it was still very high up in the air and Professor Mills was constantly telling him that his fear of heights was getting in the way of him being better. He definitely didn’t think he was ready to be on the school team, no matter what he’d told Castiel.
Castiel’s own restlessness manifested in very thin nerves - but to be fair, how could they not when kitchen-sheep were now something he had to deal with?
“Maybe.” Castiel shrugged. “Or they recognized him from when that shifter was snooping around in his form.”
She jumped a little and tugged the sleeve of her robe back down hurriedly. “Oh, that’s nothing. I just tripped down the stairs, is all.”
” Dean corrected, but it didn’t help the shard of guilt that had been wedged into Castiel’s heart for the past couple of months. “Look, if you don’t want me to take that job, then that’s fine. But I need to find
He chewed his lip for a moment, and then pushed hesitantly on the door. It didn’t budge. He frowned and then reached up – the doorknob wasn’t quite as high up as he’d thought it would be, he could wrap his whole hand over it – and tried to turn it with his right hand. That didn’t work, either.
“I won’t tell,” he said out loud. “But if you think you’re going to get away with this, or that you’ve actually helped Lisa at all, you don’t know my mother.”
“Last result!” he said. It came out sounding far too nervous; Castiel was glad that Dean Winchester was standing far away down the line of students, this time, out of earshot.
“What are you guys - oh.” Hannah paused, taking in the look on both of their faces. “You were fighting again.”
“Um. Dean?” Garth said, tentatively touching Dean’s shoulder when he didn’t move for several seconds. “Dean?”
“Well,” Castiel said, looking around, feeling a little embarrassed for having entered in quite such a dramatic fashion. The place smelled of dust and rust and a vaguely unpleasant blend of old potions ingredients.
“That wasn’t what I…” Castiel began snappishly, but trailed off. Of course he’d wanted recognition. He’d wanted all the Gryffindors to realise that he was different to them, he’d wanted them to see how hard he worked, how clever he was. A couple of times, he’d even fantasised that they’d been whispering to each other, saying the Sorting Hat had been wrong to place him in Gryffindor and they were going to speak to a teacher about how clever Castiel was, and how he would really be doing much better in Ravenclaw...
“He’s insufferable! He tried to make fun of me in front of Hannah. He got all his friends to throw snowballs at me. He never even thanked me for saving his life last year when he almost fell off a broom!” Castiel paused for a second, and then added in a slightly different tone, “He made fun of me because Dad’s present got confiscated.”
Still, as badly as it had gone, it could have been worse. Naomi wouldn’t be impressed by seventy-nine percent, but she wouldn’t be angry, either.
hadn’t been big in Castiel’s childhood. He felt as though he was still getting the hang of it. Hannah moved the cake closer towards him.
“Nice moves, Novak,” said a voice nearby. “You know, Professor Mills would probably do another beginner’s class, if you asked.”
“Sorry, I was dousing the plants. Are we primed to go?” Castiel gyrated towards what Dean was looking at and seemed to observe Sam for the first time. “Oh, hello Sam. Are you coming?”
“Untransfiguration, Mr Walker,” she said. “In an examination context, I could not give you the mark. Please have a seat.”
The boy turned to the man behind him and gestured towards the two of them like it meant something important.
“I’ll have one for next year. When I try out for the team.” Castiel retorted, heightening his chin. “A good one, too. You’ll have to borrow a Cleansweep Seven. Or worse.”
“It’s just a seven hour drive,” Castiel said, ignoring the offered hand. “You can save your energy for something else.”
His hands pegged halfway through the motion when he caught sight of what was on his plate, his emerald spheres struggling to parse what they were seeing. He looked up at Cas, who had been faced with the same vista, and who looked similarly thrown into a tizzy.
“Conjuration,” she corrected, in a soft voice. And then she smiled. “Let’s be entirely accurate wherever possible. But very good, Mr Novak. Well done.”
Jo’s mouth closed, and she nodded, though she still looked uncertain. On her other side, Anna was listening attentively, a little crease between her brows.
“Winchester, you need to take a break from studying,” Charlie said, sounding definitely concerned now. “I think it’s making you crazy.”
It was sprawlingly huge and bright, and smelled headily strongly of food and cologne and bodies. And there were people walking, people running, people standing and staring at the departure boards, hundreds upon hundreds of people with their boisterous conversations and rustling shopping and rat-a-tat doorknocker laughs.
He whipped around and nodded excitedly to a painting of a beautiful, red-haired creature lounging on a large rock in the sunlight that was just above his own eye-level.
Across the table, a pair of bemused fourth-years watched as they laughed and dabbed at the crumbs and the butter.
He folded his arms on the desk and leaned forward on top of it, effectively covering the paper so no one else could see it.
Igniting a fire under his cauldron - with a deal more expertise and control than Dean had used, Castiel noted to himself with a certain smugness - Castiel reached for his Lethe River water. It was beautiful, silvery and shimmering inside the phial; he carefully poured out two drops into his cauldron.
“In, in, in,” Crowley said, chivvying them into the classroom. “Come on. Let’s get those results over with.”
“You wouldn’t ruin this perfect face, would you?” Dean said; when Castiel turned to give Dean another full-power stare of disdain, Dean was blowing out his cheeks and crossing his eyes. It was unexpected enough that for a moment - if only for a moment - Castiel felt his face slipping towards a smile.
Professor Mills set the broom aside. “I have to leave, but I’ll be back in a few hours and I expect a lot of progress.”
Garth reached over Dean, pushing him forward and causing him to stumble and push the pendulum back to gain his balance.
“You… want to move the ingredients that could currently be seen as belonging to any student… to under your own bed?” Castiel said slowly. Ash kneaded his forehead.
“Castiel!” called Hannah from the stony shore, her voice sounding caught between amusement and concern. “Be careful…”
“I’d like to see you stop me,” Castiel snapped. He was angry, irritated at having suggested the rival sleepover in the first place. He was supposed to be figuring out a way to help Jo and Anna
“Bradbury is a bad influence,” he said, his tone kind and warm. “That’s all you need to know for now. She’ll lead you down a path that is beneath you. Next thing you know, you’ll be socialising with muggle-borns, and maybe even muggles themselves.”
“No magic in the corridors,” Gordon said, resentfully. Lucifer caught Castiel’s gaze, and rolled his eyes. Castiel smirked, pleased to be in on the joke. He thought he understood, now. Some rules were good to break, and some rules weren’t. The trick was knowing which was which.
Philippe walked up with an armful of snowballs and astonishingly white hair to match the color of the snow around them. “Bela and Bartholomew said to make these. Is it enough?”
History of Magic was taught by an older redheaded witch with a very thick Scottish accent that Dean sometimes had a hard time understanding. Most of the class period was alright, but Dean quickly realized that most of the class had a really big head start on him when it came to their history. Of course, no one was perfect, but he’d see Charlie nod her head every once in awhile when she recognized a name or a date. To someone who had no clue about any of this until a few months ago, this was like learning the entire history of a fantasy novel that he’d never even heard of before.
Dean whirled around and held out his hand in a sudden idea. “Garth. We have to promise not to tell anyone else about this, okay? This is our secret, okay? We don’t want this passage crawling with all of the Hufflepuffs.”
“So, Dean. I actually wanted your thoughts on something.” Philippe glanced over at Castiel, and added, almost looking like an afterthought, “And um, I suppose you too, Novak.”
“Well, we can write to you,” Nick said, nodding his head to himself, “And then you can write back and send it with the owl that brought you our letter. That should work, right?”
finale,” Dean said, pointing at the TV, “So, we have to finish watching it - but after that we’re gonna make-out, okay? Like a lot. And then probably talk about shit.”
Dean paused when he reached the end of the hallway, pressing his ear up against the back of the large grandfather clock and listened intently. It didn’t
“I know you’ll probably not want to forgive me,” Lucifer said, shrugging those elegant shoulders of his. “I know I’ve probably lost your good opinion. I’d hoped we could be friends after Hogwarts, Castiel, but I understand if you see me differently after this. I just hope you’ll remember that everybody makes mistakes. This was one of mine. And I’m not proud of it. I just hope I can be proud of being better than it, one day.”
great if he could manage to get snow on the ever-pompous Castiel and dampen his attitude a little bit.
“It’s an old bunker, maybe a half an hour drive from here,” Dean explained. “Used to belong to the Men of Letters but it’s been empty for decades. Sometimes heaven just keeps tabs on stuff like that.”
that you can use for most small injury and breaks. There’s a different spell for more complicated breaks but I don’t want
“It’s true,” Hannah said helpfully, from across the room. Castiel’s mouth closed, and Gabriel seemed to take this as a sign of acquiescence, because he clapped Castiel on the shoulder again.
said the watch, snapping away the seconds in thick, calm, steady beats. Castiel squatted down, pulled out his wand, and, with the tip of it, he tentatively poked at the wrist strap.
He passed Castiel the little green bottle; with no small amount of trepidation, Castiel stared down at the label.
He thought after that disastrous first day of flying lessons that he’d end up hating the class and failing miserably, but he was slowly growing accustomed to the height and while he still wasn’t entirely comfortable with being so high in the sky, he could do the bare minimum. He even enjoyed it at times, if he didn’t think about what he was doing too much.
Castiel drew his eyes away from the road briefly to see Dean looking up at the roof of his car where dozens of tallymarks were crudely scratched into the top and lined up in rows on the left and the right side.
“Unfortunately not. That trail’s still cold for now. But we do have a case,” Castiel said. “A couple of people have gone missing in Rawley after their neighbors said they were acting odd. Police don’t see any sign of foul play, but they say both houses smelled… different.”
Every one of these obstacles they’d come across in the past few minutes had needed to be solved using some sort of spell they’d learned this year in their Charms class. The practical part of exam was to see if they could use the spells to help themselves.
“We need to hurry up,” he said aloud. “Or we'll be late to meet Anna. We'll figure something out later, or something… just keep trying to think, OK?”
Dean grinned when he heard the badly-suppressed shout, realizing that maybe he was on the right track.
“And I thought you were too smart to leave the flames on under your cauldron for the entire time it was brewing,” he retorted. “I guess we were
“Did your mommy tell you that?” Anna said, mocking, leaning round past Castiel to send Jo a withering glare. Jo sneered back.
“Maybe we can get Philippe to eat one,” Dean suggested, poking his head above the couch to give the room a quick once-over. Philippe was the only one left of his dormmates that had stayed over Christmas break - something about his parents being abroad - and Dean was happy to have the company.
For a moment, Castiel held still, forgetting why he’d come in the first place, wanting only to watch. Lucifer kept talking, but he seemed to sense that he was under scrutiny; his eyes flicked lazily over the other seventh years gradually filing into the Transfiguration classroom, did a double pass at a lower height, and finally alighted upon Castiel.
Dean was already snorting to himself beside Castiel, who sighed, and read out the label in a flat tone.
That thought nudged at him from time to time, even as he stalked his way down the last hallway in a long abandoned shipping facility, machete gripped tightly in one hand while he kept an ear out for any sounds that Shouldn’t Be. It was dark, grimy, and everything he’d come to expect from a vampire nest.
“HIC - shhh!” Castiel said back, trying to keep his voice to a whisper. They emerged from the stairway and out into the corridor, and Dean pulled the broom up to a halt; after a moment, they heard a distant shriek of laughter.
The potion didn’t need heat at the brewing stage. In a rush, Castiel remembered the words that he’d written in big letters on his notes, and ringed to emphasise them: NO FLAMES WHEN BREWING. That was what had caused his potion to crisp up and be useless last time. If Dean’s potion was left like this, it would be inadmissible for the exam within the next ten minutes.
Dean waved his arms emphatically in front of himself, too weirded out by hearing Philippe’s accent come out of Castiel’s mouth.
Sliding down the wall to make sure he was out of the line of fire, Dean waited. The sound of footsteps grew louder and louder, and then Castiel rounded the corner…
Dean grinned down at house elf and took a roll from the platter. “Thanks! I was actually getting a little hungry.” He rubbed at his eyes as he chewed, glancing around at the dozens of other house elves that were bustling around in the kitchens. “How long have I been in here?”
Castiel shrugged his shoulders and opened his mouth - and bright pink bubbles began floating out as he attempted to form words.
“I don’t know what he’s doing,” Gabriel remarked, having evidently followed Castiel’s gaze, “but I could probably put him back in the lake for you.”
“You gotta get them to stand in a demon trap and read an exorcism at them.” Dean attempted to twirl the rod in his fingers, frowned as it clattered onto the floor, and crooked a finger at it, making it zoom back up into his hands. “Or just the exorcism part. But it’s easier to get them to stick around for it if they can’t move, you know?”
“I’m trying to find this guy,” the man said, and the only thing that gave away any sort of emotion was a slight twitch in the corner of his mouth.
Castiel looked over at Hannah, who raised one shoulder, communicating with her expressions rather than with words.
“We need to tell Sam,” Dean said. “There’s some kind of creature with time-stopping… word-twisting powers…”
“In the fight, they were pretty terrible,” Hannah agreed, a small smile on her face. “Creedy kept hitting into Gordon all the time and throwing his aim off, which was lucky.”
The shadows twitched and flickered, the candlelight low and eerily fluttery this high up in the castle. He must have gone up – what, six floors? Seven? He pressed on down a corridor, trying to stem his tears by pressing the heels of his hands to his eyes – and when he lowered them again, a flicker of movement to his left caught his gaze – he grabbed for his wand and held it out in front of him –
He stopped, suddenly realizing that he’d been walking deep in thought, not concentrating on where he was going. He clicked his tongue as he tried to figure out where he was. Even though he had more or less memorized all of the important places, Hogwarts was still confusing and he hadn’t been to this part of the castle much. It didn’t help that the sun had just barely set in the sky and there was no light shining through the windows to help guide him.
It was all a furious jumble in Castiel’s head. He had to stop thinking he was better than everyone, but he had to be the best for his mother, but he couldn’t ever be because he wasn’t good enough and he’d already failed on his first day at Hogwarts when he’d got sorted into Gryffindor, but he couldn’t be snobbish about that because it was wrong, but -
“Mr. Winchester, if you please.” Professor Novak raised an eyebrow expectantly and gestured at his own cushion. Dean was aware that his professor seemed to be keeping a close eye on him in class for some reason. From the very first day she had singled him out more than the other students, when he had effectively levitated his feather on the first try.
Dean felt the heat rise to his face, already preparing his apology speech for using the secret tunnel to the kitchens. “Okay,” he said quietly.
Dean swung again, a satisfied huff of air leaving his lungs at the impact. The rock crashed into the lake again with a larger splash.
“I’d better get back to returning my books. I can’t have any left checked out - I hear Joshua comes after you with a broom handle if you leave Hogwarts with a single one of his precious tomes.” His tone indicated that Joshua was something of a joke.
As he slipped into dreams that night, Castiel thought about Bobby Singer. How kind he’d been. Castiel wanted to be like that, wanted to be kind, wanted to be able to make a difference to someone like that. He wanted to be
On the walk back to the Gryffindor common room, he thought about what Naomi had said. Maybe he didn’t know if he could always belong with other people. Maybe they’d leave him, ditch him without a word of explanation. But he could always belong with his family. Now he just had to try to deserve it. To focus on his studies. To be the best.
It was true, he thought, that Ash was often right alongside him - well, maybe occasionally even faster - but sometimes Castiel himself was faster, too. Ash wasn’t
To the right of the door, where a door handle should have been, was just a clean sheet of metal: an empty space that made no sense.
He wanted to keep crying, but his tears were all spooled out and gone, like the thread on a used-up cotton reel. He sniffed and wiped his wet nose, and flipped over his pillow to sleep on the side that was dry. He stared up at the top of his bed, hearing that voice over and over again in his mind.
A moment passed before Castiel nodded once and dragged the sole of his shoe along the circle, breaking the line and stopping the glow.
“Is… is this a trick?” the shifter asked, eyes darting around the barn. “This is a trap or something.”
Hannah chewed on her lip and shrugged. “I think, usually? But not always. I mean, look at Castiel. He told me that his entire family has been in Ravenclaw for generations. Like all of them. And now he’s the first one to be sorted into Gryffindor.”
Castiel wilted under her briskly-worded chastisement. Beside him, he could hear Dean breathing through his mouth; the nosebleed had to be blocking his nose.
Nick muttered something under his breath as Dean hoisted himself up into the opening. He’d seen most of the older kids able to crawl in with ease, but seeing as he wasn’t quite that tall yet, he’d have to do a little lifting. Luckily, the bottom of the passage was padded for a more comfortable journey into the next room.
Dean stuck out his tongue as he walked away, chasing after Jo as she exited the Great Hall. Normally he would have stuck around and argued, but this was important.
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked, crawling past them towards his schoolbag, which sat in the corner unnoticed.
Around the door, at a height far lower than anyone in the dormitory had expected, peeked a thin, blue-eyed face.
“Come on!” he said, his voice sounding higher-pitched than usual. “Hats are for hamburgers! If we do it together…” He pointed his wand back at the window, and Castiel understood; he retrieved his own wand from the pocket of his robes, and aimed for the broken window.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, his brows immediately furrowing in concern as he pushed aside all thoughts of Castiel.
“No!” Hannah said. “No, I… I don’t know if any of the teachers know that I’m… that I don’t sleep with the girls. I don’t know if they’ll make me be sent back. What if they think the same as Gordon? Castiel, you have to promise me that you won’t tell!” She looked so distressed that Castiel nodded at once.
Jars upon jars, familiar in a hateful way after so many weeks struggling through practical Potions classes. Castiel cast his eyes over the labels, hoping one of them would jog his memory.
The thought was a momentary flash, and then it was gone. Dean was looking at Castiel expectantly as though waiting for him to take the initiative to leave, and Castiel was frozen with the sudden realisation he’d had - but he shook it off, and shook his head exasperatedly at Dean, and began to walk towards the library exit.
“Sure, with a Charm or two to help,” said a deeper voice from behind them; Castiel and his friends turned to see Billie herself, already in her Quidditch robes, striding past them and laughing. Jo and Anna gaped after her for a second, and then looked at each other with wide, wide eyes.
He subsided into silence, chewing on his lower lip. Castiel, who hadn’t taken his eyes off the door and its puzzle, squinted at it and tilted his head.
it would mean that you slaughter Castiel in that test,” he said with a wink in Dean’s direction. “Imagine: writing down anything you want and the quill changing it to the right answer.”
“So… sleepover,” said Anna, her tone taut. Hannah threw Castiel a warning glance - he knew what she wanted right away. She wanted him to talk Anna down from the plan, get her to give up on the idea. It would probably be for the best, he acknowledged. It was hardly encouraging the healthiest of rivalries between Anna and Jo; the mean-spiritedness between them just kept worsening and worsening. And yet…
“Great,” she said tightly. Castiel reached her, and smiled - tried to remember that Anna's fight wasn't his own, and he himself had nothing against Jo whatsoever.
“On three. One,” Jo said. She was staring around the circle, challenging anyone not to join in. Castiel looked to his right, at Dean, who was gripping his bottle tightly.
“Uh... no, of course not,” Dean said, shuffling forward and trying not to panic. “Did - did you want that... favor now?”
“Oh no, dear.” She shook her head. “Not everything. Some things are even beyond magic, but that won’t stop me from trying. If witches and wizards stopped trying, we wouldn’t have the potions and spells that we have now.”
she exclaimed, jumping up and over an ottoman with ease and began a little dance. “It feels so weird!”
For the first part of the year, Dean had avoided every Quidditch game that had popped up, not wanting to be reminded of the unfair rejection he’d been given from the Hufflepuff team. Eventually, he’d gotten over it for the most part, and spent every Hufflepuff match he’d gone to decked out in yellow and black as he booed the competition.
They walked in silence a few minutes, dodging through the bodies that were trying to make it to their next class.
“You were… ?” Charlie said wonderingly, and then closed her eyes. “You were actually under the table.”
“Yours?” said Jo sceptically. Castiel glanced at Anna; she put her hands on her hips, and gave him a sparkling little smile of approval.
Castiel rolled his eyes and started wiping the machete off on the nearest bale of hay he could find.
“Yeah, he does seem... moody a lot, but you’d probably act that way too if you had to go through what he does, you know?” Jo was looking directly ahead and Dean wondered if she was purposefully not making eye contact with him.
“Well… it would be wrong if I said I didn’t like that, too,” Castiel said, a smile skulking back onto his frontage. “And if I said I don’t get a buzz out of your company no matter what we do, as long as I get to spend time with you.”
“Yes,” said Castiel, thinking fast and doing his best not to show it. “I said I was looking for an idiot, and someone suggested
“I know you’ve been watching me.” Dean’s voice was just above a whisper. “You’ve been doing it a lot. What do you want?”
“Yeah.” Jo tossed her hair in a huff. “Apparently his parents both work there and he’s got his eye on a spot in the Ministry, too. I hope he falls off a tower first, though.”
Ruby hiccuped and wiped at her eyes again, trying to retain a grimace. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter anyway. I’m still-”
“No coming in,” Anna said to Jo flatly. “You'll kick down the blanket fort or steal our games or fart or something.”
“No,” Castiel said. He’d almost hoped Ash might decide at the last moment to come, but there was no sign of him.
He grinned as Castiel rolled his eyes again and muttered something under his breath before resuming his task and switching to a new broom.
They smiled at each other, and jumped as the plant in Lisa’s arms roared loudly, both laughing at their shared moment of panic.
Dean was pushing his way through the crush of excited students. He looked up when he heard his name, and a large flower pot was dropped into his arms before he could register what was happening.
“Yes, the Ravenclaw team definitely deserves a little pride after coming in fourth last year, but I think we can all agree that Raphael Ware sure has made some significant improvements to the team since they became Captain! An interesting choice in Ambriel Tian for Seeker at the beginning of the year - a choice I thought would be the team’s downfall, but I’m glad she proved me wrong. A big kudos to you on that one, Ware.”
The night that Dean had meant to send his letter home, he’d gotten distracted by the mysterious door he’d discovered and by the time he’d left that strange room, he’d realized that he had to hurry back to the common room before lights out. The letter got sent the next day, after he’d dragged Garth along to show him
All throughout lunch Dean glanced over at the Gryffindor table to look at Jo, but she didn’t seem to be interacting with her House mates all that much today. He hoped he hadn’t forced a rain cloud over the rest of her day by making her talk about all that stuff.
Underneath it was a plate brimming with food. Steaming, hot food. It wasn’t Castiel’s favourite - just a big roast dinner, with meat and potatoes and Yorkshire puddings and parsnips and carrots - but it was hot and it was right in front of him and, for the first time in days, Castiel realised that he was hungry.
“Yes,” she said solemnly. “It’s magic. But it’s not a tracking spell. It’s… mind-reading.” She waved her fingers mysteriously, and Anna rolled her eyes.
Castiel turned quickly to see - not the policeman he’d been half-expecting to have to explain his presence to - but the one and only Dean Winchester, waving at him with an annoying little smile on his face.
“Minimization,” Dean muttered, picking up a knife and cutting the burger right down the center. “What an eldritch place, man.”
“Settle down, settle down!” called out Madam Hanscum, clapping her hands to settle the students in front of her. They were standing in three haphazard rows on the steps up to the top table in the Great Hall, a mixture of all four Houses. “Now, I know how excited you all are to be here, but let’s try to have some dignity, OK? I don’t want to see
So – so why, when he said it out loud now, did the words suddenly sound… different? As though they were not quite… well,
“It’s no one’s problem but mine. Anna and Jo already tried to… look, it doesn’t matter, anyway,” Hannah said, her jaw tight. They were outside the Potions classroom, now, the murk of the gloomy corridors settling strange, greenish shadows over her anxious, resolved expression. “You don’t owe me anything.”
, just because Dean had hit him in that weak spot of his – the Ravenclaw problem. People only had to mention it and Castiel still flew off the handle, and when the person doing the mentioning was Dean Winchester, well… in that case, the whole door flew off along with handle, too.
Professor Tran raised an eyebrow. She was expecting him to fail, Castiel realised. She was waiting for him to tell her he didn’t know. She wanted him taking down a peg or two.
Dean couldn’t hold back a laugh, watching Castiel skid to a stop in front of his own personal snow firing squad. The Gryffindor boy’s look of confusion turned to one of horror as snowballs began to rain on top of him.
Hannah grinned and sat down next to Philippe, taking the time to glance around at everyone that they’d crammed into the cart so far.
Castiel took the weight of Hannah’s arm in his hands. He couldn’t stop thinking about Jo, he needed to turn around, to check if she was alright – but Hannah, unaware of Jo’s plight, was focused entirely on Gordon. With the hand that was still flesh-and-blood, she gripped her wand tightly and pointed it straight at Gordon’s chest. He jerked back, but in the thin aisle, there was nowhere to go. He put his hands up slowly, dropping his wand.
Dean didn’t know much about that spell, but he’d heard it talked about, and especially joked about between students who would pretend to cast it, and the target would pretend to go into a stupor.
Gabriel blinked down at him, a complicated expression on his face that Castiel didn’t understand. Gabriel flicked a glance over at the Gryffindor table.
“I thought I saw something just now. On the way here. Like a… a big… a shadow of a big man or something, I don’t know. It was gone before I got a good look.” She looked more frightened than her words sounded.
For several long, long seconds, nobody moved. Nobody breathed. All around them, the very Forest itself seemed to clench itself in readiness.
He closed his eyes. He could see Dean Winchester’s smirking face, when Castiel had to admit that he had no idea how to make the potion - when he had to fail the exam by choice and leave the dungeon in shame. He could
“And finally,” Professor Novak’s voice rung throughout the classroom once more when there was just one paper left hovering in the air next to her. “A special congratulations to Mr. Novak for top marks. Five points to Gryffindor.”
Castiel shrugged his shoulders as he sat gingerly down in his usual place by the bar. An upbeat song was coming from the jukebox in the corner, but it was easy enough to tune out.
Dean was silent for a beat; Castiel could sense him working it out. Castiel, Gryffindor, under the table. Charlie, Slytherin, walking into the Great Hall.
Castiel frowned, thought for a moment, and then shook his head. If Charlie didn’t immediately think of the room on the seventh floor, and the Door inside it, then she didn’t know about it. It wasn’t the kind of thing you forgot.
“This is so cool!” He turned around towards Lisa and Castiel and posed. “How old do you think I am?”
“Well… yes,” he said. He’d picked up a few runic texts over the past few months, curious to see if any of the runes inside them would trigger a memory of what had been written on the Door. In doing so, he’d picked up a few things, just out of curiosity – and in the hope that he’d find them useful later. “Not much. A few things.”
No. That was stupid. Dean was as good at magic as Castiel. And Jo’s whole family were magical too, and she thought he belonged here.
Nothing could have been better than seeing the way that Gabriel’s jaw dropped. As he lowered the broom back to the table, Castiel caught sight of Dean Winchester rolling his eyes – but of course he’d be jealous, Castiel thought to himself with a little spike of triumph.
Well, I do. But it doesn’t really matter anymore. The whole thing got blown up a lot bigger than it ever should have been and now if I say sorry first, I lose.
Hannah shook her head. “You’re both terrible liars,” she said. “Get back in here, right now! Castiel, it’s potions time, come on - you can’t leave...” She blinked up at him owlishly, and Castiel relented.
Dean scooped up Castiel’s knife for him and gently tugged him back towards their shared room, and Castiel’s eyes never left Naomi until the door closed behind them.
“I didn’t ask to be turned, man,” Roy said, eyes still darting around the room, looking for an exit. “I’m just doing what I have to do.”
“You don’t need to, like, take her out,” she said. “You just need to get something on her, you know? Something that I can use. Her darkest secret. You guys must talk about stuff, up in that lame tower of yours. So if you give me something I can have on Jo, I’ll tell you everything I know about Dean Winchester. And believe me, if the things I’ve heard about you are true, you’re going to want to hear this.”
unexpected, but Castiel hadn’t quite allowed himself to dare to hope. They were sitting at the breakfast table, a shared one between all four Houses, since there were so few students staying over the holidays. Castiel, Hannah and Ash sat together, and the other two first years who’d remained were close by; Dean Winchester was chatting happily with Garth, who was laughing as he chewed on some toast. They looked happy, thought Castiel, watching them. For a brief second, he almost wanted to smile about that.
Wiping away the snow away from his eyes, Dean saw that Castiel’s face was a just a few inches from his own. Taking evasive action, Dean locked his legs around the Gryffindor’s and flipped them over while grabbing another big pile of snow.
“You might want to wash your hand, now,” he muttered in contempt, and turned back around to where Professor Mills was currently dismounting. If Castiel knew he’d just saved a
Not only that, but he also needed to try to find out about the room itself - what it was, who had created it, and whether it was safe.
“I’ll, uh,” Dean cleared his throat, “I’ll take the Jalapeno Bacon Burger and uh, Cas, you getting anything?”
Castiel took a step back, his wand hanging loosely by his side. This was a puzzle, a riddle. The symbols seemed to float off the wood, twirling in the air, laughing at him.
Castiel didn’t completely understand that joke, but he understood from Gabriel’s wink that it was almost certainly something he didn’t
Dean made a dramatic gagging noise and made sure to roughly bump shoulders with Castiel as he walked out of the Hospital Wing, and headed back down to his common room.
Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak are starting to settle into their lives at Hogwarts. The students are all looking forward to Halloween and the first match of the Quidditch season with great excitement. However, Castiel still finds it difficult to come to terms with the results of his Sorting, and Dean's having trouble adjusting to some of the strange and magical ways of the castle, despite his natural talent in class.
Castiel groaned to himself, and sure enough, the next thing he knew there was an arm around his neck and he was being squeezed tightly under his brother Gabriel’s arm.
And so, at twelve o’clock as instructed, he went to Naomi’s office. When he tapped on the door, she immediately called him in.
“I’d kinda hoped you’d changed again,” Dean said, staring up at the large letter H that was carved into the keystone of it. “But you didn’t. So, it looks like this is probably your final form.”
“Efforts? You mean you’re actually capable of making an effort at something?” Castiel said, laying on the sarcasm. “I’m shocked.”
“I stopped being friends with Dean Winchester,” he said, because she looked gentler than usual and because he wanted, desperately, for a grown-up to be able to take his problem and make it better by being bigger and wiser and all the things they always acted like they were. He wanted Naomi to tell him how to apologise when he didn’t know what he’d done wrong. He wanted her to tell Dean he had to explain himself. He wanted her to wave her wand and make it all go away.
“I—are you sure? I mean, that doesn’t seem very professional, and—” Sam said quickly, cutting her off. Her eyebrow quirked.
And in it—in it all—he heard himself. He heard the murmurs of the story twisting round and pressing, the truth of it, the fact of it.
Sam took the cup in his hands, looking at Cas and his brother. Dean was staring at his as if it were going to leap up and swallow him instead of the other way around, and Cas was examining the ceramic. Sam took a breath and drank.
But all three were looking at him intensely, waiting for the other shoe to drop; now that Cas had said something Dean and Sam could see it clearly on his face, something unsaid in the lines of the boy's mouth.
“…hello?” came her irritated drawl. “I swear if this is you punks callin’ to ask about my tits again I’m gonna call your mothers.”
Dimly he was aware of one gentle movement in the corner—Sam, placing his hand on Castiel's shoulder; Castiel, reaching up to touch it where it lay.
"Now, you gotta place that weight of yours, put it all in your legs, alright? Not your back. You put it in your back you'll throw it all out. You just walk with the rest of us and settle it all in your feet and you'll be fine. When we hold you plant em', alright? Don't let it move you for nothing."
' Yada yada, okay, buddy, get to the good stuff.” Dean scrolled his finger down the page, searching for words that might leap out at him.
Across town, under dawn, unseen by any soul, a body slipped ashore on a moonlit bank of the river, one star-crossed palm turned upwards in the mud, facing the lengthening sky.
“We shouldn't stay out too long,” Sam said, but without any firmness in his voice. He was staring at it, at the smoky suggestion of the rain beginning to fall up ahead from its vast underbelly.
,” he bit out. “But if I hear one whisper of something happening because you were too pansy to take care of it, it’s on you, and I’m not going to wait for him to decide.” He wheeled on Yann, eyes dark. “Listen up, I don’t usually
“You don’t even know what I’m gonna say,” Bobby said gruffly. “Now, listen to me, because you’re not going to believe it, but there’s not a lick of hellfire or brimstone in this. Not one hair of it. It’s nothing but the ‘fruit of the vine’ and ‘good will to men;' harvests, plants blooming out of season, neighbors shaking hands, the whole works. Which to me sounds a lot like what you boys are lookin' at.”
Dean parked the car and the three of them stepped out, hesitating in front of the house that seemed to be the center of everything, the clearing and the grove buzzing with insects and mosquitos. A rabbit flung itself from the underbrush, scaring all of them, tearing off into the swamp.
They came to the top floor of her complex, a shady, grubby building, and she led them up to her door, fidgeting around in her bra for her keys. She pulled a roll of bills out and then tucked them back in, unlocking the door and shoving her shoulder into it.
Now what did they have? Just a little more of the same old story. A wedding, now. What the hell did that even mean? And it was still there, the lingering question none of them had been brave enough to broach or admit to—what it all had to do with Dean.
Upon receiving word of Mathilda's last wish, where they were spending a week at the Grand Canyon, Sam and Dean and Castiel agreed without much hesitation that they would accept the things outlined in her will. Dean complained that he had always wanted to be the one to build their home, but Cas and Sam soothed him without much effort. A house already built on love, and lived in well, would suit them just fine.
“Work until my hands won't anymore,” she said, smiling gently up at him. “And Yann will have it for his wedding. It's a good tablecloth for a wedding.”
Yes, an avalanche. That was the word for it. They were shy until the door opened, eyes lowered and feet scuffling, gazes darting, smiles trading. Lights on, fuzzing, flickering, fluorescent. The number 16 in faux brass on the wood of the door. The metal buffer of where the concrete met the carpet, the gentle snick of the outside world sealing off, and Dean's hand on his waist.
“Oh, just the dreams,” she said, nonchalant, cocking out her hip as she stirred the hamburger in the pan. “Strange dreams. Nothin' more'n what I'm used to, of course, but more important this time round. Dreams about all kinds of people, but mostly you three and Grand-mère. She tells me all the rules.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he half-laughed, following Dean with his eyes as he trailed out of the kitchen and into the hallway.
Though he wasn’t hungry, Cas delighted in the idea of stopping and being able to stretch his stiff leg and shake out the kernel of anticipation still tumbling around inside of him. He rubbed at his knee, the muscles burning where he’d torn them, itching slightly under the bandage. Dean popped his gum obnoxiously, the sweet flavor having waned into the dull taste of toothpaste, watching for exit signs and fidgeting every few seconds.
He sighed, running a hand over his face and through his hair. What was he doing? It wasn't as if it was the first time he'd ever called a girl. He was almost thirty years old, for Christ's sake. He shouldn't be feeling butterflies knocking about inside his stomach at the prospect of dialing Lily Francis' number.
“I don’t mind doing them,” Sam said, looking down at the mess of china plates and glasses and heavy steel forks. He glanced at his brother and shrugged. “I mean, it would probably help her out, right?”
“I can tell,” Cas chuckled, moving his shoulder slightly back to kiss him. Dean’s eyes shut and he hooked his thumbs through Cas’ belt loops, kissing him soft and sweetly, both of them hesitating to do much more. Cas stroked the backs of his hands and rolled his head back against Dean’s shoulder, drifting with him to the music, letting it carry them like boats on the current.
“Well.” Corinthian breathed out a black stream of smoke. “Very rarely—and not so much these days—sometimes we take...mementos. Very small things, you know, things that won't be missed.”
His eyes drifted closed and she moved her hands to his shoulders, turning him around to face the embankment. He took a breath.
"You got a good stance, know how to keep your feet planted. That'll help when we're puttin' up that wall. As for you and you—" He looked at Sam and Castiel with interest. "I'd say sheet rock for the tall one and you wouldn't be too hard pressed to help Frank over there finish settin' those windows."
She smiled, fingers gently brushing against the soft blue petals in the display. “Passing through, then?” She left the flowers and shuffled, careful of her hips, into the pew beside him. “What can I do for you?”
“Right then,” she said with pride, sizing him up. Her old weathered hand patted his chest, smoothed over the fabric.
David clicked his tongue, resigned. “Ain't much.” He knocked back the rest of his whiskey in one, too worn out to care about making it last. “Ghost. Drowned, as far as I can tell. Name of Sandra Eadie, judgin' from the obits and the area. From about the fifties, I'd say. Ain't got nothin' big by way of backstory, not too many records kept around here, not sure why she drowned. All I got is about four bodies in the morgue downtown, all of 'em drowned, all of 'em,
“Come here,” Cas said, and then again, softer, his legs rubbing at the sheets. He chuckled. “Come here. I’m cold.”
Sheriff Earl Jones was an honest man. He was prone to giving the benefit of the doubt, as well, but it didn’t take much convincing once they showed him the baseball.
“So strange havin' y'all here after watchin' you so long. You know, it’s so exciting,” she whispered, in the wake of their staring silence. “It really is. You’ve all done so well. You’ve come so far and learned all the lessons.”
“You know.” Sam didn't complete the thought until they were leaving, walking across the parking lot to the car. “What's up with you guys?”
“Thanks,” Sam whispered, and Dean touched his shoulder, squeezing affectionately. It was only now in the wake of everything that it seemed possible, that things could
In unison they went up front to pay, and then filed out of Marlene's. The sun was just rising in earnest, painting everything in thin yellow light, and Greenacre was waking up along with the light, neon
Dean left, then, ducking out into the pouring rain, without a word; the door fell shut, sealing out the sound of the rain, and left Sam and Cas alone.
Nate nodded and leaned back in his chair, folding his hands over his flat stomach, thumbs caught in the straps of his suspenders. So old-fashioned, Sam thought.
was safe. He was with the two people who mattered most to him in the world, and what was safer than that?
Wordlessly, Cas laid his head against Dean’s thigh, leaning into his leg. He sat there on the floor and closed his eyes, breathing, waiting for him to gather himself, and speak.
A drop of laughter spilled, crystalline and childlike and heavy with satisfaction, with something so light that Dean couldn’t help but reach for it through the haze of satisfaction. His mouth, catching it, asking, and so lovingly obliged.
He tossed Sam the keys to the Impala and the three of them folded into the car, the engine purring under Sam's body. He muttered, briefly, an explanation of what Matsu Kami had said—Missouri, vague as it was—and then pulled out of the motel parking lot, windshield wipers skidding across the glass.
"We gotta find a way to get that damn book and get out of here," he hissed, and Cas broke his eyes away from a lampshade with tinkling crystal beads hanging from it. Sam stared at a skull on the mantle with ruby eyes and a heavy black box beside it.
A text from Sam pulled them out under the rusted portico into a mist that settled like spirit breath on the village, shrouding the hilltops. Bobby had called, asked them for a favor, a little distraction, if they could afford it. A case, a hunt, in a town called Hartman to the east.
that y'all see it through to the end. That you get down there and you find that book and you hear what the world's tryin' to tell you.”
As Dean was signing in, and handing over his credit card, he glanced at the young man's hands while he went about charging.
The story always said how the catfish came out of the water, but it never explained how much it hurt to get in.
The three of them shuffled out the door, Sam burying a toothpick in his mouth, chewing it more out of habit than necessity, none of them thinking about the sudden scrape of shoes on the concrete behind them and the clang of the door falling shut as someone else left. Dean fished around for his keys, keeping a close eye on Cas as he hobbled around the front of the Impala, standing patiently on the other side, waiting for Dean to unlock it. He leaned against the door and stared out across the highway to the river – the street lights had come on and the water sparkled in the artificial glow from the park. A flock of birds trembled out of a tree, their silhouettes melting in with the darkness, wings flapping and marring what little starlight could be seen as they went careening off into the thickets across the water.
“Fucking – overjoyed?” Sam exhaled, rubbing his nose. “Really freaking proud, and happy, and, yeah, just—like—” He shrugged his huge shoulders, palms up in disbelief. “You guys look great, I mean—
Dean sat up straight, the motel mattress creaking under him. Cas shifted, sighing, and Dean stared at the drapes. He couldn’t see them, but he knew they were there. He tensed, waiting.
She trailed off, as if unsure of herself, and turned away from him again, hands lying nervous in her lap, looking out at the farmhouse. Sam settled into his seat, and looked at the house as well—it seemed somehow detached from them in the cab of the truck. The entire world seemed one step removed, and for the first time that night Sam thought it had nothing to do with the fact that Lily Francis was as gorgeous as she was. It was something to do with what she was saying.
Dean balked, turning to Cas, whose eyes were fixed on their hostess. Sam too, was genuinely interested. Dean mopped the last bit of chicken divan off of his plate with the crust of his bread, and resigned himself to agreeing.
“I've—you're my last option,” he said, refusing to look at any of them. “Like I said, it's been two months. I've had time to look into things, you know? I mean, I guess I'm lucky for being such a—
Cas frowned, chin pulling down. He watched a beetle dart over the surface of the shallows, leaving ripples in its wake. “You know angels, Dean. Does this sound like angels to you?”
He closed his eyes against the glare of the drifting sun, against the world, afraid for that strange moment.
“When y'all leave here, you head for New Orleans. You're gonna be looking for a bokor woman. You know, voudon. Most everyone calls her Madame Olivia, full name Olivia Delacroix, and you’d be wise to show her the utmost respect. She's a very important woman, and she’s got a lot of important things in her possession, includin’ that book y'all are after.”
It was just shy of ten o’clock in the morning and they had hours to burn as they walked up the block. The ancient buildings drooped in the heat, but the painted glass windows were clean and well maintained – the sidewalk was swept and there were huge barrels of flowers stationed by the two or three lampposts.
They'd toe-nailed the bottom of the wall to the already standing posts, but these would have to be knocked out and a jack would be kicked under it to raise the wall up a few inches into place so the anchor bolts could be drilled in. This was perhaps the trickiest part—exchanging the weight to the jack while keeping the wall square. There was a lot relying on the ten men—five on each side of the wall—to brace it.
Lily Francis kept her cell phone tucked beneath her hand and against her knee beneath the table that night, and every night that followed.
She pressed her lips together and scratched at her hand nervously, and Cas’ eyes tracked the movement, catching sight of something peculiar. A star etched on her palm. He couldn’t tell if it was a tattoo or not, but she felt his gaze and pressed her palm to her leg.
“The man himself,” David replied, his voice a gruff drawl and thick with drink. He stuck out a bony hand to them across the sticky table. “You're the hunters Bobby sent over, I'm assumin'.”
To his relief the chatter of the kingfishers fell away almost as soon as they pulled into the drive.
“Just so,” Matsu Kami said, gesturing fluidly with his old and powerful hands. “It has been a long time waiting, the weight in his heart. It gave him what he needed. He let it all go.”
Dean snorted, unconvinced. “Yeah, I'll bet. She's a Riverlander. This is like their Rapture or something, of course she's gonna think it's good.”
“That’s good,” he whispered. “So good, Dean.” He arched towards the circle of Dean’s fist and breathed again.
“Well, we’ll see how long it lasts,” Dean sighed, picking a direction. They traveled down the midway, past the booths, past people calling out in advertisement of candied apples or funnel cakes or fried peach pies. Dean’s stomach growled and he shook his head; he’d had a huge lunch and he was still starving. He blamed the simply amazing smells and shrugged the hunger off.
On September eighteenth of what would come to be known as the Columbine Summer, a phenomenal blossoming of
It seemed that the night was drawing itself thin for them—not a hint of dawn to be seen yet, though they were sure it was past midnight, but of all the miracles they had seen this perhaps would have been the least surprising, a twilight pushing time aside in their honor. It seemed the sort of thing to be done on a wedding night.
His words twanged pleasantly in their ears and, for a moment, Dean almost truly trusted him. He was an easy-going man; what he lacked in words he made up in expression; his eyes told everything he felt very plainly.
on your mind?” Nate asked, chuckling, walking back to her, placing his hands on her round shoulders. He could see her little pretty mouth was pressed tightly together. Her curls brushed against his cheek as he placed his chin on the crown of her head, watching her cook.
The Galilee dance hall was nothing more than a repurposed gymnasium in the back of the First Baptist church. They’d ripped up the basketball court and put down hardwood dance floor and done up the walls and kept the industrial sized kitchen off to one side. Before that, Sugar told them, it had been in a barn, but like most other things that were lost in Galilee it had been lost to a flood some years back.
“I’m afraid we don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sam said, covering up his brother’s bristling.
The sun had been stealthily slipping below the horizon for some time and was behind them, the sky ahead soft and smudged, the first freckled stars beginning to appear, faint and washed out by the lavender shadows the sunset was casting.
“Cas!” he called, stopping only a moment with Sam breathing hard behind him before picking up again, hurling himself down the levee, risking broken ankles over the jagged rocks, but Cas didn't even turn his head.
They followed her down the winding back hall, all three of them. Dean at her heels, and Castiel holding his hand; as they neared the back window, looking out over the bayou, Cas reached back, swallowing, and found the edge of Sam's sleeve, and held that, too.
“As much as you don't want to believe it,” he said, after a long and stubborn silent minute, “good things
“Don’t you go telling me things like that. Don’t you go tying me down,” she said. “You just call me when you get a mind. I’ll write my number down for you and if you ever think about it, you just call me. That’ll be that.”
They didn't say anything else for a very long time, and she heard him breathing, heard distant cicadas, knew that she was listening to the same night at the other end of the river, that the moon she could glimpse through the slats of the blinds was the same one that hung over him. Perhaps a little yellower with swamp air, or dazed by the noise of the crickets.
He dug a little more, feeling inside the pockets of dress shirts and the folded jeans, until he found what he was looking for—another debit card receipt, this one with a smudged and scrawled telephone number and smiling face where the tip was meant to be written in—from the handwriting he assumed it was a woman's—and under
“Yeah?” Dean drawled, pulling Cas’ cock gently. Cas exhaled a laugh; Dean was nudging at that place inside of him that made everything fireflies.
There was the soft sound of the mattress and Cas’ bare feet padding across the floor. He paused, crouched down, knees on the cool floor, and touched Dean’s knee.
Sam didn't say anything. When Dean glanced over at him, he saw what looked like a smirk on his brother's mouth, and scowled.
He lifted the cup to his lips and took a small sip, eyes closing. He smiled and replaced it on the table, motioning for them to do the same.
“I was in the middle of a job, you know. Massive explosion in New Jersey. Really not a good time.” The reaper looked him up and down; he seemed unimpressed by what he saw. “Angel.”
“Got to tend to your brother myself, I think. Make sure he don’t go jumpin’ out of his skin on us,” Olivia finished.
It was a strange day they passed there on the ridge; none of them knew quite what to do with themselves in a house without anything to research or suss out.
Cas was standing in the middle of the floor, taking it all in, and when he turned to face Dean he was smiling, gently.
“What the hell, then?” Dean griped. He was getting tired of constantly wondering how the hell everything was connected.
Buried in his task was a peace, an inviting silence. Nothing thrashed or trembled; nothing rolled or kicked. There were only his feet on the ground and the exact knowledge of where he was in that firm moment. The world may have shifted around him, may have thrown the wind against him, but he would have stood.
“What?” Sam said, shrugging. “I had some time to kill before we left the motel. I hacked the database. Fixed things up. Made everything cheaper for her.”
There was a dull click on the other end as Bobby hung up, and Dean slowly flipped his phone shut and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Madame Olivia told them to take a seat in the room there, a dark close room with dusty drapes and sallow lamplight, and then she wandered off elsewhere again. For a few brief moments they were left alone.
“I don’t have a dad or anything,” he continued. “It was just me and Mamma, and she can’t afford her medication without me, so please—” He pressed his hand into the table again. “Please understand, if she weren’t here, I promise I would have already killed myself.”
Neither Sam nor Cas indulged him. After all this time, they were well-adjusted to feeling out the danger of a place by the instinct in their bones, and there was nothing even remotely threatening about this house. Dean's paranoia was beginning to grate a little on both of them.
Dean shook his head slowly from side to side, eyes dazed and sad. He didn't look at him. Almost as if he couldn't bear to.
“Nate?” she called after him calmly, and Nate set the plates down on the table, the red-checked tablecloth a bit smudged in the watery shadow of the half-drawn shades.
He was drunk on the sight of him, the feel of him when he finally drew his cock into his mouth, alive and full. His fingers smoothed over Cas’ hips, keeping him still for the moment, anticipating the sudden jerk from the body beneath him. Dean kept him buried in his mouth and breathed, pulled off, circled the head, slid down again, eyes opening to glance up at the face of his husband. Cas was staring at him, hands clenching on the sheets, opening and coming to rest on the back of his head. His pink mouth was slack and his red chest rose with every pull of Dean’s lips over him.
“Your basic American town – a little bit of industry. Some factories came in the late eighties and before that it was all farming community. They used to mine a ton of lead, though – like a
There was a dock that stood out over the tiny fishing lake—more of a pond, really, now that Dean was closer. The old wood looked about as stable as the cabin, which wasn't saying much in its favor. He paused where it met the damp grass and came to a stop, rubbing at his eyes.
The next morning they sat in a mutual stupor of motel coffee and lazy bones until the sun was halfway into the sky, and Sam had gone through every single article in Yann's binder. He'd been exhausting Google as well, all morning, and just as Dean was starting to stir for lunch and Cas was starting to feel fully awake, he closed his laptop and rubbed his eyes and said, “Okay.”
Dean sat down on the dock behind him, legs settling to frame Cas', and his arms twined around his waist, just as the angel had imagined. He smiled. Dean was a warm and solid press at his back; he let his chin settle into the curve of Castiel's shoulder and Castiel leaned back into him, their bodies conforming perfectly to one another, both of them watching the river run by.
The clasp of the suspenders was warm in his fingers; Cas tucked his thumbs beneath the straps and held them up for him, and carefully he tried to pry it open to fit it against the hem of Castiel's trousers.
“Okay—so,” Sam said, immediately sitting down on the stiff mattress of his bed and taking the journal from Dean, “from what I can see...it's only about half-filled. The last bunch of pages are empty. So I can—read through most of it, try to see why it ended up here, maybe?” He looked up at Dean and Cas, waiting for approval; Cas nodded, and Dean simply stared at the leather-bound papers. “Maybe he'll mention Porter's book.”
Perhaps too quickly, he paused; he set down the bottle of Jack Daniels and stood for a moment, eyes shifting from side to side across his kitchen, as if sussing out the presence of someone hidden; but of course only birds sang in the hazy sunlight outside, and nothing leapt at him from the corners of his kitchen. Only the fact that he had not dreamed that night.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw blood welling to the surface of a welt on Dean's back, and without knowing what he was doing he reached out, touched it, smeared it away. Dean flinched, and did not turn his head.
“I’m concerned,” Cas said simply, after Sam was done unloading, watching Dean open the door and then stop, remembering his brother and his angel and holding it open. “It's a little odd.”
Cas grumbled something, and Dean stared at the screen. He didn’t realize he’d sunk to the bed till the mattress squeaked, and Cas sat up, squinting at him over his shoulder.
Nate Byrne’s violin floated back through the air, sweet, trembling largo, and Castiel found Dean’s hand. They abandoned the gifts on a table, grateful but unconcerned. The tightness of their clothes was bordering on the unbearable, everything pressing in, not open enough, not naked enough.
“You take care of yourself, David,” Dean murmured, holding his hand out for the older hunter to take. They shook. “You call if you ever need anything.”
Dean smiled, tearing off a piece of the chicken and holding out for Cas to take. Dean ate his own piece, leaning between Cas’ legs where he sat on the counter, head back against the upper cabinets.
“Well, now,” she said, moving carefully to her own seat. “I do suppose you'd like to know what's going on, in plain words.”
Dean nudged Cas' shoulder, just a little, and when Cas turned his face to him he leaned across the space between them and kissed him.
Dean’s bare-tooth smile, biting his shoulder, his arm, shoved off again, greeted with an empty chastisement. Cas went tripping into the weedy grass, ambling along, wondering at the birds above and the tilt of the cypress branches, the perfume of columbine at the river edge, the swollen din of toads and crickets.
"It's a table cloth," she explained. "It's nothing. They're not interested, Yann, don't be so pushy."
For a moment he wondered why this was happening now, of all places. Wondered why it felt like his first kiss all over again, when it most certainly wasn't.
While the scattered conversations leading up to stopping in that small slice of nowhere were filled with the charm of casual debates on where to sleep and eat, one could speculate it was really nothing more than the river’s will that landed them in that little valley.
The huge verandah porch was occupied by a rocking chair, and a large hand painted sign in French and English was tacked to the wall beside the door: "Welcome.
"Mamma," Yann said, attempting to sound annoyed, and she hushed him, continuing to scrape the rest of the casserole onto Yann's plate.
Dean cut the engine and the night sounds swelled, filling the mute space the Impala had left. They sat, hypnotized.
with their easy stances and confident walks, even though their pant legs were dusty and their shirttails were messily hanging over their jeans. Strolling along, tossing out experimental dirty words and chittering like monkeys at the results.
A few minutes after he'd gone, in the stifling silence that leached into the room, Dean mumbled something about taking a shower and vanished into the claustrophobic bathroom.
He'd kept count for the first ten years, kept a tally of his hunts in a tiny field notebook in his pocket, but after eleven years he'd lost the heart. Therefore he had no idea where the ghost in Hartman, Kentucky fell in his ledger, but he knew the number was higher than he'd have ever liked.
“Obviously,” Sam marveled, looking around in awe. It was so strange – sort of ridiculous, actually – to see small human accoutrements among the destruction. A stack of paperback novels on the mantle, a hooded jacket on a peg over on the far wall, newspapers scattered on the table and a fork standing in an empty can of Chef Boyardee ravioli on one of the counters.
His hands stuttered over the edges, desperate to eat up more of the story, starving for it, flying through it as if it were the only thing there was to know, the only thing that mattered, the only thing that had ever mattered, and he wasn't even aware of the hot blur of tears clouding his vision and cascading down his face in shameless streams until he heard an intake of breath across the room that he would recognize to his dying day, the sound of Castiel and his human lungs, and on the end of that tender-taken breath he looked up and met his eyes and
Cas wanted to break first. He wanted to save Dean that at least; if anyone could have him, let it be Dean. Let Dean split him wide, let him cleave him in two, shatter him. "Please," Cas hissed, imploring, and Dean shook his head. "Fuck me, take me—"
Cas accepted the Dean Winchester brand of apology for what it was and allowed himself to be led around the perimeter of the gym.
"Three white boys!" She laughed, a witchy sound. "Yes, three white boys on my porch lookin' for a book! I know this one!"
Dean was extremely apprehensive about parking the Impala in the field where he had been directed. Trucks and teenagers were everywhere, leaning against the jacked, mud-stained wheels and staring at the classic car as if it had literally dropped down from another planet. A few of the more confident kids came closer, peering in at the three men with interest. Dean narrowed his eyes at them and cut the engine, swinging the door open and getting out before they could draw nearer.
but as soon as he shifted to turn on his side and do just that, Dean moved, pushed himself further towards the edge of the bed, and he heard him mutter, “For God's sake, go to sleep, Cas.”
“Are we going to be able to get down the rise in that?” he said, and Dean followed his gaze to the thick smoky whiteness blurring the world outside.
His eyelashes fluttered, catching on Dean’s shoulder. He could see his freckles in the undisturbed daylight. Gold and brown flecks down his arms.
“She said the trees are in a grove on the east side of town facing the water and that it’s like a park or something. There’s a little tea house nearby and the guy that runs it takes care of them.”
” and couldn't even pause to wonder at how he'd never said those words in his life before Dean was fair biting at the corner of his mouth hissing “I know, I will, God, babe—” and the stroke of him the weight of him the desperation of him pulling Cas over some high unattainable stratosphere—
“Well, you saw that ridge to the west, right? Big old rise? Well, that’s about half an hour out of town, way back, towards the river, but if you go up there, I guarantee that someone will have a light on.”
It nosed at the pillows and dragged its heavy paws along the sheets, leaving deep dents in the mattress and no soft spaces for their frantic limbs. It snarled at the treat before it, the slash of their red flesh, flushed full of blood; it had come in the witching hour, the haunted time before dawn, unexpected, uninvited, now, the black-furred darkness, blurring their forms, blinding them.
Sam worried at the inside of his cheek. The old land god had said that they would find where they were supposed to go. That they’d end up there somehow. Maybe this was a sign.
“Dean, get away from the window...people are gonna think you’re a…” There was stifled yawn as Sam adjusted. “Pervert.”
, and wasn’t it? The resurgent memory, buried deep in his soul, the sleeping light born madly from the deep black void, the velvet silence at the beginning of all beginnings, in the time before all times.
“Is that him?” he said, and Sam shook his head loose of flowers, Cas curling his fingers around a bloom and then letting it go to the wind again. They all trained their eyes to the feeble frame of an old, old man moving slowly between the trees, carrying a pair of heavy shears under one arm. He stopped, lifting them up over his head, and snipped, pruning meticulously at the branches dripping with flowers above him.
Wet slipped from Cas' trembling lashes. A breath, a reedy noise, some sound of relief at the words he had wanted to hear, had been dying over and over to hear, escaped Cas. He had asked. He would receive. He would receive all of it.
“Not necessarily,” Cas said, rubbing salt from his fingers; he watched as the boy took long gulps of chocolate milk, the small plate of hash browns he’d ordered untouched, the ketchup a red smear on top. Dean turned back to the angel and narrowed his eyes, tongue digging food from his teeth. He crammed another bite into his mouth and refused to look back over his shoulder. Cas was distracted enough for the two of them, pecking at his plate and casting his melancholy eyes at the stranger’s back.
They had taken a wrong exit and ended up dumped in the heart of the town, stopping and starting at the numerous traffic signals, searching for the road that would lead them to the river crossing.
“Let go,” Cas said, threat rumbling in the back of his voice. Behind the kitchen door the cooks and waiters were crowding into the threshold, staring at them, murmuring to themselves.
“Yann—” Dean rasped; the boy’s elbow was pinching his throat. “Yann, buddy, you’re killin’ me here.”
“You guys—I'm really, really proud of you guys,” Sam said, fighting now not to cry—it was so overwhelming, the mere idea of it, that within hours his brother and his best friend would be
At the word 'deaths' on her own lips she crumpled a little, and sat back down in her wicker chair, letting her hands rest in the crevasse of her black skirt between her thighs.
“I suppose I'm just confused,” Cas added, then. He shrugged his shoulders back. “I'm not sure how—how we're getting on. What's alright to do and not do.”
A shiver took his body, and Dean's arm around his waist; and held there, looking up into the universe under which he was, at last, what he was meant to be—with such joy in his heart that he could hardly believe it real, Castiel began to laugh.
“Let me,” Cas murmured. He slipped off his seat and down onto the tile with Dean, knelt there naked with him, and picked up one of the other towels from the floor. Gently he scrubbed at Dean's face, catching droplets from his hair, dewy brightness from his lashes.
There was a clatter behind the kitchen door, louder than usual in the empty echoing restaurant, and all three looked that way as it swung open and a boy who couldn't have been older than thirteen came out with a wobbling tray in his hands and toddled towards their table, apparently very unsure of where to put his feet.
Cas smiled uncertainly, still unsure of the lie they were selling. “It's—our pleasure,” he said quietly. Sam and Dean were already awkwardly navigating the musical chairs of who-would-sit-where.
Dubois was one of those places that Dean swore they’d been to before—he just couldn’t remember when. From out of the swathe of deep green trees rose a dozen church spires into the blue. Had they not been arguing about where the next interchange was, they might have heard the bells tolling from the white capped towers, vibrating through the air, mingling with the sounds of cicadas and sighing traffic.
“Maybe not,” Cas said, and the brothers looked at him. He clamped his mouth shut as if he'd said too much and promptly began to study a light-post across the street.
Really, he thought, the only good thing to come out of all this so far—that is, the only thing to make him feel remotely better about the circumstances—was the situation with Cas. The touch of him. Kissing him. The night before, that sudden little surge of affection between them, that had been alright. That had been more than alright. It had been good. It had been
we start talking real world,” Dean had replied sourly, the accelerator whirring. “Why couldn’t it have been global warming, I don’t know, two towns ago? Before people started calling me a
Lily whistled, long and low. “Of course. Everybody's heard of him. Kinda hard to grow up in this town without knowing about Amos Porter.”
They stood there a while longer without saying anything. To Dean's surprise no pall fell on their good moods despite the awkward conversation, the awkward situation.
Cas followed, his legs and hips jostling against Dean's, and they huffed laughs as they rearranged, trying to find the best position to lie down. Somewhere in the confusion Cas turned his head and kissed Dean, slow and full, on the mouth, and all their movement stilled.
“I only wanted to say,” Cas said, turning around to face him once the buckle was in place, “that—I am extraordinarily blessed to be counted as your brother.”
“They’ve only got ten stores. She can’t be that hard to find,” Sam mused, looking up and down the little strip of street. A small grocery and drug, a hardware store, a barber-shop, a bank and a post office looked back at him. None of them were really closed, but there were a lot of drawn shades. It was exactly what you would have expected of a drowsy late-summer morning in a town as small as that one: deserted. Had the girl not explained away the absence of the men it would be easy to blame it on the heat.
Cas leaned forward in the back seat, pressing his cheek against Dean's headrest, and when Sam glanced over in the rear-view mirror he saw the angel's hand on his brother's shoulder, and Dean's fingers gently placed over them, rubbing a little circle on the back of Cas' knuckles.
She turned and bustled back into her shop, the door clattering, and Dean groaned, rubbing his forehead.
"You okay?" Dean asked, forearms resting on his knees. His hair drooped over his forehead and he was flushed from laboring.
Dean sat up, yawned; his eyelids felt heavy, content. Cas turned his head a little toward the sound of him and said, softly, “Good morning.”
When they opened the door to the wedding bedroom it didn't make a sound, and it seemed that the whole house filled with breath, everything dim and lacy with early luminescence, and if their feet made any noise upon the stairs, then it was only the sound of old timbers settling, under the tread of much-beloved weight.
“Well hey there!” she called cheerfully to the crowd. “Sure is dark!” She laughed, staring around theatrically. “I’m about blind as a fish in the mud! How about we light a few lamps up here, Andrew!”
There was a pause, and Dean opened his eyes, Cas peering down at him, lips rounded with kissing, the edges a hazy pink in the late night. He felt careful fingers push back his hair and frame his face and Cas bent down to kiss him again, thumbing at his cheekbones. The kiss was brief and Dean followed Cas with his eyes as he pulled back again, still stroking his face.
“I'm gonna fidget out of my mind if we don't get a lead soon,” Dean had said, later that night, after several hours of all three of them flipping through newspapers, the binder, Google pages, and phone books. “Birds and floods, who the hell are we supposed to talk to about that? God, usually there's, you know,
Hand traveling down Cas’ neck, and his mouth followed, tongue and lips, not the slightest scrape of teeth, and Cas moaned and sighed, pushed his body against the wanderings of Dean’s palms.
“What do you think I do here all day? You think I lounge around? No, it’s done. The ones that gonna come gonna come.”
The wind wandered with them, blowing them back towards the house sometime after. Time was strange there. An hour or a minute, it was all the same after a while.
Cas laughed, softly, and turned his head finally from the sky and the lights to the orchard, now nothing but the silhouettes of treetops against the darker black. Most of the pickers were gone; it was too dark to see the fruit, now, and he could just barely see a few workers breaking down the table with the cash box on it.
“Mashwarohn,” she said, turning her face to Dean, and he straightened. “How much of that book did you read?”
“He seemed pretty worked up about something,” Dean said, voice a little lower, a little more demanding, than it should have been. “You sure it was nothing?”
on not being a part of this world, but.” He shrugged. “We are all part of this world. It was merely a choice of whether or not I would be good or bad.”
Sam was the last to move out onto the porch, and as he was waiting to file out behind Cas Mathilda snagged his arm, just briefly, and pushed something into his arms.
It feels like Castiel is given whiplash. He has to think for a minute, switching gears. Dean’s patient as he waits, just playing with Castiel’s curls and smiling a secret smile that makes Castiel feel bubbly inside.
“Aren’t we all?” She throws an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and smiles at him. There’s no pity or concern or any other annoying emotion. It’s just a smile. Genuine. Refreshing. “Let me guess, you’re here to learn about your security?”
of dignity, but it gets more and more difficult as time goes on, sir fucking into his throat until he gags, spit frothing around the edges of sir's cock and spilling over his lips, making him slurp and gulp to try and contain it all.
“I-” Castiel pauses, a sort of grief passing over his expression. “I went with the most believable. I said you killed yourself.”
“I honestly have no idea. But, he usually sleeps in, and I could really use a real conversation at the moment.”
A soft hand rests on the spot between Castiel’s shoulder blades. Firm. Steady. Reassuring. The bowl of yogurt, granola, and berries is put in front of him. Dean settles his lips just an inch from Castiel’s left ear, making Castiel shiver from his breath.
“Jesus, Dean.” John turns, dragging his hand along a tool bench and sending the tools flying across the room. Dean flinches, his mind flickering to the sound of a whip in the air, a jar of oil thunking against the floor making the same noise as the second after a whip hits, when the crack echoes in the empty room of his cell.
“You won’t hurt me, Cas.” Dean tries to pull back from Castiel, having to fight him a little first because of his tight grip. When Castiel realizes he’s not trying to leave, just trying to move away enough to look him in the eye, Castiel loosens his hold on him. Dean carefully wipes away each tear on Castiel’s face, whispering assurances as he goes.
Dean still has money left over from Castiel - plenty of money - but he doesn’t want to use it. The idea of being reliant on Castiel financially doesn’t sit right with Dean. Plus, it’d be nice to keep it for emergencies.
It takes Dean a full minute of standing in the hall, just staring at the sliver of light coming from the room before it processes.
“Kneel for me, Castiel,” Dean orders, making sure his voice is steady and controlled. Making sure every part of him is like that. It’s his duty to be the strong, reliable one. Castiel needs to be able to trust and depend on him. Dean has to be the constant in this moment.
“Kind of.” He shrugs, looking at his friends. His cheeks go dark with a blush. It’s adorable, especially when compared to his usual confident demeanor. His friends are all smirking at him. Rolling his eyes, Benny looks back at me in exasperation and adds, “Couples do it. And, like, people… with crushes, and stuff. But that doesn’t have to be - I mean, friends do it too. It’s not a big deal. If you want. You don’t have to. Just if you want to. Wear it, I mean. The jersey. You don’t have to wear the jersey. You don’t have to come to the game either. Or the party, you know? I mean, I want you to-”
Sir bites his earlobe hard and growls, “Complain again and I’ll yank your pants down and smack your ass raw in front of every man here.”
Before anyone can stop him, Jimmy hurries off to the kitchen and gets himself a glass of water. He leans forward after a sip and tries to take deep breaths. When he closes his eyes, he sees that room again. He sees a man on a throne. There are others around him. Screams. There are so many screams. And the smell - god it smells awful. Like - like death. Death on fire.
"Good." Castiel takes the tip of the rope and begins to delicately trace Dean's collarbone with it. The boy gasps, then shivers. His body erupts in goosebumps. "I want to play with sensory deprivation and sensation play. As I know how you feel about blindfolds, I plan on trusting you to keep your eyes closed. Are you going to be able to do that for me, pet? Are you going to be able to keep your eyes closed for your dom?"
“We have plenty.” Castiel’s eyes drift to Dean as the man starts to stir away. He can’t help but grin as he watches Dean wake up. The adorable confusion and grumpy ‘I’m in pain, make it stop’ face he’s making is impossible to resist.
The sob Dean releases is echoed by a sob on the TV. He doesn’t look up. He doesn’t care about the sub anymore. Dean’s letting his dom down right now while the sub on the screen isn’t, and that’s scraping his insides raw.
The next year they’re on their way to the beach to watch it with all of their friends when they get the phone call from their adoption agency. A 7 month old baby boy and his 3 year-old big sister were orphaned. They wanted to know if the newly married couple were interested in them.
If this surprises Benny, it doesn't show. He just gives Castiel another soft smile. "You'll be allowed to pick your codename once you meet with security. Until then, since we do not use names in our communications, you are unfortunately the package. He's very aware you're human."
“Sit.” Castiel sits where Dean points, humming in appreciation when Dean runs a hand through his hair and whispers, “Good boy.”
The thought is enough to yank me out of the moment. Then it’s like a bucket of ice water has been poured over my head. I gasp and shake him off, stumbling back a step. He looks like he’s going to follow me but one of the guy’s yanks him away. Castiel growls at the guy. Actually
Castiel watches through blurry tear-filled eyes as his poor cock is finally released from the cage. He hisses as his cock quickly fills to a full-erection. He’s pretty damn sure he can feel his heart beat in every throb of his aching member.
Castiel stares at him. He believes Dean, that’s not the problem. He can’t wrap his mind around it. Surely Dean has had sex. “What about the guys you hook up with?”
The first thing to register in Dean's mind when he awakens is the smell that's wrapped around him. It's exactly the same. The heady scent of Castiel’s natural musk mixed with woodsy soap that has a hint of rum in it. Dean sinks back against Castiel's chest and inhales deeply, unable to stop a giddy smile.
Castiel is standing just inside the doorway, eyes scanning every available inch of the room. He’s trembling, but it’s slight. Most likely out of anticipation, not fear. Dean will keep an eye on it, though. Just in case.
“Alpha!” Castiel squeaks. Then, like the perfect, beautiful, slutty little bunny that he is, Castiel squirts another orgasm out of his teeny little cocklet.
Dean’s pretty green eyes meet mine as he searches for a spot to sit, and I wonder how soon I can make Dean being mine a reality.
So terrified that, when Castiel clears his throat and opens his mouth, Dean spills what’s on his spoon.
As Dean walks Castiel through the main house, he points things out along the way. Castiel never speaks.
"Don't be sorry, Dean. I understand. You got overwhelmed. You need to pump the breaks. I'm fine with that, okay?"
I squeeze my hands into fists, hating that he’s right. It’s physically painful to watch him stand there, smiling at Benny as Benny puts his books away. It’s sharp. Urgent. Right behind my sternum. I can barely breathe around it.
“Love you,” Castiel whispers the moment his arms and legs are wound around Dean. “We said that, right?”
“Oh god.” Castiel stands with his empty plate and heads to the sink, irritation crawling along his skin. “I’m so sick of how goddamn stubborn you are, Dean Winchester.”
if your direct parents are a mixed couple - one angel, one demon - then it’s up in the air. If you’re adopted or in foster care - apart from open adoptions or foster kids who were put in foster care later in life, after already knowing their parents - you’re drowning in the unknown.
He decides not to. He rather likes that terror he’s hearing. The boy said he was scared before, but he wasn’t. Not enough at least. Not like Dean wanted him to be.
That’s probably why Castiel’s hand is slightly shaking when he picks up the phone and dials Gabriel’s number.
“I decided to follow through with it yesterday, but I came to terms with the fact that I was going to come back to you a few months ago. Right after I moved back home, actually.”
“How about I get us in a nice bath and we can talk about it then. I’ll explain what’s going on and we can talk about anything else you want to talk about. Okay?”
“I’d like you to wear this when you’re my pet, Dean.” Castiel leans forward, placing a hand beneath Dean’s chin and raising his head so they’re looking into each other’s eyes. “We will agree on a special place to keep it. Somewhere we can both easily access. When I or when you want to play, we can take the collar and present it to each other. You can always say no to me, just as I can always say no to you. It’s an on and off switch. It creates a clear line for when you’re
Castiel moans wantonly, clenching around Dean’s fingers. His cock is still heavy despite Dean’s grip on his balls, but the sudden urgency has faded. Dean must be able to tell because he lets go of his sack and gently kisses it. The small brush of lips against him makes Castiel quiver.
. He took your daddy and used him, and started a war because of it. A war that lost us our territory. A war that lost us a significant amount of power. A war that lost us your daddy. That lost us
“Your mate let you down. He failed at protecting you, just as his father failed your daddy. But you’re going to be just fine, pretty omega. We have you now.”
Then he begins to cry. The laughing doesn't stop, though. Instead, the sounds combine and become a living thing until the laughter fades, and all that's left are sobs that wrack his chest painfully.
Castiel whimpers, looking up at Dean with wide eyes. The gag gets removed but he has no words other than, “Please sir.” He says them again and again, feeling wrecked and desperate and so in love that he’s dizzy with it. He doesn’t stop until Dean kisses the words away. The cockring is released, Dean’s lips remaining on his, and then Dean’s tight heat is wrapping around his cock.
Castiel tucks his face in sir’s neck, blushing. He's rock hard in his pants and feeling floaty. He's not sure how that’d go over downstairs. Then again, he’s already feeling himself coming down from that precipice.
. He tries to lift some of his weight, hoping to avoid touching Castiel with it. By the way Castiel tenses, Dean knows Castiel is aware of the issue.
Panic swells inside my chest until there’s no room for my lungs to fill with air. “Am I becoming a werewolf?”
Castiel’s expression darkens, his eyes narrowing. It’s just for a second. Then it smoothes out into a careful understanding. “I’m not going to fuck you, Dean. Not even if you beg. Which… you will.”
Then Castiel is once again being changed. The shirt off, then a new one on. The bow tie secured. The weird waist thing. The jacket. The pocket square that's white and hopefully correctly folded.
“John wanted this life. He wanted to be with your dad and have babies. He was okay with it. What happened to him… the rape… it changed him. He was happy here, before. He was happy with your dad. I respected that for him. Hell, I was thinking about taking the bite to become part of the pack.” Bobby sighs. “And then… what happened, happened. And John was changed. Different. He wouldn’t get out of bed or eat or talk. I was so fucking scared for him that I let your dad finally come inside after he had spent 3 days living outside his bedroom window just like this. I hated your dad, I wanted to kill him, but I thought maybe if he could get John better, I could find a way to work past it.”
?” The malice in just that one short word makes Dean shiver, his cock filling. It does something crazy to Dean’s mind to hear Castiel turn into the monster from before over Dean’s protection and care. Don’t get him wrong, he’s terrified of the darkness inside of the man he loves, but when it’s not directed at him or being used as a catalyst for rape, Dean finds it particularly sexy.
I have Dean downsized to nothing but a babbling, incoherent mess by the time I’ve kissed his lips swollen, nipped his earlobes red, and dotted his throat and collarbone with dark marks. Looking up through my eyelashes to watch his expression, I lower my mouth to his left nipple and carefully take it into my mouth. His reaction is better than I expected, his back bowing, his mouth forming a pretty pink O, his cock jumping, and -
"Fuck you!" I send the notebook across the room like a frisby, already reaching for a textbook next. "I hate you! I hate you!"
Dean tosses a box of rice into the shopping cart before announcing that they now need to find chicken broth. Wanting to be helpful, Castiel jumps right in. “Chicken broth. Yes. That’s probably… um… this way?”
Castiel just stares at him, not even blinking. After a few seconds of silence stretches between them, Dean starts to pull away. Castiel surprises the hell out of him, grabbing his tie and holding him in place. Dean pulls his eyebrows in, unsure if he should speak.
More than happy to please, Dean shifts his hips and lowers himself onto sir’s cock. Sir is kind enough to help him. He grips the base of it and holds it steady so Dean can sink straight down. Dean can’t help but throw his head back and moan at the feeling. Even though it was just last night that they were together, it felt like days. Weeks. Months.
Castiel’s eyes drift over to the man that’s hanging limp and dead just a few feet away from him, the sight making him shudder. He’s grateful when a blindfold slips over his eyes a moment later. He knows it’s sir’s way of telling him not to look at that. Not to pay attention. He knows it’s his way of telling Castiel this is different.
By the time the doctor leads him into his office, Castiel is violently shaking. The nurse had him do a questionnaire for depression, anxiety, and mood disorders. The questions were straight to the point and in your face. Castiel is praying the doctor won't be the same.
“Absolutely.” Dean looks straight at Castiel’s cock wrapped in the delicate lace. You can see the little flashes of pale skin beneath the fabric.
It's only a minute or so later that Dean's already nearing his orgasm. He decides to test his boy a little further than planned by pulling him in close and holding his head in place, Dean's cock nestled in his panicking throat. He groans at the sensation of the muscles contracting around him as Castiel tries to figure out what to do.
"No, Cas. I - you have no idea what this means to me. You - I can't-" Dean shakes his head and turns to look at the man he loves. A tear slips down his cheek as he grins. "I love you."
It earns him a hard punch straight to his nose, blood splattering in every direction, some of it even spraying across Dean's shirt. If Dean notices, he doesn't show it. He just calmly says, "Don't waste my time."
Castiel tries to act like he's not on the verge of throwing up as Dr. Edlund has him and Dean sit down on the large couch across from his chair. He can't help but notice that Dean puts almost an entire couch cushion between them when he sits. That can't be a good sign at all.
The weapon kicks back like sir had warned, but with sir standing behind him and holding the gun with him, it barely affects Castiel. He hears a loud, “Keep going,” through his ear muffs and starts again. He goes until the entire magazine is emptied.
Castiel nibbles on his bottom lip before shaking his head. But he doesn’t leave, either. He gives the cashier a quick glance before mumbling to Dean, “Can I buy some of those gloves?”
"Hey, you." Dean hums at the sound of Castiel's soft greeting, turning in his arms to face him. With a soft bop of his nose against the tip of Dean's, Castiel asks, "How are you?"
This time, Castiel remembers what he’s been taught. He relaxes his throat, only gagging once more, this time just a soft thing before his body gives in again. It’s not long before the boy starts to squirm on the ground. At first, it’s just a subtle roll of his hips, rocking back against his foot to get the massager in his hole to move a little. Then it was more like little hops as he tried to fuck himself on something too small to do so. Then it was shifting side to side, his thighs trying to make contact with his neglected cock.
“His dad, John, smelled like bonfire and popcorn,” my dad says quietly. When I look over at him in shock, I see that he’s staring at Dean through his bedroom window. “When he first woke up in the morning, he smelled like fresh snow. Crisp. Refreshing.”
“If you say so,” Dean grumbles, not at all believing him. “I don’t know what to do to make this better for him.”
If I told Uncle Bobby to tell Castiel to go away, I know he would. He’d get his silver bullets and chase him off. At the very least, the damn man could go to school during the day before coming back to do… well, whatever the hell it is he does outside my window every hour of the day and night.
“Good boy.” Castiel shivers, goosebumps erupting on his pretty skin. “Those make your eyes very blue, Castiel. You’re beautiful.”
“Good boy. Now, just because I haven’t told you to kneel doesn’t mean you can’t. You are more than welcome to always kneel for me if you want to or you feel like you need to. Even if we’re in public. No place is off-limits when you need me to be your sir.” Dean smiles at that last part, as if he’s particularly fond of the idea. Castiel’s pretty damn fond of it himself. “The same goes with calling me sir. Even if you haven’t been told to, if you feel the need or desire to, you always can. I’ll feel honored. I like to feel as if I’ve earned the right to be called that. It pleases me to know you want me to be that for you. Okay?”
Except, the second I enter the hallway with Jack’s bedroom, Jack is out of his room and turning to look at me, his head shaking no and a hand going up. His chest heaves with the force of his breaths. “What?” he growls, taking a few steps back just to add more space between us.
The intense heat in Castiel’s gaze fades, getting replaced with amusement. He chuckles and steps away. It gets a little easier to breathe. “Yes, I know you did. It didn’t work.”
The boy’s pretty pink lips part, a sound coming from him that seems to maybe be the start of a word. But then he’s clenching all of his muscles, his one foot on the ground twitching. “Sir, I can’t!”
Nodding rapidly, desperate to show Dean exactly that, Castiel pumps his hips from below the best he can and throws himself towards his orgasm. His eyes flutter closed and his back arches as it slams into him harder than ever before. Distantly, he hears Dean shout, then feels his cum splatter on his belly and clamped nipples, but it all feels muted.
“Stop,” Dean says quietly, pulling Castiel out of his head spin. He looks around to see that they’re now outside. The silence of the night air is deafening compared to the inside of the club. Compared to Castiel’s thoughts. “Stop, Castiel. Breathe. Relax. Stop.”
is your choice to shove those thoughts back and do the right thing instead." Dean takes Castiel's cheek in his hand and slowly pulls until he can hold his gaze again. "I trust you. I believe in you. If I ever thought you'd let the monster out to play again, I wouldn't be here, Cas. I knew even when I called you that he was going to still be somewhere inside of you. But he doesn't matter. And he won't exist in our kids because the good part of you is what you were born with. The monster was what you were taught, and I know you would never teach our children the same way."
"As I was saying," Dean says casually as he drags the tip of the bloody pliers down the man's front. Tamiel is shaking violently now. "Do you like the salon?"
"I'm used to it. My life was never mine. It was always my father's." He peeks up at Dean through long lashes. "And now yours, I guess."
“Promise.” Dean turns on the rainfall showerhead, adjusting the pressure and the temperature with the touchpad. When it’s where he wants it, he picks Castiel up again and carries him in. They settle with Dean's back against the wall, Castiel in Dean’s lap. Castiel presses his face into Dean’s neck to hide from the spray of water. Dean lets him relax for a few minutes before forcing him to sit up enough for Dean to wash him.
“Oh.” Castiel looks at the top of the menu, face heating up. Obviously a place like this is going to serve multiple courses.
Dean does his best to pull himself together, hugging his cowboy boots to his chest like a child with a stuffed animal. He pads softly out of the room in a trance. His eyes fall on the sexy man who is working to button his shirt up to the collar again. Dean takes a wistful breath, his lips forming a giddy smile at the mere sight of the man.
Castiel moans at the dirty words, nodding his head. Sir must like the vibrations or the movement of him nodding because sir swears under his breath and picks up his pace.
The mood shifts. Dean knows Castiel feels it because as Dean begins to sauté the onion, carrot, and bay leaves, Castiel pours them each a glass of wine. Dean doesn't touch his glass as he continues to cook in tense silence. He's not sure what's suddenly brewing between them, but he doesn't want to be tipsy or drunk when it explodes.
Then, two large hands are gripping me tight and yanking me into his lap, my legs falling on each side to straddle him. His strong arms grow iron tight around my smaller body, but I don't feel trapped or afraid. I just feel safe.
"Dean," Anna says softly, grabbing my face with both hands and looking me in the eye. "Breathe. You have to breathe."
He grabs a few more options, deciding to play it by ear. He won’t let anyone at the club see Castiel in something like that but to dress him up in lingerie for his own viewing? Yeah. Yeah, that’s happening. Not today, but soon.
The boy tilts his chin to skate his lips across Dean's. He whispers against him, "I love you even more."
"It's okay… they come every year. This is-" he pauses and looks away, his cheeks pinking up enough for me to see in the darkness. He finishes - "Once in a lifetime."
Castiel seems to relax in his arms, something that slightly surprises Dean because he didn’t think the boy was tense at all. Apparently, there had still been that little bit of tension in him. What Dean just said relieved him of it.
“Thank you,” Dean says dutifully, as if Castiel had been nudging him towards doing so. He hadn’t. He was more focused on trying to win his best friend some points with the youngest Winchester.
My breath catches as I find myself caught in his gaze. I suddenly feel trapped, my heart racing just like it had when faced with the wolf. The wolf that was so much like Castiel.
Castiel moans, long and low. Dean continues pouring until his entire spine is coated in red. The boy whimpers, and he whispers, “Owww,” once, but he’s also moaning, his cock still adding to that puddle of precum on the ground, and Dean thinks he should make sure the boy is aware of how pathetic he is. How slutty.
While thinking of his question, Castiel hums softly under his breath. Dean can't help but just watch him in amazement. Even doing something as simple as humming in the bathtub is making Dean's stomach flip.
“Cooking shows mostly. And MasterChef. I love watching that show.” Dean scoops the carrots up and puts them in the measuring cup. Then he places another carrot and steps back. “We need two more to fill the cup up. You got it?”
For a brief moment, Dean worries Castiel isn’t going to listen. Then, very slowly, Castiel reaches into the large basket and grabs something Dean had sort of hoped he’d grab. It was something he bought on a whim last time he was in the city. Something he’d never even considered getting another sub. Something he hadn’t expected. But it had caught his eye and Dean had pictured Castiel with it, and that was it. He had to buy it.
Castiel shudders in his bindings, fear crawling along his spine. "I don't remember it, sir. I'm sorry."
Leaning my hands against the stall door, I hang my head between my shoulders. A fear of mine bubbles past my lips without my permission. “Did I fuck up while you were sick?”
When he looks at me, his smile goes soft. Fond. My stomach flips and I think to myself that just maybe, I could like Benny. I could forget all about Castiel.
“Can I - what is this, exactly?” Dean asks, pointing to the crude spanking bench Castiel bought on a whim.
Castiel lifts his head and throws it back before shaking it back and forth. He’s going to come. He’s going to come and he doesn’t know how to tell Dean. He doesn’t - Castiel shrieks into his gag as Dean’s hand grabs his balls again. He dissolves into heavy, wet sobs as Dean lets go, stroking the abused skin of his sack and cooing at Castiel like he’s a poor little injured animal Dean happened to stumble upon.
His mouth perks up in one corner, his eyelids fluttering. Then he whispers, “Staring at someone while they sleep is creepy you know.”
Why and when the man came here, Dean has no idea, but he somehow got sucked into this before he reached his destination, and Castiel put the man in a muted gold suit with a shiny gold under shirt covered in flowers made of gems. There are more flowers embroidered on the lapel of his suit, and then on the bottom part of his jacket on the left side. He’s also wearing a cape, though this one is shiny gold with bright flowers embroidered and jeweled around the top of it to cover his shoulders and upper back. The inside of the cape is a bright pink that matches his tie.
Since Castiel is long gone for his run, Dean takes his phone out and starts watching porn with the kinks that Castiel accepted, trying to get as many ideas as he can. He wants to make this good for Castiel. Maybe even great.
His eyes lift to look at me, his pink lips parting as he breathes in softly. He surprises me when he gives me a real answer. “You knew I showered that day. How?”
Glaring at the brat, Castiel pushes to his feet and stands with the ridiculous gag protruding from his mouth. Dean smirks at him. Castiel finds himself wondering if it’d be against the rules to spank the shit out of Dean when this is over. He has a strong feeling it is.
to another 4, but for Castiel, that’s fucking huge. It makes Dean feel tingly and warm just thinking about the amount of trust and love Castiel must have to be willing to do this.
Castiel holds him through his orgasm. Through the aftershocks. Through the recovery. He coaxes him into two sips of powerade and a decent slurp of yogurt. Gets him to let Castiel slip out of his hole - fails at getting him to let Castiel leave the bed. Cleans them both up with a dry tissue from the nightstand and calls it good.
“Sorry, that was weird for me to say.” He tries pushing past me, his heart pounding, but I stop him with a hand on his wrist. When I turn towards him, pressing my chest against his arm and shoulder, he doesn’t argue.
Castiel wants to argue. He wants to tell sir he's wrong, that he doesn't have that much control over Castiel, that he's not Castiel's God, but it'd be a lie. Such an awful lie. Sir owns him, body, heart, soul. This right here is proof. The man is taking him apart in a fucking boutique dressing room like it's his right. Because it
When they do run into each other, they successfully avoid any awkwardness. Even the sexual tension dwindles over time.
Castiel quickly turns his head to the left, seeking out the source of his name. His eyes immediately land on a guy sitting at a table by the window. He's gorgeous. Way better than Castiel had imagined. The sunlight filtering in from the window makes it seem as if he has a halo. Castiel can't help but smile.
Dean rears back like he's been hit. He locks eyes on the wall again, his jaw popping. "Right. Nothing."
Sir ignores the muffled words completely, focusing instead on lubing his cock up. He doesn’t prep Dean - unless his thumb earlier counts. He just presses the tip of his soaked cock against his opening and begins to push his way in.
Benny hesitates. His voice is lowered when he speaks again, indicating that he’s probably already making his way to Castiel if he hasn’t reached him already. “Everything okay, boss?”
“As the dom, sure. Have at it.” Castiel gives him a mischievous smile. “As my future husband? We’re on equal ground, my friend. And we do not skip dessert.”
“We’ll just go until one of us needs a break. Doesn’t have to be five things all at once, right? Maybe we can just start with one each. Go from there. Yeah?” Castiel nods. “Alright. Can I ask mine first?”
Dean glances up, and Castiel notices then that the boy’s mother is standing nearby with a smile. The woman and Dean seem to share some sort of silent communication, which includes the woman nodding. Then Dean takes the little boy’s hand and helps him to his feet.
Castiel perks up when he sees that Benny has something in his hands, all other thoughts subsiding as his stomach grumbles.
. Oh, wait, I have a question - what’s the difference between soft and hard breath play? My list just said breath play.”
“I could do this all day, sir. I’d – I’d love it. You could just put me under your desk and just – just use my mouth to keep you warm, sir.” Feeling his cheeks go hot, Castiel tries to look away again. He’s stopped by sir’s cock shoving into his mouth. It goes in further than before and Castiel feels the tickle of an oncoming gag at the back of his throat, but then sir is petting him and whispering encouragements, telling him to relax, and once he listens, he realizes sir isn’t that far inside him. It was more of a knee-jerk panic than anything. Castiel can breathe fine. He can hold him on his tongue without choking or even gagging.
Unfortunately, Castiel doesn't get to stay there long. He has to sit up, turn, twist, stand, sit again with his feet on the floor. His pulse, blood pressure, temperature, and blood is taken. He's asked a lot of questions. Most of them Dean has to answer for him.
Castiel presses a kiss to Dean's temple and smiles. "No, I think I'm going to keep you right here in my arms."
He doesn’t think he’s ever seen someone hop up so fast. Dean’s shocked Castiel didn’t face plant. He barely has enough time to get comfortable on the couch again before his lap is full, Castiel’s head tucking under his chin as the cutie nuzzles him. “I needed this,” he admits with a sigh.
"From now on, I want your arms like this," Castiel explains as he takes Dean's hands and guides them to the small of his back so his arms around pulled behind him. "Clasp your left wrist with your right hand. There you go. Good boy."
“It’s the truth. I’m not going to say they take care of the slaves, because they don’t. They keep them alive for Alek, and in exchange, Alek allows them free use of them.”
And why is knocking things over all he can fucking care about right now when there are so many more important issues to focus on?
“Good boy,” Dean pants when he’s finished, his cock aching and his head rushing with adrenaline. “Now sir is gonna make you feel fucking amazing. You want that, sweetheart?”
It’s Dean’s goal to make Castiel feel like this as often as possible. The fact that Castiel wants to do this more often? Possibly 24/7? Sure… there’s a lot to talk about but if they could make it work, Dean thinks it’d be amazing.
Castiel’s fingers curl into white fists of fury as he lifts his head to lock eyes with his therapist. “Murderous.”
Unable to stop the emotion that suddenly slams into him, Castiel barely croaks out, “That’s great, Dean.”
When Dean reaches the side of Castiel’s neck, he gracefully shifts so he’s in front of him. He continues touching Castiel, this time exploring his front. Watching the boy closely, Dean passes over Castiel's right nipple, the pad of his thumb skimming across the peak. Castiel gasps like he’d finally emerged from underwater, eyes blinking open wide.
Castiel is really willing to do this with him. Meet him halfway. Hell, more than halfway if Dean’s being honest. Castiel gave up his entire world for Dean. Even offered for a completely vanilla relationship even though Dean knows every fiber of Castiel’s being desires control and dominance.
“He’s a neurologist. And dad is a linguistics professor, so he has more free time during the summer when school’s out.”
Hannah didn't touch Castiel, but she shifted her body on the bench, angling herself defensively in front of him. Jo met their combined stare, and took a step back.
Dean blinked and gave the plant he was carrying another long look. By no means did he know all of the weird and wild plants that existed in the wizarding world, but he had no idea you could just… make one. Could you just make a plant?
“You should have let me braid it,” she whispered furiously. Her voice was still several octaves lower than usual, but it wasn’t quite so strident and resounding as before.
“Maybe you should stop playing with things you don’t understand, Dean,” Castiel muttered, and started walking again.
Lucifer’s form grew sharper and less human, the smile widening unnaturally as he curled over Dean’s terrified form, and -
“A-Am I in trouble?” Castiel asked, beginning to slide off his chair. “I’m sorry I was making some noise…”
No, the corridor was still there, with its faint scent of wood smoke and its troll tapestry. He closed the door behind him again, and turned to face the one in front of him. His mind was spinning. Doors everywhere, burning doors, wrecked doors, doors behind him, doors in front of him. He swallowed, and tried to concentrate.
the Ravenclaw boy whispered in Castiel’s ear. Castiel couldn’t help a small smile at that. Turning his head, he leaned forwards just a bit, far enough to see Anna standing three places away down the line. She beamed at him and nodded her head, and Castiel nodded back. Amphibious Nigellus shuffled in his hands and offered up an irritable
“Because,” he said after a few seconds, “otherwise people might find out stuff and be mean about it?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t help you move your things sooner,” Castiel said. “Sorry I couldn’t find a place. Look, if you want, I’ll do the detentions.”
It would definitely give himself something else to think about while he was trying to avoid Castiel. Maybe he could just use it as an excuse to talk to Lisa the entire time and he’d never had to even wonder if Castiel was looking at him or talking about him or anything.
Castiel let out a slow, shaky breath. Behind him, the silence of the Forest seemed to yawn hungrily, wanting to hear more, wanting the quiet to be filled. In front of him, Ruby raised an eyebrow, a little gleefully.
At least none of his close friends were Muggleborns. Castiel hadn’t really been paying any attention to who was and who wasn’t in his year, but if he wanted to stay in his brother’s good books, he perhaps ought to start. He assumed that the Muggleborns would be at the bottom of the class, going by what Michael and Lucifer had said about them not really belonging with proper wizards. If they were that bad, Castiel wondered, why weren’t they kept out - like Squibs?
Dean shuddered as he made it to the courtyard and looked out towards the lake, watching as a few ripples ran across the surface.
Dean saluted Garth before crawling through the barrel entrance and dusting himself off on the other side. He and Jo had decided to meet up near the moving staircases so that Dean could show her the way to their common room.
Joshua nodded, something twinkling in his eyes. “I remember every book that comes to me. Perhaps someone is reading it at a table?”
of me. He’s using me. There’s a difference.” Castiel swung the door open and slid into the front seat before Arthur could change his mind. “If you want him back so bad - help him find his brother.”
“Right. Now, Monsieur LeChat, can you please repeat the teeth that you were showing Mr. Winchester and Miss Bradbury?”
“JO!” Anna shrieked, and dropped her wand, opting to punch Kubrick full in the face with her tiny clenched fist. Kubrick howled, clutching his bleeding nose, still muttering vague incantations and swear words under his breath as Anna dropped back down to kneel beside where Jo had fallen. Castiel made to help her, but then almost fell forwards as Hannah was knocked sideways by a jinx – he turned, wanting to help –
The talk turned to the day ahead. Professor Tran delivered their timetables to them, tapping blank ones neatly with her wand and greeting each first year by name as she handed them the completed schedules. Was Castiel imagining the way her eyes lingered on him for a moment longer than the others? Had his mother spoken to her about the fact that he was in Gryffindor? Had she tried to get him transferred, had that led to an argument? He tried to read her expression, but there was nothing to go on.
At times he’d feel as though he were having a moment of clarity, sticking his head up above the surface of a murky cold lake and realising that Dean was just one person and Castiel had other friends who cared about him and Dean not liking him wasn’t the end of the world, wasn’t even a big problem - and then the hungry dark water would swallow him back down again, and Castiel would be thinking again about whether or not he could have done something differently, whether taking Anna’s advice and giving Dean space was the right thing to do; whether, whether, whether, if, if,
Dean brought the ranunculus up to his nose again and inhaled as he felt his cheeks turning just as pink as the flower Lisa had given him.
“I was thinking that one of us would walk down to the broom cupboard and grab a couple,” Philippe said with a nonchalant shrug. “Easiest way, if you ask me.”
“You know that no one thinks you’re an idiot, right?” Garth walked over and sat on his own bed, kicking his legs back and forth as they were too small to reach the ground. “You got into the Ravenclaw common room!” Garth’s grin was from ear to ear in pride. “That’s designed specifically for Ravenclaws and somehow you got in!”
“I don’t know!” Castiel said. He sat up in his bed. Behind Hannah, he could see that everything was a gentle milky white outside the window. He’d been lying in bed, unmoving, for the entire night. It had gone by like it was nothing. When he moved, some of the morning haze in the room fell over his face; from the way Hannah’s expression changed, Castiel thought he probably didn’t look great.
“It’s like…” He gazed up at the ceiling, which was currently sporting some very lovely clouds that were growing darker by the second. It was probably going to snow again. “It’s like a wand, yeah? But it’s made of metal and all it does is shoot another bit of metal out really fast.”
In fact, it hadn’t been until the wizard had been forced to use some sort of silencing charm - after more than half an hour of shouting - that his dad had finally been quiet enough for the poor man to begin properly telling Dean and his mom all about Hogwarts and the world of magic. Mary herself had been skeptical about the whole thing, until the wizard explained that usually magical children did things that the parents couldn’t understand - impossible,
he thought, hoping that sending her silent encouragement would help her. He’d witnessed her do this spell with relative ease on more than one occasion, but he could see the nerves in her wobbling hands.
The lights turned back on, and everything returned to the way it was before, but nothing in Castiel’s life was going to be the same.
But she had decamped. Dean watched after her, and then looked down at his burger, and then at Castiel, and then back to where the waitress had been lost to the scullery.
“I know. But I won’t sleep if I try now.” He got to his feet. Maybe just wandering the castle for a few minutes would clear his head. Help him to put Jo’s pale, cross face out of his mind.
“Maybe,” Jo said, “you should stop assuming that people around you are stupid and don’t ever understand as much as you. You should stop thinking your brain works better. You should stop thinking you’re
and a great splash of rolling smoke, Gordon was sent sprawling back in his chair. As the smoke cleared, Gordon could be seen clutching at his face with one hand, yelling as pimples erupted over his cheeks – and with the other hand, he was bringing out his wand, and he wasn’t the only one: Kubrick and Creedy were shouting and brandishing their own wands in Hannah’s direction. Before he could think twice, Castiel was pushing Hannah behind him, or doing his best to, since they were in the narrow aisle – and then there were sparks, and BOOMs, and Castiel was waving his wand without even knowing what he wanted to happen, light bursting from the tip – Anna was clambering up over the back of her seat, almost ramming Kubrick in the stomach with her head as she straightened up and fired a jinx straight into his ear, and Jo was yelling and trying to hold her steady whilst threatening Gordon with her wand… the Hufflepuffs seemed to be getting in on it, too, and Castiel even thought he saw fists swinging out of the corner of his eye – who was Muggle fighting? He turned to look and sparks grazed his face, singing his cheek – and then Kubrick pointed his wand at Anna and yelled, “FLIPENDO!”
The gauze he’d wrapped his ankle in had been a bit hard to explain, however. He didn't think she'd completely bought his story about happening to run into a house elf carrying assorted linens, but she had at least stopped asking probing questions.
Castiel turned the page, but only that fragment of the letter had survived long enough for the compiler of the book to record its existence. He blinked down at the words again, feeling a tug in his mind, something important. He’d been researching the founders and their connection to the room opposite the tapestry of the trolls… and here, now, was some evidence that Helga had been working on – what? A secret room? But it couldn’t be the same, surely… a ‘room of requirement’ wasn’t the same as a room with a very large door in it, was it?
“Go!” Professor Tran said. Castiel raised the strip of wood, dropped it onto the desk, pointed his wand at it, and said loudly,
The dad laughed as he set the cooler down briefly, fishing an apple out from it and handed it over to Max, who took it begrudgingly.
Dean collapsed on the wooden panels, gasping for air as Mr Singer dragged him a safe distance away from the edge. He sat up and caught a glimpse of something impossibly large re-submerging itself into the depths of the black lake.
All he wanted to do was get this stupid letter up to the stupid tower so that he could tell his family about the stupid -
Dean licked his lips as he ran a finger along the paper he’d ripped from his notebook - the one with his number on it - and replayed the scenario in his head over and over.
“I don’t get all-” Dean stopped himself and shook his head, grateful for the weirdo he got to call his roommate. “Thanks, Garth.”
“I have heard from Joshua,” Naomi said, “that you have been spending a great deal of time in the library this year.”
Castiel just looked at her. He hadn’t known one person could hold so much anger and spite inside them. Ruby’s expression darkened.
“You probably do know more than them,” Hannah said, in the voice she used when she was trying to be reasonable. “You spend all that time reading and studying.”
“I did. With a lot of help from Professor Gadreel, of course, but I told him my idea and he seemed very excited to help. He said I’m a natural botanist slash herbologist.”
Dean let out a long breath and picked the book up, tucking it under his arm with the cover facing inwards so no one could read it as he walked towards the counter where Joshua was stacking a few books on top of each other.
He shook his head as he briefly doused the light in his wand so he could twirl it at the feather, still in awe of his stupidity.
except for his mother almost certainly knew which one of them was top of the year, and if it was Dean, then he’d be enduring a whole summer’s worth of
“But…” he said, trying to phrase himself in a way that wouldn’t anger his mother - trying to keep his face blank, so that she wouldn’t read any insubordination on his features. “Professor, I thought - I thought you wanted me to learn. To be able to answer all the questions in the exams, to have knowledge…”
He experienced a moment of hope that the window would hold, that Jo’s use of a new spell would hamper her - but with the Invigoration Draught boosting her, she was unstoppable. The window smashed, shards scattering over the floor - and with a yell of delight from Jo, and one of fear from Anna, they had flown through the jagged hole left by the spell and out into the night.
And Castiel dropped his polite face again. He threw Dean Winchester a glare. Apparently, he’d walked away from the exam fast enough to get away from his friends, but not his enemies.
The Hogwarts grounds were something that both excited him and made him uneasy. To him, they felt like the time his mother had shown him a picture of a venus fly trap in one of her gardening books and explained how they worked. The gorgeous landscape around him continuously called to him like a fly to honey, and it was only when he discovered things like the Giant Squid and the Whomping Willow that he started to realize these grounds weren’t always what they seemed.
“I think so?” Dean’s voice came from the other side of the door, along with a rustle of clothing. “What’s it supposed to look like?”
Castiel followed her gaze to where a short boy with dirty-blond hair was chewing on a large helping of what looked like fruit pie, his cheeks stuffed, smiling at something that his tall, thin neighbour had just said. It was the boy from the train, Castiel realised. The one who’d rolled his eyes and brushed off Castiel’s apology when they’d collided in the corridor.
looking at the person he was going to become one day. Who was that person? What was he like? Was he living in the wizarding world or was he in the Muggle world? Did he have all of that figured out yet?
A sudden voice halted them both; Castiel, who had been tensed to go, almost slipped sideways off his broom. He covered it by doing another loop. On the ground, hands on hips, Hannah peered up at them in the gloom.
“OK, so I lied,” Gabriel said, holding up one hand in confession. “No acromantulas. Just lots of scaaaaaaary students.” He wiggled his fingers threateningly in Castiel’s face; Castiel batted them away, rolling his eyes. He was glad Gabriel was here, still being his usual irritating self. It was an island of annoying familiarity in this sea of shouting and steam and scarlet engines. Gabriel ruffled his hair, and Castiel dodged aside, out of habit. “Come on, little bro. Time to escape before the Mothertron arrives and finds you a seat on the train next to Michael and the Indoctrinating Ravens…”
Castiel stood, breathing hard in the light of the coke machine as he stared down at her - hardly daring to believe his ears. Even doing nothing was dangerous - he knew it - the more words he allowed Naomi to say the worse off his situation was - but she’d just said
“You look awful,” Anna observed, as blunt as ever. Hannah’s bright-blue eyes were full of concern. Castiel brushed down his robes and tried to look casual.
If anything, Castiel thought, Dean looked even greener than Anna; his typical effortless attitude didn’t seem to be sitting as easily as it usually did. He was fidgeting with his wand, and his hair was ruffled - as though he’d pushed his hands through it multiple times. He looked nervous.
Castiel’s clippers just increased in speed, and from across the room Dean thought he could see his face turning red.
“You could try hunting better next time?” he suggested, shooting Castiel a look as he turned to walk away. “Maybe get a partner. Seems like you could use one.”
Ruby saluted the rest of them as she made her way up to the stool. The hat was placed on her head and her House was yelled almost immediately.
“Brooms are banned for first years,” she said simply, and all of Castiel’s rosy glow vanished, was swallowed up in horror. “I’m going to have to confiscate this, Novak.”
Castiel found himself smiling as he read them. Helga Hufflepuff’s friends seemed to have loved her very well indeed. And valued her thoughts and intelligence, too, which was interesting. Castiel felt himself a little humbled. He had always subscribed without thinking to the popular idea that Hufflepuff was a House created...
Bobby growls in my face. It's impressive for a human, but doesn't faze me. "He's not yours! I'm not letting you take him from me!"
“I’m transferring.” Dean shakes his head, already knowing what he’s about to say is going to get shot down. “But you could come with me.”
And he knows when Castiel is thirteen or fourteen, that the nightmare is Castiel being trained, Dean as the practice dummy.
His sudden change in mood gives him away. Dean shares a knowing smile with Charlie before turning to Ketch and asking, “So, who are you falling in love with now?”
They talk about Dean’s hobbies - playing guitar, cooking, and restoring classic cars. They talk about his mom - his favorite memories of her, how he misses her, how she made the best damn apple pie on the planet. They talk about his Uncle Bobby - a crabby old bastard who practically raised him and his brother. They talk about his Aunt Ellen, and his cousins Jo and Ash. They talk about an ex-boyfriend, Benny, who still lives in Louisiana and is one of Dean’s best friends. He’s who taught Dean to cook. He’s also who helped Dean take the last step out of the closet.
Castiel likes that. Likes that a lot. He can be mouthy, get punished, and then still be sir’s good boy after.
Dean chuckles, but his terrorizing pauses for the time being thankfully. He steps off the pedestal and turns Castiel, then takes his hand and helps him step down. They stand a few inches apart, Castiel's chin tilted so he can look up into the man's bright green eyes. Dean smiles warmly at him. Then his look turns hungry,
"You were gone," Castiel gasps, too far out of his mind now to play pretend. He doesn't have the mental capacity for anything but the truth. It's almost relieving, like the weight of his potential lies has been taken from him. He wonders if that's what sir's true victims feel when being interrogated. No wonder Tammy had seemed so
Only to be made worse when they all sit down with plates and mugs of coffee only for Sam to say - before anyone has even had a chance to take a bite or a drink - “Castiel, I would like to talk about your brother.”
“You can pick out the scotch. But can the rest be a surprise? I promise it won’t be bad!” Castiel scoots closer and goes up on his toes, resting his lips against Dean’s ear. “That outfit Sam is in was just for fun. I swear our wedding won’t be like that.”
When they hear Benny dramatically sigh and announce, “I hate both of you so much,” they just laugh harder.
I convince Dean, as a friend, to go home for the day and get some more rest. Maybe something to eat. I said I'd be by later, and waiting was killing me. The moment school was out, I rushed through my homework and dropped my shit off at home, then shifted and went for a run. I ran for at least an hour or two, caught up in my thoughts. There has always been something so damn therapeutic about the steady rhythm of my paws against the forest ground.
Dean turned stepped out from behind the suit of armor to see Ruby on the floor of the corridor with tears streaming down her face, pointing her wand at her robes. Instead of the normal black color, her robes had been changed to the familiar Hufflepuff yellow.
“Dean?” Castiel murmured sleepily, after ten minutes. He could already hear Ash’s light little snores and Hannah’s deep, regular breathing.
knowing that he hadn’t done well, that he hadn’t been good enough. More than that, he hated that he was powerless to change anything. He wanted to disappear from the whole castle, just vanish into thin air. No matter that his other exams so far had almost certainly been decent; without a high Transfiguration mark, he was going to be in trouble when his mother saw his results. She would shout at him, and she would be right to - it was his own fault, he just hadn’t studied enough. He just hadn’t been clever enough. The Sorting Hat had known that right from the start, and of course it was true. He was just
“No - yes, I’m not - am,” Castiel said, two instincts clashing to devastating effect: the urge to tell the truth, and the need to lie and try to get out of trouble.
“I’m gonna miss you guys,” Garth said, setting down his untouched turkey leg sadly. “I don’t want to go a whole summer without you.”
A few Slytherins huffed and hunched over in their chairs, while Dean could see Thaddeus tapping his wand against his leg in frustration.
One by one, each student took an attempt at shrinking the stubborn pillows in front of them with a minimal amount of success. So far, two students had succeeded in getting the cushion to shiver a little, and both of them had been so delighted that something had happened, their faces had shown how crushed they were that Professor Novak didn’t even recognize the attempt.
“Is the oven-mitt also custom-made?” Castiel said with a raised eyebrow, then paused. “Oh - were you in the middle of baking when I summoned you?”
Lisa inhaled deeply, and before Dean could tell what was happening, she leaned forward and pressed a light kiss onto his cheek.
"And I'm Jo," the blonde announced with a well-placed slug on the arm. "That's Ash," she pointed to the guy next to her with the mullet, "Garth," the guy across from him, "and...Ruby, right?"
she was going to come to my house this summer to stay but now I don’t want her anywhere near my house because apparently, trust means
“Who said I couldn’t get the Squid to take it out my hand?” he said, beginning to wade back to shore. “Who was it?”
Castiel looked up from the fantasy novel he’d been reading, glanced both to his left and right like there was a possibility that Dean could possibly be talking to someone else in the middle of the bunker’s library where only the two of them had been for the past couple of hours.
“I meant, you… you don’t always start off treating them the same, or… I don’t know,” Jo said. It felt as though she were trying to word something difficult.
“I see,” Naomi said. She paused and then said, “That sounds like a good thing, Castiel. Well done. You will have more time to focus on your studies.”
The crowd across the field erupted into screaming as the sea of blue and bronze began waving in excitement, but the red and gold that surrounded Dean and Lisa groaned and banged their hands against the wood.
“You two are going to have to stop all this stupid fighting,” Jo said severely, sounding three times older than she was. “It's dumb. You two would totally get on if you'd just…”
The moment of relief he felt was brief but relaxing. Dean’s shoulders sagged as the tension drained from them. He’d been so caught up in the potentially bad stuff he’d been doing that he didn’t see how obvious this talk was going to be. Just a little while back, Professor Gadreel had mentioned to Dean while they’d been gardening that he was growing concerned about his track record, and now this was going to be some sort of official talk about it.
“Told ya,” Dean said from somewhere behind Castiel, but his voice was softer and more tentative, like he was waiting on Castiel’s reaction.
“HIC!” Castiel said angrily, and Dean pulled a sharp corner as they turned down the staircase into the Entrance Hall. Castiel’s chin smacked into Dean’s shoulder.
He shoved Castiel backwards, and Castiel let himself be manhandled a little roughly behind a statue of a pretty, chubby-cheeked witch with a small hat sitting atop big, tightly-curled hair.
Shouting was coming from all directions. Dean caught a glimpse of Castiel waving his hands and screaming alongside Anna, and part of Dean wondered if he was rooting for Gryffindor or the Ravenclaws.
” The last word was given some solemn emphasis, as well as an expressive gesture with both hands. “If a teacher finds that stuff, I’m toast. Can you help me just get it to my dormitory?”
“We’re going to find the potions,” Hannah interrupted, before Castiel could retort. “Come on, you guys, don’t be boring.” She began to crawl away. Castiel and Dean had a brief scuffle to decide who would crawl immediately behind her, and who would go last; Castiel only won by using his knowledge of the terrain to his advantage, and smacking Dean in the face with the loose end of a heavy curtain.
Dean was resting his chin on his arms as he struggled to pay attention to Professor MacLeod drone on about the different wars. Really, it should actually be incredibly interesting. Vampires! Banshees! All of these things that Dean once thought didn’t exist - they had wars, and politics and all kinds of interesting stuff!
“Don’t you have someone else’s evening to go and ruin?” said a voice to his right; Dean Winchester, lounging back lazily against a cushion, was rolling his eyes. Castiel gritted his teeth at the uncomfortable feeling of agreeing with Dean about anything at all, ever. Meanwhile, Hannah laughed nervously, and Ruby scowled.
Gingerly, he sat up, wiggling his fingers and his toes. Nothing seemed to be broken, although - he crunched over in pain - his ribs’ protestations had become all-out rioting, it seemed. His head swam a little with the pain. He was dimly aware of a whistling noise.
Both Dean and Castiel watched for any more signs of impending disaster, but none came. As one, they turned to each other.
The pathway these thoughts led to was a dark one - Castiel learned not to allow himself hours to stare into space.
Castiel and Dean are spending time together as their tentative friendship develops. Dean learns from Jo about “Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle” and goes to the library to read one of his comics – only to find it full of nasty stereotypes. Jo and Castiel play chess, and she warns him to think twice before assuming he’s better than anyone else. When Castiel goes for a walk, he runs into his mother, who berates him for listening to his Gryffindor friends. For Castiel’s birthday, Dean gives him a copy of "The Lord of the Rings", and his friends throw him a little party. On Christmas Day, Dean and Castiel find themselves under some mistletoe, and Dean fake-kisses Castiel through a cushion. Later, with Lisa Braeden, they try some of the chocolates that Ash concocted using potions. Meanwhile, students around Hogwarts have been seeing things around the corridors that scare them; Philippe and Castiel realise that there’s probably a boggart in the castle. On the way back from the Christmas feast, walking alone, Dean encounters the boggart in the shape of Lucifer Morningstar, who tells Dean that he’ll never fit in at Hogwarts and that Castiel would despise Dean if he knew Dean’s blood status. Afterwards, Dean cuts off his friendship with Castiel, who tries in vain to figure out why.
“I don’t. Most people don’t. But it’s Dean’s thing to tell, alright? So you keep your mouth shut about it.”
Dean was sitting rooted to the spot, looking shell-shocked. He had definitely borne the brunt of the miniature blast. His hair was purple at the front and standing on end, and he had purple soot all over his face, and…
Professor Tran returned Dean’s matchstick to him, offering him a small smile and a few more encouraging words, before turning back to Castiel abruptly.
There had to be a present out there that was good enough. Something impressive or cool or shiny or… or brilliant enough to convince Dean that Castiel was worth taking another chance on. A book, or – no, Dean thought most books were boring. Maybe some kind of spell that he could gift Dean the incantation for, or something fun like that.
He pushed Charlie’s imagined sceptical face out of his mind, and ran by Dean’s side to look for a place to hide.
Castiel sighed. The moustache fluttered. The sticking charm on the back had to be wearing off, because it already felt as though it was drooping.
The more he learned about Magical History, the more he was sure that the Muggle world was either really good at ignoring things, or was really good at receiving memory charms.
“Sorry, there,” said a handsome, dashing, elegant, strong male voice, leaning over to set a lit candle on the table.
He opened his eyes, blinking in the sudden light - and took off, elbows out to protect himself from the mad scramble of laughing Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs who jostled each other up stairs and down corridors.
It’s time for the end-of-year exams at Hogwarts, and Dean and Castiel try their hardest to outdo each other in order to rise to the top of their class. Friendships are being tested under the stress of these first tests, which will decide who can come back to Hogwarts. While Quidditch and ethical conundrums also abound, everything can be sure to have the spirit of competition in it, even if it’s not supposed to.
“Did you hear it?” Anna said urgently, ignoring him. Castiel rolled to his feet as well, and then froze in the act of brushing down his robes. Even nearer, now, was the sound again - steady, thudding steps, too heavy to be human.
“Are you a boy?” she asked, leaning forwards so that she could see Hannah, her hair almost falling into her bowl of cereal. Jo reached out and pulled it back, tucking the red strands neatly down Anna’s back.
He stopped two floors down, wandered down the hallway, and began exploring for nothing in particular. There were a few interesting paintings here and there but nothing like the tapestry of the dancing trolls that was on the seventh floor.
Ash reached across the table, grabbed Castiel’s arm, and steered his full fork of food into his mouth.
“And what would be wrong with that?” piped up a small, angry voice from behind Lucifer. Castiel frowned. He knew that voice, didn’t he? But surely, it couldn’t be -
Dean brushed a leaf from out of his hair as he made his way back to his common room. He’d rather liked the ambiance that the herbology greenhouses had and it kind of reminded him of the Hufflepuff common room. He was definitely going to start paying more attention to the different plants that always seemed to thrive there as well.
He’d already been here for an hour, waiting for something to happen. So far nothing, and he’d already
Castiel stared at Dean, waiting for any sign that he was kidding, or maybe just wildly, wildly, out of touch with reality.
He paused after tossing a ball of wadded up flannel into the washer and looked over his shoulder into the empty space around him.
Castiel stopped mid-sentence and Dean felt Castiel’s gaze go slack, like he was no longer staring at him, but somehow staring through him.
A second-year Slytherin had her mouth open as she leaned over Dean Winchester to see it better. Castiel met Dean’s exasperated gaze for a moment, saw his scorn, and blinked, looking away. He didn’t want anything to ruin this moment, with a fuss being made of him on his birthday. He didn’t think he’d ever forget –
Castiel held tight, just like Dean had asked - but despite the accidental order, he probably would have anyway.
Dean froze when the sensation washed over him, familiar in a foreign way but not familiar enough to bring him any kind of comfort.
He grimaced and realized that there weren’t many handholds left for him to climb in order to reach the giant metal sheet that ran directly along the mid point of the door. Maybe if he jumped?
There was a buzz in the air at breakfast. Castiel could feel it as soon as he walked into the room, Hannah at his side. She turned to him with a smile, which he returned. They were both wearing their boldly-coloured Gryffindor scarves, and Hannah was sporting a lion-shaped badge on her chest. Throughout the Great Hall, one word was on everyone’s lips.
“Why don’t you and Jo get chatting,” he said. “You could start a Dean Winchester fan club.” He lowered his voice to almost imperceptible levels to say those last four words. The last thing he needed was for Dean to hear the phrase ‘Dean Winchester fan club.’
After the class, Anna caught up with Castiel as he walked in the bitter cold back up to the castle from the greenhouses, his robes starting to get damp with the slush as he tramped through it.
“If my ears are correct I heard that you have a test soon? And that you’re competing for a better grade than my kid-brother, right?”
She was brought up short by the sound of tapping on glass. She whirled around, looking confused - and beyond her, outside the window, Castiel could see what was making the noise. It was a feathered, dark-eyed face. An owl, with a letter in its beak.
Castiel pulled himself to a halt as soon as they entered the room, which was filled with chattering students and the smells of hot, delicious food. Above them, the sky was dark and cloudy, the stars shrouded from sight. Castiel cast his gaze swiftly over the Ravenclaw table, and then up to where the staff usually sat.
Castiel cringed at the stutters. At the dining table, at the Novak family’s nightly quiz, Gabriel would always leap in for Castiel at this point - say the answer for him, and then give some elongated explanation, so that Naomi would be distracted from the fact that Castiel himself hadn’t known the correct answer. Castiel swallowed hard. He came quickly to a conclusion: Dean might be irritating, but since there was no one else in the room who actually knew the right answer, only Castiel could come to his aid.
they’d just been filling up the tank. This should have felt like that. It should have been totally natural.
After a few more minutes of wandering Dean let out a sigh of relief as he recognized a suit of armor that should mean the Great Hall was nearby. Sure enough, after a few more turns, familiarity once again surrounded him - though the hallways were deserted; it looked like most students were in their common rooms.
“Probably because you’re you,” Dean said, having clearly been listening in. “You came to Cas for help hiding something? Puh-lease. He’s as subtle as a brick through a window.”
A quick note on adherence to canon: there is no canonical ban on jumping in the black lake that we could find; however, we made an authorial assumption that if the Forbidden Forest is officially off-limits, then the lake would be similarly no-go territory. To assume makes an ass out of u and me, but to not assume makes a notass out of u and me, and I don't even know what one of those is. The donkey is the devil we know, in this scenario.
“Right,” Dean yanked the door back open, trying not to show how angry hearing that had made him. “Well, not everything Castiel thinks is super great, okay?”
“Muggles everywhere in the station again,” Michael said carelessly. “I don’t know why the Ministry won’t just clear the place for one morning while the students go through.”
here, do you?” he said, his voice just as soft and dangerous as Dean remembered. “You’re not like everybody else. In fact, you dirty the halls of this place with your presence.”
“Let him make his own decisions, Han,” said Jo, who was leaning up against the wall next to them. “He’s Castiel Novak. He knows it
Castiel felt his heartrate slowing, his terror lessening. The craziness of the night stopped whirling deeper and deeper; the world seemed to steady itself.
“Don’t tell me there isn’t a part of you that doesn’t think it was the right thing to do,” Dean said hotly - and Castiel found he couldn’t retort immediately, the memory of Harry Spangler struggling with his own quill in the Charms exam returning to him. Castiel himself had been on the point of helping, before remembering that his mother was sure to be watching all the students perform their spells and complete the exam; he’d had no desire to land himself in a world of trouble with her, just to give Harry an advantage that would surely not be taken into consideration in his final result.
The smell of warm apple pie and broiling meat filled Dean’s nostrils as he walked towards the light source. The sound of clanging echoed from up ahead like pots and pans being knocked together as well as distant chatter of voices that Dean didn’t recognize. .
“Listen,” said a voice, unexpectedly sudden and deep. Castiel whipped around to see a tall, dark-skinned girl staring over at them from the next desk, her expression promising murder. The spine of the textbook next to her notes read
Dean leaned back a little and parted his lips to press his tongue against Jo’s finger, giggling when it caused her to yelp and quickly snatch it back and wipe it against his robes.
The idea oddly felt like a relief. He should have been terrified at the thought of being menaced by a dark creature, shouldn’t he? But all he could feel was a wash of
“How’s yours look?” he heard Dean saying to Garth, sounding anxious. “I think I’m doing it wrong, mine’s still only half silver, look…”
Dean rolled his eyes. “That was lame, Novak.” Giant squid. Please. As if there would be one of those in a
Or maybe his father would put his foot down on this whole “magic nonsense” during the summer break and Dean would never be coming back.
For a moment Dean perked up as he studied the door, but quickly rejected the idea that it was the same one from the strange room. It was the wrong shape and wasn’t anywhere near this place; they were both just very large.
“Taking it to Professor Gadreel,” Lisa said, wiping at her brow with the sleeve of her robes, “I can’t figure out what I’m doing wrong and I don’t want to kill it.”
Dean cheered as Professor Mills blew the whistle, the sharp sound nearly swallowed by the loud yelling.
“No, it’s not. You made that name up just now,” Castiel said flatly. “You looked around you for ideas, saw my
“Oh yeah?” Dean shot back. “Tell that to my bloody nose, cheater. We both got in trouble so don’t blame this on me.”
“There!” he said. Just on the outskirts of the trees, he could make out the moonlight reflecting off what looked like a silvery, bright blanket; that had to be Jo’s hair. Dean regained control of the broom, and they swooped down towards it - just as it disappeared among the trees.
All four of them turned their heads to the entrance and saw Jo sticking her head through the cart door with a smile.
For all Castiel knew, that last one could be true. She’d been incandescent with rage when she’d broken up the fight, after all. Perhaps it really had been because she’d got hit by a stray jinx.
One hand clawed at the shifter’s face, and the other grabbed a handful of dirt, hay, and other debris and threw it into the shifter’s eyes. The hands left his neck as the shifter shouted and scrambled to get the dirt out of his eyes, and Castiel quickly pulled out the silver dagger he kept strapped to his ankle.
“Charlie,” Castiel said suddenly, letting himself be carried by his impulse. “Charlie, have you heard anything at all about a room that isn’t always there?”
“I – I don’t know,” Ash said. “And I guess there’s no way to be sure that the potion would even turn the frog into a giraffe. What if it turned it into a – a tiger? Or a dragon?” Ash seemed somewhere caught between concern and excitement at the idea.
“Of course I don’t,” he said. “I can’t treat you like I treat… I don’t know, Professor McLeod, or another teacher, can I? Or the same as Hannah, or Ash, or...”
“You looked lovely,” Hannah said, her voice ancient and creaky. “Like you didn’t have a care in the world.”
“Man, don’t you just hate it when people send you illegal and expensive presents that you don’t even get to keep? I wouldn’t know. I’m too busy having a great birthday.” Dean shrugged his shoulders with a faux-pout and whipped back around with his hands in the pockets of his robes as he skipped away. He knew that it was already a big sore point for Castiel and if he wasn’t such a
Was he really that afraid that Dean wouldn’t want to be friends with him anymore? Was it his worst fear?
“Can’t we be on the same team?” one of them pleaded. “She’s practically a Ravenclaw, she’s top of the class in Transfiguration, and…”
sleepover,” Castiel said. He said the words quickly, the first thing that came into his head to get Hannah out of an awkward situation.
Jo got up from the table a few moments after detangling herself from the scarf and waved to the Gryffindors who were still eating as she began to walk away.
Quiet, normal, and innocent-looking, as though it had been there all along. The door he’d been trying to summon.
“Giants aren’t pretty,” he said. “Haven’t you seen the pictures? Their faces are like slabs of rock. They’re only pretty to other rocks.”
As far as he could tell, the only reason that Cas was keeping up with him at all was because he spent nearly all of his free time studying in the library. Dean had definitely overheard him bragging about it one or two times.
“No,” he said. “Well, I don’t know. I hope not. But I got a problem with this place.” He gestured around at the room they were standing in, shaking his head. “It’s not safe. Twice now I’ve come down here and all my stuff’s been cleared away. First time they got all my ingredients, too. I’ve got smarter since then, I keep ‘em under my bed. But it sucks having to bring them all down here every time I wanna brew, I gotta do it in three journeys all the way from the Ravenclaw Tower. Which is, like, way up -”
“A Queen who could throw me the length of the Quidditch pitch,” said Jo. “A Giantess… a… a beautiful Giantess Queen.”
‘No, no, no!” Dean gasped, clutching onto the stone until the staircase finally stopped moving. “Go back!” he said, daring to shake the banister a little. “Please go back. I need to get this letter to the owlery.”
“Hannah can come,” said Dean and Jo together, and then grinned at each other. Castiel met Hannah’s eyes; she shrugged, looking uncomfortable.
Jo dove after Ambriel and the crowd began to scream in either protest or support from both sides. Down, down, down they dove and Ambriel pulled up just as a bludger whizzed by, narrowly missing Jo by just a few inches.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows as he set the cup of tea back on the table, and watched as Professor Gadreel realized a moment too late that he was not going to get the answer he wanted.
He headed to his usual desk, dropping his bag hastily and making for the nearest section. The books, as usual, seemed to whisper and shuffle; Castiel tried not to mind. He didn’t know how many Novaks the spines of these books had seen, but he was prepared to bet he wasn’t the first… he wondered whether the other Novaks had been hissed and muttered about by these pages as they went past, or if they’d been accepted immediately, recognised as scholars and intellectuals, friends of the library.
“If what I’m reading here is correct,” Professor Gadreel tapped at the parchment in front of him, “you’re about to end your first year of Hogwarts in just a few weeks and you’ve already received . . . ah, let me look -” he dragged his finger down the paper, “ -fourteen detentions from multiple different professors.”
For a moment, Castiel tensed and waited for the compulsion of a command to overcome him, but it didn’t. Someone telling him a need of theirs wasn’t the same as a demand.
Castiel was frozen to the spot - he didn’t owe her an explanation, but every interaction with her now was like walking on a minefield. All it would take is a few specially-chosen words from her to ruin his life completely.
“Enjoy your meal, guys!” he said in a handsome, dashing, elegant, and strong tone of voice. Maybe even a little too strong. Dean gandered after him for a moment, not born yesterday - but then remembered that he had a nectarous burger steaming on the plate in front of him, and went to pick it up.
said Amphibious Nigellus, quietly. He blinked up at Castiel, and Castiel smiled back at him. For a frog, he wasn’t so bad.
It's the last week of school, and it's time to have some fun! More specifically, time for a couple of epic sleepovers - one in the Hufflepuff common room, one up in Gryffindor Tower, and both on the same night. With arguments and tensions all over the place, though, it's not as easy as it could be to have a good time - but when you've got a couple of brooms and some homemade potions to try out, what could go wrong? The end of the year could even prove to be the right time for letting go of being enemies, and stopping an argument that's gone on for far too long.
Castiel’s cheeks were hot, now. What, so Bela was just shopping around for a boyfriend for Charlie, and he’d just happened to be standing next to her, so she thought she’d try it out? Was that how boyfriends worked, you just had a friend say there was something romantic happening and then it just… did happen?
to do all the things in my head right now! And I want to go flying! Look, we’ll just go down to the Hufflepuff common room. OK? Castiel, Anna, you can check out our sleepover, it’ll be great, so let’s go, get on the broom! We’re all small, they’ll fit two each, that’s not a problem.”
“That would be nice,” Jimmy said, opening one of the cans and taking a swig, “So, considering the things you’ve said to me, I take it he finally told you he loved you?”
“‘Does this wart look funny to you’ weird, or ‘do you know what the Giant Squid’s favorite past time is’ weird?”
"I won't accept complacency from you, Castiel," she said. "Now that we've spoken, I hope you understand that."
Whoever it was, he was already gone. And now Dean was sitting at a table opposite Castiel, a pair of heart-shaped burgers in front of them, with a candle setting the mood to soft, flickering romance.
“Pass on the message,” Philippe added into the silence left by Castiel’s dumbstruck shock. “Don’t forget.”
Dean nodded slowly. It was one of the reasons that the class was one of his best, despite the less-than-ideal teacher. Sure, they had to memorize when to use what spell against what creature and so on, but it was pretty much a show of how well you could use the spells in practice - something that Dean obviously excelled at.
“Why aren’t you getting any ingredients? You trying to make this easy for me?” Dean grinned, and poked his wand towards the bottom of his cauldron. Magical flames flurried up - a little haphazardly, but strongly.
“Next question,” Professor Tran said, jerking Castiel out of his thoughts. “Who described the optimum wand movements for transfiguration? Was it Adalbert Waffling, or Emeric Switch?”
Castiel frowned at Dean, thinking hard. He had a lot of freckles, and his eyes were very green. No, wait, he was thinking about Philippe and Nick and what they’d said… yes, it made sense now. Gabriel had tricked Dean into doing something embarrassing, and the reward had been something useless. Castiel had learned to see through that one at the age of about three. It must have been fun for Gabriel, Castiel thought with a smile, to have someone so unsuspecting to play around with. He couldn’t approve, but…
