The rest of the car ride was silent, and Steve tried his hardest to keep his mind away from the sight of that tombstone. He had his moment, he mourned, and there was no reason to keep reminding himself about it. He wouldn’t forget, he would never, ever do that, but he had to accept it and try to move on, while treasuring his past.
Steve bit his lip. “No rules and customs?” he replied. “But law, and legislation, is reliant upon rules being set in place.”
During his journey, he passed through the Isthmus of Corinth, a bridge so famous to the Greek world that he heard about it often, which eventually leads him to the nearby city of Corinth, admiring the quick pace its citizens lived in, it being one of Greece’s busiest harbours.
“Then you won’t accept me into your city, behind your walls?” Tony asked again. “Not even when I’m coming in peace, wanting to save your people as much as you do?”
Her pistol pressed Tony’s temples but she pulled back soon after, gesturing for her men to follow her outside.
The Captain was breaking down, little by little. It didn't show, but anyone who was friends with him for years could tell. The time he spent in Dimension Z, the loss of Ian and Sharon was still terrorising him. Tony has been his backbone, his rudder. Building this new, Avengers World was what kept his sane, and to realise that all this was a lie hurt more than anything else. And right now, the one man that lied to him was dead, gone forever, because of him. Another person that lost his life because of him. He had more blood in his hands than he could ever want to imagine, and no matter how hard he scrubbed his hands clean, they would only get redder.
“Oh? Why so?” Steve asked curiously, continuing as he was, feeling each bump in Tony’s muscle.
“They do,” he agreed solemnly, and Tony noticed how Steve remained silent; surely his words must have caused some sort of reaction, even one that he wasn’t aware of just yet?
“What’s that? What are you trying to say?”
“I expected more..uh...”
He wasn't going to give up, he was going to fight until the end to make things right.
Steve stared at Tony, trying to think of an answer. “I always wanted to have a friend, but it can be nothing more if I am to continue my duties.”
Tony sighed as he watched him leave, resisting the urge to move closer. “Is that how you see me?” he asked, loud enough to be heard. “Just that? An ignorant savage?”
“And because, you’re my friend,” Steve said. “You’ve let me into your home, given me a shelter, let me share your bed and given me companionship. You listen to me, Tony. As long as it's taken, you understand why I want to protect my people now.”
“What’s wrong?”, Tony asked, observing Steve from up close.
Steve looked at him carefully yet again, sighing. He knew exactly what Tony was referring to; Bucky’s death. He just attended the funeral himself, but he knew something, that his friend was indeed alive, something that he wasn’t allowed to let Tony know. Still, he could so visibly tell that the billionaire was concerned and he didn’t just come all the way down here just to hand in his repaired Steve. He wanted to actually talk, something that they did a lot, more frequently back in the day. It took them some time to open up to each other again after everything that they went through.
“How did you end up living here?”, Tony asked him, breaking the silence between them, but still keeping his hand over Steve’s.
“Thank you, Athenian," Tony said with a smile, tilting his head to enjoy Steve’s lips against his neck. He wanted more of the sensation.
Steve gritted his teeth tightly, letting out another whimper in response even as he did, taking another breath and swallowing hard, hoping the pain would turn to pleasure soon he panted heavily, chest heaving.
“And if you wish to know me, you shall. Take all the time you want," Tony nodded reassuringly, leaning back to put his hands behind his back, watching stars in the sky.
she used to ask him, rolling her eyes. Tony wouldn’t usually reply, he would pretend that he couldn’t listen to her, that seemed to send her off most of the time, leaving him alone in his workshop, taking his frustration out to Dummy. What Pepper didn’t know was that, Tony wasn’t good enough for anyone else. And especially not for the person he least expected himself to like.
Tony sighed as he kept himself close to Steve, his hands lowering so he could hold him around his waist. “Yes, I’ve decided. I like you.”
“No, no, it was fine. And it was quiet, I seem to be getting used to these pretty quickly”, he admitted, giving them a pat.
“He told me to pass by today, last night..”
It was hard to say no to Steve, and even harder when he would give him that softer look that he reserved for Tony alone.
“You show no interest. I have learned that you wish not to learn from those you look down upon, and how you consider yourself superior to the inferior cities that you wish to crush so relentlessly. I do not wish to be in your presence any longer. I have cities that wish for me to teach them, I will go to them. Now if you please.”
Steve nodded lightly, not wanting to part his lips from Tony’s skin as he smoothed his hand up and down the man’s sides.
“I’m sorry, he seemed like a good man”, Steve replied, nodding.
Even though he admired love from afar, he never had the chance to experience it. He was forbidden to.
“Mr. Rogers, tell me, don’t you want to join the fight again? Fight for your country, leave this hospital? We can offer you that. No, let me finish talking first”, he replied as he saw Steve opening his mouth. “We represent an underground government agency called S.H.I.E.L.D. We are here to offer you the chance to be part of something great. As scientists within S.H.I.E.L.D., our job is to develop new weapons, with the help of Stark Industries, new tech to give our army an advantage in the war against terrorism. This project has been in the development for years, and we’re finally ready to kick start it. All we need, is volunteers. Great men who love their country and would do anything to fight for it again. We know that you’re not in the state of fighting now, but after you sign up for this, you’ll be better than ever.”
Steve watched him until he had started a fire, and then he sat closer to it. “You are quite practical.”
The Captain shook his head. “It’s absolutely fine, I understand you’re busy with this..Stane fella?”, he asked, somewhat glad that he could think of something else for now.
“He’s here? Now?”, Steve demanded to know, looking around.
“You know, you need to experience everything that you preach,” Tony said, taking Steve's hands in his own. “And if getting you to Sparta for now will set you free, I will do it. In fact, I’ll release you from everything that holds you back.”
They were mostly silent, the nerves were starting to kick in. What if this project failed? If everyone build his hopes up only to crush them hard and painfully? No, he trusted Tony Stark, after what he found about him it truly made him believe that he would do anything in his power to give humanity a better future.
Steve’s eyes widened, trying to get himself on the ground again, wiping his forehead when he did. He followed Tony into the elevator, noticing that they were getting on the very top floor.
“I do, but why would you wish to come to Athens?” Steve asked.
“Hey! Stop that!”, he exclaimed, as soon as he spotted the man provoking the Doctor.
Tony heard this before. He heard from Pepper how scary and agonising was to fall out of love, having the person that meant everything to you treat you like a proper stranger, not being there when you mostly needed them, totally ignoring you. Bad thing is, she didn’t warn him about how painful and scary was to fall in love with someone. And the worst; she didn’t mention how self-harming and horrible was when the feeling wasn’t mutual.
“I know right!”
“Really, Captain? Reed Richards? None of you recognise me? I expected more of a warm welcome, I'm so disappointed…”
The stern look that Steve gave him really didn’t need any further explanation.
“I know exactly what it meant," Tony rushed to say. “But you can’t expect me to march back into Sparta and suggest change, do you? Me, the son of Ares, not talking about war? That’s blasphemy.”
There was a light welcoming him. The light in the end of the tunnel. How cheesy and clichéd. Nothing seemed to be unique for him any more.
Steve opened his mouth to reply, but a loud, zapping noise caused him to pull down his cowl and cover Tony with his shield instinctively.
Tony smirked down at him as his grip on Steve's hair tightened, letting his head fall back to enjoy the soft sucking Steve was doing, appreciating every twirl of Steve’s tongue and every time that Steve decided to bite him just a bit.
“Not my fault that I was dispatched now, is it? I’ve told Pepper to keep it a secret that I was coming here”, he chuckled as he pulled away. “But look at you, looking as good as ever! Cold doesn’t seem to affect you”
A dark chuckle. That didn't make them feel any more at ease.
Tony woke up early the next morning, always used to his morning routine back in Sparta, careful not to wake Steve up when he realised that they were sleeping next to each other. He slowly let go and stood, glancing at the remnants of the fire before rummaging through his supplies to find his bow and arrow, along with a skinning knife. He walking into the wildness and found easy prey, killing and skinning the hare at the spot. When he came back, he setting a fire once again and began to cook the hare for Steve and himself. He walked over to the large section of plants, rubbing his fingers on the leaves to smell them, making sure that they could be used on their meal before carrying on with the cooking.
“I rurr you too”, Tony smiled to him, lost inside the huge embrace, covered in the soft fur.
“And you didn’t see any of the footage; don’t try to make me look like the bad guy here. Have you seen the footage from my time in Afghanistan? I’m sure Fury keeps it around. What about that time I almost killed myself, eyes closed on a roof of a building belonging to me, trying to save up a city from exploding? I didn’t think so. Don’t talk like you know me, Rogers. I’m nothing like the people you used to know, and I’m certainly not my father”. He didn’t regret saying that out loud, he needed to vent and being in his armour made him feel less vulnerable than when they were both inside, Steve claiming to be the hero he was.
In a way, Steve’s silence was comforting, and Tony followed suit, letting the warm water and steam wash away all his worries and doubts, just enjoying the moment and the sight of the handsome man in the bath with him, looking calm and relaxed for a change having taken his armour off.
Steve wrapped his arms around Falcon’s shoulders, keeping his head down, his long hair falling over his face as the guardian carried him into the air, taking him back to Athens, where he belonged. Though as they took flight, he raised his head, taking a glimpse of Tony, his heart aching. He couldn’t believe he had fallen in love, and the feeling wasn’t mutual, even after he had given himself to him.
“Ah, Mr. Rogers! It’s a pleasure to met you!”
“Stark, they’re sending a missile towards you. Three minutes max”, Fury called desperately.
“Not even when you’re..off duty? I’m a cop, I’m off duty almost every night, I’m sure the same goes for you.”
Steve nodded. “We do. Come, let’s go; we need to rest after today.”
“What is it, Cap?”, Tony asked him with a head tilt.
“We’re better than them and the Athenians combined. And mark my words; we will be the strongest city in the whole of Greece any time soon. The others will come kissing our feet, begging to get a glimpse of the glory of our walls," he hissed as he pushed back his ebony hair, and rubbed his bearded chin, getting his weapons together to follow Rhodey to the main gates, eager to get rid of the new stranger.
He was walking around the centre and into the agora, when some of the conversations piqued his interest. A young man was talking, preaching law and justice.
“Now you’re just making me blush, Tony”, he teased him in return, looking at the rose coloured sky. The sunset was beautiful from up there, that was for sure, and he smiled widely when Tony sat back and stared at the sun.
“Have a seat, Rogers, wasn’t it?”, Tony prompted him, gesturing at the seat by the desk, himself not sitting on the other end, but on the desk, watching the other man carefully.
“You let Tony Stark die so easily, before his time, do you realise what a big favour you've done to me?”, Kang laughed again.
Tony didn’t really expect Steve to agree, but when he did, Tony could hardly hide his excitement. He waved for Steve to follow him, walking out of the palace and into the main city to go through the market, amongst the people who were busy with his chores. And he couldn’t stop thinking of the way Steve blushed after the kiss, and the way he came back to him to return it, even if it was just a noble gesture. It had still been sweet.
Tony met his eyes, part of him knowing that he was bound to put on his strong face and just be the Captain that Tony was so used to in his eyes.
Steve could feel his stomach tied in knots, an ominous feeling taking over him; whatever was hiding under that blanket, it sure wasn't good. Taking a deep breath, he lifted the sheets, eyes widening in shock and disbelief.
“M-may I...?” he asked, looking at Tony as a blush crept into his skin. “Can I... Try?”
“I have heard this argument before. I wish not to repeat it. There is defending and then there is attacking; they are two different things. Clearly your only defence is your offence,” Steve said, shaking his head.
Stane groaned in agony as he let Steve fall down, knocking Tony away with his strong arm, sending him flying towards the glass door, shattering it to pieces.
“The perfect volunteer for this project. You’re on top peak condition and we know that the moment you step outside in the battlefield with your new legs, their quality will be tested too. We can improve any imperfections, make sure that non-combat prosthetic limbs will work perfectly and that we can mass produce them. It’s not a selfish act, this is us being careful and wanting to offer everyone in need a better future.”
Tony raised his hands, looking to Steve first, unsure if he could have permission to touch or even attempt to draw anything with something that he valued so much. “And they belong to you? How well can you draw?”
Steve looked down at Tony, smiling as Tony’s fingertips moved through his hair, and he cupped the side of Tony's face in return, stroking his jaw. “More time for us, for once.”
“You and Cap, I figured that you guys were together.”
“Reed says that we need to push him back through the portal where he came from. He’s scanning it right now, we’ll need to make sure that he goes through at the right time!”, Steve informed him.
“Okay, sure, But you won’t be disappointed, you know it. Especially when Stark Industries is involved.”
Tony, on the other side, kept looking at Steve’s photo in his own documents, his childhood image of Captain America materialized in front of him. He saw him in action in all those SHIELD documented videos, remembered every tiny detail that Howard mentioned, not directly to him, but he did overhear it sometimes. This guy was supposed to be a hero, lost or killed from what he heard so many times before, but now it appeared that they found him. And he was well alive.
“Affirmative, I’m programmed to follow your orders, sir”, Tony said. It was a white lie; it wasn’t anything important, right? Still, he pulled a face when Steve accepted the offer. He came up with this plan, so why was he disappointed when it was actually working? He took a deep breath and moved his fingers back on Steve again, the human like metal finger touching his bare back, rubbing his rear over the fabric.
“Oh yes, he created many prototypes for us and the tests have been successful. We are now ready and proud to start the mass production. Think of it as the beginning of a new era...the era of super soldiers. Body parts can easily be replaced, and you will be stronger every time.”
“You know, you should feel lucky about learning about those things,” Tony pointed out. “My education wasn’t really enough; I had to educate myself on everything I deemed interesting.”
“Wait until you see what they can really do, you’ll be amazed”, Tony said, chest puffing out proudly.
“I have not done one thing to prove that I am human, I said to you back in Thebes, I had made my choice long ago. I do not hide. People see me for who I am and not once have I pretended that I am a mighty god that others should fear,” He said firmly, looking down at Tony.  “Not once have I ever abused my power and destroyed lives.”
“I do, it’s just a bit too.. surreal to see it in real life, I remember seeing in a post card back then. I don’t really see what’s so special and pretty about a big piece of metal though. Oh, no offence, Tony”, he added quickly as Tony gave him a dirty look.
“Well, you have me now, so don’t worry about that. Not that I will replace you, guys," he said to the horses as they huffed, getting on the chariot behind Steve to hold onto his waist.
“Sir! We’re getting a reaction!”, the man closer to the body shouted.
However, Steve was greeted by a billionaire, someone who funded the Avengers and had the invincible Iron Man as his bodyguard. The kindness and warmth of this so called desk jockey surprised him, and he was pleasantly surprised to find out that he did pack a punch when he asked for training lessons from Captain America himself.
“Now, I saved the best for last”, Tony said proudly as he approached Steve. “Those legs look like proper boots for a reason. Look at where the sole is”
“Do as you please.”
“Star Trek, huh? You’re learning”, Tony chuckled. “I grew up watching that series.. I wouldn’t mind going up in space and meeting up with a couple of aliens, to be honest”
“Is that the guy that my Dad wouldn’t shut up about?”, he heard Tony saying in the distance, that only adding to his dislike of the man’s character.
“You’ve showed me a certain kindness in Thebes, Steve. That’s how I show mine,” Tony replied, blinking a couple of times at Steve’s reserved reaction. “And I’m asking for you to forgive me earlier attitude.” But of course, it made sense. Tony remembered his title. Steve was the son of the virgin goddess and he'd said himself that he wanted to stay pure.
Steve glanced at him, and Tony nodded. “Yes, let me stay in Athens for a while, have a change of heart,” Tony encouraged him, pushing the hair out of his face.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “You could come and meet me, if you wanted to, you didn’t have to make me spend a fortune at the dentist, you know..”
He could see it now, that faint movement, his little finger twitching; he was coming back to his senses, after what it seemed like a century. Technically, a century did pass, and it was then that Tony realised how shocked the soldier would probably be.
Tony was taking every second to imprint Steve’s face and figure in his head, ear and cheeks so red, soft pants and moans still audible, Steve clearly not enjoying the fact that Tony pulled away from him. “Yes sir, that goes inside you”, he said, hiding a soft chuckle behind his words, eager to have Steve sitting on him and to test the suit’s real purpose. The fingers moved to hold on Steve’s hip and help him position himself, nodding to him reassuringly.
He unbuttoned his shirt slowly, and Steve could feel his heart stopping as he saw the deep vivid scars on his chest; scars from knives, he didn’t have to look at them twice to know that he has been knifed again and again; he knew very well which torture techniques were preferred.
Steve tilted his head at the screen when a spaceship came on the screen. “Can you leave that on?”
“Tony..? Are you all right?”, a concerned voice was heard, the figure stepping closer.
Steve tilted his head, looking a little more closely at Tony. “How can you be raised without expression and freedom?” he asked.
Their arrival at the airport was long and tedious, despite the fact that Tony had used his own private plane.
“You changed the way I think regarding many things,” Tony admitted. “You know, you might have been true that you Athenians think in a more revolutionary way.”
“Really?” Tony asked, folding his arms across his chest. “Since when was that even applicable?”
“I don’t think that he did it because of you. He wanted to fix all this and he took responsibility for his actions.”
“A hero? Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers”. In Tony’s mind, that sounded fair. He just became who he was in the easiest way possible, at least that’s what he knew. “Everything special about you came out of a bottle”. Maybe he was being too harsh but then again maybe he wasn’t. Tony firmly believed the latter.
Tony was taken off guard by the man’s words, not having realised that he was in fact going through the same dilemmas and worries. “And that’s because you’ve changed me, you showed me the way, a different path! That’s how you made me fall in love with you, you took me out of this dark pit full of war and killing," Tony yelled in return, avoiding a wave of arrows aimed at them.
Steve's eyes widened at the revelation. “Do you think? That she’s allowing me to love?” he asked with hopefulness in his voice.
“We’re getting the hell out of here, that sounds like a good start, don’t you agree?”
“How was the funeral? Should I send you a couple more bodies over?”
“See? You say all those things and my people know nothing about that. They focus so much on training and learning to kill, that reading and writing, and even art is left behind. They just focus on making us real warriors, and don’t get me wrong, that’s not a bad thing but... it’s not just that that matters, right? There’s more.”
Steve didn’t want to break the kiss, he was eager to keep their tongues moving together, tilting his head into it and sucking Tony’s tongue into his own mouth. He pushed his body against Tony’s, feeling the coldness of his medallion through the fabric of the clothing against his chest.
“Thank you…”, he muttered and he truly meant it.
“If you’re uncomfortable...” Steve trailed off.
“Captain..? Can you hear me?”, Tony asked him, keeping his voice loud enough but not menacing, sounding calm and making sure that the crew members weren’t doing anything to get Steve’s attention.
Steve heard the jingle of the medallion around Tony’s neck as he moved closer to rest on Steve again, and he relaxed a little, his heart slowing back to its normal pace without the fear of having to go further than this. “I’m sorry...” he murmured, looking down at Tony.
“I need to say, I was waiting for this moment… It’s been far too long, after all.”
“I really love it too, that’s why I don’t want to categorise it,” Tony said, lifting Steve's chin a little. “I like what we have now, I don’t know what it is, but I like it.”
“Be careful with him, Steve. He might look like Tony a bit and share his name… but they’re not the same person.”, Reed replied as he gestured to Steve to follow him through a number of doors, a see through window cell separating them from who it seemed to be…Tony.
“Don’t knock it til you try it”, the soldier said, waving his stick at Tony.
Falcon and a couple of others walked in - one of the men was tall and broad with longer blonde hair and a long beard to accompany it. Another was a man with shorter brown, scruffy hair, carrying a quiver on his back with a bow resting in it.
“Those legs could kill a man if I wanted to.”
Even if he didn’t want to openly admit it, Stark was right. Something seemed off and he wouldn’t wait for him to find out, he had work to do on his own. And of course, he was right. Deep inside the Helicarrier’s armoury, he found weapons, weapons that brought nothing but bad vibes to him. He rushed back inside the lab, only to find Fury, Banner and Stark arguing. It wasn’t hard to figure out the topic of the argument.
The blonde’s mouth opened, letting out another small murmur as he felt the wetness along his neck, tilting his head to one side to give Tony more access to his porcelain skin, his hands gripping tighter ever so slightly.
Steve laughed. “Are you mocking me again, Spartan?” he asked.
Steve nodded. “You wish for me to sleep beside you?” he asked, looking over at Tony.
“Recognised, Rogers, Steven”, the message read on the side screen, the door opening with a soft noise. Tony must have altered his security systems, just like he said, and in under different circumstances, Steve would be curious to find out more about this new technology and how it worked, but now his priorities were laying elsewhere.
“It seems that your way with words is rubbing off on me then," Tony replied but he saw Steve shiver. “Are you still feeling cold?”
With the corner of his eye, he noticed a figure walking slowly in the distance. His shield was on his hand, ready to strike if that turned out to be Kang again or some of his low class goons. And yet, as the figure started to approach him, the possibilities of it being hostile were dropped down to zero. His lips were apart, his eyes were warm and his heart was beating so fast that he could have sworn that it could jump out of his chest any moment now.
Steve’s eyes widened; those kind of words weren’t carelessly thrown around, or at least weren’t supposed to be, but this was Tony they were talking about. His friend, the one person that gave him a home in this strange world he woke up to. Maybe discovering with him what he really felt about the billionaire wasn’t a bad idea at all, not when that kiss almost lit a fire inside him. That was probably it, he held a torch for that guy right there, with his fancy jacket and beard that has been by his side all those years in this strange second life he was living.
Tony winced. “I had to give my people what they wanted to hear,” he said, rubbing the back of his head. “They are Spartans; they don’t really want to hear about change, they love their city the way it is. They love war.”
“I understand him, you know.”, Tony spoke calmly. “Why he did this… you couldn't handle the thought that you of all people was done with him… that he lost your trust, that he was dead and gone in your eyes, that he betrayed you. He was strong, you know, I know he was. But every man reaches a breaking point and I'm confident that you were his…”, he said as he knelt down to face the tombstone properly. “He felt that he disappointed you, over and over again… He’s probably at ease now… knowing that he sacrificed his life for a good cause and restored himself in your eyes.”
“So you insult me in front of your people because it’s what they want to hear?” Steve said, rolling his eyes. “A man of the people.”
Steve Rogers appeared in his life like one of those god damn missiles he had to deflect every now and then. And according to Tony, he would rather deal with 10 of them instead of having actual feelings over a real person. Too much trouble for Tony to handle.
“See, told you it wasn’t my fault,” The dark haired archer muttered, only to receive a glare from the son of Zeus.
Tony didn’t reply, even though he knew that, as a son of Zeus, the man had more power over him.
He pulled up slightly; placing soft kisses on Steve’s back, not saying a word just yet just to enjoy the quiet, powerful moment they shared.
Her face was covered, but Tony was well aware of what she looked like beneath the mask, the question was how she was still alive and how the hell did she manage to follow them.
“I’m coming, Tony”, he said as he realised that his shield was nowhere to be found; most likely back to his quarter in the Tower, where he had left him before he set foot in Brooklyn. That was his plan, head back to the main part of the city, retrieve his shield and look for Tony. Giving the apartment one last look, he ran down the stairs and into the empty streets.
“This is... Interesting,” he said, examining it.
Steve held Tony closer, slowly drifting into a deep sleep, comforted by the warmth next to him. He felt the small movements of the man, the closer he would get, the more he would cling throughout the night. Steve didn’t know how their bond was formed so quickly, despite their arguments, but it was clearly one that was meant to be.
“I’m...fine, I think?”, he mumbled, fanning himself and sitting down, doing his best to cover his chest, the reactor being a giveaway of who he really was, but Steve seemed too preoccupied to save them both from burning up to notice. Now, that wasn’t really a crime, a teammate finding out who he really was, and someone like Captain America himself would definitely keep a secret if he was asked to do so.
“I have an idea!”, Tony said enthusiastically. “Quickly, get down, follow me!”
“Think of it, Herr Rogers... You are going to be part of something bigger... They call you the Captain, correct? Imagine how the rest of the troops in this hospital will see you... you can give those men their life back, inspire them...”
Steve's heart raced and he shook his head, genuinely confused at Tony, and at the feelings that kiss brought with it. “Affection?” he asked. “Why affection? What?”
“So.. is that it? You don’t care about me anymore, huh? What was all that future talk crap then? Oh Tony, we’ll get a house together one day! Can you imagine us being parents? Or growing up together? Huh? What was that? Why did you have to do that, Rogers? Why? Why make me.. why make me fall so much in love with you if you were going to give up anyway? Why? I need answers!”, Tony snapped, his shoulders violently shaking as he spoke, not having the strength to stand up.
Steve grabbed Tony roughly and switched places, pinning him up against the wall instead. “I am no coward,” he snarled through gritted teeth.
“I’m getting you some dry clothes and food, just ask if you need anything else, okay? No need to feel shy”
Steve carried on, moving on to the pottery. “I set an example, and I hope others notice and follow. Mortals aren’t weaker than us,” he said passionately, placing his scrolls down to lift a vase and examine it. “They are powerful in so many other ways.”
Tony let go of Steve and approached the telescope, patting it gently. “This? I made it myself, I saw some before and I sat down to make it. I can take it with me and show you tonight if you want to see what it does?”
“Good morning, Athenian," Tony finally said as their lips parted, their foreheads still touching, enjoying how close they were at that very moment and how Steve didn’t seem to pull away either.
“So, ever since you met me, have I ever stopped disappointing you?” Tony asked carefully, waiting for Steve’s reply.  “Should I give up hope?”
“Cap…?”, Tony called, holding back from shooting the super villain right into the centre of the hole. “Now..?”.
“Natasha, right?”, Steve recalled, scanning the room. The rest of the people were either watching tv, chatting or playing games of chess. Everyone was covered in some form of bandages, the place looked like a much neater and quieter battlefield hospital. The screams and blood that he saw when he was first recovered in the field were enough to wake him up from his sleep drenched in sweat and having difficulty in breathing. But there was nothing special about him, everyone in that room suffered from the same memories and were getting treatment from the hospital therapists. He spent hours with the therapist assigned to him, Jocasta, a woman in her forties who seemed to be more empathetic than her strict appearance made her to be.
“And why don’t I hide behind that man in Thebes instead? I told you that that was the human me, but you refuse to see that. You only see me as the cruel Spartan, that’s all I'll ever be to you,” Tony said as he approached him, pointing at him with his finger.  “And you should never, ever accuse me of hiding behind a façade when you’re doing the same, Steve.”
“You just expect me to sit here? Are you nuts? Let me go!”, Tony protested, hitting the glass but not really achieving anything.
“Oh yeah, they turn invisible, don’t worry. And yes, I can eat and drink”, Tony confirmed. “We just..need to be careful with this, my boss mustn’t know about this, not at all.. He’s huge and hard as a rock.. But it will work”, he finally replied, smiling at the thought.
Steve was the man who gave orders, not took them. Though his eyes couldn’t help but catch the sharp, strong line of Tony’s jaw along with the gentle shine that covered his face from the sweat and heat from the suit. Everything was perfect about him, his perfectly cut goatee and bright sapphire eyes that were glowing from the light emitted by the reactor. He’d fallen for Tony Stark; after all, Iron Man was his second love. Steve clenched his teeth even harder together, growling at Tony’s command. But the more he looked at him the more he wanted to move, he pounded his body against the metal suit, the loud knocking of his dog tags against the metal suit echoing in the large laboratory. He was trying to swallow down his moans but he couldn’t, he moaned even louder the more he admired Tony’s sharp features and how he seemed to want to dominate him, finally seeing the possessiveness in his eyes that he had yearned for, secretly.
“See you tomorrow, fairy boy.”
Steve was always comforted by the grip around him, that’s how Iron Man would hold him, that’s what he loved. Sure he couldn’t be the weaker one in their relationship, yet, but nothing stopped him from being submissive to Iron Man. He lifted his hips, his back tensed as he tried mimicking what Tony would do to him; he slowly lowered himself onto the hard, smooth object. His mouth opened again, letting a long drawn moan escape his lips, slowly pushing himself down on the hard cold metal that was now deep inside him. His body squirmed and his mind was trying to focus on his fantasy, even though this was surreal enough to be a fantasy.
Tony moved lower into the water, so his beard was touching the warm surface, keeping his eyes fixed on Steve.  “You clearly have her looks, you know”, he carried on. “I mean you’re really handsome”
“What, a tutu and a magic wand? I hear that a lot”, the fairy frowned as he fixed his tie; he was dressed in a black suit, complete with an ironed shirt and tie that matched his wings. “Yeah, we look nothing like the fairy tales you say tell to human kids. Some do, I’m sure, but not me”
Even someone like Reed, so focused to his work and not the greatest when it came to social skills, realised how stupid that question was.
Steve turned to Tony and then to the screen. It felt strange to talk to thin air and hearing someone reply back to him, he didn’t even know where to look at, so he decided to face the screen where the Stark Industries logo was spinning around.
Tony Stark wasn’t used to be rejected, not at all, if one thing, he was a well-known heartbreaker, and that wasn’t his fault (according to himself at least), he said it before: no relationships or all that commitment crap. That’s why being with Pepper didn’t work out, and realised that if he wanted to keep the people he cared about close to him,
“Captain Rogers, if you need anything at all, don’t hesitate to call me. I will be coming by tomorrow at 9 to pick you up”
“Is this what you put up with?”, Steve asked him, pointing at the elevator. “That sort of guys work for you?And you let them act like that?”
Steve had stepped outside, having opened the balcony door and stood by the ledge.
“Well, you have now proudly disproved, those myths and you know that my cooking skills are apparently some of the best around Greece," Tony said with a chuckle.
He pulled back slowly, looking at Tony with a soft, warm smile. “That felt good,” he said.
“You would call us friends, already?” he asked.
“Not at all,” Steve stated.
“Then I’m happy that I’m the first one to do so,” Tony said with a nod, rubbing Steve’s shoulder as he noted calm and relaxed he was, as opposed to the Steve from earlier who had shouted at him.
Steve scolded himself, reminding himself to stop looking surprised, he was going to see all this remarkable tech soon enough and he wouldn’t want to appear clueless. He was a fast learner, he might have appeared quiet but in reality he was scanning the screen that was shown to him, taking in and salvaging any information that he could gather with his tactical eyes.
They walked for so long, Tony showed him everything in the facility, from the smallest room with dozens of monitors inside to the actual chambers where the tests were going to take place, but also the lab where the artificial limbs were being developed. Steve looked through the glass window, his hands reaching for his missing legs, resting on his thighs instead. He didn’t realise until that moment how desperately he wanted them back again. It was painful, to see everyone around him performing the simplest tasks with such an ease when he was initially struggling to even get himself out of bed without help. He was used to offer his help to others, not being the one needing it. He strongly believed that he could offer more, and the chance to do so was robbed from him by a rogue missile. Of course, the case was being investigated, trying to put the blame on someone, but so far, nothing came to the surface.
He decided not to mention the fact that Happy told him a few things about his life, he wanted to hear them out of Tony.
“Do you want to talk about it..?”
“I’ll do it”, he finally gave his answer.
He finished his call and smiled to Steve as he passed him a towel.
“I’m going after him”, Tony replied, quickly putting his helmet back on and heading for the opening.
“I know it doesn’t.. I mean, I came to you because I thought that.. Let me start this again, all right?”, Tony huffed, thinking for a while. “I came to give you the shield back and ask if you were all right but since I’m here, I might as well.. Screw this, Steve”, he exclaimed, so annoyed with himself not being able to articulate properly.
“You’re glad because I’m alive?” Tony asked, holding onto Steve and enjoying his soft touch.
“And I’ll be the best student,” Tony reassured him. “I was top of my class before, I can do it again.”
Steve felt the cold overwhelm him, coughing up more blood as it began to pool in his throat, his body shaking. He looked up at Tony. “You... Always wanted to go...to Olympus together. M-maybe... I’ll... get there before you,” he said with a small, weak smile. He coughed a little more, trying to hold onto Tony’s hand. “I... I love you Tony... I fell... for you...” he stuttered, becoming weaker by the second.
“It’s as though you’ve never laid your eyes upon an Athenian before,” Steve said calmly, brushing his hair back into a neat quiff-like style, easily styled by the water.
“I’m following the orders that were given to me. Have a good night, Mr. Stark”, the sheriff replied and turned around, putting on his gloves and leaving the building.
“Rhodey! Long time no see!”, he exclaimed, making a silent ‘oof’ sound when the man pulled him close for a hug.
”, the British, elegant voice asked him, and Steve turned around to see if anyone walked into the room.
He loved Steve, he realised it. He truly did, and now he had just ruined every chance of letting him know that. “At least let me talk to him now, to say goodbye," he asked, only to get another glare. “Steve! Come back, please!" he said, surprising even himself. He had never pleaded before.
Steve rested against his warm skin, tangling their legs together as he moved closer to Tony, brushing their lips together even as he slept by the fire.
Steve felt the jolt again, but this time he jumped right back on his feet, sending two soldiers who charged at him across the room and on a desk full of monitors.
“No need to thank me, it’s the least I can do”, Tony said as he followed him outside. The way he felt when he touched Steve’s cold hand was so strange; their hands connected at once and they fitted perfectly in each other’s, almost like they were meant to do that. No, he had to shove those thoughts away and focus on helping Steve above all.
And then, when he was about to give up and start barking orders to prepare the saloon for its closure, the door slammed open, and a tall, blonde man stepped inside. Tony’s eyes scanned his surprisingly pale face, from his carefully parted hair to his piercing blue eyes, stopping by his chest to see the large golden star, looking all shiny as it was carefully placed on his dark blue waistcoat. The new comer held his hat between his fingers and took a look around
“Yes, there are two of them. One short guy with glasses, the other seems a bit..”, she stopped, trying to find a suitable word. “Strange.”
Moving on the large bed, he tried to think of a solution, before getting on his feet again and exiting the room, making sure that he was even quieter this time around. He passed by what it seemed Tony’s bedroom and stared at a door close to it, standing in front of it and trying to decide if walking inside was a good idea. As soon as he placed his hand on the handle, he felt something that made him pull away, almost like he was being bit by static.
“You have no idea”, Steve smiled at the photograph. “A fiery dame, she was.. One of a kind..”
“You’re my equal, Athenian. I would not bully you, you would be treated with respect,” he replied, his voice stern. “And if anyone tries anything...well, they’d have to deal with me. If you ever wish to come you’ll be an honourable guest and have full Spartan rights during your stay. And what if I ever decide to visit Athens?”
Tony was enjoying every single moment, taking in everything that was happening as Steve started to become even louder, panting and moaning, finally finishing while crying out his own name, something that filled him with so much more satisfaction than before, seeing how the liquid seemed to be running down Steve’s thighs and on to the suit, touching it with his finger and bringing it up to his lips, taking a teasing, smug lick, before pushing Steve’s hair out of the way.
Steve moved next to Tony and looked up, watching the gentle sparkling of the golden stars. “They look even clearer tonight.”
“So, this is the guy?”, Tony asked, faceplate sliding again to protect his face. “Seriously?”
He followed Steve inside and kept silent in order not to disturb anyone who was praying with the echo of his voice, looking around at the different statues. He stopped in front of a giant statue of Athena, looking proudly down at him with her helmet on, a large shield and spear to hand, along with her trusty owl. She seemed really intimidating and wise, much like her son.
Steve nodded to him and stood there for a moment before rushing outside, Tony’s question echoing in his head.
“Guns down!”, he ordered a group of men ready to interfere. “Don’t scare him away!”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Ma’am”, Steve nodded, shaking her hand and quickly following her. He was sort of relieved to notice that she didn’t slow down because of him.
Tony noticed how Steve seemed to be filled with sadness at the mention of his title, smiling sympathetically. “It was gifted to me by Hephaestus,” he explained, keeping a low voice as he raised the medallion a little, so Steve could inspect it more carefully. “I was lucky enough to learn by his side
A few days ago, when he was called in and told that his services were requested in Deadwood, his eyes widened in amazement. Deadwood, one of the country’s most notorious and busiest towns was going to be under his protection. But of course he had to be filled in about the man who basically ran the town; the famous Anthony Stark. Everyone knew his father, and now everyone knew his son as well, not because he was as important, but because he was a couple of things; a drunk, gambler, ladies’ man and an eccentric genius.
“Then that’s all the reason I need to go to Athens," Tony nodded, leaning forward to place a gentle kiss on Steve’s cheek. “Looks like I’m coming with you.”
“What is-”, Steve started to ask, interrupted as Tony stormed out the bathroom, with no intention of replying.
Although their words weren’t heeded by their people, their self-sacrifice did not go unrewarded. In the end they ended up together for eternity, resting with one another despite the quarrels of their parents, in their own peace, their differences set aside in favour of the overruling love that they had for one another. They were destined to be together forever in bliss and harmony.
Tony growled, shoving the arm away like Steve did earlier. This didn’t turn out well for neither of them. The meeting between Howard Stark’s son and Captain America sounded promising, but now it was nothing but disappointing, it was like none matched each other’s expectations.
Tony just watched him for a moment before moving slightly closer, his hand resting on Steve’s chest. “Thank you, Steve,” he said.
“Come on now…”, Steve sighed, throwing the sheets over the body in front of them and leading Tony out of the morgue. Instinctively, he placed his arm around Tony’s shoulder to help him keep his balance and calm him down, even a tiny bit, even though he knew that there was no way he could just calm down a man who just saw himself dead.
Steve relaxed, trying to figure out if he was doing the right thing, wondering whether he could really change destiny if he fought against it.
Steve got up, moving up to the window and shutting it, finally realising that he wasn’t alone in the bedroom. His eyes widened, letting out what it could resemble a battle cry and darting towards the man’s shadow, jumping over the bed and tackling him to the ground.
Steve smiled, but he was really mocking him. Tony’s reply satisfied him, only adding to his previous statements. He looked around, like he was searching for an approval ad he turned down to him again. “Always showing off, having a way out”, he said.
Steve bit down on Tony’s lips as finally Tony crushed them together, lucky his groans were masked as his tongue was sucked into Tony’s mouth, tangling them together, only breaking for a moment with trails of saliva glistening over Steve’s lips. He moved again and again, tilting his head up to stare at the ceiling.
“And what about Brooklyn? I said I have an apartment there..my belongings..?”
“You have a lot of homework, Tony”, Pepper sighed, leaving him alone, still looking at the different videos. That was a surprise. He personally knew about Bruce Banner’s situation, but Captain America being alive, and this godly looking fellow named Thor, SHIELD claiming that he was from a different realm, was  difficult to comprehend.
Tony rubbed his cheek in surprise after the kiss, smiling at him. “I’ll keep it in mind then,” he nodded as he placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “When you’re here, I will always be this Tony.”
“You didn’t put that into your application, why not?”
“No worries”, Steve said as he sat down on the couch, curious to see what Tony was planning. “We can just take it- What are you doing, Tony?”, he asked again, blinking as Tony started to unbutton his shirt, eyes fixed straight away on the piece of machinery on the centre of his chest, lighting up the dark, gloomy room.
Tony rushed to the direction of the voice, reaching the scientist who adjusted the glasses on his face and pointed at the screen, at what it seemed like-
His people and the locals were mostly rivals, but they offered him all the help he needed to find his way to Sparta, and he traded his knowledge for hospitality; some of them jokingly advised him to stay there and never return to Athens, something that he couldn’t take lightly, but he replied with a small, polite nod of his head, explaining that his allegiance stayed with his city, no matter what.
“Pride for what? Destroying you mercilessly? At what cost, Athenian? Until the next war? I thought you came here to prevent this, and well, I want to help you.” Tony let out a sigh. “Don’t leave, we can find a solution.”
“All he’s been talking about since yesterday and this morning was you. About the project, I mean. I see that it went absolutely fantastic, they seem to be working perfectly”, she pointed out, looking at his legs as well as they stepped inside a glass elevator.
That’s why talking to Steve about his feelings, in a more blunt way that he did before, took so much time. Rejection wasn’t exactly the problem in that case, no. He was actually scared. Terrified of losing what they had together, that the bond that they shared would be crushed. And then the war came. All those years of them two patting each other on the back, going on missions, talking for hours, laughing together over the least important things, teaching each other, falling to the ground. All that Tony wanted to say to Steve, he was forced to say it to a corpse, staring at his azure eyes, tightly shut now, body on a cold metal bed. Tears were streaming down his face as he confessed, blaming himself for the 1000
“And you must know who my father is!” The blonde said once more, a clash of thunder accompanying his words.
An overwhelming feeling took over him, and he was sure that Tony was talking in the background, probably asking if he was all right, but all he could hear was a very distant voice. He walked further inside, his hands trailing the dusty coffee table and the couch, staring at the shut door of where his bedroom used to be. Taking a deep breath, he pushed the door open, making the same creaking sound it used to do back in the day, remembering how he kept forgetting to ask the landlord if he was able to fix it.
“I told you I’m making more than just weapons," Tony nodded, taking it in his hands to show Steve how the front could spin at will. “And, thank you, it means a lot coming from someone like you.”
“Come..”, Steve lead them to the kitchen, their two cups sitting there, with steam coming out of them. “I got the hot chocolate ready but I need your help with the last bit.” With that said, he pulled out the biggest pieces of marshmallows that Tony ever saw, placing one at every cup - it was hardly able to fit in, which confused Tony. “Can you toast them for us? Like that one time that we made smores?”
“High tech prison cells, I'm impressed”, Tony snorted from the other side of the glass.
Tony shook his head, unsure of how to express himself. “I don’t think it is a custom anywhere but...no, I don’t think it’s rude unless you want to? I mean, do you like me as well?”
“We are friends, yeah...”, Happy mumbled, scratching the back of his head.
Tony looked straight back into the bright, clever eyes that he couldn’t take his own eyes from for long, not sure what to expect, not even sure what he wanted from him; his mind was blurry. He just knew that he wanted to stay there with Steve to be held and comforted. He reached out and traced Steve’s lips, admiring how perfectly shaped they were.
When he first told Steve about it, Steve laughed, admitting that to him, Tony smelled like sweet watermelons. It was a nice memory, and Tony remembered how they had a lot of those, like the first time they slept together, a soft song starting to play from the living room when they were both hugging each other, Steve turning around to Tony with a blush on his face. “
Tony blinked at what he thought that was a compliment. It sure felt like it, and for a reason he couldn’t explain, he held on to it a lot more than he thought he would.
“Because I’m really enjoying sitting here with you, just spend time together," he replied, sitting back again to let Steve touch him.
“Come on, you can’t be serious?! An Irish man who doesn’t drink? What kind of person is that?” Tony asked surprised.
Tony blinked; the blonde was obviously way more skilled than he initially thought.
Tony let go and moved to his earlier position instead, resting his head on Steve’s chest. “This is just as good,” he said.
“I see. Thanks for letting me know, Happy”, he finally replied, offering his hand for him to shake. “Take care, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“When did I bully you, Athenian? Was explaining the difference in our ways an insult?” Tony asked him, shaking his head as he moved around, trying to see Steve’s face. “I was trying to show you that I’m different than them, but you don’t want to let me, do you? And what about your talk earlier? That the fates brought us together?”
Tony nodded to him and lead the way down to the lobby, Happy having been informed and ready to drive them into Brooklyn. At first, he was surprised by the request; nobody drove there anymore, except for beggars and teenagers trying to act tough and explore the abandoned buildings, hoping to come up with a supernatural story to tell the rest of the kids in the block.
“No! I don’t care what happened to the Tony here, but I'm not going to sit down and accept to be treated like this!”
Steve looked down, his thoughts into overdrive. He had not been prepared for this onslaught when he went after the man.
Steve gaped at the ceiling, unable to intake any air as Tony pounded into him without mercy. Tears were falling from his eyes and saliva dripping down the corner of his mouth as he mind went empty of all thoughts except for
when you ask for something, love.”
His world froze and titled and he knew, he knew, he had to still be in a dream. His head snapped to the door and there he was. His Tony…
Steve rarely put in earphones when he was in the chair.
The feelings made Steve wished Tony kept sleeping with him at night but the solider had pushed to have his own space. At least to not risk the man getting elbowed in the gut, nearly breaking a rib, again after Steve thrashed from a nightmare. There was some comfort, though also incredibly unsettling, to figure Tony would give this to him for a few days before he would demand access back in the room at night.
people to know.
“Steve.”
“The fuck you doing with a salad?” Tony came over and looked at the open carton of food and huffed. “And from Applebee’s? Really? You have a couple of million in your bank account and I can’t drag you away from mediocre chains to save my life.” Tony still took a generous bite of the chicken salad, picked at it for a bit, and then took another bite. He wished he could’ve had more time to wake up and enjoy Steve’s breakfast but stealing food from Clint would have to do.
“I want a Totoro!” Clint cried out, pointing at one of the beautiful pictures of a sketch and a photo of the completed tattoo framed on the wall.
Steve always used his name. Always looked at him in the eye. Always apologized. Always tried. Was a scared young man who shuddered, who made mistakes, who had a snarky attitude, who's temper was used for something better, who was polite even to the nastiest of people...who made Tony feel more human than anything or anyone else ever.
“Not saying you have to do it now.” Sam finally conceded. “I get it. But man, I’ve seen guilt. It sticks for a long time. I just want you to hear that it’s ok. That you’re ok to be ok.”
“Thank god for that.” Tony moaned against Steve’s lips. “I don’t know how I can shut that off now that you allowed it out.”
“It was their own fault, dear heart. They failed to read the fine print. They always do. Calling me starts the contract…it allows me to step in and begin the process but it’s not the ending, so to speak. A contract needs signed.”
“Sure, Tony.”
“Not really.” Tony winced. “I’m pretty damn sure on a lot of things I want. It’s just saying them aloud is a little more personal that I expected.”
"I...it's a tattoo...just a--"
“Oh, oh right.” Tony continued to smooth his fingers over the man’s forehead as he remembered his father’s notes. After the serum it was like his body’s metabolism broke down three times faster than a normal humans’. Even when Steve was sleeping he was burning more calories than a regular person on a light jog. He was naturally warm person. It also meant he ate like an elephant. Tony made another note to restock their home with more food because who knows what was left after the Avengers made their way through. “What were his injuries?”
Tony took a deep inhale and focused himself and the tornado started to calm. His mind filled with clear, precise pictures of the next steps. Brilliant. He simply was brilliant. “Thor, after tonight, I need you to go back home and see how our deal with your father is coming. I want to get a move on those weapons he promised us.” Tony said as he stared down the god of thunder. "I plan on keeping my end of the bargain up with the Accords but Romanoff here has informed me there is already backstabbing afoot. I’d like to show them early on that this little rebellion,” he sneered at the word, “was a failure before their little minds started conceiving it.”
“The Avengers really need to stop interfering with our sex lives.”
“Really, conversation when you’re supposed to be working?” Brock drawled.
“Suppose it has been.”
It took him by surprise to realize he was nearly done before three hours had passed. He wouldn’t be in charge of decoration, that would come down the timeline when they were stable and the men could afford trips into bigger cities. He felt lucky they were able to salvage some of their old furniture and have it deliver to the manor before hand. Not much, only three beds and two wardrobes but something to keep them comfortable for the time.
A tear spills down his pale cheek.
into Tony Stark, the man avowed to himself, before he executes Stark for his crimes for the whole world to see.
This is the first time Steve has been able to muster enough courage―to down enough of his pride, if he is being brutally honest with himself―to begin unraveling all of the tangled thoughts and memories in his head.
With a trust that Steve doesn’t deserve, Tony does.
even as his eyes welled and overflowed with tears. “Fuck, Cap,” he said, between heaving for breath his sobs and laughter barely left, “if that’s your worst, then you’re a fucking
He gets himself perpendicular to Tony and folds the man’s legs over one of his arms, keeping them raised above Tony’s heart level, and uses his other hand to keep track of the pulse at Tony’s too-thin wrist.
“Whoa, whoa, guys, this is not me! This is not me! The suit is moving on its own. Why is it―where are we going? Friday?” Bruce struggles within the confines of the Hulkbuster, trying for naught to halt the suit’s movements.
. She’s quite the lad.”
Laura bites her lip to hide her snickers. “I’m sure Steve was very pleased.”
Steve hangs his head. Fair enough. “I’m getting you to Reed,” he informs, rather on a whim after the quiet stretches out for several seconds. “He has the resources to help, and I―”
Not this. Not now, not
Carol had looked immeasurably distraught at the news that Tony was refusing all visitors and stomped back out with tight, angry movements.
Steve managed the dregs of a smile. “Tell him yourself,” he replied, trying for a joke that fell flat, “when he gets back home.”
“‘Uce…” Tony breathes; his eyes are glassy and fever-bright. He’s on his right side, his left arm being held up over his torso by a scrubbed-down Rhodey. “D’t’urts.”
He lays his hand over those knuckles and squeezes gently. “I’m picking you up,” he warns.
It went both better and worse than he thought.
He still remembers that first time he peered into Iron Man’s eye slits and found a pair of piercing cerulean staring back at him. When he met Tony Stark some hours later, he knew immediately who had to be behind that iron mask.
“I’m very sorry, Mister Rogers,” the anesthesiologist says. She looks like she means it, too.
Tony’s diaphragm finally relents its attack enough to allow him room to breathe.
Bruce seems to get it, finally. “I―Sorry, I know this is probably no one’s scene.”
” the guy on screen says, pointing and clapping at the crowd. “
Hulk huffs, annoyed, but he doesn’t hesitate in extending his hand towards the demigod. Thor grips his hand, nods at the rest of the Avengers in assurance.
Under his palm, Tony’s heart is galloping at an irregular staccato, thudding and fluttering in odd terms. His blood isn’t pumping right, as if the muscles of his heart were―
Amanda rolls her eyes, but she obliges, nonetheless. “So dramatic, Tony. I’ve no idea where you get that from.”
” Tony flaps a hand, “
Someone in the crowd screams, “
Tony woke up seventeen days ago. He’d asked for him, Rhodes said, for the brief time he was awake.
Then, only as Thor relents his post as door sentry to lay sideways over the small space allowed at the foot of the bed, something in Steve finally eases. They may be missing half their numbers, but their little family still manages to be complete.
Two chapters in two days?! Le gasp! The world is ending!
Also, another part of the
Tony hadn’t been alive in those dreams.
Bruce comes over, checking over wires and tubes and monitors, as Thor leans closer into Rhodey’s space with a hopeful look to steal some of the sweets. “Has he moved?” he asks the room at large. “I’d really rather not have to stitch you up again.”
the crowd cheers―”
Rhodes and Richards had been trying to downplay the whole ordeal, but Carol has had no such qualms―from the very get-go, she has been painting a very clear picture of whom exactly she is blaming, starting with a rather simple text:
bullshit me
he cries into his hand.
“Budge over, Miss Strong,” Natasha says, as casual as you please, having been done with rummaging through the mound of presents like a curious cat. “I need to record his face for later use as blackmail.”
He brushes away some wisps of hair from Tony’s face, presses the backs of his fingers to Tony’s cheek to gauge his fever. “Go back to sleep, Tony.”
Fallon reclaims his seat, turning towards the band along the wall. “
Bruce looks up, startled, but he’s careful to keep his hands steady. “Sorry,” he says, contrite.
written by Matt Fraction.
Bucky hefts the shield off his back. “We’ve got this,” he asserts and launches the shield with the full strength behind his left arm. The vibranium sings as it slices through the air―and straight through the chains holding Steve down.
The cracking mewl that incites deep from Tony’s throat yanks at their heartstrings. “
Steve wisely doesn’t comment that, short of an apocalypse, Tony wouldn’t come back even if there weren’t a manhunt for his head underway. “I know, Carol,” he replies with patience he doesn’t feel. “We’d be playing right into Osborn’s hands and doing no one any favours.”
Steve stays silent. He doesn’t know what to say. What could he possibly say?
“Yeah, well, there’s a lot that we need to do, and it’s all for fucking
Tony is hurt―Tony
, he berates himself.
phenomenal
―” She cuts herself off as her anger bleeds over into gathering tears. Her face heats, and she bites, hard, at her bottom lip.
“I’ve missed you,” Tony says, a soft whisper in the approaching dawn.
Spider-Man yelps as he scrambles to strap in, hastily pulling the harness across his chest and buckling it down. “How not gentle are we talking? Because I want to come out of this with at least three fingers still attached to my body.”
Tony sighs, heavy and warm into his mask. The pained frown over his visage slowly disappears as he falls deeper into unconsciousness.
Right, Steve recalls abruptly. Extremis.
Rhodey jerks his head in a brief
It’s Carol, worried over Tony’s unsteady condition, that finds the note, mere moments after Tony has already disappeared beyond the atmosphere.
Rhodey and Bruce choose that moment to enter the room. “We late?” Rhodey asks.
But the staff sympathize with him. They give him bits and pieces of updates, but they ultimately still send him home, tell him they will call if Tony wakes up and asks for him. The director wouldn’t refuse Steve entry then, they assure.
Rhodey slowly lowers Tony’s arm back onto the table.
And then he goes back to the living room, where Tony is asleep on the couch. He’s moved around a little, sleeping on his side instead of on his back; he’s burrowed even more deeply into the folds of the blanket he carries around everywhere with him. When he reaches his side, Steve understands why.
Thank you so much for all of the love this has received!
“I’m not here for Tony,” Rhodes says.
Is staring up at him in wonderment.
(See the end of the chapter for
” Steve’s voice floats from the floor below.
saving the world”
The man in question nods sagely from behind a set of drums. “
Tony would never believe him unless he saw it with his own two eyes. Tony isn’t very good with himself like that, Steve knows. He’s always been a strange dichotomy of self-hatred and arrogance.
“That’s―all right,” the woman replies. The lilt of her tongue, different as it to what he has accustomed to hearing, is almost surprising. “I’m here to see my son.”
hey, hey,” he cups his hand along the curve of his jaw, trying to hold him up, and taps lightly at his cheek with the other, “Tony, stay with me. What’s―what’s wrong? C’mon, don’t do this―”
. I―”
Osborn's lines credit:
“No one else can fly this thing, why else?” he replies, flicking through the pre-flight sensors. Spider-Man is still hovering over his shoulder. “Strap in, kid; I’m not gonna be gentle on take-off.”
The signs were all
“We couldn’t save you,” she laments, voice haggard with old pain. “We couldn’t keep
“Yeah,” He looked out his window at the glorious New York skylight. It wasn’t as impressive in the afternoon as it was at night but it was a nice view nonetheless. It did feel a bit unfair to dangle such a sight in front of Steve and not let him go and appreciate it. “Ok. But, not until I feel comfortable about this Hydra thing and Nat is free to protect my baby’s fine ass if things go south. I want you or a program of your design working on this rumor twenty-four-seven, got it?”
"It's personal and a bit hard to put into words."
“Ah,” Tony came up and cupped Steve’s face, the stones whirling close, as if studying the man their master had chosen. “What a terrible fate. Tell me…you think he’ll bow once I bring them back? He would be an excellent guard for you. I’m sure saving his family will ensure he does everything he can for me.”
“In three days? You’re behind three seasons. You’re going to kill yourself if you binge it.”
“Mine, fuck, fuck, mine, MINE.” With a few last powerful thrusts that left the bed quaking, Tony whited out with Steve tumbling after him with a high-pitched cry. Their stomachs filthy and slick but Tony didn’t care as he allowed his arms to give out so he could collapse and cover the dazed Steve.
“Tony,” Steve layered him with such a look, “I punched a man after he peeled the skin off his face and revealed he was literally a talking red skull.”
Steve kept his eyes on him the entire time, leaning closer to take a better look at those clever, blue eyes, illuminated by the reactor’s light coming out from Tony’s open shirt. After spending so much time with Tony, this was the most emotional talk that he had with him, and the fact that he considered him some sort of a guardian only made his heart fill with newfound joy. He needed that, he needed to know that someone really needed him there, especially when he thought that he couldn’t offer anything to this newfound world, not at this state.
“I could go there," he said as he moved quickly, his red chiton flying behind him. “What are you planning there? You know, we don’t have those in Sparta.”
“Have a seat, don’t be shy,” Tony nodded as he moved to one side, watching Steve carefully. “My home is your home."
“I don’t think that you’re allowed to be angry. You were giving yourself to a suit of armour instead of me”, he said with a soft hiss, moving Steve’s hips up and down the metal length.
From the hill they could see the lights of fires lit in people’s homes and the other buildings, the small dots flickering now and then. Steve would go there to think when he needed space, knowing that few people were able to enter the armoury or make the long voyage to get to it. “You seem to be good with luck,” he said. “I mean, you have a lot of it, it seems.”
His eyes fell on the monitor on the desk with the keyboard sitting by it. Staring at it, he took a deep breath and sat down on the chair, looking at the black screen.
Tony leaned closer, adjusting his suspenders.
The metallic doors opened, and Tony walked ahead to swipe a card across a door with the number “1” on it.  “It’s not much, we are staying here for a couple of days so it should be fine”, he said, scratching his head as he settled down the large red couch. Steve was standing by the door, suitcases still in his hands as he was looking around, mouth wide open. He wasn’t exactly used to luxury yet, but the place in front of him was so fancy and well decorated to Tony’s personal style that he couldn’t help but walk slowly around, examining every piece of furniture and decoration. He placed the suitcases by the enormous king sized bed with soft, bright blue silk bed sheets and sat down by Tony. “Not much? Only you could say that, you know”, he smiled.
There shouldn’t have been a moral dilemma for Steve, but of course, he wouldn’t help it but create one. The project was unique, one of a kind, and could give birth to so many more projects that could help not only soldiers, but everyone else, anyone in need. The possibilities were endless, and being the stepstone for something great really filled him with a sense of righteousness, of responsibility.
Steve felt the touch to his rear and scooted back a little, turning properly to look at the suit, “What are you doing?” He asked in his normal cautious manner.
Steve looked up at Tony, confused as to why he'd moved, searching his face curiously as he nodded once more.
“Steve Rogers”, Steve said before Tony could reply and nodded to him, not wanting to shake the other man’s hand.
“Why wait? I’ve seen a projector in the living room, I can set it up for us..”, Tony said as he got the film reel in his hands and stormed out, pulling the dusty furniture at side, the old projector in the corner of the room on full display now.
“I’m good just.. my back hurts a bit..”, he coughed.
Steve took a better look at him. He was just an inch or two shorted than him, that carefully trimmed, almost to perfection, beard covering part of his face. He was sure that the fairy man noticed the height difference because he immediately fluttered his wings and lifted himself off the ground, looking at Steve with a smug expression plastered on his face.
“I’m fine, don’t you worry," Tony reassured him, giving his back a soft kiss. “Just tell me if you want me next to you.”
His smile was so normal, so much like his old self that Natasha had to look away.
“What? My art too deep for your shallow, dry Russian soul?” Tony huffed as he unnecessarily smoothed out his goatee. “Rude.”
When people, however, started to search for information on Steve for this gossip columns issues would present themselves. They'd find nothing on the beautiful man which would spark questions. Perhaps Tony should look into faking a birth certificate and past. He’d probably need to use some of S.H.I.E.L.D’s abilities but that could work and no one would ever be the wiser.
Never.
Steve opened his mouth and allowed Tony to push three fingers in. He licked, nibbled, and swirled his tongue. He was very aware of a new flavor on the fingers and he liked the idea he could taste the skin of their cocks.
Hill grins savagely. Shooting some dirtbags in the face is what she lives for.
Tony only shakes his head, a fist pressed into the arch of his eye socket.
Tony shakes his head, adamant.
Steve has to curl his hands into fists so that he doesn’t reach across the kitchen island like he yearns to when Tony starts rubbing a thumb against the arch of his brow. “The Extremis is,” he breathes heavily, “―it’s damaged extensively; I haven’t been able to access it since the Invasion. Osborn won’t find anything besides brain matter in here.”
He sits by Tony’s bedside, instead, and waits until the man hits the deepest stages of REM.
Rhodey doesn’t question the logic of those trains of thoughts, but he raises a brow expectantly at Bruce. “Doctor?”
Tony is home, safe and mending―nothing else will matter for a little while longer.
“No!” Clint shouts back. “And stop yelling, or you’ll wake up the small one!” No one bothers to point out the hypocrisy.
He rushes forward, swoops Tony into his arms as tightly as he dares. He buries his face in Tony’s shoulder and inhales deeply. There’s a strong whiff of antiseptic, but, just under there, a smell unlike no other.
At some point, Thor had taken Tony from the Hulk’s arms into his own, so it is Thor that lays the fallen Avenger onto the metal slab, almost reverent in his carefulness. The demigod’s eyes are troubled.
“Friend Hulk,” Thor says, “every moment we waste here is a moment less that Stark doesn’t have.”
“You’ll damn them all,” Tony interrupts. There is firmness even in the fragility of his voice. And an ever-growing desperation. “This is why I left. This is why I kept everyone at an arm’s length, why I―” He breaks off abruptly, breathing heavily. His chest rises and falls sharply with exertion as he stares down at the man kneeling before him. “I
The worst part was that Tony couldn’t be convinced that
and I was believing and saying all of the wrong things about you because I didn’t want to
The tears spill unbidden from his clenched eyes, soaking into the thick cloth of the blankets.
“We need to go.”
“He will,” Steve says with all the confidence he doesn’t have.
Colonel Rhodes’ voice cuts off as the door slams closed.
Steve stands firm under her stare, ignoring the prickle of tears―he deserves that. There’s no forgiveness for what’s he’s done to Tony Stark―there will never be any forgiveness for the lies he has told, the hypocrisy of his words in years past, the emotional and physical pain he has caused.
“Having your whole world turned upside down again―in the span of a year―” Sam says. “Especially in the way he did...Stark is a tough son of a bitch, I’ll give him that.”
He’s stuck on a fucked up planet with a fucked up gravity and a fucked up moon―a moon that had tried its damned best to squash him like an itty-bitty bug.
A hunk of metal, oval and metallic, is hurtling through the atmosphere. It burns like a shooting star, but the heat does nothing to impede the Hulk from bracing against the small ship. He roars, willing his momentum to slow down his cargo.
“My boy,” the woman breathes, and it is obvious to everyone in the room that her voice has become thick with tears. She’s careful with all of the lines running from Tony’s body as she takes her place besides Tony on the large bed. Carefully, with reverence, she cradles one of Tony’s hands in one of hers, and it is only because of this that Thor does not haul her away. “I thought you were dead.”
,” it continues, a quiet tremble to the voice, “
It’s like Tony can’t help himself, as if he has to leap at every opportunity to invalidate his value to others. It frightens him to the core that Tony has this darkness inside himself that lets him believe he’s someone that doesn’t deserve to be saved. To be loved and cherished. To be mourned if―God forbid―anything were to happen to him.
Thor doesn’t quite manage a smile. “And I caught you both.”
He’s shaking, trembling so badly his teeth are chattering. His skin is shimmering with a layer of sweat, so pale his flesh looks paper-thin.
Steve had no words to defend himself. Is he any better than Osborn for having almost murdered his friend, even if has found forgiveness?
Stark!” Osborn’s voice booms. He’s advancing again on the prone figure, his voice rising and rising in deranged fervour.
Natasha rounds the corner from the kitchen, carrying bowls of popcorn. “What’s all the excitement about,
Tony’s answering smile is tremulous. “I may want to throw something at you,” he acquiesces. He shivers violently, the metal of the cuff rattling against the frame of the sidearms. And, as if that had been a signal, what little strength he had been carrying through sheer force of will appears to slough off him by the second. “I’m...I’m, uh, pretty sure the―the thing, w’th th’...medical attention...z’, uh…”
“I don’t think I can forgive Tony for what he did,” Peter says quietly. “Even if he was trying to protect me, in his own way.” He turns to look at Steve, gives him a small smile. “But I still care about him.” His smile fades with coming memory, and he turns his head away. “I’ve known Osborn to be a horrible man, but I always thought he’d be my responsibility to deal with. Out of everyone, I never thought Tony would ever get caught in the crossfire. I don’t know why―we cross the same villains all the time―but it caught me off guard. Osborn’s obsession with me, with my identity―”
that the man would never allow himself to have.
’ Sam mouths.
He wants Tony back.
His brows burrow deeper, and then his eyelids are blinking open and closed with recalled memory. “
Stark’s body, kicked with the epic strength of an Iron Man suit, slams into the metal wall with a sickening thud and crumbles into a beaten heap at its base.
Thor settles the ship Hulk-first and allows for the Hulk, in turn, to settle the ship onto the soil. The movement is surprisingly gentle―less a bull in a china shop and more a large dog that doesn’t know its size.
Sam’s leg nudges him. “Steve, man,
“Do you know if…”
―” They’re sitting up straight, entranced and baffled.
. And you know the only thing any of us regret?” She pauses, as if to allow a response, but Steve knows it’s rhetorical―and he doesn’t think she’d listen to anything he has to say at the moment.
to give Tony what he wants. Everything Tony dreams of, everything he had sung for in his song in haunting, pain-wrought tones―he wants to give Tony
The stab wound is thin and long, clean at the edges like it’s been done with something laser-sharp. There are metal particles―
Tony grins. “
There’s a brief flit of piano keys. The spotlight begins to illuminate the lone figure before the black instrument.
you could do is stand up to the goddamn President of the United fucking States and tell him where to shove his scapegoating
“Oh, for fuck’s sake―”
, he was screaming
“Steve,” Tony interrupts quietly, the loudest register his voice can manage. “There’s nothing to forgive.”
Post-mission and post thirteen months after what has been dubbed by the media as the Avengers’ ‘Civil War,’ what has remained of the team is crowded around Barton’s TV. It’s safer here, in their own backyard, where the governments of the world would be least likely to search for them. Where it’s closer to Tony, should the man call. If he’ll ever call.
Osborn stood over the two prone figures. “Captain America,” he’d said, face masked by the metal armour, “you’re under arrest.” He snapped two fingers. “Agent Gormley, get this man in chains. He’s complicit in whatever
“Tony,” Steve tries again, scooting forward in his seat on the coffee table to place a tentative hand against Tony’s knee, “I’m so, so
“Hulk strongest,” Hulk insits.
Thor immediately tenses and briskly stomps across the room to dump the presents back on Clint’s arms.
“I’m fine,” Tony is in the middle of lying when there’s a couple of knocks on the door.
Scrotum Chin just decimated half of the universe in an insane quest to
Steve soothes a hand down the length of Tony’s back, setting up a circular rhythm. “Hey, no,” he murmurs, “take your time; you just take your time, all right? I’m not going anywhere.” And, despite himself, there’s something warm that is blossoming in his chest at being able to hold the other man like this―to offer what comforts he can, to feel the solidly of his body against his own.
“Steve,” Tony breathes shakily.
Bucky shoots on instinct.
Well, not really.
This took waaay longer to finish writing than I was expecting, but, hey, extended Spring Break = more Writing Time! Yay!
The corner of Tony’s mouth twitches minutely, unrecognizable unless one is looking for it―and Steve is; he knows how uncomfortable Tony gets with genuine praise. “
,” he tells, very seriously to his mother.
Spider-Man is
Tony’s gaze fleets over to the near vicinity of Steve’s eyes for the briefest moment. He huddles the layers of blankets closer to his chest and doesn’t say anything.
The line drifts off with the soft strokes of the piano.
because of
Over Tony’s head, Bruce is shooting Rhodey a flummoxed expression.
Steve can’t manage to say it. He can barely think it.
“You have no right,” she continues, softly enough to almost be a whisper. “You’re my friend, too, Steve; I’ve always looked up to you―but, god, what the hell were you thinking? He gave
Hulk picks Tony up like a limp ragdoll, the latter’s body folding with the gentle movements. His head lolls, his neck loose, so Hulk runs a careful finger under the man’s head and accommodates it at the crook of his massive arm. He cradles Tony’s unconscious body like this, holding him close to his chest, and then runs the back of a knuckle softly over blood-crusted skin―Tony’s alive and breathing, the most beautiful thing the Hulk has seen since a time too long. His lips twist with displeasure.
She’s not alone.
One of the doors opens to allow Natasha in.
Steve is familiar with Tony suddenly fainting.
She leaned in, breath huffing through her nose in tightly controlled anger, and said, low and deadpan, “I hope you’re fucking happy.”
He coughs with the pain and curls tighter and tighter around the arm wrapped around his waist. It hurts like a sonuvabitch. Yet nothing can compare to the pain in his chest, the ache in his left arm as his breath tries to seize and stutter with every strained beat of his heart.
The knocks come again. “
Tony groans, both in pain and too overwhelmed to sort through the rattle of his mind. “Don’ know,” he mutters. “S’no’ m’play.”
The Avengers stand in close ranks, waiting.
Steve smiles self-derisively to himself. “Even when I do shit like this?”
Steve flexes his fists and watches Tony pant wetly into the blankets like he just ran three marathons back to back. Tony’s forehead is lolling against his covered arm in that telltale way that tells Steve he’s dizzy enough to become sick.
” he deflects easily, much to the joy of both Fallon and the crowd. “
He rubs the heel of his palm, ever so gently, into the tense muscles directly below Tony’s shoulder blades and is gratified when the tension slowly starts to leak from the man’s body right along with his calming sobs.
Tony took a moment to stare…ok; even he could admit a talking raccoon in a space outfit apparently fawning over Thor was a new one. “I suppose you’re talking about me?”
Steve quickly shook his opened hand and then pressed his hands back under his arms. “Steve.”
Now Tony pouted, “I was clearly giving you more attention. And, really, testing you?”
Bruce groaned in misery. “Seriously, I could be watching videos of pandas versus nannies. Why am I here if just to be tortured?”
“Right. Again, we’ll play up we’re the good guys here. We’ll let it be known it was an official from the government but not someone who speaks for all the people. This could really tarnish the country’s looks even if it’s some rogue general.” Tony bit his lip and his eyes trailed over to Steve’s monitor again. His heart sped up over the thought of Steve awakening to his country in such turmoil. “Actually, for now, let’s not punish the whole group.”
He shook himself out of his thoughts and looked at Pepper at his side. “Was I lost there?”
“Just for a short while.” Steve said in a firm but comforting tone. “I’d rather not cook much until I can ensure there is nothing blocking the stove…and to get it a bit cleaner.” He looked over at the stove and oven, which were a bit worse than wear in the house. “It worked well enough last night so it should do us good, no need for replacement, but I’d rather not risk anything.”
“Yes. I am.”
“Well,” Tony actually looked a little flustered, “yes.”
“Yeah, it is.” Tony kissed him again. “On some level. It really is.” His hand cupped the side of Steve’s face. “You have PTSD and some heavy-hitter depression. Probably anxiety to boot…you don’t handle it the same as me, but it’s there, clear as day. And you…your…" a pained expression went over his face as he tried to bite the words out, "suicidal tendencies…”
“I…it what?”
“T-Tony,” was there any other word in his vocabulary? Steve wasn’t sure. He also really, truly didn’t care. The feeling was astounding. He felt better than he ad in his life. His senses were on fire and everything felt, tasted, and smelled erotic. He couldn’t quite place any other adjective to it…but he wanted more. It was addicting.
He said nothing.
"I've wanted one for the Avengers for some time now." He pulled his hand back to smile at the design. "Just seems after everything it felt fitting to finally get it."
Tony threw back his head and laughed, it was such a gorgeous sound that had not been heard for some time. “Holy shit.”
And there he goes again. Tony just apparently said whatever came into his head with no filter. Steve appreciated it. Sort of.
‘Not that I would use Tony.’ Steve scolded himself. ‘He deserves more than that. But still…’ his lips felt uncomfortably un-kissed. He rather liked that part from the previous day. Wasn’t that a given to-do for any stage of a relationship?
“Wait…really?
It felt odd to see himself up on a wall that clearly meant so much to Tony.
Tony managed a chuckle as he started to find himself again, “Yeah…that is a word for it.”
to everyone, when she shooed him off.
“The fuck does that even mean?” Tony sniffed, wiping his eyes, hating that he was crying.
“Yet you just sort of…appeared?” Steve tried to weigh his options. Should he make a run for it? The man was blocking the exit. Scream—probably not, no one would come to his aid. Attack? That seemed very, very unwise. Of course, his ridiculous curiosity said stay.
“Perhaps you should check my hardwire, sir. I’d hate for something to be amiss and not to your liking. Ah, Barton is calling. Do you want me to patch him through?”
“But it wasn’t love?”
“Yes,” Steve smiled to himself at the attention. “I take it you liked that, daddy?”
“True. Bucky is still pretty sour over that.” He looked down at his wrist, still keeping it in sight, just wanting the man to take it, touch him…he decided just Tony giving him any sort of attention was more than good enough. “He really thought his thighs and face would always be enough to have a woman swoon in his favor.”
“Be inside of you?”
“You ready for the fallout?” She sipped her champagne.
“Please, Tony, please. Do it all to me, please, oh god, please, please.”
The two days Steve remained close to bed Tony was there. Tony was basically everywhere. He was even sleeping with Steve, holding him tight and waking him with tender words when Steve found himself shaking from a non-existent cold and unable to breathe because there were so many things around him.
The voices splintered against his skin and he was dropped back into inky darkness with a splash.
“God,” Tony’s shoulders slumped as he groaned out, “dammit, Nat.”
“Well…”
“YES! Too forward, you bastard! Now get off!”
“Had to get them drunk to get some information out of them. Earned a chunk of cash though.” He shrugged.
“If he weren’t my brother I’d have a hard time understanding what he meant. He left the home after only a few minutes. He worried to overstep his welcome. But he said as he was leaving, he turned to…well he was not sure why. He just felt like he needed to. And he saw a figure at that large window.”
“Now what the fuck is going on?” He checked over the blinking messages and paused. His heart leapt to his throat and he was on his feet in an instant. “J-Jarvis? No...it wasn't supposed to be until tonight.”
Like,
Steve chewed the inside of his cheek, “Would…that help a lot of people?”
Steve laughed as Josh walked him through the entirety of the tattoo. Once he was done, Steve had to confirm again that it was perfection. There was no guarantee who would get this imprinted on them (Clint was a safe guess though) but Steve needed it.
He’d need to make the room Steve awoke in dark but not too dark, an unassuming dim to not hurt his eyes and not make him believe he was trapped. The room should not have anything too scarily obvious in advancement but they did not want Tony to hide things from Steve either. The room should be slightly warmer since it was likely his mind may wake up believing he was still in the submerging aircraft. Tony would need to speak softly and slowly and with a lot of patience. But don’t treat him like a slow-witted fool, they had warned him.
“It’s either bland sarcasm or me talking about pushing my cock into you—” he was smacked again. “Ow!! Stop that!”
"I'm sorry, Tony."
“I suppose that will have to do, then. You have enough to start on fixing some of these holes?”
No. NO.
"Sorry babe.” Natasha shrugged, not sounding apologetic at all.
“Just a little on me,” Tony hissed as he pulled his jeans down a little to free himself. “I want it to hurt a bit.”
Perhaps it was just the paranoia of his new acquaintance, but staring at the house as he came back felt like he was walking into the mouth of a hungry creature.
Steve looked down at their hands. “Alright.”
Huffing, Tony released his grip on their cocks and brought his fingers up to Steve’s mouth. “Suck.”
And Steve still held on to his, what he was coming to realize old-fashion, morals. He’d been sort of…well, ravaged before and yeah he liked the physical part of it though not what it did to Peggy, but that did not change the fact he’d appreciate actual romance and not some romps in the sheets. At least for his first time, thank you very much.
“Fuck.” Tony grunted, “Fuck, yes. Keep saying that. Keep saying those things.”
“I’m a science experiment, war veteran, and nearly a hundred. I don’t think I need a bedtime.”
“We? Aren’t games supposed to be against one another?” Steve noted. “And you planning on getting off of me anytime soon or…?”
It looked like Clint was about to accept the challenge, his eyes lit up of doing something stupid, eager for a fight after seeing Steve’s abilities.
“Right, avoid the Beagles in cages.”
“—you been?”
Steve had enough of the promises and grabbed Tony’s face to kiss him eagerly, hoping to tempt him in completing all these threats. “Do it, do it, oh god do it.”
"I will miss you, Tony."
"Have you seen enough?" Steve pulled back, his face pale, as he reached for his shirt to pull it back on. He couldn't do this...this...whatever it was. He wanted to for Tony but this...no, it was too much and he couldn't...
“Yes.” Pepper said.
Steve, who had nearly drifted back off into a haze of lust, looked at him in surprise. “Really?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t do it sooner.”
“I don’t think I told you this yet, but you look nice.” Steve motioned to him. It was the truth. Tony looked gorgeous in the suit. He looked powerful and demanded attention from all eyes.
. Steve is not...he's not part of this. He's not going to be part of this. You stay the hell away from him."
“Is that jealousy I hear, you harlot?” He grinned, clearly trying to shrug off the emotions overwhelming him.
Zemo paused and scowled at Steve, “What the hell are you talking about?”
“God, that’s
"No." Steve shook his head. "I said that. It fed into my anger but
“Guess that’s true.” He looked around his workstation as the door
“Government?”
“Fuck, you are too cute.” Tony growled. “Do you even know the things you say are adorable?”
“Yep, a brat.” Natasha grinned.
Tony grabbed him, spun him around, and shoved him up against the wall. Instantly, his body was pressed tightly against Steve’s and he started to grind, leaving Steve to see stars, and let out a surprised breath that Tony swallowed instantly in a demanding kiss.
“T-Therapy?” ok, now Steve was really struggling to keep up. He tried to backtrack: first Tony was giving him the cold shoulder, then he was giving Steve a chance, then he was angry, then he asked for a visual on the tattoos, then he was touching Steve, then he was angry again, then lecturing, then more touching, then more lecturing, then laughter, then kissing, now more lecturing….
He had not realized he was shaking until he reopened his eyes after his heart started to ease up. His stomach gave an unsettled lurch at the thought of finishing his breakfast and pushed the remaining bites in the disposal.
“Just for a few seconds.” She smiled. Her lips were painted with bright red lipstick and her white dress was both professional and sexy as it hovered over her knees but had a spectacular view of her collarbone and back. “I don’t blame you though. You should have a lot on your mind. Hopefully that means that you will finally crash, pass out, and sleep properly.”
. Now, try again," his fingers danced over Steve's palm, "why does it make you uncomfortable?"
Didn't mean he had to like the idea of it. Or accept it.
Tony huffed with smugness. He really was a genius. “And?”
“Anyone else here you see who has clearly lost his marbles?” The creature sneered in what was a clear Brooklyn accent. “Ya reek of the crazy.”
“I don’t think you’d ever do that.” Tony talked over him, stopping his fretting over the word. “Here, I want you to. I think it’s only fair someone else is as emotionally naked,” his tongue darted out at the word, “as you are right now. It’s ok.”
“Hmm, so I’ve noticed.” Tony began to nibble at Steve’s neck. “So how were you going to help me with this problem?”
“Oh…” Steve gasped out lowly, looking at his lover up and down. “What is it?”
“I will NOT allow that as a nickname outside of sex.”
“I thought we were going to talk about that later.” Tony sulked.
“Hush, love.” He growled, he was not sounding quite like himself. “I’ll let you talk soon…let me say all of it. Please…fuck, I’ve held this in for so long. Just finally telling you all of this is…it’s almost euphoric.”
“Who are you?”
“You have a brother?” Steve felt air whoosh out of his lungs. “Howard named him after me?”
“Tony, Tony…god, you feel so good. Only you can make me feel this good…no one else. You fill me perfectly.” He let out a sinful, broken moan. “You promised you’d lose control…you said you’d make me suffer. Please, do it to me. Do it all. I’m ready. Fuck me hard…make me cry. Please,” he brushed his lips over Tony’s trying not to smirk as Tony’s breath grew harsh, “own me.”
"Oh," he breathed out, finding everything so different. So wonderfully different.
Pepper shook her head but gave him a smile in defeat. “Ok. Ok. Your present isn’t here quite yet but I just needed to let you know about it. We'll have to go pick it up.”
“You two?” Steve asked, looking a little exited. He was happy to learn more about Natasha and the group he was now going to be part of.
"I...but..." Steve looked at him, open and confused. "W-What do you want?" At this moment he was willing to give Tony anything,
“You were taken.”
“It’s bean-piss.” Clint grumbled.
“You…don’t want to be my lover.” Tony noted slowly.
“No, no.” He wiggled his finger in scolding. “You need your sleep.”
“This man is going to ruin me.” He groaned, rubbing his face and quickly turned from the few of himself to focus on those unfamiliar. Only that search stopped dead when he found someone else familiar and better.
“Mhm, I do appreciate the compliments. So please, continue.” He purred as he sipped his drink.
Closing his eyes, he sighed. ‘No, don’t. A right sulk will not do me any good. We know what to expect and that’s enough to survive. I’ve survived through mama’s death. I’ve survived Brock. I’ve survived Pierce. I can survive this. But I won’t if I do this. So, stop it.’
“Yes, sir.” His joints and limbs still felt so cold and painful. The money was heavy in his palm. Squeezing it, he could almost imagine the coins were hot. “Sam,” he nodded as he handed over the payment. “The Pierce family thanks you for the services today. We hope to use you in the future. But, I may need to…well, see about any services I could provide for you and the community.”
“What?” Bruce pressed, unsure he really wanted to hear any more. Nothing that came out of the man’s mouth was right. It was no longer their Tony Stark in that body.
“Ah. Your selfishness really shines."
Depression showed up first when he was fourteen after finally realizing, despite all his wealth, he came from an unhealthy family. He had a moron of a father who was in love with someone dead and could not let go of the past. It grew worse over the years as his head refused to calm down and he found himself unable to sleep because he just could not stop thinking and inventing. Starting to drink at age sixteen had not helped. Then that December night happened and he lost both his parents in one go. Over night he needed to learn how to be a CEO and owner of a multi-million-dollar tech company. He was not allowed to process their deaths. Tony was swept up to a conference the moment their funeral ended. Then he was constantly bombarded with unwanted attention, the promise of betrayal, and how any moment could be his last with his parents' legacy. It was enough to drive anyone mad.
“Yes. He’d become one, even if the rest of us tell him not to, he would do it because he can’t help it. He’s selfless, Bruce. He’s unfairly selfless. He is going to ruin himself if I allow him out on the field.”
"Yeah, sure, whatever. Tell the old man I'll be there shortly." He went back to fixing himself up. He was already in the middle of a shave, he wasn't about to start because grape-face (still needed a new name) decided now was the time to walk down memory lane.
“I should--”
Steve did not look very convinced but then he took on that stubborn look that Tony was beginning to get used to, and know Steve was about to do something he probably shouldn’t, and then in a swift movement, before he lost his nerve, he went down to between Tony’s legs and swallowed him as deep as he could.
Tony sighed, instantly knowing what the idiot was focusing on. “Love, seriously? I’ve been trying to keep my fingers from going down the backside of your pants since we’ve first met. I’ve just spent the better part of fifteen minutes chewing you out because I hate how you allow yourself to suffer. I’m here lecturing you because of romantic feelings. I bit you just a few moments ago, holding myself back from doing worse. What?” He deadpanned, “Did you think that was a friendship bite?”
“Well, with your insecurities and being weak from a fever, I had a feeling you wouldn’t be the one to initiate it.” Tony went on and kissed him again, softer this time, but still holding him in place. “And look, I did it again. And,” his lips met Steve’s once more. “Again. And again. And again.”
He shuddered himself awake, feeling the tremors of the heavy feet of Thanos approaching. Steve, Morgan, and Sarah with their lake-house to be filled with their Avengers family was his and he would not have good ol monstrous pops ruin any of it for him. It was his salvation.
"Yeah, it..." he cleared his throat and shifted uncomfortably. "Just a large piece."
“Is there anything about you that’s not sexy?” Tony huffed, as if grumpy over the fact.
kissed
Steve gave him a sleepy, pretty blush and rolled over as commanded. “Tony--”
“Good.” Tony purred and glee and pride swelled in side Steve’s chest at the praise. “So good. You’ll do this so well.”
“So pretty…so, so pretty.” His fingers moved from the neck and trailed down, now ripping at Steve’s shirt, tossing it aside carelessly. He was just in his underwear and by the look of Tony’s eyes; those were about to be gone as well. “You will look so perfect when you’re pregnant.”
“Not you, Tony.” He comforted. “Just in general. It’s fine. It’s worked for me. Apparently I can do a dreamy expression well, something probably all artists or creators can do, and it just seems like I’m not all here.” He pointed to his head. “Means I can get away with things. You won’t believe how many people would just start spewing national secrets because they thought I didn’t understand what they were talking about.”
Almost.
Panting, Tony pulled back to give them both a chance to breathe. Though Steve had a feeling it was for his own benefit, as someone clearly experienced and trained as Tony was probably knew how to take breaths during a kiss. Steve appreciated the concern though because he was quite sure he was about to collapse.
"You go on and get back to papa and help him out."
“Whoa, baby, what a show.” Someone whistled which made Steve jump, startled.
“Tony won’t shut his mouth about you.”
A full body shudder took over Tony, “Fuck yes. Give me just a few minutes and I’ll be ready to make another attempt at getting a baby in you.”
