"Okay", Dean was able to respond, a little more breathless with emotion that he would've liked Castiel to see. He eventually broke the eye contact, when the blue eyes and the whirlwind of feelings started to become too much at once. He really didn't like anyone seeing him at his weakest, but Castiel had bore down to the deepest, dark fears again, and made them a little less with his words.
“Yeah, he had a business, but got involved in gambling and money laundering. It- it’s not a big deal, I bailed him out, but he’s owing some money to some guys he shouldn’t have messed with and they’re out to get him. But he’s dealing with it.” Cas shrugs, clearly trying to downsize the story.
"You left me, Cas. You just left me there." Dean whispered in a thick voice, letting out the hurt, holding Castiel's gaze with raw intensity. Castiel's deep blue eyes flooded with regret at Dean's blame. Such a human emotion to feel. Dean had taught him that.
“Okay, if you say so.” Cas sounds confused, but he doesn’t press further. Dean wants to hit himself. He made things a hundred times worse with his awkward behavior, and he needs to spend the next nine hours with Cas in a confined space. He just needs a moment, a moment to collect himself so he can feel normal and not behave like a constipated asshole. God, he needs whiskey.
“I work at Lawrence Community Shelter, managing the everyday-life there, like food, lodgings, basic necessities and things like that for homeless people. We have our own counselors, but I assist them as well, to help people to look for jobs and apartments. A lot of times I just listen.” Cas speaks humbly as always, and Sam makes the appropriate impressed expression that people tend to do, when one reveals they’re an actual living saint.
“You can cut the bullshit, you two. I’m like a gourmet meal of self-loathing and bad decisions, we all know exactly why he’s after me.”
“Cas, are you sure these are the same killers? I mean, it’s like…700 miles from here. That’s a long drive.”
“It’s just me, Dean”, a tired voice calls out from the door, a familiar gravel, accompanied by a small sigh. Dean relaxes his grip on the weapon, rolling onto his back and yawning widely, trying to chase that feeling of pleasant sleepiness again, now that he’s established there’s no immediate danger. He doesn’t open his eyes, listening as the angel shuffles closer to the bed, putters about in the darkness. He hears the shuffling noises as Cas undresses his coat and jacket, and a moment of silence where Dean imagines he must be trying to unbutton his shirt.
But he’s not fine. He feels like he’s drifting, anchorless. There’s nothing holding him down anymore, nothing keeping him here. He could leave now, but it doesn’t feel like freedom. He feels heavier than stone, every tiny movement of his muscles costing him more than he can spare. Sam was the smart one. He got out of town, got himself a respectable life, away from Dean and their dad. He used to beg for Dean to come with him too, but he had refused, every time. Someone had to look after dad. They’ve fought about it too. Big, ugly fights. Sam had accused him of being too scared to get out of his father’s shadow, to make his own decisions and stop drowning himself in their father’s misery. Maybe he was right. But Dean couldn’t leave family behind.
“I know you don’t, Cas. It’s my bad I didn’t realise, but I really am fine with it, just so you know.” Shit, what is he supposed to say in these situations? Cas is keeping his face impassive, but gradually he relaxes, and the thought passes through Dean’s mind that how many of these conversations Cas has had to go through, without ever knowing how the other person reacts.
"Now you're just being sappy." The hunter had accepted the contact despite his grumbling, pressing his nose against Castiel's neck.
Dean walks past the living room several times before he can enter it. The smell of death is stronger there. Everything is exactly how dad left it. Half-drank beer bottles on the table. An old leather couch, the worn-down covering, imprints visible on the brown skin. TV in the corner. He spots his leather jacket on the backrest of an armchair. He thought he had lost it. Dean suddenly remembers; it was the last time he had visited dad. They’ve sat in the living room and watched the game. Nothing special. Dad had been in a okay mood, commenting the game often, chugging down whiskey like it was nothing. Then a call had came from Bobby, asking Dean to come to work for few hours, as they needed and extra pair of hands, so he rushed off in the middle of the game, leaving his jacket behind. And that was that. He never even got to say goodbye.
“Everything good,” Castiel echoes. He sees Sam casting a glance in their direction, before going back to his phone. Dean catches the look too, rolling his eyes half-heartedly, before directing his focus to his brother.
“Hey, take two rooms, will you?” Castiel offers him a tired, but surprised glance, but Dean ignores him, raising his eyebrows expectantly to Sam, who coughs awkwardly.
"Hi", Castiel had said quietly, not reacting to his manner of welcome in any way. A surprised smile had brightened Dean's features, chasing away the sleepiness, and he had set the gun down, relaxing on the bed.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel says, voice gravelly with weariness, and he looks so rumpled and miserable that the whole encounter feels like a scene from a royally bad movie.
He stands up quietly, with Sam steadying him, chest heavy, like there’s a large rock lodged inside his ribcage, and it’s almost as if he’s suffocating. It’s a good thing that they’ve done, it’s gotta be. They’re safe, everyone is safe, but still Dean feels like shit.
“I’m sorry for saying those things to you. None of it is true. You have to know that. I was just weak, and I thought running away was easier.” Cas continues, relentlessly breaking him apart further. His voice hitches like it’s stuck on enormous lump in his throat, clothes and hair disheveled and damp with rain, and fuck that, Cas doesn’t get to earn him back with his misery and heartfelt apologies. The anger fuels Dean again, and he finds strength to move and take control of the situation, he
A finger touches Dean’s rim, passing over it several times, but never sliding in. Dean curses under his breath, shifting his hips impatiently, but Cas seems hellbent on driving him crazy.
“You might be right. I’m not being paid to drink coffee and talk with strangers, no matter how pleasant.”
Cas might send him or any other ridiculous tidbits Dean didn’t know he needed. Most of the time it doesn’t make any sense and it always manages to light him up. They make movie nights a thing too; Cas mostly showing him over-artistic French films, usually in black and white, while Dean tries to school him on the real classics. They never go over well. Cas introduces his home almost shyly, pointing out the vast collection of furniture he has crafted by himself. He gets even more shy when Dean excitedly gushes over his skills. The most impressive piece is the queen-sized bed, which takes up almost all of the space in the bedroom. But still, he takes to sending pictures of his works in progress with modest commentary, and Dean can sense that it’s a really personal thing for Cas too to take that step.
When Dean’s alone in bed, small tendrils of doubt are able to slip past the impenetrable walls. He wanted to kiss Cas so badly. He wanted to feel his soft lips touch his own, and he wanted to feel the scruff of his stubble, inhale that homy aroma of wood and old buildings Cas carries with him. He wanted to touch Cas.
They had been driving aimlessly in the Impala, mercilessly exhausting the back roads in the middle of nowhere, Dean behind the wheel and Castiel in the shotgun seat. They had sat in a comfortable silence just taking in each other's company, as they often did. Then at some point, Dean had started to steal sideway glances at him, not saying anything but Castiel could feel the whole energy of the space between them shifting, electrifying. After a while Dean had steered the car in the side of the road, silencing Castiel's questions with a nervous smile before he had the mind to ask them, as he had turned the ignition off. He had stared at the wheel, all jittery, while Castiel had waited for him to gather his courage, whatever he wanted to say.
The raspy words echoed in the crypt, the undisturbed dust floating peacefully in the dim light. Nobody had set their foot inside the ancient crypt in ages, judging by its' dry, decayed smell. Dean gathered his waning strength to speak out again.
“It means they are very strong.” Castiel looks solemnly at Sam, even daring to glance at Dean, who very pointedly looks in other direction. Sam's expression is earnest, and he's nodding his head thoughtfully.
Sam takes a deep breath and continues, unaware of Dean’s inner turmoil. His voice gains volume with his conviction. “And now… I watch you doing the same mistakes again, you’re making nothing but bad decisions because you’re too stubborn to fix things with Cas. You’re both just so blind sometimes, it’s almost insufferable to watch!”
“You’re a fucking piece of shit. For coming back. Acting like you can fix this with few words,” Dean growls right in his face, feeling the other man’s hot breath on his lips. Their bodies are nearly pressed together, Dean’s grip tightening even more. Cas wears an unreadable expression on his face, searching his eyes for something, risking a quick glance at his lips, and the pressure just… pops.
"It-it's not a comfort. And you can shove the angel tablet up your ass." Castiel stared at him, silent, and Dean could practically see from his rigidness that he was trying not show the invisible lashes Dean dealt him.
Dean blinks slowly, trying to remember if he ever saw a weapon in the brute’s hand, replaying fragments of the fight in his mind. He can’t make sense of it anymore, the details slip from his mind and warp to greyish, stuttered images, until his mind is just replaying how wrong the blue in the man’s eyes looked.
They load themselves into Dean’s Impala next Friday and start their long drive to Denver. The drive goes by smoothly, easy conversation keeping them busy for the next hours. Dean plays his favorite songs, and Cas pretends to like them. Cas has located some antique stores and ethnic restaurants he wants to visit, and he sounds so excited about them that Dean allows him rattle on about them. At some point he nods off, snoring silently, cheek pressed against the window. Dean lets him sleep, stretching his back and legs on the wheel, feeling the effects of a long drive more than he used to ten years ago. They stop briefly for a dinner and a bathroom break, otherwise letting Baby devour the highway.
“This is yours?” He says, clearly impressed. Dean can’t help the rush of pride that courses through him. He smiles at the man.
“This is good,” Dean muses contently, and Sam looks caught off guard, before his features settle into a hesitant smile, happier than Dean’s seen him in weeks. He wishes he could make his brother smile like that more often. He certainly hasn’t given him a reason in a while.
, and the light is off. Darkness engulfs the room, and Cas tiptoes back, albeit fumbling slightly in the dark. The covers are being pulled back and the bed dibs behind Dean, when Cas lays down, settling in. The scent of fresh shower wafts in his nose,
“It was fairly easy, once I knew what I was looking for,” he says dismissively, turning his focus back on the screen. Okay, there’s something Sam’s not telling him, but Dean doesn’t have the energy to pry into his secrets. He gets up with a groan, raps the table with his knuckles.
“I’m okay, Sam, I’m okay,” Cas is saying, voice roughened, but regardless lets Sam help him. He looks glum and shaken up.
“No! I’m working my way to apologizing to you, but I-I don’t know how to do this correctly,” Cas says hurriedly. Dean rolls his eyes and groans. This is just getting better and better.
“Okay, I can explain this-“, Dean gestures to the bloody sigil on the wall hurriedly, “-later, but right now you’re in dan-"
“But you have to stop doing that. You can’t just go and lash out on people, because you’re feeling insecure about yourself. You- you hurt me with your comments.” And he shrugs, trying to act nonchalant but there’s a telling waiver in his voice. Dean fights the urge to go and gather Cas in a hug. “You’ve never been a therapy project for me, I hope you know that. I wanted to comfort you, because I saw your distress and I care about you. That’s what people normally do, when they care about someone.” Cas shoots him a look, that catches Dean off guard; there’s downright fear of rejection on his face, and he’s never seen the other man so vulnerable. He holds his breath, heart clenching in affection and regret. It’s a contradictory feeling, but he can’t help but feel like he’s massively let Cas down.
“Um, this was the only room besides a one single room”, he says, some hint of apology in his voice, grabbing his bag and leading them to a room directly in front of the car.
He can see the nurse’s eyes widening in fear, fixed somewhere behind him, but he reacts a second too late, only starting to turn around when he registers bony fingers scraping against his scalp and his head is slammed hard against the wall before him, fast like a lightning. There’s a moment when everything just fades away before Dean’s yanked back to consciousness by loud shrieking. It feels like a thunderstorm inside his skull, all sharp twinges and hollow ringing, and he slumps forward, held up only by an iron grip on his hair, twisting and pulling it.
“Go.” Luckily Sam listens to him. He squeezes Dean’s shoulder in silent reassurance, gets up and takes off in long strides. Almost immediately, the nurse takes his place, starting to assess the damage, still looking shaky and avoiding Dean’s eyes. There are deep lines edged on her face, and her blonde hair is in disarray. She digs something from the pocket of her uniform, conjures out a clean cloth. She touches Dean’s hand lightly, silently telling him to move it. Dean complies, still holding the bloody rag in his palm.
The sting of the bruises mixed with the hungry, teeth-scraping kisses allowed Castiel to ground himself a little, although his body was screaming with yearning. He was willing to look past the abuse Dean gave him just to feel him near him. They parted from the kiss for a second, as Castiel ripped the blue, blood-stained shirt off with hurry and threw it on the floor. Castiel’s jacket was the next to go, as Dean began undressing him with the same rush, tearing his white shirt open, buttons flying everywhere. There was a strange erratic beat to his movements, like a dying star that was collapsing in on itself, pulsing self-destructive energy around them. Dean was barely containing himself, and Castiel didn’t want to be at his mercy when he went over the edge.
That makes Dean pause. His chest constricts painfully, what if it’s too late? He has to take a steadying breath, then another.
“Look… I’m sorry. I don’t blame you. Sometimes I just wish… I wish things would’ve been different. I wish I would’ve left with you, how much easier things could’ve been. I envy you sometimes, with the starting of the new life and all.” Dean lets his shoulders slump, offering his brother a small fraction of a sad smile. Sam eyes him in surprise, clearly taken back by his confession. Few years ago, Dean would never had backed down from this fight, and he never would’ve admitted a treacherous thing like that, a secret wish to leave his duties behind, however self-imposed they may be. He feels little bit lighter, with the words finally out in the open.
Dean opens his eyes, not sure when he closed them, noting suddenly how cold he is. It’s the shock, he thinks numbly. The blood on his clothes has started to cool down, and the pain presses him like a vice. He’s gonna die here if doesn’t do something. Sam. Right. He needs to call Sam. The phone is luckily still in his pocket, and Dean lifts it closer, almost dropping it because his fingers aren’t cooperating anymore. His hands shake when he presses the call button, and he sends a small prayer that his brother will pick up the phone this time. The dial tone beeps, and then there’s a click.
“Drop it, Sammy.” Dean barks, dropping his gaze, his tense body deflating. And for once, his brother listens and leaves it be. There are certain lines they can’t cross, and both of them still respect them. But the prodding has taken its toll and Dean feels spent already. He gathers his hardly touched breakfast and dumps the soggy cereal in the trash can.
“Sam.” His brother stops, turns around slowly, waiting for Dean to carry on. “I’m sorry. And thanks…for, you know, saving my ass back there, and, um, sticking by me.” It’s not elegant, and nothing but a skeletal version of an apology owed,
Dean blanks again. He dries himself, washes his teeth hard enough to bruise his gums. A sense of wrongness pervades through his senses, he
Sam and Dean prowl the house nervously, checking and double checking their weapons several times. They’ll have to rely on their angel blades, but it hasn’t stopped Dean from loading their guns with every special bullet they were able to find in the trunk of the Impala. Some refurnishing was necessary too – they piled the heavy pieces of furniture into hasty barricades, so that the brothers have some shelter once Raguel comes busting in. They’re both exhausted; Castiel can tell, but too wired to actually rest. Dean touches his shoulder occasionally when he passes by - a wordless confirmation that he’s okay, that they’re okay. Castiel takes comfort in the small gestures; every touch feels like it’s healing the rift that still exists somewhere between them.
Heavy thoughts weigh his shoulders down. He has molded his shape to fit Dean, chosen him over and over again, only to watch everything burn down once more.
now. But those are the words that has treacherously slipped into his mind when sits awake at night, trying to drink himself numb. They are the words he refuses to think of, when he’s reminded of Cas. And he has armored himself so well, just pushing on and on, past his breaking point and onward, but those little words threaten to topple him. And it hurts like hell and Dean feels sudden need to lash out, take the pain out on the angel who brought out the shame in him for everyone to see, with that softly spoken statement.
“You walked here?” Cas asks, mouth close to his ear. Dean turns slightly, catches his eye over his shoulder. He still looks sharp, face little flushed from the warmth and alcohol.
“You’re gonna hate me after this, but um, I’ve haven’t been exactly honest about this hunt.” Dean lifts his brow in a silent question, but Sam evades his gaze, looking suddenly very nervous. Dean sets down the beer. He knew there was something off with this hunt. And this is where Sam decides to unload whatever crap he’s been carrying since the morning.
“I could.” Dean raised his hands, traced his thumb along his bloodied lower lip, smearing it with red. The other hand hovered above his throat, just out of reach.  He would not be threatened. Castiel shot his hands up so very quickly, gripping the other man’s hands, pushing him back again. Dean didn’t resist. He could’ve easily. The only reason he stood there so still was that he chose to. Castiel could feel the stain of the mark beneath his fingers, a dark and violent pulse that wanted him. How could’ve Dean ever resisted something like that, something so primal, devouring. Castiel held him in place, placed a soft kiss on lips.
"Thank you." He had simply said, the taste of Dean still lingering in his mouth. The words had unlocked the built-up tension in the hunter, and Dean had chuckled, glancing in Castiel's direction in mock disbelief.
The trust shatters between them so audibly, it almost sounds like glass breaking. And Castiel knows he can never forgive himself for that.
“You got it, Dean.” He leaves, leaving Dean and Cas alone. Cas immediately tenses, eyes darting to the side, mapping out the room in a half-assed attempt to buy himself some time to bail.
“Go for it, then.” He says it nonchalantly, but a wave of relief washes over Dean. Finally he can stop feeling like dead weight, literally and figuratively. Finally, he can be of use.
“Dean, what part of my confession of love did you miss? So yes, I’d like that.” The look in his eyes is too fond for someone who five minutes ago dominated Dean into oblivion. He swallows, heart constricting a little.
"Come on. We need you to get fixed up." Sam gave him a little pat on the shoulder, and Dean latched on to the comfort given, allowing himself this one moment of weakness.
“That was good”, he echoes, and when he continues squirming and huffing discreetly, Dean rolls around to face him, placing a heavy hand on his hip.
“Come on, get these off me”, he grunted, and Castiel helped him tear them off without telling twice, along with the rest of his clothing, leaving the man half-sprawled stark naked on the table. The first fight might be over, and Dean was now more focused about getting to the fucking than beating Castiel into a senseless pulp, but he was very aware of the fact that Dean was anything but under control. Castiel fixed his eyes on the nude man. He had never understood why seeing someone naked was such a turn-on for most humans, but seeing Dean with unveiled, raw desire in his hazel eyes, his bulky, muscled build, his hard cock between his strong thighs, awoke every time something in Castiel that made him unable to look away. Maybe his time as a human had changed how he viewed things, what he saw as beautiful, the little details.
“Dean? You awake?” A familiar voice speaks up right beside him, and he hears rustling, when his brother’s shifting in his seat. Sam. Sam’s here. He gathers the strength to turn his head, to find anchor in his brother’s presence. The whole room sways with the movement and it makes him queasy. Dean swallows again, inhales deeply to settle himself and the nausea passes slowly. Sam looks haggard, hair disheveled and bags under his eyes, but he still smiles when their eyes meet. Dean still can’t shake the fogginess in his mind, only recalling some flashes of a fight that happened. Was he there? Was Sam there? He frowns, trying to formulate the right questions in his mind, but it’s all a tangled-up mess, impossible to separate individual thoughts.
“But, you know the funny thing about playing the victim? I didn’t have to think whether I was in the wrong too. It’s just…it gets harder to fix things when you convince yourself to think that you have no power over these things. But I was so ridden with guilt that I couldn’t see clearly. I still feel guilty, and I will probably always give myself a hard time with what I did, but now I just want to say that Cas, you didn’t do anything wrong. I cornered you, and you had no other choice any longer. So…I hope that you can forgive me.”
"You are badly hurt. I will heal you. You shouldn't suffer like this for my wrongdoings." Castiel's voice had gotten more quiet, heavy with sorrow. He stood up and walked closer to Dean's bedside, but Dean curled his fingers to a fist and shot an angry look at the angel hovering over him.
“Okay, awesome, you can tell me all about it while we’re watching movies. I got pizza, you bring the wine.”
“Yeah? You got the plans ready for that already?” They talk about Castiel’s vision for a house and his crafting projects, but everytime Castiel tries to change the subject to what’s going on with Dean, he deflects by talking about menial stuff. He can’t. He just wants to feel like a normal person having a normal conversation. Castiel seems to understand and indulges him, conversation flowing then more easily.
He’s been going over it himself, trying to pinpoint the exact moment when it started, but it’s really hard, since there Cas was, vibrant from the start and there was always that pull to be near him, ever since he first locked eyes with him.
“Yeah, you don’t have to give me a friggin’ lecture about it in the middle of the night. I know it’s for my own good and it’s not forever, all that crap. I’ve taken care of myself all my life and got this far, didn’t I?”
And when Dean kissed him the first time, it had felt like something coming to be that had been long brewing underneath, and he welcomed it with a flutter in his heart that he had never experienced. They both accepted the new realities surprisingly easy, slowly diving deeper into this thing through trial and error, because Castiel has to face it – they both just as clueless with how to handle emotions this deep.
“You’re seriously taking the martyr-approach to this?” Okay, Sam might be more pissed off than he realised.
"I don't want to hurt you." Castiel shook his head, determined not let the other man's words affect him. Dean fixed his hungry eyes upon him, piercing through like a blade.
Getting up is a feat but he does it, feet almost tripping in the empty bottles discarded on the floor. Sam’s gonna give him shit for that one again. The thought makes the ever-present guilt flare up in his chest, tightening it uncomfortably. It isn’t fair to Sam. He just barely got his brother back and now Dean’s letting him down again. They’ve done some meager hunts to get back on track again, a vampire nest in Tulsa, a rogue Indian god and couple of rabid werewolves in the general vicinity of Colorado, and rest of the time just gathering intel on the Darkness. Their results are scarce, despite Sam’s researching skills. Staying cooped up too long in the bunker is making frustration slowly slither under Dean’s skin, and he can’t get comfortable anywhere. Getting back on the hunts feels good at least, although it felt like he and Sam sort of stumbled their way around each other first. Dean is trying his best not to shut down on his brother again, and he still sees some hesitation in his brother’s eyes when Sam looks at him. To Dean it feels like there’s an invisible wall separating them. They’ve had their fair share of piled up shit in the past, but this guilt, this living, devouring thing, has lodged deep inside of Dean and he doesn’t know how to cut it out. It all comes down to one specific thing, that he never,
"Yeah Cas, it was a dick-move. What do you want me to say?" He said after a long pause, turning his hardened gaze towards the angel. He really didn't want to have this conversation. He really didn't want to expose any of his weaknesses to the other, or talk about his feelings. The words were a heavy understatement of the betrayal he had felt inside, but if one knew Dean Winchester, one knew to look for specific signs. And Castiel knew how to search for the little nuances, the way Dean pursed his lips, hardened his jaw and how his eyes mirrored every emotion he was feeling deep inside.
They’re gonna kill this motherfucker and then Dean gets to take Cas home again and kiss him senseless and more.
“Okay.” Cas echoes, and that breaks it. Clearing his throat, he opens the door and steps out, waving at Dean as a goodbye.
“-he fucking ate that whole thing from the fridge”, Sam’s practically shaking with laughter at this point, and they talk over each other to complete the shared story, both wiping their eyes while hysterically laughing. It takes a while for them to calm down, but finally they manage, toasting with their bottles and taking a long sip from them, movement in perfect synchronization.
“Is this what you’ve been carrying with you since we got rid of the Mark? That you can’t redeem yourself?” Sam continues slowly, like he’s figuring this whole thing out.
“Who the fuck are you?” He asks, trying to buy few more minutes for himself while his body wakes up.
“...I mean, you’re right, we can manage, right?” Dean wets his lips nervously, shifting his weight and fixing his eyes on the daunting king-sized bed in front of him.
Dean feels weightless for a second, and the time it takes his body to connect with the floor seems like forever. He finally crashes down hard, and he might lose few seconds of awareness, because when he comes back to himself, there’s only pain and loud, erratic gasps he first doesn’t realize are his own. He’s lying down on the cold floor face first, cheek pressing against the tiles, limbs in disarray. Something warm and thick is running down his forehead, pooling under his eye. He instinctively tries to curl in on himself, but
“Hey, you okay?” Castiel nods numbly. He can’t feel any worse than Dean with his ugly coloured, fresh bruises, but he can’t for the life of him find the energy to even take off his jacket. Dean seems to understand that, and something on his face finally shifts and softens.
“All leads might be crucial, Mrs. Mannings. Was your husband acting strange in the past days or weeks?” Dean asks the routine questions without any gusto behind the words. This sounds like a routine hunt. A rogue angel or angels, lure and bag them. Big deal. He doesn’t get why Sam and Cas got their knickers in a bunch over this.
"I didn't ask for any of that!" Dean roared back, making a dismissive gesture with his hand. A new flame of anger surged through Castiel's blood, and he closed the gap between them, swinging at him and Dean didn't even try to block the punch, almost stumbling back from the impact, cheek bruised with another mark.
“Raguel,” he starts, almost pleading. All three fix their gazes on Castiel, faces impassive. The young man’s nose keeps bleeding steadily. He doesn’t have a lot of time. “You don’t have to do this.” He hears movement behind him as Sam and Dean rise up and take their defensive positions. Immediately, all three turn to look at Dean, and the sharp tendrils of shredded grace snap and crackle in the confined space. The old man, carrying the angel blade, opens his mouth to speak.
Dean had heard the flutter of wings moments ago, but he laid motionlessly on the hospital bed, trying to forget the unwanted presence in the room. It was nighttime already, the room was quiet, with the occasional car driving past the hospital somewhere down below in the street. He had gotten out of the respirator the day before, but iv-tubes and morphine were still steadily dripping into his healthy arm. Dean was particularly glad of the latter, as the painkillers numbed his numerous aches to a level where he could actually sleep. A restless, dark sleep, but sleep nonetheless. His other hand rested useless on a raised pillow, a white cast enveloping his broken wrist. Sam had threatened to mess around and draw something fittingly dirty on the cast but despite Dean being asleep most of the time, he never made good on his threat. His kid brother was just trying to lighten him up and Dean loved him for that. Sometimes the silence in the hospital room seemed so heavy it could crush the life out of Dean when he got trapped in his thoughts and Sam was always there, like the loyal brother he was, to pick him up. Dean tried to brush it off, smile a stiff smile that must've look terrible with a half of his face in different shades of purple. Sam would smile back, completely aware that the carefully constructed facade was fake and he would try harder. And Dean loved him for that, but sometimes it was tiring and he needed to be.
Cas collapses partially on top of him, not minding the mess on their stomachs, trying to regain his breath, panting into the nape of Dean’s neck. Dean adjusts his position to fit them on the narrow couch better, trying to free his other arm underneath Cas, so Cas settles on his side, completely lethargic. Kissing Cas’ hair, Dean holds him close, inhaling that familiar smell, and Cas throws his arm and leg over Dean, face buried in his neck. They stay like that for awhile, still riding that high and just existing for each other, skin against skin.
Dean blinks his eyes open. He’s not entirely sure when he closed them. His head feels mushy and sluggish. Resting time’s over.
“-an? Dean?” He fights to open his eyes groggily, when Sam’s insistent asking pierces through his muddy conscience.
“Dean.” The door has opened slightly, and Cas is peeking out with a scowl on his face. He looks pissed and sort of ready to slam the door in his face. Dean opens his mouth, struggles to find any words. Shit, he didn’t figure out what he should say at all.
He prompts, and Dean closes his eyes, in midstep of crossing that final bridge. He knows he’s giving in, but still Dean fights it, fights the urge that says
"It's been three days, Cas. And now you have time to visit me?" Dean spoke with some difficulty, the words slurring together, every syllable reminding him of the bruises on his jaw. Three days to stew on his own crap. Sam could distract him only so much, and they both knew that Dean's worst enemy was himself and the endless beatings he gave himself. It filled him with anger that he was helpless against; like a stone sinking into the murky waters, and he needed to lash out.
“Morning.” Sam says pointedly. That one word is so laden with different meanings that Dean would could write a thesis about it. It means he’s still pissed, but set on making Dean talk, meaning the usual avoidance-techniques are out of the question, but foremost he’s testing the waters to see how he will respond.
The door is yanked open suddenly and Castiel squints against the light pouring from the motel room, heart stopping for a beat at the sight of a very familiar silhouette in front of him. Dean’s gone all pale and just stares at Castiel, carefully arranging his face to a blank mask, wiping away any traces of shock and hurt that he couldn’t hide straight away. But Castiel catches the conflict in his eyes, he looks like he’s ready to shut the door in his face and leave him outside to soak in the rain. He would deserve it, no doubt. And he’s sorry he has to be the one to bring such pain to Dean.
"I can't keep that promise, Cass." Dean had finally said, and his anger had been replaced with defeat, tarnishing his voice and leaving his posture that of a broken man.
“Morning, Cas,” Sam greets him with clear unease in his voice. Dean knows Sam hates being stuck in the middle as a mediator, but time after time still humors his dysfunctional brother.
“I guess I deserved that”, he muses, downing the entire glass of water in one go, while Cas has the most genuine grin of the evening on his face.
“Hey. That took a while. They had to slaughter the pigs for this bacon or what?” Sam opens the conversation with a sarcastic jab, investigating the contents of the bag dubiously. So, this is how he wants to play this. With Sam, it’s usually one of three options, sulk like a teenage boy, dewy-eyed heart-to-heart, or good old ignore the problem right in front of you, or in this case ignore how Dean managed to fuck this edition of Bachelor in Paradise.
"You don't mean that." Castiel said quietly after a moment of discomforting silence, standing stiffly in the middle of the dark hospital room. Street lights illuminated his figure from the window across the room, and suddenly Dean was remembering an instant from the past, from another life it felt like, Castiel sitting by his hospital bed, Dean shedding some discouraged tears when the fight against the apocalypse had felt like it was too much. The horrible feeling of helplessness washed over him, echoing from the past, the feeling that it was in the end his fault. That something he had done, had caused things to be this way.
Sam continues his pep talk for awhile, and Dean listens, breathing easing up little by little. Okay. He can do this. They keep talking until Sam is apparently satisfied that Dean is starting to sound like a decent human being again.
He turns off the shower, wrapping himself in a large towel, hands trembling. He can’t forget what Cas felt like in the dream, but he can bury the whole thing, deep, somewhere where it will never float to the surface again, he
Cas leans in again, planting a soft, wet kiss on his lips, but Dean can’t reciprocate. “I guess it’s your turn”, he says, his voice darker and huskier than Dean has ever heard it. He plants his hand unerringly to Dean’s cock, feeling the outline of his erection through the damp boxers. Holy fuck. Okay. This is moving too fast and Dean needs time to think, he needs time to figure out what this means, before he lets Cas jerk him off and there’s no going back.
“Good?” Cas checks, and Dean nods, letting out a sound that might be a small whimper. He didn’t even realise how tightly strung he’s been, but he knows he’s not gonna last for long. Cas huffs, nosing his neck, then licking a stripe downwards, following the tightened cords of his throat with his tongue. “Hold up”, he murmurs, taking his hand off him, and Dean opens his eyes to see what’s the problem, watching as Cas picks up the bottle and squirts the contents on his palm. His cock twitches and Cas takes him into his hand again, liberally spreading the lube on his erection. That eases the chafing, and Dean can’t focus on anything else but the easy glide of Cas’ hand on him, his breath hitching and hips pushing up to chase his own pleasure. He bites his lip to keep the moans from spilling out, as Cas keeps playing with his cock, massaging the head, coaxing precum from the slit by rubbing it lightly with his thumb. There’s a crooked, pleased smile on Cas’ face, watching Dean come slowly undone.
“It’s not safe for him there. Those angels, they’re out for blood. I didn’t even hear that fucker coming until he had rammed me into the railing.
“I’m okay, Dean.” Sam says softly, slumping back in his uncomfortable-looking chair once Dean has had his fill. “But you scared the hell out of me. Finding you like that…You’d think once was enough.” Sam’s voice cracks and he has to look away to regain his composure. His admission hits Dean like a bucket of cold water and everything becomes clearer and sharper, as his mind catches up with everything that’s happened and is happening. Sam found him again, bloodied and dying, had to carry him out of that building, not knowing if he had to say his goodbyes
“I will explain in a minute, but right now, I need to check on my brother, and I need you to stay calm, okay?” The nurse just stares at him blankly, then finally nodding once. And then Sam is already on Dean’s side, crouching beside him.
"Dean, you're okay. Come on, I got you." Sam's voice sounded calmer, as if he finally had grasped the situation.
“Man, I just sort of wish dad was here to see us now, you know?” He smiles sadly at Cas and Dean. It shouldn’t have hurt that much. It really shouldn’t have. But it does, and the strangling thickness creeps up Dean’s windpipe, slowly suffocating him. Who the fuck did he think he was, thinking that he could escape this feeling by plastering a band-aid on his guilt? He goes quiet, absently listening to Cas offering his condolences and politely asking how the funeral was. Both men notice the sudden change in Dean’s demeanor, stealing worried side-glances at his direction, but Dean’s way too much in his head to assure them he’s okay.
It’s…green. Faded pictures of fat, Chinese dragons are mounted on the wall, coupled with creepy looking Chinese dolls on the counter. The room smells like mold and cheap air freshener. They both take in the decorations in stunned silence, before looking at each other.
, describes one witness. They’ve suddenly found their faith, killed people in God’s name and died afterwards, leaving only bits and pieces left of themselves.”
“Just let me do this”, Dean implores, his voice so quiet he can barely hear it himself. Cas lets out a shaky exhale, his body relaxing slightly. Dean hooks his fingers under the waistband of his boxers, trailing his fingers through the coarse hair and grabs Cas’ cock, skin against skin. It’s hot and dry, and Cas actually groans out loud, instantly thickening further in his hand. Dean starts jacking him off slowly, and it suddenly feels silly he’s got his hand on Cas’ dick but they aren’t even kissing, so he leans closer to find Cas’ mouth in the dark. It’s a little sloppy, but it seems Cas has the same idea and their lips crash against each other with little finesse, and Dean wouldn’t trade it for anything else in the world. Cas’ hand moves up to his jaw, gently cupping his face, as they find a similar rhythm in between their kisses. Turns out, Cas is a meticulous and very thorough kisser, as if he’s trying to map every inch of Dean with his lips and find out what he likes. He still tastes of toothpaste; Dean can probably never wash his teeth without popping a boner from now on.
"Hi", he had returned, voice still hoarse from sleep. Castiel had felt all his sorrows and worries just melt away from the smile, and he hadn't wondered any longer why humans drew strength from having someone waiting for them.
“Look, Dean. I’m sorry I had to do this behind your back, but I felt like I had no other choice. To be honest, it feels like you’ve shut me out. And…we just got our lives back. I got you back, man.” Sam looks him in the eye, pleading. Dean breaks the eye contact quickly, finds his hands suddenly very interesting. His own guilt comes rushing in, twisting his insides.
“Dean.” Cas stops him and turns him around slightly. Dean allows it, completely dumbfounded, letting Cas guide him so they’re facing each other. Cas picks the bottle from Dean’s grip gently, placing it on the floor, turning his blue, soft eyes to him, binding him on the spot. He’s helpless to do anything, when Cas cups his jaw and leans in close to press a kiss on his lips. Stunned, he lets it happen. The chaste, close-mouthed kisses crack last of Dean’s defenses, and he slowly relaxes, as Cas deepens the kiss, fingers winding up in his hair, tugging him closer. Somehow he ends up on Cas’ lap, hands on his shoulders, bracketing him in with his thighs before he can think about this too much. He breaks the kiss reluctantly, skin tingling from the scratching of Cas’ beard, smiling nervously at Cas, who looks back with nothing short of reverence.
"Really? A thank you? That's a one way to ruin the moment." Although his voice had carried a sarcastic undertone, he had seemed somewhat relieved. Dean's confidence had always carried him far, but when it came to Castiel, nothing seemed to be that clear-cut any longer.
Dean carefully presses the cold beer bottle to his swollen face, sighing in relief. Cas keeps fidgeting and giving him wide-eyed looks in the unsubtle way that still seems very much like him. Sam has settled for checking his phone. Dean can’t look at either of them. Every time he does, the guilt makes him so nauseous he wants to vomit. “
“What?” Dean rasps out, disoriented. He blinks to focus his vision, sees Sam craning his neck to get a quick look at him, then turning his head back forward. They’re moving. The steady rumble of the Impala feels less soothing underneath him when they speed on the uneven road, painfully reminding Dean of his wounds. He lifts his heavy head and spots silhouettes of bushes and trees outside the window.
“Honestly? I don’t know. There’s been a constant shitstorm happening ever since we got rid of the Mark, and you’ve been fighting with Cas and we’ve been fighting each other non-stop and there wasn’t…there wasn’t any point where we could catch a break and return to normal, you know? And I feel like… Back then, with the Mark, I was prepared to mourn for a brother that didn’t want my help, and I did mourn you. But you came back, yet I still felt like I had lost you, because you were just…
“How are you feeling?” Sam kneels beside Dean, placing a cool hand on his damp, hot forehead, but he doesn’t even have the mind to shrug his brother off. Dean can’t break his eyes away from Cas, who looks torn between coming closer and staying away, and he lingers there, fingers clenching and unclenching compulsively.
Castiel heard steady footsteps approach the room, and straightened his back to brace himself to face Dean. The man entered, clean of blood and in fresh clothes, a steely expression hardening his features. Dean walked straight to him, cupping his face, and without any hint of emotion, pressed their lips together, stealing a rough kiss. Castiel let it happen, standing still, so not to aggravate the other man. But Dean pulled away just as quick and started walking towards the stairs, and seeing him leave made Castiel’s insides twist and turn, a feeling that something would permanently break if he let the man go.
"That's bullshit, I want a fucking fight, so fucking fight me back!" Castiel saw the flash of Dean's eyes before he charged for him again, giving him ample warning. He tried reaching for that endless calm inside him one last time, but found only turmoil and wrath. Fine. The world of men was of violence, so to that he would turn to. Castiel grabbed Dean's incoming fist with one graceful movement, twisting it back, and hit him hard with all of his power, sending him spiraling through the room. He felt his whole figure grow taller, eyes glowing blue, as he walked closer to Dean, who was swiftly on his feet again, coiling himself for the next attack.
“Fuck. My weapons. They’re...they’re still there.” Cold dread washes over Dean, and he looks at Sam pleadingly, who gives him a reassuring smile.
Castiel had almost been able to accept his fate too, to live without Dean. But when he saw him, when he touched him, he felt that same magnetic pull he’d always been drawn towards. And he’d still do anything for Dean.
“That’s awesome, in that case you’re welcome inside”, Dean grins, finally bringing himself back online, stepping out of the way and gesturing Castiel to enter.
“I…I think I messed it up”, he confesses quietly. Taking a steadying breath, he tries to think fast how much he can tell Sam, who naturally senses this over the phone, the merits of being a overly emphatic brother. They’ve never been overly open and sharing with each other, especially Dean, but sometimes it gets so heavy.
“Fuck you Cas. I don’t need you looking down on me, so fuck you!” Dean fights to keep his voice steady, but it’s on the verge of breaking and he’s sure Cas can hear the hitch in his words too. But he doesn’t say anything, instead just grabbing his bag and leaves wordlessly, slamming the door behind him. Dean stays sitting in bed, still partially covered by the comforter, unseeing, curling around himself and limbs trembling. He won’t let the tears come, he won’t, he won’t, but there’s an awful burn in his eyes and he can’t breathe. He feels like suffocating.
“Divide and conquer, Sammy. You deal with the stiff, I’ll deal with the weeping widow.” He points at the doors with his thumb, keeping his face blank.
“So, what the fuck was that?” He asks, running his hand through his hair, noting with slight disgust how it’s a damp mess. The grimness returns to Cas with the question, makes shadows on his face again.
“Okay, point taken. I’m sorry”, Dean offers, trying to look as sincere as possible with his bloodshot eyes. That seems to appease his brother somewhat.
"Going on a beer run?" Sam would ask them, as innocently as he could, when Dean and Castiel would hurry past him in the study.
“Fine, if you wanna work the case, let’s work the case,” Dean forces out grudgingly, still evading their gazes, and shifts slightly so Castiel can gingerly slip past him into the room. The door shuts loudly behind him, and Sam steps forward, giving him a sympathetic smile and a pat on the shoulder. Despite his frustration with Castiel over the phone, Sam feels like the only ally he has in the whole world right now. And he grasps that lifeline like a dying man, because he has no idea how’s he going to break through Dean’s defenses. He smiles wearily at the taller hunter and takes the seat Sam offers him, hunching in the chair like that’ll make him less of a target. Sam settles back on the edge of the bed and Dean stays standing up, leaning against the windowsill next to the door, arms crossed and scowling at the floor.
"Cas?" He whispered in confusion, after what seemed an eternity. The room was quiet and no one was there to answer him. Castiel was gone. Dean blinked again, too exhausted and pained to even feel his usual annoyance at the angels' tendency to disappear without a word. Why would he just leave? It made no sense. Dean swayed in his half-crouched position, feeling all at once the heaviness of his limbs and how the darkness seemed to creep closer like a comforting presence. Every breath came with difficulty, his battered body protesting all movement. Dean carefully lifted the broken arm to his lap, trying not pass out from the pain and barely succeeding. He clenched his jaw in resolution, determined to stay awake. In case Castiel was coming back. And he was. Dean didn't let any thoughts doubting that burrow further into his mind. Cursing seemed to help with keeping darkness at bay, and he let out long strings of barely recognizable swear words, muttered under his ragged breath, while he settled his back carefully against the ancient grave behind him, leaning heavily against the rock.
Oh god, this is such a bad idea. This has to be the worst idea Dean’s ever had. Cas is coming over, having not said much over text except to agree with him and asking whether he’s available today after work. Dean’s pacing in the apartment, palms damp and feeling like a caged animal, pretending he’s not glancing at the clock every ten minutes. He finally forces himself to sit on the couch, a half-drank beer bottle clutched in his hand like a lifeline. Too late he realises the mess in the living room, empty cans and bottles tellingly cluttered around the floor and table. He contemplates cleaning after himself, but he can’t concentrate. Whatever. It’s not like Cas hasn’t seen him be a human disaster before. The snap of a lock opening startles Dean, when Cas enters the apartment with his spare key.
“This is pointless. You can’t stop me.” Castiel speaks in a low voice, and hardly able to look at the other man, he starts making his way through the library, legs heavier than lead. Dean rounds up on him from the other side of the table, face pale with anger underneath the freckles, stopping in front of the angel.
Cas sighs, rolling his eyes. Couple weeks have passed since their falling out, and everything feels back to normal. Cas has started a new weekend tradition for them; home-cooked breakfast at his house. Dean’s not sure if Cas wants to use him as a guinea pig for his experimentations or if he genuinely enjoys cooking for him. Either way, Dean’s not gonna look a gift horse in the mouth, free food and great company keeps him happy. And he can actually say that in all honesty. He feels lighter than he’s felt since dad died, instead of constantly being dragged down by guilt and shame. Occasionally they still manage to suckerpunch him when he’s tired or had a bad day, but being with Cas helps.
But Castiel seems like a really cool guy and Dean wants to make a good impression on him. He doesn’t want Castiel to figure out that he’s just a regular loser with a lot of daddy-issues. So maybe he’s sort of lonely and in need of a friend, sue him.
he has to get closer. Raguel’s using his grace to create this forcefield, Castiel belatedly realizes. There are sounds of fighting somewhere behind him, grunts and crashes, but he can’t even turn his head to look.
“Sam, I really tried to make you right. But you’re a lost cause with your European black and white-films. I give up.”
“He’s beyond that kind of help. I didn’t want your family to get mixed up in his messes. And if I’m being honest, I was...embarrassed. I didn’t want to make a bad impression on your family.” He glances at Dean, with a sheepish look in his blue eyes. Cas holds him captive there, and Dean has the inexplicable urge to grab his hand and squeeze it, just to feel connected with him. He unconsciously leans forward, resting easily under that reassuring gaze. “Where have you been this past week, Dean?” Cas asks him in a quiet voice, searching his face for any answers. “I kind of missed our talks.”
“Fuck you, Cas.” Dean wrenches his arm free violently, pushing Cas back. Cas allows the movement, stepping backwards. Dean can’t breathe right, his heart is hammering in his chest like a caged animal. He keeps the angel at bay with a threatening glare, but finding nothing but desperation, ever-present devotion and loyalty being reflected at him. And it almost unravels him. Dean doesn’t deserve it. Cas doesn’t deserve his forgiveness. It’s all a mess inside his head, tectonic plates grinding their edges together and building up the pressure that finds no release.
”Sammy, I’m so sorry.” The apology tumbles out of Dean’s mouth before he can stop it. Sam looks at him, baffled.
"Whoa, what's with the grabby hands?" Dean had instantly snapped at him, making everyone look up and pause their conversation. Castiel had been taken aback by his words, but almost instantly slapping himself mentally for forgetting their unspoken rules.
“Have you always known you’re straight?” Cas counters instantly. He looks like he knows exactly how this conversation will go, and Dean’s not sure why it sends Cas so quickly over the edge, but he doesn’t think he’s fairly judged here. He bristles slightly.
“It is now. I’ve had enough of you for now. So, scoot, agent McGilligan. I’ll call you if something comes up.” The car is raising some interested looks from the officers heading inside, but Sam looks like he’s ready to go for another round. A nervous muscle ticks in his jaw as he’s trying to swallow down his emotions.
“So it still isn’t clear to me, how did you guys meet?” Sam with his three thousand fucking questions, almost like he’s interviewing whether Cas makes for a suitable bride.
“What the fuck, Cas? You’re gonna leave? It’s the middle of the night!” Dean sits up, some anger bleeding through the painful clenching of his heart, bolstering him again because he needs those walls back up and fucking fast. Cas doesn’t look at him when he pulls his sweater on in rough movements, jaw clenched.
“Stop it,” he murmurs to himself, to get his head back in the game. All distractions are dangerous while Dean’s hunting, but he can’t seem to shake the heaviness that’s almost physically weighing him down.
“So, uh, how was it? How’s your brother doing?” Dean asks quickly, and Cas lets out a frustrated sigh.
"The neck kissing is new. Is this your way of greeting me when you've missed me?" Castiel had murmured, making Dean lift his head, scoffing amusedly.
“I really am sorry, Cas. I promise I’ll try.” Dean breathes out, trying to convey everything he can’t say with his earnest expression. Cas searches his face, eyes softening up in a small smile, equally relieved and nervous. He circles around the table, stops in front of Dean, assessing him. He bites his lower lip and then steps even closer, pulling Dean into a tight hug. Dean stiffens up for a second, but after the initial surprise, he lets himself melt into the embrace. He grabs Cas’ shirt with both of his hands, pressing his nose against the nape of his neck, and he feels Cas’s deep exhale of relief against his own rib cage.
they’re gonna share a bed. Why the fuck did he had to open his big mouth again? What if his dick is gonna act up this time too? Why didn’t he think this through at all?
"Yeah yeah Casanova, stop trying to smooth talk me." And he had started the car with the familiar roar of engine, and Castiel had known without looking that Dean also had that dumbstruck smile awkwardly spreading all over his face, similar to his. Castiel had bit his cheek to stop the feeling from bubbling all over his limbs and body. Who knew happiness could be such a physical feeling.
"Dean, I understand that you're angry, but I had no other choice but to take the angel tablet with me. After I broke free of their grasp, the other angels -Naomi... They were after me. They would've gone after you too if I had stayed around. The tablet is safe now, if it's any comfort to you." Castiel stood there like a man grasping at last straws, looking for any kind of forgiveness in Dean's eyes. And not finding any. Dean had to find his voice to speak, few shallow breaths coming out empty.
“Yeah, I just wasn’t sure you were up to it, so I’ve been looking it over myself.” Sam says somewhat hesitantly, eyes moving over his three-day scruff and the dark circles under his eyes. Given the recent events, it might be a reasonable reaction, but at the same time he feels a pang of hurt and anger that Sam even thought about leaving him on the sidelines.
“You-you actually were serious about what you said earlier?” Cas asks disbelievingly, still looking like he’s expecting a trap to spring down on him any minute. Dean keeps holding Cas' gaze tightly, even though his own nerves want to betray him.
“Nothing alarming on news,” Sam clears his throat to break the silence, face scrunched up in concentration. Both look up in mild interest. Sam glances at Dean, offering a sympathetic smile when he observes his bruises. Dean almost can return the simple gesture. The smile tugging his lips feels all wrong and undeserved.
“Fuck,” he repeats for emphasis, because there’s nothing else he knows how to say. Sam lets him mull it over for few minutes, before speaking up with a hint of humor, mixed with frustration in his voice.
"Get the hell away!" Dean growled louder this time, immediately regretting the outburst, as pain blossomed and swept him away. He closed his eyes momentarily, trying to regain his control, breathing raggedly through his nose. He heard tentative footsteps, and he forced his eyes open to glare at the angel still edging closer to his side.
"Cas, we need you." Dean wavered on his knees, his hand hesitantly touching the angel's worn-out sleeve of his familiar jacket, his silent form looming over him. Castiel had really worked him over, half of his face swelling from countless bruises. Blood stained his upper lip and teeth, a crushing reminder that he was utterly helpless in front of God's soldiers when push came to shove. Castiel had hit him over and over again, sharp pain shredding in his face and broken wrist. He still held on Dean's arm with his relentless grip, and he really didn't how was he gonna come up topside in this situation anymore.
The third thing he had learned about Dean, was that he would give all of himself to the things and people he held closest to him. He had showed it countless of times with his actions, the selfless sacrifices, the caretaking. The loyal big brother, the dedicated friend, now the lover that would bleed his heart out for him. The hunter had always been rough around the edges and lacking the softness of his brother, but there were moments when his facade slipped and he let his affection shine through.
"Damn it's good to see you", Dean had whispered, hovering over his mouth for a time that felt like eternity, then planting a light kiss on his lips. Castiel had kissed him back with the same tentativeness, until Dean had found his brashness again and started demanding more, letting his tongue caress Castiel's mouth, all the while untying his black tie with sure fingers, slipping it off and throwing it on the floor. Castiel had opened his mouth, letting Dean ravage him. He had pulled the hunter even closer by his hair, feeling Dean's hand trail paths along his chest and stomach. Dean's muscular body had been pressed against his side, grinding against him slowly. That had been a new feeling, and Castiel had definitely liked it, but drudgingly he had made himself more still, kisses lighter, not to spur the other man on. He had felt Dean's smile into the kiss. They had talked about this once, when Dean had thought it was ridiculous they were going slow like lovesick virgins, but underneath the complaining he seemed to appreciate it all the same because in a way, it was completely new for them both."Gotta protect your chastity", Dean had smirked, always in the end turning it into a joke that Castiel didn't quite get.
“Once he comes back, we need to go where they’re gathering mobile patients. The whole hospital is in blackout, and I was sent to find any wandering patients. It-it’s a chaos, the lines were jammed, and nobody knew what was going on. But I don’t know what was that-that
”Anytime, Dean.” He hears, but it sounds like it’s coming from very far away and he wonders if Sam’s leaving.
Dean’s been doing a pretty good job of avoiding Sam the whole morning. He sneaked back into their room in the early hours, swaying a little and reeking of cheap booze, and this morning found him like a jackhammer knocking on his skull. He went out on a supply run to get them breakfast while Sam was in the shower, a short trip that threatened to stretch out longer when he learned that the diner had Irish coffee with a fair percentage of alcohol in them. So yeah, he’s dealing with this very well. Dean has no idea what to do with any of the mess he’s in. The little jerk-off-session only complicated things, because he had sworn to stay as far as possible from Cas. And the worst thing? He knew exactly what would go down and still he went, more or less willingly.
“Hi”, Castiel greets him sheepishly, lifting a bottle of wine in his hands, and Dean responds with a smile and a breathy
“Go get a wheelchair or something,” he murmurs quietly to his brother, who opens his mouth to argue. Fuck, Dean’s too tired to continue this headbutting contest now.
“Why didn’t you want Sam to help you back then? Maybe he could have useful connections, lawyer stuff like that.” Cas shakes his head.
“Shut up, you know how the pain meds make me,” Dean cuts him off, suddenly embarrassed of his outburst. This would be the point where he usually would storm out, but Sam wears that look that tells Dean he’s just getting started. Dean turns his head away in protest. He doesn’t deserve any words of forgiveness, but at the same time, there’s a part of him that yearns for Sam to absolve him.
“Cas?” Dean gets his mouth moving finally. Cas looks at him in obvious worry, Sam mirroring his look unknowingly. He waves them off, completely done being coddled by them, done with how they look at him like he’ll shatter on impact. He feels more like himself with every passing moment, and he can still take a hit. Dean’s muscles feel sore and there’s an uncomfortable tingle in his fingertips, but otherwise he feels surprisingly functional. He throws off the blanket and pushes himself up slowly, reveling in the fact that he can do that without passing out from pain. Once he’s seated, feet firmly planted on the floor, he remembers the cast in his leg. Dean wiggles his toes experimentally. His leg feels fine. He feels fine. Tired, but fine.
“Sir?” The nurse repeats and Dean snaps out of it, resolution filling him, he’s going to keep her safe, because that’s his job, and who cares about few little injuries, he’s had worse. He stops painting the sigil for a second, holding his hand out.
Now Dean doesn’t dare to touch Castiel when he shuffles stiffly to take his seat at the kitchen table. Doesn’t dare to look. To see the guilt. He feels the pain radiating from the angel a mile away. Or it could be the blossoming bruises painted on his own swollen face. Even Sam seems reluctant to hold Dean’s gaze, settling for awkward glances and smiles, mostly staring at his beer bottle. Either way, there’s a big, fat elephant in the room and nobody is willing to adress it. A whole herd of them actually, stomping around. The mark of Cain, gone. Dean almost killing Sam.
“I’ve never met Raguel, but I know of him. He was one of the higher-ranking angels in Heaven, and responsible for judging errant and undisciplined angels if they had transgressed God’s laws, casting them out of Heaven if the crime had been grave enough. He was also a ruthless soldier, and a traditionalist, siding with Michael. He never held much interest in humans, nor Earth for that matter, regarding all of this-“ Cas gestures with his hands like he could encompass every living thing with one single motion, -“as a glorified playground for brainless apes.” Dean raises his eyebrows in disbelief.
Dean arrives there first, settling for a small table furthest away from the door. There’s a winter storm outside, but it’s raining bucketfuls of water. Couple of other people sit at the clustered booths, deep in conversation, but otherwise the place is nearly empty, country music blasting from the stereos. He orders a shot of whiskey and gulps it down, before Cas can come and reprimand him for it, then continues his sober streak with a bottle of beer. He fiddles with the bottle, feeling oddly nervous. It’s not like this is a date with a girl, he reminds himself, but he can’t shake the jittery feeling from his limbs. The door swings open and Cas swoops in, hair messy from the wind, wet trench coat clinging to his clothes. Dean’s eyes are glued to him, and Cas finds him immediately, a big smile lighting up his face. And he looks...good.
“That was, uh, something which had special powers. But she’s gone dark and is killing innocent people. Me and my brother are trying to stop it. But we need to get out of here.” Dean stops, feeling the fatigue wash over him. Just a little bit more. He catches the uncertainty and disbelief on Susan’s face, but he doesn’t have anything else to give to her.
“Fuck, that was good”, Dean mumbles against Cas’ neck, when the angel settles back at his side, trying to angle his hips to keep himself from poking Dean. There’s a thick vein on his neck, which Dean can feel thrumming and pulsing when he sloppily traces it downwards to his jugular with his tongue. Cas swallows audibly.
, entails most of the features common with relationships, except there weren’t any love you’s and hand holding while walking in the beach. It had always been kinda rough,
“Okay, cool, nice talk. I think I need more drinks.” Dean excuses himself clumsily from the table to get more drinks from the bar, heart still racing. He doesn’t want to think about what’s happening here, it’s too fucking weird. He orders some specialty brew in a large pint and another beer for Cas. The pint turns to multiple pints; Dean’s in a hurry to drink himself to blackout. Cas is much more moderate in his drinking, so he attempts to keep Dean in check too. Dean almost loses his shit, when Cas confides that since Gabe’s bankruptcy, he’s almost ran away twice with two different C-list porn stars, and he’s been running illegal casinos, burning through his money faster than you can spell “jail time”. Dean’s trying to stay cool about it, until Cas absolves him, granting that it is slightly insane. When Dean’s speech becomes too slurred, while he’s trying to insist the accusations against Gabe are totally unfounded and unfair, Cas calls it a night, shutting down all Dean’s protests patiently. Cas steadies him, when Dean sways slightly while getting up, staying close behind as he staggers towards the front door, room spinning unpleasantly.
Things are going okay between Dean and Cas. At least for the most part. Somehow Dean can’t get the conversation they had out of his head, and he is somehow
“Cas, I…I’m sorry. For how I’ve been acting. I’ve been a real asshole. I drove you away, and all of this, is my fault.” Dean’s chest gets tighter with every word, it gets harder to breathe. How can he even begin to apologize this mess he’s created? He inhales shakily, risking a glance at Cas. And stops there, because Cas' eyes are a well of emotion, undimmed, and
“You’re good,” Sam says reassuringly, touches his clammy forehead lightly. Dean doesn’t have the energy to answer, but he pats his brother’s thigh as thanks. Sam gets out wordlessly and gets on the driver’s seat, shutting the door louder than necessary.
The problem is, Dean knows that Cas has a way of breaking down his barriers. Ever since they first met, Cas has dug his fingers into his core, sometimes painfully, unshackling some pieces of himself he didn’t remember that existed. Sometimes that touch has been borne of forgiveness, soothing his scarred insides. Cas feels like a safe haven, someone to come home to. Someone to share his life with. And that scares Dean a lot. They haven’t ever really discussed this… thing that they have, instead just replacing the words with sweet, slow or hungry and desperate looks and kisses. And things worked out well, until the Mark of Cain. Until Dean screwed it all up because he was too weak to resist the pull. Cas left him because he was not good enough. Dean knows he had something,
“Fuck...” He groans, mouth moving against Cas' coarse stubble, pushing the angel’s hand away harshly. The angel huffs in displeasure, a disgruntled, small sound which turns into a keen moan when Dean fits them both in his palm, fingers tracing the bulging veins along the shaft of Cas' erection, feeling how slickened both are already. He can’t take his eyes off, mouth dry with sudden thirst, lips parted, when he watches how the heads of their cocks rub together when he sets up a hard, fast rhythm. Cas thrusts against him, legs trembling with building pleasure, and he meets the angel halfway there, so close now. Cas’ wandering hand sweeps over their erections, thumbing Dean’s slit and yeah, if he wasn’t already crashing through his breaking point, this does it. The orgasm hits him like a cold tidal wave, tightening the muscles in his lower abdomen, and he has no other choice but to ride it out, muffling his moans into Cas' exposed throat, hips stuttering compulsively against the angel, and he squeezes out every last ounce of pleasure left in him by seeking friction on his oversensitive cock, only to feel Cas coming too, fingers wound tight in Dean’s hair, groaning out his name, come coating their hands.
“Um, so this was apparently yesterday, and more or less the same thing has happened five days ago in Sandersville, Georgia. A teenage girl stabs two and disappears. They find her remains 20 miles out of town. And another, three weeks ago in Oregon. This time no body was found. And this is just what I’ve found so far.”
“So...I know I sort of messed up last night. And- and I’m sorry for what I said. I was having a bad moment and um, I really didn’t mean any of it. It’s just, this thing with dad’s death, it’s been fucking me up, and sometimes I don’t think what comes out of my mouth.” Dean is looking at Cas carefully, trying to catch any miniscule changes that might mean his words would connect with him. This really isn’t his strong suit. Cas stops his task and sighs deeply, frustration coming off him in waves.
“My dad died. And this is everything that used to be him, his whole life. I-”, he has to stop there. He takes a breath, and another. The pounding of his heart eases a little. The man steps closer, looking like wants to touch him again. Dean draws back in an automatic response, fixating on a half-opened box, where an old, familiar plaid shirt is peeking out.
Cas lays down against his side again, body flush with his, and he cups Dean’s jaw and kisses him deeply, more demandingly. He remembers thinking about kissing Cas numerous times, imagining how it would feel to touch those chapped lips, to feel the slight scrape of his scruff against his mouth and jaw, but he didn’t realise how lost he would be the second that thought became reality. He’s been lost, but at the same time Cas is the only thing who can pull him back and keep him tethered.
to be near him, no matter how long they’ve been apart. The ceiling light flickers occasionally, filling the room with yellowed, dull light. It casts sharp shadows on Cas' downward features. The angel is constantly fidgeting with his hands, still trying to find the courage to look Dean in the eye. This seems like the whole other end of the spectrum of Castiel’s unpredictable behavior as opposed to the harsh, distant angel that was adamant on leaving. Dean will get whiplash eventually.
“Well, I could’ve sworn they were glowing,” she says wonderingly, immediately straightening up and waving his hand dismissively. “But hah! Look at me, ravings of a lonely old widow.” Huh. So, maybe it’s safe to rule out witches at this point.
“Dean, try to understand. I’m doing this for me. I’m not…giving up on anything, I just think it’d be best I stay away from you now.” Dean bites his lower lip in frustration, his whole posture tightening.
And I know it was the Mark that made you that way, but still, I sacrificed a lot to get you back, and finally, when we managed to lift the curse, I thought to myself that okay, things will probably go back to normal between us. I wasn’t holding on to the things we went through back then, I was fully prepared to give my life for you. It just the fact that you held on to it, I think, and it made you shut down. And I still feel like I’m trying to help you shoulder through that crap, but you keep pushing me away. It just feels like constantly trying to swim against the current, and honestly, it gets so tiring sometimes. So yeah, there you have it.” Sam stops, does a little half-shrug with his shoulders that makes Dean feel like they’re both just as clueless on how to fix it. There’s a cold, tight fist slowly squeezing around his insides, making it harder to take a full breath.
“There he is. You can drop me off here”, Cas says, excitement lighting up his voice, already waving at someone from his seat, and there’s a handsome, dark-haired man standing in front of a cafe, who smiles widely when he spots Cas in the car. Cas holds up his finger, signaling the man to wait and turning to him, and Dean can’t remember if he’s ever looked that excited to see him.
“Y-yeah, stay safe.” Cas gives him a final smile and a salute before he takes off, walking hurriedly, head pressed down to give him protection against the heavy rain. Dean watches after him, until the darkness engulfs his hunched form. He exhales shakily, finally letting out the breath he’s been holding for the last few hours. He’s fucking in love with Cas. He’s in love with him.
“Thanks Dean. I just don’t consider it to be such a grandiose thing, so forgive me you didn’t get the the rainbow flags and queer pride intro. I date who I want, but since I rarely date, I don’t think it’s a big deal or anyone’s business.” His words are sharp, but he softens them with a smile, but something in his expression tells that he’s quite ready to ditch this subject for now. Dean nods in understanding and struggles to find anything intelligent to say.
“Dean? Where are you?” Sam sounds hesitant, like he knows something isn’t right but isn’t able to pinpoint the problem yet.
Dean can’t let the day end like this. He turns around, facing Cas, heart jumping through his chest with sudden panic, because he’s laying much closer than Dean realised.
“I mean I don’t have any, you just look like you need it”, Cas calls out after him, teasingly. Dean slams the door behind him in silent protest, and he can hear the other man snicker on the other side.
“Yeah, I get it, don’t worry.” Dean gives him a reassuring smile, searching his eyes for the confirmation that Cas doesn’t think he overstepped his boundaries. That is the moment Sam decides to swoop down on them, two foaming pints balanced on his hands. Cas lets go of his arm almost unnoticeably.
Castiel took a step forward, forcing Dean to move with him. The hunter just kept waiting for his big move, backing down slowly so he would be ahead of Castiel’s movements, their eyes never leaving each other, ready to rebel against the angel. They stopped when Dean's back hit the wall, and the hunter gave him a crooked smirk. It was a twisted version of his smiles that had brought sunshine into the room, and Castiel’s heart wrung in his chest momentarily with longing for the man in the past.
, who was ready to give his everything for him, but he can’t be worth it anymore. So, it’s easier to keep Cas out of reach. Just until he can be someone worthy. And he’s not even sure how serious Cas is about redeeming himself. Maybe he’s just humoring Sam. Maybe he just wanted to see what a mess Dean is and now, all he needs is a reason to leave again.
”So that’s why the place was silent as a grave when I tried to escape,” Dean mutters partially to himself, after a while. Sam mouths a silent
“Stop it, Dean. You look like a breeze could kill you.” Dean scoffs tiredly in response. Sam starts digging into the first aid kit, fishes out a needle and thread, and then scoots closer. He looks exhausted, with dark circles under his eyes and coarse stubble framing his cheeks.
“Hi, yeah, I was just cleaning out stuff and I-I thought that it would be nice to, you know, talk.” Dean is stammering and he knows it. He clears his throat and tries to work out the roughness of his voice.
“I- I came to apologise about last night”, Dean offers, hoping that it’d be the right thing to say. Cas stares at him in sullen silence, before he huffs and opens the door fully, inviting Dean in. Cas is barefooted, and he curls his toes against the cold when Dean enters, bringing in the chilly autumn breeze. He disappears into the kitchen without a word, carrying a certain air of resentment about him, leaving Dean to undress his coat. Dean follows Cas silently, observing him from the doorway. His shoulders are tense, when he picks up the knife and carries on chopping some carrots, and he’s deliberately not looking at Dean. It’s not particularly encouraging, but he doesn’t really have a say in the matter, if Cas chooses to ignore him. He takes a steadying breath, struggling at finding the right thing to say.
Dean lets them in his apartment, heading straight to the bedroom, making a space for Cas in his bed, while Cas shuts himself in the bathroom. His nerves are acting up again, making his palms sweaty, because
“I know”, Cas murmurs in a tone that Dean can’t read. It’s softer than he’s used to. “We’re okay, so let’s just get to sleep.” He turns around, rolls the covers tighter around himself. “Good night, Dean.”
“I actually have no idea, what’s it like to grow up as a gay guy in a small town. I didn’t know any gay people when I grew up, at least not openly gay ones.” He opts for honesty, hoping that Cas will find some mercy in him not to throttle him between his teeth over his ignorance. “Have you like- have you always know you’re gay?”
The first thing Castiel had learned about Dean was that he could act like a teenage boy around his first crush when it came to relationships. From what he had gathered, Dean was all about drunken one-night stands, but Castiel had found out that there existed also a romantic under all that spike and sarcasm.
How do you break out something like that? How can he mend something like that, when the ground beneath them has shattered again, and he’s the one who caused it?
The place was never a real home for either Dean and Sam, but it holds memories, good and bad. It was just a house where their dad settled after he got tired of running.
“Sammy. I bet you’ve followed the local news, anything on the hospital?” Dean’s tone is neutral, but he’s got the look of a man who’s dreading to hear the answer. Sam looks identical in his measured carefulness when he answers, like he was afraid to hear the question.
“I can’t deal with this right now, Cas.” Dean manages, and the angel must take this as some sort of encouragement to start a conversation, because he can hear him stepping closer softly.
And he misses both the hard and the easy parts. Dean’s angry outbursts every time he got frustrated with Castiel or simply because he got insecure. Learning the subtle cues that comes from knowing the other person intimately. There’s only a fraction Castiel has managed to understand, he feels, like how Dean’s whole body seems to hum with restless energy, when he’s in a good mood, or how the lines around his mouth tighten, when he’s barely to refrain himself from snapping at somebody. How his pupils dilate and breathing deepens, when he wants Castiel. Figuring out sex. Castiel only started to understand what’s the fuss about, when he made Dean come the first time, and he thought,
“Uh, yeah. These killings have something to do with angels, but I don’t know who. I’ve sensed some…fluctuations in the fabric of the grace, like there is a dissonance chord in it, all within the timeframe of the murders. It just feels wrong. And before the last murder, it just grew stronger. But the killings are so wide-spread that I can’t track down the culprits. That’s why I called you to help.” It had taken surprisingly long for Castiel to put two and two together, but he didn’t possess Sam’s talents for investigation. Mostly he had wandered aimlessly from town to town, picking up on prayers, discreetly trying to help people. This wasn’t the first time he had tried to make it on his own, but this time the days felt hollow, greyed out. But it was the way it had to be, and he had to learn how to live with his choices. Then the case had literally fallen into his lap, when the news had reported a weird murder couple of towns over, and he finally had an explanation for the oppressive feeling that had building at the edges of his consciousness for weeks.
“Well, it’s not a vacation, per se. My brother, Gabe, I’ve told you about his dealings, right?” Dean nods, glad that he was able to distract Cas that easily. “He’s facing a lawsuit and possible jail time, his business is closing down, so I need to go help him a bit. He’s not dealing with this very...maturely.” They pause for a second, when Cas’ drink gets delivered to the table.
“Morning Sam. Dean.” Cas sounds just as tense. Dean nods in response, quickly shifting his gaze to his shoes.
“And…it’s okay to miss him, Dean. You should speak to Cas.” The beer bottle hits the table with excessive force. And suddenly it’s all back, anger and betrayal and hurt, all tangling together inside of him, twisting and stabbing and tearing everything in its path. They say there's five stages of grief, but he decided to stick with the first two.
. Castiel's fist stayed motionless at his side, but Dean could see he was struggling hard, as shadows of the conflict passed through his worn features.
“Now now, it’ll all be alright.” Before Dean can start wondering what she means, the door closes, and he’s left alone on the front porch. He checks his phone before he starts the car, but there are zero messages or calls, so after few minutes of indecisiveness he tries calling Sam, but it goes to voicemail after few unsuccessful rings.
“Um, hi, I’m Sam.” His brother extends his arm across the table, somehow managing to look amused and earnest at the same time. Cas leans forward to shake his hand.
“I need to lift you up now, put the bandage in place. You with me?” Sam asks, tension straining his voice.
"Maybe little less hand holding and more healing?" Castiel seemed to take the hint, finally, and released his hand reluctantly.
“Oh, you know me. Can’t get through a morning without a proper bloodshed.” Dean rummages through his stuff, finding the painkillers he desperately needs, swallowing them dry. He plops down on a chair opposite of Sam, and his brother hands him the bag wordlessly, chewing on heavily salted bacon. They been through so many fights they both know how to handle this. Act normal until either one of them explodes. It almost feels like a relief to be handling shit like this, at least Dean knows what to expect. A respite from the constant caution that they have taken with each other, eroding the solid foundations of their trust.
“Cas,” Dean breathes out, taking in the rumpled figure of the angel, who has stopped dead on his tracks the second he’s seen Dean. Sam is standing beside him, looking haggard and tired. Both stare at Dean, Cas with a look of pure shock and devastation on his face.
”Cas? You have anything more that can help us?” Sam startles him and Castiel’s focus snaps back like a rubber.
“Stay”, he says, and Dean relaxes against the pillows, obeying without a fight. Suddenly the coldness of the room isn’t a problem any longer; he feels hot, blood pulsing in his veins, heart beating in his chest faster. He loves how Cas has that effect on him, after all this time they’ve been together, even after years of circling each other like cats in heat, avoiding this thing between them. Each time feels like something new, but at the same time it’s comfortable, like coming home.
Castiel had seen it now. He had seen it in Dean's handwork, with the animalistic cuts and the mangled bodies left behind in his rage, and he feared. He feared and loathed the mark, how it had devoured Dean. And he wondered, how was there ever such a time they still thought they could beat this. With bright eyes and optimistic smiles they had sworn that this was just another obstacle, making something akin a spark of hope light a new fire in Dean's eyes. Now only killing made those dead eyes come alive. And still they had to believe and fight, struggle against what felt like walking against stormy waves.
