He swallows, mouth dry. “There’s little to know,” he says, mouthing slowly around the words as though testing the sounds on his tongue.
“Dean, please,” he pleads, begs, “It’s not working.” He finally looks to Dean, then, meets those beautiful green eyes, so bright against his pale skin. And his face crumples, chest caving as tears stream down his face, letting out a loud cry, that wracks his body.
“But I don’t regret it. For if you’d gone into battle you might be dead right now. And that’s the only thing I would regret.”
“Good,” Dean says, eyes still averted. “I’m hungry.” He nods towards the guard behind him before the guard takes off, finally dismissed now that Castiel is here.
“You can’t leave,” Dean rasps, the emotion overwhelming him. He still has a hand on Castiel’s arm and if he wasn’t out in the open with so many people watching he would clutch his face and hold it to his.
Nicolaus says something else but Castiel can’t hear it. There’s a pounding in his skull as he rubs furiously at his eyes, trying to wipe the blood away. He blinks rapidly, looking around the now empty room. The pig still lies on the floor as Castiel pulls hard at his shackle. “Nicolaus!” he shouts, the panic welling, threatening to crush him. “Nic—” He cuts himself off as he spots the key lying in the dirt and quickly gets down on his knees to reach for it. When he does he fumbles to open the shackles, hands slippery with red.
And with only one swift glance towards the door, he slips his fingers beneath the leather lining, not sure what he’s looking for, not sure if he’s going to find anything. But then--
And what about the mission? He played a big part in ruining it – not only did he choose Castiel as his guard, the first mistake, but also had him whipped, thrown in the dungeons and then outed him as an angel.
She raises a hand to stop him. “None of that now. You need to eat and rest. We’re having a celebration tonight. And after you’re well rested we’ll hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss what’s next.”
“It is such a pleasure to meet such a lovely group of ladies,” Dean says, arm disappearing from Castiel’s shoulders.
Castiel’s lip quivers. “Just stay with me,” he whispers, curling over him until their foreheads touch.
“So you were just jealous?” Cas asks, his voice tinged with humour. Dean looks up to see Cas grinning and he begins to blush.
day that the prophecy meant you and not me. And you know that. Better than anyone else.” And Michael’s eyes brighten in understanding.
She eyes him strangely. “It’s just that I knew him as a child. We were not best friends, of course, he was years older than us but we had a good relationship. In fact, I always thought he was grateful for us, Kyra and I. For being friends with Castiel and for caring for him for when he was away in the day training as a soldier and could not be there for Castiel himself.”
It only serves to remind him of Castiel, however, and how he would disappear into the shelves whenever his lesson with Orderic was being conducted and it has him wondering whether Castiel only ever did it for the moment alone as well or if he did indeed search for something within the shelves.
It’s as if Dean can hear his thoughts because it’s at that moment, merely ten minutes in, that he throws his arm around the back of Castiel’s chair – careful not to touch him.
He lets the torch go out when the light from the moon greets them in the tunnel and suddenly they turn a corner and it's there. The end of the tunnel. The ocean.
And he’s never seen Dean look even the slightest bit angry or embarrassed the entire time he’s spent with him so this is definitely a surprise. Castiel’s still bright red himself but waves it off and turns back to looking at his clipboard as the students calm down behind him.
A tap on the window makes Castiel get up from his desk and look out across his yard. When he looks down Dean is there, looking as beautiful as ever, with a large sign saying ‘Will you go to prom with me?’. And of course it’s raining. Not too hard but not too light. Just perfect.
One guard pushes him in and Castiel nearly walks over to find an empty space in the corner away from the other men when the guard pushes him again. “Turn around,” he says smugly. Castiel does, fixing on the faces of the guards waiting outside the cell. They’re smiling.
Castiel’s eyes widen, glancing about him to make sure no one is close enough to possibly hear what is being said. For someone to speak so firmly about the other angels, about their leaders… But he also feels a stab of warmth. That someone would care for him so easily.
It’s clear now that when they hid the Three, it was intended for him to find it last, after having already found the wings and halo. All that came looking before would either find their way barred or be killed.
“You fucked him,” Michael says harshly. Castiel’s eyes harden on his brother as humiliation burns his skin.
They were ashes kept in an old, stained jar buried beneath a small tree in the middle of a forest in the centre of the Southern Continent.
Nothing is really peaking his interest until Benny asks why Dean turned down a girl at a party on the weekend. Castiel sinks back into his chair, eyes laser focused on his blank phone screen.
Many halt to glance at them and Dean flushes, looking away. He’s used to the attention of thousands but not of this kind. Not from angels.
He’s losing his mind. And it’s all because of Castiel. It’s all because of an angel. And he wants to hurt him. He wants him to pay for all the pain that he’s caused him. How dare he fill his head with these lies and these doubts?
It still doesn’t make sense. Or perhaps he’s thinking too much because perhaps he doesn’t believe that Castiel would possibly stay for him.
“Oh, you know,” Nicolaus cuts across. “You took everything I had worked for from me. All those years and you just stumbled in and fucking took it.” He’s still jealous of his position with Dean? He remembers that from the beating Nicolaus gave him in the dungeon with Salicar along his side.
The rest of the page is blank and the page beside it has been ripped out but flicking through the rest of the journal, he finds it empty.
Dean lets out a rough breath, popping the top of the vial off with his teeth before dripping it over his fingers.
“Tell me about how he gave up everything for him.” Castiel’s breath catches, tears falling because-- “How he saved the world.”
Michael turns to him, blood and mud splashed across his chest and Castiel understands that he must have been following behind him.
“We should take a break,” Castiel says, and if it wasn’t for the sweat beading at his forehead, no one would be able to tell he had even exerted himself.
But that wouldn’t be very subtle. And Dean doesn’t want Castiel to know that he’s searching for answers.
Dean watches from a few yards back with the other guards as Sam sticks his hand through the gaps in the wooden beams to touch one of the pigs in the pen. Castiel kneels beside him, chattering away and Dean feels his chest tightening at the scene – at seeing how well they get along.
A guttural scream rips from his throat, eyes squeezed shut as Dean’s limp body lies cradled against him.
“You don’t need them. You don’t need any of them to remind you who you are and what you’ve been through,” Dean says, pulling him closer and Castiel finally looks up into his own eyes.
He tries again. And again. On the fifth attempt, he nearly trips him but Castiel pulls Dean forward with him and it somehow ends up with Dean on his ass and Castiel still standing above him. Dean groans, clenching his hands into fists.
The God of Darkness stares at him, eyes filled with horror as Castiel holds them in place. As Castiel keeps them from accessing their powers.
Dean swallows, breath warm on Castiel’s mouth. “You’ll feel better,” he says, their lips brushing as he speaks. “I promise.”
“I will allow Sam to inform you the best he can of everything that has happened and everything you do not understand but first I need to know of the large group of men that disappeared from this castle.”
“He didn’t say. Only that he wanted to speak with you now.” Castiel apprehensively follows the guard to Dean’s rooms – only a few doors down from his own. The prince, unlike Castiel, is half dressed, his trousers and boots pulled on but only his undershirt hanging off his shoulders. He sits at his desk, bandages out in front of him. The guard bows beside him and closes the door, leaving the two of them alone.
“…depends on the day or the weather, but most of the time I like to train outside,” Dean says, cutting straight through the middle of the hall, men seemingly parting with ease all around him.
Nyree purses her lips and there’s slight concern in her brown eyes when she looks towards Castiel. “Well, if you need me, I’ll be near the dining hall.” And with that, she’s turning and despite the thousands spread out across the fields around them, they are alone.
When their laughter finally dissolves, they descend into silence and Dean’s unsure where to go from here. But Cillian’s already ahead of him.
Dean steers the horse into the centre of the long, billowing fields that stretch on to the east of the castle where Castiel can now see a large blanket laid out with pillows and flowers and an abundant amount of food already plated up and ready, their servants waiting by off to the side.
“Oh, that’s not fair, is it? You know what’s not fair?” Dean says, stepping into his personal space. “Me waking up that morning to find that you were fucking leaving. Without even a word, you were going to leave. What if I hadn’t woken up when I did, huh?” Dean shoves him lightly in the chest, causing him to take a step backwards. “What if I woke up and you were already gone? I wouldn’t have even had a chance to say goodbye.”
“Hey, Santa Claus,” Dean calls, as he pads across the yard to where Mark and Christian are clowning around playing cricket by themselves with the shitty plastic ball and bat Dean only put out five minutes ago.
Castiel’s foot raps on the ground as he fiddles with the laces on his jerkin. He sighs after a moment, running a frustrated hand through his hair as he stares at himself in the mirror.
Castiel turns back to Sam and Dean. “Come with me and you can get some rest. I’m sure you must have had a long journey,” he says, placing a hand on Sam’s shoulder to guide him forward.
Dean swivels, ears and eyes open wide but it’s the grunt behind him that has him turning around to see Castiel on Catharlo’s shoulders, legs secured around his neck and before Dean can so much as blink, let alone run forward to attack, Castiel is falling forward, bringing the big man down with him.
He just wants to sleep. But he can’t seem to calm the rate of his heart nor the panic that lingers in his gut as he considers the future.
Dean undresses him bit by bit in the dark, having to cut the clothes from his upper half since his wings are permanent now and he hasn’t been wearing the appropriate clothing for them, until he is only in his undergarments before tucking Castiel wordlessly into bed. He presses a kiss to his dirty forehead before disappearing.
. It stung. It still stings. He may not know of being desperate for food and shelter – something he is grateful for – but he knows of desperation. Desperation for respect. For admiration.
He squeezes his eyes tighter shut, pulls Dean closer against him although at this point it is physically impossible to be any closer, as though he can melt into him and become one.
Dinner was in the kitchen with Sam and Mervyn and Castiel honestly wishes it could have gone on forever. He doesn’t want to go back to their rooms. Where they are alone in the small, suffocating space.
Castiel raises his shackled hands to touch his forehead. The blood there is dry and peeling off. Not wet.
“But now your time is up. Now it’s my time I get what I want,” the God of Darkness says, before grabbing the back of his collar and pulling.
There are plenty of animals too. He now understands why the angels don’t eat them. Because long ago, they would have guided their souls too.
A splash beside him and he turns to see Castiel close, hair already wet and eyes expectant as he looks to Dean.
"It's gonna be a hectic week, huh?" Dean says, clipping his seatbelt in as the bus driver finally starts the engine and veers out into the road.
As he enters the castle, his mind runs in circles. This is another moment. A moment where he should alert the maids and then disappear for a few moments in search of the halo or any signs of it. But all he wants is to be at Dean’s side.
“Emery Fletcher, Your Highness,” he responds, bowing slightly. “It’s an honour to finally meet you.” If a few eyes were on him before, all of them are on him now. The Crown Prince acknowledging the half-blood. The sight before them is rarer than if the sky turned blood red. He can practically feel the rage and jealousy radiating off of them and he has to try incredibly hard to keep his face devoid of any emotion.
“And this…” he trails off, waving his hand vaguely between them, shame clear on his face. “Did you do this to me? Did you
Castiel stares at him for what feels like eons, eyes clearly searching for something and Dean prays he can’t see through him and see how truly pathetic he’s being.
When the prince parts again, it’s to pull at his boots, ungracefully yanking them off and throwing them to the side as Castiel does the same with his own – careful with the dagger that’s hidden inside of one – and undoing their belts with their swords, knocking them to the floor, until they’re left only in their trousers.
“My pleasure,” Dimarus mumbles, as Dean exits out into the hall. Four guards wait for him. Like the time when Castiel was whipped, he is not gone long enough to bother with a replacement guard and Dean has just stuck with the four guards he’d ordered to follow him when Castiel was still new.
Suddenly, Patrus’ swords lift from the ground and back into their hands. “That’s right. You’re their blood. Their descendant.” They stride forward once more and Castiel regrips his swords, strengthens his stance. “And oh,” Patrus laughs darkly, swords raised, “would they be disappointed in you.”
But Dean is still here, above him – his face gentle and eyes caring after making love to him in his cold, dark room. And he’s beautiful. Overwhelming so.
And to be honest that’s good enough for Castiel because only a minute ago he was getting upset over how no one had asked him to prom but now Dean has and now Dean actually likes him back! The only person, to be honest, who he actually wanted to ask him like him back. With all of that in mind, everything else fades away, forgotten.
Multiple footsteps sound behind him before the door is grinded shut. Hands encircle his arm and pull him from his position on the ground until he’s forced to his feet. Two guards manoeuvre him until he’s facing the other way before forcing him to his knees.
Dean finally exits his chambers, adorning a much more immaculate uniform than his usual, his golden bands practically shining. Dean sweeps his eyes up and down Castiel’s own attire. “You brush up a lot better without dirt under your nails. Although…” Dean steps into his personal space, hands reaching out to tug his jerkin down straighter. Dean smiles, impressed with his own work before his eyes trail up to Castiel’s cheek.
Something in her softens as she gazes at him and he feels the ache trying to push its way into his chest but to no avail.
"We need to rest and regain our strength. The next time we travel, we'll be on our feet and it will be a few days walk. So, get all the sleep you can and eat as much as you need," Castiel says, to which Sam nods before spooning some more onto his plate.
“Really?” he asks, a lilt to his voice that makes Castiel think that Dean doesn’t quite believe him.
Castiel sees it before it happens. Patrus disappears and Castiel jumps. Jumps two yards in front of where he’s standing before turning and plunging his sword into Patrus’ back.
Castiel never had a moment in his life where he felt disgust at himself for falling for a man. Did he ever fall for a man before Dean? Does he like women too? Like Dean? Everything says otherwise but he’s too shy to ask.
No sympathy for cheaters. “He’d probably cheat them over somehow anyway." Just like his first girlfriend did to all her own friends eventually. Cheaters are probably all the same.
“Would you look at that? I would never have known you could brush up this well when I first saw you,” Dean says, his eyes mocking and grin wide. Castiel doesn’t bother with a response and Dean raises his eyebrows as though he expected one but only shrugs his shoulders. “Alright, then. Why don’t you come over and take a seat.”
"I once got called up to his desk in class," a girl Dean doesn't recognise starts, leaning forward on the table, "and from the look on his face I thought I was in so much trouble but turns out he was congratulating me for getting the highest marks in class!"
Dean’s arms prickle when Castiel speaks of taking the grace. Dean wishes he were there. Finds it hard to believe that a real angel is in his arms. A holy thing. A piece of the gods.
“Right,” she breathes, and there’s a small flash of amusement in her eyes. “Well, you’ve certainly come to the right person.
Dean’s fists clench by his sides. “If you’re so sure about him, why can’t you just turn him over yourself?” Dean pushes down the nausea bubbling in his chest. This is a dream. It has to be. No, a nightmare. He’s stuck in a nightmare and he squeezes his eyes shut, nails digging into his palms as he tries to wake up.
“I found it in that book of poems of mine – the one you picked up on one of those first days from my shelf to irritate me,” Dean says, eyes down, rambling now, “And I have no idea how it got there or why--”
“Every morning you will rise at dawn and promptly fetch me so we can go about our day. If anything is ever wrong I will ring that bell,” Dean says, pointing towards the small bell, “and if you are as quick as you were in the ring then hopefully we’ll never have any problems.”
The familiar feel of wooden wheels bumping over cobblestones before smoothing out onto flat road alerts him that they’ve arrived at the castle and it won’t be very long before the carriage halts to a stop. Despite the pelt draped around his shoulders Castiel shivers.
Castiel takes a deep breath. “He said it was the only way for me to be safe.” For the first time, Dean wishes he knew Castiel when he was younger. He wonders what he was like. Did he smile and laugh? Or was he always the same old broken that he is now?
Castiel stands beside him now in the ball room – filled with servants and generals, nobles and guards. His eyes flick around the room, surveying in that way he always does. But Dean can barely even care about the commotion. It’s entirely possible his father left his doors unlocked and the wind blew them open. It’s happened to Dean before once when he was younger as Heymon was dragged away to speak with his father and forgot to finish securing his rooms for the night.
“Good. Because I think I’m in love with you too.” Cas whispers against his lips. Dean finally pushes that final inch forward, sealing their lips together and it is so much better than any dream he has ever had.
They strip naked and run into the cool water. They swim for an age, laughing and smiling, kissing and just merely holding onto one another, breathing in each other’s skin.
“I’m not leaving here without you by my side. I said I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you upset, I was just trying--”
It’s startling lonely without him. Even if it’s only been one night and one day. It’s strange, however. For he hadn’t even realised that for a little while, he wasn’t alone.
The girls all disperse back over to pick up the last of their scraps and head back to the canoes, Castiel following after them and Dean’s left standing there, partially stunned and probably looking like the biggest love-struck idiot because
Dean snaps and in an instant he’s around the table with his hands on Castiel’s collar and is dragging him out of his chair to slam him against the wall. Castiel wraps his own hands around Dean’s wrists, holding them at bay as the knife bares its teeth near his throat.
Sam almost chokes around a potato (and on any other day Dean would laugh his head off) as an awkward silence falls over the other end of the table where John and Mary sit side by side, exchanging a strange look.
Dean lets out a deep breath before nodding. “Tell him I’ll be there in a moment.” The young man bows this time before striding away.
They're in Anathee, capital of Torrin. He suddenly remembers all in incredibly vivid detail what had happened the last time he was conscious and how the last thing he saw was a butt of a sword. It's only then, that he feels the throbbing pain of his head. He reaches up with shackled hands and touches it. There's flaky, dried blood all down his forehead and a serious lump at the edge of his hairline. The blood is dry. He lets out a deep breath. Just by the feel, however, he can tell he'll be fine even without healing. It hurts his head to try but he can’t do much anyways since it’s visible.
“Dean,” Castiel says, voice softer than ever before. He raises his eyes to meet Castiel’s once more. They shine in the first light of dawn.
“He told me you were one of the good ones. That I could trust you.” Catharlo feels a swell of pride in his chest.
“I suppose that’s a silly question, isn’t it?” Castiel lifts his eyes to meet her gaze, soft and understanding. “You are as good as you can be whilst they that you love are in a place surrounded by danger – a place far out of your reach – a place where all you’ve ever been is by their side.”
“Do you…” Dean releases a shuddering breath that warms his lips. “Do you still want…” Green eyes peer up under long eyelashes. And Castiel’s heart squeezes tight. It’s almost painful with everything that rages inside of him. But there’s no reason for it. Because despite all his conflicting emotions, the answer’s been there for a while now. As clear as day.
It’s the best thing Catharlo’s experienced in weeks and yet he can’t sit still in the moment. His mind wanders far and wide, never pondering one thing for too long for there is too much for him to consider.
Two thick, jagged scars run down between his shoulder blades. The scars Dean gave him. Even if it wasn't by his hand, it was by his words.
He flits his eyes over the first poem, smiling all the while until his eyes fall to the small piece of material that binds the book hanging from the spine.
“Do what?” Dean asks, his eyes flicking over every inch of Castiel’s face. He’s even more beautiful up close.
Castiel meets his eyes and Dean knows he doesn’t quite trust him. “Dean…” he breathes out before standing from his seat and heading towards the doors that leads into the hall. and now all he can hear over and over in his head is Castiel’s voice –
Dean peers out through the window once more before he bites his lip and grabs it. He turns it on and unsurprisingly the lock screen picture that used to be of him has been replaced to a picture of a flower. Dean doesn't know the name of it. But he knows it's Castiel's favourite.
“So, who is it?” Charlie’s question catches him off guard and he has to restrain himself from flicking his eyes towards the door – to who stands outside.
Yet still his father’s words work their way through his defences. But if Castiel can teach him to fight better than any man in the castle, he will finally get his father’s approval. Then he will be allowed in on the more important meetings – trusted with the more important matters. Surely then his father would speak to him more face to face rather than through Dimarus.
He doesn’t know what there is not to understand. He understands that they can’t be together publicly – that they are two men. He understands that perfectly. He understands that Castiel has been hurt before – terribly and consistently. But he also understands that Castiel kissed him back that night – let him touch him and hold him close – that he can stand Dean’s touch despite his fear.
"If you try anything, don't think I won't take this dagger across his throat," he calls, voice echoing eerily through the square. A light breeze has the abandoned inns surrounding them creaking ever so slightly, but there are no other sounds to be heard. There aren't even any birds flying overhead.
Dean shakes his head, his hand going limp in Castiel’s grip. “I should have been with him. I shouldn’t have left him here alone.”
There are only two guards inside the tower, neither of which he recognises. Catharlo immediately starts asking the guards routine questions about anything that's happened or not happened in the last few hours. Nicolaus doesn't bother listening and he turns to look at the small, wooden table with the guard's food and water for their shift. Nothing that looks too appetising. And especially not considering, one of the fucking idiots decided to place the piss bucket right next to the table.
Helplessness settles inside of him as he looks to the others and finds his heart sinking, their faces all drawn in thought.
“What was Castiel planning to do with the halo once you retrieved it for him and is it true that he had the wing power?”
The nobles flood the place once the outer gate is finally opened and to pass the time waiting for Sam to arrive, they scour all the game stalls, Dean leaning over and whispering as to which prizes are the worst and pointing out a prize that he thinks Sam might enjoy. They are halted many times as nobleman and noblewoman come across the prince, bowing respectfully before engaging in short, dull conversations while Castiel stands to the side. He’s not sure how he does it. Keep up this façade and deal with all these chattering people for so long.
The self-hatred and guilt, the pain and fear. He lets it all out in the form of hacked off sobs and falling tears. And after what feels like hours, after it's all turned into a hollow ache in his chest, he stands, wiping his cheeks dry with the back of his hands and devises a plan.
“I don’t?” Castiel swallows down the rising emotions in his chest as he faces Dean’s challenging stare. “I know someone hurt you when you were younger. That they left scars all over you and hurt you so bad that you can barely let anyone touch you without you recoiling away.” Castiel almost flinches at the words themselves. He doesn’t want to hear this. He doesn’t need to hear this. Not from him. “And I know that you didn’t when I touched you. You said it yourself. You let me in.” Castiel shakes his head, chest tightening. “So, don’t act like this is nothing.”
He takes it better than expected. Fear and hesitation are justifiably present but it’s taken over by that fierce bravery and strong will his younger brother has shown throughout their journey thus far – and throughout all his years – to do whatever he can to help.
It provides Dean with momentary distraction and gives him something to do and keep his hands busy for otherwise, he is not entirely present. For as many days as they prepare in camp, his chest is constantly tight, never relinquishing and sometimes he thinks he must not be breathing – his lungs are too constricted to take in anymore air – but he’s still here, every time he checks.
There’s another second of silence before, “I don’t know. Maybe I’m just not interested at the moment.” Castiel’s chest tightens and he impulsively peeks up once more to find Dean already staring back at him. Castiel blinks, face warming and Dean looks away.
He could see it in those eyes. The portrait of Castiel whipped, beaten and bloodied. Forced to his knees, face connected with Dean’s own fist. The guilt and shame. He must have felt he deserved it. Castiel closes his palm over the knuckles of his right hand, wishing he could heal it already, along with this crushing ache inside of him.
UPDATE: I’m hoping to have Chapter 12 up on Thursday the 4th of October. Thank you all for being so patient. Much love <3
Dean smiles. “Yeah, they are. I’m pretty lucky. I mean, my dad was a little mad when I said I wanted to study film but he tolerates it now, so.”
The ring on his finger. The ring Dean gave Castiel for his seventeenth birthday. They often frequented the local second-hand op shop together after school, always keeping their eyes peeled for any cheap goodies and Dean had noticed the way Castiel’s eyes had lingered on the piece of jewellery. He hadn’t said anything though and Dean thought maybe he was too embarrassed to buy it. He’d never worn jewellery before but Dean thought he’d look fucking cool with it (at the time he didn’t realise the phrase he was looking for was fucking hot) and he’d bought it for him on his birthday. Castiel had nearly cried and hugged him tight enough that it hurt, sentimental as he was.
He still hasn’t told Dean what happened. Dean had left him alone for most of yesterday even though he had so terribly wanted him to stay and in the morning, Castiel had only led him to the pig that still lay dead in a pool of blood in the stone building and said he wanted to bury it. He knew Dean wanted to ask then – but only agreed and had some of the guards load it into a crate and hooked onto the back of his horse.
He exits the room quietly, padding down the hall to the next before poking his head inside to find Sam snoring quietly. He sees that dawn has barely broken over the horizon from where he glances out one of the many windows in the hall. Despite that, Baudet and Orella can both be seen outside, along with another woman that must be Orella's sister, already working the fields.
Castiel stares at him, into those beautiful green eyes that feel as though they can see straight into his soul, caressing the very being of him. He swallows before carefully resting his head on Dean's shoulder, not able to conjure up any more words lest he break. His tears come silently, chest tight as he holds it all in and when Dean's strong arms wrap around him, mindful of his wounds, he breathes.
Dean’s head whips up. He looks around for a moment before he dashes over to the window and heaves it up.
He opens his eyes again and they easily fall on Emery’s profile, highlighted softly in the sunlight.
He drops his head to the desk. He wants to scream. Dean stands abruptly and rounds his desk towards the bathing room when his door gently opens. He halts, eyes catching Castiel’s.
He tells her of his mission to get into the royal castle and search for the halo and map of the grace for they had neither. He told her of knowledge of the demon from Queen Mary and how they hoped it still lingered in someone within the castle.
“It’s getting dark. We should head back now.” Dean runs a hand over his face and when he opens his eyes there’s a hand extended out in front of him. Dean stares at it before blinking. Castiel’s face is once again blank but Dean notices the slight heave of his chest. He doesn’t think about it. He goes for it, grabbing Castiel’s hand with his own.
Michael turns his face up to the sky, eyes fluttering closed for a moment. Then, without so much as blinking he turns on Castiel, rage in his eyes, one hand clenched into a fist, the other reaching for him.
The first time Patrick shows up on the screen, Dean wolf whistles. The girls all laugh and Dean sees out of the corner of his eye Castiel attempt to contain a smile. He bites his bottom lip to contain his own.
It dawns on him slowly. Is Castiel here because of the halo? Is he trying to steal it back? But he was captured and taken here. He couldn't have known. Unless he somehow planned to. Dean shoves the journal back under the floorboards. This changes everything. Castiel's death could mean the fate of the world thrown out of balance - innocent souls condemned. The demon can't find him.
But he didn’t give Dean that. And now Dean thinks of them as only friends. As only partners in this life.
“Stay back!” he shouts, sheathing his own sword at his hip. Behind him, they step back towards the door.
“And Dean? How’s he been?” Castiel’s mouth tastes sour all of a sudden. Great. Another reminder. “Didn’t see him tonight. Is he doing some important acting stuff?”
There’s a guttural cry behind him and he turns to see a man charging and Castiel stumbles to raise his sword in time to meet his blow but before he can, an angel hurls into him from the side, forcing the man to the ground before they finish him off with a slice of their throat.
But he is. And Castiel doesn’t want to admit it to himself but even after the first two sessions of this semester, Dean’s already imprinted on him.
Outside the cell, only one body lies, blood dribbling from an open wound in his chest. It’s one of the king’s guards, he recognises as Emery pulls him up the stairs. It’s only when they’ve reached the top that he pulls back, panic spiking in his throat.
They run over what they will be doing and what Dean needs to be discussing with the mayor of Lithos before they settle down for the night. Castiel doesn’t question when two guards stand in the hall separating Castiel and Dean’s rooms.
Castiel blinks, taken aback. He’d tried not to think about since he heard he would have to face the demon on the battlefield. And it’s only because--
And the jock with the money finally leans in closer, saying something and suddenly Castiel turns and shoves him as hard as he can. All around him there’s muffled laughter and gasps. But the jock only stumbles back a few steps, laughing with his friends as Castiel turns once more and continues to stride away, almost running and soon he’s rounding the corner to the science building and he’s gone.
How did we get here, Dean thinks as he restlessly taps his fingers on his knee, staring out the front windshield of the impala to the film flickering in front of him.
Dean’s hand is already sweaty where he clutches the shield he had been given. The chainmail is heavy but Castiel insisted he wear it, as all the other angels are.
“No one can touch you,” she says, and he realises that despite her foreign accent her Torric is perfect.
“Dude!” Dean shouts, flipping Victor and the rest of his friends off before self-consciously returning his eyes to Castiel and it’s so strange to see. Dean Winchester is the last person who gets self-conscious. Especially when it comes to hitting on guys because he’s had no problem doing that since the day they met. But this…there’s something different.
Dean Winchester, unlike the rest of the class, doesn't have smug look on his face. His beautiful, green eyes are tinted with curiosity, something that confuses Castiel.
“That dude over there is definitely giving you horizontal tango vibes, if you know what I’m saying,” Seb chuckles, amused by himself.
And all he can imagine as he places one foot in front of the other is Castiel, in the hands of the very demon he let loose, the life being sucked out--
Dean glares at Castiel a moment before responding, arms out gesturing towards the guards. They all have their hands on their hilts. “Well I’m one of the best fighters in this castle. Doesn’t that count for something?”
He hadn’t left Dean’s side throughout the entire battle. It would make sense that he would have followed Dean when he tried to run for Castiel.
He wonders when it starts. Or when they are supposed to be heading there. And what of Sam? Has he woken yet? He almost pushes himself up before he remembers Castiel and settles, not wanting to wake him.
Michael takes care of most and one half of his face is so bloody now that he can barely see the skin beneath.
As they trot through town, it doesn’t seem like anything is out of sort. Catharlo stretches his ears to hear any mention of the king of Torrin or angels but he doesn’t catch anything. It appears that news of the North has not yet reached this part of the continent. Or perhaps the angels still have not announced that they have taken the castle. Although, Catharlo can hardly imagine those in Anathee not panicking or insisting answers. They’d received a short letter from a raven only a day ago of their success in the castle. It had made Catharlo feel slightly better, knowing there were no losses there at least.
And now Castiel’s angry. Because he never did anything to Dean. He never made him fall for an angel. Dean did that all on his own and how can he possibly blame Castiel for it?
“Yeah. yeah. I get it. Hurry up and go tell everyone that Dean Winchester is actually a big sap.” Dean says, sarcastically.
“So…what movie we going to see on Sunday?” Dean asks. Since Tuesday when their little ‘spat’ convinced Brady and Sebastian enough to bet that he won’t be getting in Castiel’s pants at all, they’ve organised to go to the movies on Sunday night and then head back to Castiel’s after to stage sex. Dean’s, obvious to say, really fucking excited.
Before they immediately hike their way into the forest beside the small city of Terrowin, Castiel wants to speak to one of the locals first as to where they’re heading. Unfortunately, despite the map telling them where the grace is located, it doesn’t exactly give them any specifics. He wants to know if there are any caves or tunnels or places others have never successfully ventured. Better to head up there with knowledge of the area then go in blind. He also wants to know the quickest route if there is one. He’d rather waste time now figuring it out than get lost in the forest and waste time there.
Castiel holds her eyes and wishes above everything that he could speak of his life with ease, a whimsical smile upon his face, mind drifting back to loving memories.
“It’s okay,” he breathes back, not trusting his voice to not wobble as he raises his own hands to guide Dean’s away.
One of Dean’s hands skims up his side as he buries his face in Castiel’s neck and Castiel can’t help but arch into his touch, aching for it so completely, this man before him, this man that stood by him for no other reason but he loved him.
A low growl reverberates from the eyes attached to the beast and finally it steps a little closer, slowly, however, as if regarding prey.
Dean almost laughs, reaching out instead to grip Castiel’s hand in both of his. “No. Cas, this…” Castiel’s eyes are wet with unshed tears, despite the calm emptiness that spreads across his entire face. Dean exhales deeply, pressing his cheek against the hand he has gripped in his own. “I want to know. I don’t care how much of a burden it is. This is the world. And I won’t let you carry this on your own.”
He’s not sure if the prince has lost his mind or not. Perhaps not, for if Castiel did intend to kill him then he is right. It would’ve already been done. Dean gestures for Castiel to take the swords again.
The smaller girl taps the arm of the taller girl and shows her the book. The girl smiles and says something that Castiel can't quite hear but it brings joy to the smaller girl's face.
The moon reflects off hazel wings, stretching out wide across the clearing, feathers ruffling in the breeze.
Brady’s about to retort something in return when the one and only Bela Talbot strides over, perching herself on his table.
The boys are so rowdy that Castiel can hear them above the rain before he even enters and almost stops dead in his tracks when the first thing his eyes decide to land upon is a very shirtless Dean.
He loves women. He loves them as much as the next man. He loves their sweet curves and soft breasts and thighs clenched around him.
The floor of the room is covered in dirt and sand, offering a softer fall for the men. On each side of the room, including the one they just came through, is a set of large wooden double doors, opened wide and letting the daylight shine through the arches.
He shakes his head, clearing his throat. “No, I just – I need to go.” Her eyes fall but Dean barely notices. “Let me escort you back to the ball before I leave.”
Dean catches Castiel’s eye at a stop light, his jaw touched by a hint of stubble, lips curved into his own trademark smile, tan skin peeking out from under his jacket, as handsome as always. And for some strange reason, he looks like he belongs there, at his side, in the front seat of the impala.
Mary holds his eyes for what feels to be an age, the wordless quiet between them stretching on before Mary finally purses her lips and looks away.
And it’s a strange feeling. To look at someone and feel that flutter inside his chest. To have his eyes light up at the mere sight of them. And to know that just for this moment, everything is okay.
Castiel opens his eyes, finding Dean’s welling with tears, a smile blooming on his face. He shakes his head, trying to blink them away.
Dean blinks, eyes beautiful as they hear his words. He leans in, kissing him hard but gentle all at once.
His eyes are narrowed but there’s a hint of amusement there too. They stare for a moment, Castiel unwilling to avert his eyes as he believes most prisoners probably do.
There’s no teasing in Castiel’s words now, however, when he says, “Go on, then.” Dean’s stomach flutters, his eyes falling to Castiel’s lips, curved into a smile. “Kiss me.”
His father raises an eyebrow at him. “Did you have something you wanted to share?” Dean’s chest rises and falls, heart beating rapidly in his chest.
“After we left you at the invasion, we did end up finding our own parents. They told us to run south as fast as we could and not look back. So, we did. As fast as we could. But we were terrified. And we couldn’t leave our parents. Even if they insisted to fight. So, we turned around and went back.”
“You should rest,” he says. “Or at least bathe. I can get someone to bring up hot water if you want.” Castiel’s eyes widen slightly. “Or have them leave it outside,” he adds quickly. Castiel relaxes, nodding.
So, he gives him a few more moments, sitting on the front steps of the cabin and letting his gaze pass over the few angels still out and about around camp – mostly warriors on duty – before he rises and enters the cabin.
But suddenly, he is raising a hand to Dean’s face and his fingers are hesitant as they graze over his skin as though touching him for the last time.
But of course, things never come that easy. Not for Dean. And so, he’ll have to wait to find out more about this strange man who walks beside him just now.
After a minute or so of swiping, Castiel snatches his phone back. "Hey!" Dean says, grabbing for it back.
Reyne nods. “If it was able to gather those men, which I believe it’s quite possible it has, how easy would it be to convince them to enter the castle and kidnap Sam, all in the name of drawing out the angels – or more specifically
He crosses his legs underneath him and lets his hands lie limply in his lap. His eyes softly close and he chooses to focus on the feeling of his feet, where they rest on the cold, stone floor. Anything to keep him from focusing on the shouts of the prisoners and the smell of the piss, shit, blood and whatever else hangs in the air – the pain that seems to finds its way into every nook and cranny of his body, his head throbbing too hard for him to focus on healing just yet – and the fact that he’s sitting in the dungeon of the royal castle of Torrin. The castle, in which also sits a king. The same one who started a war ten years ago to wipe out Castiel’s entire species – the angels.
Dean grazes his lips at first and Castiel feels the breath shudder out of him. He knows what’s happening here. Dean wants this but he doesn’t want to hurt him. So, he pushes forward, capturing Dean’s lips with his own and drawing a small, surprised noise from the back of Dean’s throat.
Dean turns his head slightly and Castiel eyes flick up to find he’s being watched. And he knows Dean can see it. That vile feeling in his chest at touching Dean in such a way.
Dean whips his head back up. “No, of course not,” he says, shaking his head in disbelief. “It was his choice to go down there. How could you think that of me?”
Castiel sighs. “Yes, Your Highness,” he says, still not used to the phrase, before closing the door with a click.
The camp around them, despite being given vague details over their mission’s next steps a mere day after Dean first proposed his idea, goes on as normal. Something that, somehow, calms him.
But he smiles, watery and beautiful, blue eyes piercing and it’s the same as she remembers. The same ones she’s dreamt about for over ten years now.
Castiel blinks back a sudden hot wave of tears that threaten to spill, his heart pounding in his chest.
“So, how have you been?” Leda asks softly. “I heard about what happened at Narla. I wished that you never had to go through that.” Dean lets out a deep breath.
Charlie had received a letter as to the plan of course, which she had safely sent on to Emery a week before.
Charlie is the first to find him and whilst they are both happy to see each other, it appears that she has been told of everything that happened. First, Dean’s death and then the battle to end it all. But her presence is reassuring more than anything and Dean feels a moment of relief when she tells him she will be visiting again soon.
“He will be okay. His wounds will heal but he will struggle the next few days,” she responds and Dean nods.
He can feel Castiel straining in effort as they begin to trek out towards the stables. It's not far but Dean can feel the muscles beneath his fingers clenching and see the agony written on his face as he moves leg after leg. Dean halts him in his step, not even asking before wrapping an arm under his shoulders and looping another under his knees and swinging him up into his hold.
"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, this is my fault," Castiel mumbles against his chest, shoulders trembling, hands gripping at Dean's shirt.
“The sewers,” Dean says, turning his eyes on Castiel. “How did you know where to go? Did Emery tell you that to.”
Castiel stares at him, eyes glimmering and something cracks in that emptiness just as he leans forward, arms wrapping around Dean’s neck and burying his face in Dean’s shoulder. Dean’s hands only falter for a second before they embrace Castiel, resting on the bare skin of his back, eyes slipping closed as he breathes in his scent.
Here they are, striding to what has culminated for thousands of years. Elaria walks close by his side, Dean just a few steps in front of them.
Castiel freezes, his eyes wide and he swears his heart stops too. “What?” he squeaks out and if he wasn’t so shocked by what Dean had just asked then he would’ve noticed the faint pink dusting Dean’s cheeks.
Castiel doesn’t look up from where he stands barefooted, fingers on the laces of his jerkin he’s attempting to undo. Dean steps into his personal space, observes the way Castiel’s fingers become more forceful – less graceful – in their movements before he reaches out and secures his hands around Castiel’s wrists.
“If you have an issue with that, you can take it up with the king. Although you might have to be quick as we are leaving right about…now.”
He’s almost too wrapped up in his own thoughts to hear the knocking on the door to his room. “Castiel?” a guard says, tripping over his name inelegantly. Unlike Dean. “Prince Dean has asked to speak with you.”
“To victory!” the crowd roars in response and with that the musicians begin to play. His father turns and greets some of the generals on stage. He doesn’t even glance at Dean and with that, Dean gestures to Castiel and steps down from the platform.
I thought since my uploading of chapters sadly isn't very consistent that I'd make a tagging list for those of you on tumblr (if you want to of course). So, send me an ask/message on tumblr if you want to be tagged when I post upcoming chapters. Or if you have an AO3 account you can subscribe to the story and I believe you get notifications whenever I post!
Dean stares at him in slight disbelief and Castiel can almost see it all turning over inside his head. “And how many others can do this?”
Castiel’s heart plummets. He really wishes he could avoid talking to Dean about this. Because then all he can think about is Dean taking someone else to prom and dancing with someone else that isn’t him. It’s not Dean’s fault that he’s a popular guy who every girl at school seems to drool over and he’s just the unnoticeable nerd who eats in the library at lunch.
And then he’s being dragged away, his legs kicking after him as he tries to stay on his feet. But he can barely move. Everything hurts and he can’t seem to focus on anything.
Patrus clashes swords with him still but he gets down and slices across the god’s thigh and up their back.
Or maybe there is one thing – the way he’d snapped at Dean after asking him about how he wanted to dance. He didn’t mean to get angry but Dean had caught him off guard and he had panicked. The only thing he’d gotten wrong was that he didn’t want to dance with just
And nothing is different. Castiel’s lips are as soft as they always are and he presses into Dean like he always did, his hands smoothing up Dean’s chest but this time Dean can feel the difference. Because this isn’t a part of some stupid bet.
“No, Cas, it’s not about you.” Except it is. Everything is about Castiel. He can barely go one second without thinking of him. “It…it was about my father,” he says, because it’s the only thing that might make sense – that might be believeable.
Castiel nods, standing up after him but doesn’t say anything. Dean walks back to camp, feeling a little dishevelled himself now but when he glances over to Castiel, the man’s looking out toward the camp and there’s the tiniest of smiles on his face.
It’s been nice. He still feels that guilt sitting in his stomach about what happened to Castiel. If only he could do something about it. But he’s useless. And helping Castiel leave this place was the only thing he could think of, even though it hurt him even to suggest it.
“I want to, Dean.” He grits his teeth hard, focusing on his breathing. “I want you,” he says, eyes steady.
“You’re a coward! A fucking traitor!” he shouts, hitting him again and again. “To me. To them!” And his voice wavers ever so slightly as Michael’s eyes blink open and meet his own. And he knows who he means. He can see it in his eyes. The faces of their mother and father. See it along with the tears that form and slip from the corners of his brother’s eyes as he looks at him, quiet and bloody. And it’s only when his own vision begins to blur that he realises he has tears of his own.
“Just as I had begun to write it down, I heard the doors to my chamber opening. I quickly hid the journal back in its place before I stood to face Ferrant entering. He closed the door behind him and faced me head on.” She lets her eyes slip shut for just an instant.
Dean glances up just in time to watch Castiel bite his lip, eyes falling to the curve of his mouth and because his body’s a goddamn traitor, a blush stains his cheeks and yeah, maybe he’s a massive dick but what would it feel like to kiss those lips?
“Hey,” he says and Castiel looks up, pausing a moment as though he’s taking Dean in before that amused smile pulls at his lips.
Suddenly, his father turns, leaving without a word. At that, the rest of the guards seem to disperse and Dean’s left not knowing what he should do.
“I don’t know, Charlie. I haven’t known him for that long. And he keeps everything so tightly under his skin that I can’t seem to get much out of him.” Dean hesitates for a second. “He’s been through a lot. He’s suffered a lot. That’s all I know.”
The sightings used to give him hope. When he was young and naïve – that perhaps it meant they could find his mother – that she was still alive out there.
Castiel glances towards the door once more but he can’t see any movement from under it. He curses inwardly before following after, carefully locking Dean’s door behind him.
“Gods, when will you learn to knock?” Dean says, pulling his undershirt over his head and buckling up his belt. He doesn’t seem in the slightest fazed by being seen half-naked in front of Castiel – only that he stormed in.
Castiel’s lip trembles as he thrashes wildly in Michael’s hold. “Don’t you touch me!” he screams, tears stinging his eyes and all he can see is Dean lying alone and he can’t be alone – he can’t leave him there alone--
And Castiel pulls her close so she doesn’t see the ache in his eyes – the ache in his heart. To think that all that time Kyra was out there, keeping her faith that he would fulfil his destiny and he had almost taken that knife to his skin and destroyed it completely.
Dean huffs. "Yeah, and no offense but 10 Things I Hate About You is a freakin' classic and 27 Dresses doesn't even compare." Some of the girls around him laugh while others agree. Castiel raises one eyebrow with small smile at the corner of his lips. Dean swallows. "Not that I've, you know, seen either of them," he mumbles, relieved when Castiel looks away.
There are only four guards in the room, flanking his father, but with one hand raised by their king, they swiftly leave. Dean’s gut twists. Something’s wrong. He would never have his guards leave him.
Castiel lets out a shuddering breath. He listens to the sound of boots on the floors outside their chambers as he waits for Dean’s next question.
Nicolaus pulls Sam closer against his chest and despite how Sam shakes, it’s clear Nicolaus isn’t steady either.
He keeps Michael’s promise. He remembers who he was before Patrus poisoned his heart and almost every day he stumbles across new memories of his brother that he had once locked away, too pained to know them. Now, they comfort him, knowing his brother was there all along.
They trot further east, Castiel following close to Dean as the arrive at the denser part of the forest. Throwing a look over his shoulder, Castiel can barely see out to the hills. But Dean seems to know exactly where he’s going so Castiel doesn’t question it.
Dean’s chest rises and falls heavily as he finally breathes for the first time in an entire week. Tears stream down his face and he sobs loudly and the guilt – the
And doesn’t know why there is something stilted between them still. And he doesn’t know how to fix it or whether Castiel even feels the same. But it’s as though there is something unsaid, held on the tip of an exhaled breath and Dean wishes he knew what it was.
Reyne is on edge more than ever as he walks through the halls. The young prince is beside him. There are no lines on his face, although he looks tired and weary but his back is straight, chin raised. Reyne is impressed. For he can see how much he is aching. Or perhaps, he cannot. He never had a sibling. He would not know of that bond.
Seb grunts. “Probably because he sucks the professor’s dick.” Cillian chokes on his drink as Brady lets out an obnoxiously loud laugh. Dean huffs a laugh before actually kicking Seb under the table.
“Please, Cas. Don’t you know who’s room this is?” Dean’s eyes lift to him then, gleaming with tears. His chest pulls tight.
Emery grimaces. "That would appear best. And after, I'll send word on when it is safe to leave the city. And if you would like to rest, my mother and father would gladly take you in. The live in a small village, a manor on a farm, only a few days walk from where you will be heading," he says, careful of his last words. "They have plenty of room and it's far away from any prying humans."
“Please, father. Just let me have a word with him alone.” Seconds pass with no response, only the king and Castiel standing eye to eye as Dean watches on anxiously, waiting for something – anything. Finally, however, the king relents, stepping back and waving a dismissive hand in his direction.
“I know,” he says, and his voice is surprisingly unsteady. “I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you. I was, I was just afraid that you would turn your back on me.”
Light from their torch most likely could still be seen if someone was to come around the back of the stables so Dean wastes no time in picking Castiel back up and ordering Sam to go ahead. They follow it along, boots drenched in the sewerage, Dean supressing the urge to gag as he goes. It’s the fear that fills his entire being, however, that he’s unable to supress. No matter how hard he tries. At least it keeps him moving.
His father’s eyes finally fall away. The silence is heavy before he finally speaks, “I would not have hurt your brother.” When his eyes return to Dean’s, they hold shame – but not shame of his own. Shame of Dean. “But you must think low of me to think I would have actually done so to merely out a sinner.”
“No.” They both turn to find Reyne trailing along with Nyree towards them. “I believe it might be much worse than that.” Reyne nods to them both before continuing, voice cold. “When we took the castle, the soldiers that surrendered here were outnumbered quite significantly. But as we learned, quite a number of soldiers had fled after hearing the king had fallen and the battle was lost.”
“Captain Naydou!” Castiel pulls back from his strike, allowing his sword to flop to his side as an angel strides in their direction.
The relief is instant, Dean’s shoulders melting, his head hanging but he doesn’t say anything else. Castiel takes a tentative step forward and when he’s still met with no response, he softly pads his way around the desk until he can see the tears still present in Dean’s eyes.
"Why would I? I got it clear alright, what with all the fun you were having and with all the calls and texts you were sending your fucking boyfriend."
“Do you remember me?” he asks, and his eyes still stubbornly don’t meet his own. “From when we were younger?”
Cillian stands before him, eyes giving his ruffled appearance a once over and if eyes could frown that’s certainly what they’d be doing right now.
The only thing he can do now is close his eyes and pray. To Leuric and Patrus – to whoever may be listening – but his lips can’t find words. He’s brought this on himself.
He squeezes his eyes shut. And when he opens them once more he turns to the body beside him and watches as Castiel’s chest rises and falls, his lips pursed, brows creased. He reaches out and smooths the crease out with his thumb, observes as Castiel’s face relaxes and wishes he could reach out and smooth away his dread the same.
," Castiel almost shouts, feeling kind of shitty now for not seeing this earlier. What with Dean asking him if he thought he was attractive, the whole Dean lying his head in his lap like they were some kind of swoon worthy couple, asking him outright if he wanted to kiss Dean - how did he not see this - and now of course, Dean not liking any of the guys on Castiel's Grindr. It's all so clear now. "I just, I didn't know," he says helplessly.
And his heart pounds in his chest, faster than it ever has and all he wants is to breathe, all he wants is this pressure gone, as though he’s going to burst, all he wants is land and when he opens his mouth to scream--
Dean texts him more times than he can count but Castiel never responds. He’s surprised he hasn’t just blocked Dean’s number. Maybe that means something.
“Are they bothering you?” Dean asks, and Castiel’s eyes narrow before he understands whom he is talking about.
Sam moves back to his old rooms, the angel Xandria appointed by Reyne as his new guard, just in time for Elaria and Adri to arrive to move in opposite them. He hopes her presence will help Castiel and it does for a while. Distracts him as he gets to know his best friend’s son.
“Would there be any chance that you could get him on shift to serve dinner in the dungeons tonight?”
He waits another ten minutes or so and decides that perhaps he should search the king’s chambers first and then come back towards the end of the meeting where he might have better luck overhearing anything. For if he waits too long, he might not get the chance to search his father’s chambers.
Castiel falters, blinks, lips parting. He stands there a moment, not knowing anything at all. Then it hits him all at once and he feels it like a knife to his chest, piercing straight through him.
It peeks Castiel’s interest even if there is seemingly no way of finding out. That doesn’t dissuade him, however, and he keeps his eyes and ears ready.
The door clicks softly shut behind him and he releases a heavy breath, body relaxing at the thought he's at least made it this far. He faces his mother's chambers, eerily quiet and dim as ever. The dust hangs in the air, the only light coming in from the sealed shut window. He wastes no time in striding towards the bed and getting down on his knees to dig for the loose plank.
Castiel’s mouth hangs open, short breaths punching out of him and Dean groans, almost certain he could come at the mere sight alone. He drops his head to find Castiel’s neck, lips greeting the skin beneath his jaw as he pulls Castiel’s leg up high over his waist, and rocks down into him.
And because he can’t help himself, “Did the gods conspire to create a soul so beautiful?” Dean’s smile is accompanied with a blush, his eyes falling to the floor before finding his gaze again.
Castiel’s heart thunders inside of him as a thousand thoughts flash through his mind. Dean has just outed him in front of everyone – in front of King Winchester of Torrin. Dean has betrayed him. Did Dean turn on him after he revealed he was an angel? Was it all fake? It can’t have been. Dean wouldn’t have made – made
He wishes he could tell him the truth. That he's alive. That both the princes are alive. It's hard to bear it. The dark bags under Dimarus' eyes only grow darker with each passing day. But other than keeping close by for when he needs to let the calm and confident façade of a Captain of the Guard, that more so now than ever needs his men in line, fall, there is not much he can do.
Two Yeojin folk step into the room – a man and a woman. Their skin is brown, hair a matching shade of dark. They both look concerned as three large men bustle inside behind Elaria.
He feels a different pair of eyes on him now and turns to see Sam glaring at him. His brother raises his eyebrows, jabbing a finger in Castiel’s direction, clearly as confused as Dean felt not too long ago because Sam’s the only one Dean ever told the truth to. That he realised he had a slight crush and Castiel up and left and broke his heart. To put it simply.
The other guards chuckle behind him. “Well, see you tomorrow.” They leave, heading off to where they had come from, pleased smiles splashed across their faces.
cold today. Castiel’s wading in beside him and must see the grimace on his face for he says, “Getting cold feet?” And his eyes are tinted with amusement, smile small but there and it’s the most irritating thing Dean’s ever seen in his life because his stomach is flipping over like a ten-year-old at the sight of it and there’s nothing he can do to stop it.
Nyree looks stressed, bags under her eyes. “Every searching group has arrived back and none have found any evidence of Castiel. It’s as though he has disappeared completely. There are no signs of footprints, of disturbance in the forest.”
But only the sound of dark laughter is what has him opening his eyes. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed but your guard hasn’t exactly been a favourite of mine. And I want to see the look on his face when you betray him.” Dean’s chest starts to heave.
Michael is beside him in an instant, part of his sleeve ripped off. He ties it tightly around Dean’s leg, watching as the soldier’s approach down the corridor, running for them now. “We need to keep moving. Dean, now!”
“But you only just discovered that. How can you lay your life down for them just like that?” And he knows Catharlo is probably wondering why he is arguing against it. For wouldn’t he want Catharlo to fight for the angels?
Castiel's eyes go wide. Shit. The whole class is staring at him now. He doesn't even need to look up to know that that's what's happening. And if that is what's happening, then it also means that Dean Winchester is staring at him. He has to get out of this.
Dean frowns. “I don’t know, man. You just seemed pretty out of it. Must of been a damn good dream.” he says, before smirking and looking back towards the front of the class.
Brady and Seb are sitting at the same table where this all began, impatiently waiting for them to arrive. Cillian is unsurprisingly absent - after Dean told them about how he would reveal all to Castiel he decided he wanted no part in it even if the guy in question is some ‘cold hearted cheater’.
He pauses for a moment, shame taking his thoughts when he finally speaks of how he came to meet her, alive and well. And how happy he was.
Castiel wakes before dawn and finds himself rising and leaving the castle quietly, his own two feet carrying him all the way to the empty fields to the east where he sits, waiting for the sun to rise over the forest before him.
“Oh...ah, sorry...I’m not really good at...tying ties.” Castiel finishes lamely. He cringes internally and looks away to hide his embarrassment. It’s barely been two minutes and he’s already mumbling like an idiot. It’s going to be a long night.
Castiel is up to his feet in a second and Dean slowly after him. He’s not sure how he feels about what Castiel has told him. He doesn’t need to be as good as him. But he won’t give this up because he has ‘other things to work towards’. He already knows his father doesn’t even want him to take the throne. If he could choose, he would pick Sam over him any day. There’s a reason he hasn’t been married off to some nice noble lady.
He doesn’t resist. He hangs his head and now does he pray. Pray that this stupid, broken part of him hasn’t ruined everything.
Strong arms wrap around him, hugging him to Dean’s chest and Castiel sobs even louder, hands clawing at Dean as he tucks his face into the crook of his neck.
He watches, awed and terrified as the last sliver of darkness leaves Mary and shoots off into the trees as before him the rest of Mary’s remains fall through his fingers to the ground.
Castiel’s slightly perplexed when he opens the front door to his new cabin to see Dean standing there, merely a few minutes after he’d left him with his brother.
The forest is peaceful today, damp and cool with rain from overnight and only snow here and there that hasn’t yet melted.
And shouldn’t that be all? Shouldn’t that be enough for him to face? Isn’t that what he’s been training for his entire life?
Dean hesitates a moment but decides this woman knows enough about everything that she is either an angel or an ally of them.
With the most courage he’s ever had, Castiel leans forward, softly grabs either side of Dean’s face and plants his lips on Dean’s own.
Castiel twists, glimpsing the portal before him and his heart spikes. And he squeezes his eyes shut, and pulls and pulls and feels the power of the halo flowing through him, trying to release himself but nothing’s working, nothing’s happening and all he can think is this is it. This is the end and he knows his entire life should flash before him but all he can think of are green eyes and that beautiful smile and freckles that match the stars--
They are all seemingly from Torrin. At least, from what he can tell. He wonders what that means. Is the in between spread at all over the world and where you die, is exactly where you end up on the map?
The room is quiet when she’s done and Castiel glances to Dean beside him, only to find him frowning.
He shakes his head, thoughts running wild because that can’t be true, that can’t be right and there’s fear inside of him, panic and so many things rising, rising but he can’t feel it and--
“Oh, of course. Charlie, this is Castiel, my new personal guard. Castiel, this is Charlie Bradbury. An old friend.” Charlie nods and Castiel does the same, his face bright.
And he so hopes that the hammering of his heart can’t be felt where it’s pressed against his father’s chest. A moment later, thankfully, his father is pulling away, two firm hands on his shoulders keeping him at arm’s length.
He panics, ruffling through the new clothes that Alissande left on the end of his bed. He has three pairs of everything, even three pairs of boots. As fast as he can without causing any unnecessary pain, he pulls on his new outfit.
“No. It doesn’t matter if you left your chambers disordered, the king or worse – the demon – will see right through it. If they didn’t know about our relationship then perhaps they would have believed in your ruse. But they do.”
But before he knows it, Castiel’s pushing himself up from the bed, closing the lid of his laptop and Dean looks down at his watch only to realise it’s already been an hour.
Castiel looks back down to the guard waiting by the carriage. He's on the other side of it now, looking in the opposite direction. Castiel takes a few steps backward, up the slanted roof and with a few steps forward, launches himself across the alleyway. He lands quietly, bending his knees to cushion the fall. The roof is flat, thankfully and as he looks to his right, so is the next.
When he meets Castiel’s gaze, however, blue eyes fall away but he doesn’t move to slam the door in his face and Dean takes it as something.
“Hey, did you know,” Castiel says, panicking now, wanting to keep him here just a little longer, “did you know we’re the descendants of the God of Light themselves? Leuric became mortal to start all of this. Leuric
And as they are leaving, he spots another speck of blood on Michael’s collar and yet there are no wounds in sight.
There's a moment of silence, in which Castiel's trying to find something else to say, before Dean speaks again.
Castiel’s not sure how long they wait. All he knows is that his throat is becoming dryer by the second until the guard returns with a cup and Castiel suddenly doesn’t care whether the water is murky or clear. As the guard touches it to his lips, he drinks and drinks and drinks until he’s downed it all. He splutters some more, coughing up some water he drank too quickly but the relief is immense.
“Fucking prick,” Castiel mutters under his breath, but other than that doesn’t say anything else. So, Dean takes it as a yes and guides him to the impala where he helps him into the passenger seat where gratefully his nose has stopped bleeding.
"I could only see the slaughtering of my people around me. There were knights everywhere. The only thing I could do was I hide. So, I did, hiding in between the fallen bodies of angels. It appeared to work for a time. I'm not sure how long I lay there for. But I was paralyzed. Terrified to even move lest I be seen."
Dean runs his thumb over the small cut, eyes observing the blue ones in front of him as they stare pointedly at his chest. He only needs a small sign, something to reassure what he already hopes.
Castiel’s room is the first door on the left, he observes as he follows him inside, Castiel shutting the door behind him as he takes in the spacious room.
He flinches away but this time Dean’s too quick, grabbing his wrist and holding it tightly. Castiel’s chest tightens and he panics, eyes wild.
And Castiel wishes it were true. It would still be complicated, god, would it be complicated. But it wouldn’t be this complicated. Castiel finds his throat closing up just thinking about it. Thinking about how one day he’s going to have to leave this castle. And if he ever comes back – it will be to go to war.
"Of course. My mother and father have been loyal to the angels from the beginning and my father used his connections to get me into the castle for when Castiel arrived. I still had to train for years but anyone else would have taken years longer and the mission couldn't wait..." Emery trails off, wondering if he's said too much but Charlie shoots him a reassuring look.
Reyne chuckles lowly to himself. “Even this morning when he asked if you two could train out here with the rest of us, he mistook me for a woman and when I countered, he did not respond as many simple minds would. In fact, he was rather embarrassed.”
“C’mon, why don’t you liven up a bit there, chief.” Benny says, handing his own beer over to Dean. Dean gladly takes it and he’s just about to take a sip when he notices that Cas isn’t on the dance floor anymore. Neither are the girls.
“No,” Catharlo says, “I don’t.” Emery finally lifts his gaze and holds his eyes, shimmering and bright. “But I always swore I’d fight to protect my people, didn’t I?”
They enjoy the game, although they don’t spend much time actually watching it, Dean mostly needling Castiel for any information about him. He mostly gets to know random facts but nothing that ever touches on his reputation and his past.
He hesitates, not sure how to proceed. He supposes the only way he can is with the truth. “No one else. Only me.” But Dean only huffs a forced laugh and shakes his head.
“Do you want me to help you or not?” Castiel says, restraining the urge to let his anger seep through. Dean pinches his nose, eyes falling closed. He carelessly throws his arms out and Castiel knows it’s the best he’s going to get.
Castiel weighs his words carefully. Dean has already told everyone of his ways. Why would he lie about that? And perhaps if he admits to one thing, it will be less likely that he is the other.
"So, we've made a bet." The guard presses the iron rod across his ribs. Castiel lets out a harsh sound through his gritted teeth, toes curling in his boots. The guard presses it harder into his skin. His eyes flash with that familiar darkness. "Who can break you first."
Mervyn chuckles and Sam scoffs. “Not too much today. Although there is still half of it to go.” A cheeky smile crosses Sam’s face and Dean grins, eyes bright as he looks down at his younger brother.
Training is all going smoothly when out of the blue Michael pipes up with, “Winchester, stop looking at the coach’s ass.”
Dean grits his teeth, looking away. Sam stands beside him, chatting away quietly to Mervyn. One of his feet taps restlessly on the floor. He must be nervous. Dean doesn’t blame him. Sam turns towards him, a smile on his face – clearly not conveying what he feels inside – and his eyes ever so subtely flick towards Castiel beside him before he glances away.
His chest aches at how little he seems to care but there is the slightest sense of relief knowing that his father didn’t wish for something to happen to him. Only wanted Castiel away from him.
Michael’s sword clashes with his own hard, jarring his wrist but he rolls off the blow and strikes again – again and again – violent and quick – slashing and striking and gritting his teeth all the while as he wishes to see Michael hard and flat on the ground but Michael barely strikes back, parrying every blow easily and it’s only when in frustration Castiel glances up to find the disappointment in Michael’s eyes that he understands--
Castiel shakes his head. “And you call yourself a film and television connoisseur,” he mutters followed by a self-satisfied chuckle after Dean elbows him in the side. After a few moments of shuffling around, Castiel sets the laptop at the end of the bed, hitting play before he’s snuggling back down into the pillow and Dean’s stomach does a little flip when their shoulders are back to touching, if anything, Castiel curled slightly towards him.
Castiel is inside his guard before he blinks, his fits connecting with his brother’s jaw, sending him tumbling backwards onto the ground before he can realise what has happened.
“Loner too. Doesn’t have any friends,” he says, frowning down at his notebook. It’s not like Castiel seems to care – about anything for that matter – but it can’t feel too great not having any--
His entire body clenches in pain as he strains himself to hold Patrus. To keep pulling the blackness from him. A blackness so deep, all light gets devoured.
The students are called over and set off for the warm up with Samandriel leading the charge tonight when of course, Dean lingers.
Dean scoffs. “One day won’t hurt me.” Castiel’s hands are firmly placed on the handles of his swords. Ever since he had them returned, he has barely let go of them – as if they make him feel at ease.
Dean nods and they quickly switch positions. They start slow, Dean going through the motions to get used to it and then after he’s done that they do it properly. The first time, Castiel swiftly pulls out of his grasp. Dean gapes as Castiel raises his eyebrows innocently.
Dean sighs, finally meeting Castiel’s eyes across the table. Castiel holds them and after a moment or so, he nods, merely a slight tilt of his chin.
“This means everything.” A small smile pulls at Castiel’s lips, chest touched with warmth at seeing him filled with such happiness.
“Why do you think I’m here? I’m here for answers. Don’t you think I’ve waited long enough?” Dean says, throwing his arms out wide. Castiel finally glances back up only to see Dean’s jaw clenched tight and his eyes hard and desperate.
Castiel casts his eyes down to the water, appearing oddly defeated. “Like I’ve told you, I was sick when I was born. My wings were broken. My family took great care of me. But it was…difficult. My family had been speaking to the leaders of Iowan. They thought I was the one that the prophecy spoke of. I didn’t really understand it at the time. But when I was of ten years, I was dying. So, when they said they could cure me, that I was the one to wield the powers, I…I thought I had been blessed. We all did.” His voice is hollow but Dean can hear the grief inside.
And to top it all off, Dean starts to do a handstand push up, accompanied with a hard grimace and an exaggerated groan which is enough to have Castiel covering his mouth to hide the laugh that threatens to spill.
“And this man barely worked up a sweat to take on those men in the ring. And, in truth, Nicolaus wasn’t exactly the greatest conversationalist.”
Dean blinks, the memory rushing back to him. Of clutching her journal tight in his hands, eyes skimming the words--
The ring. The halo. He grabs for it, pulling Dean back close to him, who’s face is twisted in pain now.
He looks down to see the boy’s eyes twinkling. In a minute Dean is back in the parking lot, racing across to the boy. He comes to a halt only inches from the other boy’s face.
His room, however, looks as though it was thrown together at the last minute. A large storage closet with only one exit, one window and an air vent – neither of which Castiel could possibly fit through.
Mary’s own eyes are strange, searching for something in Castiel – perhaps agreement – before she shakes her head.
“Michael. This is not on you. Nor anyone,” she says, eyes flicking to Castiel. “But we cannot look back now and wonder what we should have done. All we can do is look to the future.”
“Here?” The captain nods and Dean closes his eyes for a second before nodding himself. “You promise to back me up on this?” he asks, standing to face the double doors.
To have all of that stipped away. In such a short time. His family gone. His friends gone. His home gone.
Dean nods to the general who has spoken and finally the meeting is over. He doesn’t stay behind this time, heading straight for the throne room. Light steps following him alert him to Castiel’s presence whom he’d nearly outright forgotten about. Somehow though, his presence is soothing. That is until he reaches the doors of the throne room.
And just like that, everything rushes back to him. Every memory of when they first met at fifteen. Every memory of how they were each other’s closest friend, practically attached at the hip. And every memory from when in that last year of high school, Dean finally understood that maybe he didn’t want to be just friends anymore.
“It was sweet, really. He tried so hard to resist. To protect you from himself. But I needed him to do something for me. So, he did. And you should see the anguish inside of him. The fight within himself. And the greatest thing of all is he doesn’t even know that his heart’s been poisoned.”
“I told them I was. They told me everything. And it pains me to say but I did not believe them. But I cared for them. So, I told them I did. I pretended. And I said nothing to anyone about it. Not Ferrant. Not John. No one. And then one day I received a letter. That I must come to them. That I am invited to witness a holy ceremony. That I would regret to miss it.”
Castiel himself is flushed, eyes now avoiding Dean’s. He bids a quick farewell before entering his own chambers. And when Dean finally lays down on his empty bed, it doesn’t feel so cold anymore.
"I like you too," Castiel responds, his voice softer now. Dean smiles, nodding and Castiel notices how close they're sitting.
“Wait? You did that?” Castiel nods. Dean’s eyes light up. “Shit, Cas, you gotta teach me how to do that.”
Dean nods, leaning back in his chair. "Okay." One of his hands appears on the table, fingers brushing against Castiel's own. "Okay," he says again, eyes sincere and Castiel feels the smallest sense of relief. "What's going to happen when we get there? To the angels?"
“It’s Your Highness,” Dean cuts him off and Castiel blinks, realising his mistake. Luckily no one around them seems to be paying attention.
The meeting mostly discusses the festival coming up soon. A festival celebrating the anniversary of when the angels were wiped out. Castiel’s interested to hear what they have to say until he gathers that all they’re really talking about is the schedule and set up – nothing about the actual history of the festival.
He finds many books on angels during his hour wandering the library. None of which, however, speak of them kindly. Some speak of the Fall – when hundreds and hundreds of years ago the angels fell to the earth – and what
Dean turns to see Sam walking across, still a small limp in his left leg from where his knee is bruised, a few bowls stacked in his hand.
The silence between them for the first time this trip is not awkward and Dean doesn’t feel the need to find anything to say. He’s comfortable with how it is.
“That fucking… You know, he was my guard for a few days until he left for Kalapell and came back with you.”
me?” he asks, voice hard with accusation and Castiel has to take a moment to even realise what he’s talking about. But when he does, his heart sinks. And now it’s his turn to let out a strangled laugh.
Castiel's eyes widen in disbelief and he pushes himself up again. "I was fifteen minutes late, thank you. And I've never been fifteen minutes late. You're corrupting me." Dean pushes himself up until he's sitting next to Castiel.
Castiel feels his cheeks colouring immediately as he takes him in – with his dark Henley that appears to hug all the right places, and the bracelets on his wrists and ring on one of his fingers that’s currently wrapped around a beer and of course
But his thoughts don’t get any further, Eve voicing them aloud for him. “Dean! It’s so good to see you,” she says as she pulls him into a quick hug before stepping back and threading an arm through Castiel’s, “This is my boyfriend, Cas.”
Tears finally spill onto Castiel’s cheeks as he lets his wings disappear. “Dean, I didn’t--” But he’s already up on his feet, eyes harder than he’s ever seen them as he sprints across the room towards him.
Castiel doesn't look to see the two brothers’ reactions. He doesn't want to make them feel guilty for something that their father did in the past - something they weren't a part of.
The door creaks, opening and the young prince steps inside. Reyne’s heart sinks to the bottom of his stomach.
Their morning training is cut short when Dimarus sends someone for him. It’s only then when he remembers that he’s supposed to be reporting to Dimarus at the end of each day about Castiel and yet, the last two days he has completely forgotten and his friend must have been too busy to call for him yesterday.
“So, are you not uncomfortable with me kissing you anymore?” Cas asks, his deep, gravelly voice like music to Dean’s ears.
He mainly sleeps or just lies awake in bed but when he does get up, it’s strange seeing him with wings protruding from his back as he walks around. He’s had to get all of his old clothes remade so they can be done up around his wings.
The drive to Castiel’s house is mostly silent, not including the sound of Led Zeppelin blaring throughout the impala. When they pull up though, Castiel is about to say his usual goodbye when Dean speaks up.
Castiel can’t even take triumph in the mortified look on Lady Alia’s face as she stutters out far too many apologies before hurrying off into the crowd.
“Alright,” Dean agrees before they fall into a gentle silence. Dean stares at the pavement, palms a little sweaty where they hang awkwardly at his sides and he wants to say something more, something that actually means something but he’s not sure he could handle Castiel laughing at him or thinking whatever he says is stupid.
“I wouldn’t know. I only know as much as my mother and father told me.” Dean frowns, disappointed. He looks to the stars again, eyes tracing the hands that clutch at each other.
He’s so focused on placing one foot in front of the other that he doesn’t see the woman walking over to them. He recognises her from the ball the other night – the lady Dean had taken out into the gardens.
Orella gets to them first, her face bright with her hair braided down her back, eyes clear in the dark.
He huffs. And of all places, it’s here that he seems to find himself in the best company – meaning a few more men he can bear. A few he might call friends. Perhaps in another life.
Dean clears his throat. “So, you and Castiel knew each other…” he starts, trailing off, feeling stupid.
Dean holds her gaze, this moment a moment he feels he’s been waiting for his entire life. What really happened that night, all those years ago? The night that all fell apart, the night that had him sweating through his bed sheets from nightmares in the years to come, the night that he was blamed for--
He assumes Dean’s thinking about him lending a hand. He hadn’t really thought about it. He’d just done it. And then he couldn’t pull it away. He couldn’t falter. Couldn’t stumble. Couldn’t show his weakness. But he already knows by now that Dean
“For twenty-one years passed,” Dean says, beside him. Castiel looks back to him, eyes wide, heart filling with warmth.
Dean slides a few plates of different things across to him before helping himself but Castiel isn't hungry. Sam and Dean eat, thankfully, not speaking up until Sam asks quietly, "Why are we staying so long?"
Dean nods again, throat bobbing. "Yeah," he whispers, voice raspy. "Just..." Another shuddering breath leaves him as he shuffles slightly forward until they're nearly touching. He rests a hand on Castiel's hip, thumb sweeping beneath his shirt as he finally lifts his head, their lips close. "Want you."
Castiel’s eyes flutter closed, breath catching in his throat as he clutches tighter at Dean’s uniform.
, Emery stops what he’s doing and turns his curious, brown eyes on him. His big, starry, brown eyes. Catharlo swallows, willing his eyes not to stray.
Castiel keeps his distance after that but Dean can feel his eyes on him every once in a while, and the pink on Castiel’s cheeks is always evident when Dean glances over. And it’s torment.
The three pairs along with Castiel slowly enter the forest going in slightly different directions. Another scream erupts from deeper in the forest where one of the pairs of guards were headed. Castiel holds his swords tight in two hands, the darkness enveloping him as he wanders deeper into the woods. He pauses for a moment, straining his ears and eyes to make sure he is completely out of sight.
It’s only when he’s fumbling for the keys beside Castiel in the driver’s seat that he notices the slight tremor in his own hands. Thankfully, Castiel’s not paying him any attention, head turned to look out the window.
All around him partners and families, siblings and children are crying tears of joy as they embrace their loved ones once more.
Dean clears his throat before opening the door. He recognises the face immediately. One of his father’s guards. His stomach drops. “What is it?”
Castiel’s still half turned, eyes on the ground and he doesn’t respond for a moment and he thinks – he hopes – he’s finally gotten to him.
“And I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have believed any of it. I should have given you a chance to speak for yourself. I shouldn’t have even taken the stupid bet in the first place.” He waits for Castiel’s eyes to find his once more and his heart is like a stampede in his chest. “I should have told you how I really felt. That I’ve never felt like this about anyone before. And if you would give me another chance, even if we could just be friends--”
Michael finally lets his hand fall and Castiel begins to stumble away before he pauses, eyes turning back to--
Dean closes his eyes as the onslaught of droplets fall over his eyes before shaking his head out like a wet dog. “Dean!” Castiel jerks away but still ends up being sprayed. Dean laughs, pushing away to float on his back, unabashed by his own nudity.
He wonders how he got here, noticing only now how his thoughts are so far away from his life and problems inside the castle.
Castiel shakes his head, biting his lip to contain a smile. “You’re going to be running on the weekend to make up for this. You know that, right?”
That night after they have eaten, Dean and Castiel find a space to lie far enough away from the others – although Sam still snores close by. Dean’s found that Castiel does sleep. Just not for long. He once awoke in the night, startled out of a dream to find Castiel’s chest rising and falling steadily beside him.
But only if I was going with you, Castiel thinks. He sighs. “Yes, Dean, but I didn’t dream about going to prom alone.” he huffs, because of course Dean wouldn’t understand.
The rain drums upon the foliage above them, slipping through the cracks and splattering the sheets below that they have strung up to sleep beneath.
Castiel turns to look at Dean in the dark, throat closed up, when suddenly there's a click and the door is being opened. Light floods in and Castiel sees Dean's face then. His eyes are sincere, wandering the planes of Castiel’s face as though it will give him an answer.
Dean traversed the servant’s halls and hidden inside nooks along the way whenever anyone passed until he was watching as the last of the generals entered the meeting chamber and the doors were shut behind them.
He runs down past maids and servants, heads all whipping towards him in wonder. He slows around the corner out into the front garden, eyes sweeping the area until he sees them – the horses all saddled up with rucksacks and supplies, the men standing by them almost ready to set out.
Castiel clenches his jaw, hating the fear that creeps into his chest. He lifts his eyes and faces his brother as he speaks. “After we escaped the castle, royal guards were sent to search the entire city. They eventually came upon the inn of one of our spies. The inn we were hiding in. I was readying myself to fight them but just as they came upon us, I… I disappeared. And Dean who was holding onto me at the time, Sam holding onto Dean… Well, they disappeared too. Just as it is with my wings.”
He peruses the bound books, not necessarily looking for anything, more using it as excuse to have a moment alone – Catharlo thankfully allowing him the luxury.
you do?” Dean’s eyes fall and Castiel knows he’s hurt him but it’s the truth. Dean doesn’t hold a lot of power in this castle. And somehow, Castiel thinks that the king would only encourage Nicolaus and his comrades in torturing Castiel rather than punish them for hurting him.
The air is tense with silence, he can feel it all around him – as if the whole world is waiting for him – but his eyes don’t leave Castiel’s. Not as his heart pounds with something fearful. Because why are they waiting for him?
P.S. I've been completely overwhelmed by all the lovely comments (seriously thank you so much!!) and will hopefully be getting around to responding to each and every one of them soon! Much love.
But then, Dean straightens in front of him. “And who are you to speak on such matters?” he spits and Castiel sags a little at having all eyes directed back towards Michael.
After finally reaching the edge of the bay, they scan the docks for anyone milling around or passing by before heading into the waters themselves, cleaning the shit that clings to their boots, Dean holding Castiel up as he stands knee deep in the water. He helps him out after, and they soon find themselves hiding behind a large number of wooden crates, stacked near the edge of the bay, to gather their breath.
“And the two princes were announced to the castle within that they had been sent to a manor a fair way out from the city to rest and deal with the trauma they had both recently experienced. But Joren noted both the king and his guards entering the dungeons the following morning the prince disapp--"
“Ah, finally paying attention now, are you?” Mr Crowley quips, to which Castiel nods shyly, his cheeks heating in embarrassment as he tries to slide further down his chair and sink into the floor.
In the few weeks that have passed since he found the map, he has been ever so carefully gathering information around the castle – noting the guard movements around the upper levels – especially his father’s chambers – and watching for any suspicious activity from his father or his top generals and high ranking guards – the only thing worth any interest that his father has not yet appeared to have had a private meeting involving only his top generals.
His mother lets out a deep breath, almost as if to remind him she is still here, still remarkably alive.
Surprised laughter to his right has him spying Emery standing alongside another bigger guard. They stand up straight, hands behind their back but they smile back at each other, eyes sincere.
.” Castiel’s mouth drops open, shoving Dean away, who’s head is thrown back in laughter. Castiel shakes his head, but there’s an affectionate smile pulling at his lips that he can’t quite shake away. “I’ll make you run extra laps at training.”
Dean’s lips quirk up. “Really?” he says, waggling his eyebrows. Castiel shakes his head at him as he steals a chip from Dean’s plate. “Like what?”
He puts on his best charming smile – which is mostly strained with effort – for Leda when they take their leave, feeling Dean’s gaze piercing through his skull.
The dorm is still thankfully vacant when he finally arrives back and because he doesn’t know what else to do he pulls out his phone and calls Castiel. But he doesn’t pick up. Nor when he calls him the second time or the third time when he finally leaves a message, voice breaking as he says, “Cas, I’m sorry. Please call me back.”
Leda Arderne and her three younger siblings – two Sam’s age and one younger – are already waiting for them when they reach the manor.
“You don’t want to be going up there. Many try but it’s a hard climb, you know,” he says, a little flushed, forehead damp now, “And plenty get lost.”
And he’s not sure if before Castiel there was ever a person that he’s liked working on an assignment with. Although, the raging crush he has may help with the enjoyment just a little. Not that he would ever admit it.
"Alright, girls," Dean calls out, slinging his backpack over his shoulder. "Make sure you have everything you want on the bus out of your bags before you put them under."
The winters are always cold in their kingdom but as a prince, Castiel has the luxury of bearing through most of it surrounded by warmth from large hearths and the finest quality pelts in the lands.
Great. Ten minutes. He takes a deep, relaxing breath and stands, grabbing a nice blue buttoned up shirt – the one that his mother always told him brought out his eyes – and throws it on.
Even when Sam rang over the weekend, it wasn’t enough to make him smile and he had to force himself to sound cheery enough so his little brother wouldn’t question it.
Castiel's jaw ticks and when he turns to face Dean, his eyes are shimmering with tears. "How could I? I couldn't have just waltzed into your room one day and told you that I hate myself and every night I'm up crying for hours for no reason and that I have no idea why you even like me in the first place and I have no idea why I’m even
Tears fall down his cheeks but he doesn’t wipe them away. When he lifts his head, there is anger, greater than anything he has ever known pouring out of him.
Even after it all, it crushes him to see. He’s let his anger get out of control. He’s pushed him too far.
“Hey, guys, you don’t mind if Cas here joins us?” Dean asks as he reaches them, already taking his own seat next to Brady and pulling Castiel down next to him.
"My lady," Dimarus says, appearing beside Emery in the doorway. And then more softly, "Please come in, Leda." Emery quickly understands it's his time to leave. Leda hurries in past him and although he can't quite make out her words, he can hear the quake in her voice now and it's not difficult to comprehend that she must have been a friend of the princes. Most likely Dean, considering she appears close in age.
His words are cut off when Dean grabs Castiel’s uniform with two rough hands and shoves him backwards until his thighs are hitting the table – one hand flying up to grip at Dean’s clothes as the other falls backward onto the table for balance.
His senses are pulled to the south-east, towards the forest line where there seems to be some kind of commotion. He breathes deeply, pulling his focus back.
The boy’s eyes sparkle as he watches Dean juggle the apples and Dean can’t help but find himself lost in them. A few seconds later two apples are rolling around on the cement and the boy is laughing again. Dean picks up the two apples and puts them in a trashcan close by. He takes a bite into the one still in his hand and waves to the boy. The boy waves back.
“Then why didn’t you leave?” Nicolaus says, raising his voice. “We heard. All of us heard about what happened in Narla. They said you weren’t there. You could’ve left. Run away.” Nicolaus steps forward but not close enough for Castiel to reach him. “But you didn’t. Why didn’t you?” Castiel stares him down, not caving.
Dean folds his things neatly in the corner before standing to see Castiel gazing at the bed, shoulders slumped, hands limp by his side.
And Dean would usually reply with one of his own. But right now, all he wants to do is to tell them both to piss off. He doesn’t know why. But seeing Castiel storm off like that doesn’t make him feel so great. And for some strange reason, he really wants to make it right.
“–at dawn and promptly wake you so we can go about our day,” Castiel says. “If anything is ever wrong you will ring a bell and if I’m as quick as I was in the ring then hopefully we’ll never have any problems.” Dean promptly closes his mouth once he realises it’s still hanging open. “I understood the first time. Can I leave now?”
The words rise up in his throat but they stick there and when he opens his mouth it hangs empty. It's too much. Because this is not a burden Dean should bare. He already has to deal with enough.
Mary leans forward slightly over the table and it’s only now that Castiel realises how hard he’s gripping his bowl in front of him.
Castiel coughs, tilting his head forward to spit out whatever is stuck in his throat. A small drop of blood lands on the stones in front of him.
“And the last thing she ever said, weak and dying in her bed, but brighter than ever – ‘Wait until you’ve had a good, long life here, sister, and then come find me in the in between. And when Castiel finally frees all souls and completes his destiny, we will be at peace together for eternity as it always was meant to be.”
Castiel's eyes flutter open to hot breath on his face and wetness on his cheek. He attempts to sit up but finds himself hitting his head on a wooden plank. When he reaches up to touch it, he sees the shackles on his hands. He kicks his legs. Shackles on them too. He blinks his eyes a few times to get used to the light and finally observes his surroundings. A pig stares back at him. A large, dirty pig. It's quite possibly the last thing he expected to see. Castiel cranes his neck to find two more pigs behind that one. No wonder it smells like piss and shit.
Patrus’ voice is weak but guttural. The cuts on them can’t heal now and they’re losing blood. Castiel flicks his eyes towards the fallen god where their back is turned, kneeling over the portal.
“Oh, great because for a second there I thought they’d put you up to it or something just to fuck with me.” Dean waves his hand in the direction of his friends and relief finally fills Castiel. Oh. He huffs a laugh, relieved now himself.
“Would you like to sit in the front or back?” Dean asks, once they’ve safely packed the canoe. Castiel narrows his eyes, thinking for a moment and Dean kind of wishes he didn’t ask because what if Castiel says he wants to sit at the back? He’s not sure how he’ll survive knowing that Castiel could be staring at him the entire time.
She sighs. "William has been friends with me since I was a child. His parents were spies for the angels as well and as he grew up he became one too. His parents feared for their safety being so close to those who slaughtered the angels and they wanted him to come live with them somewhere further away. But he stayed. Because of me. He knew how I felt. About women." She tangles a hand through her hair, a small blush rising on her cheeks. "And after my parents died he knew I needed him then more than ever. And so, he stayed and sometimes he would drop these subtle questions about the angels and my thoughts on them. One day, he must have felt confident enough to confront me about it. It took a while but soon enough I was a spy for the angels. Readying myself for when Castiel came to the castle."
And yet he doesn’t smirk or make some snipe about how he’s taking his time staring. He smiles, slight and sincere.
He learns a lot about Dean’s likes and dislikes too. The most interesting being that he hates sports, although he claims running’s not too bad when the coach is that attractive and if Castiel wasn’t so flustered he would have countered it with bad students aren’t too bad when they’re attractive either.
Dean lays a hand on his arm without thinking. He notices Mary’s eyes tracking the movement, something strange flashing through her eyes before it’s replaced with warmth. Dean’s not even sure when he’ll begin to tell her his own story.
him – as he exits into the street, the sun sinking now, darkness beginning to creep its way into the sky. But all he can hear right now is the rushing in his ears and the doubt in his heart.
Then – a breeze against his skin. Dean opens his eyes and before him a plain stretching for miles, the night dark and starry above him. And in the distance, shadows moving, animals he’s never seen before. He gapes, laughing at the beauty of it.
Nyree waves them forward and Dean and Sam follow. Castiel pauses for a moment, eyeing Dean hesitantly – something strange in his eyes before continuing on.
“You made me fall in l--” Dean cuts off with a sob, his fists ceasing momentarily. “You made me fall for you.” Castiel’s shoulders start to shake as his chest tightens to the point of agony. But isn’t he used to this by now?
“I think that nobleman over there wants to speak with you,” Castiel says, not meeting Dean’s eyes as he points to where a nobleman surely is walking over to them. “I’ll be back in a moment with another drink.” Without anything else, he spins on his heel and walks away, name called once behind him but thankfully Dean doesn’t follow.
“Why are you still here?” Castiel blinks. If Dean didn’t sound so unsure of himself, Castiel would almost take it as an insult. Does he not want him to be here?
“Oh, I did enjoy the time we had together. It’s a shame, really, that this all has to come to an end.”
“They didn’t deserve it? Did I deserve it? Did I deserve to be kidnapped and held at ransom? Be kept captive all my life?” Dean asks, voice raised.
Castiel grinds his teeth. “One of the best. A true natural,” he responds, trying to keep the bitterness out of his voice.
“Once inside the barrier, I can exit out through it however, in case something happens and I need to get out. But to get in,” Castiel says, “those guarding the spell for the barrier need to momentarily take it down for me.”
When they glance over to Castiel, he’s rolling his eyes, but Dean swears he sees something fond lingering there.
Castiel’s eyes immediately flick up to the night sky, face serene and Dean says, a small smile tugging at his lips, “Tell me about the stars.”
“No, no, Leda. Don’t be ridiculous. He just--” Dean pauses, thinking of a way to phrase it without giving away more than he should, “--he’s just not very good with other people.”
After frustratingly not being able to get any strikes in, Dean’s shoulders slump and his arms drop, the sword’s point scraping the grass. Usually, Castiel would take this opening to teach Dean a lesson. Now he just stands, observing the man in front of him. The man he thought he could trust – the man who he let hold him and touch him.
“Alright, four shots.” Dean says, and then he grabs Cas’ face and crushes their lips together. He feels Cas’ breath hitch and fear spikes in Dean’s gut but then Cas relaxes and pushes back, their lips moulding together perfectly. Dean’s never felt so alive. Cas’ lips are so soft in contrast to the rough stubble on his jaw but Dean wouldn’t have it any other way.
He pauses by Castiel, hands loose at his sides before speaking. “I’m sorry. I’ll leave you to rest,” he mutters, before turning and taking a step toward the door. Castiel’s gut twists, panic rising and before he can get far, he reaches out and grabs the sleeve of Dean’s shirt.
“Because I am clearly better than you and therefore it is no disadvantage for me to attack first,” Castiel says, enjoying the hardened look on Dean’s face. Is he really the first person to threaten Dean’s pride?
The king looks at him pitifully. “Well, if we can’t beat the answers out of you, I suppose we will just have to turn to your brother. But don’t worry, we will leave you alone to heal. Unless, of course, you have something to tell me?”
Instead of going straight home after school yesterday, Dean made a detour and wondered into a small shop with all sorts of items. He’d thought for a while before he ended up buying a few things, including a horn. Dean had decided that he wanted to see this boy smile and laugh everyday.
But then, "Right." Dean narrows his eyes at him. Castiel stares back, eyes still wide but face tired and tightened in pain. "Trust me." Sam looks to Dean, incredulous but Dean just nods.
The clearing stretches on for longer than he first thought, crops and farmland to the far left – wooden huts and cabins stretching to the far right before it greets an open empty land. Wells are dotted throughout, small gardens and pens with animals, horses grazing and people – angels – everywhere. Men, women and childen – coming from all different directions – out of the huts, from the farmland – the fields – those that appear to be soldiers – wings large and small, some appearing with none at all, all flocking towards them.
Castiel stays up on the hill. Lying by Michael’s body, wings folded over his brother. He won’t let anyone take his body. Nor take him away from it. He doesn’t speak. So, no one can even ask what happened.
Everyone thinks he’s a bit of a perfectionist, and perhaps he is. But Christmas is his favourite time of the year and if no one else will bring the cheer, he can certainly bring enough for the entire family.
Despite himself, despite it all, his lips quirk up. Because of course he could predict the alleyway – well, at least most of it –  could predict where it would end him, but Dean was the only thing he truly couldn't predict. And, how could he? How could he have known that the crown prince, a boy that grew up with hatred in his heart for the angels, for his kind, would take an interest in him? Would eventually cradle his face in his hands and kiss him in his own very chambers? Would abandon everything he's ever known for him?
“Shut the fuck up, Seb, Jesus,” Dean spits, before pushing himself up from the bench and following after Castiel because despite his current anger at him, he doesn’t want to hear anyone talking about him like that.
With that, he disappears. He jumps away for a moment, moving sporadically around the clearing so Patrus can do nothing but stand by the portal and wait, eyes everywhere.
“Exactly.” Castiel walks over until he’s standing right in front of Dean. Dean looks as though he might take a step back but holds his ground. “Hit me.”
He used to come here sometimes after what happened. The perk of being a small child was that he could slip away easily. Guards and servants would be looking for him for hours – he was always curled up in the corners of her room or down beside the bed.
“I will check it first,” Castiel says. He waits for the spikes to be pulled back up before he disappears and turns the corner.
Rage fills his senses as he sees the man grab another dagger from the stall beside where the pigs stands. Castiel takes off towards the man unable to hear whatever it is Dean is calling out behind him.
When he tries to imagine the grace waiting for him at the end of these tunnels, all he can see is Dean’s face, bright and smiling.
“No, I’m fine. They didn’t--” Castiel cups his cheek anyway, pulses his energy through him to heal anything it can. Dean’s eyes flutter closed for a moment before he huffs a smile, eyes soft and longing.
To save time, the horses are already saddled and ready to go when Dean and Castiel join Sam and Mervyn at the stables. Dean’s own four guards along with four more will also be travelling with them. The Arderne manor is only a few miles away and is rather secure – having their own land outside of the capital given to them by Dean’s father. Today, Dean’s been tasked with the job of making sure everything is arranged for the upcoming festival celebrating the anniversary of the war between the humans and angels in which the humans, of course, came out victorious.
,” Dean splutters, pulling back and Castiel’s already walking away. “Fucking sadist,” Dean calls after him and he swears he hears him laugh. “Yeah, love you too, honey.”
He thrashes and kicks, attempts to push the large trough with his manacle wrists, anything for relief. But the guards hold him secure, never letting him up to breathe until they decide. He doesn’t know how many times he goes under but his lungs feel flayed inside of him and his head throbs so terribly he feels the impending blackness reaching for him now, almost consuming him whole.
– that he was willing to respect before he came out of that crate spewing his vitriol all over him. This has never been about Dean being the prince and Castiel being his mere servant. Why would he think that? Or maybe this is him just being petty about having got caught with those jewels in the first place and taking it out on the closest royal possible.
And his father must for he says, “Oh, look at that. You really did think it was something real, didn’t you, you filthy little thing.” And Dean wants to scream that it’s not true. That it was something. That it
Orella smiles, nodding. "We know. Now you boys rest up. No doing anything for the rest of the day and make sure to take a bath if you want. Might be a while before your next." Orella gestures for the letter in Dean's hand and he passes it over.
Dean almost stands up to intervene, not wanting Brady to hurt him by thinking Castiel was actually going to attack him but Castiel shoves him away, pushing himself to his feet, chest heaving, hands in fists at his sides.
Castiel catches the mouth of the man standing beside the prince lifting up, followed by his gruff voice announcing, “Begin.”
But within the walls of his people and his family, there was never a moment of doubt or fear that he would not be accepted. Not be loved in return.
“Alright.” Castiel grabs the laptop on his desk before climbing into his bed, on top of the covers. He flicks his eyes up from the laptop on his lap. “You coming or what?”
And for the Three and the underworld – for the truth, the humans believed a myth – a story spun and told to give the angel’s a good name.
He only has to deflect once, before he uses his own sword to twist the guard’s and knock it out of his hand. A punch is quickly thrown towards him but he’s quicker in moving his head back, watching as it flies past before he grabs it and twists it harshly, hearing an audible cracking noise.
His eyes find Reyne first, narrowed and hard but then the flick to Sam and his eyes widen, something softening beneath him and he calls Sam’s name, arms reaching out. Beside him, Sam calls back and runs towards him into this grasp.
He didn’t have any nightmares last night – too many thoughts running around his head about everything that’s happened. About the future. About how everything has changed so drastically and how his own plans for the future have crumbled. No, not crumbled. Just pushed further ahead.
His father's guards are far too busy with the nobleman and attending no doubt to Castiel himself so he's merely left to his own devices. He does attend his lesson with Orderic, however, since Castiel not being there is quite the norm –  always wandering around in the shelves until he's finished – so that's what Dean pretends he's doing. He still receives a few glances from guards and servants at the lack of guard when he navigates through the halls but that confident smile always has them nodding back.
Nyree and Michael turn when they enter, some papers held between them as they stand before the map of the camp, Michael’s eyes flicking momentarily towards Dean.
He hears scuffling and cursing coming from his bathing room before, “Can’t you give me some privacy! Go wait out in the hall!” Dean yells, the anger clear but Castiel can sense a hint of panic in his voice too.
They've been in a few times since Dean's lone visit in May. Dean hasn't even asked for any recommendations or bought any more books. Sam seems to be the one after something but Dean always comes over to where he is and asks how he is. It's enough to make Castiel's stomach knot and palms sweat - thankfully covered up by the summer heat.
Castiel’s looking at him like he’s the biggest idiot this side of the equator. “The cut. The bet. That you and your friends made.” Dean’s eyes go wide, mouth falling open to try and find something to say – something comprehensible at least but Castiel only rolls his eyes. “Yes, I heard about your little bet. And you know what? Sounds kinda fun. So, what do you say? Wanna get back at your friends with me?”
The letter, of course, had been addressed to the king but been sent specifically to reach Dimarus. If it had gone straight into the hands of the king, he might have called their bluff and simply let their letter burn, ruining any chance they had at moving forward with their mission.  But Dimarus would never take chance on the prince’s safety and lives and the king would have to kill the Captain to keep word of the letter from spreading – that of which would raise suspicions on its own. Dean was certain it wouldn’t come to that. He wouldn’t risk Dimarus’ life if he had any doubt.
“I’ll fucking kill all of you,” Castiel spits, stepping towards him, a hand gripping the front of his shirt but Dean stands, shoves a hand between them to hold Castiel at length.
Dean swallows. One wrong move and it’s over. All he can hope is that this doesn’t break Castiel. That he doesn’t give in and tell the truth – whatever that may be.
He wakes with a jolt when water is thrown over him and opens his eyes to see one of the prisoners holding a bucket with a crooked smile on his face. It’s only when it starts to burn his eyes and the cut on his cheek that Castiel notices the smell and realises it’s not water.
“Well, thank you for…staying. I suppose I didn’t trust the guards to keep me safe. I mean, you were able to wander off without them noticing. That’s not exactly…” Dean pauses.
But he remembers last night and the way Dean held him when he was panicking. The way he tried to calm him.
With a look over Castiel’s shoulders, he notices the four guards trailing them have broken off to line up and get their own food.
“I will be counting on it,” Charlie says, taking one last glance at Castiel before bowing to Dean and being drawn away into the crowd.
Dean swallows, everything he’d planned to say disappearing on his tongue. His voice is weak when he says, “Because it was a mistake.”
“You alive in there, buddy?” Dean asks, pulling Castiel closer until they’re chest to chest. Castiel blushes furiously at their proximity.
“Don’t go too far in. If you can’t find anything meet back here. Got it?” The five other guards nod, swallowing down their fear.
Dean’s breath hitches. Down in the parking lot, where Dean had stood everyday for the past month, is the blue eyed boy. He looks exactly the same as he always does except Dean notices there are no bandages on his forearms anymore. The boy is smiling at him.
But Brady doesn’t seem too cut up about it, eyes still on Castiel. “Right, so, Dean would be your first boyfriend in a while, huh?” Brady grins and Dean frowns, thoughts suddenly drifting to when
Dean isn’t at training. None of his friends know why either. They claim he never has anything on Wednesday nights. Castiel tells himself he’s off taking his brother to another museum.
“You’re up early, Your Highness. Would you like me to order breakfast for you?” the guard says, as if nothing is out of the ordinary.
The first time. Their first time. He doesn’t want to think of it too long as it only draws his mind to the last. Because there is always that thought at the back of his mind. That he can’t keep this up forever. One day he’ll marry. Despite his father pushing it as far away as possible, it will still come to pass. And what then?
Tears spill then but she doesn’t reach up to brush them away, her hands wanting to hold onto him, wanting to hold onto her carefree past for just a little longer.
He sniffs, wiping his free hand over his face. “He was always so kind when I was younger,” Castiel whispers, voice soft and broken. “But the war changed him and after, he wasn’t so kind.” Dean rests his cheek on Castiel’s shoulder, squeezing his hand. So, he was right. It was his brother. All along.
And he doesn’t speak it. Doesn’t put words to it. To the panic that sits, teasing in his throat, when he thinks for a moment he can’t feel the emotions within him. Doesn’t put words to the panic that sits, teasing in his chest, when he thinks of her – his own mother in the in between watching as he is there one moment and gone the next, not understanding what has happened.
Castiel grabs the ointment and dips his fingers inside. He pauses just before Dean’s stomach, eyes flicking up to meet Dean’s. He can see something flash behind those blue eyes and Dean almost tells him it’s okay – that he’ll do it – but then Castiel’s cold fingers are brushing against the wound, against his bare skin and for some reason, he’s glad he didn’t say anything.
And there he is again. That impulsive, angry boy filled with all the pain of the world. When Dean swings and his fist splinters the wall above him, Castiel tackles Dean backwards driving him up and down onto the small, wooden table.
Dean wanders an aisle of the library, his lesson with Orderic finished not too long ago – the man himself had little to say upon Dean’s return but Dean knew he was happy to see him and his little words meant less about how much he cared and more that he knew Dean did not want to speak of it. Because of it, it is one of the few times during the day that he is surrounded by others where he feels the slightest sense of relief and does not feel that he is being scrutinised for every move he makes.
Castiel sighs. “It’s okay, Dean. It doesn’t matter now. We have to focus on what’s next.” And while Dean agrees he knows that Castiel will continue to blame himself for this – moreso than Dean has. Because this was Castiel’s mission. Despite Dean fucking up, it’s true. He didn’t know about any of this. Castiel knew everything. Castiel could have turned him away, and continued with the mission.
Dean darts one way and swings his blade in the other but it only ends with Dean stumbling to catch his footing as Castiel still stands.
“Do you think if we were to magically disappear that anyone would notice?” Castiel asks, as Dean takes quite the sip of his own wine.
But Castiel had still let him touch him, clean him. And Dean had wanted to reach out. To those scars on his back – now with the added scars from his whipping, although some are much lighter than others. Guilt floods through him. All he did was add more marks to Castiel’s skin. If he hadn’t felt guilty already about hitting him, he had nearly forgotten about the whipping.
“It was my mistake. I misunderstood what--” Castiel doesn’t let him finish. Because he’ll have to speak it eventually.
“He wasn’t corrupted Catharlo. The prince. He’d just… fallen for him. For Castiel.” He holds those soft, round eyes. Wills him to understand. Fear creeps into them but something else. Wonder. “The king found out and had Castiel punished. Dean helped him escape and decided to go with him and take his brother. He feared for all their safety.”
Castiel lets his eyes slip shut and leans his head back against the wall. He feels those gentle fingers grazing his hip this time and opens his eyes to find Dean softly looking back at him.
It's even larger on the inside – or at least, it appears so. Emery's father must have been quite the soldier to garner this kind of reward. There's a large clear space as the enter, a tall staircase winding up to the second floor where Castiel can already see a long hall with multiple closed doors. To their left, Castiel sees the edges of a kitchen and to the right, what appears to be a washing room. They head straight past the stairs, entering through a small set of glass doors to find themselves in a large dining room, water, bread and what smells like cooked beans already set out on the table.
Nyree joins at the head and it leaves the stool across from Castiel empty. Michael takes his time and when Castiel finally looks up his brother stares back at him, those hazel wings tucked behind him. He feels Dean’s knee nudge against his own under the table.
It’s then that he realises this must be Elaria – Castiel’s friend from when he was young that he found in Terrowin and brought back with her nephew.
Once he lands on the wooden floor, he shuts the window and breathlessly runs over to the desk blocking his door and moves it back to where it should be before unlocking it. He swiftly moves across the floor towards the bucket of water next to his bath. His right palm is completely shredded, blood is flowing quickly now and the skin is peeling off. He dunks his hand in the water and closes his eyes to start the healing. He can hear the commotion in the halls, sounds of running and chainmail clanking.
When he turns to Patrus, his mind is clear and he takes those words with him. Uses it for himself. Because his mind is stronger. Stronger than any part of him. For what he’s endured. For perhaps now it might mean he has a chance.
"See ya, Cas," Dean says, quicker and softer than before, just as he turns and walks back down Castiel's short driveway. Castiel stands where he is for a minute - maybe more - his heart beating ever so slightly faster in his chest. Dean just kissed him on the cheek.
The air in the room is stifled. A guard scuffs his boots on the ground and it seems to echo off the walls. There are no shouts and cheers from prisoners beyond the heavy wooden door. Only silence.
“I hope you all had a nice rest and remember while this celebration is in honour of your safe return,” Nyree’s eyes are on Castiel when she speaks, “you can stay for as long or as little as you like.” Dean looks to Castiel but can tell he’s hardly paying attention.
He kicks himself for getting ahead of things and even thinking Castiel would want to voluntarily spend more time with him after this.
“Yes, I did. And you didn’t want to throw a festival for your birthday or even let anyone know so they could toast you at dinner. You deserve something.”
He stands, eyes blurring. He notices Mary slip away behind them but isn’t sure what she is doing. He cannot think, cannot speak.
The guard walking towards the cart, squints his eyes and meets Castiel’s. “Nicolaus!” he shouts, turning on his heel and walking over to the carriage and out of hearing range. The guard that steps down to talk is the one who was the leader. He’s tied a piece of cloth around his wrist and up around his neck to create a makeshift cast. He must be Nicolaus. The guard gestures towards Castiel but Nicolaus interrupts him.
But it's not like that at all. Dean's lips are soft and warm. His fingers curl underneath Castiel's jaw. There's a little flutter inside his chest and the tension in his stomach releases until he's melting into Dean.
Castiel stares the king head on before letting his eyes slip shut in defeat. “I’ll admit it.” He meets the king’s dark eyes once more as he says, “But I am no
The laughs are louder this time. He's so pathetic. What sort of romantic, sappy idiot says that? Galaxies in your eyes? What the hell was he thinking?
“Because you have to pay for it, obviously. And I ain’t paying for it.” he mumbles, rubbing his sweaty palms on his black slacks. Then he makes the mistake of looking into Cas’ stupid, big, blue puppy eyes.
“And on the off chance that there are signs of angels and our entrusted guards are able to find one, they will take it prisoner and haul it back here for questioning as it could have the whereabouts of any others in hiding. As we know many angels have wings small enough to hide under their clothes after generations of mating with humans. But a sighting at the Ellwood Forest could suggest many angels with much larger wings are hidden there – having nowhere else to hide. It is something we must deal with swiftly and quietly. The king will have no issue serving punishments for those who cause chaos in the castle and cities after leaking what we have discussed here.”
Sam smiles, wide and bright. “Alright, that’s enough,” Dean says, shooting a glare towards Sam. “We need to move on but I’ll talk to you later, Sammy.”
A picture of them. It’s a stupid picture. Dean’s got his arm around Castiel’s neck and he’s placing a big, sloppy kiss on Castiel’s cheek as Castiel pulls a face at the camera. He remembers that night. They were at a party and it was only a few weeks before Dean realised maybe what he felt for his best friend wasn’t so platonic. It’s embarrassing to think about how badly he’d wanted to kiss Castiel back then.
But to feel a change, a moment where Castiel trusts him enough to push – to take what he wants – Dean’s throat feels dry. He bites Castiel’s lower lip, drawing a short, rough sound from him before he pulls just enough away to pull the shirt over his head – thankful to the coming summer heat that it’s the only layer he’s been needing.
Dean thinks he’s imagined it for Castiel doesn’t speak again but as he closes the door behind him, he thinks he sees Castiel glance up at him once more.
“I’m so sorry,” Castiel says, face scrunching up in distress after stepping on Leda’s toes. She smiles at his worry.
Moments pass. Nothing happens. And he feels it, the sting behind his eyes, the sting behind his heart. He’s failed. He’s--
