Tony groaned with the sudden movement. His head was spinning and it took him a moment to fight the urge to throw up, likely spewing beer and tequila all over Steve and yup, that wouldn’t do any good.
, was the only thing he could think right then. Tony knew, of course, knew that it had been the Winter Soldier who had done this, that it had been
"You," Tony shot back without even thinking about it. It was the only reasonable answer anyway. Right in this moment, Steve was everything he needed, and everything that mattered to him.
“Just about,” Steve agreed, smiling. Together, they carried Clint inside, and at last, even Tony touched down on the ground, his faceplate opening up.
By now, Steve was sure he was outright gaping. “You were the one who left as soon as we were back home!”
If there was any part of Steve's brain still trying to function responsibly, Tony's words kicked it out of commission for the rest of the evening.
“Why did he never show me?” Steve asked and whenever he closed his eyes, Tony’s red eyes stared back at him. “He showed Bruce, didn’t he?”
“Yeah.” Tony searched his face, and fell silent for a long moment. “Apart from that, it’s an awfully big responsibility. And they do have a point. Now really isn’t a good time. I have a vague feeling that things are about to get much worse than they are now.”
Tony’s jawline twitched. “Rogers,” he said and popped some red and yellow on-ears on his head, effectively killing every try at conversation.
"I don't think a guy who up to a minute ago had my dick in his mouth has much of a right to complain about fair play," Steve countered easily enough, his tone a purr next to Tony's ear. He opened Tony's pants and pushed them to his thighs along with his underwear. All he needed was some room to maneuver, his hand closing firmly around the hardness he found there.
What if, by acting the way he had, he’d turned their blooming whatever-it-was into a friends-with-benefits or a let’s-meet-for-a-quick-fuck kind of thing? That would be the absolute opposite of what he wanted.
He wanted to bury his face in Steve’s chest, wrap himself around his body, and make sure he was whole and healthy, that there was no blood on his skin, no empty, glassed over eyes staring into the distance.
“I know,” Tony said, putting a hand on Rhodey’s head. “I didn’t know either. Not until I came back.”
“No… I suppose you won’t,” Stane mused. In the corner of his eyes, Steve saw him reaching for something. His cane. He saw him twirling the orb again, pulling at it until something silver and sharp came into view.
His brain was too busy reeling in surprise to really catch on a decent thought. The most useful he could come up with was ‘Well, this is embarrassing’. The guys next to Steve had looked up at him at some point, casting him pitiful looks. Tony probably still looked like he’d seen a ghost and he couldn’t find it in him to control his facial expression.
When Steve sat in the plane, staring at the endless ice in front of him, he wished desperately that sleep would take him before death could.
Steve contemplated answering truthfully. He wouldn't lie, exactly, but he didn't think it'd serve either of them if he said that he had been told that before. He hummed noncommittally and leaned in to kiss Tony, a strangled moan pressing between them as Tony touched him and teased him just so. When the condom was set in place, he pulled back, breathing gone heavier than just a moment ago. "Thanks."
“Yeah, not gonna happen,” Clint just said, holding his daughter with one hand while he pointed at Steve. “Say ‘Good night, Cap’.”
Instead of letting him finish, Tony pressed his lips to Steve’s, and in seconds, they were drowning in each other again.
“My pleasure,” Tony replied, and smiled, though of course Steve couldn’t see it. He made JARVIS do a quick scan of Steve’s body and was relieved when it came up clear. No anomalies, at least not yet. “You sure you don’t feel anything funny? Any pain, weird urges?”
It was that glance from Tony that had Steve cringe and lower his gaze, embarrassment making his flush flare up a notch. He wished he could dismiss it and pretend everything was fine, but not only was he not accustomed to lying, he knew Tony would see right through it anyway.
“James!” Natasha yelled, trying to get a grip on his shoes, but Bucky was out of reach in the blink of an eye.
. He blinked, and time slowed down, stretched, until one second seemed to contain the entire universe.
…because it felt a lot like the first domino stone of many had just fallen. And he had no idea if there was a way to keep them all from tumbling to the ground.
Not for the first time, Steve thought that their new nanny was a godsend, and he was about to say yes, and bend Tony right over his work desk, when he remembered why exactly he had come down here. “Can’t,” he murmured and didn’t bother to hide his regret. “Meeting up with Fury in DC. I cancelled our last meeting, can’t exactly say no again. And we
“I think Fury will want to tell you himself,” Coulson told him. “You’ll meet him at the Helicarrier. I’ll bring you.”
“Feels real,” Tony murmured, though he shook his head a second later. “But no… it can’t be. I know for a fact that I’m sleeping in my workshop right now. Tomorrow, I have a board meeting, and I gotta hire a new PA, because my last one was a guy with a bad habit of vomiting on my shoes every time he had to hold a presentation.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupted softly. “You understand that you’re the only one I’m planning to have sex with?”
They weren't fighting anymore, though, so that was good. Steve, even as he had been shouting, felt pretty awful for it. He had just been so upset that Tony would risk himself like this, even though he himself was as willing to do so… Well. They were going to have to find a way to handle this tendency they both seemed to share. He decided against saying anything, letting their contact convey what he felt.
Tony had told him once. How TV and movies had painted a skewed picture of the devil, a horned evil being who loved torturing and deceiving and thrived on the pain it wrought.
Tony’s own self-imposed distance was broken the second Steve had touched him, and on some level, he had known it couldn’t last. A familiar pain was rising in his chest. He couldn’t let go of this, despite how Steve had hurt him. And Tony wasn’t thrilled by how weak that made him, but for the impossible affection of one man, he would sacrifice anything.
The days after Tony had left passed slowly, and soon enough, Steve began to dream of him. For the first night and every night thereafter, there was the same dream—not the sweet and sometimes sensual dreams of before, but a horrible vision of Indries and Tony both lying dead in the ocean.
“Take care of your roast beef,” he said, giving Bruce a small smile. “Then worry about everything else. Steve’s a prof, I’m a student. He’s off limits, got it.”
There was a moment’s hesitation, but Tony nodded all the same, a resolute expression set in his features. “Yeah,” he said. “We’ll take him down.”
Next to him, Bruce was semi-aggressively typing away on the notebook in front of him. Tony didn’t have to look, exactly; he knew via Extremis that he wasn’t having any luck with hijacking the source code. Apparently, he’d been trying to find a loophole in Project Insight’s algorithm for hours now, and Tony himself had been running a tracer since Camp Lehigh… In the end, though, Tony simply had to admit that Zola had done an impressive job, spending decades on decades to make the whole thing practically impenetrable.
“Well, you don’t know better. I’m tired. We wasted three hours and gas getting here. Can we please just go?”
“No, please don’t,” Tony said, running after him when Steve stormed towards the door, trying to follow. “Steve—
Tony smiled and it made Steve’s heart beat a little faster. “It’s yours, you know?” he said. “Everything I own is yours.”
He laid his metal hand onto her bowed head and brushed his fingers through her long red hair. “I understand,” he said.
“You are,” Rhodey insisted and leaned even closer. “Are you… I mean, are you actually into that prof? Tones, he has to be at least ten years older than—”
. All he could do, in that brief span of forever, was stay still and hope that this was all just a bad dream.
When Steve simply looked at him, expression blank, Bruce seemed to finally get the problem. "You don't know who he is."
Still, it might not be enough for what Tony was about to ask of him. Silence settled between them—silence between two people who had no reason to greet each other with anything resembling amiability. Tony didn’t know Bucky Barnes aside from the stories Steve had told him over the last couple of years. He did, however, still remember the tangible pain in his abdomen where Barnes had stabbed him.
“Oh, Jesus Christ,” Tony groaned, shaking his head, as he pulled the suit back into his bones. “I’m too old for this. And. It. Never. Fucking. Ends.”
The revelation led to a series of phone calls questioning Tony’s stability when he’d identified the woman currently lying in the Stark tomb, and soon enough, the whole city—
Steve shrugged, unbothered. “I could always recite the Constitution and look very patriotic. That always worked for me in the 40s.”
“I’m not ashamed—Sophia’s hilarious,” Steve shot back, chuckling a bit when Natasha leaned her head on his shoulder, petting his head lovingly.
Suddenly, Tony moved forward. The canvas cover in his hands sailed to the ground, and before Steve could even think to question what was happening, his cheeks were cupped in Tony’s palms and he was being kissed.
“No sexual harassment in my lab, we had a talk about this,” Bruce fired back, using his ‘this is where my patience ends end you better not anger me’ tone, before he walked away.
“Fine, you can sleep on the couch,” he muttered, as he put Tony’s feet on the couch, then walked to his bedroom to fetch a blanket.
“You ready to go?” Steve called out, as he descended down the stairs a good half hour later. Even if he’d never admit how easily he was indulging Tony’s whimsical requests, he
Steve whirled around to where Stane still stood. He was grinning from ear to ear as his former boss was taken into custody.
Wanda glanced over at her brother, who was looking everywhere but at Steve. He’d let Wanda make this decision for the both of them, that much was clear.
Heaving a low breath, he mentally squared his shoulders. The words never came easy, not to him, but Natasha was always worth it. “I love you,” he said, “even when everything else had been a confusing mess in my head, that was always true.”
“Talk to him,” Steve said, feeling a little out of breath. “Tell him that. I can’t even think of how he feels about this. JARVIS was Tony’s closest friend for so long. I know he doesn’t show it, but you know how he is.”
He scaled the branches with precision, and Steve really hadn’t known that Tony could be agile like this. Sure, in his Iron Man suit he was grace personified, always in motion, always looking somehow… lighter than he did in his own skin.
Steve drew in a sharp breath, but he didn’t have to look at it to know which name was embossed in the steel. He didn’t know what to think about that, the implication was clear, of course, he wasn’t stupid, but the fact that Natasha had
“And anyone with resolve enough to tolerate the incessant blabbering of Justin Fucking Hammer is my sort of man,” Tony said, grinning proudly. “God, that guy was a lunatic.”
“You look troubled,” Mister Stark said, eyeing Steve suspiciously and breaking him out of his reverie.
“Ah, you’re just as enthusiastic as I am, huh?” Tony guessed, and chuckled when Steve nodded gravely.
When Steve’s thrusts eventually dragged to a halt, Tony just looked up at him, gaze wide and imploring.
have feelings for him! Even if they never got married, even if they didn’t get together, Steve knew Tony cared for him. More than a friend, more than a teammate. They had only hurt each other so badly because there was so much love between them.
“Ah.” Steve rubbed a hand over his face, before handing the tablet over to Natasha. “How long did you know about this?”
Tony snorted, because those two words really only sounded right when Pepper said them. “I’m just doing this to make Steve happy. Which will make me happy. Don’t make me out to be the hero in this. I’m really not.”
to say something along the line of ‘If the guy’s worthy to carry Thor’s hammer, he might as well see your junk, too’, but now probably wasn’t the time for jokes.
Back then, Tony hadn’t seen that the Accords had too easily defined superheroes as weapons, something to be deployed like an arm of the military. This bill they’d worked on, it was instead founded on trust—not on fear or force. During the mess with Zemo, nearly all of them had gotten distracted from a hero’s main responsibility: to help and protect. But with any chance, they could do exactly that for the years to come, if only the UN agreed to sign this.
For just a second, he’d started thinking about how to retreat from this situation without tearing everything apart in the process. He’d been ready to leave, to be unhappily in love once again, to make Steve into another person in his life with whom Tony had messed everything up.
Steve sensed his discomfort und brushed his nose over Tony’s. “You know I’m gonna be careful, right? I’ll… you’ll have to guide me through it, but I’m not gonna do anything you don’t like.”
In the last couple of weeks, he’d made it a point to spend as much time as possible with this Steve. But the fragile friendship they’d had going for them was still a bit weird, especially since Tony couldn’t help thinking about Barnes and his parents most of the time. Or because Tony had always had trouble cherishing the good things in his life.
So far, he hadn’t left his room on medical, never even asked for it. Instead, he was watching them. It seemed to be his favored pastime now, watching life pass before his eyes. He would watch them talk, watch Steve and Natasha bicker over movie choices right in front of his room, or listen to Clint and Sam discussing maneuvers and past missions.
Steve bit back a curse as his fingers slipped on the bridge’s ledge. One hand lost its grip and swung free, his body smacking against the pillar. He was still three floors up. He only barely managed to cling on for a second, before his hand slipped and he fell. In front of him, the pillar rushed down in a hard, shining waterfall of polished white.
One hundred and twenty-two hours. Tony couldn’t believe it had been over five days already. So many hours of breathing stale air that should be shared by others. Drinking whiskey that had long since lost its taste. Expecting his team to sit in the kitchen and bicker in the mornings only to blink from his dream and return to this Hell on Earth.
Sharon stepped off the podium, walked to the plaque and gave a formal salute holding it for the traditional three seconds.
Sliding the papers back into the envelope, Steve carefully set it into his bag and got to his feet. "Watch the fort while I'm gone," he told DUM-E, watching the little wave-twirl thing the machine did with a small smile, before turning to leave. He tried not to seem too much in a rush as he hurried for Bruce's lab.
Steve smiled. Tony’s goatee couldn’t really be called a goatee anymore, by now he had stubble all over his lower face.
“Morning you two.” Natasha made a silly face at Ian, but instead of giggling like he usually did, the baby just started wailing again. Natasha pulled away, her expression turning a tad sad, as she said, “guess someone isn’t a happy trooper today.”
Bruce was leaning against the wall next to Bucky. He looked just as tired as Tony, his posture hunched, but his voice remained calm and steady as he spoke. “James Barnes?”
This was not the Tony he wanted, he reminded himself. This was Tony he would not take advantage of just because he was a horny drunk.
That roused a small chuckle from Steve. “Nick sent me papers, Nat brought me the mask, I got a flight-ticket, that’s kinda as far as my plan went.”
"I'm… sorry," Steve said, shifting his weight from one leg to the other. "Uh…" The arm turned towards him and Steve looked at it for a long moment. "What's it doing, Tony?"
Tony scoffed, but didn’t say anything. When Barnes was finished, he offered the Scotch to him, and after a moment’s contemplation, Tony accepted and took a sip straight from the bottle as well.
Involuntarily, his eyes dropped on the coffin, and a fierce numbness washed over him. Peggy had always been so strong, so larger-than-life, how could she be so small now to fit in there?
But for the way Tony was sliding over his lap and nuzzling his stomach, he had to do something now. “Tony.” Steve’s hands shot to his arms and he hauled him back up. “No. We can’t. You were angry at me.”
Tony sighed heavily, letting himself fall down into a sitting position in front of Steve. “Believe it or not, dearest husband of mine, but that’s not making me feel much better.”
They stood no chance. No chance at all. He elbowed one hard before choking him, then punched another with his shield. He blocked the swing of the third merc, kneeing him so hard in the gut, he fell down and didn’t get up again, before throwing number four into the railing. The metal links clamored loudly with the impact. He made a feeble try to stand up again, but Steve only took a step back, and watched as one of Clint’s arrows embedded itself into the man’s thigh, sending him to the ground.
“Well, I learned from the best.” Steve turned and swiped his finger through the chocolate mousse. “Taste?” he asked, offering it to Tony.
There was nothing but bliss stretching every curve of Tony’s face. And at that moment, it was all Steve knew.
It was his own fault for allowing himself to fall in love with Steve, but it was also Steve's for allowing it to happen. And he was tired of Steve’s back and forth, tired of this dancing around each other.
Steve liked his privacy, and he liked the idea of having Tony all to himself. It didn't exactly go as planned, sadly, but at least he'd tried.
dreams. The thought floated in his mind for a moment before he pulled himself out of bed and padded over to the bathroom. He didn't need much time to get ready, and the institute he was teaching at was only a short walking distance from his flat.
To be honest, Steve had counted on the fact that the phone would drive him nuts. It would be lying there, likely always in his field of vision because Tony had a habit of tormenting himself with things he hadn’t yet made his mind up about.
Steve hummed in agreement, then, miraculously, one side of his mouth quirked upwards. “Clint said we’re not allowed to have sex in here.”
What was more concerning was the way Wanda and Pietro seemed to completely ignore their surroundings. Admittedly, they were really trying to combine their powers with those of the others—Wanda by lifting everyone up in the air, and Pietro by moving each and every thing around—, but they still, even after months of training, didn’t keep track of their surroundings, and they didn’t bother to take the other’s timing into consideration.
Natalia’s eyes were unfocused, staring into distance. “We could run away,” she said after a long moment. “Hide somewhere. Live a different life. I know someone who could help us get off their grid.”
“Yes.” And it was true. “I—It’s hard to explain, but what happened, back then, it was such a giant mess. Someone played us, and sure, we
Tony raised an eyebrow, taking in the hardened features on Steve’s face. Whatever his future was like… it seemed he was adamant on keeping it.
Steve quickly dodged him, but he soon realized that the confining hallway would only make things more difficult, so he ran to the kitchen. Bucky didn’t run after him though.
, if Tony was honest with himself, his heart was already much more involved than he’d wanted it to be. And if Steve ended up deciding that while the sex was pretty great, a relationship with him would be too complicated after all, well…
“You did,” Tony agreed quietly. “But it won’t be enough, at least not right now. Let’s be honest here, you had our finger on self-destruct the whole time, and you pushed it when you dragged Bucky out of Vienna. And now we’ve reached a dead end.” He sighed, then glanced at Bucky. “No offense. I’m glad you’re not dead.”
“Can we have you naked?” he asked, and he’d likely die if Steve was gonna tell him no now, but asking seemed like the polite way to go. “I really wanna see you naked.”
not sitting in the driver’s seat, it was one of those more serious quirks Tony hadn’t managed to get rid of. Yet, with Steve, he at least allowed to give it a try from time to time.
He only hoped he remembered this. Being held in the safety of her arms. His enemy that was no longer his enemy. His enemy that had become his savior. For the first time, there was hope not to forget again, not having to start anew.
A small smile stretched Steve’s face. “Wrong?” he repeated. “What makes you think something’s wrong?”
Steve frowned some more. “‘And’? Why would you—I’ve fought Doom before! I’ve retrieved the machine before. Why would you possibly want me to stay behind?”
Tony fell quiet for half a minute, his eyes darting around slightly while he stared at the dark road ahead of them. Clearly, he would be making this one count. Then, he eventually asked with a very quiet voice, “How many people have you kissed in your life?”
“You want to quit?” Steve asked, and he already knew that it didn’t really matter what his answer would be. Whatever Tony wanted to do with his life—Steve would be at his side for it.
An inelegant snort wafted from Bucky, as he pointed to Tony’s neck where the hickey Steve had left there earlier was still very visible. “Looks like you’ve already had a few of those.”
Tony saw Wanda and Pietro looking at each other, an almost approving smile taking hold of Pietro’s face, and he knew Steve had won them over in a heartbeat.
“God, you move fast.” Tony shook his head, both at his lapse of attention and at Steve’s speed. “That’s unfairly attractive.”
“You’re overdoing it,” Tony gasped eventually. His erection was still firmly in place, his right hand grasping the base as if he was this close to coming already.
Steve’s mouth twitched even as Tony rolled his eyes. “Hello,” he said and returned her surprisingly firm handshake.
And without warning, Tony’s body went on autopilot. His fingers wove through Steve’s hair, drawing it out of his face, so he could see Steve’s pink lips stretched around his dick. He drove his hips upward, demanding more. More of Steve. More of his mouth. Steve’s tongue swept over his aching head, suckling at the beads of precum gathered there, his lips curling and wandering further down Tony’s length.
Steve forced himself to blank out his mind and fall asleep since no good, no good at all was going to come out of staying awake.
“There’s no way to reach him now,” Strange interrupted. “And even if there was… The sudden rush of omnipotence is too much for even the finest mind. Thanos likely didn’t care about the consequences, but if you try to wield the Stones’ powers all by yourself, it
Tony stilled, then resumed his work. It was a little bit of a struggle for him to get his fingers beneath the lacings; they were a bit smoldered, but eventually he got them all loosened enough to pull off the uniform easily.
Backing away a little, Tony pulled his goggles off and, because it was the obvious choice, put them over the suit’s helmet. “That’s nice,” he said, pointing a finger towards the bottles of beer and to what actually looked like homemade sandwiches. “I’m just gonna wash up real quick, okay?”
Tony all but shook with anger. “Well, how can you be sure I wouldn’t make any untoward advances to him? I’m doing it all the time.”
Tony hugged himself and studied Steve’s profile. He almost looked exactly like his own Steve had, only his hair was a bit longer… and there was a light scruff on his cheeks. He looked somehow rougher than before. Tony turned his gaze straight ahead and, for just a minute, reveled in being with Steve, verbally sparring with him again, having him near again.
Thanks again to my lovely beta-reader morphia, and to civilwarbrokemyheart for proofreading the Russian sentence. And once more thanks to all of you for commenting and giving me your support. I'm honestly very relieved there weren't any Civil War-rants going on here, as I know it is a sensitive thing for lots of people, so thanks for sticking with me throughout the whole thing <3
Tony’s hands were now balled to fists. “You know what: Call me when you know what you want,” he spat and moved to walk past Steve. On pure instinct, Steve grabbed his hand to stop him, feeling a jolt go through Tony limbs. He tried to struggle and free himself, and glared at Steve when he didn’t let him go.
The sudden impact of Tony’s laughter shook Steve to the bone. It made the insides of his chest quiver. And once again, he felt very young and very foolish.
I will probably add a few one shots to this verse in the meantime, maybe even a short story that's post-Civil War. But for now, I hope very much that you enjoyed it! Thanks for your comments <3
Natasha’s gaze averted to her hands. “We were. Fury called me up to his office beforehand. He left it to me to tell you.”
True, the Avengers had overcome many obstacles together, but the big endgame was still out there. All those unknown forces, all those powers. It didn’t have to happen tomorrow, or any time soon, but it would be naïve to think that just because they’d defeated an alien army, a couple of psychotic scientists and hobby villains, they’d be able to take on everything else. That there wouldn’t be
He raised his knees, shifting a bit and willing his erection to go the fuck down. Only that thinking about a young Matt Damon really didn’t help his case much.
It had been a daring thing they’d done. And while it was by no means normal, Ian was a healthy little guy, and he would be loved beyond measure.
Wanda had single-handedly caused an international incident, thus pushing the UN to first discuss putting restrictions on enhanced people.
Steve hadn’t known that. Had never even heard of this ‘Virginia’. The information immediately brought forth a dozen other questions: Was she Tony’s closest friend? Did he have any siblings? Had Indries had any children? Was Tony a... father? The thought made Steve’s insides churn. Not because it would’ve been a big problem—he was mostly certain that Tony didn’t have any children, anyway—but it suddenly made him realize how little he knew of Tony’s life.
"Excuse me," Steve said, waving the bartender over. "Do you have a piece of paper and a pen?" he asked, smiling pleasantly at the man. He handed over the items the next moment and Steve thanked him before turning his attention to them, jotting down a few short sentences to get himself focused.
At that, Pepper smiled, and it even turned a little brighter when she greeted Steve with a nod. “I’m sure. You doing alright there?”
It was practically universal law that if any two people had sex within a ten-mile radius of Natasha Romanov, she would pick up on it immediately. Steve had no qualm with sharing the news with the world; he simply didn’t want Natasha to let the cat out of the bag before he was granted the opportunity to get a word in.
It didn't take long for the two of them to be scrubbed clean from hair to toes. It was a little ridiculous, but Steve was enjoying himself, and judging by the grin on Tony's face, Steve assumed he was having a blast too. There was no denying the erotic effect of washing one another this way.
“Maybe we could get the pool table from Thor’s floor,” Sam mused, looking around. “And oh, darts, we definitely need darts. Entertainment, people, entertainment.”
Steve’s grunts grew louder in reply. He drove into him with weeks of repression and need coursing off his body.
"Okay," he said at first, accepting Tony's refusal to be called a kid even though Tony himself chose to keep calling him Picasso despite countless times he'd asked him to stop it. "I'll still need to know which one is your room, though." He jostled Tony a little in his arms to wake him. "Come on, floor and room number? Then you can sleep till we get there."
“JARVIS,” Tony called, heaving the thing into his arms. “Complete lockdown, and prepare the contamination chamber.”
Vision cocked his head, looking vaguely amused. “I have to say you’re both being overly melodramatic. I told Tony I’d meet him on the other side. He should know better than to think I’d break my promises.”
Tony turned over to face Steve. “Why aren’t we getting rid of all these people who shouldn’t be living here?”
It was better than the alternative, Steve reminded himself as he smiled politely at the man. It wouldn't do to show hostility now, even though he'd caught Tony's wince at the guy's hold on his shoulder. But if it bruised…
, and every time that happened, it brought new sorrow to Mister Stark’s eyes. It seemed there was never a time when his ghosts left him behind. Even Steve, who tried very hard to steer around the topic, would inevitably say something without thinking and force Mister Stark to relive the pain once again.
Natasha shrugged, leaning back and flopping what looked like a peanut in her mouth. “I set them up three weeks ago.”
But Steve, the stubborn moron, only straightened his back, looming over Tony of all things, and met the Hellfire in his eyes with something very close to an unimpressed expression.
Next to him, Wanda set into motion, rushing in the direction of the elevator. She even shrugged off Pietro’s hand as she went. Her legs were so wobbly she staggered to the side even before she had fully straightened her back, but she managed not to fall.
There were other ways, though. And in the end, it took him three more weeks and twenty-seven days to finally man up and suggest for Tony to meet somewhere. After that, another five days for Tony to agree and ask for a location. And eight more hours before a short knock resounded within the hotel room Steve had booked for the next two days.
A sound vibrated along the monitors. Zola’s face flickered along the room. Steve cast another look at Tony’s expression, and it was strained now, as if in pain, like he was battling Zola within his mind—which he probably did.
Tony paused, pointedly staring at the machine in front of him. Whenever Steve mentioned the m-word, Tony just didn’t know how to react. After he’d found out, they hadn’t talked about it again. Tony didn’t know how to behave around him—around a man who knew him better than anyone, when Tony still knew so little about him in return.
Then again… no one would’ve waited for sixteen years. Someone like Tony deserved more than that. He deserved a full life, a partner, maybe children. Steve didn’t know how he knew Tony was even still alive—he just did. He felt him everywhere he went. Today was no exception. And though he wanted to be selfish, he just wished he was happy, wherever he was now.
From a door to their right, one more HYDRA agent came running in. He made big eyes when he saw them, and tried to run in the other direction.
Tony tossed a careful glance to the workshop’s glass front. In the other room, Rhodey was still on the treadmill, although FRIDAY had only allowed him half an hour training per day. The thing was barely moving, and Rhodey stared ahead with determination while taking one step after the other. When he stumbled, barely able to catch himself, Tony pushed another button, effectively ending the call.
“I can?” Steve asked. The idea that Tony would allow him into a place he treasured—his favorite room of Stark Mansion, for sure—warmed Steve’s heart. And it made the ground he stood on seem almost sacred.
, but if he was honest with himself, they’d been heading towards this for months. And once, he would’ve grinned against Steve’s lips the second they touched his, would’ve dug his fingers in Steve’s neck, holding him as near as he possibly could. He would’ve playfully nipped at his lower lip, taking his time to explore his mouth with as much laziness as Steve would’ve granted him.
Steve nodded. He lingered a moment longer, and searched Tony’s face. “I’ve been meaning to tell you—”
Steve stared at him in disbelief for a long moment, before shaking his head. "Buck." He swallowed thickly around the lump in his throat and reached to hug him again. Bucky didn't shrug him away. "Don't ever say stuff like that…" And though he tried to sound stern, military hardened Captain that he was, the words came out strangled.
He only made it three steps before the door to the cellar burst open with such force that it tore from its hinges. A figure jumped out and charged for Steve but it moved too fast for him to see who it was.
The fact that Steve had unconsciously been rubbing his dick against him for almost half an hour didn’t exactly make it easier to lie still, but Tony had made the decision to drag this out as long as he could.
Steve stifled a grin as he watched the two. They weren’t even half as bad as he and Tony when it came to PDA, keeping their affections towards another private. And yet, whenever they touched each other, it seemed as if they’d been together for
Eyes narrowed in defiance, Tony huffed and sucked him in as far as he could. What he couldn’t take into his mouth, he rubbed with his free hand. He drew Steve in until his head was once again pressed to the back of his throat.
He lost his balance and stumbled against a wall. Tony was standing at the other side of the workshop, apparently working on something. The thud made him swing around, though, and brought him racing towards Steve.
“It’s kinda… boiler room-y in here, huh?” Clint said, eyeing the rusty network of pipes, railings, aluminum tubing and large metal drums filled with… stuff. “What’s in those things?”
, yes,” Bucky said, huffing as he seemed to remember. “It was pathetic. But if it makes you feel better: Tony was just as bad.”
"I'm flattered," Steve said at last. He let his hand run along Tony's arm as he considered their situation with the slightest frown on his face. "We have to find a better way to do this," he mused out loud. "Not that this wasn't…" He trailed off, stumbling over his own words, dammit.
“Sorry,” Steve said, making a fist to lessen the coldness of his fingers a little. When he didn’t find anything, he rolled the top further down, baring Tony’s shoulder along the way.
While Steve started to laugh next to him, Tony called himself lucky he hadn’t wetted his pants at the end of it all.
Suddenly, thunder cracked through the air. Only it wasn’t thunder, it was something else. Both Steve’s and Stane’s eyes were drawn to the window. Thunder lit the sky, and from below, a few men started shouting.
Tony sighed deeply. “Do you really think I care about that? Trust me, you are perfect just the way you are. More perfect than you could ever understand. Come home with me. Come with me to Stark Mansion. Please.”
“If it comes down to it, if you find a way to give this a second try, let me be there with you.” Steve met his eyes steadily. “In case you need backup.”
"Dr. Banner," Steve said, turning to Bruce. "Did Tony ever dispose of that bulb you brought him?" And he knew the answer because he'd been there last, but he had to ask, and saw Bruce frowning.
How was it that they always ended up in so much pain when all they wanted to do was love each other?
“Of course,” Tony said easily, though Steve had a hard time believing him. “How do you like Stark Mansion so far?”
Slowly, Steve opened the door and walked inside the room that had been his favorite place in all these last months. The workshop itself was empty, but that didn’t surprise him much. On his way to the adjoining room, he petted Dummy’s claw, smiling at the short whirring sound, then moved further.
It shouldn’t feel good to hear the man’s voice again, the rational part of Tony’s brain knew that. And yet, Tony had to close his eyes for a moment, forcing his heartbeat to go the fuck down.
In front of them, Steve’s puzzled look gave way to amusement. “You had a panic attack because she kissed you?”
“We were,” Steve said, and when he saw Natasha smiling knowingly, he felt his face heat. He cleared his throat, willing himself to keep his cool. “They just didn’t share much information that would help me find them.”
“Maybe,” Rhodey replied. “But you have qualities that are far more important. You’re kind, honest, sincere. And you care for Tony. That’s worth a lot.”
you could have done to prevent this. You went there because we knew Rumlow had been up to something. We traced him, we got proof, and we decided to hunt him down. If you hadn’t been there, God knows what he would have done.”
Behind them, Strange made a sound of vague amusement, and Tony would’ve loved to give him a piece of his mind, but Steve’s eyes were big and blue and right in front of him.
He’d dreamed of Tony lying in his arms. They had been outside, on some kind of balcony with the sea right beneath them. Tony had shifted on the lounger, looking up at him. There had been a soft and content smile playing with his lips when he’d told Steve that he’d be waiting for him forever, and he was stupid for doubting that even a second.
He’d never bothered dealing justice to those who deserved it. Sending the guilty into the fiery pits of Hell where they’d be tormented with their worst nightmares had been his job for a good few millennia.
He could have fallen asleep, late as it was, caught next to Tony and the earth, staring out into the great beyond, feeling so impossibly small and yet so incredibly connected.
going on around here. “So you want to breach the carriers, and replace their targeting blades with our own.”
“Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman. Mister Stark,” the man with the eye patch said, then introduced himself as Nicholas Fury. No title, no job description, just a name, but once his gaze settled on Steve, he realized it didn’t matter. The guy was clearly the boss here, and whatever he’d decide on would seal their fate.
He realized it made him feel rather protective of the man in front of him. Even if said man currently looked like a big petulant child.
“’m here now,” Steve said. He wound his arms beneath Tony’s armpits, holding him close. His body was getting closer to an explosion unlike anything he’d ever felt, and he could barely keep up with Tony. The way he moved beneath him, rolling and sliding just right. He felt the eager jerks of Tony’s cock against his abdomen every time he arched into him, heard the little squeaking of the mattress beneath their thrusting bodies and shivered at the colorful words he wasn’t even certain Tony was fully aware he released into the hot air between them.
“Uhh, Mr. Sta—!” Peter called, then yelped, as he was picked up by Sam, who flew him to somewhere on the other side of the airport.
Those red, fiery eyes, like flames flickering in an otherworldly darkness. And Tony’s skin—scarred, red, burning.
He could feel Steve’s arousal digging into his stomach, and as if reading his thoughts, Steve’s fingers set to work on Tony’s belt buckle only moments later. He was panting now—they both were. Breathing hard against each other’s lips, their eyes laden with single-minded determination.
Steve grimaced. He’d often asked himself the same question, and he’d found many excuses—that he’d wanted to protect Bucky, that he’d never found the right time, that Tony hadn’t made it easy to trust him, but… at the end of the day, all of those excuses crumbled when looked at too closely.
“You scared me,” Steve mumbled against Tony’s lips, and he looked as troubled as Tony had ever seen him. “The vision,” he continued, as he pressed their foreheads together. “The vision Wanda Maximoff showed me, it was exactly that… you going rogue, doing what Ultron told you to do. I knew I needed to kill you and I couldn’t. I
Carol nodded again but did not reply, instead turned to leave the tent without making another sound. And dutifully, though with palpable hesitation, Steve tugged on Tony’s hand once more and followed.
“That’s what’s happening to you?” he asked, and didn’t try to hide his worry. “The dose of that alien-plant-vapor you breathed in must’ve been thirty to forty times higher than for the other two, you were bound to react differently.”
“He didn’t even know he was in there,” Tony added, sounding very much like a proud father, “until I pieced him together. Well, and now… we have a body in need of a pilot.”
“Pepper loves art, by the way. So you’ll have a lot to talk about.” He winked. “And Happy will be glad to have someone other than himself she can talk to about it.”
Of course, Tony assumed the chances that Steve would break up with him were pretty slim as long as he was still unconscious.
“Mmm,” he hummed, slipped his hand between them and quickly shoved two fingers into her core. She cried out and he chuckled. “Oh baby, how wet you are…”
Tony braced himself against the wall, listening to the quiet sounds of Steve whispering under his breath, while his body stretched to accommodate him. One of Steve's hands rested over Tony's belly, holding him flush against Steve's warm chest. Tony groaned with pleasure when Steve was completely seated inside of him, and he turned his head aside, trying to catch his eyes.
“You sure Bucky can’t come with us?” Steve asked. “He’s part of the team, maybe not an active member, but part of the team nonetheless.”
“And you’ll be there for the rest of it,” she mused with a soft sigh. Peggy met his eyes again and they shared a small, private smile. “I’m so happy for you.”
Taking a slow breath in through the pain in his chest, Steve closed his eyes. "I couldn't protect you."
“No,” she said, even though she made no move to resist him when his tongue darted out to seek entrance to her mouth. Despite her efforts to look and sound unaffected, Natasha always kissed with passion like no other, kissed like she didn’t know if Bucky would save her life or end it, biting and sucking, thrusting against him, exhaling on his lips before diving in again. Bucky almost got lost in the kisses, and that’s why he didn’t realize Natasha took advantage when he loosened his grip on her hands and quickly pushed him off of her.
“I’m not going to ask anything from you,” he managed to say. “I certainly won’t ask you to stay away from your own home. I just need some time for myself, and after that… I—I want to make it work.”
There was nothing for a long second. Tony tried pinging JARVIS again with no success, and instead, the other voice in his head had him stunned into breathtaking submission. Somehow it had managed to weave its way into the system without Tony noticing and now, it was everywhere at once.
Tony swung a repulsor at Giant-Guy, putting all of his considerable force into the shot, and had the satisfaction of seeing the Ant almost topple to the earth, bellowing in frustration.
was that?” Steve demanded and Tony watched as all of the others filed into the workshop. Natasha wordlessly handed Steve a first aid kit, while Barnes leaned against the wall of the far side of the room, looking at Tony with a dark expression that probably meant Tony shouldn’t be alone with him for a whole long while. When Bruce entered the room, he only glanced at him for a moment, understanding and guilt plainly visible on his face. Rhodey and Maria followed right after them, standing in the background, in stark contrast to Thor, who all but stormed into the room, and—taking one look at the empty slot where the scepter had been—slammed both hands down so hard the surface cracked. “Dammit!”
Steve cleared his throat, looking at the red body with an uneasy feeling. “And you’re sure about this?”
Steve thought, but he was too afraid of what would happen if voiced those words. By now, he was sure that Tony would never tell on him, and he wouldn’t be cruel about it, either. But a small voice inside Steve’s head still wasn’t sure if Tony liked him in a way one liked a pet dog, or if he truly wanted him.
Tony met Natasha’s intent gaze. “If the Avengers are over, the world might very well end when the next alien army decides to attack us. I love Steve, you know I do, but he would agree that the world’s safety always has to come first. Ian is part of this world, and he’s more important to me than anyone else.” His voice shook, he knew that, but his words weren’t any less genuine. “I wasn’t counting on you to join us in the first place. Frankly, I’m surprised you’re still here at all and not with Barnes. I won’t force you to stay.”
“It’s why you killed JARVIS, right?” Steve pressed on. “You terribly wanted to feel you’ve accomplished
A wave of contentedness accompanied Tony upon awakening. He’d been dozing on and off for the better part of the morning, relishing in Steve’s warmth and the way he had himself wrapped around Tony fully.
“I’d rather…” he said, humming in thought. When the girl caught him looking, a suggestive smile appeared on her face.
Bruce stepped into the doorway, and watched Tony with calm understanding that was unparalleled. “So, that was a bit much.”
“So…” Tony prompted slowly. “While my behavior last night is still inexcusable… you don’t… hate me for it.”
Another arrow flew towards him. It missed by half a millimeter, though in Clint’s book, that was a lot. “Would you stop it?” Tony snapped. Clint was obviously trying to keep him away from Steve, and if this had been a real fight, Tony would have been kind of grateful that he didn’t need to fight his husband, but right now, it was just really fucking annoying.
“Oh hey,” Tony called back, waving a bit when Steve didn’t immediately spot him. With a confused frown to the clock hanging above the workshop’s glass front, Tony wondered how much time had passed since Steve had left earlier. Earlier—yesterday? It didn’t
With potent dread, Tony suddenly realized that there was still every chance that they’d come full circle. And even if they didn’t—back then, Wanda had saved Steve’s life in Lagos. Without her, a bomb would’ve detonated right next to Steve.
. He had become better at talking about these kinds of things, hadn’t he? Where did all of that stammering come from? Steve clamped his mouth shut and turned his head, wishing he could just make a run for the door and end this. But Natasha was his friend. So he gathered his words and tried again. “You were there for him. That’s what counts.”
“No, I can stay,” Tony hurried to say. With an eye roll, mostly directed at himself, but also at the two of them—how had Natasha put it, boys fretting over nothing?—he closed the space between them. Putting both hands on Steve’s hips, not quite pressing against him, but definitely touching, he looked up into his eyes.
And Steve’s team—well, he had told everyone not to hurt anybody either, and thus, it seemed, they had made it through the day without any casualties.
They talked a bit more after that. They talked, and sometimes kissed, but it never went beyond that. Tony never initiated something. He probably thought Steve couldn’t handle it, and Steve—well, he didn’t know how to tell Tony that that wasn’t the case at all.
“The serum they used wasn’t identical to mine,” Bucky mused. “Their aggression levels often made them lose control over their actions. Maybe they didn’t survive the Cryostasis. Or died right after.”
Taking a low breath, Tony turned around, not really caring that he was still hard as well, and looked at Steve. He was staring at him with wide eyes and there was definitely shock there, and panic, so much in fact, that there was no room for anything else yet.
“Come on, Cap,” Tony said, smiling at him—though the adoring warmth from before was definitely gone. “We’ll get you sent back in no time at all.”
When the eclipse began, Tony thought about a Million things at once. About him at ten, and him at sixteen—and the chasm of grief between those two points. He’d lost himself when Jarvis died, and for a long time, there hadn’t been a single particle left of who he was. For a long time, he’d let all that chances fall through his fingers.
His hands slid over Steve’s shoulders, passing behind the back of his gray t-shirt as he wrapped his arms around him and Ian more fully. Steve was shivering, his muscles clenched tight beneath the unexpected embrace. Beneath the thin cotton, Tony could feel his firm chest, the fast beating of his heart, and he stared up at him.
Vision had just opened his mouth to speak, to agree with Sam, Steve suspected, when the facility's security system came online to notify everyone that Tony Stark had just entered the front doors. A short, quiet moment passed, and Steve glanced at Natasha briefly. She shrugged. So she didn't know Tony was coming, that was oddly reassuring. Steve surveyed the rest of the team for another brief moment, and then got to his feet. When some of the others made to get up, he held out a hand to stop them.
“I forgot how stubborn you can be,” Tony mumbled against his lips, as they wrapped both of their arms around each other.
“Friday?” Steve echoed, then smiled a little as if remembering something. “Right. Of course. I wasn’t thinking, so… Sorry. And thank you.”
Steve huffed, giving him a crooked and entirely forced smile. The vulnerability in his expression would have floored Tony were he not already sitting. “It might be nothing. It’s just been a long day,” Steve said, and then his free hand landed on Tony’s knee, squeezing lightly. His other hand slid up Tony’s arms, fingers threading through his hair. “And I don’t really want to think about this right now…”
“Fair enough,” Tony said, then grinned, and leaned in for a kiss. Steve wound an arm around him, his lips brushing Tony’s cheek, then his mouth. God, he loved how attuned to everything Tony was; the love he expressed with the slightest touch, the briefest smiles that had been there from the beginning.
And Tony… truly was a work of art. He sinfully moved on top of him, head flung back, his eyes closed, body arching even further, his hands running all over Steve, fingers raking down Steve’s chest, his arms, drawing angry red lines all over him.
Bracing himself, he walked into the room, greeting the first guests on his way. Tonight was about getting his mind off of things, and spending some time with his team.
It did feel nice, and Steve let his mind drift a bit. With his two favorite persons near, all of his worries, the insecurities, the frustration—became meaningless.
Steve nodded and shifted closer, draping an arm around Tony’s shoulder and drawing him near. Tony raised his head, and met Steve’s lips with a slow, gentle kiss.
Her face was half in shadow, her eyes trained steadily on him. She was watching him through the glass. He sat up, uneasy with the intensity of Natalia’s stare—the type of intensity that was usually accompanied by heavy words. Slowly, he rose to his feet and walked up to her. Then, he leaned his chest against her back, drawing her near with his arms around her waist. “What is it?”
He swallowed down anything more he had to say and strode towards the nearest exit, needing to be somewhere quiet and far away from Tony
Tony pondered giving Steve’s reports a look after all, but decided against it. He’d return home eventually, and it was better to hear Steve’s version, and not the formal one he’d written down for SHIELD.
Steve only grunted something unintelligible, before he dropped his whole body down over the armrest, taking Tony down with him. He looked completely winded, slack jawed and Tony draped his arms around Steve’s upper body drunkenly, smiling at him with contentment. There still was a certain measure of glee in the knowledge that he had the power to render Captain America temporarily useless.
“You miss your papa, huh, darling?” he asked Ian as he carefully pressed him against his chest, his ear close to the arc reactor. Almost instantly, Ian stilled in his arms. “Ba-ba,” he mumbled sleepily, followed by a few ‘ba-ba-bas’.
Tony met Steve’s eyes, his skin burning. It wasn’t the first time he was looking at a man from this position, but with Steve it was… vastly different. Watching him as he watched Tony, his eyes clouded with passion and love and a thousand other feelings at once, and Tony felt himself falling deeper into an abyss from which he never wanted to be freed again.
“Did you get what you wanted?” Steve asked Stane, who stood before him, rigid and proud and obviously very pleased with himself. “I know that you don’t like me,” Steve went on, his voice quiet and sure. “I know that you want to get rid of me. But whatever you’re doing with
“Good thinking,” Tony commented as he settled on top of Steve’s thighs. Looking down at him, he realized he still hadn’t gotten used to seeing Steve like this. Sprawled out naked in front of him, his cock hard and flushed against his stomach, and those blue eyes staring at him with such intense focus, it was… almost too much. He was intoxicated with Steve’s scent, having a hard time thinking about anything other than how Steve would feel inside. How he would feel against him, his breath hot on Tony’s skin, and just imagining it had Tony irrevocably lost.
“I… yeah, okay,” Steve said, nodding while he was still a bit dazed. “Gonna make sure you’re ready.”
Steve tossed his shield over his shoulder and leveled his eyes at her. “Tony convinced us you were worth trying to talk to you.”
“Yeah, because I have no idea how to go about this without tackling the ‘structural integrity’, sure,” Tony retorted dryly. “Who of us has a PhD in engineering physics again? Also, my suit isn’t massive, it’s sleek and graceful, thank you very much.”
An explosion from the exit-tunnel made the ground tremble, and all of them were knocked to one side as Vision slowly descended into the basement. The female soldier tried to climb to her feet and threw out the arm holding a knife in an almost desperate movement that cost her the battle. Only a beat later, Vision had her ankle in his hand, and threw her down on the floor with so much force that the asphalt cracked beneath her.
Rhodes was casting Steve angry glances as he tried to discuss last details with Tony. Tony only nodded to everything his friend said, and didn’t seem much interested in the upcoming event.
“I need to be in Washington tomorrow. The meetings will take a few days, a week tops. Think I’m gonna take a hotel.”
There was a moment’s hesitation, when Steve looked like he wanted to say more, but eventually, he just nodded. He took a last step towards him, looking at Tony with the sweetest smile he had ever seen. “I’m ready,” he said. “Bring me home.”
They stayed in the workshop for about an hour and Tony very patiently showed Steve a few of the inventions he’d made the last time he’d been in the workshop.
There was every chance he would regret this tomorrow. Dream or not, this was pushing everything past borderline to real. Made it official that this was something he wanted, too. Being with a man like this. And he
There was a beat of silence, and as soon as those words truly registered in Steve’s head, they made his heartbeat quicken. He couldn’t really—Tony couldn’t really be saying what Steve thought he was saying, could he? But then again… he’d come all the way here, probably ordering FRIDAY to track him down, not even changing clothes, as far as Steve could see.
Tony backed up towards the door. “He’s a bit of a night owl these days,” he called over. “So don’t be surprised when he won’t go to sleep till midnight.”
What on earth had he done to make Steve Rogers return those feelings? To make him believe a relationship with Tony would be a good idea. He just—he couldn’t picture it. He had been trying for the past hours, but whenever his mind tried to cook up a scenario where Steve said ‘yes’ to him, it was drawing a blank.
Steve kneeled down at the foot of the couch and stared him down. “Natasha said you’ll be leaving for Latveria in about an hour. And she told me you said I wasn’t allowed to come with you.”
Steve sighed. He wasn’t exactly ashamed, but it still felt odd to simply put it out there like that. He’d kept it a secret for so long, had never told anyone—not even Bucky—about Tony. And yet, maybe it was time to take that step now.
Tony's words were as reassuring as they were painful. Steve's chest swelled with the knowledge he was making Tony feel good but at the same time a part of him wanted to treasure him forever, so he'd never have to wonder if his wishes would be heard in bed.
Steve looked over at her sharply, but Natasha’s eyes were fixed on her boots, her expression one of vague puzzlement, as though surprised that those words had actually left her lips.
There was a tangible shift when Tony's climax crested. Beyond the lost rhythm and Tony's desperate moans, Steve could feel him clenching, quivering around him. He let go of the last of his control right then, shoving hard against him with every pulsing wave of pleasure, Tony's name on his lips as he came.
“No,” Steve breathed, because he couldn’t keep up any kind of façade. Not when he’d just lost Tony a second time. “I’m really not.” He had to get out of here, away from those eyes that were Tony’s and not Tony’s at all. “I… I don’t want to be impolite,” Steve uttered, trying to keep his voice firm. “It was nice to meet you, Tony, I just, I just need a moment to think before we have to go to debriefing and—”
He paused, considering. "If we do get to celebrate any anniversary, let me tell you upfront that I want
Steve's eyes had been fixed on the glass, but he could tell someone was approaching none the less. He kept on staring even as the glass was taken away. Made no move to retrieve it. Why did Tony come back? Hadn't he done enough damage already?
“The most elite death squad. More kills than anyone in HYDRA history. And that was before the serum.”
“You’re not,” he said, as he reached for the hem of Tony’s shirt. He’d seen the arc reactor up close already, when he and Tony had slipped into bed a few days ago. Nothing had happened—they were both too tired right after the fight, and the destruction and violence of the battle too close—but Tony had told him about the last sixteen years. Not in great detail, but he had told him about Afghanistan, and Obadiah, and the Palladium. It had Steve want to wrap him into his arms protectively, but it also brought forth a fierce rush of pride that Tony had made it through all that—all by himself.
“Fair enough,” Bucky agreed, jumping to his feet. “The pool table it is. I’ll help you carry it upstairs.”
Steve lifted the hand not wrapped around Tony to his face, covering his eyes and forehead as relief washed over him in a nearly painful wave. He let a breath fall from his lips before inhaling deeply, then letting all the air out over a sigh. He wasn't made for this kind of emotional rollercoaster. Steve liked knowing where things stood and he didn't much care for misunderstandings. And yet, here he was, just moments away from throwing Tony out of his room for just such a thing.
They stepped into the Kamar-Taj, hand in hand. The sorcerers-in-training were all over the place, some firing blasts of energy at one another, some sitting on the floor, staring into open space like they weren’t even there. At least, not psychically.
“Vision sent me a message. Clint just left the tower… with Wanda and Pietro. They took a Quinjet. He tried to stop them, but they fought him off.”
As Tony started the Quinjet, he blew out a sigh and dragged a hand through his hair, marveling at the surreal nature of this entire situation.
Tony cracked a smile, nodded. “Sure thing.” It was kind of insulting that Barnes thought it wouldn’t work out, but Tony decided to let that slide for now.
There were so many answers going through Steve’s head, but he didn’t want Rhodey to tell Tony that he wasn’t happy here. “It’s… pleasant,” he forced himself to say instead.
“Yes, it’s his thing,” Natasha said shortly, catching her breath. Then, she grabbed Sam by the arm, pulling him around the car.
“We need him,” Steve pointed out. He forced himself not to twitch and shift too much. Now wasn’t the time to let anyone see how agitated he truly was. “You know he can handle himself.”
been, for a long time. There was no imperative to share information, and yet, Steve had been convinced that they were at least being straightforward with each other whenever they were working together.
Still. At the end of the day, he had to admit his future self was right: It seemed to be the only way to go, because without the Time Stone, and without a few years at hand to work on building a machine by themselves, breaking into Latveria truly was their only choice.
“It’s fine,” he said, after a moment of puzzled silence. “Wasn’t the first wallop between us. Probably won’t be the last.”
Strange hummed, nodded. “Good. It’s worth a try.” He looked around as he stood up. “I’ll contact you once I have any news.”
actually improve it,” Steve added, his voice more serious. “Didn’t think it was possible, but it’s you, so… you surprised me. The handling is just perfect.”
Next to him, Clint huffed with a long-suffering expression. Natasha only chuckled softly and boxed him into the side.
Tony gave the tree in front of them a speculative glance, then handed Steve the rope they’d found in the tower’s ruins. Steve covered himself with it, then started climbing. Even though the tree was very high, and only had few branches, it wasn’t hard, since Steve had always been sure of foot, even as a sickly kid.
“You don’t have to, baby,” he told him, petting his head gently, as he tried to school his expression so he wouldn’t look disappointed.
“I downloaded the Camp’s map, the signal comes from the ammunition bunker,” Tony said, his eyes brown once more. He sat up and turned the tablet in his lap around. “How much do you remember about the place?” he asked Steve with a soft voice.
And now, standing so close to Steve, pressing against him chest to chest, Tony needed desperately to remain angry. To maintain that much of himself. To remember how he felt the moment Steve’s fist had broken through the helmet, hitting him over and over again.
“This is stupid... stupid, stupid, stupid,” Tony sing-songed as he raised the bell jar into the air. The bulb smelled… well, it smelled like a plant that was about to go rotten, there wasn’t anything unusual about it.
Sure, he could play it all off. Get back to business, which would likely be wise, since they really needed to get down to business—and
The last years hadn’t done anything to right his many wrongs, it seemed. He’d been climbing a mountain steadily, and mostly alone since the day he’d returned from Afghanistan. He’d started such a long time ago. A reluctant acceptance in the face of his kidnapping had sealed his fate—the knowledge that the playboy life he’d been leading was over. He’d gone with it because there was no alternative, not for him, not anymore.
He’d cared for him when they’d just formed a team, and when they’d argued, and when they’d ultimately broken apart. He’d cared for Steve
A snicker clawed at Tony’s throat, but he valiantly forced it back down. Instead, he leaned back, aiming for shock and confusion as he looked up at Steve. “There was nothing to bounce back from, was there?”
So he reached for a bottle and looked down on the label for a long moment. It was even one of the better kind. It was tempting, so tempting, and at the same time, not an option.
Memories flooded Steve’s mind, laced with regret. He’d thought that those next weeks would be filled with love, laughter, and family, that he and Tony could finally have some days just for themselves. And he’d thought, foolishly, that he would have time to really try to grasp what having a kid would mean for him—and for them as a couple. It was a scary, huge commitment, and he simply hadn’t been sure if this was the kind of life he wanted. He’d decided to weigh all those pros and cons with Tony first, maybe to talk with Bucky about it, too, and instead, he was here, heading into yet another war. JARVIS was gone, maybe for good, and his husband was as far away from him since their first encounter years ago.
Talking with Tony helped. Every night, they would sit together on the huge bed, and Steve would tell Tony what had happened that day, which HYDRA base they’d raided and how many lives they’d saved.
Vision stopped in his movements, then cast Steve a nervous little smile, nodding his thanks as he reached for the Merlot, instead. “I was… going to offer it to the both of them,” he added, as if on a second thought.
“Yes.” Stane said, briefly looking at Tony. “Way I see it, she wanted to end her marriage to Tony. And I think that’s what she wanted to tell me the night she died. The night she… disappeared.”
“We gotta move out,” Steve called. “The air’s getting thin. You guys get to the boats… I’ll sweep for stragglers, be right behind you.”
There was a big golden chest standing next to the couch table, and inside were a good bunch of vials with a clear green liquid.
And when this mess was finally over, he could turn his full attention to this thing that had started building between them. A surprise, for sure, but not an unpleasant one by any means. Kissing Tony in the morning was an obvious plus. A slight blush rose to his face at the thought of Tony's offer to take a shower with him. Yes, he’d passed this time, but at some point…
had to identify her. Friends of mine told me her body was completely broken and rotten. They tell me he spilled his guts out right on the floor next to her.”
“And it’s true. We shot down two implants at once. There was no way to know how his brain would react. We knew the memories would cause distress.”
“Stop,” Tony said softly, squeezing Steve’s hand. There was no true reprimand in his voice–more a gentle coaxing to reassure him that all was well.
Steve matched Tony’s stride to his tempo, and Tony moved his hand from Steve’s shoulder to his waist, tapping his fingers in time with the beat. He closed his eyes, let the music move them and reveled in the closeness.
Tony took his finger into his mouth, licking the chocolate off. When he released it, he scooped up a dollop of the mousse on his own finger, and with a waggle of his left brow, he smeared it across his lips.
“Ah, I see,” Natasha said, and it might be Steve’s current state of mind, but she looked almost a bit amused. “I’ll see what I can do. Maybe talk to Stark again… I think he owes me a few explanations. By the way, did you ever read the file Fury gave you on him?”
The guy dropped down to the floor and Tony and Steve stopped when the twins turned around, casting them an unsurprised look.
“What?” Tony interjected, only barely refraining from screaming. “If you stayed with HYDRA? If you died? You’re here now, so I suggest you to start dealing with it. Everyone else might treat you like a delicate little flower, because you’re
“I just… don’t want to be your roadblock. I don’t want to watch you fight something you believe in.”
Steve made no noise when he moved—he never did, not unless he wanted to be heard. And yet, it came as no surprise when he was kneeling in front of Tony the next moment, looking up at him contemplatively. There was suddenly a hand on Tony’s cheek, and a thumb brushing cautiously over his cheekbone.
“Hell yeah,” Bucky whooped, taking hold of Steve’s shoulder to hurl himself upward and grab one of the Iron Legion suits, smashing it to the ground. “Thanks for bringing me. If it weren’t for Tasha, I’d say it’s worth going to jail for.”
was looking around, mostly, while Steve was busy looking at him. Turning his head around didn't feel like a good idea, anyway.
“I’ve never seen him with friends. I guess I never… He seems happy, not so burdened,” Barnes observed. “He’s different from what I remember.”
“No, you’re not,” Tony snarled, as he stood up. “You look like Steve and you smell like Steve and you even talk like Steve. But you’re
After another half hour, Tony stirred. Eyes open the barest fraction, Steve watched him through his lashes, wondering whether he would be angry and upset when he realized where he was, and more importantly: who he was with.
Tony couldn’t help it. He laughed richly when, instead of giving him a real answer, Steve all but started to strip right in front of him, tearing off his boots and socks like they had personally offended him.
“Have you eaten?” Rhodey asked suddenly, reminding Tony, if only for a second, of Jarvis. “You look terrible.”
At that taunt, Tony could practically feel Ultron’s wrath tremble through his code lines, and his attention zeroed in on him. Something inside Ultron changed then, a decision forming.
He heard Tony yell his name, but his voice was muffled and all too-soon, the sounds of punches, repulsor-beams, and knives cutting through the air resounded in the dazed space of Steve’s mind.
Tony moaned, covering the space between them and dropping a kiss on Steve’s neck. He draped both arms around him, and willed himself as close as he could get.
The look in Tony's eyes read as much plea as it did amusement. Steve laughed and shook his head, not letting go of Tony for the time being.
“Gotta stop,” Steve warned and Tony froze for a second, his brown eyes trailing upward. His mouth, however, remained stubbornly locked around him.
Tony looked down at the screen, saw pictures of a person’s NSA file. Only that he didn’t know the man.
Perhaps, all in all, it wasn’t so surprising that they reached a unanimous decision without saying a word. They
, wasn’t much of a surprise. He replayed those last two minutes in his mind, trying to wade through his own admittedly not very straightforward words, but coming up empty.
“He listens to me, you know,” Stane continued. “He will always listen to me. All I have to do is show him that you’ll never be what he needs. He’ll drop you, I just have to say the word.”
—Stane stumbled backwards, and Steve first jabbed his elbow into the man’s guts then slammed his knee against his middle with all the strength he possessed.
Steve shifted at that, but didn’t awaken. And the feel of him moving against Tony’s body, so innocent in his intent, so completely weightless in his rest, unwound Tony from the core.
“Especially here,” Steve went on, looking around the forest. “Here it’s… like a small world of its own, and I know it’s only an illusion, but it’s so easy to forget. As if there’s no other world beyond the forest. Just us.”
Tony said nothing to that; rather looked away again, shame and guilt flooding his insides. It was very clear what Steve was hinting at.
A defiant grin, unbidden, rose to Tony’s lips as he waved at all of them from the doorway. “Hello, everyone,” he said, the words rolling off his tongue strangely. Vision and Wanda nodded their heads in greeting, while Natasha gave him an amused once-over and said a hello.
Tony rolled his eyes, but a small smile took hold of his face as soon as he looked down on their son once more. He cupped Ian’s cheek, chuckling when he leaned into the touch.
“I want it,” he said softly, as he let his thumbs brush along Tony’s cheeks, close to those lips he had yet to taste.
He tried to wind his way out of Stane’s grasp, but the man’s grip was fierce and unyielding. “I won’t leave him,” Steve spat, now pushing back against Stane with his whole body to get away from the window.
A sigh rang through the air, and it wasn’t pleasant. Steve rolled his head back, closing his eyes for a moment. There would be plenty of time to sit down and discuss Natasha’s commitment towards SHIELD once the more important stakes were met. Right now, his only concern rested with the hostages, and he wasn’t about to go wasting more time. “Fine. Just kill the engine first. We’ll handle the rest without you.”
is stupid. Smashing your fingers in the process is a pound short of a penny. Seriously Steve, did I just have a stroke, or are you completely insane now?”
The realization of what he was doing hit Tony like a cold slap to the face. He was bantering. With Steve. He’d fallen into it automatically, like they’d been doing it all the time within those last three years.
It was an indescribable feeling; one of those to look back upon and reflect forever… somewhere between shouts of joy and grins of happiness.
But he knew it was different for Tony. He’d been waiting for this all his life. They’d been friends for all but three weeks when Tony had told him about Jarvis. How he’d been more a father to him than Howard would ever be. How much his passing still hurt Tony. How much he still missed the man.
Steve was regarding him for long moments, his movements led by quiet reserve—as though Tony was precious and fragile, rather than expendable. The air around them burned with novelty and during those next minutes, Tony wanted to open his mouth to put an end to it several times. He wanted to tell Steve that he didn’t need him to hold back, that he didn’t need it slow, but the words just wouldn’t come.
Steve held up a hand. Next to him, Tony set into motion, hurrying over to Ian and gently pulling him out of Natasha’s hands and against his chest.
“I asked the cashier in the last rest stop,” Steve answered easily, before his expression got pensive. “You know, if you’d make yourself a bit more approachable, you’d find out that some people may surprise you.”
Tony hummed in agreement and, after some inner consideration, put a hand on Steve’s right shoulder. “True,” he said, cautiously smiling down at him. He was aware that they were standing on shaky grounds. Hell, Tony was basically jumping up and down on the thin ice of a frozen lake, daring it to break beneath his feet. And he knew there was every chance Steve would go and either laugh at him or give him another one of his ‘I can’t, it’s not right’ speeches.
He’d never done this before, not with a fella, and Tony probably knew, but he didn’t call him out on it. Steve knew the basics, and everything else, Tony guided him through with little gestures and gentle words.
Steve jerked awake, limbs twitching and spasming from the effects of his vision. When he came back to himself, he was sitting on the floor of the Quinjet, and he felt a jolt go through him when he saw Tony’s warm, human brown eyes fixated on him intently. The faceplate of Iron Man’s helmet was up, and Tony’s stare was as piercing as it was worried.
, his mind supplied bitterly, but a person who was legally responsible for Tony's well-being until he was of age. The guy kept gushing over how much he'd been helping Tony all over the news. Steve had recognized him instantly and felt cold fury coil in his chest whenever he thought about that smug face.
“I know,” Tony returned and glanced at Steve, a shadow cast over his outwardly amused expression. “I’m a real comedian.”
Steve let his eyes travel all over Stark Mansion as Tony’s words echoed in his mind. This… this belonged to him now? It couldn’t be possible—not for someone like Steve, who’d never owned more than could easily be stashed in a small backpack.
It was like being a kid all over again; the first thrill of discovery, the majesty of science that had always been so far beyond him. The color flared all the more bright, now pink and orange, vibrant shades of purple. In the distance, the haunting cry of animals paid homage to the sight, their calls increasing in pitch and urgency in response to the chaotic flickering in the sky.
And as for Steve… Well… He might not strictly be straight, but he hadn’t considered men like that, not in a very long while and never with serious intent. Not that he hadn’t ever given it the a thought, but it just… there had always been more important things to think about, and he’d always expected to at least try and date Sharon at some point.
Steve pressed a hand on Tony’s mouth, keeping it there for a second before pulling back. Tony gave him an unimpressed scowl, but his expression gentled when Steve carefully turned them around and settled on top of him.
They sat back down on the couch, and Tony needed moments like these, when they used to open a beer each and talk about everything and and nothing. As if reading Tony’s thoughts, Rhodey walked over to the small fridge and came back with two cokes.
And Steve wouldn’t know. He would never know, much less believe, how much Tony had cared for him. And that Tony was glad, that—if nothing else—Steve had been at his side during their last minutes. Pepper, Rhodey, Happy… they all knew how much Tony cared for them.
Tony sighed heavily as he let his head hang low, straining to maintain some level of control. “What do you want?”
“No, it’s not too late,” Tony amended, his voice cautious. “It’ll be more difficult, especially when we bring Bucky back into the picture.”
Steve frowned and pulled, opening it further and trying to loosen the bottom piece. It took him a moment, but when it came free, his eyes widened as he noticed some sort of secret compartment beneath. There was another pack of letters in there, letters in blazing red envelopes, and underneath … a good few dozen bundles of one hundred dollar notes.
‘Basic medical equipment’ turned out to be two rusty small beds, a wall of cabinets, a few instrument tables, shelves, an old monitor and even older machinery.
Can’t really predict yet when I will be able to post the first CW chapter, but I hope it won’t be too long. Thank you all SO MUCH for reading and commenting and talking to me about the series on Tumblr. <3
To say Steve had been surprised when Carol had asked him to join Rhodes and Tony on the infamous eclipse-road trip would be the understatement of the century. Sure, he was aware that he, Sam, Buck and Natasha were probably just an occupational hazard and Rhodes had really only wanted his girlfriend to come along. Still. After
A calm, controlled breath rolled through his lips. Today had to be it. No more victims would have to find their blood on Ultron’s metal hands.
There was a long beat of silence; any hint of jollity falling from Barnes’ eyes without much incentive. “No,” he said softly. “It just confuses me. I want it but I have trouble grasping all of this. It’s too much, too fast.”
Tony nodded, his face serious. “I sent you all the recent draft, along with commentaries on what changes I still plan to push through. Ross isn’t exactly helpful but the past weeks have shown that it’s something that can be achieved.”
If Steve had been more on top of things, not so fucked out, he might've been able to conceal his reaction to those words. He didn't really know what Tony had meant, but in the context of what had just happened, Steve could only assume Tony was talking about his decision to have sex with him. It stung pretty badly, especially in Steve's vulnerable state. He'd just opened up to Tony in a way he'd never imagined he would with anyone, and this is what the guy had to say right after?
“What do you want me to say?” he asked. “That you like your coffee with a half spoon of sugar, but you always order black coffee for some reason? That you didn’t meet Rhodey at an MIT party, like you always say you did, but while you got stuck in a locker? That you never managed a single deep breath when you still had the arc reactor, or that you like to eat spicy food, though your stomach can rarely handle it…?”
“You are my mission,” Bucky screamed, his fist hovering above Steve, and there was nothing that would make him look more superior in that instant. “YOU… ARE… MY… MISSION!”
Tony wasn’t paying much attention to Dr. Reif, MIT’s president—he didn’t even try pretending. Instead he just stared off into space, blocking whatever Obi had to say, as thoughts about this morning filtered through his mind. He tried not to think about Steve, tried to think about
Tony looked around wildly. He was about to ask what the hell was going on, then stopped when he got his answer in form of a familiar face.
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Tony told him. “I’ve read a few things about… about dream sharing. Most of it is just some weird esoteric bullshit, but there were a few things that made sense. And all of it said that dream sharing is mostly about the two people feeling some kind of connection, and we… we didn’t.”
Steve had a split second to turn around and raise his eyes to the sky, and then he was airborne. Iron Man’s arms wrapped around his middle, pressing them together chest-to-chest before he rose back into the air.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, sure, that’s…” He trailed off and glanced at Steve over his shoulder, a thoughtful frown etched onto his face. “That’s… actually not even a bad idea.”
“We’ll be very cautious. Take baby steps. He still has those attacks, and we’re not sure how he’ll react to new surroundings.”
Not the day he’d blown up that cave in Afghanistan. Not the night he’d killed Obi. Not the time he’d flown a nuke through an interdimensional portal to save New York.
Steve startled hard, letting the shirt fall back down on the backrest of the couch. He turned. “Tony, I… Sorry,” he said, wincing as his cheeks flushed. “I guess I forgot that I don’t—I mean…” He bit his lip, stopping himself as he looked at the ceiling. “I just forgot where my room is. Over the time we have… switched rooms a few times, so… Could you give me directions?”
For two days, it felt as though he was living two lives at once. With Ian, everything was going well, much better than he’d expected. The little nugget had simply wormed his way into their lives and nowadays, Tony couldn’t even remember how he had spend his days without his son at his side. However, Tony couldn’t help thinking on what lay ahead, and even though he thought about it twenty-four-seven, he didn’t know what to do about it.
The late evening sunlight had assumed a strange, almost unreal bluish white tint. The air had gone a little chillier, and all the colors faded; it became darker and darker as at the beginning of a violent storm.
"So that's your five year plan, huh?" he teased, leaning in to nuzzle against Tony's cheek. "Wait it out, then fire him?"
That made Steve laugh. He shook his head and pulled Tony closer against his side, feeling a little better for having laughed. Tony had a way of making things brighter.
Pepper rolled her days. She turned to Tony. “Come on, you promised to reopen the workshop once you’re back home. I’m sure Steve hasn’t seen it yet, either,” she said. Over her shoulder, she said, “Am I right?”
“Come here,” Tony called over from the shower. The bathroom door was still open and Steve could even see Tony’s naked form through the transparent shower door, turning and twisting under the stream of water. “The powder’s off and I promise I’ll make it worth your while.”
Steve shook his head in stubborn denial. “This is different. I knew he wasn’t responding to my words, and I kept pushing. I pushed until he did this to you.”
“—beautiful,” he finished. “You’re perfectly beautiful.” He raised a brow when he felt Steve tremble. “This is new for you, isn’t it?”
about him that he doesn’t want to be known. And he has been a… considerable annoyance while I was working on the repulsor engines. Kept me busy so I wouldn’t look too much left or right. Makes sense now, of course.”
She startled somewhat, and glanced up at him. Her eyes briefly flickered back to the van, but eventually, she shook her head with a smile. “Nothing,” she said. “Just a weird train of thought.”
Tony knew it was only a matter of time before some captured HYDRA agent spoke to the press. Or one of SHIELD’s, or even someone from SI who’d noticed when JARVIS had brought Barnes into Stark Tower. In any case, someone
Steve nodded and furrowed his brows, when he noticed the dark circles framing Tony’s eyes, the tired expression, the rumpled clothes. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s body and held him close in a tight embrace. His hands slipped underneath the tail of his shirt, slid them along the smooth skin of his back, rubbing the surely sore muscles there.
Steve’s gaze lingered, and he might or might not have squeezed Tony’s gauntlet before raising himself to his feet. “Ready. Tony—”
Steve rolled his eyes, and in that moment, he realized, they were both trying to stave off the inevitable moment of putting Ian to bed in his own room. At times like this, he wanted his son no farther away than the reach of his hand.
expected, though, was to find Tony comfortably lounging on the workshop couch, a towel thrown over his head, while Bruce was sitting next to him and giving him what looked a lot like a foot rub.
Tony held up a hand, and Bucky felt both a sense of calm appreciation as well as terribly out of place.
“I’m old,” Tony replied, but the sorrow was gone from his voice. There was still a note of uncertainty, but Steve was determined to make him forget about their age difference as soon as possible. It didn’t matter to him, not in the slightest, and he’d do everything in his power to make Tony understand.
“We need to figure out a way to deal with this,” Steve said quietly as he approached Tony. “What do we do now? Tony,
Tony opened the zipper of Steve’s pants, and pushed a hand inside his boxers, pumping the length of Steve’s cock in slow, tantalizing strokes. Tightening his grip around his erection, Tony pushed Steve on his back. Steve let him have his way and only leaned up on his elbows somewhat. He drew his own tee over his head, while Tony rid both of them of the rest of their clothes.
He breathed in the scent of Tony's hair and the tangy musk of their love making. His ass felt fine, as he'd expected, which… was a shame. One of the rare opportunities where superhuman healing would get in the way instead of being a massive improvement in his life.
God, Tony really needed him inside, and he could tell from the look on his face that Steve needed to be there just as badly. Leaning forward, Steve kissed him feverently. His hands cupped Tony’s middle to lift him up, then his fingers slid into him, stretching him with measured movements.
“I should go on a little longer,” Steve said, but Tony was having none of it. He pulled Steve in and they came together in a frenzy; mouths pressed together, arms entangled.
The power the Detective held over him was terrifying enough. And once upon a time, Tony might have wished to be more than just his partner. Not anymore. Because Tony knew that if he kept going like this, there would be nothing left of him. Nothing that Steve didn’t own or control. And with as good and righteous as Steve was, Tony couldn’t allow himself to fall that hard for him.
A few minutes later, the heavenly scent of coffee warmed the air. In his other hand, Rhodey carried a sandwich, and immediately, Tony’s stomach turned.
So instead of letting Tony touch him, he leaned back against the wall, pressing his eyes closed. He raised his knees, setting his forehead on top of it, and tried to calm down. The vision haunted every corner of his mind, as though he was bleeding internally for every one of the lives Tony had taken in this… nightmare.
“Hello, darling,” Tony said through the helmet’s modulator, before the faceplate opened up and he looked at him with no barrier between them.
They were two weeks into the whole ‘dating’ thing, and aside for some serious first base action, they hadn’t done
“So, uh, you’re Thor,” Sam said, and there was the familiar disbelief clearly written all over his face as he took in Thor’s attire: Cape, Asgardian battle armor, hammer (which was currently dangling from the goddamn storage rack on the ceiling, next to a couple of saucepans), it was all there. Tony couldn’t really blame Sam for his blatant staring. They’d all been there at one point or another. “As in… the Thunder God,” Sam went on. He was moving about the kitchen, collecting ingredients for what Tony assumed would be a better breakfast than he’d had in weeks.
Steve could tell that Tony was trying not to grin, shielding his eyes as he looked away. “So you’re not gonna kick me in the head and run out of here, virtue fluttering.”
Tony’s eyes softened imperceptibly. He shrugged. “Not really tired. Your ghosts spooked me pretty good.”
“They can’t do that.” Bucky’s features hardened, his eyes going unexpectedly cold as he looked at Steve. “This isn’t your fault. We're not going to let them do that, right?”
The man clapped his hands together in the manner of an excited child. “Yes, yes!” he said happily. “What else do you know?”
true. Steve had more or less always been attracted to both dames and gents, but with the war raging on, it wasn’t something he gave much thought to. It wasn’t important, and in any case, even if he would consider men like that, Tony clearly wasn’t someone who would have something to do with Steve. He was wearing an obviously very expensive suit, with an even more expensive watch at his wrist and sharp-looking features.
The sun was barely breaking the horizon when the Quinjet circled over the small forest, searching for a landing spot. Tony refused to look at any of the others, especially avoiding Steve’s eyes, as he opened the rear hatch and stepped out onto moist grass.
And Steve tried with everything in him not to look at Tony—he didn’t want to look. But on their own volition, his eyes rose, traveling up the slim body until they finally rested on Tony’s face.
Next to him, Tony inhaled audibly, sniffing the air. It was decidedly chilly, and after the storm—utterly, utterly clean.
Tony nodded, taking a deep breath. “I never thought I was capable of ending a life, I still… a part of me still doesn’t know how it happened. The day was… there was nothing special to it. It was… it was
Steve frowned. He guessed they were talking about the expedition that found him, but for some reason, he’d assumed it had been a SHIELD-issued operation. Apparently, that wasn’t the case.
“The next part might hurt a bit,” Tony explained gently, touching his fingers to Steve’s skin. “You can still say no.”
“What is that?” Steve took the tablet Tony’d offered, glancing at it quickly. His expression didn’t change much when his eyes scanned the lines. Only the telltale twitch in his jaw showed that he’d immediately grasped what exactly this was about. “Where’d you get this?” he asked quietly.
So he ignored Tony. Which instantly made Tony edgy. Which, after a while, made Tony brooding and sullen and ultimately, his expression had darkened into something entirely not good.
Tony lay against the tractor in all kinds of shades of exhaust. His legs were taut but remained bound around Steve’s waist, his arms linked behind his throat. And they lay contentedly, hugging each other for long quiet minutes while enjoying one last peaceful afterglow before they’d have to step out.
And without preamble, Steve felt something hard crash in his chest. This was no reunion, this was Tony bidding him goodbye. With that realization, everything that had been agonizing him for days erupted with a choked gasp, and there was nothing else. Nothing but Tony. The taste of him fogging Steve’s senses. His arms around Steve, holding his body as his tongue explored his mouth, fighting him in the only way they knew. Steve didn't realize that they had moved until his back hit the wall. Didn't matter. He couldn't stop kissing Tony.
Despite his lack of sleep, Steve felt strangely alert. Too alert to go to bed—at the least that was the excuse he was going for right now.
“Make sure to take the right door,” Sam added. “This place is ridiculous. I already got lost twice.”
Tony’s eyes went wide as his faceplate was splattered with blood. Not his—but still. He let out a gasp and looked down. The explosion had done its fair share of destruction, mostly on his own armor, and the HUD went black as he fell to the ground.
“Yeah. You know, that… big college campus that spreads all over the city? I think there’s another pretty famous college around, you know, something with technolo—
“The thermometer’s in the cabinet,” Sam told them from the sidelines. He had Ian on his left leg, bouncing him and laughing when Ian giggled happily.
"I guess I was doing the same thing to you. I wanted…" He paused, grasping for a proper way to express this. "I
In many ways, he looked a lot like the man he’d been back then, physically exhausted and sleep-deprived, and on the other hand, he was someone else entirely.
“Well, I heard that’s his job, isn’t it?” Steve countered, satisfied with how matter-of-factly his voice sounded.
She always did this, shielding her emotions when they threatened to show too much. He never berated her, knowing far too well that some habits were hard to let go of. And while it didn’t happen often, there were those moments when Natasha let him see all of her, and that was enough.
“Water!” Tony echoed, and yes, he was almost sure there were a few water bottles in his fridge. Pepper had at some point added it to the shopping list and—jup, there it was. “Coming right up,” he called over and followed Steve to the couch.
It was always like this, Steve thought grimly, given the government’s propensity for exerting control over their initiatives. They weren’t likely to relinquish it now, even if Tony agreed to comply with their orders.
He didn’t know what he dreaded more, exactly. Saying goodbye to this version of Steve—or meeting his Steve again.
“Pepper I grant you, but that’s not on you, buddy. You’re only friends with Pepper because she’s a saint and actually made an effort of looking past your bullshit. You
?” he asked, and great, he was yelling now. The reasonable part of his brain was calmly trying to tell him that he was overreacting and that Steve only worried about him, but that part was small and surrounded by a lot of alcohol.
Steve smiled—a stranger’s smile—but the open relief in his eyes was beautifully familiar. “I’ll be there.”
Chuckling, Steve shifted a little. "Sure, let's get the day started. I'm sure Jarvis will be happy for the chance to feed you." He slid from under Tony, careful not to jostle him too much, and stood up, stretching. He didn't care that he was naked now anymore than he did when he'd woken up from the nightmare. Once he and Tony had established that level of intimacy, he was relaxed about it.
“I know you think we could never work it out,” Steve whispered, as he stepped up to Tony fully, coming to a halt just in front of him. “I understand that. We had plenty of chances to hurt each other and we took them. We’ve been a mess.”
Wohoo! It's done! I always wanted to write a wilderness survival story and I had a blast writing this one. Hope you guys enjoyed it!
He needed to keep it together. There was still a war to be fought, and they finally had a lead on Arnim Zola. Tomorrow, they’d lead a stealth attack on one of HYDRA’s trains, and maybe they’d finally make some headway of getting to Schmidt.
“For getting him out there. For doing what I couldn’t.” She smiled slightly. “For not listening to me when I told you it was hopeless. For being that stubborn.”
“Kiss me,” Tony said, tunneling his fingers into his hair, looking almost drunk and beautiful and on the verge of coming.
Only then, Steve realized that Tony was wearing a traditional funeral suit, with a solid black tie, and a white shirt beneath. It could be a coincidence, of course, but something in Tony’s stature told Steve it wasn’t.
And he hurt Steve, too. It seemed they couldn’t take one step without destroying each other. Yet, there were some things that were worth the hurt and always would be.
"So that's what you're doing down there?" Steve asked on a smile of his own. He walked over to the workstation and deposited the food there before approaching the creeper, and the incomplete suit—a marvel he'd rarely had the chance to see anywhere but with Tony in it. "I thought you'd be at the station," he said, indicating towards it with his head.
Eventually, he supposed, it didn’t matter. And it was beside the point, because Tony was going to get his husband back.
Tony turned towards him. “I already told you. It doesn’t have to be our future. We’re free people… with free wills. You can stop worrying about it.”
“He’s a dick,” Bucky said matter-of-factly. “But so are you, most of the time. You, uh… love him, right?”
He couldn’t picture them talking like this while in the same room, at least not like they used to. That last time when they’d had a fairly civilized conversation—when Tony had put Roosevelt’s fountain pen in front of him, asking him to sign the Act—they’d both been keenly aware of each other’s body language, of every facial expression, however marginal. And that conversation hadn’t exactly gone well.
All of it was suddenly so real. Too real. Because, as painful as it would have been to know that Bucky had died in Italy—it was so much worse to see what he had become. His friendly features hardened with cruelty; his eyes jaded. Not Bucky at all, but just his body, just a host for what HYDRA had turned him into.
“And a shower and new clothes couldn’t hurt,” added Clint. He motioned to Barnes’ torn and filthy pants, to the grime and blood that still streaked his arm and face.
The sudden intrusion nearly startled Steve out of his skin. He jumped and turned, unable to say or do anything when he saw Stane walking in, his cane firmly in hand.
“No fucking,” Steve scolded softly and all-too-chastely kissed his cheek. “I’m not gonna ‘fuck’ you, Tony. It’s—”
The pork had tasted really good last night and wasn’t half bad this morning either. They sat next to each other, eating in pointed silence, and Steve felt his good mood vaporizing.
DUM-E wheeled over to Steve, only stopping when he'd bumped into him, making him chuckle and sit down again. He watched as DUM-E came closer and lifted his arm, revealing a plain white envelope pasted to the main strut.
Tony jolted upwards, almost hitting his head on one of the suit’s leg plates. He was lying on a creeper down on the floor on the far side of the workshop, his arms raised up and elbow deep in the newest Iron Man suit. Letting go of the cables he’d meant to link to the right foot, he looked up and dragged the goggles back on his hair.
“No,” Steve blurted, his hands settling on Tony’s hips without much thought. “Just keep doing that.”
The fact he’d also agreed to handle reconstruction duties for the government as well as paying for a major part of it had probably weighed heavily in the Avengers’ favor.
“You’re coming with us?” Steve asked. He’d thought Bucky might, but he hadn’t wanted to count on it, and he pushing him felt wrong.
“He will. I have zero doubt about that. And just for the record… you two have my support—even then. Tony can be an ass, but—” He shrugged. “The good kind, right?”
And there was something in Steve’s eyes that shouldn’t be there anymore. Something they’d lost the day they parted ways at SHIELD’s headquarters.
Steve sighed and closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the wall of the elevator. The irony of it all was that he had known this would happen. They were living in a veiled world and just like the rest, Steve did nothing to break free. Working for SHIELD meant that a need-to-know basis had to be enough, and somewhere along the way, this force had manifested within him—and he’d become nothing but a shell of the man who’d come to Washington three months ago.
“Now that you did, you might as well make use of it,” she said, sliding her tongue over her dry lips. Steve smiled at her words and handed her the glass of water, watching her drink. She remembered him. Today was a good day, then.
“No,” Clint agreed. “Do I sometimes wanna punch you people in the face hard?” he asked, grinning. “Sure. But this thing we got here—it’s good.”
There was a scuffle and a hasty retreat. Only when the doors closed did Steve’s eyes drop back to Tony’s.
“Yeah,” Tony said, blindly reaching for the small foil package next to his hand. Tearing it open, he leaned up a little, balancing his weight on one elbow while he rolled the condom over Steve.
