"That ain't..." Except for Bucky that
"I dunno. These future people are weird no matter what world ya go ta."
"We thought it was better to let you sleep," Lokes commented without even looking over his shoulder. "Agent Carter was in charge of making sure none of the others ran amok in the meantime."
There was still a light-show going on in what had become the
“What?”
So going to their world wouldn't be the end of his. It would make Steve happy, would make his kids and the New Avengers and the Defenders happy. Everyone would be thrilled and the adults would probably be making merry long into the night. He might even enjoy himself if he could just loosen the fuck up and get over his stupid fears. It was just that they felt like a team, like family. Tony was even pretty sure none of them would leave him to die in an icy bunker, which was new. New and
It took him a beat to respond, because talking to Tony always drove everything else from his brain and he needed to finish the line he was drawing before that happened. "Yeah? Need me to hold or lift something for ya?"
, pops."
Steve's eyes automatically went to his lover, and he saw the merit in the suggestion. Tony was grey under his tan, near to drooping with exhaustion. His left arm was back in a sling after FRIDAY had tattled the man's vitals to the medical team. There were cuts and bruises littered on what skin he could see - none of them had gotten away unscathed. Rogers was still fussing over Bucky, and Carol was watching over both Frank and Tokra who were the worst wounded. Even Harley's right knee was in a brace, and Steve was sure there were contusions all over his son's body that he hadn't been told about. He wanted to take them
even as it tried to fight back. "Wow. Okay. Maybe I
"Do you remember when we met?"
for you,
“Thinking is all I have left to me in the whole of this cruel world. You and everyone else have turned against me and taken away every interesting activity. Except Clint, but I'm only allowed to look at screens for… they upped it to what, half an hour at a time? I’m in the rest period from the DS And he took all the other fun stuff so it didn't get confiscated. I am suffering here, Steve, and none of you will let me go home.”
"Hm."
"That's not gonna help him get better, is it?"
"And if words fail? You have all made Rogers sound like some sort of guard dog - if I'm going to try to help Bucky I'll have to go through him. I am willing to do so." Another slow shrug that emphasized muscles a lot of people on the internet seemed to drool over. "How that happens is up to him."
trusted me, and I used that against ya didn't I?"
"... fine. Been learnin' about articulated manipulators and such from STAR - she wants ta build a robot'n that's your fault. She says articulation is real important. Mentioned some stuff about prismatic joints and Cartesian topology--"
Maverick - who I now knew was 'Steve' - came in shortly after. I don't know what I was expecting when it came to him, but I almost had a heart-attack when we came face-to-face. I was absolutely sure Steve Rogers had entered the room, somehow shrunk down into a pocket sized version. Maverick has always looked smaller than the other heroes on the field, but he only just comes up to my shoulder in person.
"I know." He ran his fingers through Tony's hair as he thought, turning an idea over in his head. "Ya know... Shellhead'n them aren't bein' quite as smotherin'. And nobody in the media over there'd know ta interview us about what happened. I bet if we stayed at the mansion for a day or two ta give Lokes'n Shellhead a chance ta mother us, they'd prob'ly let us take a vacation after without any fuss."
"Harls. Are you... are you saying what I think you're saying? I mean, you've got to know that you don't have to--"
Not with the way his baby girl was already in the classic Iron Man pose - she was ready to take aim and fire. He had a feeling Steve was there too.
was quick to give him a little squeeze and make a shushing sound. “I’ll never go back there without ya Tony. They all… everyone wants ta meet ya. I’ve been talkin’ ya up for so long most of them feel like they already know ya. So if I go ta visit then you’re comin’ with me.”
"I'm on it, Tony." He had thought he would be intensely jealous of the other him, because 'Shellhead' had gotten to spend so much more time with Steve. The two of them had had years together while he'd only gotten a measly handful of months. They had a whole relationship that part of him had feared was more than friendship. Even with the other him showing appalling taste by dating
“First of all, ya don’t need him that bad. There’s other people that’ll help ya. Has ta be. So start there. Second, even if ya did need him that ain’t no excuse for his behavior. Maybe I won’t kill him but we are gonna have some words.”
"Hey doll," he started one morning two weeks after his return. Harley was with Tony and all the 'bots were off in another room making a surprise for their pops. That meant he was alone with Fri and could start getting all the answers that would let him move forward. "Can I talk ta ya for a bit?"
"Passing? Tony, come on - I know you've seen the pictures. Howard had to have kept them. And when I saw him come out of the tower a couple days ago to go to that yogurt place--"
"Yeah?"
a part of any--"
Soul was certain of what that choice would be regardless. No Stone wanted to be captured and bent to another's will. They were their own masters; there was no one left who was worthy of wielding them the way Thanos and so many longed to.
Brucie still turned a little green every time he entered the room, so Tony knew he was in for a lecture from his science bro later. Mostly because he could actually understand the x-rays that had gotten thrown up. He would know exactly how not fine Tony sometimes was after battles.
"What can I do for you, J?"
"Because--"
“Okay, that is not even close to the most important… c’mon, dad’s gonna be down soon. I need you to focus, Iron Mom!”
to me and I know I messed up but... but... Look, if you could just get him to give me another chance I
"I cannot believe
"Ugh. Fine. Your boring ass only needs to check in once a day. At least. Tony, I'm trusting you to make sure he does."
"Really?" The smile pressed against his neck only fueled him to continue and hide a smile of his own in tousled brown hair.
"Whatever ya say, Tony. Whatever ya say."
"We live here."
Thor seemed to think he needed cheering up though, because the god wrapped an arm around his shoulders and pulled him close. There was an awful lot of cuddling going on. It was nice even if he didn't have his top choice of fella to be cuddling with. Better than nice, actually - he'd spent so long feeling alone that being close to people he trusted was still both wonderful and novel. So maybe he was a little green over how damn lucky Rhodes was, but it was hard to be really upset. He was surrounded by friends that were almost family, Tony had touched his arm, and even with Rhodes there the genius was still looking and smiling at Steve.
"I've got this, Rhodes. Captain, stand down or I will put you down."
Thank fuck the Nightmare Beast had grabbed one of the Iron Legion next, because his poor AI armor was slowly
So when Steve burst into the workshop, red-faced and with what looked like neon purple slime splashed over most of his clothes, Tony didn’t miss a beat. He didn’t waste time with questions or wondering - though he had a lot of the first for Clint later - and manfully kept in his laughter. In fact he didn’t even let Steve yell the way he clearly wanted to before butting right in.
He anticipated it being a fight, because Tony never liked to admit that he was only human and sometimes needed to stop pushing so hard. Tony might not want to leave the boys either, especially since their other kids weren't even at home. He might even try denying that he'd never be able to let go and relax while in the same vicinity as Wanda. Steve's job was to get him to relent, because there wasn't anything more they could do at the compound and they both deserved a night spent cuddling in their own bed.
Clint sometimes wandered off for a few days at a time too, and he hated it. When Nat vanished for more than a few hours without telling him anxiety crawled over his skin and settled in his stomach. Bruce was usually around, thank Christ, or he would really panic - the mild mannered scientist was incredibly good at disappearing. He knew it was stupid of him, but he couldn't help it. He didn't like losing any of them to anything, even when it was temporary.
“What if—“
"Ya really are a genius." The tease went unanswered, because the man claimed his mouth in another demanding kiss. That was fine though. He'd get Steve back later.
For his Tiny Adorable Steve, he guessed he could put himself out there one last time. And if this was real? If his
See? They're both so interesting. We brought you here to stop Thanos.
"Yeah, well. I'm still not sold on the whole therapy thing, so..."
"You just invited a bunch of tree-rats to live with us," Tony breathed in his ear as Doreen thought hard about whether or not to tell them where she'd been staying before running away. "Tree-rats and a toddler."
And then they were gone. They left behind a silence that sat for a little while, and then Tiny Adorable Steve heaved a sigh. That was their cue to all drift away to their respective tasks. Tony though, he drifted right on over to Steve.
The erratic, alien tempo of his heart continued to be horrifying.
“Really, Master Clint. I would hardly call these precautions.”
"We can even work on that, if you want. Workshop design I mean. I'm thinking a floor or two away from this one--"
how many epic pranks I'm going to be able to pull off at SHIELD?" The way Clint started to cackle probably should have been worrying, but instead Tony felt a manic grin stretch over his own lips. "Those baby agents aren't going to know what hit them. Oh man. This is gonna be so good. Do you think I could get Fury's office? Getting around Hill won't be easy, but it might be worth it to try... hey, could you stick a timer or something on some of these? If three of them were to go off in, say, the training room during drills for the higher ups--"
That didn’t stop him from leaning even more heavily against the blond with a soft sigh.
"Nice to finally meet you, Tiny Adorable Steve," the teen drawled, and even if he was a good eighty or so years older than the kid he still felt a blush creeping up the back of his neck and over his cheeks. "I hear you rock a pair of yellow rubber gloves."
"Sirs?" Warmth flooded him at the thought of JARVIS giving him the same title as Tony. It was sort of like already being married. God, Tony wanted to get married within a year and he could hardly process the fact that he was getting what he'd wanted for so, so long.
"My heart weeps for ya."
Captain Danvers ordered Rogers to hang up the phone; he refused. The team leaders of the other parties in the conversation had already been notified. Both Wilson and Barton left the call when their superior told them too, Maximoff similarly refused. Both were ordered again, with Rogers contradicting these direct orders and issuing his own to Maximoff to stay on the line while he 'worked things out'. After a warning that further refusal to comply would result in disciplinary action, a third order was given. Rogers again refused, and when Captain Danvers cut the call using the training facility's VI he accused her of being in cahoots with Loki Laufeyson. On being reminded that Loki is now an ally of the New Avengers, he broke into a rant that contained continued disrespect toward both Captain Danvers and Loki alongside more claims that Tony Stark is in danger and only he (Rogers) can save him. After Rogers showed he was incapable of controlling his outburst, Captain Danvers forcibly escorted him to his rooms where he was contained until he had calmed enough to engage in a discussion about his behavior.
drunk when I finished Dum-E, to the point where I hardly remember doing it, and when I was working on U I had a minor coke problem, and Butterfingers is the most normal of any of them and he's still always stealing shit so clearly I fucked up somehow. But you don't... you treat them like, you know. People. Really excitable and possibly dumb people, but still. You talk
"Okay! We are almost there. Now, lady and gentleman, please stop walking forward--"
"Thought you'd never ask."
. He was going to have to check in with his lover later. "Neither of you Steves is invited." He turned on his heel and made to leave the room, though he did wait in the doorway for Bucky to join him. When Rogers - who still seemed on the verge of blowing a gasket - tried to follow first, Bucky settled a hand on his arm.
, been
"Pops? Breathe." A steadying hand rested between his shoulder blades, and Harley's concerned eyes were suddenly in front of his."This ain't a bad thing! Nobody's mad or nothin', okay? I just... I just figured one of ya should know."
only wanting to make sure he didn't get kicked out, for example, or a thing that was
"Come on, Stevie.
“Aww, cookie crumble.” Steve turned bright red the way Tony had hoped he would, still not used to the affectionate nicknames he lavished on his friends. “I didn’t know you cared.” It was a lie, because of course Steve cared.
"I think ya woulda been just fine."
"Huh. Really?"
released from medical. His team seemed pretty determined to keep him there for the doctor recommended length of time, which was lame. Fractured ribs, head wounds and minor to major blood loss were nothing new in his life as Iron Man even if he didn’t deign to share every incident of them happening with everyone. Steve and Clint in particular had seemed horrified by the doctor’s report though, so he had a feeling he was in for serious check-ups after every battle for a while. Nat had been blank-faced with concern while Thor merely grumbled something about vulnerable mortals and apples - he’d been too loopy with pain meds to really process words.
It all made him miss his own team with a fierce, unrelenting ache. He'd tried to hide it from Tony, but he was pretty sure his fella saw right through him. He was good enough not to say anything though, and he never brought up the way Steve had taken to turning the device Shellhead and Lokes had given to him over and over in his fingers before bed. He wanted to see them again, wanted to introduce them all to the family he and Tony had built... but he was afraid.
"... yeah. Okay." Harley stepped on his hat on the way over to the bed but didn't even notice it. All his attention was on the injured, and it was very hard to believe the kid wasn't Tony's. Their features weren't a perfect match maybe, but there was a similar spark in their eyes and Harley carried himself almost exactly like his fella. He was pretty sure he could read the teen because he was so good a reading Tony, and he briefly wondered if maybe there were secrets that his lover had never told him. "We're supposed to have a connection."
Steve  was quiet for a minute, eyes searching his like he'd be able to read his mind. "It ain't all... but I can stop pushin' if ya want. I'll stop askin' and just kiss ya silly before we put ya in that hospital gown that gives too many people too nice-a view, one that only I oughta get ta see."
"Not really - it's just not something I do in front of other people. Ever. Well, Rhodey's the exception, obviously, and I buy massive amounts of shoes to keep Pep quiet about anything she stumbles upon me doing down here." Which was money well fucking spent and much more likely to work than a standard issue NDA. "J probably has videos for his blackmail folder - yeah, don't think I don't know about that or about how Rhodey got those photos of me, you traitor - but honestly this is peanuts compared to everything else he has. But you? Uh-uh. Oh no. You don't get to leave this room until you gimme some dirt on you so that we're even."
Tony turned on his heel, fury and hurt radiating from him in waves as he paced. Part of him hated that he'd had to confront Tony about this, because it was so clearly part of everything that had led up to him being abandoned in Siberia. It was all wrapped up in layers of self-loathing, betrayal and pain. It was... it was a lot to handle, and poor Peter Parker had been unlucky enough to be caught up in that toxic mixture as it all imploded. None of this was really about the teen who was Spider-Man.
As Soul left the little Mechanic's body, it snagged onto Thanos' soul instead, dragging what remained of his essence into the pocket dimension that was its own. Thanos did not deserve the tender mercy of Death's realm; Soul would keep him close until he understood the error of his ways. Then someday, perhaps, she would have two Stonekeepers instead of one.
"Nah. You should though. Ask him I mean. Don't know why you've waited this long if I'm being honest."
mine first. So I will have to kill you if your jealousy hurts him. Them's the rules."
It took a few minutes before she stopped sniffing at the offering on the ground between them and actually ate it. The second went down the hatch faster, but she balked when he got his hand too close to her with the third piece. It was a slow, cautious dance the two of them were doing, but Steve was pretty sure it would be worth it.
"None of it. Thanks for your help."
"I never should have taken him to Berlin."
and he'd never been good being anything other than an ass when he was in pain. Lashing out kept people from looking too close after all. If he could just piss Steve off enough then they wouldn't have to have a conversation about their feelings before the guy left, and he wouldn't have to hear any more empty promises that would only get his hopes up.
"Mmm. And maybe, you know. I mighta..." Tony's inquisitive, beyond-pleased hum cut through his embarrassment. And really what the fuck did he have to be embarrassed about? "I started trying to design a wedding ring for you too." The man in his arms went completely still, breath catching audibly. Hoping like hell he wasn't making a huge mistake, he swallowed hard and kept going. "Because I do want forever with you. I know I'm not... that we haven't..."
"He's not good with goodbyes," Shellhead told him quietly. "And he likes Winghead a lot. I think he's always had a hard time making friends, and the two of them clicked pretty well once he came to live in the mansion. And I know you don't... look. He's not perfect, but he's
, Tony, and not a gallery either) he never let his face drop into the scowl Tony was so used to seeing. His own grin was stretched from ear to ear, and there was a warm, happy feeling in the region of his heart that he couldn't force himself to ignore. So what if he was being emotional? Captain America wanted to be his friend. Howard Stark could suck it.
Who was tying himself to an old man about to be pinned and stitched together with printed tissue. It was a patch job that wouldn't last, and they were going to have to say goodbye before too much longer.
"Sir, Captain Rogers is demanding he and the rogue Avengers be allowed to come and, in his words, save you."
On nights when Fury weeded out the guest list to get maximum manipulation for his buck, Steve stuck pretty damn close to either him or Bruce. Nobody fucking messed with Bruce Banner at the little soirees, not even when Captain America was clearly using him as a shield. Tony was so good at distracting anyone who came over that they usually walked away smiling and without saying much to Steve at all.
But the butler he loved more than his father had only been able to show his love in small ways. Most of them weren't physical and he knew he had been touch-starved by the time he got to Rhodey. His best friend had done a lot to fix that, but then he'd left to go shoot up the bad guys and protect world peace or whatever the hell. That was when he'd really fallen into debauchery, trying desperately to make up for the giant Rhodey-shaped hole in his life in the only way he knew how.
"Hey, so Pegs said ya were cleared ta start handlin' weapons."
“You’re a good friend.” Steve’s breath was still fluttering over his ear, and fuck - did the blond not realize how close he was? He couldn’t know what that was doing to Tony or he’d yank back in disgust, so he needed to get his damned libido under control.
Looking back, Tony could admit that he had been lonely. Not to anyone else or even out loud, but at least to himself he acknowledged it. He hadn't had an abundance of friends, and most of his 'peers' had been at least seven or eight years older than him. It hadn't fostered a lot of healthy relationships, which was why Rhodey was something of a miracle. Jarvis had been more than a miracle - Jarvis had fucking
He wanted to protest, wanted to demand that Tony stop and stay so they could talk this out... but he also knew his fella. Tony needed time to process,
"You mean--"
When he rolled to the right to haul himself out of bed, he saw that some thoughtful soul (Tiny Adorable Steve, no doubt) had left a glass of water and a few painkillers on the nightstand for him. From the color and imprint, he could tell they were the kind that wouldn't ease his pain as much but would leave him clear-headed instead of groggy and disoriented. He'd need all his wits about him to spar verbally with Shellhead and Lokes, so he was thankful for the choice Steve had made for him.
Things had clearly been worse than he'd known. He was so kicking Captain America's ass.
was still holding him. Some days he would swear that he could feel his lover's head tucked under his chin, could smell the peppermint of the shampoo Steve had preferred. Tiny Adorable Steve's ghost haunted him almost constantly, so he didn't think anyone could blame him for being more than half sure that when he opened his eyes, Steve would be gone.
"We've done the scans. You've seen them and I know you understand them. There isn't any damage there either. I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do. Their vitals are strong, their wounds are healed, they just... aren't waking up. Even your magic users haven't been able to figure it out. There isn't anything for it but to wait." Helen laid one hand on his arm, and she was so right it made him want to throw up. Nobody could figure it out, and there wasn't... there wasn't anything they could do. "I truly am sorry James. If there was anything--"
The rest of the players in their little drama faded away as he turned around, suddenly desperate to spot his lover. He didn't know exactly how he felt about all of this but he was pretty sure he knew how
"Well... since I already did that and we both want forever, I'm thinking we might as well fuck that ten year plan up even more. Though really it sounds like it was more two different but related five year plans."
"Disconcerting."
It was done reluctantly and they maybe started kissing again a couple more times, but eventually they were able to separate and look down at their son. In his claw he was very daintily clutching that bouquet of flowers, offering them to Steve. Blushing like crazy and completely unable (and unwilling) to do anything about it, he accepted them with one hand and brought them to his nose to get a whiff of their scent.
Hey guys! So. Today is not Sunday, and this is... not the chapter I meant to post. But I struggled, really, really hard with the chapter that was supposed to come next, and might continue to do so for a while. I still wanted to get something up in this story, and it felt like a good time to do something just a little bit different.
He'd seen in the movies how sometimes the main character would just prop their chin in one hand and sigh longingly while staring at their love interest; it took everything he had not to do just that. He still felt like maybe Tony would see little cartoon hearts dancing around his head. Nat assured him that he was very obvious about his pining and was just as sure that the genius had no idea. She called him pathetic in Russian every time he brought up the hopelessness of the situation, but she would also pet his hair and make him a medovik cake whenever he was feeling especially upset by it.
Answering that question would probably get his
He'd maybe developed a
"So don't," Tony muttered against his mouth before sighing and pulling away. "What is it Fri-baby? What new disaster is about to fuck everything up?" The man sounded so tired, so resigned. He had no idea what was going on but he already wanted to kick the snot out of whoever was causing Fri to sound both hesitant and amused.
"Yes."
Also, on Thursday I got up enough courage to ask someone out for the first time in my 31 years of existence, and they said no, so. Instead of finishing up the editing that night when I was free I had to eat some ice cream, cry, and hope that I didn't make the guy feel so awkward he stops volunteering at the place where we met. ;.;
"FRIDAY received a suspicious package addressed to Mister Stark," Pepper interrupted in full-on Ice Queen of the Boardroom mode. "As there had been a recent attempt on his life, the package was destroyed as a matter of security."
"I can feel you seething," his lover murmured against his collar bone. "And while I find it sexy I'm not up to sexing you up just yet so if you could tone it down that'd be great. Hmmm... can't wait until we can do that again. Gotta learn you all over again, Tiny Muscley Steve."
"Why didn't you?" he asked, ignoring the way they were both dancing around actually saying the word love. For the moment, anyway. "I thought I messed things up. I know at medical I was a little intense--"
"And Tappy has a family he doesn't want to leave behind either." Brown eyes filled with tears, and he wished he knew if hugs were welcomed or not. "You aren't supposed to leave family behind."
Steve was a good guy - he’d make someone a great boyfriend. Once the thought didn’t make him want to break things, he decided as he drifted off, he was going to find someone worthy of dating Steve. It was just a shame that couldn’t ever be him.
, Peter. Long as ya don't let it stop you from doin' what's gotta be done. And you kicked ass today little brother. So don't beat yourself up, okay?"
"Rhodey said I should ask you out."
"May I be on your side, Ms. Potts? I prefer to win."
This chapter was SUPPOSED to be the fight against Thanos, but with what's going on in my country right now I am struggling very hard with action scenes. Writing violence in this moment feels wrong and puts me in a bad place. I've been trying since last week to get the fight done, and the attempts left me drained, sad, and with a handful of words each time that were never very good.
Rogers stared at him for a long second, then sneered and stormed out of the room. He left a smear of blood behind on the doorknob, which someone was bound to ask questions about. He looked to the knife that had caused the injury and hoped like hell that Rogers hadn't gone to the range. Heaven help the bastard if he provoked Winter while he had a gun in his hand. Hopefully Rogers had just run to Carol to complain about their presence and maybe demand she get rid of them.
Demon-dogs howled and screeched when the missiles exploded inside the first vessel. It also seemed to set off a chain reaction of other, smaller explosions; Tony probably could have gotten away with using lasers instead of a unibeam. But the beam was way more awesome, so he activated it and flew around the petal in a tight, slow spiral; the alien metal was tougher than anything he had access to on earth, but it still buckled under his beam after a few moments of resistance.
"Sometimes. For a week or two, and that only when ya feel like ya have to. Your floor of the tower is empty more often than not these days. It's where I go to make out with my dates, pops," the kid added flatly when he tried to lodge another protest. "That's how often you aren't there."
Sometimes though... sometimes he thought it meant something, the way Tony was usually pretty quick cuddle close when the occasion presented itself. They were always on the little loveseat during team movie nights, the one that wasn't near big enough for two grown men to sit on without pressing in tight together. Maybe it meant something that Tony never pushed him away when he slipped a snug arm around the man's waist or settled a hand low on his back.
Actually he thought the look on his face probably matched Probably-Nathan’s almost exactly, because the touchy-feely man looked more turned on than nervous.
"Bucky would never." Rogers was rejoining the conversation with narrowed eyes, lips pressed into a thin line before he continued. "I don't know how things went so wrong in that other world that you would suggest something like that. Did they remove your programming? Do you even remember who you are? You’re Bucky--"
~.~.~
"You aren't the boss of me you low-rent Tony Stark, so shut the hell up. Why the hell would you care about Bucky Barnes after what he
"Aww, Tony--"
Tony's hands went lax, only staying on Clint's face because the archer didn't let him go. His thoughts ground to a halt, tongue too heavy with shock for him to voice the 'what the fuck' that was flashing over and over in his brain. Processing it at all felt impossible. Getting it to make sense before Steve got there was just not going to happen. He probably would have tried anyway if Clint hadn't been there.
Steve paid fierce attention as Fri began to talk, taking in all the visuals she was throwing up. Things were similar to what he'd known in his own world - eerily similar - but there were enough differences that he could easily be thrown for a loop. So he didn't rush Fri forward, didn't give up and walk away when he realized just what he'd signed himself up for.
. But you do and so yeah. Best and tightest air hug ever."
"You are overreacting, and I firmly believe in your right to that feeling because feelings are never wrong. Or something? I vaguely remember one of the shrinks I tried telling me something along those lines. Feelings aren't wrong but they also aren't facts so you have to be careful about acting on those feelings but all of them are valid. Right? Does that sound right to you?"
"Well whatever. Then I'll only go through the process if you go through it with me. Deal?"
"I highly doubt this will 'fuck everything up'. I think you'll rather enjoy this surprise, Boss. Maybe not as much as you enjoyed Steve coming home, but I believe it will still make you very happy. And he had all the permissions he needed to get up here, so--"
"Hey there cutie. What's a girl like you during a place like this?" She lifted a paw and settled it on his knee, drawing out a soft chuckle. "What's her name?"
is that?" His platypus sounded strangled, and Tony didn't blame him even a little bit. Whatever Thanos had summoned to harass him was a thing of nightmares. Bigger than him by half, the pure white of its hide broken up by vivid spots of color that mimicked poisonous animals in their world. It was all teeth and spikes and
Even the murder twins could probably use a safe place away from SHIELD to relax. Captain America would be living somewhere that actually encouraged him to
"He says he wasn't trying to poison me, but I don't believe him. I'm telling you Cap - don't trust this man's leaf water."
"Can ya just try not ta blow up the tower? Please?"
“Easy there big guy. We just settled the debate - no need to get it going again. Besides, Bruce deserves all the nice things including Reuben sandwiches and sleep.”
Was that... was that a tiny little smile on Bucky's face?
Phew! Meant to have this up earlier today, but Supernatural and a new game on my phone distracted me. XD
** Chapter Specific Warning **
an essential part of the
Time and I working together means we can spare some of our power to keep your body from, well. Disintegrating. We're choosing to work through you, so we won't burn you up Steve. I promise.
me--"
"Kid, we are
"If he was in critical condition it wasn't because of anything me or Bucky did." Steve snorted loud enough at the denial to bring the attention back to him, and God did Tony love the look on his face. He looked furious and beautiful, almost like an avenging angel, and it warmed him to know that all that protective rage was because of him. "But I'm not here to fight with you, Tony. I'm here to save you."
It was what he'd done while Steve was gone. It was what he was doing now because he really thought Steve would leave again.
"Mm-hmm." After a second, her head turned Tony's way and he was stupidly relieved that she was talking to him again. She had stopped responding about half an hour before he and Steve had left for the compound. "We left Dum-E and U behind. JARVIS is looking after them," and that only hurt about half as much as the first time he'd realized Shellhead still had his JARVIS. "They're safer there for now."
"There you go!"
for the world, something beyond violence and death. Even now, even after the suit had very nearly become a tomb, part of him wanted nothing more than to pull it on again and take to the skies.
Before Rogers could pick up steam, Winter interrupted with a string of Russian clearly directed at Bucky. He hesitated only a moment, glancing over at Rogers, before answering back in the same language. Of course that had Rogers' face turning colors again while he staunched the flow of blood with one hand, and Steve briefly hid his face in his hands, because fuck. It was a fucking mess just like he'd known it would be. Trying to tune Rogers and his impending temper tantrum out, he listed to the two former assassins and wondered just what they were talking about.
"I love that you know me so well."
Thor was laying it on even thicker than usual, and Steve knew it was for his benefit. It was sweet, and the closest thing he had to family aside from Nat and the solyanka soup she made him whenever she thought his depression was getting the best of him. It had been so long since he’d had family, and he was starting to think he deserved to have one again. Maybe it was alright if he didn't cling to Bucky's memory quite so hard. Maybe he wasn't a terrible person if he tried to let his brother go so his memory could rest in peace.
One thing is for sure - the eyes of the world are on the New Avengers.
was understanding and patient - about this at least - and never pressured him. Tony would just get soulful looks and sweet kisses, slightly sad smiles and soft words of understanding. It was both infuriating and guilt inducing to the extreme. Once - just once - he would like to fight about it. A real knock-down, drag-out, wringer of a fight where Steve was demanding and unreasonable about the whole thing.
And if he was right, if Steve really loved him, then it was time to go balls to the wall. Subtlety had never been his strongest suit and he would fuck it up if he tried for it now. He was going to wait a little while, maybe test the waters just a little, and then he was going to go for it. Well, after he was mostly healed anyway. He was hoping there would be a lot of kissing and maybe a little manhandling once he and Steve got on the same page. Neither of those things were as fun as they should be when fractured ribs were part of the picture. Besides, he needed a couple more days of workshop time to finish Steve’s surprise. He could use the Great Gifting as a time to get his feelings out into the open.
the armor with Rogers in the room didn’t scare him more than being without out. "I don't need your protection or your concern."
"It's a magic thing," Tony interrupted quickly, then tugged Steve over to join him on his sofa. "A bullshit magic thing that I am very grateful for. So he's Steve, but not Steve Grant."
"'Cause they're synced up, I
A knife sprouted in the wall behind Rogers' head, having moved through the air too fast for even his eyes to track. At least Winter hadn't gone for the gun. He looked to Rogers and couldn't quite hold back a small sigh when he saw blood trickling down the right side of the man's throat. It was little more than a nick, a warning that even Rogers couldn't ignore, but he was worried that it was about to become a huge fucking deal.
“There wouldn’t be any purple gunk at all if your son--”
“Doctor Who is a great idea.” Everyone else groaned when Steve agreed which - rude. Doctor Who was a great show and anyway that was only two votes. Thor and Bruce hadn’t said anything yet, so it wasn’t like they were for sure going to watch it.
If the fucker would just go, he could dismiss them. Instead he was hovering with a face like a thundercloud, and Tony wasn’t sure why. It was messing with their system and now they were both trapped.
"I'm sorry Fri. I never shoulda... it was wrong of me ta do that. Tony trusted me and
"Almost two months ago, shortly after you left, we got a lead. Miss Margaret chased it down and he was at the end of it. We found him and we brought him home, just like we promised."
"Before. During the war. The one we fought together." Though his sentences were getting short and his accent was thickening, there was no added tension in Winter's body. So long as that didn't happen, reminiscing was alright. "We used to do this. Before battles or after them."
Steve didn't let go until his opponent was starting to sag down against him, no longer fighting quite so hard to get away. Through some sort of fancy hand-to-hand magic, a quick flex of muscle sent Rogers rolling away. Maybe the universe didn't hate him quite as much as it had always felt like, because his lover's shirt had rucked up during the struggle and he got to watch a downright sinful display of rolling abs when Steve got to his feet without using his damn hands like the sexy show-off that he was. Little demon then looked over and
"Whatever you want, Stevie. Assuming I'm not part of that half either."
Your opinion of what is happening is also irrelevant. And wrong as well - your lover was brought through by Soul and had less distance to travel.
"Anyway the food is mostly done so he's plating it and he'll bring it in for both of you. I think he's nervous about meeting Steve here. I don't know why since even with the muscles he's not exactly intimidating."
Even saying goodbye to Thor when he left to for Asgard or to see Jane was hard. There was the chance he wouldn't come back, after all, especially when he went back home. With Loki doing better Thor spent much more time in Asgard. Maybe one day he would decide to forsake Midgard completely.
"You... make a good point. Steve is kind of a worry-wart."
He and Tony were going to be fine, and the soft kiss the man pressed to his lips before heading for the elevator only proved it. They'd had their first really hard conversation about the fallout from the ‘Civil War’ and they were still okay.
"Fine."
The dog that he’d found was a shivering, whimpering mess. He wasn't sure if her fur was actually a muddy gray or if she was just covered in filth that made it look that way. Hell, he wasn't sure that she even was a she - he had just looked into her eyes and been struck with the sense that this was a lady he was dealing with. She was still flinching away from his every attempt to reach out to her, and that was okay. He could be patient, even if he longed to swoop her away and get her warm and fed. The spots of blood in her fur and the too-tight collar around her neck spoke of rough treatment. Steve was more than willing to go at her pace if it would earn him a bit of trust.
"You got a hanky or something I could wear close to my heart? A knight's gotta have the favor of his fella before going inta battle." A hint of color dusted Tony's cheeks, but Steve didn't flatter himself to think it meant anything. Probably the genius just didn't think Steve would take the game so far. Or maybe he was just surprised that Steve knew about that kind of stuff - Sarah Rogers had loved all the old tales about King Arthur and Camelot and things. It was amazing how much of it had stuck.
"As you say. Friend Tony!" Suddenly Thor's voice was thunder-loud again as he pulled away from Steve and strode toward the couches. "I see we have a visitor. It is good to see you once again, Colonel Rhodes. It is a blessed event every time I find you here in Tony's company."
There was also something shameful in it though, something that made him feel small all over again. None of it meant anything, after all. Nobody who mattered ever really touched him. Well, Buck was the obvious exception because he always was, and Peggy had brushed her fingers against his a few times. Otherwise, it was all just skin on skin, and it was all meant for Captain America, not little Stevie Rogers who was still going to die alone.
"How can you
"Damn right ya do." The love and approval in Steve's voice warmed him better than scotch ever had. "Proud-a ya for knowin' that. Still would kill 'em for ya if ya wanted though."
He had known at the time that he was probably tipping his hand at medical, but he hadn't cared. Now he wasn't sure what exactly was going on and he was too much of a coward to ask. Especially since half the time Tony was still refusing to let him in.
“It wasn’t fine. You were uncomfortable - it was easy to see that you didn’t want them in your space like that. They shouldn’t have just assumed… I don’t care how many stories there are about your… uh... “ For just a second Steve seemed unsure, the hard edge of his voice softening to something more tentative. “Past? Anyway, it don’t give them the right to go touching you like that without asking. It’s just plain rude.”
, intense in a way that felt ominous. It didn't hurt, exactly, but it was making it difficult to focus on what he was supposed to be doing.
"On the cave troll situation." Harley was calm and collected, his armor a shining beacon as he cut through the battle. His kid had moves, and later he'd make sure to tell him that. "He's headed for Viz, could use backup if anyone's available." Wanda immediately disregarded her orders and left the formation guarding the Tesseract. A torrent of cursing overwhelmed the comms, and Tony saw Natasha visibly keep herself from running after the little idiot to yank her back to her post.
"Tony. You should be nicer to him."
"No."
," Winter grumbled, eyebrows drawing together in a frown. Steve was smugly pleased that, once again, his opinion of the awful club was being validated. Then that expression cleared and the man smiled. "I broke two noses, three feet and an arm before Jan and Agent Carter pushed me out the door."
"We can only hope. I fear that if he does not find some measure of who he was soon my father will choose to confine him in prison instead of his rooms. Loki does not do well in small spaces where it is easy to become bored."
so of course he would leave. Steve Rogers was always going to give everything up for Bucky Barnes - it was just the way things were going to work no matter what universe they were in.
"Or lookin' at ya outside of battle. But he don't hate ya. Lokes'd throw ya outta the mansion if he did. Shellhead just needs some more time, is all."
As would I. After Thursday then. [pause] And Ms. Potts? Congratulations on your engagement.
drop off our radar like that again, you will be getting a visit from
This is soooooo late, I'm sorry. Between work and being ill I just haven't been able to write much recently. Also posting this on my phone because I'm at work, so sorry for any wonkiness. :'D
Part of him wanted to ask, to see if this constant feeling of possibility was just him. The sensible part, the part that had been drilled extensively over the years in his faults and fuck-ups, knew better. He'd rather wonder than lose what they had to awkwardness and hurt feelings.
Tony Stark AKA Iron Man
Piercing through the thing's thick hide would take too long, but thankfully the Nightmare Beast was extremely vocal in its annoyance and pain. It roared again when Rhodey managed to slice through the two tentacles holding Harley, and they all saw where the beast kept its mouth. Without needing to talk about it further, the three of them went at it with a will, he and Shellhead shooting at the thing while STAR moved ever closer, looking for her chance.
Again.
"You should be sleeping."
"Can so."
Jesus fuck. He might get the chance to kiss Steve. Even better was the hope that he might get to cherish Steve, shower him with as much love as he’d always wanted to. Maybe he'd get to link their fingers together when they walked side-by-side, and maybe he would get to pet Steve's hair until he fell asleep with his head in Tony's lap. They could argue over all the stupid things they already did, but there would be gentle touches and loving looks thrown in too. They could do soft shit like watch movies together in pajamas and bare feet, hair mussed from sleep while they got tangled up in each other.
"Young lady," Strange snapped, his cloak rearing behind him like an angry cat. "If you do not rein yourself in and come with me, I will be forced to
I damn well am going to let them."
Bruce might swear by leaf-flavored water, but Tony would commit murder if he didn't get regular infusions of coffee. Despite that, he allowed Bruce to make him one cup of tea every morning just to try. He had to be wearing a bitch face as he looked down into his cup to see the current attempt at conversion, because his science bro was chuckling into his own mug. A happy Brucie warmed the cockles of his long-dead heart, so after a moment he bit the bullet and grabbed the offering.
He was so dizzy with the fella it was ridiculous. Buck would have a field day if he could see the way Steve was acting.
Thanos had ripped a hole in their shields like they were made of paper. There was little comfort in knowing that was because of the Power Stone, and only cold comfort in hearing that most of the shields around the rest of their little planet were holding against the chitauri. FRIDAY was monitoring those, and was in charge of sending in the X-Men, the international teams, and their other, less savory contacts to the areas where the shields failed. While Tony did briefly take note whenever she sent out an announcement regarding them, most of his attention was completely fixed on the battle with Thanos.
"I want to. You shouldn't have to keep leaving parts of your life behind. It isn't fucking fair, and I'm not... I don't want to make you choose. Because even if you choose me--"
“Why can’t we have something simple?” Bruce’s quiet voice cut through the squabbling even if none of them worried he would go green at the smallest insult anymore. “I spent all day in my lab and my head hurts. “That diner a few blocks away has plenty of choices, and I really want one of their Reuben sandwiches and some french fries.” He turned his gaze to Tony, smile tired as he pulled off his glasses. “It’ll also get here the quickest,” he said while rubbing his eyes. “I just want to eat and then lay down.”
"We're connected, pops." Harley's smile was crooked but genuine, and it felt like someone was squeezing his heart but in a really good way. In the best way, really, because that squeeze was about
Cap. Not anymore."
Sometimes that technique just worked a little too well, which had caused his current predicament.
Steve smiled at him, all good humor and warmth. “Sure. If you say so. And if I wanna share the gunk our son got all over me with our other kids… well. How’re you gonna stop me?” Eyes still locked with his, Steve scooped up a handful of the slime on his shirt and smeared it over one of Dum-E struts.
So he wasn't surprised when Pepper ended up on his other side, her murderously high heels tossed away so she could tuck her bare toes under his thigh. Before too long everyone had reconvened... and he did mean everyone. The Other Loki had quickly commandeered a loveseat nearby so he could have sole cuddle-custody of the Other Tony, and it was... kind of really disturbing, so he decided to just ignore it. It was harder to pretend he didn't see how overjoyed Steve was by said couple cuddling.
"Ya want a farm?"
While Steve choked on his tongue at
So he wasn't jealous that Shellhead had ended up with an amazing team. It just sharpened his own yearning to have the same, and God he hoped that they could build something like that with the next set of Avengers. If anyone could make that kind of team happen it was his platypus, and whatever Pepper thought he knew Rhodey would take the challenge and run with it. Probably would even enjoy it, because within the boundaries of the Accords he was going to have more freedom than the Air Force had ever given him.
"He's doing fine. He remembers and he's Bucky and he's
~.~.~
Despite the threat and the suspicion that maybe Fri was just trying to get them home, Tony and Steve were on the quinjet less than ten minutes later. There'd been hugs and wet-eyed goodbyes, and a promise to be back in a day or two to debrief and get to work on plans to deal with Thanos. The Titan would be coming, with two Infinity Stones at his disposal.
"May and your ma are on their way?"
slammed into him and he saw white while he hurtled towards the ground. It took a second and some fancy footwork to get out from the debris; he managed just before it crashed it a spray of metal. His left arm was numb - it so often was - but the rest of his vitals were good. Minor contusions and hairline fractures were just... hazards of the job.
"Prob'ly." Fingers twisted in his shirt, tugging him impossibly closer as a laugh got huffed out against his skin. "So yeah, Tony. I feel that way about you. It's always been you and I hate that I messed up so bad when we first met that you don't think I could--"
"No idea where you got that from."
~.~.~
Tony knew something was up right away and gave him a look that was part pleading, part annoyed. It took Shellhead a little longer to realize the three of them were locked in the room together. When it finally clicked, he whirled to face them with a scowl on his face.
"Friend Tony, I have told you that such an endeavor--"
"Or looking."
"We're going to need them," he said quietly as his eyes tracked her. If he started to see any smoke or if anything burst into flames he was definitely going to have to act. It was a good thing Dum-E had been banished along with U, STAR, Harley and Laney for the duration of this little talk or his oldest would already have a fire extinguisher in hand. "I know you and Steve and Rhodey don't want to admit it and Viz is only a little better, but... we're gonna need all of them when the next intergalactic big bad comes knocking at our door. So we need--"
"... you're a good man, Winter." STAR seemed to agree, because she landed back on the man's shoulder and pressed her face to his cheek in her version of a kiss. Winter himself only scoffed; Steve couldn't tell if he was pleased or annoyed by the label. "Anyway, Tony said you oughta be able ta have some fun while you're waitin' for clearance to save the world." Actually, Tony had been a lot less nice about it. His tone had been more 'keep the assassin entertained so he doesn't kill anyone', but Steve figured it all was the same in the end. "So he made some stuff for ya. Natalia and Peggy said ya could play with it long as me'n STAR are in the range with ya."
"Yeah? Me too,"  he murmured, heart and stomach fluttering wildly. This was... Christ, it was everything he'd wanted for so long, and he couldn't help but catch those lips in another kiss, and then another. "Ten years worth."
"Yes, that will be all Mr. Stark." After pressing a kiss to his cheek, she cleared her throat and looked away, eyes still suspiciously wet. "Now. As much as I'd love to see your new suit, Steve, I think I'd better go. I have this feeling that you're going to end up jumping him even more enthusiastically than I did." Steve's face immediately went bright red which would never stop being adorable. He also didn’t stammer an immediate ‘no way’. That was interesting and extremely promising. They hadn't had workshop sex yet.
"So I'll see you the time after that, maybe. I'll get to work on a better communication device too. I have some ideas that I'll flesh out. Me and me and maybe Loki can tinker out the bugs next time.
"In about half an hour, if that works."
"Oh yeah. He never had pets as a kid, you know? Howard wouldn't let him, and whenever Tones tried to make a metal version-- uh, not important." Fuck, Steve wished he could go back in time and beat the hell out of the man who had apparently made himself out to be his best friend way-back-when. "So he gets to college - a skinny-ass fifteen year old with more sass than anything else - and finds out about the lab rats in the bio department. Apparently he stewed on that for almost two years because one day I wake up and one of the things is on my chest, staring at me with it's beady little eyes." He was pretty sure Rhodes' full body shiver wasn't fake - the guy looked pretty creeped out.
Few notes! I doubt anyone remembers Ben - the contractor from the very first story. He's the one who fixed up the common floor and Tony now has him on retainer for all his most personal projects. Ben is also dating Pepper, which is something that happens in a side-story I haven't sat down to write yet. :'D Someday all of those will be written and put up. Someday.
"Okay, okay. Now who's gettin' off track? I think what I'm gettin' here Pegs is that ya think it'd be a mistake to go rushin' off ta see him."
"Steve won't let that happen, and neither will you or Rhodey. Viz'd probably have some words about it too and STAR would go nuclear, so I think we’re safe."
"It's not shopping, Steve." For all his indignance, Tony was still starting to blush a little. "You don't just
"Yeah. Got almost ten back." The teen inched forward, eyes on the dog the whole time. "How much of that do you want?"
"He is totally glaring at you, by the way."
"He does not like me. I don't blame him for that, and he... he does not have to let me live here, but he does. He pays for my food and for my doctors, and when he sees me in the hallway he only averts his eyes instead of cursing or lashing out at me. I do not want to push him further."
"I'd marry ya in a heartbeat, but not until after ya can get outta this bed and off-a these machines." A careful, calloused hand trailed down one cheek, then his neck and then made its careful way to his chest. Tony would have flinched back from anyone else - even Rhodey and Pepper had to deal with how gun shy he was now - but Tiny Adorable Steve would never hurt him. "I can't believe he did this ta ya," he whispered, anger throbbing in his voice despite his gentle touch. "Might have ta kill him after all."
"And so you do not get to send him mail not even a week later." Despite not raising her voice, Pepper spoke over the soldier with ease. The face Rogers was making every time she called him 'Mister' was priceless and he wanted a fucking picture of it. "Perhaps if Mister Stark hadn't been in
That laughter he'd been so damn proud of keeping under wraps exploded out of him, but thankfully Peter only pouted for a second before sheepishly joining in. Soon after that they were chatting with even more ease than he managed with Harley. Between updates on Tony and his halting attempts to describe the Cradle, he drew details of Peter's life out of the teen in return. Aunt May sounded like a firecracker, Ned like everything a best friend should be, and Liz as impossibly perfect as every first crush ever was. The kid was clearly a genius and he had a good life that had been made far too difficult by the super-secret he was carting around with him.
He had half-expected Nat, or maybe Clint to be checking in on him. They were worried about him, especially Nat. She'd been playing the part of mother hen to a T since Tony's injury. She forced him to eat, decided when he would be sleeping, and once dragged him into the shower by his ear and proceeded to strip him down under a stream of cold water. He had finally managed to fend her off when he was left only in his briefs. By then it had been easier to just finish getting clean... mostly because she had leaned back against the door to stand guard.
