“John…” shocked, worried, tear rolls down Sherlock’s right cheek.
“She was right John. You won’t love her anymore if you read it.”
“John, I…” looks miserable, lost, tears in his eyes.
When John comes back into the kitchen he is wearing only his buttoned, white Doctor’s coat with his pyjama bottoms on underneath. Draped over his right shoulder are a couple large bath towels and a folded sheet. He has his medical bag in one hand and a plastic bag from Bart’s in the other. He stops to admire Sherlock from behind as he prepares a pot to make tea at the far counter, naked. Most of the scars on his back are fading to silver, but several still stand out and probably always will.
After yet another sleepless night, John comes to a decision and calls in sick to the clinic. Rosie was already scheduled to spend the day with Molly, he would drop her off on the way to Baker Street.
Two days later.
“Sherlock?” John asks tentatively, gently turning him around.
“You can use whatever word you like Sherlock.” I say softly putting a hand over his. He looks at me now. “It is after all, your safe word. It should be something you are comfortable with.” I smile at him. I am truly flattered he chose my last name. He places his other hand over mine and smiles back at me.
I turn off the light then reach out my right hand “come here” he sidles over and puts his head on my good shoulder. I pet his hair “I’m not that angry you mad genius, if I were you’d be on the couch.” I feel him relax under my hand. “We’ll have to talk more tomorrow about our new arrangement. We discussed the contents of the box, but this goes further” I say sleepily.
Sherlock turns with his bags heading into the kitchen as he says over his back, “Yes, she would want her father when she’s feeling ill.” Voice still low enough not to wake the sleeping toddler.
So far, the clues he has amassed are not raking up in his favour. Sherlock Holmes is in trouble.
“It started a couple weeks ago,” he stops to swallow, “scratchy throat then abdominal cramping and um…”
“I even texted Lestrade that I couldn’t take on any cases until after you returned.”
“Was she, Euros, okay with us getting married then?” I’m curious.
Well, we’re there and will be back in London again sometime next month; definitely by Christmas. It’s been awhile since I’ve updated anything and I’m sorry about that. First off you’re probably wondering about the name change. Sherlock and I are married. That looks so good I’ll type it again – Sherlock and I are married! Sherlock, Rosie and I are now a true family too as he has officially adopted her as well. We are now all on, what he insists on calling, our ‘Sex Holiday’. We are also house sitting in USA for Kevin, an old army mate of mine.
After having Sherlock to promise into looking at an investigation of Mycroft’s choosing, Mycroft’s minions are able to track the assailants on CCTV and the GPS on John’s phone. Lestrade and a team from NSY meet Sherlock where the information leads. John and his assailants are in an abandoned restaurant across town.
Thanks for the kudos, comments and just reading,
“I really don’t want to ride in an ambulance, we should be alright with a taxi Greg.” John states sitting on a step in the back of said ambulance, left hand gripping a rear belt loop on his denims to keep his shoulder from moving too much. Robert King is moaning, securely handcuffed to the gurney inside being tended to by one of the techs. John winces when the tech treating him presses an absorbent pad over the nail still imbedded in his slowly bleeding left shoulder.
“With some of the mini marshmallow’s you picked up yesterday.”
Lunch goes by without a hitch. Sherlock even eats a burger without a fuss. Kevin gives us the address to his property to type into the GPS, along with hand written map and instructions to find his house. Before we part he hands me a set of keys “I’m used to the road and usually drive it fast. Just in case we separate, the square headed brass key will open the gate lock. If you want to use the keypad the code is 7437.”
Mummy Violet replies “We’ll think of something, never you worry! We’ll talk with Micie, maybe he knows of something. Oh boys, it will be wonderful to see you married. Your Father and I will head up to London later today, Mycroft can put us up. This is so exciting! My baby boy is getting married!”
“John” is all he can say as I flick a nipple with my tongue. He pulls my jumper over my head and with a frustrated sigh and starts working on my buttons.
“Thank you love.” Giving Sherlock a quick kiss on the lips. Sherlock tasted sweet and tart from the mixture of wine and gingerbread.
Déjà vu hits him as a man bumps into him going one direction down the street, only to be stabbed in the neck by a needle by his accomplice heading the other way.
“You came into the kitchen, started to tell me you didn’t feel good and passed out. I caught you before you hit the floor. I was able to carry you out to the car and buckle you in.” I pause and he squeezes my hand. “I almost forgot Rosie in my haste. I’m a bit afraid to admit.” I confess, low.
Sherlock catches up to me when I reach the top of the rise, I wait for him at a fairly level spot. I must have made quite the impression when I left. Sherlock gives me a sheepish smile, taking Rosie from Kevin who hustles into the back faster than I’ve ever seen him move before.
“Yes Sherlock?”
“She insisted that I help her write a letter to Santa yesterday. The only things she asked for were a nice locked room murder for us and a violin of her own. I can give her lessons, it’ll be fine. You know she’s been having fun squeaking notes out of your old clarinet since her birthday.”
I start to work my way kissing down his neck to suck on his pulse point. My fingers play with his sensitive nipples. I work my way down toward his left nipple and suck and bite it; I pinch the right nipple with my right hand. He is so responsive, arching his back and moaning. I slowly move my left hand down his body, caressing his hip down to his thigh.
John, having moved further into the room, collapses into his chair at Greg’s outburst.
“Oooh, isn’t that lovely. Have you thought about wedding favours?”
We stay seated as they find their seats “Hello Mycroft. Greg good to see you again, it’s been what, two hours.” Greg smiles and I see the tension in his shoulders relax a bit. Sherlock grunts a greeting next to me.
“I took the liberty of having my people check all of the known aliases your wife used. They uncovered several bank accounts around the world. We have closed out each one and consolidated everything into your account.” Seeing the shocked look on John’s face, “You did ask me to take care of the townhouse and its contents while in hospital. The check is the money from the sale of the property, its contents and the vehicle.”
Curious, Sherlock wondered “Anyone contact you as yet?”
still need to look at that arm. Up you go.”
“In all seriousness, I remember the first time I met John, the ‘study in pink’ case with the killer cabbie. Sherlock showed up at a crime scene with this nondescript, quiet, bloke with a cane limping along behind him. Didn’t get a name until much later in the evening just a curt “he’s with me”. I truthfully didn’t figure John would last the night before scarpering off. But John was made of much sterner stuff than that.”
“I’ll be at this for a while yet, I can stay, no worries.” Dr. Stamford assures.
In my arms, Rosie starts to cry. “See what you’ve done now?” I angrily retort to Donovan. Sherlock is at my side almost instantly helping me try to soothe Rosie. I heatedly snap at Donovan “Sherlock is not, I repeat, not a psychopath, a sociopath or any other, whatever path, you can think of! He cares more about people than you do Sally! You should open your eyes and see that some time! Maybe then you wouldn’t be still stuck as a Sargent!” Rosie is really upset now, I’m pissed and need some air. “Sherlock, I’ll be outside. I need some fresh air.” I growl the last bit glaring at Donovan who takes a couple steps back from me.
He starts to kiss his way down my neck, to my nipple and slowly lowers himself to his knees in front of me. He mouths my cock through my red silk pants having lowered my jeans. I hastily kick off my shoes as he lowers my pants. I am hard and erect, he just kneels there for a moment taking in the sight. About when I begin to wonder if he’s in some sort of trance he leans forward and takes the crown of my cock in his mouth and sucks, hard, while flitting his tongue along the tip. “Oh. My. God. Sherlock. Do that again!” I cry out.
Sherlock stares at the photos side by side with the two laptops. “Same. Who? Can’t be.” He pulls up the file with the written statements for the new case and reads through them again. “Oh! How blind!” He quickly sends off a text. Turns and cups my face in with his hands and gives me one of the most passionate kisses I’ve ever been on the receiving end of.
“When was the last time you had a physical Sherlock?” John asks as he is stitching up the cut along the left side of his lover’s ribs from subduing Roberta King. John must admit, Sherlock has put on more muscle and looks healthier than he can ever recall seeing him before.
In the morning I wake up alone, the bed is cool where Sherlock had lain. The door isn’t closed and I hear a giggling sound coming up the stairs. Sherlock must be down with Rosie. I start to rise and groan as my shoulder lets itself known. I notice a bottle of water and my pain pills on the table next to me. Sherlock must have brought them up, I think to myself ‘this is good’ as I swallow my meds. I rise and do my morning ablutions, dress and head down to see what they are up to. From the looks of the kitchen Sherlock made breakfast for Rosie, porridge and readymade applesauce.
When the festivities come to a mutual end there are eight black sedans waiting out front, the names of our guests held on placards by the drivers. The first in line has a small bouquet of flowers tied to the antenna with ivy trailing down. Sherlock and I follow Molly and Mrs. Hudson to their car, saying a careful goodnight to Rosie so as not to wake her. I pat Mycroft and Greg on the shoulder while walking by them; the cars were a nice surprise.
“John? Are you alright?” Sherlock is troubled, he finally touches my right bicep.
“Yes, I was cleaning the entry when he and Rosie came in. He looked a bit worn out the dear.” She answers.
Sherlock and Mycroft are dressing at Mycroft’s place where they spent the night along with their parents. Lord knows what they were discussing, hopefully something cheerful.
He watches while one of John’s old blue checked button up shirts is sliced, none to carefully from his torso. There are several light scratches from the knife tip over John’s chest
“People are definitely going to talk” Smiling.
Smiling, “Of course, just make sure he’s the one who eats it.”
Sherlock places his hands on my face and forces me to look him in the eyes. “John, breathe. Follow me, in 2, 3, out, 2, 3. That’s it now, breathe with me. In 2, 3, out, 2, 3. Just relax. Concentrate on breathing with me. Good, again… There is nothing to panic about, we can ask Mrs. Hudson to help with flowers. Everyone has phones capable of taking pictures and we can purchase those disposable camera things. As for music, I have a few thoughts for that as well. That’s it, breathe for me…” Sherlock kneads my shoulders as I calm down, easing the tension that built up.
“Oh, hey John. I’ll make sure they get in with today’s tests. You could probably run them through yourself though.” Seeing John’s look “You’re on retainer, so you technically work here now. Talk to Claire in administration, she probably has all your paperwork waiting for you.”
John opens his eyes and grins at the hungry look on his lovers face. “Sherlock?”
“Yes John” he breathes back, not moving other than starting to work on my trousers. “Mine” again.
The officer shoves him further into the cell, causing John to stumble, while growling at him, “You ain’t no citizen, all you is, is just a lowly slave. You has no rights, just be quiet and hope your Master goes easy on ya.”
A few turns later we find Sherlock wrestling with Butch Caswell and just barely holding his own. Finally he gets in a hit that drops Caswell long enough for him to take a quick look to locate John. Several yards away, down the alley, Sherlock spots John trying to subdue their other suspect. Moose Muldoon is at least a foot taller than Sherlock and looks as though he spends his free time lifting weights… and that he has a LOT of free time. John is holding his own and lands more hits than he is taking.
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson, Mycroft Holmes, OMC, OFC
Note: Rosie asks Sherlock about her mom.
That surprised Sherlock who eagerly turns, “Really? Can I sort through the rest of your clothes then?”
Standing at the kitchen door John mutters, “Sherlock?” John didn’t bother to put on his slippers.
I turn to Mycroft “I hate to ask, but I am. Is there any way we can be married before we go to California? I know its last minute and all…”
“Sherlock?”
Somehow I manage to pant out “so wonderful, such a brilliant talented boy…” He groans around me again while taking me deep. After a few moments I can feel the orgasm coming, I warn Sherlock by pulling at his curls but he just takes me deeper and swallows around the tip. That was all I needed as I come down his throat.
I know from the cab ride over Sherlock’s arse is sore from the strike I gave him last night. He shakes his head slowly side-to-side “I don’t feel like sitting” a bit sheepishly.
I give her a comforting hug she returns with abandon. “So sorry Mrs. H. was she a close friend?”
“John” he moans
Unloading is faster than loading the lorry, they can unpack most of the boxes later. Rosie’s belongings are brought up to John’s old room. The boys bring the breakfront that was in the room down to Sherlock’s for John to use. The newly made space holds Rosie’s changing table/breakfront.
John smiles fondly, “Surprisingly he seems to enjoy having her around, even changed a few diapers. Reads to her every night, course sometimes it is research for a case.”
Sherlock stops and frowns at the DI while grabbing and raising John’s left hand, “Well for starters our matching rings. I am Mr. Watson-Holmes now.” The married men walk hand in hand to the mantle where John picks up a photograph with his right hand and passes it over to the DI while Sherlock continues to talk. “The man in the middle of this picture is also in photos at the other crime scenes. Find him, you find your poisoner.”
We head upstairs and I lock the door behind us. I try my best not to yell, it comes out as a growl “Two minutes Sherlock! Just two! Greg and the Yarders could have been there in two minutes! But no, you’re too busy running off expecting me to follow. Which I do, because you get yourself into trouble. I’m lucky I ducked or she would have hit me in the head.” I’m shaking, I am so upset.
I could eat. Sherlock shrugs and hands Kevin the iced coffees and milk to put in a cooler “lead on” he says with a smile.
“Can’t what John?”
Looking down at the table, then back into John’s eyes. “A, ah, tattoo. I looked at it while you were asleep, it’s your assumed slave name and number.” John pales, “And, you may have been microchipped as well.”
When we finish our appetizers the waiter clears the dishes. He brings an extra bread plate and places it between us “For the little one.” He says as he heads back to the kitchen.
“What does your brother do?” John wonders, leaning on Sherlock’s proffered arm.
“Mary did say your Mum gave up her career to raise children.” Muttering lower, under his breath, “About the only information she did share.” Pinching the bridge of his nose, headache threatening.
Sherlock is surprised but it is nothing compared to the look on Donovan’s face. “Excuse me?” she lifts an eyebrow at Sherlock “Did your ‘pet’ just defend you?”
“Right, do you have a tarp…” Agent Kreisler asks, removing an icepack from her head.
Jorge gets my attention “All done marking Doctor John. You can get dressed now.” He starts to remove the marked suit. I’m starting to feel lightheaded.
Sherlock
There are a few tables scattered around the walls, each decorated, leaving an open area in the middle of the room open. The tables near the front window have platters of assorted bruschetta and antipasto. The wait staff are wandering around with bottles of champagne along with red and white wine keeping glasses full.
“We are at St. Bartholomew’s, it was closest to Baker Street.”
“Rosie is done, go upstairs and take something out of your box. Your choice.” I purr in his ear tweaking a nipple through his dressing gown. “I’ll put her to bed and be up shortly.” I run my hands back up his body, along his neck and through his hair.
“Surprise me”
Mycroft pulls out his phone and sends a quick text. “Are you settling in well at Baker Street? I wasn’t sure how Sherlock would handle Miss Watson’s presence.”
“I am always there for you if you need me Sherlock.” With that statement Mycroft leaves us.
“Indulge me, I want to purchase these for you. I want to see you in them, I want to feel you in them...” Sighing. “You are nothing close to ordinary John. Please for me?”
“Yeah, I can’t believe Harry kept that thing all these years. She always complained whenever I practiced.”
Mycroft knocks on the door as he enters, just before 7pm, he has a bag of take-out that smells as though it came from Angelo’s in one hand and the suitcase he took with earlier in the other. There is a strap from a leather messenger bag over his shoulder, umbrella hooked over his left forearm.
Kevin removes his ear protection “I forgot how well you could shoot with either hand Doc! I have more ammunition in the soft bag. Let me grab the shotguns and rifles, I have no worries about leaving you two with the handguns.” He’s smiling as he goes back to the Jeep.
Not caring who sees I give Sherlock an impassioned kiss.
“I believe that you do little Bee…” Sherlock starts.
Sherlock smiles as he looks up from where he’s been playing with Rosie on the floor. “John, you’re home early.” Scowls. “What happened?” Does a quick deduction, “You quit…”
Sherlock looks at John with renewed interest, “You never said” through a mouthful of toast.
Sherlock turns his back to her to lift the tape for me, I notice he has a smirk on his face. I go under raising an eyebrow at him. He just smiles and follows me to where Greg is waiting for us.
“Hi John. I, um…” Molly turns a deep red, “I want to have a baby. And I want you and Sherlock to be the fathers. Well… I don’t care which of you is the father, that is. That and I, um, I don’t want to do AI… Natural... I want a natural impregnation.” Molly states.
“Ah Mr. Watson, glad to see you’re finally awake.” The Doctor greets the room.
He looks me in the eyes “I don’t mind, but I believe I will call you John in public especially as we sort this out ‘Sir’. Surprisingly, I slept well last night.”
He finishes his cigarette and flings the glowing butt out onto the street as a dark sedan comes driving past to stop at the door of the house he is watching. One of the occupants, a well-known figure to him, walks out and alights into the rear of the waiting car. The car leaves, taking a left at the far corner heading toward central London. Looking back at the house the man sees the glowing lights from the first-floor windows go out, there must be another occupant getting ready to either leave or retire for the night.
Sherlock looks up from his microscope at the kitchen table, “For you John, never. What can I do for you? Where’s Watson?” Sherlock is wearing a white button down shirt and dark grey colored slacks covered loosely by his tan dressing gown.
Sherlock is shaking his head back and forth, moaning in pleasure. Arching his back as I swallow around the tip of his cock. I hum in appreciation, remembering how good it felt to me when Sherlock did the same to me. More moans of pleasure, he’s sweating and turning a beautiful shade of pink. I continue to lick, suck and bob. I’m starting to feel neglected, but there isn’t much I can do about it while reduced to one hand. I moan in frustration around Sherlock’s cock. I can tell he’s getting close. I swallow him down as deeply as I can again and swallow around the tip, and again. Come up for air and do the same. The fourth time I swallow him down Sherlock comes down my throat with a yell. I swallow what I can and lick him clean.
John looks out the front windows up and down Baker Street, “Looks like the whole area is out. Snow’s starting to stick too.” Turning around to inform Sherlock.
“Once.” Not looking at John, “It did not end well. Just a bit before my first stint in rehab as a matter of fact.”
“Since when do you call me Watson?”
Diane has long, straight auburn hair, blue eyes, and a decent figure, mid 30’s, irritated, from what I can see. “Hello, I’ll be with you in just a moment.” Smiling and holding up the shopping. “Need to pop a few things in the fridge.”
“John! You’re awake, thank God! How do you feel?” relieved, thinking to himself maybe ‘I statements aren’t so bad after all’. Grabbing a cup of water and straw from the nearby table for John to take a sip.
1.	Cherokee Fire (Butte Co)
To me “I’ll give Sally another talking to.” Greg raises his voice so Sherlock can hear “Here we have Marge Hutchins, 36, no kids. Her husband, Scott Hutchins, found her this afternoon after returning from a week long business trip in Bristol. He has a solid alibi, went with his secretary, a Mr. William Stratham. They shared a double suite and all meals.”
“Where do you keep the coffee? I can’t seem to find any!” Exasperated, through the door.
We give Kevin 20 minutes to fall asleep then wordlessly proceed out to the tub for a bath together. We are sated, and extremely clean by the time we finish and head off to our boudoir falling asleep wrapped together.
He moans into my mouth, reaching into the top drawer of the bedside table for the lube. Sherlock grips my hips, grinding up against me, once, twice. “Please Sherlock… ”
As John hangs up all he can think is ‘Happy Birthday to me’, setting his phone on top of the hamper with a big smile. John asks, “Where’s Rosie?”
When we get to the restaurant, Mycroft has a small stack of papers for us to sign as well as new sets of identification and passports. Medical power of attorney for both of us. One giving me executive power over Sherlock’s trust fund. There is a property in France as well, from Sherlock’s Grand’Mere. The place in Sussex was listed in our unmarried names; now updated.
John yells into the phone, “Sherlock, don’t you dare die on me! You hear me?” The nurses at the admitting desk jump and stare at the Doctor yelling into his phone and then at them. “Alright people listen up! There is an adult male with breathing problems on his way in, ETA TBD. I want a lung specialist down here ASAP.” Captain Watson orders out.
Since it was Saturday, we went the rest of the way into town. Sherlock had wanted to visit the John Hanes Fine Art Gallery, he did find a couple items that peaked his interest. The artists who contributed to the gallery are extremely talented. In the end we bought a bronze howling coyote pup Rosie was drawn to. We also purchased a ballerina figurine that reminded us both of a younger Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock snorts into my neck where he’s nuzzled his head, breathing deep “Yeah, you could say that. She’s isn’t happy not being allowed out for the wedding. Mycroft is setting up CCTV as we speak so she can watch the ceremony.” He takes a deep breath, breathing in my scent then loosens his grip finally.
I growl back “It better not!” I take a calming breath “Ok, investigate then. Go on…” I wave may hand toward the body. Sherlock just about skips over to take a look.
Sherlock takes the wheel again. Rosie’s nappy bag is still in the Jeep from earlier, I spot the small ear protectors on top of the bag as we get in. The ice chest from earlier is still in back along with another soft sided bag. There is a small solid case in the back and two holsters clipped to the roll bar. The windshield is down with what I assume are the guns Kevin mentioned wrapped in a fleece blanket laying on top.
I flex my fingers, my hand has had enough. I reach down and unclip one arm, walk around the bed to undo the other. To Sherlock’s confusion I command “On your back”. When he complies I clip him back to the rope again. “How is my beautiful boy doing, you’ve been too quiet.”
I free Molly from Greg and take her around the dance floor. Mycroft grabs Greg before one of the wives can gather him up.
I put Rosie’s jumper on and head down the stairs. Mrs. Hudson meets us at the bottom “Where are you two off to?”
“Mycroft. What is going on? Why is Sherlock so upset?”
“There is a serial killer in your area who targets gay families.” Mycroft explains.
“Hold on Mycroft.” John, without waiting for an answer, covers the phone with his hand “Sherlock, we’re at risk if this person is already following us.”
“Whatever John. Rosie and I will be out front.” He saunters his way out, damn that walk is sexy. Think about something else – Mycroft, dead bodies, Donovan… better, much better.
John takes it and hands it over to Sherlock without prompting, “Thank you, I’m sure it will be well viewed.”
Sherlock sarcastically replies, not bothering to keep his voice low, “Yes, I see he’s being rather difficult being drugged to the gills and all.” Sherlock can’t help but glare at the guard, adding. “Compensating for a small penis? Your wife left you for someone else recently... ah, another woman no less.” Before adding scathingly, “My, how humiliating.” Raising an eyebrow at the guard.
Almost a month later a small leaning tower of Pisa arrived. John noted his name on the address was almost illegible on this one, as though the sender was in a hurry to send if off. A week later a miniature of the Greek Parthenon arrived.
Sherlock and he also spotted the obvious inaccuracies in the crime scene. While investigating, John’s brilliant husband determined the two bodies in the room were lovers and that the resentful spouse of one of the victims was in fact the killer who had also staged the scene.
Sherlock and John have mirroring smirks while holding hands.
“Since when do you call me Sherlock?”
An injured winged man.
“I have to get Rosie, she’s awake.” I whisper back in his ear as I kiss his cheek and I grab my jeans to pull on. We’re still both naked from the waist down, our shirts unbuttoned but still hanging off our shoulders. I toss Sherlock his trousers and pants then head up the stairs.
“Yeah, but you saved him in the end.”
“How could I possibly forget someone you referred to as a cross between Bill Nye and Julia Child? That and we did, what is it you referred to it as, binge watch, his show last Easter with Mummy. He was very informative.”
“Ta Mrs. H. You usually bake more when you’re upset, everything alright?” I ask rising to go help prepare the cups of tea.
Through the last of the renovations we are all sharing Sherlock’s room on the first floor. Fortunately Rosie is still in her small cot. Unfortunately we have no privacy. Even with the crowded sleeping arrangements I have been getting through the nights without nightmares, Sherlock looks better rested as well.
Starting to drive Lestrade back down the hall “Shh, keep your voice down. Don’t wake them, I’ll tell you,” pushing again, “move.”
“I believe Doctor Watson has specified that the light bothers him. It will be kept off until it no longer does. Are we clear?” commanded, Mycroft stares her down.
John had a small flashback when he opened the box from Afghanistan that contained a large canning jar filled with sand. It smelled just like the base he was deployed to in Kandahar. The address on this box was the most illegible so far. The writing was hurried and smudged in several places with what looks like sporadic rain drops. John checked the past weather forecast for Afghanistan, there was no rain reported for the past two months. Odd.
Sherlock returns, then sits across the table from Lestrade. “So, what have you found?”
Greg quips up “California? What are you going to California for? Got a hot case?”
There are raised glasses all around the table along with clapping. I give Greg’s shoulder a squeeze in thanks as he sits back down. Sherlock nods at him.
I pull out my laptop, there are a few new requests for help on the blog. I see where Sherlock had already solved at least one case while we’ve been gone. I calculate the rate and send them an email with a link to our PayPal account. I find a couple emails that sound interesting and forward them over to Sherlock.
Welcome to CA, we're fucked up!
“We really need to get your statements…” Agent Burton interrupts.
Scrape, swick, swack. A pause then another scrape, and the odd sounds of swick, swack. It keeps happening over and over, breaking my concentration. I finally can’t take not knowing what the noise is. Rising I step on the coffee table and quietly make my way to the kitchen to spy on what John is doing in there.
One morning Sherlock embraces and kisses John a bit more affectionately before allowing his husband out of bed. It’s not until John glances at the date on the atomic clock atop the breakfront when he remembers that two years ago tonight Mary had bustled into Baker Street on the fifth of November to show Sherlock a coded message from Charles Augustus Magnussen. Within minutes Sherlock had pulled a drugged John out of a bonfire, saving his life, yet again.
Miss Bunny Wigglesworth, our client. That is her actual name. Really. No fooling. Seemed rather chuffed when I asked if I could use her real name too…
John shrugs and shakes his head, “No, I guess I’ve always been able to travel light. Leftover from my Army days I guess. I could use a cuppa, want one?”
I hail a cab and it actually stops on the first try. We head downtown to the jeweller I bought Mary’s ring from. As I walk in, heads turn, I have Rosie on my hip and I must look rather desperate. Ah, what I want is still there. I purchase Greg and Molly’s gifts.
I add in “Perhaps titanium, it’s durable and should be able to resist your chemical experiments as well.”
A few hours later… “John dear, we have a fully stocked liquor cabinet. What can I get for you?” Violet Holmes asks as he and Sherlock come into the lounge from gathering Rosie from her afternoon nap. Siger, humming, is placing another log in the woodstove filling the home with a comforting warmth.
“Luke Bryan dear, if you like him you’ll just love Vince Gill, his CD is up next.” Violet informs John.
I was pointing out the area to Sherlock while Kevin was talking. Sherlock whispers “later” and rolls up the map. We can always come back up here, the view is beautiful.
Sherlock gives a quick nod. He must not feel well if he’s cooperating. I wet the flannel with cool water and, folding it, drape it over his brow. He hums in approval before beginning.
Missiles are whistling overhead before landing and creating havoc. Bright orange flashes, loud blasts followed by a barrage of debris. Bullets are whizzing by, occasionally hitting home with a definitive, distinctive sound. He’s being called from all directions, “Watson!”, “Medic!” over and over. Too many. Too many. There are so many wounded and he is only just one man. He can only do so much. The bodies are piling up like cord wood around him, soon he’ll be buried, unable to move.
He gently shakes his head “John, don’t be absurd.” He comes onto the floor with us and kneels at my side, taking up my ringed hand “It would be an honour to share Rosie with you.” He leans over and gives me a deep kiss. I’m not sure how long we are kissing, but the next thing I know there is a squeal and a plush bee toy thrown at our heads. Apparently Rosie doesn’t like to be ignored! We both laugh and turn to play with her glancing fond smiles at one another every so often.
Sherlock looks a bit sheepish, “Yeah, about that… your landlord was pinning an eviction notice on your door when I got there so I packed up everything, including your, ah, firearm. Lestrade helped me move the footlocker upstairs before he left. You can stay here as long as you want though, no problem.”
“You heard me, you know I don’t like to repeat myself. Will you marry me John? I love you. I don’t want you to date anyone else. I want you to stay, I don’t want anyone to take you away from me ever again.”
The small hand hovers before selecting what looks like the largest treat. “Ta Daddy. Can I take one to Papa?”
The last item Mycroft hands me is the ledger for Sherlock’s Trust account. I open it, there is a LOT of money in there, more than I could make in a lifetime. Sherlock hugs me from behind as I glance at the balance amount. “Mycroft kept a firm hold on the account since my second bout in rehab. I let you pay for cabs so I could have spending money for experiments. I had enough for rent, food and cabs or experiments until you moved in. It was easier to get by with the restriction and a roommate. I had a card I could use for clothes and emergencies. Cash back function disabled.” He hugs me tighter, afraid I might run.
Sherlock picks up two of the poured glasses, “Mummy, Father… I have something” looking fondly at John sitting on the sofa bouncing Rosie on his knee, “We, um. We have something we need to tell you.” Handing John a glass before sitting next to him. He noticed John’s left hand is steady while his is shaking. John puts his drink on the side table without taking a sip.
“And why would he do that?” headache cranking up a bit.
“That’s a promise.” John reassures, shoving Sherlock gently out the door, patting his rear on the way.
“Actually, I’m not sure what Kevin does anymore, he didn’t say. He was in a special forces unit in the US Marine Corps when we first met though.” I really don’t want to go further into our history in public.
“Wait! I’ll get some ice and blankets.” The nurse places an ice pack at the base of John’s skull and in his lap as I cover Rosie with the extra blankets. “Run the AC full” as she directs the flow at John. “Try and keep your friend cool. Good luck!”
“Of course dear. Just this once though mind, I’m not your housekeeper.” She smiles fondly while walking out the door Greg holds open for her.
Blushing “The only bloke I had eyes for has been you ever since we met, everyone else has paled in comparison.” frowning “I never noticed if he flirted with me though.” Opening his arms up to Sherlock. “Too bad Molly has a new beau, have you met him, Matt Cooke? He seemed nice.” Pulling Sherlock closer, avoiding his tender left shoulder.
Sherlock has Rosie, tipping a bottle for her to drink this morning, there is a container of homemade applesauce on the table nearby as well. Sherlock smiles when he sees me “Good morning John. Kevin is making us wild huckleberry waffles for breakfast today.”
Sherlock blushes from the praise.
“You… you love me? I thought you weren’t gay? How can you love me?” shocked, “I love you too” low, almost too low to hear, but it is heard.
“He was a surgeon, been teaching forensic pathology the last few years.” Sarah gives him a look, “Arthritis, hasn’t touched a scalpel to a live patient for several years apparently. They don’t need my hands, just my brain. It’s a done deal, I start in January.”
“You’ve been cooped up in here with me for almost two weeks, not to mention the time in hospital. You need to get out. Take a walk. Anything. Do something before one of us explodes in frustration.”
“The police are getting rather lax of late.” Sherlock adds in, trying desperately to hide a smile, ending up taking a sip from his cup of tea.
I woke up in hospital having missed three days. I have a nasty concussion, stitches and severe bruising.
I’m still a bit amazed as I reach for my phone to call Mycroft using the speaker, he picks up on the first ring. “Dr Watson what can I do for you today?” he simpers. Sherlock is rolling his eyes next to me.
“Lestrade sent a case. He’s either hired a better photographer or they finally listened to how I want the pictures framed.” I look over his shoulder at the screen with a picture of a messed up room, blood on one wall. No body.
“John, you remember what that American chef said, ‘raisins are always optional’. We’ll replace them with dried cranberries, much healthier with fewer allergies associated.”
Sherlock smiles back at me “I have my suspicions.”
“Kevin volunteered to go check on Rosie when she woke, he could tell I was concerned about you.” I give Sherlock a confused look. “It’s not like you to sleep during the middle of the day unless you’re feeling ill. Even more unusual I was able to come in, cover you with a blanket and leave without you waking. Normally, you wake fully, ready to go at the slightest disturbance. I’ll go see about that thermometer then.” Sherlock cups my cheek then turns and goes to question Kevin.
Sherlock comes over to where I’ve been rocking Rosie carefully, on my right hip. He has concern in his eyes. I answer before he can ask “I can do this, don’t worry. I’ll start with the shotgun on the right, if it hurts I won’t advance to the riffle. Okay?” I reassure him.
“That’s it, relax.” John breathes out, “Good, relax.”
“Russian mafia and Italian mafia? Fuck Greg! What the hell did you get us into?”
I take out a couple of short pieces of rope with loops tied in each end and 2 carabiners from the bag Sherlock brought. I one-handed place a length of rope around the foot of the bedframe under the headboard, running one loop through the other effectively securing it. I clip a carabiner to the free end and place it on the corner of the mattress next to Sherlock’s left hand. I go around the bed to repeat the tie on the right side of the bed. “I’m going to tie you to the bed with the cuffs. Do you remember your safe word?”
Sherlock pauses at the top of the stairs, but doesn’t turn around. “What now John?” sounding defeated.
“Good morning to you too, I’m feeling much better by the way thanks.” Sarcastic. Making up his mind and coming to attention. “I was going to tell you a bit more gently but… I’ve been offered another position and I signed a contract. Vega can have my hours, starting today if he wants. I’ll just go clear out my stuff.” John, giving up on tea as a lost cause, does an about turn to leave.
An hour later, they are in an exam room at St Bart’s A&E, where they had requested Greg to take them. Waiting for his x-rays to be officially looked at and the surgeon to remove the nail in John’s shoulder, John tends to Sherlock’s wounds with a bit of help.
Alpha John Watson, Omega Sherlock Holmes, Holmes parents
“Oi, fuck off Greg!”
“Partly. But even back then I knew I liked boys as much as girls. I found it was easier to date girls, fewer problems. As I got older, I found I didn’t care for what other people thought as much.”
“Right” Greg answers, just as low, glancing over at John stretched out on his back on the couch. “Mrs. Hudson knit you guys a new blanket? It’s nice.”
Lestrade glances at the notebook on his lap, “Jacob and Jonah Hall.”
“No, we already discussed this. They are, well were, both Beta’s. The coronels eldest was shot and killed while on patrol in the Army. The contract is now between you and the youngest son, an Alpha. Unless of course you want to meet the Alpha daughter.”
“John? Are you alright?” Sherlock asks me concerned, still wearing his ripped bloody shirt.
“Yes. He was a terrible Dom, he had to resort to drugs to relax me. Bastard waited until I was helpless then dosed me up at first. I became addicted fairly quickly. That last night he didn’t realize or didn’t care I was already high and dosed me again. I thought he loved me until he dumped in front of the A&E, didn’t even have the decency to take me inside. A passing nurse found me on her way in for her shift. I never saw him after that, I’m sure Mycroft had something to do with his vanishing.”
“I won’t do it Mycroft! I won’t put my family at risk!”
Four over brimming stockings were hung by the fire with care bearing the names of John, Sherlock, Rosie and Martha. Mrs. Hudson chose to stay at 221 for Christmas this year instead of traveling off to join her sister. She wanted a quiet Christmas, course with a four year old girl running around, how quiet could it be?
After reading Sherlock’s list I speak up “Not bad, we have a few items in agreement. Good, fine. There are a couple that alarm me – I would rather not use any needles or do any piercing at this time. I don’t feel comfortable drawing blood.”
Sherlock and Mycroft both wrinkle their noses at the odor coming from the tray. Mycroft pulls out his phone and sends another text. “Don’t bother leaving the tray, food will be arriving shortly.” The nurse looks at Mycroft then Doctor Barnes, who doesn’t object, then leaves, taking the tray with her.
Grinning, John turns to Rosie, “What say we put a face on our snowman while Papa looks for suitable arms?”
I brace myself as Sherlock starts to thrust in and out, in and out; slowly at first. He has one hand on my hip and runs his other around to grip my cock. The angle I’m bent at has Sherlock hitting my prostate at practically every thrust. As he fucks me, my cock is shoved through his hand. The pleasure is mounting quickly, I can feel that I am close to release. “Sherlock… I’m close” I manage to gasp out. He tightens his grip on my cock. His pace has quickened, more erratic as he nears his orgasm as well.
Greg replies with “Well I’ll be damned, how did we miss that?”
“No. You two have been behaving differently. You’re more assertive and now he’s wincing. I want to know what’s up dammit!” Greg waves his hand between us as he speaks.
“Yeah, shouldn’t have mixed the pills with alcohol.” I slur as I stumble back up. Sherlock rises and helps me up the stairs turning out the lights as we go.
I glance through the window and notice her car parked behind the black sedan. “Did you drive here in that state?!?” I exclaim loud enough for everyone in the restaurant to hear. I notice out of the corner of my eye, Mycroft give Greg a nudge just as he gets up and comes over.
Setting up a tripod with a video camera on top the younger brother states, “No you needn’t.”
Sherlock nods and answers “I noticed at the place by the pond there was an orchard there. Looked like a couple apple trees. Are they any good?”
“Nancy married several times, having a child with husband number two, a girl, Kim, and husband number five, a boy, Bobby. Nancy was a handful when she was younger, demanded undivided attention. Always wanted everything her way and was upset when she didn’t get what she wanted when she wanted it. We were constantly told how smart she was, even as she flunked out of secondary school. Her daughter Kim followed her example, but was forcefully expelled rather than just flunking out of school.
Rosie had stopped shaping snow into a ball for the head while she was talking. “Papa has magic?”
Unknown to Mycroft until he arrived in the room, were three boxes with large portions of tiramisu hidden in the bottom of the take-out bag as well.
C flat is unrecognizable from the mouldy dingy room Moriarty left Carl Powers’ trainers in, the entire flat is bright, cheery, warm and dry. Mrs. Hudson was thrilled with the new washer and dryer and the retracting clothes line in the laundry room. Sherlock was delighted with the larger, improved kitchen/lab and the full sized refrigerator, countertops, table and everything in stainless steel. I’m happy for no longer having to find fingers in the crisper drawer while looking for carrots! Mycroft even installed radiant floor heating, sealed the walls and installed extra insulation and soundproofing throughout. The final touch was an air filter/fan that will clean the air in the room in under a minute. A new thick wool rug and a new leather couch looking into the lab/kitchen were a lovely addition as Rosie and I can visit while Sherlock works on his less toxic experiments. Mrs. Hudson even went through the storage area in the attic and donated a few pieces of furniture, a bookshelf, side tables and lamps; all restored by Mycroft’s people.
“Probably your fever, nurse wrote down 103. What’s normal 98.6? If you can’t aim straight let me do it.” John’s aim is true as always. “Damn John, that looks like a lot of blood, you sure there hasn’t been any sign before today?”
He glares at me “John… “
John nudges Sherlock, “You listening Sherlock?”
“And if I’m an Alpha?”
“It’s your name!”
John answers, “He isn’t here. Sherlock is in the park with Rosie.” His headache is getting worse from the stress. Nodding his head toward the unknown man behind Mycroft, “Who’s this then?”
“No. No, I would love to help! I know just what is needed… I’ll just pop down to Angelo’s later and see what he has in mind for the tables. Does he know how many guests you have yet?”
John and Sherlock end up sharing a green salad along with a huge portion of a spinach and cheese lasagna. Since the utensils were limited to the three containers Sherlock ended up feeding John bites of food from a shared fork.
“I know, Sherlock seems transformed after Sherrinford. It’s odd, but he seems more open, mellowed… at least at home, it’s hard to explain. He’s still an arrogant sod, but that’s part of his charm.” John frowns. “Damn my head hurts, how long unttt…” tenses, teeth clicking, minor tremors in arms and legs; seizure.
We stop to have a cup of tea and a snack at the Tout Sweet Patisserie when Kevin texts back. Says he will meet us at the Rohnert Park Costco the following morning around 10. We can go in and pick up a few more supplies together, then follow him up to the ranch. Before we leave the bakery Sherlock grabs an assortment of scones and a few chocolate croissants he had his eyes on.
John is curious, ”Who have you been texting?”
“Really Daddy?”
Greg responds with a big grin, “Sherlock and John.”
Dr. John H. Watson
Mycroft tilts his head to the side, “I can make the arrangements if you are certain.”
“Yes, but when they question my aunt she says everything is fine. They’ve been there at least three times that I know of for wellness checks. The bank called after Kim had her hissy fit. I showed the police this picture and I have since found out one of the neighbors called when he heard Kim screaming abuse at my aunt.”
John Watson, Sherlock Holmes, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft Holmes, Greg Lestrade, Molly Hooper, Mary Morstan, Sarah Sawyer
Ahead, in the near distance I can hear sirens and see flashing blue lights, Lestrade and Sally following our lanterns as best they can on the back-country roads.
Sherlock waves his gloved right hand holding forceps, “I don’t know. The last time you gave me one?” ends questioningly.
Still standing, Charles Crawley turns toward the window, thinning silver hair glinting in the first hint of the morning sunshine.
I rise to investigate “Sherlock, are you alright?” I ask as I arrive at the door. I am so utterly surprised by what I see in front of me. “Oh god!” Sherlock is curled up on the bath rug sobbing. I drop down and pull him to my right side rubbing his back. “Shhhh. It’s okay” I soothe, “everything is fine. If this is about earlier I’m so sorry for hitting you in anger. I have no excuse.”
“Did Harry ever say she was sorry?” Sherlock wondered.
“You didn’t even know he was pregnant!” Violet declares.
For years I’ve been told, and I quote, “It’s never twins” by a certain Consulting Detective. But I give you Roberta Elise King and her fraternal TWIN brother Robert Elias King, who were hard to track down but Sherlock finally managed it. They had quite the killing spree over most of Great Brittan and we suspect northern France (Interpol was notified). As far as we know they are responsible for the robbery and murder of at least nine individuals. Course, Sherlock was only called in for 2 that looked suspiciously similar and spotted most of the rest in the unsolved cases NSY let him look through. Bloody brilliant he is!
“Ah, I see. We’ll sweep it again when we get home. He’s getting better at hiding them, I didn’t notice this batch.” He calmly states as he takes Rosie from Greg. “Come on Lestrade, we have files waiting.” As Sherlock strolls toward the cars beyond the tape, he avoids the section where Donovan is standing glaring at the world.
“You sure you want me that close to you?” Concerned.
October 1 – Good Bye Kevin, Hello Blog
Mike smiles, “I’ve never seen him like that before. Sherlock usually refers to himself as a ‘high functioning sociopath.’ I think he really likes you.”
John goes into detail of why he was in the alley. Blow by blow information on the fight, along with who started the fight. Lestrade insisted he list his injuries and the complications from the resulting concussion. Sherlock wrote everything down, adding additional details where needed. After reading it back to John, Greg has John sign the bottom.
Sherlock answers, “Nope, I was a witness on his contract along with Doctor Mike Stamford. John is a paid consultant, no more free ride for the Yard.” He looks excessively happy with her distress. Sherlock turns to Lestrade “I believe we have a crime scene to investigate?”
“Fuck!” I growl
Concerned, “What?”
“They want to press charges John!” Lestrade declares for the third time.
“She wouldn’t be interested in me.” Kevin rolls up the map and hands it to us and goes into the kitchen.
Sherlock walks over to the bed, dressing gown flaring behind him, falling off one t-shirt clad shoulder. He’d left the shave cream in the loo. “Doctors make the worst patients.” He teases. An older, female nurse finally walks in as Sherlock asks, “What do you need John?”
We’ve been home less than an hour. I thought I wanted a cup of tea so headed into the kitchen. I’m tired, feel drained; my shoulder, knee, ribs and lower back ache. I turned down the opiate pain reliever the surgeon offered, I don’t want to become addicted to them again and Sherlock is still fighting his cravings. It must be showing as I lean my hip against the counter by the sink, eyes closed.
Scowling, “He… he hit you?”
“Yeah, it’s bigger than it looks though. It has a large sleeping loft and a diesel oil burner as well as the wood stove for heat.” There are two chimneys near the front door.
“And Mrs. Hudson and I have been washing your pants and socks. Mrs. Hudson shouldn’t have to do our laundry, we have too much what with a baby and all.”
“Yes love?” mumbled
I smile back and I take a sip of my tea “You’re welcome. I was thinking, today I would like for you to think of five things you would like as a reward and five for punishment while we are out. When we get back write them down for me. I’ll do the same and see if we come up with anything similar and examine our lists together later. Agreeable?”
John looks around at the flat, it’s still clean. With nothing else to do he’s been tidying up after Sherlock and Rosie daily. That and they baked a couple batches of biscuits together yesterday. “Would they object to coming up here Mrs. H? I’d rather not be too far from Rosie in case she needs me.”
“I said no.” John ominously growls low. Stepping around, subconsciously guarding Sherlock from his parents. “That is my pup Sherlock is carrying, you have no claim to force a bond on him. I have first right of refusal.”
“John” Sherlock walks over “It’s only water, I’ll dry off, no harm done.” He holds out a free hand.
I almost sigh in relief as I hear the door open followed by a high-pitch giggle from Rosie. “What are you doing here Mycroft?” Sherlock gently places Rosie on the couch at my right.
“You have the option to safe-word me.” I open my hand and show him a clear plastic cock cage.
I run my hand over Rosie’s curls then lean over to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. “No. It wasn’t you. I left my pills down here and my shoulder hurts again. Think I’ll forgo the liquor with them this time. Is the pill splitter still clean?”
I rinse the flannel and clean Sherlock face as he sits back again, noting one eye is turning red from the strain. Throwing that flannel at the hamper I grab a clean one to wet with cool water, this one I fold and drape over the back of his neck.
“We’ll leave the gun with Sheriff Allman, you can pick it up in Ukiah at the station.” Agent Kreisler hands John the Sheriff’s card and a receipt for the gun.
“Git. It’s a good thing I love you.” John pulls Sherlock’s head down to rest on his left shoulder, blocking the one ear. To the rest of the room it looks like a cuddle, to Sherlock it is almost heaven.
Rosie starts to jump up and down in excitement between her fathers. “My hat, he needs a hat!” Lifting said fluffy pink item off of her head.
The gossip flying about the room goes abruptly silent as a certain Consulting Detective slams open the door to the flat and stands in the doorway glowering at the strange women in his lounge.
I can’t help but laugh as I start washing Rosie’s face. “He’s a bit keen, isn’t he little one?” I gingerly pick her up, favouring my left. I bounce her on my right hip going down the hall, I take a quick sniff of her diaper to make sure it’s clean. I hum a lullaby as I lay her down and rub her back soothingly. She falls asleep within a few minutes.
I believe most people are good
“Alright… I’ll, um, just go change and, ah, be right back then.”
“I’m here Sherlock, I’m here.” John interlocks his fingers with Sherlock’s when he reaches the bed.
“Yeah, well the speakers I wanted to listen to at the conference cancelled. Besides I missed being with you and Rosie too much.”
“How long is this blasted event John?”
“Watson where is my blue dressing gown?”
“Ah, and how long am I going to ‘owe you’?” he queries.
Sherlock looks at John, “I’m not leaving you here alone.” Rubbing John’s shoulder again, “I’ve been solving everything that was in the inbox, even the boring cases. I thought we could use the money to pay your hospital bill, you did get injured while on the job after all. Do we still have the joint PayPal account?”
The next parcel held a tiny replica of a violin, a miniature Stradivarius to be exact. John just stood staring at it in the entryway until Mrs. Hudson came back in from her shopping.
“When did you realize John was the one for you?”
I should have known Sherlock would notice my discomfort. “Yes. No. Stress headache, I’m fine.”
Taking a deep breath, John informs Mycroft “However, I do need help with finding someone to take Mary’s belongings, selling the townhouse, furniture and car. Sherlock and I cleared the house of everything we wanted out of it.”
I quickly glance at him and away again. “Right. This kind of stuff isn’t easy for me... I was wondering since we’re getting married. If you would, um, ah, liketoadoptRosieofficially.” It comes out quickly as one garbled word.
“Yes, sentiment, not as bad as my brother portrayed.” Rubbing John’s back, “Go to sleep, I’ll be here when you wake.”
“That’s better” John agrees.
“No. I’m good.” Slightly slurred.
He shaved.
Sherlock nods in agreement “Yes that would be good. I didn’t catch the road in the wrong place” he admits.
I moan, it feels so fucking good. “Look at you, so lovely with my cock in your mouth.” He groans in appreciation, god that feels even better! “You make such pretty sounds, you can’t get me in deep enough can you? You’re such a pretty cock slut.” He increases suction, damn he’s fantastic at this. I’m not going to last much longer. He’s looking at me though his lashes, his eyes are dark. Sherlock pulls off and licks a stripe up the bottom of my cock then bends lower and draws a testicle in his mouth. He licks up the underside of my cock again then swallows me down to the root again. He bobs his head a few times, running his tongue over the slit. Then swallows me down again.
I’m able to remove my jeans and pants one-handed. I do need some help with my sling and shirts, especially for the next few days. Sherlock steps up without asking, after yesterday, I’m thinking he’s extra eager to please me. “Did you have any trouble finding the key?” as I reach for my toothbrush.
It can’t stay there now with Rosie starting to walk and getting into everything, much too dangerous. But my curiosity is also getting the better of me as I pull it out.
Sorry this one is late, my family celebrates on both Christmas Eve and Day.
“Yeah, don’t see why I can’t do a few locum shifts. You calling in Vega today or should I stay?” Really hoping he can go home. “Actually, see if Vega can come in. I still have some side effects from my concussion.”
“Why? Give me one good reason to go back to that, that lying bitch! Nothing she’s told me is the truth, not even her bloody name!”
The high pitched giggle she let out startled me a bit. Thankfully I was able to suppress a laugh, I spotted Sherlock biting his lower lip trying not to laugh himself. Bunny gives me a simpering smile and begins her story, “I seem to have a stalker. Last week I was at the coffee shop and this man bumped into me. He didn’t apologize or anything! Quite rude.”
“I know, I know. While you’re there, see if there is a location between San Francisco and Boonville?” I try to distract him.
“Spanked?” I can’t help the giggle that comes out. “I’m sorry, it’s just imagining you over my lap being spanked like a bad school boy...sorry!”
As I head back to the kitchen I hear Rosie babble “Shlock” and giggle. Sherlock is tickling her toes when I walk through the doorway.
“Tell you what, I’ll make another batch, for cinnamon rolls. We can freeze half the rolls for a future date. Want to help?” hopeful, barely breathing while talking.
“Oh no Mr. Holmes, I would lose my license!” John giggles in response.
Mrs. H picked orchids for boutonnieres with sprigs of maidenhair fern, they are quite lovely. She even has matching corsages for Rosie and Molly. She and Molly volunteered, since Molly couldn’t handle dressing Sherlock, to get Rosie ready for the wedding. I brought a freshly bathed Rosie along with her dress and hair clips to her flat.
“Ok, first picture front of the house with a door” The house is on numerous posts, anywhere from two to four feet in height from the picture. There are tarps covering the posts on the higher side. A large pile of log rounds is off to the left of the steps.
Kevin looks around the room “Training mostly.” I give him a furrowed look “I’ve had a high success rate liberating captured troops alive. I have been hired to train others how to do what I do. Occasionally the situation is too sensitive and I have to run a mission myself. Next month I’ll be training a new set of recruits, they’ll run a mock operation at the end. Most fail my high standards.” Kevin shrugs.
“You didn’t wait for Lestrade and the Yarders to show up, you left me behind… Let’s see, a punishment is in order. What to do…hmmm?” I give him another piece of his sandwich to chew and take a sip of my tea. I then reach over and take another bite of my sandwich, a bit of the melty peanut butter and honey mixture drip out onto my lap. An idea hits me… I quirk a smile at him and take another drippy bite.
Sherlock and I follow Lestrade to his office, he closes the door. I couldn’t help but notice Sherlock was walking a bit strange. “You alright?” He looks me in the eye, flick down to his crotch and then back up. “Oh! Okay, right, never mind.” He’s still wearing the cock cage, must have gotten excited about Donovan getting called out finally. I really can’t help the grin that forms.
“Hmmm, let’s see; Kevin says it is about half way between Boonville and Manchester.” I get up with my laptop and set it next to his on the coffee table. I sit and look at the map he brings up.
Sherlock changed Rosie into one of the cute outfits we picked up earlier today while I showered.
By the time we turn and follow, Kevin already climbed back into the jeep. Sherlock closes the door behind me as I go to settle Rosie and myself in the front seat again. We take off down the road to see what else we can find. Kevin has us head out then turn back down the hill. We drive by two more places “I almost moved into this place when I got here. It was summer and hotter than hell up here, much cooler down by the creek.” As we drive by a large place with an attached garage and fenced gardens front and rear. “I ended up making a deal with the previous owners to allow them access, for a small fee, and they can keep this place and another. They are responsible for the upkeep though. I see I’ll have to remind them to clear the brush around here again.” As we drive by.
Sherlock clinked his glass against his husbands once more, “To the good old days.”
“For loving our daughter as much as you do.” I smile back
“I need a passport ASAP for Rosie. Sherlock and I are going to America.”
“Yes, yes, no problem. I’m here Monday through Friday, 9-5.” Opening a desk drawer “Now, where did I put that camera… Ah, here it is!”
Sherlock continues to drive down the hill, we end up back at the water tank. Kevin taps Sherlock on the shoulder “If you turn left I can show you where a couple more cabins used to be. Otherwise we’ll just end up back at the house.”
“Sherlock, why are you putting these aside?” pointing to a pile of jumpers, socks, pants and a couple button down shirts; a few of which were taken out of the suitcase.
“How long?” Mycroft asks while looking at me. I sit, glaring back.
His arms are still around me, holding me from behind. I gently lean back into his touch. Sherlock’s arm snakes around to hold me gently across the chest and one hand over my stomach. His hot breath is on my neck as he kisses me working his way to gently nibble my earlobe “thank you sir”. He moves away to continue working with the greens. I can’t help but feel something is missing. I supress a moan, collect myself and step into the lounge with Rosie. I haven’t taken anything and yet I’m feeling a bit intoxicated. I can tell it’s going to be a long night.
“Why didn’t you two date earlier then?”
“You never have to go back to that Clinic, you can stay home with me and Rosie until you start teaching next year.” Sherlock murmurs back.
Sherlock gives me a surprised look “You know? How? Never mind. It should be fine. I’ll go and get it.” He’s beaming as he walks back in Rosie’s room a couple minutes later. “Is there anything in particular you want to hear?” he asks softly.
As of now, the only one without an injury is the man with the beer gut but he’s staying well back from the action by the desk along the rear wall, hands up in supplication. Broken nose starts to rise only to be hit across the temple by the whip handle, knocking him unconscious. Neck guy is still gasping, trying to breathe. Leaving sore back guy and the one with a tender groin. Tender groin is starting to rise so John kicks the man in the chin, knocking him out cold.
“Two?” I choke out.
I cup his face in my hands lightly “So, dinner with your folks then. Mycroft coming?”
“A little bit when I found your Papa.” Sherlock has the base of the snowman ready when John lifts the middle on top it.
John swats playfully at Sherlock’s hip, “Git” said lovingly.
Barrister Henri Daggett, not our client, but, I am his. Evidently, someone thought it would be a good idea to take me in front of a magistrate for assault (see blog post ‘Head Bangers’). I still experience side-effects from the injuries resulting from my two attackers, but memory loss was never one of them. My testimony and copies of the police files lawyer Daggett took before the Judge were enough for them to drop all charges.
When we arrived Donovan was manning the crime-scene-tape again. She scowled at us as we went by but for once refrained from saying anything.
“When my mother and I stop by to visit we are told by Kim we have to make an appointment to see my aunt!” Miss Ouellette pulls out her phone and brings up a picture, enlarging it before handing it over to Sherlock. “This is a picture Kim put on Facebook of my aunt. You can clearly see bruises on her forearms. The bruises look consistent with abuse. Those look like they were created by someone gripping her arms too tightly; those are clearly fingermarks.
The amount of blood Sherlock lost in the short time it took to restrain the attacker alarmed the Doctor in John. Greg quickly called an ambulance while berating his men as John fought to stem the flow of blood coming from his husbands wound.
Sherlock intrigued, “John could have stayed here after graduating? He was that good?”
John is slumped on the couch, a bag of frozen peas over his left forearm on the sofa’s armrest. Mrs. Hudson is sitting next to him, fussing with the orange blanket draped over his shoulders. Two ignored, still steaming cups of tea sit on the coffee table in front of them. They glance at the doorway as Sherlock skids to a halt.
Now we are debating where to spend Christmas - London, Sussex or France.
They are huddled near a broken window in an abandoned warehouse. “Did you text Greg this time? I’d hate to go running after criminals again without backup, we have a kid to think of.” John whispers, watching their five suspects through what’s left of their dingy warehouse window.
I hear the snick of the tube of lube opening. Shortly, I can feel one of Sherlock’s fingers circling my hole. He gently inserts a fingertip in, I can’t help but tense at first. I force myself to relax as he pulls out and back in again, going a bit deeper. He thrusts his finger in again and again. “Sherlock please, another” I beg of him after a few minutes.
Curfew started at sunset, if spotted he would be hard pressed to prove that he was a free man without his identification. Just as that thought crossed his mind, a police car turned the corner at the far end of the block, heading in his direction along with a closer flash of lighting and report of thunder. He could clearly see the entry door to his building when the police car pulled over in front of him. Blue lights flashing as the two uniformed officers order him to stop. While looking around hopeful of spotting someone who can say he belongs here, the man only notices curtains being flicked tightly closed.
Mrs. Hudson turns back with Greg’s plate of food. “Play nice boys. How do you want your eggs Sherlock?”
Sherlock snarls out over his shoulder “You know where to find me” without stopping.
After the lighthouse we (Sherlock) drove into Point Arena where we sat near the pier watching the tide while having our picnic on the rocky beach. Sherlock found some shells and a few bits of seaweed he picked up for experiments. In the end we were getting a bit chilled as the fog was starting to roll in and had hot coffee at the pier side café to warm up. The biggest surprise of the day was our waitress telling us about a preserve nearby with Giraffes and Zebra! Sherlock tipped her well, he said she could use the money. He called for an immediate reservation to see the B. Bryan Preserve, not sure how, but Sherlock somehow deduced the man over the phone and managed to get us in.
From the crowd on the brides’ side of the church a light-haired man with blue eyes stands up and shouts, “The baby is mine! Mary, I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you!”
John gives Sherlock a knowing look, “Better yet, we get to use the food processor.”
“Yeah John, we can do this. Then we can pop down to your barber then grab some lunch.”
Sherlock bounds up the stairs, two at a time, shouting, “John! John are you alright?”
Kevin lifts his binoculars, aiming them at the right target.
“You don’t or never what Sherlock? I want to help.” Picking up the tea and cradling the warm mug in his hands while watching Sherlock pace, waiting a moment. John’s head throbs, “For God sake stop pacing,” he pats the bed next to him again, “come, talk to me. Please?”
“You rushed us out so fast, I figured you grabbed it.” John growls back. “You’re not telling me we’re not armed, are you? Fuck, and can you tell me why we only seem to chase dangerous criminals after dark?” Voice rising.
Sherlock slings the diaper bag over his shoulder while picking up his and John’s suitcases. “They were singing about being a walrus John! A walrus!” Moving up the driveway, “I will select the music for the drive back to London, it is bad enough you listen to that drivel while at home, but while stuck in a vehicle for hours with no means of escape…” The rant fades out as Sherlock disappears into the house.
“Everything became even worse around eighteen months ago when Nancy, in a drunken state of depression, successfully committed suicide by shooting herself in the head.”
“Happy Christmas Sherlock.”
“Now who’s the Doc? Sherlock says you want to show us around, let me freshen up a bit and we can go.” I swallow two pills with the water. I still feel tired but I rise when Sherlock moves, and follow them out of the room.
“Breakfast. John has been teaching me how to cook. I decided to surprise him with scones this morning.” Tossing slices of butter in the processor.
“Yeah. Mycroft called to let me know he and the Holmes family lawyer will be stopping by to go over this. He wants to keep you out of the courts. You remembering everything will be a deterrent for them to keep going.” Greg hands John the papers, “I was supposed to give you a summons to show up in court, but your lawyer will do so with your testimony instead.”
Once again Kevin climbs out the back, greets the dogs and then heads inside.
Harry tries to speak, it gets stuck and she tries again “John, I’m sorry. I messed up haven’t I? God I need help!” Tears are running down her face, leaving black mascara tracks.
“Cooking is just science John. I didn’t always survive on takeout and toast. I have a chicken to roast along with assorted root vegetables and a salad.” The smell from the oven smells good already. Over by the sink is a pile of greens.
“I am well aware you are not a prostitute John. I’m sure we can make… a satisfactory arrangement.”
“You’re mine, I saw you first! I fucking shot you in Afghanistan so I could get you. Damn the army and their suppressants. I’m taking what I want and nobody is going to stop me!” Sebastian Moran declares with a growl. “Jim says I can have you while he takes that meddling Holmes for himself.”
The boxes stopped for an agonizing six weeks after the jar of sand.
18th June
Squaring his shoulders, standing tall and picking up a hanger on which a dove grey tuxedo is carefully hung.
We walk the rest of the way in silence leading our private parade. Behind us the red light goes out on the camera and the people in black suits start collecting chairs.
I take the offered holster and pistol. Load the clip, find a stance, put a round in the chamber and fire a shot into the hole Sherlock left in the middle of the target. Following his example, I make sure Rosie is still happy before emptying my clip in bullseye as well, right handed. I remove the empty clip and insert a new one, put another round in the chamber and empty the clip into the bullseye using my left hand. It feels good to shoot again.
John watched the exchange and noticed a discoloration under Sherlock’s jacket when he turned to watch Greg leave. “Sherlock, were you cut? Let me look at it.” Beckoning Sherlock closer with his right hand.
“January 29th”
“I don’t love her now Sherlock, she shot you!”
“Hmm?” Noncommittal noise over his shoulder as I watch him spoon more warm wheat cereal into Rosie’s open mouth.
“John, ever since Sherlock’s been back from the dead, you’ve been absent more than you’ve been here. Dr. Gil Vega has been filling in for you. He would like more hours, I’m seriously considering giving him yours.” Sarah slightly annoyed accosts him.
“Behave then.” John orders as he stars up the stairs, “Oh and we won’t be pouring you anymore alcohol either.” John growls at her over his shoulder.
“Crush? What’s that?” I question
The next day in Greg’s office. “We are looking for Vincent Camorra, part of the Italian Mafia. If I’m correct, and I’m sure I am, he’s operating out of a warehouse near the Thames.” Sherlock states after going over all the evidence collected.
Sherlock’s smile disappears as he jumps up and opens the drapes. “Point him out if you would be so kind.”
I fall asleep stroking his hair.
“She was an ex-CIA operative gone rouge with three others freelancing their way around the world. Their last job, for the British government went bad. Very bad.
“Should have grabbed a couple of my homeless network to help load the lorry.” Sulking.
From the other side of Rosie, Violet lightly places a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder in front of her, “Maybe we can stop on the way back and have a quick look around. John never saw the old place in the daylight…”
He nods, “I agree. I have no desire for anyone else.”
“Oh God no. I haven’t asked Sherlock yet, I texted you both to meet me here. I’m glad you arrived before he did… I thought I should talk with you first since… you’d be more, ah, amenable, to my request seeing as Sherlock is gay.” Molly interrupts.
“Why do you keep calling me by my Christian name?”
We have a lovely view of the setting sun while enjoying our meal. Patrick brings our starters along with a few extra napkins. Rosie, somehow, is eating neatly, course Sherlock is mostly feeding her. She always has eaten neater for him. Sherlock picked out a few softer pieces of fruit from his salad for Rosie to try. Then he’d take a small spoonful of my soup and drizzle it into her mouth without fuss.
“Coming right up. I was thinking we could take Rosie to the park later if you’re free.” I place a pan on the burner then break eggs into a bowl and start to beat them up.
Scowling, he observes the date on the file, “Why has it taken so long to inform me of this?” he growls, glaring at his slave.
“John, I know you probably can’t hear me and if you do you will think you were dreaming anyway… so here goes.” Deep breath. “I don’t, strike that. I can’t go on without you anymore. I need you. I love you. Please wake up.” Sniff. “Fucking therapist and her ‘I’ statements…” grumbled.
“Can we put my hat on yet Daddy?”
Sherlock gives John a knowing look, “I know boredom, believe me. Fine. Hand me the socks then, you haven’t gotten the index quite right yet.” Smiling at the end.
Coughing again, “The officer at the station who booked me wouldn’t listen to anything I said, I didn’t see his name tag and the others only referred to him as ‘Sarge.’ I told him my name and why I didn’t have any documentation. I was never allowed to call anyone, Bart’s would have backed up my claim.” Stamford nods while working. “I was stripped, searched and placed in a holding cell with several others overnight. In the morning we were shackled together and shoved into the back of a van. Once we arrived at the new location we were separated. I was stripped and searched again, deloused then thrown into a cell with only a pair of threadbare pants for modesty and warmth. Not sure about the others but I was only given a piece of bread once a day through a flap in the bottom of the cell door. Thankfully there was a spigot for water over the toilet in a corner of the cell.”
I can’t help but lean in and give him a quick kiss. “Is there anything else I should know about Sherlock?”
Mycroft must still be following us on the CCTV for there is a black sedan waiting for us outside the A&E. Without a word Sherlock gets in the back and I follow a bit more gingerly. We don’t say a thing, caught in our own thoughts. My anger is simmering all the way back to the flat. I don’t want to have an argument in front of Mycroft’s people.
Kevin gives him a funny look as Sherlock holsters the pistol and takes Rosie from my arms so I can shoot.
“This is nice, should help keep us warm” John hands Sherlock his prepared tea, “I have a slight improvement though.” Grinning, John goes down the hall and comes back with the sheets from the bed. John then moves their chairs closer with the ‘client’ chair between, throwing the sheets over them to make a bit of a roof and back wall. “Lean-to, should trap the heat of the fire better.”
“I know what you mean. Mrs. Turner and I bet who would pay for the next holiday, I won of course.” Mrs. H sounds proud over the speaker. “You go on dear, I can finish up in here. You and John have a big day in front of you.”
Cooking Up a Storm
“Oh? How can I help, need me to babysit this little one?” She hugs Rosie to her and rocks her back and forth.
“You know, I think of you more as Rosie’s grandmother than a godmother. I’m sure she will think that way as well as she grows up. Heck, she already calls you ‘nana’. My folks are both gone and heaven only knows what family Mary had if any.” I supply, Sherlock had the right gist.
“But this… we were struggling… I was working double shifts…” John stammers. Slamming his left fist on the stuffed arm of the couch, rising a cloud of dust, “Lies, lies and more LIES!” The last bellowed.
“Of course. John?” Mycroft is calm.
I can’t help my indignant question “Mafia? You want to get us involved with the bloody Russian Mafia? Are you fucking insane?” I look at Sherlock in alarm at that spark of interest in his eyes.
“I know, I love you too.”
“I’m game if you are. But my days of being able to chug half a keg of beer are long over though.” Grinning at Sherlock’s confused look. Adding a bit more seriously, “do your parents know we’re together now?”
Smiling, “My thoughts exactly.” Turning to kiss Sherlock then Rosie. “Let me just pop these in the wash then I’ll be ready to go.”
“Yeah, I have them.” Pointing to the top of the refrigerator “Haven’t had the time to put them on yet. I still have to pick up a gate for the top of the stairs as well, maybe two if she is to spend time in our room. We did move what was breakable higher up while cleaning up the mess Euros left. Just need to keep her out of the odd experiment now.” I smile at Sherlock during the last.
John returns to the lounge, hanging up Sherlock’s coat and scarf as Mrs. Hudson looks up and frowns as Sherlock is not behind him. “Sherlock went up to tend Rosie, she’s awake.” He reassures her, massaging his right temple. “Thank you for your company ladies and for the lessons. I need to go lay down, you’re all welcome to stay as long as you need to.”
Sherlock takes a breath, “We have leftover curry, and I was going to heat up a plate. Would you like some?”
“You are so tight. So tight and so hot...” He keeps plying me with three fingers. I look at him and notice Sherlock trying to hide his nerves, I’ve never asked this of him before. It takes my lust addled brain a moment to comprehend. “You won’t hurt me love, I know you. Please Sherlock, I need you, hurry up and fuck me, now!”
“Hmmm, no. Too much work up front, maybe after you’ve been warmed up a bit.” She slaps John backhanded across the face with her knife free hand.
I run my hand up his right forearm “Good boy” I hook the carabiner to the D-ring on the leather cuff. I walk around the bed to do the same to the left arm. “Such a beautiful boy, so gorgeous. Such a helpful boy.” I slap his left butt cheek, he gasps, I caress where I hit him. I slap his right cheek then caress again. “So good, such a good handsome boy.” I continue to smack, caress and praise until my right hand is as red as his arse cheeks.
“Did you buy Sherlock anything? It’s customary for the bride and groom to exchange gifts, or in your case the groom and groom. Also something for your groomsman.”
“You know I don’t eat while I’m on a case…” Sherlock begins as John cautiously sits, avoiding touching the back of the chair.
“No, it’s not that. We need to go shopping.”
“Are you so homophobic you can’t be happy for your friend? You really didn’t seem the type, but I am wrong on occasion.” I growl, he cringes.
“I sleep very little, you know that.”
Kevin is satisfied “The clips are in the holsters in the Jeep. Let me grab them along with the little one’s ear protection.” He walks over to the Jeep, throwing over his shoulder “I can hold her while you two shoot if you want.”
John licks his lips, clears his throat, and makes eye contact again, “Have you…”
Sherlock quietly opens the street door to Baker Street and lightly treks up the 17 steps to flat B so as not to startle a dozing Rosie. John left the hall door to the lounge open to allow a warm mid-June breeze to flow though. Sherlock spots John in the kitchen, facing the counter humming and swaying his hips to the beat of a song on the radio. Mesmerized by John’s movements, Sherlock enjoys the show for a few minutes before speaking.
The guard with the broken nose and two black eyes has a now uncuffed John by a short leash, pulling the leather limited choke collar tight enough to restrict breathing. “You choke my slave much more and I’ll give you a broken arm to go with that nose.” Sherlock snarls at him.
“My therapist Ella is rather useless even though I keep going back to her. But she did persuade me to do one thing – there are things I wanted to say to you all along but didn’t. I need to say them to you now.
“Yes Doctor” Sherlock smirks and takes a bite. “I’ve missed this… us.” Not looking at John.
Smiling “Figured I’d give you your physical today. Blood draw should be taken after at least a 12-hour fast. You didn’t eat or have coffee or tea during this case, I’m going to take advantage of it.”
“I’ll be fine. I haven’t had a seizure since the first one in hospital. I don’t have a headache right now thanks to your massage earlier. Go out for a couple hours, have fun. Relax. Unwind.”
“Really, now why would I want to do that?” I can almost hear the sneer through the phone.
“Molly and Mrs. Hudson are watching her at Baker Street. She misses us but is doing fine, I’ve talked to her on the phone every day.” Assuring, “The Doctor needs to check you out. I need to press your call button, they wanted to know when you woke.” Sherlock finds and presses the call button with his free hand to attract a nurse. “I’m sorry I put you in danger, I only saw indications for one killer, not a team.” Nervous.
“Keep your voice down!” Sherlock shushes, “Criminals prefer the dark that way fewer people can see what they’re up to.”
I turn and go back up the stairs, Sherlock follows me. When he comes through the door I turn and cup my hands on either side of his face and pull him down for a kiss. I have wanted to do that for years! He is stiff at first but relaxes into it and soon has his lips parted. As we kiss deeper and deeper his knees start to weaken and the sheet drops. He is already hard; I am not far behind.
“Mrs. Hudson will keep her in check. Besides we made a list of everything we might need. Surprisingly we had the ingredients the recipe the internet recommended for gingerbread construction.”
Kevin steps back as Sherlock reloads and adjusts his aim. From my angle looks like the 200-yard target. He goes through the motions again. Just after he fires we hear a metallic ‘ping’ from the bullet hitting its target. Adjusting the bags again, Sherlock aims a bit higher. He reloads and once again we hear a metallic ‘ping’ of the last target being hit. Emptying the rifle, leaving the breach open to cool, Sherlock racks the rifle. My turn.
“Two?”
Sherlock seems to know where he’s going and doesn’t need any additional directions from Kevin. We notice five more piles of cement pillars heading back. Kevin instructs Sherlock “just park out front for now.”
A half hour after the mess from supper was cleared, Tom Burton went up to the ‘office’ to rest in advance of his assigned patrol duty later that night.
“Well, it’s obvious you don’t care about me.” Turning away, “I expect you and your belongings to be gone when I get back.”
Running a finger down the page, “He was picked up three weeks ago after curfew attempting to burgle a house in Brixton. It was his third strike. (Shaking his head.) Nothing about the military in here.” Looking up and shrugging.
“You tell me.” Handing over a cooked scrap.
Sherlock was smug with his effort and seems even more so now. He lifts his muffs “I didn’t know you could shoot with both hands John. You usually use your right…”
Squeezing John’s hand still in his, “Come along John. We have some mistletoe at home that needs to be tested.”
Thankfully, the first suspect they caught up with, Isaack Burrell, was fairly easy to apprehend. John was able to subdue him with minimal effort. Sherlock handcuffed the man to a secure pipe at the alley entrance with a pair of handcuffs stolen from Lestrade the week before. NSY should be able to easily find their location using him as a clue even in the dim twilight light, they weren’t that far behind; the sound of sirens coming closer filled the air. John took off after the two other suspects with Sherlock following at his heels for a change.
Frowning “I don’t understand the folded towel…”
It rings twice before being answered, “Sherlock is everything alright, I just received a report of an ambulance being called to your flat.”
When he’s sudsy all over I’ve had all I could handle, I need some relief. “Kneel boy, suck me” I order.
They waste no time checking John out as I start filling out his paperwork. I’ve texted Mycroft as to our locale and situation so far. Just as I finish filling out the form the fax machine behind the nurses’ station comes to life. The Nurse looks at the pages and asks “Who is Doctor John H Watson-Holmes? Is he new?” to the room in general.
John starts to speak but Sherlock stops him with a raised hand, “If you are chipped, we can have it removed and tested. If I’m correct, and I more than likely am, they installed a modern chip. If so, it is more evidence against them.” Sherlock informs John gently. “I do know a tattoo artist who owes me a favour, so we can have the slave mark altered or covered.”
Sherlock smiles and glances at me fondly while replying, “Some do come to their senses and ask for help though.”
Mrs. Hudson has heard us come in and lets us know Rosie is sound asleep in her flat. We’ll leave her there until the morning.
He clears his throat and clicks open the next picture “The ‘Master’ it’s listed as, smallish. Looks like the one directly across from the bathroom.” Clicks another link “listed as ‘small guest’, looks like a twin bed. There are rails on the sides, an armoire, wall closet and a pair of breakfronts; lots of storage in here. Rosie will like this room.” He clicks on the next picture “the label on this one is ‘big guest’, more than likely our room. Looks like queen size iron bed, what looks like a decent sized wardrobe and a couple breakfronts. Another woodstove and a pile of wood in the corner, is that the only heating source?”
Mumbled, “Okay, I’m coming…” louder, “See if Mrs. Hudson can look after Rosie.” John calls down the stairs while putting on his shoes.
She walks behind John to pick up a loaded nail gun from the work table next to Sherlock. “Let’s see what this will do shall we?” Sounding all pleasant and pleased with the world. Robert is giggling while aiming his gun at a squirming Sherlock’s head.
I command “Hold the lock still.” I turn the key and remove the lock. “In the shower, wash the cage and yourself thoroughly. I want you clean enough to eat off of boy.” Captain Watson is aroused.
“He did buy an old hunting club. Open the next email, he sent several; probably more pictures.” I rub Sherlock’s thigh.
“Well Sebastian is looking forward to bonding with Sherlock regardless. We’ve had to up the dowry as he’s soiled goods now.” Sherlock recoils at his father’s statement.
“John will be fine, nothing was broken; a couple bruised ribs, mild concussion. He’s having a rest with Rosie in the bedroom.” Glancing at the clock, then at Greg, “So what was Muldoon on?”
“We hardly ever heard any praise about Carol who graduated with honours. She went a bit wild in University but settled down fairly quickly and earned a degree. She now works as a nutritionist at a hospital in Cornwall. She became a born again Christian, married a man from her Church and together they have three children, a boy, Caleb, and two girls, Sarah and Rebekah. They live on a small estate with a large home, inherited by her husband.
“No!”
“I don’t know…”
The next afternoon Lestrade is let into 221 Baker Street by Mrs. Hudson. Knocking while walking through the open door of the flat, he spies Sherlock at the kitchen table looking at a slide in the microscope. Glancing around he doesn’t spot John, but the coat he was wearing the other night is hanging next to Sherlock’s on the wall. “Hey Sherlock. How’s John doing? I came by to check on him and let you know the results of the toxin screen on Moose Muldoon.”
“Oh, that reminds me.” I reach into the pocket of the nappy bag pulling out the sterilized collection tubes. “I packed you a surprise as well.” Handing them over.
“No, I keep a public blog and a private diary. I, um, think I even called out Sherlock’s name when I, ah, came that night too.”
Sherlock gently removes the sweatshirt from John as Lestrade removes the bottoms and socks, leaving John naked. Together they gently position the man on his stomach in the bed, John passes out almost instantly as his head hits the pillow. Sherlock pulls up a blanket, leaving the sores exposed and gently pats the back of John’s left thigh, “No one will hurt you, you are safe here.” Before pulling the curtains shut and closing the door shut behind him.
“I’m not out of your league John, you’re out of mine!”
“If you love Sherlock so much, how come you married Mary?”
Waving at a blond woman in the front row, “Oooh, we have a bid! Can we get another £50?”
From the landing below Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson speaks up, “I heard the call of the wild. You’re just lucky most of my bridge group is on holiday this week or I wouldn’t be at home boys.”
Giving his husband a quick kiss on the cheek, “Two songs per age class. This is the last for Rosie’s year, only five more age groups to go.” Sherlock’s eyes go wide in horror as John explains further, “The performances should improve as the children get older though.”
