is too fucking much. They’re joined in every conceivable way, blanketed in scents of
He surges forward, crashing together, chest to chest, and if Dean whines into his mouth as they collide then that’s his business. Cas eats it up, drinks down every sound through a snarl and Dean throbs at the implications. His brain screams for him to present, his whole body burning with the carnal need to submit and, if not for Cas’ body pressed to his, he probably would.
Yeah, right. The trowel slices through the ground with more resistance than he was expecting.
No one wants to bring up Cas.
Dean stares up at the hollow of his lover's throat, thinking of how easy it would be to sink his teeth into the sinuous flesh there and leave a bruise for days. Cas stares right back like he's witness to something incredible; a shooting star or a volcanic eruption or the way Dean smirks, all defiance, like he's winning this fight. The throb of Cas against his thigh says he has. The way Cas surges in for a kiss says the jury's still out on that one.
Love took him by surprise.
Ever since Meg had brought it up, rifling through books on witchcraft, black magic and more with two empty bottles of merlot and a third steady on the way and the taste of salt permanently fused to his tongue from all the tears, he hadn't been able to get it off his mind.
.” She bites, self-control kicking into overdrive as Dean’s melts away completely. “I’ll drop him a memo but, honey, this merger’s been on the books for months now and Zac ain’t joking around. It’s been the only thing on Clarence’s mind ‘cept for your nethers. If he doesn’t come out of that conference room with a signed contract—”
“Oh yeah,” Sam’s voice comes tinny through his phone speaker, reverberating against the porcelain of the sink. It’s not often Dean takes calls while he’s in the bath but he hasn’t heard from Sam in a week so it’s nice to catch up and relax at the same time. Multitasking. The lemon mint scent of the bath salts Charlie gifted him last spring solstice is headachey; rich and vibrant and, yeah. Kinda grounding in the way he feels his magic simmer to attention beneath his skin, kinda unsettling in the way he knows he’s gonna smell like dessert for hours after. He shoulda used the chamomile salts instead. Benny’s blends never let him down before. “Tried and tested, man. Ro and I have used it a bunch of times. Full moons, planetary alignments, holidays, anniversaries. It’s a good time.”
Cas presses a swift, chaste kiss to the corner of his mouth. In the grand scheme of things, it’s nothing. However, Dean has learned to count the small things and find treasure in the gaps between monumental events, stretched out in little infinities. This is theirs. Calm settles over him, a balm against the ferocity of his heat. He relaxes into it. It’s good. Just having Cas near is
Castiel Novak, 31, is making out with a demon and he can't find it in himself to find a problem with that.
. Each pulse inside him is warm, comforting, soothing the ragged edge of his abated heat and it calls to his own aching cock as Cas reaches around to touch it, drags weak pulses from him with tight jerks of his fist. It’s pleasure on the knife edge of pain and it’s so good, so incredibly good, that Dean doesn’t mind when the salt of tears catches on his lip.
The looks he gets in response as he shoves Dean backwards is priceless. The solid single knocks the air right out of him and Cas zeroes in on the breathless laugh he gets as an answer. Those just aren't the sounds you’d expect demons to make. Then again, his knowledge of demonology is limited to Rowena’s library and this sole encounter so… maybe, he’s in for more where that came from.
lucifer and michael's swords bicker over diner food on a highway stop — cain and abel competing for the favour of god — and when the angels call your name, you hesitate.
He looks at Jack just to see depths of blue, so painfully familiar and welled up with unshed tears. He’s no longer crying, just whimpering in the way he does when he wants to be held, to be cradled — he’d started it when they first tried him on solid foods, teething at mashed bananas then pouting to be picked up, wrapped up in someone else’s warmth. It’s not like Dean can do much else aside from what he’s already doing.
Sam had been a fussy kid but at least he slept through the night. Dean remembers climbing in the crib with him time after time, sleeping beside him even though John told him he was stupid for doing so. But Dean was four, a child himself, and didn’t know anything other than responsibility. He had to fight the monsters. He had to keep Sammy safe.
brings him even closer, impossibly deeper, and his knot is right there for the taking. It’s right there, teasing the edge of his rim on every stroke It’s right there but not settled inside him yet. Why?
one day you’ll feel the warmth of it’s touch without mistaking it for hellfire.
Dean might not be great with words. He might not know how to approach things delicately. He might always be a self-hating son of a bitch. He might drink too much, swear too much and lose himself in hunts sometimes. He might feel like John Winchester still pulls his strings from wherever he ended up. He might feel like he failed his family, his brother, all the friends he lost along the way. He might not know how to let himself be loved.
college roommates au
your angel, your father, your life.
Fat tears roll down his cheeks.
God, sex is good.
It only takes a few minutes to clear everything up, send the kid—Kevin, a friend of Charlie’s from college who just happened to have self-proclaimed ‘elite’ taste in literature—on his way and get the rest of the staff in order. Cas helps Eileen with the shelf (a product of crappy IKEA handiwork) and Crowley sits there with his smarmy grin and offers them all a ‘brew’, which is Queen’s English for ‘please let me slack off in the kitchenette for fifteen minutes while you deal with this chaos for me’.
Sam perches beside her, reaching to wipe away one of the tears. It drifts from the pad of his thumb, dissipating in the circulated air like smoke. He says something like
“hello, dean. what were you dreaming about?”
Jack is so small in his arms, a tiny thing, and Dean doesn’t want to love him. Doesn't want to feel the same protective urges he felt the last time he was put in this role.  Looking down at his pinched face, clenched fists, uvula trembling as he screams and screams and screams, he's powerless to stop them.
“No. She’ll want to hear it from me. You know what she’s like.”
“Usually it’s ‘
“I could say the same thing.” Cas breathes, catching the shell of Dean’s ear with his lip. Dean shudders, winces. “You okay?”
“Is that a request?”
“Holy fuck.”
he is not yours to save. ad infinitum.
” Cas had said, breathless from all the… attention.  He’s beautiful; always has been, always will be.
Time passes differently with your heart in your throat.
It’s not a question of
Well, he doesn’t tell Sam everything. Cas coming out to Kelly — that’s private.
Sam found them later, in front of the dwindling fire. There’s still no sign of clean blankets but he hands Cas’ trench coat to Dean like a lifeline. They wrap Jack in it together, the worn lining soft against his brand new flesh. He fusses at the material but settles back into Dean’s arms as he is held.
earlier on, flash crimson. Sclera and all. Then he blinks and the horror is gone. The urge to scream catches in Cas’s throat.
girl and now she’s sleeping in the bunker with enough leftovers packed in the refrigerator to last her the week and a fresh load of laundry in the dryer that smells like baby powder and an oil change on her piece of shit car and a polaroid of Jack tucked into her wallet and—
"Look at you," It's a prayer, with the reverence one reserves for God, and Dean's never been closer. Yeah, prepping first had been a great fucking idea. "I don't deserve you at all.”
Dean’s not looking at him, intentionally or not, but Cas can see his eyes glitter in the dim light. Then they’re slipping closed and he smiles as smoke slips from his nose.
“Ain’t my first rodeo, Sammy.” He sips at his coffee, watching as Sam preps breakfast. He hadn’t even asked, just started whipping up pancake batter with the egg replacer he likes. Dean’s grateful for that. “And hey, you turned out fine.”
” against his lips as he falls, pulling himself off with slick strokes.
For the honor of holding Dean Winchester’s soul; pure, unmarred by the abominations of hell; he would do it all again.
“Bitch”
“How do you know my name?” Thankfully, his voice doesn’t portray the anxiety he feels. It sounds almost confrontational. Confident. Not that he’s fooling anyone here. This guy appeared out of thin air with a smirk and a devil may care attitude. Wait— does he know the Devil? Like, capital D?
The room spins for a second and then he’s somewhere else, still clutching tight to the infant in his arms, sat on a bed that isn't his own. There’s a crib in the corner but it’s not the same one they picked up second hand from a carpenter just outside the city. There’s a mural on the wall and Dean knows instantly where he is.
He retreats for the quiet reprieve of his room, slams the door and holds Jack tight to his chest. He sits on the mattress as his knees give out, his son in his arms.
Dean peels off his shirt, aiming for the overfilled hamper and missing.
Tentatively, it’s Sam that breaks the silence, one raised brow firmly in place. “Seriously?”
The bathroom of his hotel is pristine, bleach whitened and with a mirror not speckled by the residue of shaving foam. He misses the grime of Dean’s place, misses the handprints left in the steam and marks left like a treasure map on his own body after. Castiel lets himself picture it; how Dean would touch himself, how Dean would touch him. He takes the image and runs. Maybe he’s biting his lip in a sorry attempt to hold himself back from crying out, or maybe he’s not even bothered to push his jeans down further than his hips (like Castiel himself hasn’t, in too much of a rush to even think about the creases to his slacks). Maybe he’s naked, arching his back off the mattress. Maybe he’s been waiting for this all day.
If Dean wraps Jack’s tiny fingers around his own when he’s all alone, that’s his business.
smells good. It takes everything Dean has to not to present himself, needy and willing. The cloth drags higher up, pausing to pay extra attention between his cheeks, cleaning up his mess with deft touches. Something catches on his rim and Dean gasps, eyes snapping open to take in the view.
The desperation of it—the shame—along with Cas’s torturous ministrations do nothing to alleviate the slow and painful throb between his legs. Each deep breath brings more and more of the rich, deep Alpha scent interwoven with his own. Each exhale barely escapes without a whimper. The taste of Castiel, the promise of him, permeates his every pore as Dean swallows, a flimsy facade of bravado falling into place.
Cas goes to work. The hiss Dean lets out as the lube drips against his skin tapers off into a sigh as Cas’s fingers gently massage it into his rim. Gentle. So gentle. As if Dean might disappear if he were to push too hard.
“Cas,” His hand slips down between them, catching on the side of his boyfriend’s waist and trying — oh god, is he trying — to put some space between their bodies. This isn’t a conversation he’s going to be able to have if he can feel how carnally Castiel reacts against his hip. “Cas, hold on a sec.”
for him to realise that. Cas pulls his arm away.
Dean W 04:35 >>
“I don’t know,” Dean hums, pulling him in closer, sharing the warmth. “That’s a bit pricey, don’t you think?”
He clutches Jack a little tighter. “Lucifer is dead.”
“I’m talking about—”
He makes quick work of the zippers that separate them, revelling in the growl he gets from Dean as he brushes over the coarse hair that peeks from beneath the waistband of his boxers. Part of him feels like he’s rushing things, that he should take time learning the taste of Dean’s skin with his tongue, but that part — small as it is — drowns beneath the fire in his gut. When is he ever gonna get an opportunity like this again?
Cas doesn’t know what to say to that. Do demons have types?
“Make me.”
There’s a low laugh from behind him. A kiss. A whisper of flesh against flesh.
A decade of lost time, building up to this; years of maybe’s and almost’s. And now, with the rough slide of Cas’ lips against his own, he can confidently say with all his heart, that it was worth every second.
“What, you need reminding?” The man scoffs and his voice melts like whiskey over gravel. How can it be so impossibly rough and smooth at the same time? Jeez, Cas constantly sounds hoarse no matter what he does to quell it. He’s never felt self-conscious about it before. Is this jealousy? “Come on, man.
“I’m glad we have that in common.” There’s an edge of something there, something he wants, something he’s afraid to ask for.
“That you got this, Cas. You always do. You just gotta do it, you know?” He takes the joint from Cas’ fingers—almost touching but not quite—and places it between his own dry lips, inhaling steadily, slowly. Time stops and it’s just the two of them, surrounded by fumes and each other. “You’re in your head too much, man. Sometimes you just gotta channel all that shit and make it happen. Take a leap.”
Claire steps forward, placing one hand on Dean’s back. She’s shaking, terrified or elated or something between the two. That makes two of them. Her voice sounds adolescent as she clears her throat. “Yeah, well, he’s special.”
“You should’ve told me sooner,” Claire says, voice calm but wavering on the edge of something. Anger, maybe. Dean’s too far gone to tell the difference. “Five months, Dean. I just— I thought it was something I’d done. I thought he didn’t want to talk to me anymore.”
“I encouraged him to sign quickly. Meg helped,” Cas pulls back, resting on his forearm, their faces so close. Dean can taste the coffee on his breath, the heat of it melting against his lips. He wants to whine, to buck up and urge a reaction out of his Alpha. He’s so desperate for it he could come just from the deep gravel of Cas’s voice alone. “Something about me having a better offer waiting.”
Cas doesn't even get the chance to react because one second they're in the middle of the street, spit slick lips and wandering hands, the next they're in his motel room.
He’s crying — screaming, really — with his tiny fist pressed to his mother’s chest. Kelly’s eyes glow golden. She shimmers with divinity and tears of ethereal light streak her face. She’s dead, or she should be, but instead, she’s shining, seeing something that isn’t there.
“Please,” He moans, one palm shooting out to grip Cas’s shoulder. He could’ve crushed it beneath those calloused fingers, turned his bones to dust. He could. But he doesn’t. Instead, he begs.
Thick and warm against him, Cas throbs.
He can’t find the words. Envy gains him nothing and yet it gnaws at his bones like ice. Why Claire? Why now?
Cas spins around as quick as his body allows him and almost forgets to stop himself.
Abandoning the trowel, he nudges the excavated dirt on top of the void of his own making, regretting that he’s still wearing his good shoes and hadn’t had the foresight to slip on sneakers or walking boots or something a little less conspicuous.
"Dean—"
But he can’t lie to her. He should. He really should.
other
rated t
And yet, each time, his human charge would wince away from the noise, palms clamped over his ears, screaming in agony.
He offers a tired smile. Dean returns it. "Skin to skin helps."
The hesitation never really went away, though. It’s not that Cas isn’t enthusiastic. He instigates a lot of the time and fuck if that doesn’t drive Dean wild. There’s no problem with his sex drive. There's no problem with him at all. It’s just that moment just between foreplay and sex and the question — sometimes verbal, usually not — of what happens next. That’s where he hesitates. Like he’s not sure if Dean wants it, not sure if he’s allowed to take it.
It had taken Cas some time to get the ingredients together; grave dirt, the bone of a black cat, and a photograph he didn’t despise. He’d located a crossroad, halfway between the city limits and the middle of nowhere, next to a rundown motel that’s website looked like something from an early 90’s movie and a lonely zero-star review citing simply ‘abysmal’. It had seemed a fitting spot, considering his plans.
“Also, Angels?” He breathes, caught between a breath and a whine. His legs spread wider. Easier access. “Not as unbelievable as you think.”
Claire stills, mouth open in awe.
Dean can’t tell if he’s talking about Jack or himself.
In hindsight, it had been a stupid idea.
—but sometimes something inside of him, raw and primal, negates the learned stubbornness that urges to fight. It craves to be held. Protected. “Crowley was being difficult. Again.”
they call it sin.
Lust rages on.
. The man — Cas isn’t going to refer to him as a demon, he’s
” He doesn’t mean to sound desperate—he really doesn’t—but it rips from him, curled tight around the base of a painful orgasm, splattering weak milky ropes across his belly. There’s no relief that follows, no rush of cool to break the fever. It’s relentless. Behind the pulse hammering in his skull, he can hear the measured breath she takes, distorted by static. Shame tugs at the back of his mind. Meg’s probably doing everything in her power not to come over there right now and knot him herself.
He should kill it. He should kill it and save the world for the hundredth time. He should kill it and the world should
“—dating?” Jo supplies, pulling away so they’re at a respectable space-for-Jesus distance apart.
Dean looks up at him through thick lashes, dark and hungry, waiting on his answer.
His thoughts trail off again, to last night, to Claire.
“That being said,” Cas muses, taking the hand from his cheek and holding it against the leather couch cushions next to Dean’s head. It’s barely even a restraint, just a grip over his wrist, but that doesn’t stop Dean’s stomach from dropping out his ass, through the floor and down through the basement. It’s a heady mix of anticipation and arousal that floods his brain and he’s so ready for it. “It would be interesting to see the effect of Sam’s spell on refractory periods. I would love to go all night with you.”
Dean wraps one leg behind Castiel’s knees, weakly urging him forward. He goes willingly, letting himself fall. The sudden roughness of Castiel’s starched shirt against his bare chest knocks the air out of him. Wrapping an arm around his husband’s shoulders and using the other to card through his hair, Dean sighs. Cas smells incredible; ozone and cut grass and sandalwood and an edge of copier toner. It’s so natural to him now, each inhale has him relaxing into the mattress.
“I— I don’t know.”
“I do believe I’m being a terrible husband.” His voice is honey over grit and it sinks to the pit of Dean’s stomach and takes root.
Castiel nods. “But it seems I have more pressing things to worry about.”
He’s in, and it’s the closest to perfect Dean’s ever been.
" she'd hummed, smug and languid from the wine. "
Dean glares at him, burning jade in the low light. A wicked smile crosses his face — he can feel how it teases at his lips — and, simple as anything, Dean pulls away.
He isn’t, and Castiel can’t help but feel a little disappointed at that.
Doubt melts away with the feel of arms pulling him in, the flick of tongues deepening greedy kisses, warm breath and soft curses. Confidence simmers under his skin like lightning as his fingers skim down Dean’s chest, across planes of taught muscle that shiver beneath his touch. This is power. It’s euphoric and heady and it’s his. For now.
Cas takes a step back, trying his best to remain fucking calm but this guy looks like something that walked straight out of a rock concert and into the middle of the street. Leather jacket, wash faded tee and thick combat boots. Despite the distance between them, he catches the cloying reek of gasoline, leather and sulfur in the air. “Who are you?”
The end of his heat permeates the air, a metallic tang to the taste of his slick, like old blood or iron. One more, maybe two. It’s so close and Cas can feel it too. Keeps up his rhythm with punishing accuracy, each retreat dragging against something deep and fucking incredible inside him. He can’t focus enough to hear himself, shut down to his basest functions and revelling in it, letting himself fall to it, swallowed by it.
With practised movements, he slides home. Two fingers shallowly displacing more and more slick as he rides them, caught rutting between the sheets and his own hand. It’s lazy, doing it this way, but he doesn’t have the energy for anything else. Even if he had a toy, something to ride while waiting for his husband, his Alpha, to return, the bone-deep exhaustion dragging at his limbs probably wouldn’t allow him to fully utilise it. Is it too much to just want to be filled? He clenches at the thought, easily swapping two fingers for three, four. It’s not enough and he knows it but it’s not like there’s anything else he can do other than fuck himself and wait. The comfortable pace and friction of cotton on the underside of his cock has him passing the brink of orgasm once again, drenching his wrist and spattering the sheets in the process.
He smooths out where his fingernails bit into the leather of Dean's jacket, unable to completely hide the fact that he's thinking about his mouth wrapped around— Oh, he's really going to hell.
,” He probes, taking a step closer. Cas is glad of what little distance there is between them because it helps at least keep some of his brain functioning. “You come here often?”
“Make you feel any better if it was?” It comes out as almost a whisper, not that it matters because they’re sat so close, but he’s not looking at Cas. He’s looking at his lips, eyes fixed on something Cas can’t see. Cas responds by wetting them, tongue swiping across the bottom, tasting the sweet and ashy spice and when Dean follows the movements, he knows.
A picture frame above the fireplace catches his eye on the way past; it’s plain really, solid silver—Gabe had picked it out for them as a moving in present—but the photo inside is his favourite. They’d been visiting Bobby at the time, the Christmas before last, when things were still new, and Jo had gone around with her camera, capturing snapshots of everyone in their happy place while Ellen carved the turkey. Sam had dragged Gabe along too, showing him the thick tomes he’d poured over as a child, finding little doodles in the margins of fantastical monsters and heroes. Within the frame, Dean is wearing the brightest smile, caught halfway to a laugh, holding up his glass of whatever it was Bobby had passed around to toast with and next to him, eyes squeezed shut with his lips pressed to Dean’s cheek in an immortalised kiss, is Castiel.
Damn, this is not the time to be thinking horny thoughts.
“Fucking
The coffee table shatters, slivers of crystalline bursting forth just as Dean does. It's hot and messy against the part of his stomach Cas even bothered to bare, obscene twitches of his cock spurting ropes of white without so much as a limp handjob to prompt them. Completey un-fucking-touched. He can feel it, the breech of delicious pleasure, in his fucking
He tells Sam everything; about the memory, about how he was both Kelly
had, and it’s painful. It’s less than it was but it hurts nonetheless.
Slowly, Cas leans himself back, sitting on his knees between Dean’s spread legs. He looks good there. Like he belongs. Which he does. Dean shuffles himself upright, levelling himself with Cas’ eye line. He can hear the badump of their heartbeats, the staccato echo. Their bodies are so entwined at this point, not physically but like— there are parts of himself that Dean didn’t even notice until Cas came along, that Cas discovered, or cultivated. Castiel with his sweater vests and rolled-up shirt sleeves and his notes all taken on café napkins or student papers and his constant bedhead and his wire-rimmed glasses and obscure knowledge of everything but pop culture, who told Dean he was the most beautiful man he’d ever had the pleasure of meeting only three dates in and said it with so much sincerity that Dean dropped to his knees on the spot.
He made it anyway.
Dean kisses him before he can talk himself out of it.
He chuckles, lips turned up in a smile that completely derails whatever thoughts had been running through Cas’s head, replacing them with things he shouldn’t be thinking, especially not about the demon he summoned with dirt and bone. “Depends. Do you think you deserve damnation?”
Regardless of his attempts to keep his language clean, the sight before him tears profanity right out of him.
“Castiel, right?” The way the man’s voice wraps around his name—like it’s something to be savoured—awakens something primal inside him. Something that wants him to say it again.
your brother cries, even when the smoke gets thick and it hurts to breathe, he cries. he won’t shut up and your mom isn’t around to rock him back to sleep like she used to, your dad can’t swing him high and low like he did with you before you got so big. so you hold him closer in your grubby little hands, hold his head to your heart, shush him softly beneath plumes of sickening grey because it’s the only thing you can.
Rowena MW 09:34 >>
“—I’m twenty six, and you’re not my dad. We’re not related.”
recreational drug use, mention of dead parent, pining
The line clicks before he can utter out a thanks. Dean makes a mental note to send her flowers when this is all over, or a bottle of single malt, or a rut toy. Something to take the edge off. He pushes his phone off the bed.
“But I do have some advice for you, man.” He continues, taking one look over his shoulder at the rundown motel across the way before turning back to Cas. His stomach drops at the sparkle he finds in Dean's eyes. “The best way to get over someone is to get under someone else.”
“Desperately.” Is all he can manage without stuttering, or drooling, or worse. Dean smirks at that, eyes drawn to where they’re both on display. He licks his lips and Cas struggles to suppress a groan. He hadn’t even thought to prepare for this — Sex. With a demon. Now — and racks his brain to think if he’d thrown out the condom in his wallet or not. “I don’t— Shit. Do you have—”
as they align builds and builds and then Dean shudders again, coming so hard he can feel it hit his stomach and dribble towards where his chest meets the mattress, warm and delicious and dirty.
“Lucky for you, I always show up prepared.” Dean sighs, reaching over the edge of the bed to retrieve his jeans. He, like magic, produces a single foil wrapper and two sachets of Astroglide from the pockets and Cas has never been more relieved to see lube in his life. It takes a second for disappointment to set in. Dean catches it before Cas can let poison seep in, reaching out to stroke the scruff along Cas’s jaw. “Don’t pout. This isn’t a regular occurrence for me. Just like to be prepared.”
(8) BE_R_Y_L
It does, however, give him a sick sense of satisfaction knowing that the cloying scent of his pheromones will be following Cas around all day. He just wished he'd kept hold of a toy or two.
that he snaps back to reality.
In all honesty, he doesn’t feel as desperate as before, not with Cas here. The itch is still there, the unquenchable fire in his belly roaring with each twitch of Cas against him, but it’s not as demanding as it was when he was alone; Alpha presence proving enough to feed into the part of his biology that craves the relief his husband can give him.
The book said to include a picture. Cas had just thrown in a polaroid that Gabe had taken of him after one of his parties last summer. It had his name stamped across it in his brother’s blocky script. In all honesty, he’d included it because it’s the only picture he has of him smiling. Not that that should matter. Does it matter? “Was I not meant to?”
This isn’t sex. This is completion.
Cas is dead.
There’s just something about him; Kansas born and raised—all yes ma’am’s and southern hospitality—with an absent father and the looming shadow of a dead mother, first born but always somehow second best. Cas knows he’s been dragged through hell, thrown to the dirt again and again but still he stands and he smiles, dusts himself off and finds a way. He always finds a way.
She gasps.
The phone rings twice before she picks up.
Demons are real. They’re real and there’s one right before his eyes, looking like something out of a fantasy. In comparison, the ache in his chest seems minimal. He takes a deep breath, letting the night’s chill ground him. “I just want to know what to call you.”
intense. Cas alters the grip he has on Dean’s wrist, sliding their hands together as their fingers entwine and it’s perfect. Even when he isn’t trying to be, it's always so fucking romantic. At first, Dean had shied away from it. On what earth does a by-the-hour psychic bag one of the most renowned professors of occult study in the state? Apparently, this one.
Cas is close behind—so close that Dean can smell it on him, woodsmoke and lust—and each disjointed stutter of his hips, groan of
Well, there's a thought he can't take back.
It's easy enough to remove his own overcoat and jacket without wandering hands getting in the way. He shrugs them off while Dean laughs against his lips, fingers working to simultaneously unbutton and untuck his shirt. Cas pushes his hands away, taking a step back so he can reach to pull it off himself; buttons intact, tie loosened but not undone.
His heart
Dean’s heat is endless.
haemorrhaging divinity, iridescent in your palms like a memory, a dream. do they see how it destroys?
“Jack. I want you to meet him.” He pauses, hoping that Claire might tell him how absurd an idea it is, or that she’ll tell him to fuck off and never call her again, or she’ll hang up and block his number.
Dean can feel the twitch of Cas’s cock against his thigh and he’s not sure how much of this he can take. Judging from the amount of slick he’s trying to hold back, clenched tight to prevent any leaks, he can’t hold out much longer. “Yeah?”
“I always have.”
It takes a while for his heart to recover.
Dean shrugs, cheeks wet. He hadn’t realised he’d been crying.
Oh, he’s really fucked.
pulsing between his ears. Somewhere along the way, his brain to mouth filter falls just ceases to function and the question spilling from his mouth catches them both off guard.
” He squeezes his eyes closed so hard that patterns float behind them, an overlay to the fabricated visions of his sex mussed companion guiding him past the point of no return. Castiel almost trips as his knees weaken, melted by the ferocity of his release, but catches himself, forearm pressed to the cold glass as his entire body throbs at the rush of endorphins. It’s not even half as good as the real thing but knowing Dean is there, that Dean heard him, that Dean got off to the sound of his voice, makes up for that.
Other nights, it’s Castiel’s knuckles that bleed.
It’s not a question of if Dean trusts them — he
through Kelly’s eyes.” Dean sinks his fork into a slice of bacon as Sam nods, intentionally silent as to give Dean the time and space to talk it out.
It’s like he’s on autopilot, tearing into the foil condom wrapper with his teeth and rolling it over himself in a matter of seconds. Dean hooks one leg around Cas’s thighs and throws the other over his shoulder and before his brain can catch up with what his body’s doing, Cas is sliding in, inch by slow, thick, inch and the vice grip of Dean’s hands in the sheets below has him bitting back praise.
(even the heavens think so)
” The whole thing is involuntary, his cock rutting up against his Alpha for just some degree of delicious fucking friction, just something to soothe the edge of his feverish heat that returned with such a sharp and scalding ache that it caught him off guard. It leaves wet trails in its wake, aiding in the slide of him against Cas’s belly.
“Noted, bitch.” The image of Rowena fussing between an intricate black lace gown and a silk red one flashes into the forefront of his mind. It’s no longer than an instant, a glimpse into something not yet cemented in the past. The red gown sports two thigh-high slits and she toys with the fabric between two fingers and, despite being surrounded by the cloying scent of citrus sharp mint and the soft slosh of water against his chest, Dean can feel how soft, how delicate and cold the fabric is. “Tell Ro she’s gonna look stunning in the red. I don’t know what you did to bag that woman.”
"Cas, I gotta go. I'll text you."
He can't hear what Cas has to say after that, tongue too busy doing a more thorough inspection of Dean's mouth than his dentist does. He kisses like it's a class he can ace. And it is. And he has. A fucking plus. Tens across the board. How he manages to keep up such a brutal pace while kissing like he does, Dean has no idea. The dual sensation of it ruins him every time.
“Shut up!” She cries, clutching Jack a little tighter. He giggles delightedly in her arms, palm never leaving her face.
Meg gets it, the playful flirting they usually share shoved aside in favour of reassurance and order. The husk surrounding her voice is nice, just enough Alpha lilting through to take the razor edge off, tricking his body into thinking there’s a juicy knot close by just waiting to pop him.
The end tastes like blood and the sea.
“I loved him.” He says. Dean expects it to feel like a landmine, like an explosion, like a nuclear bomb. But it doesn’t.
“No one said anything about getting your
it’s his face but not his face. his body but not his body. his scars are gone, beneath his watchstrap pristine white and you know sammy is screaming inside him, tearing against his restraints but you let the devil beat the shit out of you because you love him. of course you do. his first words, first steps, first laugh were all for you. the first day at school repeated again and again and again and he grew up, god, he grew up so well and you did what you could to help. took the beatings so he wouldn’t, fought the battles when he couldn’t, let john call you wrong for as long as you could take it until he was old enough to run even when you weren’t brave enough.
He smiles against Dean’s palm, secret and theirs.
But, there are a lot of things he is: Sam’s unwavering support and secret love of Celine Dion, Jody and Donna’s faith in all their girls, Claire’s razor wit and adoration of the angel wearing the face of her father, Baby’s roar on the flat roads leading out of Kansas, the bunker, Jack.
He takes a few minutes just to stretch out and, now their tryst is over, it feels invasive to watch as Dean catalogues his aches and pains. Cas flicks off the prophylactic in the trash, purposefully turning his back to the demon as he cleans himself off with a handful of tissues from the desk. He should probably shower but the call to sleep is much stronger.
“You’re so gentle with me and I love it —
But that’s just Dean and, when he smiles, so full of unwarranted confidence, with half-lidded eyes and effortless laughs— you just can’t say no to that.
your brother. your son, your target, your prey. it would be easier to kill him than it is to love him.
Struck by the still silence of the room, save for their racing hearts, Dean reaches out for him and sudden relief settles in his belly as Cas leans into his palm, cradling it with both of his own. It’s a simple caress, a thumb stroke across a flushed cheekbone. Cas has never looked so fond. Dean loves him. God, how he loves him. “I love you without condition, baby. Forever and a day.”
Jack — that's what she'd called him — stops crying.
. That can wait until he’s home alone, tucked into his own bed, with his own Netflix account and not out in the middle of nowhere, looking like a fool with a key for a single room at a shady motel whose clientele range from escorts to serial killers, probably.
Maybe meeting and then banging and then dating the guy initially hired to be his assistant store manager wasn’t such a great idea in the long run. It hadn’t been Dean’s intention to accidentally fall into a relationship, especially a workplace one at that, but Cas was different. He is different; he knows his way around the financials where Dean always falls short, he’s studied more languages that could possibly ever be necessary when Google Translate exists, he wins over customers with his gentle manner (but all the team know he’s wit sharp and blunt as they come), he’s got no clue about pop culture but can quote sonnets and soliloquies and stanzas from the classics as if he wrote them himself. Oh, and his pancakes, among other things, are to die for.
Well, he's not too sure about the crossroads demon part, that could just be Dean. Maybe he lucked out.
Which is what landed him god knows where with a box full of questionable ingredients and no cell service. Because of course. This is how horror movies start. Any minute now some rotting corpse or redneck cannibal is going to jump out of the bushes and swing an axe for his throat.
“Memories,” She sobs, gently stroking her thumb through Jack’s downy hair. “Of Cas, Jack’s mom, everything.”
Instantly he stills, eyes open and adoring and Dean watches as he reaches with a tiny fist for his cheek.
and he—
By the time Dean has toed off his boots, hung up his jacket and dropped the keys to Baby in the dish Jody had given him when she’d taken up pottery classes last summer, the clock reads 00:41 and sleep begins to creep up on him. Time for bed.
“I’ve been so out of it these past few months, Claire. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I never called. I haven’t— It’s no excuse.
upright:
It’s intense — it’s
They’ve never lasted more than four days before, torturous and isolating, but the shining thick platinum band on his fourth finger and still bruised ridged bite at the juncture of his neck signify changes not only to his body’s chemistry but to his entire life—never having to go through his heat alone again, no pricey suppressants or blockers, no more Alphas vying for his attention when they find out he’s unmated. In theory, it’s fantastic. In practice, calling his husband’s secretary because his skin crawls painfully with the urge to be mounted is not ideal.
“Oh, I don’t plan on teasing. Do you want me to fuck you?”
Cas would probably let him.
He's so fucking wet for it, leaking all over his stomach as Cas fervently avoids touching where he so desperately wants to be held. A sharp breeze would send him flying at this point. But Cas, with fire in his eyes and magic in his veins, takes it as a personal challenge. Every. Single. Time.
For a second, Dean looks surprised, cheeks coloured pink, those beautiful freckles disappearing against the blush. Fuck. Through violence or passion, Dean Winchester will be the death of him.
The only evidence that it happened at all, rinsed away as Castiel washes his hands. He can't even bring himself to look at his reflection, knowing the person staring back is the person he hates the most.
Dean’s eyes flash to red and Cas, unable to hold himself back from the edge, stutters out a few weak thrusts as he comes.
Dean answers his non-question with a shrug. "Perks of the job."
“I think Jack just, felt that I was missing him, you know? Don’t ask me how because I ain’t got answers. Just— one second I was crying like a fucking baby and the next I was watching Cas talk about
He doesn't need to be dealing with this on a Monday.
“I didn’t mean to keep you waiting.” Cas sighs, nuzzling his way to the mark on Dean’s throat. He inhales and relaxes almost instantly. His scent is thickest there and the feel of Castiel humming against him just adds fuel to the fire of his arousal.
He hums, releasing Cas’s wrist with gentle consideration. It hangs there for a second as Cas weighs up his options in silence. Does he take it back? Does he need permission? He lets it fall to his side, trying not to focus on the way his skin prickles where Dean’s fingers were. It’s quite pleasant.
scoffs. It’s definitely a man. Or, it looks like one. God, does it look like one. “Jury’s still out on the fucking though.”
Hadn’t he?
"You still okay with this?" Dean starts, stepping back into his space. He's still smirking but there's that same air of concern to his look. Cas hadn't realised how cold it had become without him close until he’s back and the warmth rolls off him in waves.
“Go ahead. Shouldn’t take much.” Dean nods, resuming his position, propped up on his elbows. Heat flares in his belly as the realisation sets in. He wants to watch.
“You mind if I uh— can I stick around?” He starts, the cocksure attitude from earlier completely lost. He doesn’t fall over his words, but the insecurity is there, veiled behind a smirk. “You did a mighty fine job of wearing me out and I still got work to do so… should be like, an hour or two tops. Just to… uh… recover. Yeah. Technically, I don’t need to sleep but, you know, I shouldn’t go back empty-handed looking like I just got banged like a screen door in a hurricane. My boss will have my guts if he finds out and I’m pretty sure Alastair is made of dicks at this point—”
Sam frowns. “Dean.”
“You might wanna run this by Castiel first, though. Spontaneity can be romantic and all but things can get a little intense and— yeah, I don’t have to explain this to you. Just mention it over dinner or something.”
“I just kept going. Fucked myself until I passed out and—” Dean gasps as Cas catches on his rim; intentional, devilish. “—and nothin’ even got close to enough. Add another.” He demands. Cas chuckles but obeys, and since when did he get so lucky? He opens to the second and third as easily as the first, as easily as breathing. Castiel curls one in search of something—but it’s still not close enough. Dean whines, rolling his hips back onto insistent digits. “
Unfortunately, there’s only so much she can do.
“I hate doing this because it’s nothing compared to you. I wish—
It feels kinda ridiculous, crouching in the middle of the road, wielding such a small thing with such obscure intent. If the cops pulled up, what then? How would he explain?
That's enough for Dean. He lets go of Castiel's face, leaving that same tingling warmth in his wake. Gone is the curiosity and concern, replaced with that same arrogant confidence from earlier. Cas misses it but, at the same time, he doesn't.
he has a girlfriend, an apartment, friends that care. unfamiliarity curdles your blood. this hope you never allowed yourself plays out on his face. they laugh, he blushes. they drink for fun. would you hold your lover’s face and kiss them at the bar? to be known, to be seen, to be weak. taste the bile in your own throat and pray they can’t smell it on you.
He wants to say.
Dean hates being treated like an Omega; the expectation to be lesser, only worthy because of what's between his legs. Knotheads have tried and failed with him. In a time before Cas, he’d sent them off with broken noses, tails between their legs, throwing slurs back in his direction as he cleaned the blood off his fists with his tongue.
Fuck, Dean wants to be touched like he’s wanted but doesn’t know how to ask. The worst part is, Cas would give him anything. He’s like that; loving and attentive. But there’s a part of him that clings to the vestiges of control, holds himself back when all Dean wants is to be torn apart without the mortifying ordeal of having to beg for it. It’s— yeah.
Dean Winchester is not listening. Or rather, he’s listening but he doesn’t
“You know it.” Dean lets himself slip further into the water, the warm embrace of it distracting from the overpowering scent. “Anyway, I don't want to keep the wife waiting. I’ll talk to Cas. You have a good night.”
Each second passes, dripped in the threat of exhilaration, building and building and building. Arousal vibrates beneath his skin, stretched taut like a bowstring and ready to snap at a moment’s notice. It’s too much and, as much as he’s ready to take it like this—flat on his back, Alpha’s eyes trained on him as he’s spread—Dean knows, with what little rational thought he has left, he’ll regret it when they’re tied later. Unfortunately, he’s not as flexible as he once was.
“Hurry up.” Dean bites, teeth grazing Cas’s bottom lip in the process. Sharp, but not sharp enough. The thought of him, impatient and wanting, pushes so many buttons Cas didn’t even know he had.
—” The reply catches, torn apart by a cry as Cas hits that much deeper, that much harder, that much closer. He fucks the scream right out of Dean's throat with precision and vigor and nothing less than perfect aim.
He knows what's coming next. What Dean will say next. How did they even get here?
"I want you to fucking
When the last of the earth covers the box, leaving the road looking undisturbed, Cas lets out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding.
Sometimes, when he slips into Cas’ bed at night instead of his own, lips tasting of salt and cheap beer, he gets enough of a glimpse through the cracks to see who Dean Winchester really is. They don’t talk about it, but they don’t dismiss it either—seeking each other out in the dark.
His rhythm is stilted and harsh but it’s enough, riding the coattails of Dean’s orgasm, he finds his own — pressure building and building until he’s on the precipice, still fighting to pull through, make it last just a little bit longer, just a little more to savour but Dean catches his eyes, thoroughly fucked out and glistening with the sheen of sweat, pupils blown impossibly wide and then it happens.
“Fuck.” He sighs, not entirely dissatisfied. At least he tried. At least now he gets to gloat to both Meg and Rowena that this kind of stuff just doesn’t exist. No matter how many times Meg assures him that it really
It takes him a second to remember why he handed Jack over in the first place. He's thankful for the reprieve and all of Sam's help, but he can't help but feel claws of helplessness cleave into him without the weight of a baby in his arms.
He doesn’t know what to do.
“You don’t have to, let me.” Dean makes to stand but Claire, in almost a mirror of Sam earlier, wields her fork as a warning.
“I got it from a friend.” If you could consider Meg’s shady cousin-slash-arch-nemesis a friend, sure. How Crowley got his hands on grave dirt is anyone’s guess. Cas tried not to think too much into it at the time. He’s kinda forced to dwell on it now, though.
A beep of a disconnected call and it's over, goodbye clinging to the tip of his tongue.
no lambs blood on the doorstep, it’s an interruption on the altar, abraham and issac seconds from slaughter. it’s the brightest soul wielding hell forged blade. a sneer, a snap. you crave it, to possess it, destroy it. shed the old flesh, flayed apart by the cruellest whip, form it anew. form it correctly.
. Cas blinks away his answer, averting his eyes from where they'd been focused on the smattering of gentle freckles high on Dean's cheekbones. If he doesn't get out of there, he's not sure what'll happen. At this point, he's not averse to throwing away his soul just to know what Dean's throat tastes like.
Mary was dead the second she stepped through that portal, sealing Lucifer in the barren wasteland with her. Dean forces himself to believe it, even if he doesn’t want to. It’s the only way he can sleep at night. Sometimes there are worse things than death. He nods and it’s not enough for Sam but he doesn’t push for more. He knows not to.
It’s soft, gentle, and brief but it’s perfect. He doesn’t want to ask for too much, to take and take and take but
“Let me know if you start hankering for Blue Label or wearing baseball caps.” Dean nudges his side, sharp elbow meeting the bottom of Sam’s ribs. “I want a warning if you’re gonna go all Rufus or Bobby on me.”
Seeing Sam with a baby shouldn't make him feel as emotional as it does.
you are lost.
He’s not going to break down. He’s
Cas lets his hands settle at Dean’s hips, thumbs rubbing circles into the prominent juts there, tightly coiled muscle jostling whenever he shifts his weight to shuffle out of his jeans. Laying back and just taking in the show, it occurs to him how much strength Dean really holds.
And in Kelly Kline’s arms is the Son of the Devil.
He nods, taking a seat in the velvet wingback they'd hauled into Dean's room. It doesn't match the furniture or the second-hand crib, but it's more comfortable than the desk chair and offers more support than the bed.
“Yes.” Dean waits for him to continue, still a little too close for comfort but Cas can’t find it in himself to feel threatened. Nothing about Dean reads as threatening, surprisingly. He’s looking up at Castiel like he’s something that warrants looking at. It’s… new.
"It's ok, Sammy. Hand him over." Sam's hand is giant against Jack's head, cradling it so gently. Azazel is long gone but Dean doesn’t need to be a psychic to know the look of old wounds being torn open. They are the same — him and Jack — both born into things bigger than themselves. Both unable to do anything about it.
Now, he preens beneath the praise. This love, this man, this life; he deserves it all.
dean winchester is not listening.
prayers carried on the shared breath in sin.
“I’m sorry.” It comes out as sobs, a confession wrapped in salt and barbs. Dean swallows them back, swallows it all back. The dam breaks, regardless.
Absolutely nothing.
The whole abyss is nothing, an absence of everything. Dean knows he doesn’t need to breathe, not in this liminal space, but his lungs clench around just how barren the air is, how unsupporting of life this whole place is. He is alone and yet Dean can feel thousands of eyes on him, weighing him down deeper into the dark.
“Angels?” He says it on a downstroke and Dean gasps a little as the stretch overwhelms him. If he could, he’d spend hours, days, drawing those noises from Dean’s throat. Raw. Unfiltered. Each one goes straight to his cock.
Dean W 04:35 >>
But he can’t say it. Can’t say his name. It sticks to the roof of his mouth like tar, cementing his lips shut until he swallows it back. It sits like a stone in his belly but at least he can talk again. “Not Lucifer. Jack’s not his. He’s ours now.”
Jack grabs at Cas’ neck, a flat palm landing on his throat. His eyes glow golden for a second, maybe two, before Jack removes his hand, gargling happily to himself. Cas looks at the infant in awe, stroking the boy’s cheek with a gentle touch. Jack, always a sucker for attention, leans into it greedily.
He’d not managed to procure a shovel or spade but Rowena’s hand trowel hangs heavy in his pocket, hitting his leg with every other step. He’ll thank her for it later, while simultaneously rubbing her nose in his failure.
Jack squirms a little, eliciting a brief cry of dissatisfaction, reaching for something in his sleep. His fingers catch the longer hairs of Dean’s beard, grasping them in chubby handfuls. It calms him enough for sleep to claim him again but they’re on thin ice from this point. Claire shrugs a silent
rated g
The smile Cas gives him, all crows feet and laughter lines and happiness, lodges into place with the rest of them. Kept tight just behind his ribs, tucked next to his heart. Dean holds onto each one, worn like the dog-eared pages of a well loved book or the softened edges of a photograph, folded in four and tucked into soft leather.
Cas turns to face them and it’s the same look he saw in the memory through Kelly—his—Jack’s eyes, the same one he’s missed so many times. The sincerity of it fells him completely.
done that, for Cas.
It’s not even the second craziest thing that’s happened that evening but Cas can’t help but double-take. They were— and now they’re—
Sam grips his shoulder and Dean doesn’t mean to flinch but he does. The knife clatters to the floor.
’ for $100, Alex.
“You gave me a signed photo.” He winks, plucking the thing from thin air. “Thank you, by the way. I’ll keep it forever.”
. They’ve been doing this for long enough now that the raw drag of his cock brings nothing but relief and Dean can’t comprehend how he ever settled for anything less.
No, they're raising
Cas can’t seem to find words. His brain short circuits somewhere just past the guy’s eyes. Moss green and searching, with enviable lashes. He’s pretty, in a handsome way, and he’s looking at Cas like he’s expecting him to have the answers when the only thing going through Cas’s brain is
If Dean cries with the love of his life very much alive in his arms, surrounded by the people he cares about in the safety of his own home, that’s his business.
Jack is
“Yeah?”
—It’s been too long. I’ve been thinking about it ever since I left. You’re incredible.”
does father know doubt tastes bitter as tar?
. A long since established rule from before Cas moved in; when they’d spend weekends tied, discussing everything and nothing, waiting for knots to wane and heats to pass.
“I summoned a demon.”
“I might not have listened much in church but I’m pretty certain that kind of behaviour is universally damning.”
He should be falling asleep in Cas’ arms. He should be taking midnight feeds with Cas. He should be hearing lullabies Cas used to fall asleep to.
“Benny skimping on his rolls?” He eyes the anaemic blunt incredulously before taking it anyway, letting the weight of it hit his throat and settle deep in his chest before letting it all flow out on the exhale, dragging his worries out with the smoke.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean winces when he pushes himself up from where he landed, thick dirt smudge on his forehead from his unfortunate accident with their adopted plant. Cas sighs. Again. He’d got into the habit of doing that, ever since Crowley had made a comment about him going prematurely grey in their first year and affectionately (or not) introducing him to new people as ‘an old man trapped in a hot body’.
Silence. Not the chirp of wildlife nor the distant buzz of civilisation dares disturb it. For a moment, he feels what it's like to be truly alone.
sun-dappled wild grass caught in the remnants of a summer storm, acres of mossy green whips snapping at your legs. and once this carpet of green had been holy ground. the call of bones, of spirits, hangs six feet beneath the earth. it used to be beautiful here — in a way, it still is. not for the creamsicle skies, or the willow dipped low over the creek, surface shimmer warping soft fronts of green. no.
He pushes off the chair and flops down next to Dean on the floor, letting his head settle on his jacketed shoulder. Dean laughs, reaching one hand around Cas’s shoulders to tug him closer. He’s warm, despite having just come in from the bitter cold outside, and it has Cas settling into his side. There’s a familiar click of a lighter and a deep inhale followed by the familiar cloying scent.
The metal stool scrapes across the concrete floor as he stands.
Is it too late to do that?
Charlie turns, crowding into Jo’s space and they’re both laughing. They’re not kissing. Then they are.
But he doesn’t.
he forms fists in your lapels like it's something to prove, like you couldn't shatter him with a single touch. and you love him, more than anything. the sun rises each morning to feel his warmth. you smile. he wants to kill you. and you would let him.
Sanderson.
He whispers. “What are we doing, Dean?”
Castiel stops singing.
Cas looks to Sam who doesn’t even need to be asked. He takes Jack to his hip, letting the kid twist his hands in the soft strands of hair at his nape. Claire goes to his side, cooing over Jack’s toes as if that’s something normal people do.
“But I don't deserve it!” Kelly cries—he cries—Jack cries. Cas holds her hand tighter, refusing to give up, refusing to let go.
He bites back his own expletive. The urge to cry out burns in his throat, to tell Dean that he’ll be back soon. To tell Dean anything he wants to hear. The edge is so
Cas doesn’t need telling twice. It takes a couple of brutal thrusts—knot swollen so thick that it’s almost too big to take—but once he’s in, he’s in.
It seems pretty rude calling out for god when you’re balls deep in one of Hell’s finest.
That he loves her too.
“For you
. Dean can’t hear anything but his own blood, the rush deafening out whatever is said into the fresh bite against his throat. He’s not sure if its blood or spit that dribbles down his neck and at this point, he’s too far gone to care. There’s only one thing on his mind.
“Overbearing? Pain in the ass? Wouldn’t hesitate to use precinct resources to drag
“You were taking too long.” He doesn’t even try to hide the smug smirk from where he’s straddling Cas’s thighs and, honestly, thank fuck for that. It’s a sight he’ll be calling back on for months to come—Dean sat atop his lap, working to rid them of the rest of their clothes. The heat of him radiates.
This new angle forces Cas so much deeper, his knot catching with each repeated slap of them against each other, and the
It hurts in the way bearing any secret does. Only, this time it's to a stranger—a demon, at that—and whatever comes from his confession comes at the price of his soul.
God, he hopes Cas takes him up on that.
"Well—" The shaky breath Dean lets out does not help matters. Or maybe it does. It shoots straight through him, only adding to the fire in his gut. He did that. To a demon. He did that to a demon. Dean is still smirking, clearly quite pleased with himself.
Jack fusses in the crook of his elbow, impatient as if Dean should just understand what he needs from thought alone.
He’d whispered, between hot kisses to Dean’s throat. When the threat of teeth and bites sent electricity through his veins. Even now, he can’t find any shame in asking for what he needs. Castiel takes his sweet time undressing and Dean watches as his cock slaps fat and heavy against his belly.
"—or their business,” Charlie’s stopped pouting, taking instead to rolling her eyes. They’ve had this conversation so many times—last time it was Hermione, Éowen the time before that—and it never sinks in. “But you gotta learn to keep your trap shut when it comes to protecting your fictional wives, Bradbury. They’re not gonna fuck you!”
He’s halfway through counting to ten when there’s a hand on his lower back. It’s Cas’s, of course, feather-light touch so easily discernable from the heavyhandedness of the rest of his team. He appears beside Dean for a moment. Dean’s not angry, but tension he didn’t know he was holding seeps out of him at the gentle press of fingers. It says so many things but mostly it asks
He likes her a lot but would be the first to admit that she scares the shit out of him sometimes.
“One of my favourite parts.” Cas agrees, putting inches between their chests so he can really look. He’s got this way of seeing through the bullshit, focusing on Dean’s core and somehow knowing what he wants. What he needs. It could be down to the bond but, really, in their time as friends, boyfriends, partners, Cas has proven himself to be nothing if not intuitive. He pulls himself away, far enough to strip out of his suit but close enough that Dean can still feel his warmth. There’s a wet stain on his thigh; black against prussian blue. “How do you want this?”
As expected, his arms give out and he falls on top of Dean. Too exhausted to care, their hearts race in an echo of each other.
“Luckily, Dean, the answer is simple.” Cas, voice just as rough as Dean thought it would be, settles between them. He doesn’t sound pissed or shocked or sad or any of those things. He sounds content. Happy. “Would you like me to enlighten you?”
Dean revels in the silence that follows, trailing patterns into his husband’s back as Castiel mouths at the scar, raised and pink against his throat. His heat still boils, prickling at his spine as suddenly just being in the presence of an Alpha is no longer enough. Despite his desperate attempts to hold it back, he can’t help the slick that leaks out from him.
He leaps.
If he had just listened, talked to Cas. If Dean had taken his blade and drawn on everything venomous within himself to see Lucifer stayed dead, if Dean had never kicked him out of the bunker, if Dean had never left him in purgatory, if Dean had just told him from the start how it felt to watch him leave every damn time, wishing more than anything else that he would just
Somewhere in Pontiac, Illinois, Jimmy Novak prays.
He uses all the hurt, all the rage, and transforms it into something good. Or something better. A catalyst. An alchemist. Pain turned golden.
Whoever said college life would be fun definitely wasn’t in any of Chuck Shurley’s theology classes. He sighs, shuts his laptop, lets his head hit the desk with a soft thud and contemplates the pros and cons of dropping out.
“I’d offer up my own services but, contrary to popular belief, I don’t have a deathwish.” She drawls, probably smirking about the whole ordeal. “Don’t you have any toys to mount? Plugs? Anything?”
“Jody called. She, uh, she needs a hand. Back home. I said I’d head over. You know, do what I can. I haven’t told her about Jack, or— I haven’t—” Claire pauses, or stops altogether, choosing instead to twirl her fork through tattered remnants of what once was an expertly layered vegan lasagne.
to. It wouldn’t be a surprise if she’s got me tagged, though.”
“You too. Take it easy, man.”
Before sleep claims them, Cas sighs, content. “No refunds.”
He doesn’t regret hiring her either; she’s been a hit with their Thursday night D&D crowd.
God, this is
It’s the kind of kiss people burn cities to the ground for.
It’s impossible to start slow, no matter how hard he tries — he wants to ease into it, make it last, draw out his impending release until he’s wrung out and spent and Dean’s oversensitive and ready to explode — but Dean squeezes around him and he’s lost, working to chase a high he hasn’t felt in so long.
“That you are.” He’s caught short of a snarl, ripples of authority coursing through, thick and delicious, stroking a part of Dean’s ego he’d never admitted he had before they met. It’s unfair just how hot this is. “And
She lost her father once. She doesn’t need to go through all that again.
He has nothing except the truth.
They’re in his house, cradling his son.
Cas can feel his eyes widen, his pulse race, breath catch—all of it. Any moment now he’s going to wake up, sweating and hard, the result of too many late nights and not enough action.
“Huh.” Confusion crosses the face of the nameless man-being-thing followed by a pause. He blinks, slowly, almost to himself and smiles. “I guess you can call me Dean. Dean Winchester.”
ass back home if I don’t call?”
"Now you're getting it."
The baby monitor beeps again, detecting movement and Dean checks his phone. 6:45. Jack will be waking up soon. Sam picks at the blueberries on his plate but nods enthusiastically. There’s a genuine lightness about it that Dean’s loath to admit that he didn’t notice was missing until now. Sam needs reason just as much as he does. “I think I need to make a few calls, but we’ve got nothing but time. I’ve been sending cases that come our way to other hunters close by so, yeah. I don’t see why not.”
"And you know I wish it wasn't." He looks down at his mess, his stained palm and splattered tiles, and wishes that he didn't feel the telltale clutches of shame grip his shoulders. Dean laughs and, for the first time, Castiel catches his own reflection in the mirror. He looks old, worn out, craving a high he can't quite reach and a part of him hates that he's so reliant on it—on Dean. This chase of the unattainable
—takes down each one with a snarl and a smile. Dean loves the proud looks, the way his eyes shine in low light alleyways and when the kisses taste of something more than just tequila and salt.
She does pull Sam in for an actual hug before stepping out, to the bedroom that used to belong to the man that used to be her father.
. A rotten, festering part of him says that Claire — as much as he cares for her, as much as, rationally, he knows she’d never hurt Jack,
“It’s beautiful.” She says, weeping.
“Boarding fee is quite expensive,” He grumbles, turning around to rest his face against Dean’s chest, shrugging the blankets up over them both. “One kiss.”
In Dean Winchester’s rebirth, every inch of his being had been carefully curated by the divine, sinew and muscle and blood formed anew by grace. Each breath Dean has taken since he awoke, gasping in the dirt, is because of him. Hidden in the little infinities between time and space, he created. His entire focus realigned, dedicated only to forging cells from atoms he made. He rebuilt a body; repairing shattered ribs with marrow and bone, rebuilding an entire nervous system in all its complexity, mended synapses, organs, and a whole host of insignificant things that make up just what it means to be human.
It’s the same now. Love. Comfort.
It’s in the being. It’s in just saying it.
"Hi Benny—" Dean calls out, more to his guest than to him, his real voice replaced by something else entirely. Sultry, deep. It sends a shiver down the column of his spine, a delightful shiver that tails off into something else. A hollow bite gnaws at him. He’s heard this side of Dean before, revelled in it once. before, when kisses cost extra. After a while, it stopped being about sex and money and twisted, evolved, into whatever it is they have now. He wishes it were different, wishes Dean was his.
Cas laughs and what light and fleeting thing it is. An errant stream over a pebbled shore. "You're unreal."
Dean doesn’t want to cry in front of Claire again.
“Yeah, but we can do a crash course on that later when your fingers aren’t up my ah—
There's never gonna be a time in his life where he tires of being kissed like Cas kisses him. Yeah, he's a great kisser even on his bad days, but this? This is something else. It's ferocious and possessive and it doesn't let up even as Dean melts into it, letting his one free hand come up to clutch at Cas' shoulder blade, muscles flexing beneath his grip.
“Je—”
close and Castiel wants nothing more than to surrender to it, to bring himself right to the precipice and throw himself off. Dean whines.
In an instant, his face hardens to stone. Cas wants to apologise for asking, apologise for everything. God, why does he feel so out of depth? Why is he holding his breath? “No. No wishes. No freebies. This is a transaction. There’s a price tag.”
With Castiel in his arms and a smile on his lips, lethargy comes for them both.
. He’s glad to hear it.
Dean falls, rather than climbs, through their window. Which is a feat in itself considering the apartment is on the third floor and he’s definitely had to make a dicey jump from the fire escape to make it—Cas knows, he’s tried. He thuds to the carpet with a muted
The words light a fire in him, rippling up his spine and spreading until all he can feel is the feverish heat taking over. There’s something in the calm and calculated way Castiel cleans him up. If it weren’t for the tenseness in his forearms and the set of his jaw, Dean would’ve been convinced he wasn’t affected by the sight before him at all. But he’s tense, eyes focused, mouth set to a hard line. He’s clutching onto what little pieces of control he can grasp and Dean doesn’t want him to.
, I’m mostly just happy you’re home.”
His feet feel less like they’re buried in the ground but the urge to run still escapes him. It takes a few moments just taking in the sight before him for Cas to realise that it’s not entirely fear that’s keeping him rooted.
Dean reaches a hand down, shoving suit slacks and boxers aside in his search for Cas, thick and warm beneath his palm. He twitches at the touch as he's guided, head wet and blunt and every inch of it does nothing to assuage the burn Dean can't help but fuel whenever they get like this. "That's not your call, sweetheart."
When Jack settles into his arms, Dean cradles him close, the boy’s head resting over the dark ink of a devil's trap, ear pressed to the thudding beat of Dean's heart. His whines flitter off like butterflies, replaced by soft whimpers and, finally, softer snores.
He wishes —
him. He loves you now, and he always will. You’ll be with him until his dying day, as he’ll be with you. I can feel it.”
“I am. You just—” His —
He can’t help but join in.
“This is ridiculous” Cas grumbles, wiping away a non-existent tear. He starts towards the centre of where the roads meet, kicking up dust as he does.
Dean reaches across to him, his fingers catching beneath Cas's chin and turning his head so their eyes meet. There's nothing but sincerity burning away behind the green.
