"Oh." I say, looking down at her lips. She closes her eyes slowly and i gulp before leaning in and pressing my lips on hers, my own eyes drifting slowly closed. The kiss lingered for a minute or so before we pull away and she looks away from me in embaressment.
"I just wanted to sleep and you came in and ruined that with you're soft hands and intoxicating tongue." He grumbles and I laugh quietly before putting an arm around his waist and kidding his forehead.
"No. They're all gone, abandoned me." He states simply, his smile falling and he looks down at his hands sadly. "But i look after myself pretty well."
"And where is Crowley?" I add, hissing slightly and they look at each other, scared out of their wits before shaking their heads.
"Don't act like you don't know darling," I chuckle at him and he blushes a bright shade of red. "You know, you could have told me that she was an angel."
"I'm sorry my lord, but you said you were going to kill her. Are you going to?" Anger flares within me and i stand up, my whole body setting aflame and Crowley falls backwards, cowering away from me.
“Thank you.” I nodded my head in respect and her eyes flashed darkly in respect back to me. I then walk out of the slave’s hall and towards the great hall where I knew I would find Castiel. I just hoped that no one else would be in there due to what time of day it was. I burst through the main doors of the hall to find it empty apart from the angel kneeling down on his hands and knees, doing something to the throne. I stood for a moment admiring the view of his bare arse that the fabric was not covering and smirked slightly to myself. I walked over to him quietly so he had no idea I was there, lifted my hand up and spanked him hard against his right arse cheek. He yelped loudly and rolled away from me, quickly standing up and looking at me in horror. I laughed loudly and his eyebrows furrowed in anger, bringing a hand down to rub his sore cheek.
“I’m never going to find her Gabriel.” My voice cracks slightly, tears brimming in my eyes like they do almost every day. “She’s probably already dead.”
“How is your wedding dress coming along?” I ask her and she shakes her head, making her red curls bounce slightly.
"It sounds like a plausible thought, I wouldn't put it past the demons to kill the queen in cold blooded murder but I would expect Crowley to be brighter than that. Maybe kidnap both the baby and the queen and hold them for ransom in return for you or something." He says thoughtfully.
Castiel walked the streets, feeling extremely low today as he knew what today way. Today was another 18th year and the millionth time he was going to see his little girl but unable to get anywhere near her. He didn’t feel up to it today, it always took him so long to get over it. He had tried so many different times in so many different ways to get in touch with Lucifer and try to take back the curse or at least change it so I didn’t feel so damn crappy every time it happened.
What did she want? Clean bottom. Check. Warm enough. Check. Food. Ch- oh wait, hang on. She was probably hungry! I snapped my fingers and looked in my bag for some cheese. When I gave her it I was kind of confused about why she wouldn’t eat it but then I realised that she didn’t have any teeth.
I toss the stone at her feet and turn away from her, walking towards the stump of the chopped down tree. I grit my teeth, trying to cool down and do not face her again until i feel her hand on my back. When she touches me i flinch and turn to face her quickly, my face distorting into a sneer.
“I’m fine.” I say a bit too quickly and she raises an eyebrow. I sigh and rub my eyes before looking at her. “Honestly I am but it just all happened so quickly you know and I suppose I’m still in a state of shock.”
The hall goes quiet while Sam and Dean stand there glaring at each other. I look at Gabriel who has a look of pure shock on his face then at Michael who looks sad.
“Would you like us to follow your majesty?” They ask me but I shake my heads as I climb on top of Impala.
“Fell in love with some demon apparently. Don’t really know.” She snorted and Castiel shook his head sadly. “Ain’t you getting married?”
"Yes I know baby, but it will get better. I promise." He nodded his head but kept his eyes firmly shut as I started to move in and out of him gently. To make things a bit more pleasurable for him I brought my hand towards his shaft and started stroking it up and down. He made a noise of approval and I grinned before wrapping my hand around it and pumping it up an down in time with my thrusts. It was slow and steady and first but he started begging for more. Begging me to go into him a harder and faster and me being the loving angel I am, obliged quite happily with his request.
We marched on and on, my army was getting tired and restless. Everyone was getting agitated not only with me but with each other as well. I frowned, as I walked through the camp we had set up to rest, at all the angels bickering with each other and arguing over petty things. I sigh when I get back to my own tent and walk in to find Michael and Gabriel sat shouting at each other over which tactic is better.
He walked towards him and put his arms around him, wrapping his ex-lover in a tight embrace, feeling the warmth and the not-so-familiarity of his body again. They both smelled the same after so many years and they both felt the same, the same hug, the same love shared between them, the only thing that was different was neither of them knew what they were going to do when the hug finally ended.
“I like the demons as well though.” I raise an eyebrow up at her and scoff slightly which makes her frown. “I feel negativity. You do not like the demons.”
“Get away from me. I have taken Valentina, she is back at the angel kingdom.” He gasps and his lips tremble as tears begin to fall from his eyes.
Castiel was the first one to pull away, obviously realising his stupid mistake and blushing in embarrassment for showing such a weakness in the eyes of a demon, even if that demon was the only person he had ever truly been in love with. Castiel wiped his tear streaked cheeks and sniffed, looking away from Dean but what Dean did next surprised Castiel.
“Castiel, he’s your father. Your real father, your mother was his wife but something attacked her and she must have died after giving birth to you. Your father spent 7 years looking for you and when he found you he invited you to come and live with him as you know. But I chased him down and we came to an agreement instead.”
We rampaged through the houses and the shops in the city but found no sign of the angels. I rode off on my own and slid off my horse when I came across a dark alleyway. I looked around in case anyone saw me and walked into the dark alleyway that was in between two large houses. I couldn’t see a thing down here but I carried on going anyway when I heard faint muttering further down. I crouched down low as I shuffled along the edge of the wall to try and not be seen by whoever was down here. I turned the corner and found three people huddled at a dead end of the alleyway. They hadn’t noticed me yet but when they moved I saw another movement behind them all. Wings. They were three of the angels that had been sighted obviously and were now hiding from our small demon army. I showed myself to them and they all stood up quickly, backing away from me.
"I think I know what killed Leliel." I tell him and his eyes go wide as he looks around for anyone listening, but the coast was clear.
"The lord, he's a demon. What is he like?" My heart started to beat faster in my chest as i looked up to the manor that overlooked the whole town. A demon ruled this village? I wasn't expecting that.
It takes me a day and a half to finally get to the border and find Castiel and Valentina who have pitched a tend and were sitting comfortably around a warm fire as Valentina told him stories about her childhood. He was listening intently as I walked up to them and Val was the first one to notice my arrival as she shot up and came to hug me. I smiled and sat down next to Castiel as she sat in front of us and resumed her story. Somewhere along the lines Castiel’s hand slid into mine, our fingers linking as we sat listening to my-his…. Our daughter ramble on about how she once got her mattress and slid down the huge staircase back at the demon kingdom, back home.
"Do you know which way the market is Dada?" She asks, looking at Dean and he shakes his head. "Do you know which way the market is Papa?" She asks me, and my heart warms when she calls me this. So long i have been waiting for her to call me this and finally....
This was taking forever, I knew I needed to look for my daughter but I was stopping every ten seconds to try and hear a cry or see a bundle of rags shuffling around. I needed to hurry the process as I had no idea what could have taken my little girl. I rode on a bit more but again I stopped when I heard a bird cry, almost thinking that it was a baby. I scowled up at the eagle flying around my heard and growled at it.
It was me that sent the troll on to kill Leliel, however when she battled it and succeeded over it I grew angry at the troll and dragged it's body away to shred it up and send it to it's own stinking family. However I did go back to check on Leliel and to my surprise she had given birth to the child I so hoped I would kill. I tried waiting until the right moment to grab the baby and run, so I went back to my men, ordering them around for a while. When I went back I had found Leliel dead and one of my men informed me that king Castiel was on his way. I didn't want to be around for that so I decided to look for the child instead. However when I got to the place where Leliel had given birth to the child, it was no where in sight.
"Yes, sure! Go get ready." Dean said quickly and i look at him annoyed. He shrugs and looks at me in a way to say; 'what else was i meant to say?' as Val cheers and bounds off the bed and back out of the room, not shutting the door behind her.
The man chuckles, a strangely humourless sound, but pours another generous measure plus one for himself, before setting the decanter down on the side table and taking the seat opposite Dean. “Long evening?”
Thank you to my amazing beta Tricia for getting this done so quickly! And for picking up all the obscure autocorrect fails!!
Then the older Winchester had stumbled to his own cabin and only reappeared a few hours before dinner the following day, subdued and quiet, with a greyish tinge to his skin.
Castiel smiles sadly at him, but doesn’t balk at the question. “My partner. His name was Inias. He died in a car crash in the early hours of Christmas Day, driving over to see me. I’ve never truly forgiven myself.”
He’s so tired that he walks straight to the bedroom and collapses down on the bed without even taking his shoes off.
Hell, he’s even contemplating breaking every speed limit in town in the hope of summoning him. When he turns back again to search for the cop, he’s gone, and the crowd is thickening again as the evening party-goers begin to filter out into the streets.
“Right.” Cas hoists them both up, Lexie on his hip, and walks towards the bedroom with the blanket still wrapped around them. “There's no monster, baby, and I'm going to show you.”
Castiel wakes at midnight on a Wednesday to the sound of one of his children coughing. But when he reaches their bedroom, they're both curled up sleeping soundly in their bedroom, coloured shadows dancing across the walls and the sound of the ocean seeping in through the open window. He approaches Billie first, kneeling down and stroking his son’s forehead. Billie is frowning a little in his sleep, dreaming, and Cas smoothes the line away with his thumb, pressing a kiss in its wake. Lexie next, and he combs gentle fingers through the curling locks. Lexie is breathing deeply, wheezing slightly, and Cas watches him for a while until he's sure his son is settled.
Her laugh is glittery and false, and Meg doesn't join in. Her own gaze is icy and she appraised Amara slowly, head-to-toe, then slides her arm deliberately through Castiel’s. Flushing with embarrassment at Amara’s cutting words, Dean avoids the eyes of everyone else in the circle. He knows he should speak up and defend Meg, tell Amara that she's being catty and that she should apologise. But he can't make the words come. Instead, he focuses on his shoes in spite of his brother’s gaze boring into the side of his head. The silence seems never-ending.
He takes a long time in the shower, enjoying the solitude. He tips his head back, lets the water stream down over his face and into his mouth. It's a little too hot, close to scalding, but he finds he needs it. It soothes his sore back, makes the cuts smart then ease into a dull, almost pleasant ache. It helps the knot beneath his ribs, ever-present and for no real reason, loosen. He washes himself slowly, their jojoba oil body wash feeling good as he soaps up his skin. When he finally shuts off the water, it's past three in the morning and he's exhausted. Eyes heavy with sleep and alcohol, he dries off and walks nude into the bedroom, pulling a clean pair of boxer-briefs from the drawer and climbing into bed next to Amara. He only stumbles a little now. There's a perspiring glass of water on the nightstand and two aspirin which he swallows down gratefully, thankful for her consideration. She's already asleep, her hair tied in a knot on the top of her head, and she turns to snuggle into his side. The blankets feel too heavy, suffocating, but he pulls them up to his chin anyhow and turns his head to look across the room, out of the window. The moon hangs low in the sky and he watches as a cloud makes its slow path across it, fluffy and gray.
that money is tight and that he's working eighty hours a week just to cover their rent and bills as it is. Interest totals are staggered throughout the statement, well into the hundreds themselves, and it sickens him to see them. To see the evidence of just how little she cares about their financial situation as a couple. How little she must truly care for him.
They make love right there on the beach in the moonlight. Dean covers Castiel’s body with his own, worships every golden inch of skin with his mouth, and their gasps and moans go unheard by anyone as the beach stretches on, remote and deserted aside from their naked bodies. Afterwards, lying between Cas’ legs with his face buried in his neck, Dean wonders if heaven is anything like this. Cas’ arms are around him, one hand at the base of his spine and the other in his hair, and it takes him a moment to come back to himself.
He wakes suddenly, eyes open and staring unseeingly ahead of him, to the smell of bacon and coffee coming from the kitchen, and the twins’ lilting voices chattering away animatedly. His hands are clenched in the sheets and every muscle feels wound up tight. Was he dreaming? Another nightmare? He can't remember. Everything feels hazy as he blinks sleep from his eyes and sits up - then panic sets in as he realises how light it is outside and how late it must be. He casts about for his phone or the clock, his heart hammering against his ribs. He's overslept, he must have. Is he late? Who's taking the kids to school? Why isn't Dean at work? Then, with a rush of relief, he realises it's Sunday morning and it doesn't matter how late he's slept. They have nothing to do and nowhere to be. He collapses back against the pillows with a sigh, rubbing his temples and turning to snuggle down under the pristine white sheets... well, they were pristine until Billie decided to bring his colouring books into Dean and Cas’ bed one morning. Now they're streaked with blue and green crayon.
, would it? Sometimes, and he knows he shouldn’t do this but he can’t help himself, he fantasises that Castiel does slip on the ice and that it creates the perfect excuse for Dean to go rushing out, help him up, and Castiel is so grateful that he invites Dean in for a drink to say thank you and they hit it off, spending all evening talking and laughing, then Dean makes them both breakfast the next morning, and…
“It’ll get easier.” Castiel ventures in and sits down on the edge of Billie’s bed, watching his son as he stirs and turns over in his sleep. He reaches for Dean, rubbing the back of his neck, and Dean leans into his touch. “He’s only been home for two days. It’ll start to feel real soon.”
“You guys seem really settled here.” He reaches down to scratch one of the dogs behind the ears as it runs up to him and noses up his legs, scenting him out until it realises who he is and gives a joyful bark. It’s Banjo, ginger and hairy and he sheds all over the soft furnishings, but Sam has nothing but love for the mutt.
Feet feeling heavy, lead-like, he ascends the stairs in the dark. She's in bed already, turned away so all he can see is her bare back, the delicate line of her neck, and her hair wound into a knot on the top of her head. He undresses slowly, the silence between them becoming louder and heavier as the minutes tick by. He doesn't turn on the light, doesn't want to wake her if she's asleep. Doesn't want to annoy her if she's not. It's too cold in the bedroom and his skin gooses as he fumbles in his drawer for a t-shirt to wear in bed, then eventually gives up and climbs in just in his boxers.
First of all, I'm so sorry I took so long to update. This pregnancy has really knocked my ability to sit down and write, which I had no idea would happen! But now with 5 weeks to go, I'm actually finding the time and the inspiration again. Yay!
He sighs, runs a hand through his hair to push it back from his face, and decides to bite the bullet. If they can get whatever it is talked about and out of the way, they can enjoy the rest of their day together. “What’s on your mind, Gabe?”
He tips his head back until it hits the door, appraising their bathroom. He’d proud of this room. He’d done a lot of the work himself, laying the floor tiles and painting the walls. The bath stands in the middle of the room, deep and claw-footed, and the shower is a deep walk-in with a monsoon showerhead. The glass panel is a little loose and he
“We've met,” he says coolly. “But I'm not surprised you don't remember. Guys like you don't tend to remember people like me.”
“Cas…” Worry chokes him like a noose. He moves to sit up, to climb off Cas and find their wet clothes, but suddenly the warm arms return to hold him around the waist and keep him in place.
He dresses slowly, yawning as he does, and follows the sounds of his family down the hall into the kitchen and is immediately grabbed around the waist by Dean who kisses his neck and murmurs, “Morning, darlin,’’ into his skin.
He walks along the deck, finding himself to be on the roof of the smoking room judging by the voices and laughter that drift up to meet him, smoking slowly and looking up at the starlit sky. He can hear the crashing of the waves below him as the
“That sucks,” she links her arm with his. “What’s up with Dean? He’s going to put his neck out if he carries on like that.”
a good documentary on NatGeo later about bumblebee conservation which he'd like to watch. An early night. An empty bed.
Amara gets up from the table and approaches him, her movements calm and collected and ice in her dark eyes. Dean wants to cringe away, turn his back, walk into the living room, but he doesn't. He stands his ground. They need to talk about this.
It’s said in a low, gravelly tone that makes Dean’s flesh goose and the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. He licks his dry lips, dropping his gaze to the cop’s mouth, wondering what it would be like to kiss him right here, right now, on the street in the middle of Pride.
But Castiel’s tone belays his words. That isn’t all, and Sam knows it. It’s visible in the tightness of Castiel’s mouth, the frown lines, the way he’s holding his shoulders. It looks as though he’s having an internal debate with himself as to whether he should divulge something clearly personal to Dean or not. Eventually, he apparently comes to the conclusion that he shouldn’t and clams up entirely, saying nothing more behind encouraging Sam to talk to his brother. The barbecue goes off without a hitch, but Dean is noticeably absent and it leaves a sour taste in the air.
“Do you think he’s helping?” Castiel had murmured, wrapping an arm around Dean’s waist and swiping a hand over his mouth. He hasn’t slept in close to thirty-six hours and sways where he stands. “Billie? Do you think…”
“Of course.” He presses a kiss to her lips. She smells sweet, like cherries on a summer’s day. “Amara listen, about tomorrow night…”
“Dean?” He turns to look over his shoulder, eyes scanning the crowd as he searches for his brother. “Dean? Do you see this?”
But right now, right at this moment, he can’t think of a single thing to say nor can he make his face do anything but gape at the man in front of him. All his charm has bled away to nothing. The Dean Winchester who can pick up anyone seems to have gone somewhere and in his place is this stuttering, nervous wreck. Awesome.
“Yes, I think so.” Jack stands on tiptoe, craning his neck to see. “The Winchester brothers are here, Jessica is already on board... oh.” He stops short, lips suddenly setting into a straight, prim line. “Mr Winchester, sir? Four rooms? Is she...”
Eventually he sidles over to a table where a round-faced woman has snacks on offer with a small card reading
Amara closes the door behind her and returns to the kitchen. The large glass doors are wide open, allowing a warm breeze to drift in and circle around the kitchen. There’s a bottle of wine open on the countertop in a cooler and she pours herself a second, sipping it slowly and tapping her manicured nails on the marble top as she does. Outside, Dean is bent over the barbecue, tinkering with something.
Her smile is a little too sweet, too saccharine, and as tempting as it is just to invite himself inside and wait for Dean to return, the thought of sitting opposite Amara for any length of time leaves a bad taste in his mouth. He’ll call Dean tonight, arrange to meet, and not take no for an answer.
He doesn't know what's going on with him lately. He's tense all the time. He snaps at the children, he gripes at Jimmy, and yet nobody seems to have noticed. He knows they're all busy with their own lives and that's good - he doesn't want them fawning all over him constantly anyway. He should be happy. He's got everything he ever dreamed of and more: his career has taken off again, his kids are doing great, he's getting married… He swallows a lump in his throat at that thought. He's getting married. They're getting
“Then why...?” Jack trails off, coming to his senses and realising that it isn’t his place to question his employer’s brother. But Dean just smirks, setting the crystal tumbler down with a clatter and heaving himself to his feet.
Dean Winchester squints curiously at the blue vintage radio on the shelf, which is currently spewing out a cheerful rendition of
He takes Meg’s hand and bows low to kiss it, making her shake her hair back and laugh at his antics. Castiel has moved away from Gabriel’s hand, scowling deeply, and is running his fingers through his hair in an attempt to tame it back into place. It’s a losing battle, in Dean’s opinion.
“Heya Sammy,” He thunders down the steps from the decking onto the lawn where Sam is tending barbecue, a four-pack of beers in his hand, and claps his brother on the shoulder. “Hope you don’t mind me bringing a plus one.”
He doesn't know what he needs. Not really. And that thought combined with the pain, with the residual shock of the accident brings a burst of tears to his eyes and a choked sob escapes before he can clap a hand to his mouth. Fuck. Castiel, of all people, cannot hear him like this. He needs to clean up, to sort himself out, to hang up the phone.
The event is to raise money for the city’s firefighters, and it’s a cause close to Dean’s heart. His father had trained as a firefighter the year after his mother died, and it became his passion and his career for the remaining years of his life. Alcoholism had taken him in the end, but Dean had never been more proud of his father’s achievements, of the lives he saved in his years on the force. So when Amara told him of her plans to host a dinner in support of the local fire service, he knew he wouldn’t be able to pass this one over. She’s accepted a generous donation from him as well, telling everyone how her wonderful boyfriend was the main supporter of her event, and it made Dean’s ears burn every time she said it. He hates the limelight, always has. He’d rather cheer from the sidelines, but with Amara at his side it isn’t always possible.
“Dean, you're being ridiculous.” She laughs - actually laughs - and fury boils up inside him, so much so that his vision swims with it.
She nudges some paperwork out of the way and perches on the corner of his desk, eyeing the mounting piles of documents around him with a wary look. She’s sipping from a travel mug, probably a chai latte from the smell of it, and she puts it down and crosses her legs at the ankles, appraising him. She’s known him for a long time, since graduating college, and she’s his best friend. Best friend, confidante, sometimes-lover, never girlfriend. They tried that once and it didn’t work out. But she’s always been there for him, just as he’s been for her, and he can’t imagine life without her.
“Not everyone can afford a tree, Dean.” Sam grimaces at his brother’s appalling table manners, wiping chewed-up cherry pie from his sleeve. “And some people aren’t religious, they don’t celebrate Christmas.”
“Bobby isn’t,” he murmurs, allowing the guilt to crash over him like a wave breaking on the sands. Amara shakes her head.
The doorbell jingles and Dean looks up, a smile splitting his face as he sees who it is. Even after over a year of being together, seeing Cas brings butterflies to his stomach. His boyfriend - no,
“Cas, I’m so sorry.” He leans in and pulls Castiel close to him, burying his face in his wet hair and pressing kisses wherever he can. “I’m so fucking sorry. Whatever it is, I’m sorry. And for all the shit I said to you, Jesus, you didn’t deserve any of it.”
Dean turns but can't see Amara anywhere. She's not easy to miss in a crowd and certainly not tonight, with her long dark hair in flowing curls down her back and a red sequinned dress that hugs her figure. He dreads to think how much that cost him and, at the thought of his bank balance, finishes off the rest of his champagne and scans the room to find the bar.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice sounds different now, thick with concern. “Dean, listen to me. What's your address? Dean? Dean!”
“Hey, Cassie made me swear off setting him up on blind dates years ago.” Gabriel shrugs his jacket and scarf off, dumping them on Sam who folds the items neatly and sets them down with his own. The lovesick expression on his brother’s face makes Dean want to barf. “Nothing I can do, I’m afraid.”
Last year, Castiel had Dean help him redesign his bathroom. It’s all dark tile with pale grouting, wooden flooring, claw-footed tub and walk-in shower. It’s spacious and relaxing and Dean loved helping him with the project, coordinating the contractors and rolling his sleeves up to step in when he thought he could do something better himself. He and Cas have shared many a happy memory in her, in the shower and in the bathtub together - and one not-so-successful time when Cas had bent him over the sink and taken him hard from behind while Dean’s sweaty palms slipped on the ceramic and he fell forward and split his lip open on the tap. But now, all the good memories freeze and shatter before his eyes as the scene in the bathroom before him reeks of nothing but pain and sadness.
They’d fucked passionately over the kitchen counter, then again on the couch. And again in the bedroom, Meg on top, and alcohol giving Castiel a burst of stamina he wasn’t expecting but was certainly grateful for. They hadn’t bothered to clean up, too spent from their activities, and Meg had curled her naked body up against him, laughing as she'd caught her breath. He'd kissed the pads of her fingers and eventually he’d fallen asleep with his hand in her hair and her breath coming in gentle puffs against his chest. She's lovely in every way, and he knows they both wish it could work out as boyfriend and girlfriend. But they drive each other crazy if they even hang out for too long, so a long-term relationship is out of the question. He can't stand how messy she is, and she's easily infuriated by what she casually refers to as the ‘stick up his butt’. Their friendship is ten years strong and they've both seen men and women pass between them as fleeting affairs, half-hearted attempts at serious romance, only for them to come together again and again as lovers and close friends. Castiel sometimes wonders if he'll ever find anyone special, anyone he loves and cherishes more than Meg. Anyone who lights a different kind of fire within him. Anyone who's better in bed than she is, can make him see stars when he comes the way she does. He isn't sure. He hopes so, because he knows for certain that one day she'll find a man of her own, fall in love and settle down, and he’ll be left watching from the sidelines. It's a thought that makes him feel suddenly cold and he rubs his arm absently. Tonight isn't the night to feel lonely, not when she's waiting for him in bed.
“Not really.” He scrubs a hand over his face. “Gabe, call me crazy here, but… you don't think Amara would hurt Dean, do you? Like, really hurt him. Intentionally.”
“I love you too,” He parrots, marvelling at how easily the words leave his lips. They only sound a little bit mechanical as well. Not enough for her to notice. Within minutes she's asleep, breathing hotly against the back of his neck, twitching slightly as she succumbs to dreams.
“Oh yes, that is probably the thing that I miss the most you know.” Gabriel says, looking up at the sky himself. I smile at my younger brother and pat him on the shoulder before turning on my heel. “Castiel, I’m sorry you have to go through the things you do in this place.”
“You love the King of angels? The king of the demons loves the king of the angels? This society is messed up.” Anna exclaims, shaking her head in disbelief while I’m still staring at Dean in utter shock.
“Ah, I see.” He goes quite again and looked over at Val who looked like she had calmed down a bit so I decide to speak up.
"Yes I do, but I cannot tell you Castiel. Perhaps it is tomorrow or maybe 20 years from now. But he will come."
"I can't believe i'm 18 already, time flies so quickly." She sighs, sitting down on the tree stump. My hands itch as i pat the present in my pocket to make sure it was still there.
"Finally." She scolds, handing us our cloaks and walking over to the door, stepping out quickly. Dean gives me a worried look and I just pout at him before following our daughter out of the door quickly, only to find her already down at the bottom of the path and next to a large oak tree. "Hurry up!" She says again, stomping her little feet so me and Dean walk a little faster towards her. She holds out her hands so we take one each and start walking away from the protection of the house and into the woods.
“I don’t know. Look yourself.” I say and he walks over and looks out the window at the view before looking back at me confused.
"Good by Valentina." He says, smiling brightly with a small twinkle in his eye which brings butterflies to my stomach. "I hope to see you again."
"My jesters outfit, I look pretty darn cute right?" He winks at me and catches the glance at one of the demon ladies and also winks at her. She blushes, giggles and does a small wave to him before he looks back at me and grins broadly. "I'm not going to lie my brother; some of these demon ladies are pretty flexible. They can sard me anytime."
“No.” Is all he says before I shake my head at him for the utter betrayal and extend my wings and finally fly off out of the castle and back towards home. I don’t know why I didn’t just kill him there and then but I just couldn’t bring myself to do that. He had killed my wife and taken my daughter but… I still loved him so much that it hurt, and it hurt even more now that I knew what he had done. I should have expected something like this from him, he was a demon after all.
“DAMN IT!” He shouted and threw down the clothes angrily. “WHY DOES A PERSON NEED TO WEAR THIS MANY CLOTHES IN ONE NIGHT?”
“I think you should sleep in your study tonight.” I tell him quietly and he nods his head, without another word he walks off out of our chambers. I look at the back of him, my vision blurring up but it was at that moment I knew that I couldn’t give up on us. I couldn’t give up on our marriage and I couldn’t give up on the father of my child. I just couldn’t.
“C’mon Cas, don’t be an ass. We are all dying out there, we need more men.” Cas rolls his eyes and sighs.
"Dean." He says abruptly and he stand away from him slightly, looking at him apologetically. "I swear if you say sorry one more time i'm going to shove this flower up your ass."
"Did they think you were pretty?" She mocked gently and I couldn't help but smile at her light and hearty laughter.
I kept travelling down the narrow hallways and finally smelt the fresh air, knowing that I was closer to getting out of the castle grounds. I slid through a crack in the wall and looked up at the bright blue sky above me, feeling the breeze drift through my hair and around my skin. It had felt like an eternity since I had last been out of the palace so it felt good to breathe in the fresh air. I started walking, keeping down low so not to be seen by any of the guards up on the battlements but I finally got to the stables where they kept the horses and picked out a nice, boring brown one - knowing his would belong to no one of importance. I rode for three whole days, running the horse almost into the ground during the time. When I finally got to my destination I jumped straight off the horse without hardly waiting for it to stop and entered the isolated building. As I walked through everybody stared, anger and hate filling their eyes but I had a more important mission than to deal with a couple of jealous and ignorant angels. I walked up the spiral staircase until I came to a door up on the top floor of the high building, knocking on it three times, making my raps loud and obnoxious. The door swung open and there he was, sat behind a writing desk. He looked up at me and perked his eyebrows up expectantly.
“ALL RISE FOR DEAN WINCHESTER, PRINCE OF LAWRENCE.” The doors swung open and it revealed a hall full of demons, watching me closely as I stood in the middle of the doors and looked around them, showing no emotion on my face. I walked slowly down the stone steps and onto the red carpet that had been rolled out for me. I walked slowly down this and kept my eyes to the front of the room where my father and Sam was stood, staring at me. Father looked proud and Sammy looked sad. He knew me too well and he knew that I didn’t want this, or at least I didn’t want to get married. It was my own fault, I had proposed to her when I was in a state of shock but I couldn’t take it back now.
“This is going to sound ironic-“ I say and look up at him but he just nods his hand and waves his hand to tell me to carry on. “Well, she reminded me of you with the blue eyes and dark hair and it was the time when you had just left from visiting me. Valentine is an old saint that made the tradition of courtly love. Her name literally means ‘love’ and I just thought it was suit her y’know?”
"You Winchesters are all the same." He chuckles and I grimace at him before carrying on where we left off. I lower him down on the ground and hover over him, slipping of my cloak and tunic, letting them fall to the floor so I was only left in my leggings. I grip his thighs tightly, running my hand along the smooth skin which makes me aroused and begging for more. My hand brushes along the base of his cock and he gróans when I move it away, his legs shaking slightly.
Half a day later and Gabriel dropped me back in the courtyard of my castle. I smile at him and he pats me on the back.
“How the hell did you-“I say but he cuts me off as he pushes me back into my chambers and slams the door shut.
“Unless?” He turns around to face me slowly with a fiery gaze and a sad sneer. “Unless I actually am you mean?”
"Val, Valentina, please wake up! Please wake up i beg you. You can't be dead." I sob into her black hair. "Please." I rock her body back and forth and hear the angel and the demon talking.
"Okay." She smiles and shuffles towards me, stopping a few inches from my face. I look at her in confusion and she rolls her eyes.
"Hello Crowley." I say, acknowledging a nod in his direction. He looks up at me from his paperwork and returns the nod.
"Well, not if I kill them first." I smile happily and say casually as if it's the most obvious thing in the world. "Ain't that right baby girl! I'm going to kill every son of a bitch that comes near you. I am." I say in a baby voice and Sam groans loudly.
"That sounds like it would hurt. How about you just go to the one you want to go too... More, and tell a maid to tell the other one that the another had summoned you?"
"I told you not to go out there unless you're either with me or papa Val." He tells me and i roll my eyes.
“You are pardoned.” Leliel nods and smiles at her innocently before Emandriel turns around and storms off. “Jeesh, what’s up her ass?” Gabriel was having a full on laughing fit on the floor at that moment as Castiel was still trying to keep from bursting into laughing by holding the laugh between his cheeks. Leliel shrugs before starting to walk back inside.
I walked down the paved streets of New York City, watching and hearing all the loud cars go by and the bustling people bump into each other or greet each other. He was mesmerized by how much had changed in thousands of years. Rather than angels and demons ruling earth, now humans did. Who would have guessed? They were always such background characters and now they were the most important beings on earth.
“Love the castle, it’s very big though. Wonder how they fill all the rooms.” She says, chuckling slightly. “Do you think the king in trying to compensate for something… you know… down there.” She winks at the two men and Gabriel snorts as Cas raises his eyebrows and frowns at the young lady before kicking Gabriel slightly.
“Now now Castiel, calm down.” Gabriel laughs and rolls his eyes at Leliel who is smirking slightly. “He doesn’t exactly like her but he needs to marry.”
"Alright Little Red, we're here." Dean says, grinning at the little girl who was tapping her foot impatiently.
“Actually, let me kill them.” I smile appears on my face as fear sets in the angels eyes. “This is going to be so much fun.”
“Shhhhhhhhh, please stop crying.” I whine at the little girl who hadn’t stopped crying for the last half an hour. “Why are you moaning? What do you even want?” I snap at the baby who stops crying for a moment at the sound of my voice before starting again even louder. I groan loudly before taking her back out of the basket and trying to rock her back to sleep but she wouldn’t go. I check her rags to see if she had pooed and almost gipped at the smell.
"Maybe, but they didn't need Leliel for that. They have my daughter and they know that an angel will do anything for their kin." I tell him and he sighs and rubs his eyes.
“THEN LET THEM KILL ME!” I shout, making people look at us. I lower my voice once again to whisper to him. “If I can’t have you then I would rather be dead!”
“Yes baby girl, I’m here.” I whisper, feeling slight conscious of the fact that her real father was watching on sadly. “I have something to tell you okay but first you have to pack a bag.”
"Not so sure your majesty, we got called down here un-expectantly also." I purse my lips and turn around when I hear the doors opening and watching two angels walk in.
"You carrying that basket, you make a very beautiful woman Castiel." He jokes and i mumble under my breath.
"I know you think that I betrayed our kind Michael, but that is not the case. I have some information for you." I keep my head held high as his piercing blue eyes bare into me.
I turn back around to look at him sadly and a tear has slipped from his eyes as he looks back at me, his shoulders are hunched slightly and he looks so small, smaller then I had ever seen him before.
"Good afternoon your majesty." Crowley smiles at me grimly and I bow to him before bowing to my father also as a sign of respect. I then sit down on Crowley's right hand side and the meeting begins. However my head is not really in it and I'm just twitching impatiently the whole time that it is going on. Finally after what seems like five hours Crowley calls the meeting to and end and I rush back out of the castle to go back to the carpenters where the crib is waiting for me. I thank the man and carry it back up to the castle with ease. Angel slaves and demons are looking at me strangely as I carry the crib through the courtyard and through the castle but I decided to just ignore them all and take it straight to my chambers where Sam was still sat, cuddling the little girl I put the crib down and rush around collecting a bunch of blankets and quilts and pillows for her before pushing them all into the crib and looking at Sam proudly.
We got back to the angel city in the dead of night, silently riding through the quiet streets to try and not awake anybody and cause a midnight celebration that we were all way too tired to cope with right now. I rode up to the castle and let a servant take my horse before entering the castle and walking up to my chambers. When I entered them I saw Leliel lying asleep in our bed and leaned against the door frame watching her sleep sadly. She was lying on her back so I could see the growing bump forming on her stomach and went over to her quietly. As gently as I could I placed my hands on her stomach and closed my eyes, using my powers to try and feel the baby’s heartbeat.
“ALL HAIL HIS MAJESTY, DEAN WINCHESTER. KING OF LAWRENCE.” Everyone stood, everyone bowed and everyone applauded. I nodded my head and sat down in my throne, looking out into the crowd. Then my cloak was shoved off me and a new cloak was placed on my shoulders, one that was pure white. I stood up once again and the doors at the back of the hall opened to show Anna in an all-white wedding gown that trailed on the floor behind her. He red hair looked brighter against the white gown and I tried to make myself believe how lucky I was to be marrying someone like this.
"I may not have been her real father, but at least i didn't sell myself as some sex slave. She would have been ashamed of you." The demon hissed, their emotions were coming out in very aggressive ways and suddenly, i became angry with them. I put her down slowly and picked a red rose to lay on her bosom before turnning to the two beings who were ready to rip each others throat out due to the grief. I stand up slowly and they both quickly turn to me, eyes wide.
"Fúck yoúrself onto my fingérs, your majesty." I growl at him viciously and he móans loudly before rócking his híps backwards and forwards onto my fingers. To his surprise I slíp another one in and he hisses at how sudden it was but soon gets used to the added finger and tightér space. He moves around my fingers faster and I curl them to try and find his swéet spot and when I finally do he cálls out my name, which is like music to my ears.
“He doesn’t love you.” I whisper to him before storming out of his study with Anna following close behind.
"People will talk. We must go somewhere more private." She nods and beckons me to follow her so I do. We scurry along the halls and up flights upon flights of stairs until finally we are at the top of some sort of tower, however we don't stop there. She reaches up and opens a latch that leads onto the rooftop of the tower and climbs through it, me following closely behind. When we are up there she turns to look at me. She bows low and respectfully. Not a curtsy like she is used to doing with Dean but kneels down on one knee and lowers her head before saying;
“Gabriel, let me stay with you! Please, I don’t want to go back to the demons. I want to know what it was like for my mother growing up, how she used to deal with things and how she used to play and learn.” He pleaded and Gabriel sighed and looked at me.
“I want to know why you let the Winchester brothers go when you had them in your grip here. You realise this is a war don’t you, so why not kill them?” He got straight to the point and slouched in my throne a bit and rested my head on my knuckles and clicked my tongue at the top of my mouth.
“I’m sorry ok?” I tell her. “I am so sorry. Our daughter matters more to me than anything, more than him, more than the kingdom. I beg of you, please don’t take her away from me.” She pushes away from me and turns around so she is not facing me anymore. She looks small, he blonde hair falling in front of her face as her crouches over, her shoulders drooping forwards.
“He told me.” I say and he frowns, his eyes flashing with anger slightly. “He didn’t tell me that you loved him, only that he loved you. It has been known for an angel to fall in love with a demon before but for a demon to fall in love with an angel is almost unheard of. There has only been one case of a demon falling for an angel and that was the prince’s, or now the kings own father. I didn’t believe that you would have loved him but I see it now. I saw it when I came to meet you on the battlefield. I told you I loved you and you didn’t say it back.” I explained to him sadly and the whole time he just stood there rigidly, not being able to take his gaze from me which I found quite uncomfortable.
My mind exploded as the warmth of her lips spread through my whole body, sending sparks into my eyes which made me see little white dots in my vision. I didn't know i had closed my eyes until she pulled away as quickly as she approached me and i opened them.
“No Castiel, I will not stand for you to just leave me and her whenever you’re feeling a bit aroused to go meet him. She deserves better than that. I DESERVE better than that.”
"I'm at your command your highness." I fake bowed and he growled at me so I decided now was a good time to carry on. I un-straddled his hips and spread his legs apart so I could get in between them. I lifted his thighs up so he was fully exposed to me and leant my head down to lick his hole gently. He gasped and then moaned loudly as I flicked and twisted my tongue inside of him. His moan was like oxygen to me and I wanted to hear more of it this instant. I brought my fingers up to his mouth and took my tongue out of him long enough to tell him to suck on them. He obliged easily enough so I carried on pleasuring him with my mouth and tongue while he licked and sucked on my fingers and writhed beneath me. All of a sudden I brought my mouth away from his hole and took my fingers out of his mouth. He made a noise of complaint but I just smiled at him and pushed his legs up higher to grant my fingers entrance.
"They're beautiful!" She exclaims and i frown, looking around at the roses and than back to her. I open my mouth up to speak against but once again, she cuts me off. "How did you know roses were my favourite flower? And they're red too! Oh Luce!" She exclaims, plopping herself down by one of the flower beds and smelling the roses, smiling broadly.
"I've had years of practice." I shrug before beginning to take off his waistcoat and then his shirt, leaving him half naked as I chucked them behind me and attached my lips to his again. I stuck my thumbs inside the waistband of his leggings and started sliding them down, agonisingly slowly, making sure to brush his genitals as I went down, making his shiver under my touch. When these were off he was left stark naked underneath me and I let out a sly grin and I took all of him in with my eyes, enjoying the moment way too much. I ran a finger up his growing erection which made it twitch slightly and he grit is teeth.
What he and Dean has, it isn’t enough for Castiel any more. It had started out as two close friends having a drunken kiss one night after too many beers, and progressed into something much more - at least physically. And, for Castiel, mentally, emotionally and spiritually. And he had hoped, on some level, that Dean wanted more from him too, that the false bravado and constant talk of being ‘just fuck buddies’ was just to mask his fear of commitment and that under it all Dean really did want them to settle down and have the apple pie life he always scoffs at.
Abruptly deciding he doesn’t give a shit about rules and decorum any more, after a mere ten minutes of trying, he reaches for a bread roll and tears it in half with his hands, earning a grimace from the elderly man to Sam’s left and an open-mouthed stare from two of the other diners. Molly Brown’s eyebrow and lips lift in a small smile, and Jessica’s eye twinkles as she catches his gaze then quickly looks away. Sam, tight-lipped, looks disapproving and his eyes flick fervently around the table to see if they’re being judged.
He tugs at his bow tie where it cuts uncomfortably into his Adam’s apple, and feels a bead of sweat drip down his spine beneath his shirt. He’s dressed up to the nines in his best (only) tuxedo and bears a bunch of roses in one arm and candy in a heart-shaped box in the other.
And not once had Castiel been tempted to call Dean. His pride won’t allow it. He knows when he’s not wanted, has had plenty of experience with rejection over the years, and he certainly isn’t going to humiliate himself by begging Dean to reconsider or to come home so they can talk it all out. If and when Dean gets in touch when he comes home, they can talk then. He was very matter-of-fact about it and had managed to get a firm handle on his emotions by the time he woke up on Wednesday morning.
“He is. Kinda. But maybe there’s more to it than you think.” Castiel leans his arm on the back of the couch, resting his chin on his hand, and watches Meg make coffee for them both in her underwear. It's late, the hour crawling towards midnight, and he's wrapped in a blanket with their combined sweat cooling on his skin, feeling strangely disconnected from her tonight. For some reason that currently escapes him, he hasn't been able to shake off the conversation he had with Dean earlier in the week.
“I don't think your cousin’s decor is the issue here.” Sam murmurs testily, almost to himself. He's exhausted, wiped out, yet his mind is ablaze with a thousand possible scenarios that could have brought Dean and Castiel together last night. The guy was so vague on the phone that Sam had wanted to jump down the line and strangle him. But no amount of probing for details - or outright threatening - has worked, and he'd gone to bed none the wiser and twice as worried.
“And you saw fit to open my mail, did you?” Her sharp voice draws him back to the present. “You really don't trust me at all, do you?”
Sam smirks back at him, pretending to whack him on the arm with the spatula. Dean ducks away, laughing, pressing down the hollow dart of alarm that threatened to rise at his brother’s jokey gesture. Sam wouldn’t really hit him, and it wouldn’t hurt if he did. He’s being stupid, reacting to it. He turns away to open two beers, handing one to his brother and leaning against the fence post to watch him cook.
Amara is downstairs in the kitchen, clattering about and talking on her cell phone to someone, laughing loudly. He leans over and pushes the bedroom door closed, wanting some peace and quiet. Their bedroom is cool and spacious, decorated with clean lines and soft blankets. On the wall hangs his framed copy of Led Zeppelin’s platinum vinyl, a gift from his father, and on the opposite wall is a poster of
Back inside, he shivers and blows into his cupped hands to try and encourage some warmth back into them. The cold is bitter, penetrating deep into his bones and he can’t wait to get back to his suite and clamber into the soft, comfortable bed and fall asleep. Rubbing his palms together vigorously and lamenting his own stupidity at not bringing his overcoat, he finds his room in relatively quick time and fishes in his pocket for his key.
“He seems happy,” Sam shrugs. “They’ve been together a long time. I remember dad really liked her, and that was important to Dean, finding someone he approved of. They’ve got a great life together. I wish I could afford their gym.”
He clatters down the stairs, lost in thought, and heads for the changing rooms, pulling his shower gel and shampoo out of his bag so roughly that he drops both on the floor. Rolling his eyes in irritation, he picks them up and shucks out of his clothes quickly. Any pleasure he'd taken in his workout - however thin - has entirely dissipated now and all he wants is to head home. His shower is quick, perfunctory, and when he emerges his hair is slicked back and his towel is wrapped firmly around his waist. He's feeling a little more settled, still annoyed, simultaneously frustrated with himself for not saying more to the asshole upstairs, but better than he had been. Then, back at his locker, he sees him.
Turns out he didn’t have to wish too hard this year to find his happiness. It was right across the street all along.
. People in this world don’t inhabit such hovels as cabins; those are saved for the people in the lower classes. The people he now surrounds himself with require multiple rooms and an array of staff just to take them on a few days’ journey from one side of the world to the other. Although he has to admit, he’d rather sit this one out in luxury than cramped below decks like a sardine in a tin can.
A bubble of fondness floats in his chest, and Dean has to repress his smile. “Well, I was gonna say you could break into my Nutella, but I don’t know if that’ll fix the same craving.”
“Crowley?” Dean reiterates lightly. Having gotten to know the brit better, he wouldn’t put the act past him.
With the resigned and almost ridiculing tone, Castiel was aware that Dean was implying an entirely different concern, but he knew better than to ask. So, instead, he held his hand out, beckoning for Dean’s bottle. Dean looked incredulous, brows furrowed and expression disbelieving, almost pulling the bottle closer to himself. Castiel held his stare nonetheless.
With a slow exhale, his eyelashes fluttered as he squinted in the light. Still, he found himself alone in the Sunday afternoon heat, accompanied only by the unfamiliar horse tied in front of the hotel.
There’s silence, and Dean becomes acutely aware that not only can he not witness any nonverbal communication between them, but that the conversation is about
Shrugging, Dean laughs breathily. “Benny’s always telling me to stop feeling guilty about it, that it’s not my fault.” Unable to resist, Dean turns his head to face Cas. “And plus, I wouldn’t have been able to meet you.”
His nerves, on the other hand, felt like metal buzzing in a thunderstorm, waiting to be hit by lightning. They simmered under his skin, crackling with every exhale and magnifying his pulse so that he was aware of his every heartbeat. Castiel tried to gulp it down, restrain the excitement that coursed through his veins, but all he could feel was how his Adam’s apple bobbed, how the movement created a ripple of that crackling energy down his chest.
it had been three long months Castiel had tried to escape, tried to discard all that he had discovered that night. All Dean had to do was pull Castiel back in with a look of those pretty green eyes, and Castiel was back in the saloon again, with nothing but a glass of whiskey, an empty stomach, and an unrelenting thirst.
In the borrowed bed off to the side, Cas lays on his side, just as unconscious as Dean had last seen him. His chest is also bare (and, based on the glisten, drenched in sweat), covered by the blanket that is pulled up to his shoulders. Dean doesn’t even hesitate when he drags himself across the room to settle on the mattress at Cas’s side.
And the third… well, the third is an interesting one: Cas has a deep, gravelly, smokes-five-packs-a-day voice.
In the dim firelight, he sees Jesús (Jessie) pause in his laughter, catching Dean out of the corner of his eye. Dean freezes like an unsuspecting deer caught in the lantern light. Jessie’s work-earned figure is slouched against a log, relaxed by the booze running through his system, and an appealing amount of buttons are undone on his shirt, barely hinting at the dark hair Dean knows spreads wild across his chest. Grinning with his teeth showing, shining in the firelight, Jessie tips his head to the side—away from the crowd, away from the herd—beckoning Dean with an unspoken question. Dean’s heart trips over itself.
Dean murmured, just loud enough for Castiel to hear his inquiry. Though he maintained eye contact with Castiel, he nudged the length that curved upward and toward Castiel’s stomach, leaving distracted kisses and nuzzles that were never quite enough.
Dean had his head tilted back, lips wrapped around the bottle and Adam’s apple bobbing when Castiel reached over to push down the liquor.
” Cas gasps, pressing another kiss to Dean’s lips, “you didn’t want me anymore.” Another kiss. “I was… used up.”
The rain begins just as the light from the moon is beginning to wane. Dean hopes that it will be enough to wake the cowhands, but with how far into the drive they’ve come, he knows that exhaustion can let them sleep through most. He chirks Impala to a canter.
“Did you sleep at all last night?” Sam asks him after, when they’re back at the camp and packing everything up. Dean shakes his head. “You should at least sleep in the chuckwagon for the first few miles. We need you functioning.” Dean doesn’t respond, but he’s too tired to argue. He might not sleep, but he has to remain the responsible one as the auger of the drive.
. He’s so caught off-guard that he can’t reciprocate at first, but then his hands relax to grab at Cas’s arms and he tilts his head so their lips can slot together with ease.
he ensures that he times himself to wear his exercise shorts (the ones that really accentuate his ass) on the days that Cas monitors his exercise sessions. He’s confident enough in himself that he knows what his assets are, and he smirks when he catches Cas’s gaze skittering away as he lifts his arms above his head and stretches.
Though he’s stopped fighting, Dean’s stare lingers at the door, longing to go see for himself that Cas is still breathing, still okay. Pay-ati doesn’t say anything else about it, but then again, he’s usually very concise, and his stoic expression eases Dean to back down.
With Dean speechless and Sam having nothing else to say, he offers his brother an encouraging smile and stands up, brushing off his jeans of dust and leaving Dean to consider his advice.
Ironically, Dean’s agitation only makes it worse for himself, as not only is he constantly brought back to the lab with Cas to have his vitals rechecked for any anomalies, but Dean is also vividly aware that
Their stare never broke, as Dean brought the canteen to his lips. He drank for a long while, the silence stretching long and loud between them. He drank as if to chase away a dying thirst. Castiel ran his tongue over his lips, pulling them in with his teeth.
The rest of their crew is already waiting for them, giving them a round of applause as both Dean and Cas set foot—well…
During the creative process and while the pizzas are wrapped in foil and baked, Dean keeps his camera near him, taking pictures of how Ash streaks tomato sauce across Charlie’s pizza and calls it a
No one speaks up after Charlie finishes. They listen to Rufus’s harmonica wheeze, the logs in the fire crackle, and a lazy round of laughter from the Mexicans.
Nudging the watch open, Dean’s not surprised to see the crack in the glass, splitting the clock face in half.
“Because I like staring at you,” Dean reasons. He rolls around so that Cas isn’t upside-down anymore. “You’re nice to look at.”
Benny, of course, finds the entire event utterly hysterical. Dean has his face in his hands as Benny clutches at his chest, swinging between laughter over his friend’s retelling and cringing from spasms of pain as his bad leg shifts uncomfortably.
The flame on the matchstick had grown too close to Castiel, warming him from the inside out as it glowed brighter and into reality.
… Dean’s glad that that piece of information was retained over the past… however many days he was out. It’s only a few steps away, and the notion of what lays beyond the door is enough for Dean to quicken his pace.
Nonetheless, Dean is as stubborn as an ass and works silently, concentrating on developing his stamina for this type of work as efficiently as possible. The effort pays off quickly, with his colleagues appreciating both his hardworking demeanour on the job and his bold but friendly demeanour off the job. Soon, he gains enough strength to start joining in their work song, having both listened to the tunes enough times to familiarize himself with the melodies as well as to be able to balance the exertion his stamina allows between harmonizing and moving wooden beams.
Dean didn’t find out why Cas seems icier around Crowley until that next Sunday when he shuts one of the food units with a little too much force. Charlie and Dean—who are playing chess on the main table in Unity—turn around in surprise. Cas’s expression is best described as stormy, which only becomes more accurate when you consider that the best the astronaut can do is float grumpily across the commons.
— he only hopes that Cas didn’t notice how Dean lingered in that touch, entranced by the way those soft curls of hair felt between his fingers.
It’s a more lethargic evening that Dean spends at the kitchen table, watching as Mary bustles around the room humming. They had just finished washing and drying the dishes, and there’s one of her famous apple pies in the oven, filling the entire cabin with its aroma. Dean feels warmer than he has in a long time, listening to the slow melody she sings as she reveals the perfectly golden pie and leaves it out to cool.
“Please at least look at his file,” Garth continues, probably getting anxious over Dean’s lack of a response. “You’re together for five whole months: you’ll need to get to know him at
In his duster coat pocket, a small object that Dean doesn’t think much of anymore bumps against his hand. He curls his fingers around the strangely cool metal and pulls it out.
In his daze, a whirlwind of memories picks up in Dean’s head, and he tries to sit up again when he sees the image of Cas lying half-dead in his arms, frantically glancing around the room for any sign of his presence.
“It… really is something,” Dean says, because at the moment, there aren’t many words coming to his head at all.
“Useless without a pistol,” Dean shouts over the cacophony, barely discernible despite the fact he’s right next to the boy. “Go find a spare in the wagon.” Joe nods, immediately taking off in the opposite direction the cattle are heading towards.
The grandfather clock kept ticking, drowning the room with every second, yet it felt like no time passed at all. Each floorboard creaked under Castiel’s steps as he paced around and around the room, lingering by the window every once in a while to gaze out toward the hotel. When he felt like he was overwhelmed, suffocating between a ceiling, a floor, and four wooden walls, Castiel waited outside, drinking in the hot air as if it would give him any relief.
Speaking of Sam, Dean had actually tried talking his brother out of going too; after hearing about all the stuff that goes bump in the night that really does crawl around in the shadows (not to mention the fact that all those unusual thunderstorms are apparently demon-caused), he was hesitant to let Sammy outside of the safety the ranch offered. Of course, the bullheadedness must run in the family, because Sam also comes along for the ride anyhow (… after Dean made sure that he will have plenty of anti-demon protection on him at all times).
Because he’s been floating through an opium-induced haze for the past while, he’s not entirely sure how much time has passed, but it’s the middle of the night when he drifts to consciousness, more aware than he has been in a long time. Dean stays in bed, not entirely sure if he’ll drift back to sleep, but because of how long he’s been out, it never comes.
Almost immediately, Cas’s expression softens, and he pauses for a few seconds before saying: “... You don’t have to offer your own food in return for mine.”
“Wasn’t you that did the deed. I was getting warm, anyhow, and I almost got a show on top of that.” He nods at him, and Dean scowls in return. “I should probably head off; it was a pleasure, bucking the tiger.” His arm is outstretched. Dean stares at it longer than he probably should, taking notice of the brand-like scar on his forearm.
Pausing for breath as he temporarily runs out of words, Dean’s thoughts come to a halt when he becomes distinctly aware of his friend’s silence on the other side of the line. He internally cringes as he remembers everything that he’s said.
Squinting at his readings, Cas relents. “Your resting heart rate is… unusually high for these conditions.”
Dean’s grin widened. “Only an idiot would leave their real name in writing like that, you know that just as well as I.” He dropped his hand, and Castiel already found himself missing his touch. “This is my real name.”
The stranger wasn’t young, but he was young enough to be trouble. His vest hung open and his shirt sleeves were pushed up to his elbows, but his forearms were covered in a layer of dirt to protect him from the sun. Though his bandana was tied at the front, the top of his shirt was unbuttoned, airing out his chest. With one hand, he removed his hat and ran his fingers through his hair with the other.
Dean is fixated on the window, staring at the brilliant, robin’s egg blue of the oxygen-rich sky. Everything in his body feels compressed from the intense force of gravity, like he’s being pressed into his seat and dragged back to Earth, like his ribs are trying to squeeze the life out of him… but he’s breathless as it is.
Dean worries about Little Joe. He knows he shouldn’t, with all that the kid’s proved, but he can’t help it. What’s worse is that Sam says he doesn’t express it properly (Sam being the one to point out that he’s worried about the kid in the first place), having been told so after he once complained that the kid didn’t like him.
The railroad drew closer, and along with it came whispers and murmurs traded between more and more townsfolk.
When they’re left with a mound of overturned dirt in front of them, Rufus sticks a wooden cross bound in rope he carved just earlier into the soil, patting the ground around it to secure its place.
Dean smiles softly as the camera shakes, Benny’s laughter gradually ebbing away into a comfortable silence. He returns to petting Blondie, who is now sitting across his lap.
Though the hesitancy was masked by his usual confidence, the discrepancy in Dean’s voice was enough to catch Castiel’s attention. Even if slightly, his nails curled into the wood of the table.
Frowning, Cas’s brow furrows. “I never understood how ‘moments’ are captured: I always think photographs miss most of the scene.”
he barks out of reflex but stops when he sees the look that both his friend and brother are giving him out of the corner of his eye. “I don’t know,” he admits, refusing to look at either of them. “He saved me from the bone yard
But—shuddering in the other’s hold, letting a sense of tranquility wash over him through his euphoria—Dean finds that he can’t bring himself to care.
“I’m in the Vomit Comet today,” Dean says. As he grabs his bag and leaves the room, he can see Garth trailing behind from the corner of his eye. “Maybe after.”
The set was an old one, worn down and well loved from the years it sat upon Castiel’s bookshelf. Dean sat across from him on the other side of his desk.
The weekend is allotted for the astronauts’ relaxation and period to catch up on work. It is also the period in which shenanigans occur.
“Burning, on the inside,” he informs Dean. “It is still healing. Only some of us are still here: everyone else rode back to the ranch.”
Dropping his hand, Dean reaches around himself to place his hat back on his head, accepting Cas’s hand to help himself to his feet. Dean leans in to peck Cas’s lips in thanks, and then he’s staring out at the dawn once again, watching how the morning light paints the sky.
offered his hand, cleaning him up and offering his own hotel bed for the night. Cas is also the man who forgave Dean time and time again, forever adding onto the debt Dean owed him.
His gut instinct is absolutely right. Dean hates that it is, but he’s grateful that it has sharpened his senses at the very least.
Before Dean can come up with some snarky retort, Garth slaps his shoulder with a little too much force and bumbles off again.
Hey yall!! Yes, I've actually posted spn again (and I plan to continue too!!), and this time for the DCRB! I was paired with the wonderful vulfmert, who was an absolute pleasure to work with, and I really hope I've done her AU justice! She brought a lot of these ideas to the table and I got to weave them together comprehensively, and I'm actually extremely lucky to have been chosen for her piece, as I've been wanting to do a space AU for a while now (and I hope I did enough research, even if some things just miiiiight be a little stretch lol). It's been a while since I've written a story like this—being plot-light—but it was very fun to work with.
, he’s been avoiding Cas. Sighing, he pinches the bridge of his nose. He really shouldn’t be fighting—hell, he should be
Cas to do exactly that. But he hasn’t. It’s like the fact that Dean isn’t good for him finally got hammered into his head, like he finally understood just
Reaching out with a pout on his face, Dean made grabbing-like motions with his hands, beckoning Castiel closer.
Castiel stared up at him in awe, watching the careful attention painted across Dean’s face as he lined them up, pressing Castiel inside of himself. The initial sensation had Castiel throwing his head back with a bitten lip and a stifled gasp, Dean’s hand pressed into his abdomen to keep him in his place.
There was movement in his peripheral vision, and Castiel froze where he was, finger holding the page in his bible open.
Honestly speaking, the entire thing is frustrating. Dean wants to shake Cas for being stubborn… hell, he wants to tear his hair out at how he
When he stepped back inside, the door slammed shut behind him, but Castiel never stopped moving. He pushed forward, tossing his overcoat onto his chair and setting his hat on his desk as he made his way toward the water basin. His sleeves were barely rolled up when he cupped his hands and splashed water over his face, dragging his fingers back through his hair; even at room temperature, the water was refreshing to his overheated skin.
Dean stares at Benny for a while, lulled back into the easy silence as the steady heartbeat of his cardiograph fills the room.
Castiel stood up; the sound of the chair scraping against the wooden floorboards was almost enough to break their moment.
Dean pauses, finally noticing the burn marks etched onto Cas’s back: though they’re not as inflamed as they had been, covered in ash as he lay freshly burned-out, there’s a blackened imprint of wings that remains on his shoulder blades. He’s too dehydrated to really cry, but something breaks inside of him, knowing that this is a part of Cas that is gone forever.
Dean takes a second too long to process the information before Charlie pushes off and propels herself away at a quicker velocity, leaving Dean behind as her implications sink in.
Dean stares openly at the two in front of the fire, how even from this distance, he can see how Charlie nuzzles into Jo’s neck and how the other girl laughs and leans back into her embrace. They’re so content in each other’s company, and while Dean feels happy for them, terrible for not catching on sooner… his heart is tinged with jealousy, gazing at what he wants most at that moment but cannot have.
He’s drenched in sweat, but he doesn’t feel like he’s trying to sleep in an oven anymore. Instead, it feels like he’s… under pressure, like there’s a blanket on top of him, but cooling in nature. When he rouses himself enough to roll himself over, to see what is causing the phenomenon, Dean finds nothing there.
It was only when their gazes met that Castiel realized he’d been staring; perhaps it was the alcohol pumping its way through his veins, the heat that prickled at the tips of his nerves, but he didn’t feel the need to look away. Their attention was locked, and Cas tilted his head curiously, watching how the stranger worried his bottom lip between his teeth.
Though the summer was finally waning and the nights—ever so slightly—grew longer, Castiel always found himself in his office far earlier than anyone should.
“I’d say you’re welcome to sit your pretty ass down here and wait until my client leaves his room, but…”
“I actually used my words for once, so you should at least make an attempt, too,” Dean murmurs as Cas continues to attack him, peppering the corner of his lips and his jaw and his chin with little kisses, twisting Dean’s face this way and that between his hands.
we have? Between us?” His voice is smaller than it has been, and it’s the only thing that really keeps Dean from simply booking it out of there.
Dean misses Castiel’s flight into Houston over the weekend: he had stopped by the office to double check some engineering solutions for the ISS’s CO2 ventilation system.
Slowly—with trepidation, testing out the waters—Castiel tilted his head, leaning in so that they were forehead-to-forehead, though, lips barely parted, had yet to seal the deal.
This door doesn’t creak as loudly, so he can slip inside with much more ease, leaning against the doorframe for support. While there’s an open window, letting in the night, there’s also a forgotten kerosene lamp in the corner, casting flickering shadows against the walls. Gabriel is asleep in a chair on one side of the room, also seeming to have been unsuccessful in his duty (though, in reality, he’s probably not used to being human — the thought weighs heavily in Dean’s heart).
“I’m returning the favor,” Castiel said, looking at Dean from the corner of his eye. He watched as Dean’s lips curled upward in triumph.
With a touch of overdramatics, Dean groans, stretching out across the bed and over Benny’s good leg. “Garth said I should take him out for a drink,” he mumbles despairingly. Benny laughs hard enough to jolt his bad leg and wince sharply from the pain.
design that is being tested with the flight, but that doesn’t impede him from glancing to the side at every opportunity, finding excuses to merely gaze upon the grace that is the pilot beside him. It’s also a rare occasion that Dean doesn’t hum as he works, as if any noise he makes will pop the breathtaking moment like a bubble.
Not seeming too disheartened by Castiel’s move, Dean shrugged. “I knowingly tainted the good sheriff of Heaven.” The knight clicked against the wooden board as Dean claimed Castiel’s bishop, which had evidently fallen perfectly into a trap.
(but, uh... proceed with caution lol, as the only take I have atm is the one I did in the middle of the night while kinda wine drunk...).
The kid, to be fair, also looks weary about their predicament, staring down at the short straw in his hand with thinly veiled dismay.
Because the space station is in orbit around the Earth, the most Dean has to do in terms of “flying” the station is to adjust their trajectory based on the station’s total mass. He also is the one to maneuver the robotic arms around the outside of the station, but that’s only in the case they have to move external cargo or troubleshoot any issues from the exterior.
Gently—ever so gently—Dean leans forward, pausing and hovering above before he squeezes his eyes shut (willing himself to swallow that damn emotion) and presses his lips to Cas’s forehead, lingering there as he melts into the touch.
Dean doesn’t process that time is passing. He barely notices when Sam and Garth leave, when Pay-ati and Rufus roll into their own hen skins before promptly passing out. He sits there, watching the fire as his mind feels hollow and empty. The fire burns low, and he keeps the flame steady, tossing in another log that Little Joe had rustled up earlier in the day when the warmth threatens to disappear. He watches as the new logs catch alight, sap crackling and popping as wood curls in on itself before it crumbles into ash. If Dean ever thinks about it too hard, he takes another drink, pushing down the wobbly emotions that threaten to burst and wallowing in the depression that envelops his head.
Glancing back to his brother, Dean can see that Sam’s reached a similar sort of conclusion. Neither feel the need to verbalize it.
While not overbearing, Padre Abascal’s hand comes to rest on Dean’s shoulder, as if to transfer encouragement through his very touch. “It is easier to give advice than it is to receive it. Let yourself be frustrated, but do not panic.”
It has been a while since he’s fucked a girl: sure, he had intentions, but they never seemed to work out. It’s been a while since he’s held breasts in his hands, feeling the soft squish under his fingers, overwhelmed with the breathy moans in his ear as he fucks up into her, dragging her hips down onto his cock. The thought makes him thrust up unhurriedly into his own fist, his hips pushing forward off the tree he is otherwise pressed against.
Reaching for his camera, Dean hooks it up to his laptop to download the few images he’s already captured throughout the day. The uploading bar crawls across the screen and he
Dean moved a rook, just short of being able to snag a pawn from Castiel. Unsure of what Dean was thinking, Castiel peered cautiously at the board.
In his panic, Dean tosses his phone onto his passenger seat and leaves it there, cursing out Houston traffic as he navigates his way to where his brother is abandoned. When he gets there, Sam—lingering by that damn Prius of his at the side of the road in a full suit and everything—gets into the Impala with a sheepish and kinda dopey smile on his face.
Dean spares a glance towards him. He can see his brother with fair clarity, which causes him to look up at the night sky. The moon is visible once again, though shaded with some smaller clouds; it still has not risen above their heads.
is up with himself, but when it’s his turn, and he enters the lab only to see the top few buttons of Cas’s shirt undone and his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, Dean feels his cheeks traitorously begin to heat.
When he trails off, Missouri waits a moment for him to continue before speaking up herself. “We’ve talked about this before,” she reminds him gently. “This is another memory with a negative, emotional connotation: every time you’re reminded of it, you see it from an emotional perspective rather than an objective one.”
Dean’s brain asks him, to which he simply beats the question into the corner and out of sight with a mental broom).
“Yeah, yeah. But… thanks. When I get back, I’ll grill up some burgers and open up that bourbon you like.”
And then, in that gravelly voice Dean has been seeking out all week, only somewhat distorted by the cell service, comes:
“It’s not good for you to be staying in one spot like this,” Sam softens, though he still doesn’t step aside. “Just take one hour for yourself, that’s all we’re asking. How long have you been here? A few weeks? And not once have you left this hallway.”
The scars Dean had mended time and time again, in his own bed and around a campfire, are gone now, as if their presence had only been dreamt. Dean wants to prefer it like this, prefer every trace of Alastair’s abuse disappeared from Cas’s skin, but at the same time, it erases all the careful work Dean had put into cleaning and stitching them up. He traces his fingers over his forehead and over his cheek—delicately, as if any more force would break Cas—in the phantom memory of each gash.
“That’s a call,” he adds, leaning back again. His rival nods, expression unreadable underneath the neat bristles on his face. When he sets his cards down on the table, Dean can’t help but hold his breath.
Cas watches them go, and Dean has to remind himself to exhale by the time they reach the nextdoor laboratory.
introduction he could’ve possibly hoped for,” Benny wheezes, and Dean drops his hands to shoot him a death glare.
When Cas has finally left Unity and Dean turns back to his and Charlie’s game, Charlie is staring at him with a knowing grin.
He was drunk then, and Dean always wants to blame it on having been out in the sun, but now, with the memory vivid behind his eyelids, he can almost see the flush cock in front of his face again, plump and pink in the firelight, begging to be sucked. Dean has an overwhelming need to taste it again, to feel its weight sitting on his tongue and to stare up at the euphoria of its recipient as he swallows it as deep as he can.
“I think,” he starts, mulling over what he’s going to say, “you need to stop putting words into his mouth: let him speak for himself. By inferring and believing it to be the honest truth, you’re just going to hurt everyone. Stop running away just because you don’t understand the entire picture.”
Rolling his eyes, Benny laughs softly in disbelief. “Is this me being the mamma bird, kickin’ you outta the nest? We already went on the first mission together, but the other four will still be up there. You’ll still have to deal with Charlie, Ash, and those other two with Roscosmos. This
The rag is warm again at a worrying speed, but Dean simply refreshes it, rinsing and repeating. His actions gradually become lazier, and he has no awareness of how much time passes, but he has no intention of leaving Castiel’s side.
“I need you to understand that I love you not only for all that you have done for me, but for all that you have been and all that you ever will be.”
Dean pauses, truly scouring his memory in case there’s something he missed. Even so, his disappointment involving Benny’s injury has taken up most of his mental energy alongside his work, so getting to know his new roommate for the subsequent five months hasn’t really been on the top of his priority list.
, something inside of him screams. “But… all that I’ve done, the person that I am… I care about him too much to burden him with someone like me.”
“And your fish?” Dean asks at some point. The entire conversation is passing by in a blur, and now there’s a glass of whiskey in his hand and Blondie curled in his lap. He swirls the amber liquid around, but his gaze remains on Benny, whose eyes are starting to droop.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean can see that Cas is looking at him. “... I was the replacement for your friend.”
he mutters as the camera turns on, the lens slowly pushing itself out. Cas looks like he’s never seen a camera in his life.
As Dean updates her on every Goldy’s process, Charlie measures his blood pressure and heart rate once, twice, and then a third time, snapping a photo on her tablet as proof that her collected data are definitely Dean Winchester’s results.
There’s something quite different there, something independent that makes Dean wonder why he was ever distant with Cas in the first place.
“I’m not hungry right now,” Cas replies coolly without looking up from his novel. The page he flips is deafening in the silence between them.
“You thought it would give you an easy escape as a hero,” Padre corrects him gently. “Sacrificing yourself for the good of others does not make you a bad person, Dean, and it is not a sin to ask for help. Your greatest burden is the guilt you carry on your shoulders.”
“I wonder who wrote this,” Sam murmurs, “because there is some truth to the legend, but it makes me wonder how they lived to tell the tale.”
Staring back at the stranger only inches away from him, Castiel realized with a pang that the look on Dean’s features was akin to that of hunger.
Dean, who has reign over the intercom (much to Cas’s evident chagrin), floats between their seats and the screens displaying the flight path and stats of their ship, pausing for a moment before pressing to speak.
“C’mon, Space Cadet,” Charlie says, bringing Dean back by nudging him into the handle he’s gripping. “That movie isn’t gonna be watched if these veggies haven’t been put away.”
Again, Dean is startled, and finds the priest staring at the chapel once again. Nevertheless, he’s grateful for the distraction.
Dean nodded, drumming his fingers against the table. “Once you know what to look for, it gets pretty easy.”
Though, he’s almost relieved when he happens to wake up before everyone else, still finding that cooling pressure blanketed over him that only lulls him in his rest.
Dean laughs. “For this,” he waves his hand around idly, between them. “For letting me come along for work. For letting me have that conversation.”
It was Dean who pushed himself back and away from their accidental embrace, dropping down heavily onto the bench there against the wall. Castiel blinked when he realized Dean wasn’t looking at him anymore, instead rummaging around for a half-empty bottle underneath the lower cot.
Dean hummed and nodded wisely, eyes fluttering closed, and then all at once—after presumably processing Castiel’s words—he let out a large guffaw. Castiel watched with mild concern how the other swung in his place with the force of his laughter, cut off with a surprised yelp as he slipped even closer to the ground. Then, he tried swinging forward, gaining momentum to curl up and pull himself upright.
“Hm? No, I’m not busy.” Dean straightens and pushes himself away from the aquarium and toward Charlie. “Whaddya need?”
Dean plasters on a smile, masking the hollow feeling in his chest. “Yeah, yeah.” He shifts in his spot, waking Blondie from his nap to peer accusingly at Dean. “You should probably get some rest. I’ll be over soon to annoy the shit outta you, and you won’t even be able to run away.”
” Padre Abascal waves his hand as he searches for the translation, “a bit out of place, at the moment.”
“Oh, no, then you’re thinking about it all wrong.” He lets the lens collapse and then turns around the screen to show Cas his capture. “Sometimes, photos are like memory devices, proof that something actually happened. Those bring moments back, and we can recall everything else that happened around that photo.” Dean taps on the screen where the image is displayed. “And then there’s the ones that have… a message. Some sort of meaning behind them.”
His tongue was dry and rough against the roof of his mouth, so he gulped down the lump in his throat.
“I know the song exists,” Dean says, returning to an earlier topic, “but do you think our story will ever be written down? Like all those books Dad has in his library, or those tomes in Sammy’s room.”
Azazel’s eyes were derisive and his mouth curled up into a leer. He had a smoking brain tablet between two fingers and a paper in the other hand, leaning back in his chair with his feet kicked up.
The town was quiet for midday: it was a Sunday—the Lord’s day—so they had all gathered in the chapel for morning mass and dispersed back into the cool shade of their homes, eager to take their day of rest away from the unforgiving heat. Castiel almost preferred the silence, but this was something foreboding. He quickened his pace down the boardwalk.
Not wasting a moment longer, Dean pushes Impala as hard as he can to the lead of the herd. He can feel her undercurrent of trepidation, how she resists slightly under her reins, how she tenses, but Dean’s got her well trained and could lead her through the gates of hell if he so pleased.
did you have in mind?” Dean has been blessed with two hands, which he uses to attack both of his company.
No Star Wars, no Star Trek, no Interstellar… and those are the space ones! I’ve had to introduce him to my music, too, because all he listens to is Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff and all those other names I can’t pronounce.”
The regret only slams into him when he’s already halfway down the hallway, plaguing him all the way to the laboratory and only dissipating once he’s got his task and is undergoing his underwater “space” walk.
Dean was about to protest, about to chide Castiel on holding up his end of the bargain, but Castiel was already moving, slipping the leather strap that carried his canteen over his shoulder. Quick to untwist the cap, he held the water in an unspoken offering. As Dean reached for the canteen, the tips of their fingers brushed only for a moment, and Castiel had to stifle a sharp inhale to avoid flinching.
At first, it was sweet, a caress of the lips like Dean was taking him by the hand and leading the way. Dean smelled like the earth and Castiel pushed deeper, never getting enough, wondering if the taste of whiskey on their tongues was from his mouth or Dean’s. He felt Dean smile against the kiss, so he loosened his grip, letting his hands slide down to rest on Dean’s waist and pull him closer yet. At some point, Dean’s hand weaved its way up into Castiel’s hair, knocking off his hat and tangling itself in his hair.
. Dean shrugs. “I just… I always thought I’d return back to the ranch, return to my boring ol’ cowpokin’ life… but
There was nothing that seemed out of the ordinary: Castiel went through the motions of preparing for the day without the need for thought, eased with the repetitive movement of papers between his hands. The obnoxious snoring from the holding cell meant that the town drunk had been detained again at some point during the night, which only blended into the usual ambience of the morning.
Cas’s hand squeezes Dean’s shoulder, and with the hand that isn’t holding his canteen, Dean reaches up and covers the fingers there with his own.
Dean’s words ignited something within Castiel, sparking to life as he furiously tried to discern the battle raging in his head. There had been occasions he’d heard whispers of relations between men — voices full of scorn, expressions unsuited to the truly faithful. For as much love that was donned within the chapel walls, there was a lot of something more like hatred within Heaven.
“’Fraid not,” Henrikson finally replies, backed up by nods from the others. Dean’s throat feels like it’s closing up.
Offering his most charming grin, he takes the man’s hand, shaking it firmly. “The pleasure was all mine.” He winks before patting the pocket where his gamble win is stowed away. The man shakes his head disbelievingly, already walking away with a hand up in a half-hearted wave.
As he arches into the feeling, leaning in and letting his lips be caught by Cas’s, Dean feels fingers trace up his arm, barely dusting over the raised mark of a handprint branded onto his shoulder. Knowing it’s Cas, knowing Cas is all that surrounds him, Dean’s sensitivity is only heightened. The hand slots itself over the mark like a puzzle piece sliding into its place, and Dean
The thing is, he’s also aware that he should speak with Cas, maybe try and find the right words to hash out some sort of agreement, but every time he tries to approach the man, Cas simply turns away, reciprocating the attitude Dean has been displaying; he certainly deserves it, but the action also makes it infinitely harder to mend anything between them.
By the time Castiel is well enough to get out of bed and take short visits outside for some fresh air, all the shoot packs up the chuckwagon and sets out on the Santa Fe trail for the journey home. They thank Padre Abascal and the school profusely, bid their farewells to Missouri, and head off.
All throughout the meeting, Dean pouts, keeping his arms crossed over his chest as he slouches in his chair. Technically, he’s listening—he’s responded with affirmatives and negatives about all the little details regarding Benny—but some stubborn part of his brain refuses to take in anything about his new companion… which he has, by the way. Despite such short notice. Someone who’s been up a few times and only needs the month to get back in shape.
The moonlight is enough to guide him, and his eyes become adjusted to the more shaded areas the brush hides. There’s a trickle of water somewhere, a small stream that stretches across the stripe, providing the greenery with its sustenance.
He knew the name scrawled in the hotel check-in book was false — most of them were. Nonetheless, though there was no way for him to know its sound, a name sat upon his parched tongue, hovering like a droplet of water from an empty canteen.
At long last, the cattle have tired themselves out, and the remaining thunder is nothing but a rumble in the distance. Dean is too buzzed to sing or even whistle, but his shoulders sag the instant he hears the melancholy notes from Rufus’s old harmonica.
Taking a deep breath, Dean rubs at his eyes tiredly (and if he’s doing it in a casual way to hide the evidence of the emotion that’s leaked through, then no one needs to know). “I’m not worth it, you don’t know what I’m
, Meg’s expression at whatever is going on on Crowley’s “pizza” that is floating toward her face, Cas’s intense concentration to ensure the even placement of every veggie, and the final products themselves.
Though the docking mechanism is entirely automatic, both Dean and Cas keep a close eye on its progress, ensuring that everything continues to run smoothly. They’re back in their suits—a necessary precaution in case of the slim chance that something goes wrong—and waiting for Dr. Meg Masters, who is already aboard the station, to pressurize the vestibule between their spacecraft and the station itself. Once it’s confirmed that she’s started the process, Dean and Cas change back into their more comfortable outfits once again.
“Fine, fine,” she relents. Though she doesn’t put any actual effort into singing, her voice cadences with the words, as if pulling the lyrics from their melody still leaves threads of musicality behind:
“Old Blue is in a washout to the south of the herd,” he starts ordering, because that’s what he can do best right now. “I need at least two of you to collect the kid’s things and bury the poor animal. Cattle casualties are only at a dozen… I need someone to find one of the casualties and do your best butcher so we can use it for the remaining meals. At least three on herd duty, the beeves are wakin’.”
Once nothing else can be destroyed, Dean crouches down to pick up the remains, shielded from the glass shards by his riding gloves. Though he managed to keep the clock hands in his palm, tiny gears and springs lie forgotten behind, soon to be lost in the wind and buried in the earth.
With the paper torn and balled up in the palm of his hand, Castiel felt every eye on the street burning his shoulders into his spine.
“Alright, pony up,” Dean says, and is honestly surprised at how easily the other digs into his coat pocket for a wad of cash.
Tilting his head, Cas studies Dean like there’s something about him that he can’t quite understand. His hair is slightly askew, half-pressed down from his helmet (which they’ve also removed along with their entire spacesuits, now that they are out of Earth’s atmosphere) and half sticking up from the lack of gravity; his lips are slightly parted, as if holding an unspoken question, and Dean only then realizes that he’s been staring.
In all honesty, Dean’s words confused Castiel: he couldn’t quite grasp their meaning, and every time he felt he was getting closer, he’d be distracted by the way Dean stared at him, and his train of thought would taper off and fall off track. By now, the sun had probably dipped below the horizon, plunging the desert into cool night, and yet Castiel still burned.
“Aight, so…” Dean starts off, sauntering into the ring of conversation, “Sunny and the old geezer are out with the herd now… we missin’ anyone?” While everyone glances around the circle, Dean does a mental headcount:
And he’s surrounded by the evidence: the absence of Little Joe, the way everyone acts like Mary’s a stranger despite having known her for most of their lives (and it scares Dean, just how unfamiliar she seems at times), all the people he’s hurt because Dean was selfish enough to get them involved in his own business… and Cas. God,
Extracting his handkerchief, he wiped it across his forehead, but all the action did was allow the condensation to collect in the hair by his ear and run down his jaw.
“The last two verses,” Dean continues, biting his lip as he tries to recall the lyrics. “I don’t think I ever understood what they were supposed to mean.”
The stranger had reemerged, pausing momentarily to murmur soft words to his horse. His bandana had been removed from around his neck, having been tied over his sleeve and around his bicep. From this angle, the curve of his ass was clear where his pants hugged his figure, the bow of his legs like he was born to ride a horse.
Dean turns back to the workers, rubbing his fingers against his thumb to concentrate on something other than the feeling bubbling up in his chest. He’s right: Dean needs to have more faith in the White Bandit, Angel of the Desert. Plus, Dean did everything he could: he had healed Castiel as thoroughly as he could before they both became consumed with Eusolis.
Dean shrugs, pretending like it’s no big deal. “Hey, listen: I get it. Stolen food sucks. I grew up with a younger brother that got his height from somewhere.” The tiny smile that he gets out of Cas makes Dean swell with pride, like he’s
Every day is so tiring, so grueling to power through, that Dean hardly gets the opportunity to think about anything else, occupied entirely by work or by getting to his hen skins before he falls asleep elsewhere. There are a few evening meals that—once he gets used to the workload—Dean is content playing cards with the others, but there have also been times where he sits by himself, staring blankly into the fire as he shovels food into his mouth. At one point, he remembers the pocket watch stowed away in his duster and pulls it out, thumbing at the grooves and thinking with a sinking feeling that Sam and Charlie have most certainly returned to… whatever is left of the ranch, by this point. Luckily, Dean is thrown from dwelling on the guilt for too long when Cas approaches, and he stuffs the watch back into his pocket with haste as he greets the other with an easy smile.
“I’ll… see you on Monday, Cas,” he says — hushed, as if careful not to fracture the moment. “I think we’ve got some maintenance training together.”
There comes a point where his family is genuinely concerned at how Dean never really strays from Cas’s side, tensing at any groan or hitch in breath, and easing once it’s proven to be nothing more than restless slumber. He can
With Garth probably losing it back down on Earth, Dean lets the intercom go, distracted as Cas floats back to his side with a book.
“Something like that,” Dean replies weakly, clearing his throat when he processes how his own voice came out. “L-Look… can we call a raincheck on this? A-A- We meet another day,” he hurries to clarify himself, not willing to put Cas under any more distress. “It’ll be my treat, we can go wherever you like, how about it?”
—and we don’t want to see you suffering because you can’t do something as simple as talk to each other.” He pouts for a moment. “You
Just as he had feared, Dean becomes trapped, staring back into a face that is just as beautiful as the world spread out beneath them. They orbit around each other like a binary star system, and even though he’s drawn in, Cas remains just out of reach.
Usually, it’s Garth’s voice on the other side, far too chipper for eight in the morning. Sometimes, it’s their mission’s organizer Henrikson, and once his recovery is progressing smoothly, Benny joins in to catch up on what’s happening on the station (from a professional standpoint, of course… most of the time). The guilt continues to eat away at Dean during those calls, but he tells himself to put it aside when he’s the only one who seems to be upset by the predicament; even when he calls Benny in his free time, Benny seems more than happy to update Dean on everything going on back down on Earth, as well as how Blondie will most definitely try to move out with him once Dean returns.
Though it’s only a small sound, Dean startles, snapping the watch shut and stuffing it back into his pocket. He peers at Cas, wondering if it’s just another restless dream, but Cas’s face is morphing in discomfort, and he’s shaking his head from side to side as he begins to thrash. Dean’s up on his feet in a second, frozen for a moment as his mind buffers.
Cas, who has anchored himself to a grip bar at the junction between Tranquility and Leonardo, blinks at Dean. “Running in the morning has many health benefits.”
When that happened, Dean doesn’t know what possessed him (most likely exhaustion), but he impulsively reached out to ruffle Cas’s hair, assuring him
“I never did say thank you, did I?” he mentions once he’s finished the sea chanty Benny had taught him. Cas blinks in surprise, turning his head to face him.
Charlie tries to distract him with idle chatter, not expecting him to say anything in return. He offers her one weak smile, but he knows it doesn’t reach his eyes. When she tries to coerce him into having breakfast, he pushes it away, finally accepting only a few sips of water before she gives up.
The stranger’s hat had been removed, leaving his short brown hair tousled with the constant combing of his fingers. A light blush of pink was brushed over his cheeks, the alcohol in his glass adding to the overall glow of the room. His voice was intoxicating, even if the unfiltered words spilling from his lips were almost enough to make Castiel roll his eyes.
is, but…” Dean exhales slowly, centering himself, “I care about you, more than you could ever imagine. I…” he laughs when he realizes how stupid he’s been, “I’ve been avoiding you because I thought you’d do better without me, and even though it hurt so bad, I kept tellin’ myself it was for your own good.”
Dean doesn’t respond, letting the words sink in. Padre Abascal is right, of course, but it’s not something he can accept so easily. He lets the hand by his face fall, arm hanging over the fence with the other so he can play with his hands.
“I… don’t know,” he admits, and then clarifies: “well, I don’t know how to do anything different. Like you said.” He gulps. “Automatic.”
Throwing his phone down onto the hospital bed, he stretches and avoids Benny’s curious gaze and eyebrow lift.
Cas plasters a smile on his face, waving him off. “It was many years ago, Dean.” He sighs. “I guess you’re allowed to know.”
“Hah.” He takes a sip of his drink. “You remind me a lot of how I used to be.” Dean doesn’t know how to respond to that, so he lets himself listen to the melody that drifts from the piano.
And it’s not just their time together that Dean finds himself slacking in his restraint: when he takes a breather during the day, leaning against the water barrel with a half-filled canteen in his grasp, his gaze wanders to watch Cas work, mindlessly repeating the same motions they have been for the past few weeks. He’s not entirely sure what makes him so curious about the ease in which Cas pushes himself through the job, but here he is, entranced by every flex of Cas’s forearm as he heaves the slat from the ground, visible only because his sleeves are pushed up to his elbows. When the wooden slat is placed onto the ground, Cas straightens, searching for the driest section of his shirt to lift up and wipe his forehead, flashing the skin of his abdomen in the process to which Dean is unfortunately drawn. He manages to catch sight of a fading scar on his side before Cas is staring back, tilting his head in his bird-like manner, wordlessly asking how long Dean is going to take a break.
A lot has changed over the past few years. While John still works on rifle manufacturing and Mary and Bobby still do some work with the horses and the cattle, both Charlie and Jo have taken over a good portion of the ranch with plenty of help from Benny, who has also become an official member of the family. Gabriel and Sam, however, moved to the city not long after, when Sam finally expressed an interest in getting some schooling; Sammy is well on his way to studying law now, and while the ranch isn’t quite the same with them gone, they visit at every opportunity, and Dean and Cas will often stop by the university if passing through town.
Sam is propped up against a large boulder, using the firelight to read the textbook in his hands; his meal is by his side, half-forgotten. Dean sits on his other side, digging into his own meal.
Cas’s face crumples, and Dean wants to soothe him, wants to undo whatever damage he’s done, but he doesn’t know
you didn’t…” He trails off when he realizes Cas must’ve known this fact, and perhaps that’s why he didn’t get anything to eat.
Nonetheless, Cas is a silent guy—which Dean can respect—and doesn’t do much to encourage conversation, so instead of talking air, Dean resorts to his habitual whistling and singing, running through each tune if only to keep the words fresh in his memory. Every so often, when he glances to the side, he’ll catch Cas’s eyes darting away from him, and the mere implication makes Dean grin. Though, with the number of times he ends up checking to see if he’s being watched (it almost becomes somewhat of a little game between them, if unconscious), he’d be a hypocrite to deny really taking the time to drink in the image of his companion: how the brim of his hat case drapes shade over his face, how his tan duster flutters around his thighs with the momentum of the ride, how he treats his borrowed horse with gentle guidance.
Nevertheless, Dean still follows the directions that his brother gives him, and if he nudges the Impala
The rhythmic beeping of Benny’s heart monitor fills the room. Outside, the constant bustle of nurses and patients up and down the hallway fades in and out of a drone. Dean watches the monitor beside the IV count Benny’s heartbeats, the little green numbers flickering between sixty and sixty-two.
Cas hums, but doesn’t say anything else. For a second, Dean mentally reaches for something else to say, but then he pauses, wondering if Cas is actually comfortable with silences like these. The thought eases some remaining tension from his shoulders, and many of the interactions he’s had with the man over the past week suddenly start to make more sense.
While Azazel’s rooms were certainly overpriced for what guests received, it was the standard fee he charged every normal passing stranger, which meant there were no bribes involved. (Most of the time, if there
John had also made an effort to reconcile and change his ways; he’s not perfect, but the fact that he’s trying is enough for Dean. He and Mary have grown closer again, and while she’ll be wary about how John is with the boys, they come to understand each other once again. Even with Sam and Dean, John does his best to attend to them, whether it’s helping Sam pack and move to the city and buy new books, or whether it’s patiently spending time with Dean to show him new hunting techniques over a bottle of beer. Mary also makes a huge effort to connect with Sam, encouraging him to tell her about what he’s learning and remembering to make his favorite foods and pastries every time he drops by.
He looks so incredibly domestic in comparison to the window behind him, letting in light despite being so completely empty.
Dean first notices it in a meeting with the flight team: Castiel stood up to introduce himself and his role in the project before sitting back down to let Henrikson commence with the agenda. While he was speaking, Dean barely processed what the man was saying, too distracted by the sound of his voice. Since that point, Dean thinks it throws a spanner into the works, as he gains a mild curiosity at merely being able to hear Castiel speak again.
At some point, when Dean is rummaging around his belongings, he finds the golden pocket watch wrapped in leather. The find makes him pause: he had heard that his mother had found him and Cas first… did she find the watch, too? Wrap it and stow it away safely? Dean can’t even imagine the distress she would have experienced, finding both Dean and Cas passed out on the top of that mountain with the pocket watch, used and tossed to the side.
“Dean, can you go and bring this over to Cas?” she asks after they’ve had a taste of the product, handing him a plate with a steaming slice on it. “I’ll save you a piece for when you get back,” she winks.
Despite his subconsciousness’s premeditated adrenaline rush, Dean remains weary from the flight, and his movements are sluggish even with his wide-awake clarity. As he’s brushing his teeth, he spots Cas propelling himself across Tranquility.
“You don’t even know who’s following me.” Cas looks like he wants to argue for a second, but then he turns back to his food, chewing slowly.
By that logic, Dean will probably need to take a few bites before he passes out again, but he honestly doesn’t feel like eating much at all. Nevertheless, he’s immensely grateful, and digs through his memory to gesture his appreciation (Pay-ati is valued in their little cowboy family for many things, one of which is his fluency in Plains Sign Language — on occasion, Dean has asked to be taught, but he hadn’t kept up with the language nearly as much as he wanted to).
Refusing to respond, Castiel settled with glaring at the bar dog. At least he remembered one of the reasons as to why he never frequented the saloon in the first place.
Dean grins to himself, counting the cash before winking at the old coot. “Nothin’ but out and out talent, ‘m afraid.”
They continue talking about movies as they load the food cargo into the kitchen. Once Indiana Jones is brought up, they mutually decide that
What exactly did Castiel think the stranger was going to do? Why did he think they were any different from any other stranger that passed through town?
Dean barks out a laugh before he can control himself, and his opponent raises an eyebrow at him. Nodding in acknowledgement, Dean reveals his own hand.
Azazel shrugged, vaguely gesturing to the check-in book near Castiel with his cigarette. “Bill Eastwood, room five. Said he was passin’ through.”
“It… won’t help,” he decided. His jaw clenched once the words spilled from his mouth, and Dean’s eyes flickered with amusement.
“Oh, okay. Yeah, sure.” If she’s not imagining it, Charlie swears that Dean’s shoulders fall a little in disappointment.
“So you help the weak and the needy?” he jokes instead, pressing down the bubbling emotion that began to froth in his chest as soon as his train of thought went a bit too serious.
“Does that dusty dictionary of yours have a definition for the word ‘commando’ in there? Because that's how I'll be tonight.”
He has rainbow glitter on both cheekbones and in his hair, which will probably be found all over their apartment in the months to come, and the words ‘Love Is Love’ that he’s so painstakingly painted onto his left pec have smudged a little, sweat lines trickling through both the Ls. His shorts are a little too short and tight for Sam’s taste but hey, he isn’t the one wearing them. Dean has his shirt tucked into the back of his shorts, tugging them down a little so a stripe of CK-branded boxer-briefs is just visible. Sam is pretty certain that if his brother did decide to go up to the cop and say hi or flirt a little that he would be far from ignored.
I have a couple of conflicting sources that say Molly Brown wasn't given the nickname Molly until later in life, but for the purposes of this fic, I'm calling her Molly. It suits her better than Margaret :)
“No, please do!” In a flurry of movement and sound, Sam’s boyfriend of two months sits down at the booth amid a pile of shopping bags and brushes his hair out of his face. His cheeks are pink with the cold and his glasses steamed up, yet there’s a glimmer of glee in his eyes as he sizes Dean up. “Does he have a cock that-”
He isn’t exactly a gentleman, he knows this. He’s never pretended to be one. But even so, he’s attracted the attention of a few society ladies and, worse, their mothers who swoon over him and coo at what a wonderful husband he would make for their daughters and what a ‘wonderful match’ it would be if they joined their families. His new money doesn’t seem to be too much of a deterrent; on the contrary, their eyes light up when he tells them vaguely of how he came about his current wealth. The girls simper and the mothers put their hands on his arm and say things like ‘gracious, what an exciting story’ or ‘oh, the grandchildren would love to hear all about this’. It sickens him, really. He’s never considered settling down with anyone, but if he does he likes to think it would be someone like Joanna, the girl back home whom he’s always treated as a sister. She’s strong, brash, brave, and distinctly unladylike and doesn’t care for society’s bells and whistles. Her mother, Ellen, is much of the same and it’s clear to see where Joanna gets her spunky personality from.
“Lighten up a little, Sammy!” His brother had slurred, throwing an arm around his neck and tugging him in close for a one-armed hug. Sam’s nose had wrinkled; Dean smelled of hours-old sweat, sticky-sweet candy and cheap cologne. “The cleanup crew will get it all. That carbon footprint of yours is as perfect as it’s always been.”
It’s a long while before either of them can catch their breath enough to speak, and even then it seems like the wrong thing to do. The silence that has settled upon them is thick, loaded, and could go in any direction, intimacy or anger or more pain, and Dean is worried that Castiel will spiral off to the deep end again, and he won’t know what to do. But soon enough, Cas is singing against his skin and pressing close, all warm embraces and gentle lips.
?” Stress and anger are robbing him of the speech he'd practiced over and over while he'd been waiting for her. How can she stand there and act like he's the one in the wrong? “My goddamn name is on this!” He sweeps up one of the statements and shakes it so hard it tears. “How did you even open this account without me knowing?”
Secretly, he doesn't really want to do that. What he wants to do is lie here on the couch with his son and fall asleep together. Would that be so bad? He lies back, pulling Lexie on top of him and dragging the blanket up to cover them both. Against his chest, the boy shakes his head adamantly.
“Don't you dare touch me, Dean,” Amara says icily but advances a step towards him as she speaks, her eyes flashing like fire.
After dinner, as Dean rose with the other guests to retire to the smoking room, Sam had materialised at his side and tapped him on the shoulder.
He watches as Jarvis putters about in their yard, sniffing for the bone he must have buried somewhere. It's going to be another glorious day, clear blue skies stretching on for miles, and Sam’s glad he hasn't put on a tie. The office air con is good, but the journey to work on the streetcar will be hellish in this weather. He's already dreading being pressed up against other commuters and thinks for the hundredth time that they need to buy a second car. His office is near Crown Center, an hour away, and he considers taking a change of shirt just in case he's too hot and sticky by the time he gets there.
He should go back to bed. Try to sleep it all off. But the likelihood of him falling asleep tonight at all is next to nothing, and there’s a damn good reason for it. If he does sleep, he knows what he’ll succumb to. Dreams of broken glass and crumpled metal. The smell of gasoline, the feel of blood slicking his skin. The car crash. The car crash he barely remembers but his brain has managed to piece together over the years. He’d come away with no lasting injuries beyond a nasty scar along his forearm and another bisecting his thigh, but his uncle hadn’t been so lucky. Bobby had taken the worst of it, the car hitting the tree on the driver’s side, and he’s never walked since. Today is the anniversary of the crash. It had happened when Bobby was driving Dean home, back from his cub scout meeting, and the road had been slick with a sudden rainfall and slippery after too hot a day. They had taken a corner a little too fast, the car hydroplaning, and after that Dean has a long blank space until he woke up in hospital hours later. He remembers it now in fragments that only show themselves in his nightmares, fading to shadow and smoke when he wakes. The scar on his arm doesn’t hurt any more, and he thumbs over it absently. He thinks of Bobby. Of his parents. Of everything he’s lost in his life and everything he’s been left with, of how precious and delicate human life is and how he could have lost his in a moment had the car crash happened any differently.
He’s waiting on Castiel’s front step now, waiting for him to answer the door, and it feels like he’s been waiting an age.
“I am staying, baby. Of course I'm staying. I'll never go anywhere, Cas. You and me, it's forever. I'm staying…”
“Have you spoken to him since?” Sam demanded, heat rising in his cheeks in both indignation and stress, and Gabriel’s cool hand on his forearm warned him to try and back off. Castiel was the one to help Dean, not hurt him.
“We can replace it. Hey,” Dean forces Cas to look at him and slings an arm around his shoulders. “It was an accident, nobody got hurt. He didn't mean it, he knows how much you love that camera. I'll get it fixed for you or I'll get you another one. C’mere.”
Gabriel winks lewdly while Cas blushes scarlet and Dean glares half-heartedly. Gabriel is a consummate flirt, and it doesn't seem to matter one jot that he's straight as an arrow: he loves to hit on both Dean and Cas on the regular. But Dean isn't one to say no to an early finish, so he high-tails it to the break room to unwind his apron from his waist and grab a change of clothing. He can hear Gabriel and Cas making small talk and strains his ears to listen. Castiel isn't the biggest fan of the candy-loving baker. He's never said as much, but Dean has caught him shooting jealous glances whenever Gabriel gets too flirty, and his tone is always stiff and formal whenever they hang out. Like it is right now.
It's late when Dean and Amara finally stumble through their front door, both at different levels of inebriation. The night was a roaring success and Dean couldn't contain the swell of pride he felt as he watched Amara up on stage, thanking the fire service for their years of hard work and presenting them with a cheque that made their mouths drop open. He'd been on his feet applauding as soon as her speech had finished and she'd blown him a kiss from the stage, looking a million bucks. They'd slow-danced together, later on, he'd drunk tequila shots with Gabriel and had shared an illicit cigar with Sam outside - a decision he knows his brother will baulk at come morning. Sam will probably wash his mouth out with soapy water and need a lie down to cope with the trauma. He sniggers at the idea, almost overbalances and only just manages to catch himself on the closet door as the room sways around him. Maybe that last beer wasn't such a good idea.
Castiel wakes long into the night, drenched in sweat with a numb left arm and a dull ache between his temples. He blinks up into the darkness, disoriented for a moment until he realises that he isn’t in his own bedroom and the warm body curled up at his side is Meg. He manages to shift them both until he can pull away and sit up, running a hand through his damp hair and leaning over to push the window open. Meg always keeps the heat on too high, and even though the sheets have been kicked to the bottom of the bed and they’re both lying entirely nude, Castiel is far too hot. It makes him feel slightly sick and his throat feels clogged, sticky. His tongue is stuck to the roof of his mouth from dehydration.
that, dammit. He turns on his side, eyeballing the door to make sure the ringing hasn't woken Castiel. No light glimmers from the crack beneath it, so that's a positive sign. He hasn't got a clue what time it is, but it's either really late or really early. It's still dark out, and he can't hear any telltale tweet of birds welcoming the dawn. Castiel. Fuck.
“Which charity, ma’am?” he enquires as she wraps up some brownies for the twins and a slice of carrot cake for Cas.
Okay, Dean might be a little drunk. But it’s true, the cop is extremely attractive and has thighs to die for but he, Sam and Jo are walking entirely in the wrong direction. And by wrong direction, he means straight towards the guy who he’s sure caught him gazing, starry-eyed at him earlier. Damn shades, hiding his eyes far too well. They should be going in the other direction, far, far away so he can’t make a damn fool out of himself in front of everyone by getting shot down at Pride. Nobody gets shot down at Pride, not in his experience. He would be the first. He’s about to turn and just waltz off on his own, find his own little party to go to, and catch up with Sam later, when the decision is abruptly taken from him. The cop is gesturing at them to move towards the sidewalk and, for some unknown reason, Sam decides that Dean needs a little help interpreting that message. Before Dean can react or pull away, Sam is grabbing his arm and shoving him directly towards the cop and suddenly he’s right there, right in front of him, and Dean’s mouth has run utterly dry.
like everyone, that he's infuriatingly particular about whom he spends his time with. But it would be a poor attempt at deflection, one that his younger brother would see straight through.
"Fine, but when you do tell them, i will be there with you." I say and she smiles and nods her head. "I have to go, but i will be back tomorrow okay?" She nods her head and i plant one last kiss on her lips before walking out of the clearing. I hum to myself as i walk, thinking about my future but stop suddenly when i hear a voice echo in my head.
"O-oh, oh god Dean!" I shout as he starts hitting that sweet spot inside of me, pressing and rubbing it over and over again. "M-more, keep going. F-faster!" However he doesn't comply with my request and suddenly pulls out of me altogether, making me feel empty inside.
“Well?” I ask him. “Sam has a point, when were you planning on telling up about our mother being an angel?”
“HOLD ON A SARDING MINUTE!” Dean shouts loudly and we both turn to look at him casually as if he didn’t just find out that the love of his life was actually an angel.
Before i hit the ground my wings come sprouting out of my back and i swoop up just in time, giggling loudly as i do so before landing gracefully on the ground. Dada said that King Castiel was the only angel with black wings, but he didn't say anything about demons. My own wings were as black as night but i never got them out in front of my family or any other demons, i didn't want them to think i was weird. I had never seen another demon fly before so i didn't want to be the only one, i didn't want to be different. I wanted to be me, but i wanted to be accepted into my community. Dada didn't even know about my wings and i planned on keeping it that way for now. For some reason, within me i knew that i couldn't show him them. I just couldn't. I stroked my soft feathers, patting them down so they looked good before retracting them back into my back, shuddering slightly at the uncomfortable feeling.
“I’m going to take a wild guess and say that Gabriel probably taught it to her in the few weeks that he spent with her.” Cas laughed and I rolled my eyes while muttering; ‘damn angels’. Finally we get to around the middle of the forest, in a clearance that looked a good size for a house. Then me and Castiel got to work while Valentina stood and watch us. I covered us in an invisible shield so any angels flying overhead or any demons walking around this part wouldn’t be able to see us while Castiel used an immense part of his power to smooth the ground out and literally make a house appear from the roots of the trees, the leaves, the grass and some rock and stone which he would be able to find in different parts of the forest.
His thoughts were cut off by a laugh from the business table but this wasn’t just any laugh. Castiel’s whole body went suddenly rigid and he slowly started turning his head to look towards the table of suited up business men. He didn’t notice the first three his eyes laid eyes on, they all looked like regular humans but the forth… he would recognise the forth one anyway. For the first time in over 10,000 years, Castiel laid his eyes on the freckled face of Dean Winchester.
"Yes. Yes of course i will!" She cries and flings her arms around my neck. We stay like this for a minute or two before i pull away and she looks at me seriously.
Every once in a while you got a rogue demon that gets too big for their boots and starts to kill people but they are most always caught by the angels and put to sleep, either that or booted off earth all together.
"I don't want a new one; I never want an angel again." I say honestly and she laughs slightly and nods.
“Let’s go. Away from here Cas, away from this whole split kingdom bullshit. Gabriel can run the angel kingdom brilliantly and Sam can run the demon one. Me, you and Valentina can just run away and get a house in the forest or something. I know this may sound corny and crazy but can we at least try. I’ve spent every day for the past 5 years thinking about how things would be so much easier if we were together and didn’t have separate kingdoms to run. I know you are probably going to say no but you can’t help me for trying. I love Valentina like she was my own child and I love you more than my heart can bare. I have never stopped loving you Castiel and nor will I ever.” We both slip into silence as he just stared at me with his mouth parted open slightly and his eyes wide at my small outburst of emotion. I sigh and turn away from him towards the large window and look out at the view that looks so fantastically beautiful showing a big wide word out there and I can’t help but let my heart reach out towards it. “I understand if you say no Castiel, because me out of all people understand that you have a kingdom to rule here but don’t you just sometimes get sick and tired of the same shit on a different day? Don’t you get sick of the ‘majesties’ and the royal courts and people looking for your advice. We are only one person and people expect us to be all knowing.”
“God damn it.” I curse and grit my teeth, looking around at the empty wasteland. There wasn’t a single soul in sight but I knew this child had to have some food at some rate. I knew what needed to be done and that was take the child back up to the castle to have it fed. Maybe the mother would come back for it tomorrow.
“Cas?” Gabriel asks, coming into my study where I now slept. I looked up at him sadly and drank down some whiskey to make me forget my sorrows. “Are you okay?”
"Yes, but i don't have a family whereas you do. You're family need you Val, and you need them too for now."
“I’m in love with you. It took me this long to realise it and when I finally did I knew that I couldn’t give up on you just yet.”
“So, what have you been doing with yourself while I have been away?” I ask curiously and she scoffs.
“I think it’s time for bed.” I say and they both mumble out a reply as I laugh at them and stand up, making Castiel’s head droop and him complain and I rip my fingers away from his. “C’mon, bed.” Valentina put her arms up to be carried to bed and I roll my eyes before picking her up and carrying her into the large tent, putting her close to where me and Castiel would be sleeping. Castiel follows close behind us, telling me he had put out the fire and we both lay down, resting our heads on the pillow. Castiel turns and drapes a hand over my stomach and rests his head on my shoulder while I bury my face in his hair. Oh how I’ve missed this.
They lie quietly for so long that Dean feels sure Amara has fallen asleep. Her breathing is soft and even and he lets his eyes fall closed, mind caught between racing thoughts and zoned-out floating. Then Amara turns over, runs her fingers down his arm, and he can feel her smile at him in the dark.
But it did. It happened. And it will go down in Dean’s memory as just another bad night he had with Amara. The ‘for worse’ that married couples must refer to in their vows. No relationship is perfect, he tells himself. Everyone has dark patches, everyone fights. Everyone feels this way sometimes. Used.
And on top of it all, Castiel’s words are swimming in his mind, pushing themselves in where they're not wanted. The expression on his face and the careless way he spoke of Dean’s drinking and his relationship and his life, it had almost been too much. And now, it haunts him. He wants so badly to go back in time and set Castiel straight, tell him that things are fine with Amara and he's just a social drinker and that Castiel is barking up the wrong tee. That his life is just fine and Castiel has no business commenting on it at all.
wasn’t obvious?” In spite of his - admittedly weak - protests, Dean can feel his cheeks flaming. “I don’t care that you still see Mick.”
But having Lexie home is also terrifying in its own way. Just the four of them now, back home, a half hour from anywhere. A coast road that becomes dangerous in a rainstorm. No doctor on hand in case anything happened. Nobody checking his breathing or his temperature. He and Cas being fully responsible for both the boys again, and while Cas seems to have fallen back into their routine with relative ease - only the odd shaky moment or teary few minutes while he looks at his kids and thinks of what he might have lost - Dean feels like he’s treading water. The nightmares are vivid, always the same, always of Lexie dying in that hospital bed and it being his fault. Sometimes it’s that Lexie has drowned, been dragged from the ocean exactly as he had been so many months ago. Sometimes it’s that he just stops breathing. Or that he bleeds out, rivers of blood running from his eyes, nose, mouth and ears. Those nightmares are the worst, and Dean last night had to shake Lexie awake in a fit of panic just to check the little boy was alright. Lexie had blinked up at him, reached for him, nuzzled into his chest and sighed in contentment, and Dean had stayed with him for the rest of the night.
Men, women and children are flocking down the streets towards the dock, laughing and chattering and pointing in the early morning sun. There’s a chill in the air, especially this close to the sea, and Sam tugs his coat a little tighter around himself to ward it off. They’re running a little later than Sam would have liked, but still in good time for the noon departure. He wants at least an hour to settle into his cabin before they venture out onto the deck to wave as the ship sets sail on her maiden voyage. He’s arranged for Jessica to have a cabin directly opposite from his, so he can be on hand immediately if she needs anything at all. She should already be on board, having set off with her mother and aunt early this morning and aiming to be one of the first to board the ship. Her mother, a formidable woman with curly blonde hair and a barking voice, would no doubt have been first in line if she’d got her way.
“Well, I do what I can.” She laughs lightly in an attempt at modest which fools nobody. “When you have so much, you should really give something back, don’t you think?”
if he’d only had a Q. And a Z, T, L and U. He still ain't convinced Sam hasn't made the word up but he can't be bothered to question it. He's hiding it better than Cas, but he's actually kinda nervous about this parents’ night. He's never been to one before and while Cas has bitched and moaned about standardised schooling not being an accurate measurement of a child’s abilities he knows they both want the children to be doing well.
He adds a half-spoon of sugar to his espresso and drinks half of it in one gulp, wincing as the liquid scalds the roof of his mouth. It’s early, a half hour after dawn, and Dean’s been up for ages already. He’d woken with a start from a nightmare, sitting up with his heart pounding and his hands fisted in the sheets, feeling nauseous and hot all over. He doesn’t remember the specifics, but it was a familiar nightmare. Pinned in a crashed, crumpled car with the smell of gasoline all around him. Fighting against the seatbelt crushing his chest, restricting his breathing and getting tighter by the second. Glass everywhere, tearing his hands and face to shreds. Screaming for help until his throat is bloody and raw, but nobody coming to his aid. Shadowy figures in his peripheral figure, familiar people, watching him suffer and cry but not stepping in to help him. It’s a nightmare he’s relived over and over throughout his life, one that gets progressively worse the older he gets, and it always causes him to wake up with a piercing cry of distress. Normally Amara will kick him in the shins or pinch him until he snaps out of it, but this morning he must not have been making enough noise to wake her. He’d disentangled himself from the bedsheets, leaving them damp with his own sweat and shut himself in the bathroom, breathing hard and leaning over the sink, locking eyes with his reflection until his heart rate calmed. He’d showered in cold water, dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt - a Calvin Klein one he didn’t remember buying but one Amara must have put in his drawer for him - and had gone for a run to clear his head.
He rolls over onto his side, placing the coffee on the nightstand, and pulls the blanket up to his neck to dissuade any further conversation or cuddling.
Perhaps that explains why Cas reacted so harshly when Billie broke his camera. He's still suffering a hangover from their fight and, truth be told, Dean is too. Something feels off between them, and he wants desperately to rectify it. He's hoping they can get parents’ night over and done with quickly, grab the kids and head home to send the evening together and brush away all the cobwebs.
Castiel has turned his back, but the guy’s curious question makes him glance over his shoulder, incredulous.
“She got pulled into a double shift, two nurses called in sick. On Pride.” He shakes his head wryly. “They’re probably working up to their hangovers right now.”
“You look so good, Dean. You’re wearing a tux?” He blinks owlishly, as though not quite sure what he’s seeing.
He says it quietly, suddenly shy, and Castiel’s blue eyes widen in disbelief for a moment before a slow, joy-filled smile spreads across his lips. Then he buries his head in Dean’s chest and
He turns onto his side and is asleep within minutes, Amara curled against his back. When he wakes the next morning, the aspirin have done their job and he's blissfully hangover-free.
He snorts a laugh at the note - how typical of Jack - then, fumbling with his bowtie, he exits the room and heads for the stairs, ignoring everyone he passes.
“I didn't have the chance to think about you then, Castiel. I was pretty busy being busy, if you catch my drift. But I'm all settled down with Sam now and my little black heart is melting. It would be nice to see you happy, too.”
He clasps his cell to his chest then, with some kind of gargantuan effort, hoists himself into a sitting position and casts about for clothing. He checks the time: a little after four. If he's quiet, he can leave without Castiel knowing. And he can call him later and thank him, tell him that he's okay.
There were now little chairs on the street outside with circular tables for customers to sit and drink their espressos at. They serve ice cream and gelato. They've launched, after Cas’ shy suggestion at dinner with Gabriel and his wife Kali one night, a gluten-free and dairy-free range of cookies and pastries. Dean had poked warily at them before trying one and still won't admit to Cas that they taste just as good as the sugar and cream laden delicacies he tends to go for. They'd taken advantage of the damage from the fire to extend the cafe and fit a new white marble countertop flanked by glass cabinets, and have lined the walls with shelves to display Gabriel’s handiwork. Dean himself is slowly learning to bake and enjoys it. His signature is chocolate and cinnamon croissants, and they always sell out every day.
“Yes. He’s on a bit of a health kick - want to lose those few extra pounds, you know?” Amara laughs lightly in a way that Sam suspects is meant to conspiratorial. “Of course, I think he’s fine just as he is but he’s really got it into his head that he wants to work out more. But as long as he feels good about himself, what does it matter?” Her smile is unflinching and Sam just about manages to crack a brittle one in response.
“I'm sorry, Cas,” she'd said, wiping her eyes with the back of her hand, eyeliner smudging a little as she does. “But I was just picturing you. In little shorts. Lifting weights. And… oh, that's it.”
They had planned to meet for lunch at one o’clock in the bakery downtown, owned by Castiel’s cousin. He steals a look at his watch and cringes at how long she must have been waiting.
“But you're not by yourself, baby.” Cas brushes dark curls off the boy’s forehead, confused. “Billie is right there.”
“Maybe a date with a cute guy?” Something loosens Dean’s tongue - probably that heavenly smile - and the words slip out without his consent. The cop freezes for a moment, but then his smile softens into something less blinding and something a lot more genuine.
“You alright, kiddo?” Dean kneels in front of him and Billie nods without looking up. “We won't be long. Be good for your uncle.”
The rest of the evening goes without a hitch, and later on Gabriel turns up the music and they play a lengthy game of Monopoly, Sam forcing them to continue way past the moment when even Gabriel groans and grumbles that he’s over it and wants to head inside to bed. Amara wins, and Gabriel kisses her hand in congratulations. The evening is a success.
He heads to the bar and orders a whisky which he downs there and then, turning away so that Sam doesn’t see him. He knows how his brother feels about him drinking at all. Sam is all but teetotal now, drinking only in company and even then hardly at all. He can’t blame him, not really, not after the way their father drank himself to death. But not everyone has the Sam Winchester degree in self-control. He rejoins the pair who are laughing together at something, and watches the party go on around them. Women dressed up beautifully, men in suits and shining shoes. Cigar smoke and Creed cologne. The stench of the elite. His hand shakes and he shoves it in his pocket, ruining the line of his suit, and wishes he’d brought another drink back from the bar.
Ah. Now things make a little more sense. Billie has been coming up with tall stories for a few weeks now, some of them funny and entertaining, and others not so much. And this sounds like one of the less amusing ones.
He gestures to the steward to lead the way, feeling Ruby’s fingers squeeze his forearm as she moves in close to his side.
“Oh, you won’t get hold of him.” She turns back into the house for a moment then reappears with a phone in her hand. It’s obviously Dean’s phone, although there’s a big crack down the screen that Sam doesn’t remember being there before. “He left his phone here. But I’ll let him know you dropped by.”
Cas sips his tea and rubs his temples, eyes closed. The pounding behind his eyes isn't ceasing one bit. He wonders if Jimmy has awoken suddenly too, sensing his distress, or if that's possibly a bit far-fetched.
There's something about the man that Castiel just can't put out of his mind. Something in his eyes when he spoke of Amara. A tension in his shoulders. The way his gaze flicked away from Castiel, the way his embarrassment was almost carved into his skin.
“That or you’re on the crappiest network known to man.” She shakes her head at his ancient handset, her blonde hair tumbling into her eyes and she pushes it back with a grin. “Where’s Eileen? I thought she was coming?”
A man with the shiniest shoes Sam has ever seen greets then both as they step from the motor car onto the busy, bustling Southampton street. They’re still some way from the docks themselves, but Sam had asked for them to get out early so he could take a walk in the fresh air and absorb the scenery and the people around them.
good at what he does. “You know what Dean’s like. Him and Amara, I don’t completely understand it either. But he loves her and we should probably respect that.”
“I love her, Sammy.” He claps Sam on the shoulder, smiling in spite of himself. It feels like his face might crack with the effort. “We all have flaws. She's fantastic, she really is. I'm a lucky guy.”
“You really are a nervous traveller, aren’t you?” Crowley is watching him again with that same strange expression on his face. “You’re like a twitchy squirrel - if you’ll pardon the comparison.”
chopping a tree down and displaying its corpse in your home is the exact opposite of a crime against nature, Dean,” Sam says mildly, spearing a lettuce leaf with his fork, much to Dean’s distaste. “Why are you so obsessed with this guy, anyway? Are you the creepy neighbour who spies on him from behind your curtains?”
He can’t sleep. He lies in bed staring at the ceiling, hearing the boys’ laughter in his memories, seeing Cas grinning at him, and remembering Dean’s excitement the day they got engaged. Remembering meeting Dean for the first time and disliking him with horror-filled dismay. Even back then it was obvious that the handsome stranger with the good looks of a Calvin Klein model and eyes as green as the forest which Billie had gotten lost inside of was going to come in and steal Castiel’s heart. He was never jealous, never. But he was sad that his place in his twin’s life seemed to be dwindling.
“You do you, Clarence.” Meg hops off the table and swipes her takeout chai from his desk as she heads for the door. “Fuck anyone who gives you any bullshit for your suit. I've got your back. But for the record, I prefer you in something without the elbow patches. Something less ‘geriatric professor’ vibe.”
“I violated your privacy, Cas.” Dean admits, reddening and feeling a tug in his chest which he immediately identifies as humiliation. “You should call the cops or something. I’m sorry. I’m so damn sorry. I just didn’t
, and damn he still can't get used to that - holds the door open for two little twin boys dressed in blue denim shorts and t-shirts with inspirational slogans on them, and smiles as they immediately run up to the counter to press their noses and palms against the glass. His gaze then travels to Dean and the look in his eyes warms immediately, then fades in confusion as he hears the background music playing.
He shakes his head at himself, wondering for the hundredth time how the hell he let himself get into that situation. He should have hung the phone up the second he realised it was Castiel on the phone. Then, running his mouth on the rooftop the way he did and giving Castiel the impression that things are wrong in his relationship... what was he thinking? He wasn’t, is the truth. He was shocked and in pain and, quite honestly, devastated that Amara had done what she did then just walked out and left him. He’d needed a friend in those moments, desperately, and somehow Castiel had presented himself as just that.
“And how long do you have left?” Her eyebrow is raised and her foot moves higher, past his knee. His jeans feel almost uncomfortably tight and he reaches down to adjust himself, pushing his chair away from the desk.
The room spins when he closes his eyes. He's pleasantly drunk, probably won't have a hangover tomorrow if he wakes up and drinks his body weight in water then swings by McDonald's on the way back from his morning jog. He won't tell Amara. She disapproves of his love for burgers, fries, and chocolate shakes. But what she doesn't know won't hurt her.
Jack looks uncomfortable at the suggestion and Dean shrugs. Jack will do what he feels is necessary, and will probably stay up just so that he can feel useful by helping Sam unfasten his cufflinks or something else equally ridiculous. He doesn’t say this, though. Jack is harmless, if a little irritating, and he wants so badly to do his job to the best of his abilities. Dean doesn’t want to hurt his feelings.
Dean typically spends Christmas Eve by himself, and he likes it that way. Sam goes out to The Roadhouse with Charlie and Jo, to do the annual quiz and drink eggnog until the early hours, but Dean prefers a quiet night in to prepare for the day ahead. This year is no different. He’s currently slumped happily on his couch, a glass of homemade mulled wine balanced on his stomach, watching
“What happened? Where are you?” He can hear a scuffling sound on the end of the phone. “Dean? Talk to me?”
It comes back to him in unpleasant Polaroid snapshots. The bank statement. The fight. Him storming off to get away from her and her following him. Things grow hazy then but he can put it together and it draws a low whine of distress from him. Things have gotten way out of hand and right now he can’t begin to sort through his emotions. Right now, he needs help.
When he wakes up, the bedroom is glowing gold with the early morning sunrise, he’s lying beneath a warm feather comforter in just his undershirt and underpants, and his shoes are nowhere to be seen. The window is open just a little, allowing a cool breeze into the room and cleansing it off the stench of stale alcohol from the night before. He can hear stewards moving around in the corridors outside, talking in low voices and no doubt sweeping and dusting and ensuring the corridor is spotless in preparation for the emergence of the guests in time for breakfast. A glass of water and a jug sits on the bedside table next to him, and the nightcap he had requested hours earlier is nowhere to be seen. He collapses back against the pillows, pulling the covers up as he settles down for another hour or two’s sleep, laughing to himself in spite of the headache that threatens at his temples.
Then, one idle Wednesday when neither of them were expecting anything out of the ordinary, a letter arrived.
Then, deciding abruptly, he stands up and lunges for the doors, making it through just as they close. It's only a three-minute wait on the opposite platform, then he's on a train heading back into the sticky heat of the city, heading in the direction of Dean’s house. His brother can ignore calls from him, can ignore text messages from him, but he sure as hell won't close the door in Sam’s face. Not if he doesn't want that ass-kicking, anyway.
shouldn't have to be the breadwinner in this family. What happens when we have kids? How do you plan on supporting us?” She's sneering now, her red lips twisting unpleasantly. “You need a
His computer pings and he opens an email. It's a reply to a post of his on a forum for gardening enthusiasts. Even though his little apartment doesn't have a garden it does have a narrow fire escape that leads to the roof, and Castiel has quite a collection of plants growing up there that he loves to tend. It's his solace, his second love after his shop. Maybe he can spend an hour up there tonight. His plants make for good company.
“Huh?” Dopily, Dean turns to see Charlie on her tiptoes, waving wildly at him and calling his name so loud it can be heard above everyone else’s conversations around them. In truth, he’d almost forgotten that they weren’t alone. “Oh. Shit, yeah. I should probably…” He jerks a thumb over his shoulder and the cop nods, still smiling at him in a way that makes Dean feel like he’s both floating and falling simultaneously.
This chapter is a little shorter than usual, but it's setting up for the next part of the story so - enjoy!
More peals of laughter had followed and Castiel had sat and scowled at her while she made no attempt to rein herself in. Now, she starts to snigger again as she tosses her empty Starbucks cup in the trash and Castiel throws his pencil in her general direction. Irritatingly, she catches it.
“Don’t. I’ll call you.” She yawns widely, turning over to lie on her stomach and Castiel appraises the long line of her spine and the curve of her waist, the soft lines of her buttocks and the shadow between her legs. His groin tightens and he forces himself to turn away. He has places to be this morning, he can’t just fall into bed.
Sam shoots back instantly, the three dots at the bottom of the screen blinking as he continues to type.
They've been open for two weeks following a sudden renovation and he isn't sure if this is some dippy marketing ploy of Gabriel’s to try and entice new customers in by acting totally fucking weird or what the hell’s going on. Either way, it seems to be working. The elderly ladies who normally swing by on Wednesday afternoons had cooed over the glittery cookies clustered in one of the glass cases by the window (“Well, it's such a waste to save it all just for one day, when you think about it!”) and the children who had walked by in a neat little line like ducklings had pressed their noses up against the window and oohed and aahed until their teacher had allowed them five minutes to look around while she surreptitiously bought a box stuffed full of sugar cookies and chocolate logs.
Dean becomes intimately familiar with Castiel’s kitchen that evening, as he’s bent over the countertop and eaten out with such enthusiasm that he winds up certain that he’s been having sex wrong all his life. Castiel’s tongue delves deep into him, his fingers massage his perineum and cup his balls, and he grips the table and closes his eyes against the onslaught of lust.
thinks we should go get burgers and shakes and head home, right?” An elbow digs sharply into his ribs. “
“That's…” Cas flounders for a second, his overwrought brain struggling to keep up. “Not very nice. Where did he come from?”
. He sways a little as he walks, puts it down to the snow beneath his feet, and gazes at the twinkling snowflakes as they gather on his clothing, blinks them out of his eyes as they land on his lashes. How can anyone not like Christmas? It’s beyond his comprehension. He checks out the house before pushing his way through the gate. Lights are on in the kitchen but nowhere else that he can see. Castiel’s car isn’t here - the garage doors are closed but Gabriel said Castiel
