John recognized that voice it was the voice of D.I Dimmock. Everyone shuffled out of the room, everyone except Sherlock who looked frightened like a small child who had lost their parents. John walked over to him. He gazed into sherlocks eyes as if looking for a hidden message.
"Well, if you must know,  his mind palace, is quite literally Inside of his mind, it's where he keeps all of his information and memories, it's how he can remember every detail"
John's unreadable expression softened into a warming stare. "I know, I just... It's okay. You had it worse anyways. I forgive you ignorant sod" with that the two men walked off in silence. Leaving the officers to wonder what John had meant by, "you had it worse anyways".
"Sentiment was what made me jump of that roof it's what made me have to live three years without you, you know what I say John. I'd be lost without my blogger."
4 years laters i update bc why the fuck not.  The writing in the first four chapters sucks and im sorry but hopefully 4 years has helped me write a bit better. idk. enjoy.
He was a git, but a lovable one. He was selfless, and beautiful, everyone one should know that. But instead they see a cruel man, a man with no emotions. A man who sees happiness and does his best to destroy it. A man who is ruthless, a roaring psychopath. The word that sherlock was joining them got around quicker than John anticipated, each and every soul wanted to know today's activity. John was just annoyed, they were acting like the press. Digging and digging deeper into sherlocks outer shell until he's left without one. All his secrets exposed for the world to read about. Of course he remembered when sherlock returned. The misery in his lovers eyes. His eyes were like cages, inside of them were emotions he had no way to express, it was clear he was and still Is afraid to let them out again. All John could think about is what would happen to sherlock if the truth about his 2 year disappearance got out. If emotion came spilling out, would he cry? Would he be depressed the days following? Or would he simply act as everything is okay, then when he is alone destroy himself little by little. They were all acting like raccoons, pestering in things they had no right to be pestering in. A voice broke him out of his thoughts.
Those six words are music to John's ears. They re-assure John, that he's still needed. Still loved. "But now you're here, with me. And it's all okay. We're okay. Your okay." John smiled, wrapped in his arms around the detective. Sherlock smiled now, At peace in his arms. They stayed there for a bit. Then their peace was interrupted by certain Sally Donovan and Greg Lestrade. Sally seemed uncomfortable near sherlock. It was probably because of last night. Maybe she didn't know what to think of sherlock anymore. Greg was acting normal, He knew Sherlock enough not to be curious or uncomfortable. Instead he asked, " so sherlock, will you join us today?"
Sherlock kept his promise that day, around noon, the detective ate an apple. John thought about telling him to eat more but he decided to just go along with what you get. The yarders rumors grew larger as the day continued. Some even said that sherlock didn't eat because he'd been overfed in Greece, where he got abducted. John learned that sherlock had brought his violin with him, he wasn't surprised, but Donovan gladly remarked about this saying
John shivers. “But what about the other two? Rowan, who fell from the upper level, and the car bomb? And surely she can’t be out to kill every single person who attended the wedding – that would make her an utter psychopath, and she didn’t seem like one, did she?”
Sherlock suddenly appears at the top of the stairs, frowning. “John? What are you doing down there?”
“Yes, by all means, be a little more specific,” Sherlock repeats hotly. “Because as I see it, I’ve done nothing but try to make you happy since I came back!”
“Okay,” Molly says for John’s benefit, and she follows Mary down the short corridor leading to the bedroom.
John doesn’t believe it for a second and stays right beside him, his presence alone a stabilising influence. “I’m taking him home now,” he tells the receptionist. “If you need me urgently, give me a call. Otherwise, I’m sure Doctor Ellis can handle it. She’s very good.”
He can hear the faint sneer beneath her specific choice of words and does his best not to think of last night, or this morning, but feels a touch of anger rise to his cheeks. “Watch it,” he tells her, a bit sharp. “It’s because he planned the colours when I married Mary. The bridesmaids wore lilac. Not that you would know.”
She does notice Sherlock’s ongoing absence, though, and silently despairs over it. Mary says it’s just a phase, that he’s probably taking a break from solving crimes or something, and Molly wants to believe it, so she hasn’t raised too many objections with Mary’s theory. She hasn’t seen him since the morning of the eighteenth of June. Mary said she saw him once, a week after that, but her tone was distant and she made it clear that whatever it was hadn’t been very important. She doesn’t talk about John much, but sometimes Molly can tell that she must be thinking about him, especially in relation to her pregnancy. She feels badly for Mary, abandoned by her husband only a month after their wedding, right after their honeymoon! She would slap John if she ever saw him, too.
Molly feels her brow furrow. “What do you know that I don’t?” she asks. “When has Sherlock ever taken a break from that?”
“As you should,” he says reassuringly. “I mean – if you liked it the other night and wanted it to happen again, why not?”
“Now I have a line or two for you to say,” Todd says. “I know: we’re men. Getting emotional and expressing it is not generally our forte. Some of us in particular, yes? Some of you, if not all of you, will feel a bit silly saying these two things, but it doesn’t matter. The point is to do your best to say these things with sincerity. No sarcasm or turning it into a joke, no matter how hokey you feel in saying it, got it? First line: ‘You are so important to me.’ Everyone say that to your partner, in turns.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer. His shirt is sliced open where the electrical cord hit, two long lines across his skin already oozing blood. He’s breathing hard, his eyes closed, back shuddering.
“The internet, of course,” Sherlock tells me airily. The oven timer goes off then and he nods at the stove. “You get that. I’ll get the child.”
“Thank you for today,” he says, his voice rather intense, arms still crossed. He waits for John to look at him, slightly startled as he is by Sherlock’s intensity. “I know it was – a lot.”
How is he even supposed to act now, he wonders, descending the stairs to the second storey. He stops in the kitchen doorway. Sherlock has put on a dressing gown, his old blue one with the bullet hole in the sleeve, and is cooking bacon, his long back framed beautifully in the silk folds of the garment. John’s throat grows tight. He was just caressing that very back last night. He opens his mouth, inhaling, searching for something to say, and Sherlock hears him and turns around.
John nods, his expression serious, his fingers still in Sherlock’s hair. “I was thinking the same thing,” he says softly. “I’m not scared anymore. You were right: we needed to do this. I just didn’t trust myself.”
John kisses back hard enough to taste himself in Sherlock’s mouth and pulls Sherlock’s clothed form up against his nudity, his hands hungry for him. “Go and shower,” he says again. “I need to touch you. So badly.”
John thinks of their case, and deliberately doesn’t mention it. The case can wait. This is too important, and it’s been waiting for far too long already. “That it is,” he says. He can feel that Sherlock’s already getting hard again, and the very knowledge of it is having the same effect on him, feeling Sherlock’s erection growing tangibly against his thigh. “About that stuff you brought along,” he says. He pauses, but he already decided this a long time ago, too – that where Sherlock is concerned, previous limitations, barriers, and other hesitations simply need not apply. And now, there is absolutely nothing that John would ever deny him. Never again. “We haven’t used it so far, but we could. We definitely could. I thought, though, that you might be a little sore from last night…”
John laughs and comes around the table to hug him. “You don’t remember that, either, do you,” he says, and it’s not a question. His voice is affectionate, though.
“What are you thinking about it?” Sherlock asks as they arrange themselves together, John lying in the crook of his arm. “Is it too soon to ask?”
Sherlock closes it behind him, wondering for the millionth time what on earth is going on. He should just ask, unleash an impatient question or two on John. He’s been very good about holding his tongue thus far, but anyone would be more than justified in demanding some answers about now. But the words still refuse to come, locked away somewhere deeply inaccessible at the moment.
It’s funny: Molly never imagined things would end up like this, or at least the way they are right now. She and Mary on one side, Sherlock and John on the other. Mary refuses to say why John left her the very day after they got back from the honeymoon and more or less pretends Molly hasn’t spoken whenever she’s tried to bring it up. She wants to be tactful, so she stopped trying to probe after the first few times. Mary seems strangely unbothered by it, by John’s absence. Molly rather assumes that Mary is just better at hiding it than she lets on, but it does strike her as a little odd, especially given that Mary is pregnant. She’s only just started showing a little, which Molly has read is normal at three months. It’s mid-July. John left on the twenty-fifth of June, according to Mary. She said it rather airily, refilling Molly’s wineglass with rosé and coming round to sit next to her on the sofa again.
Lestrade agrees. “That tread you sent matches the tyres on the cruisers they’re using up here. It’s very likely he was using that vehicle to collect these parachuters.”
Ella hears the deeper significance of this and imagines that John must, too. Good, Sherlock, she approves quietly. John needs the reassurance. Needs the chance to build trust again. It’s not easy when trust has been betrayed so often: by people, by consequences, by death itself.
Molly looks at the beige wallpaper and the window with the plain blinds and thinks that not even Sherlock could identify the location if pressed, and nods. “Okay,” she says. “Just tell me what you need and I’ll do it.”
It’s a crisp, cold morning. He hunts for the cashmere pullover his mother gave him for his last birthday, but can’t seem to find it. Never mind: he’ll just wear a jacket over his shirt, then. It’ll be a short enough walk to the station.
Sherlock nods thoughtfully. “Yes, that sounds good. Your sister loves cauliflower. What about something green to go with it? Asparagus, for your mother?”
‘Them’ appears to be the group currently eating their lunch and watching the exchange warily. Sherlock gives another non-smile. “Perfect,” he says. “We’ll start with them and work our way around the team as we go.”
“I know – me too,” Sherlock gets out. John goes on touching him, reaching down for his erection and urging it back into full hardness from its slight flagging over the bit of pain that came with John entering him. When he begins to move, it’s careful, experimental, everything well very controlled.
John puts the other half of the small cake back into the bakery box and stows it in the fridge. “We finished the wine,” he says, with a touch of regret. “Pity. We could have had the leftovers with lunch tomorrow.”
John leans his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Yes and no,” he says after a little. “I feel… relieved. And guilty. But generally, I do think it’s a good decision. For her and for us.”
Sherlock looks surprised, and it’s very much clear to John that the invitation is specifically for Sherlock only. A stab of something pierces him in the gut, but before he can react, Anna is there, clearing her throat subtly to get his attention. John looks at her, blinking and trying to make himself focus, and she gives him a small envelope.
John slips the phone back into Sherlock’s pocket, noticing the way Sherlock lumps their joint thoughts into one body. Then again, he also separated out his personal life from John’s, as though the two are entirely unrelated. “Right. Of course,” he says. He draws his Sig. “I hope he moves his arse sooner rather than later. My quads are killing me.”
I scoot even closer and tighten my fingers in his hand. I’ve privately always liked hand-holding. It strikes me as being both romantic and practical, but now all I’m aware of is my need to be touching him somehow. I love that he started it, too. Sherlock responds immediately, twining his fingers into mine and it’s ridiculous but my heart is pounding just from this. This is so fucking important, the most important thing that’s ever happened to me.
, his cock still leaking onto John’s skin. It’s only going to take seconds – John’s breath gets stuck in his throat and then his hips are lifting off the sheets to thrust into Sherlock’s hand, his moan choking off into a whimper in his throat as he comes uncontrollably, clutching at Sherlock’s arse cheek and shoulder, his left leg clamped around Sherlock’s right and spasming as his balls empty themselves all over them both.
He’s got his answer ready, thankfully. “John and I are entirely on the same page,” he tells her. “It would be ideal to have Rosie with us from time to time. She is John’s daughter, after all. He should be given as much or as little custody as he wants.”
“That’s where I sold it,” Sherlock admits. “I didn’t want you to see it in the bin or something. Though you were away on your honeymoon at the time.”
John’s hips are pressing lightly into Sherlock’s arse and it’s his turn to swallow at Sherlock’s implication. “Er, sorry,” he says, and it comes out a bit mangled. He shifts away a little. “Better?”
His fingers grip my arse and he arches up against me and exhales hard, then spasms against me, his cock shooting out hot bursts onto my chest, he comes so hard, and seeing him in the grips of the ecstasy of his orgasm is all I needed to push me over the edge. I feel myself lose control and give myself over to it, my entire body clenching and then seeming to rush out of my cock in wet heat. It goes on for several long, glorious moments, and then it’s over, the fire seeping out of my veins as I slump down onto Sherlock, our cocks twitching against each other’s between us. “Holy fuck,” I pant into his neck. “That was incredible!”
an admonishment. John ducks his chin. There’s a lot more she could say, he knows, but she’s always been kind enough not to. “Yeah,” he says. “I know. In that case… I guess I’ll go on up, just in case, and put this one to bed.”
Ella checks her schedule. “I have time at three,” she says firmly, though two o’clock is wide open. Best establish territory early on.
She screams throughout the bath and he hopes that the neighbours don’t think he’s killing her. She’s equally unenthusiastic about the installation of the nappy that follows. She generally has a bottle at night. It’s both past her bedtime though, and she didn’t have a nap, so Sherlock debates the bottle. Perhaps it would soothe her. Well: she doesn’t have to take it if she doesn’t want it, he reasons. He goes into the kitchen and sets her down on the floor but she starts shrieking again, so he sighs and picks her up, holding her on his hip as she wails into his ear, trying to prepare her bottle to the precise temperature with one hand only. Parenthood is exhausting, he thinks. No wonder John is so worn out with it. He finally gets the bottle organised and takes Rosie to the sofa to sit in the corner with her there. The blanket John slept under last night is still there, so he gets it around the child and settles her into the crook of his left arm. She accepts the bottle, somewhat to his surprise, and falls asleep while drinking it, her weight growing heavier as she shifts into sleep. Sherlock carefully extracts the bottle and gets it onto the end table behind him.
Sherlock lets go the instant the lift doors close behind them. “Come on,” he says briskly, as though everything is completely normal, and John has to shake his head. Of course it is: this is just their cover. Right.
“There’s coffee set up in the front lobby twenty-four seven,” a conference facilitator informs him as they pass the doors, startling John.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock reassures him. He looks up as John goes over to Rosie’s high chair and their eyes connect. “I assured Mrs Hudson that I’m more than capable of watching her on my own. As I have done on numerous previous occasions.”
and the line about being married to his work. And John, in turn, had backed away immediately, denying that he was asking Sherlock out, when – had he been, in the end? To this day he still doesn’t know. But that seemed to establish pretty clearly that Sherlock wasn’t interested, and John just… never tried again. By the time Sherlock jumped from the roof of St Bart’s, it almost could have come about. John had stopped even trying to date anyone else by then. There hadn’t seemed to be much point and it he’d become resigned to the fact that it seemed that his priorities simply put Sherlock ahead of anyone else, which made trying to sustain any other major relationship rather impossible. But then Sherlock had jumped, John’s life fell apart rather spectacularly, and that was that.
Sherlock spins around, straightening up with a false smile pasted into place. “Hello!” he says automatically. His interrupter is a young man, around twenty-nine or so, and strikingly attractive. He’s about the same height as Sherlock, with dark hair that falls across his forehead and into a pair of piercingly blue eyes. His face is thin and whimsical, a hint of mystery about his mouth. Sherlock recognises the face from the meet-and-greet but can’t put a name or position to it. He invents something rapidly. “I thought I left something in the dining room at breakfast but I didn’t want to interrupt the group in there. Is it accessible by this corridor?”
“Do you think that’s how they get the victims out?” John asks. “Both the ones they abduct, and the ones they kill, if they’re killing people? I mean, they own all that land, right? There could be a little road down there, near the lake, maybe.”
“We won’t,” Sherlock promises. “We’ll get an early start, though, get out of your hair before the next group arrives.”
John is sitting beside him, the warmth of him soaking into Sherlock’s arm. He hears Sherlock’s breath and turns toward him, raising his eyebrows. “What’s up?” he asks, his tone carefully light, but Sherlock can hear that there’s much more beneath the surface.
It will just have to wait a little longer. Between courses, John takes out his phone, hungry for any contact.
“Here we are,” Sherlock agrees. He turns his head a little and presses a kiss into John’s hair. “Would it be terribly inappropriate of me to suggest that you take me to bed and ravish me? It’s been hours since the last time. Though if you’re not in the mood, considering…”
“That, or we find some observant locals,” Sherlock says. “In fact, that could prove more useful. Find us a café or something, would you?”
Ella glances at John, who is breathing with difficulty, lips pursed, not looking at Sherlock. “So you went from there to the bedroom?” she asks. When Sherlock acknowledges this, she presses ahead. “What happened there? Did you get into bed? Did you touch each other? Undress? Go on kissing?”
“Yeah, well, you tried, didn’t you,” I say dryly, wrestling his arms behind his back and zip-tying his wrists without feeling an ounce of sympathy for him. “They say it’s the thought that counts. I guess you thought you were being clever, leaving that pathetic little trail of bread crumbs. I don’t know why you didn’t just shoot us when we got home.”
The rest of the day is quiet. Sometime during the afternoon, John asks over his laptop if Sherlock would like him to phone Lestrade and just let him know what’s what. Sherlock hesitates, then nods.
Sherlock smiles modestly, more to himself than to John. “We’ll see how it turns out,” he says philosophically. He bends to open the oven door. “This looks done.” He brings out a baking dish and sets it in the centre of the table where there’s already a folded tea towel waiting. “There’s a bottle of chianti beside the fridge, if you’d like to open it.”
Back at the cottage, they begin getting ready for bed. Sherlock picks up his pyjamas, about to go into the bathroom to change.
Sherlock waves this off. “Take your time.” John goes, and Sherlock looks at the child of the man he loves. “All right, Watson,” he says. “Bath time.”
Chris smiled at this and didn’t deny it, and they ate the rest of the chips together in a silence that suddenly felt almost too easy, too warm. But the contrast to the cold rain, to John’s absence, was palpable, and Sherlock felt himself relaxing into it, unable to prevent himself from taking this most basic of comforts and letting himself have it. When the chips were gone, Chris switched everything off again and nodded toward a door that led up to the flat above the shop. “This way,” he said, so Sherlock got up and followed him.
“So she couldn’t have had hyperkalemia,” Sherlock says, cottoning on at once, and once again John has to marvel at the depth of his medical knowledge. “Could there be any other reason for the calcium glutamate to have been in her blood?”
For now, I opened chests and peered inside them, brushing cobwebs to the side, sneezing and spluttering.  How could all of this accumulate in such a brief expanse of time?  I side-eyed Holmes, who was now dirtying his trouser knees in front of some large box of curling papers, scrolled and ribboned, neatly bundled, and I watched him as he flung them every which way, rolling underneath a bureau in the corner of the room.
A curiously intimate performance, and my fingers felt quite numb as I secured the pin upon my friend's cravat.  With his looking one way and I yet the other, I felt unaccountably shy.
“They might do very well for a while, but they would be certain to mess it all up,” I said, smiling, resigned.  “Eventually, they might begin to write implausible scripts and leave great, gaping plot holes.  And the characters – that is
And we were too aware, that moment, of the bustle and the voices all around us, and we both wanted a quiet place, to be alone, be intimate.
I did go back for seconds.  I coaxed my friend to take some toast, and he obliged me with reluctance.  Tiring of the chore of eating breakfast, he dragged me by the arm and out into the hall and to the study, where he shut the door and smiled at me.
“Be quiet,” I told him.  “I am going to have my breakfast now.”  For our landlady had just swept in with a broad, full tray of covered dishes.  The irresistible aroma of bacon, toast and scrambled eggs assailed my nostrils.  “You should as well, Holmes.  Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, you're very kind.”
Gregson made a foul pretence of a deep curtsey.  He was hurting, I could tell, which did distress me.  How could such a plain affair end up in such a complex mess?  “I'll leave the both of you alone,” said he.  His tone was flat and tired.  “It's too damn ludicrous for words.”  He slammed the door.
The ham and eggs and pickles were very welcome.  We enjoyed a second pot of coffee while we listened to the tidywork.  The floors were swept, the fires were lit, the kitchen tables were scrubbed down.  Little enough to do, indeed, for being here two days.
“What have you found?” I hissed, as we made our way back onto the street.  “I don't understand why you were interrogating Dawkins about the chain around his neck.”
We both were quiet for a moment.  All the strangeness of the day seemed to converge and pool around us, and I had so many thoughts inside my head I hardly knew where to begin with them.  Holmes's mentioning of Gregson made me cautious now, however, and so I kept my lips shut tight and did not venture any folly.
Holmes scribbled a short record in his notebook.  He stepped away and turned to us; our makeshift sentry by the door.
“Why, Mr. Holmes,” the fellow purred, by now recovered, “the feeling is mutual, I assure you.  How may I help?”
Nothing I cared to study now.  But here was what I sought: a later chapter in the book, one boldly titled in a curling font,
“Then I'm glad,” said my friend, and he rose from his chair.  “I must work on my Index.  Will you stay with me here?”
We watched him return inside and set up a seat at the front window of the sitting-room.  He waved a little shyly as we turned to make our way.  The lane was clear and tranquil; the only sound the ruffling leaves above our heads, the distant birdsong.  Holmes placed a casual hand upon my shoulder.
,” I said, but he had scattered for the stairs, was heading down them even as I spoke his name.  I followed, dazed, and caught him at our bedroom door.
He began to laugh then.  “Well, yes.  The one fixed point in a changing age.”  He tossed the cloth into the sink.  “I had better get dressed.  Shoo, John, shoo.  Let me by.”
“If you happen to go out into the street, you'll be mistaken for an Old English Sheepdog, and you'll be locked up as a stray in the Battersea pound.”
In the case: a small display of Mayan sacrificial daggers, fashioned from chert stone so according to the label.  One of these was missing; an empty space where it had lain.
What a ridiculous question to have to ask of anyone at ten o'clock in the morning.  Holmes appeared as surprised to hear it as I myself was to even utter it.
“What ho, Watson,” the enigma said, “I have a case, it seems, thank goodness.  I was going mad.  But all is saved.  An errant spouse!”
Adams beamed and clapped my shoulder.  “He's a delight, Watson, I tell you.  I've never met a man like him.  I can't quite put my finger on it.  He's everything a chap should be, you know?”
“Yes,” I said.  “Yes.  We talked of this moment – didn't we – from so very early on.  Now we are here, and we're together, so I am happy.”
“There now, I've saved you ringing on the bell,” said she.  “I'm feeling quite myself again today, I hardly think you need have visited.”
He held his hands up, palms towards me.  “I've no beef with that.  Not anymore.  You do your thing.  We two weren't so well matched, I've come to realise.”  He scratched his ear.  “At least, not outside of the bed.”  He grinned.
Holmes looked away, uncomfortable.  “Yes.”  He turned his head to me again.  “To make me aerodynamic,” he repeated, as if I were so incredibly dense.
For the former, I was not aware of it, but as for the latter – “I did enjoy it, very much,” and: “thank you, Holmes.”  For I had devoured a heaping plate of rich roast beef with all the trimmings, and for dessert a fulsome bowl of that which I was now mopping from my mouth.  I felt deliciously full and content.
Sherlock really didn't understand why he had to go. Obviously, he understood almost everything, but, the thought of going to a convention with Lestrade's division utterly confused him. Whenever Sherlock expressed his distress, John looked at him with soft eyes and explained to him the value of going.
Sherlock just stared at john in utter disbelief, "John, please, what part of sociopath don't you understand! Connect with them? There wasn't even a connection there before!"
"John.......there hurting me"sherlock murmured starting to wake up, now hugging john tightly. John hugging back silently, ignoring the crowd of people around the bed. Sherlock, who was now awake, began to sob uncontrollably. Not noticing the officers that stared at the scene with pity for him. It was Lestrade that intervened and told the officers to go to bed. None of the protested. Sally made her way to her bunk, surprised at what she had just witnessed, then she wondered if this was everyday to him. Haunted by things Moriarty had done to him. Haunted by memories that couldn't be deleted. For the first time in her life she felt pity for Sherlock Holmes. Once she thought that he was a psychopath, today she knew different, she now knew Sherlock Holmes was just a human. A genius haunted by his own mind. At her bunk she tried to sleep. Instead she sat and heard the cries of the detective as the grew quieter and quieter. Until silence fell upon the room. She closed her eyes as she Johns voices her eyes opened once more, she listened carefully
John didn't reply, but looked at him with fixed, hard eyes that still somehow were filled with love. Only a stare that John could make.  Sherlock instantly softened, and harshly took a piece of paper from the stack that was located in the middle of the circle.
It took another 30 minutes  for the common room to be filled with mingling souls. Each one buzzing about useless things that only made sense in their minds. Breakfast came and went. Sherlock drank his tea in the corner avoiding eye contact with everyone  in the room, truth is John had never seen sherlock like this, his eyes down as if ashamed, but that isn't sherlock it never has been,
"John, please you know that wasn't what I meant. Please forgive me. That wasn't a fair thing to say for either of us."
Sherlock's words slipped out of his mouth so simply that he didn't realize the damage that had been done until a deafening silence surrounded the room. All the officers, even Anderson, Donovan, and Lestrade, stood anxiously staring at John. All waiting for him to explode. The atmosphere was so thick that if you were to drop a pen, it would of sounded like boulder crashing down onto pavement. Finally, Sherlock's deep voice broke the unwanted tension.
All eyes pointed to Sherlock, who took it all in. So maybe yes, his "secret" really wasn't all that secret.
Today is the second of team building. John was sure Sherlock would say no, then insult it. Instead he was taken by surprise. " what would be the damage?" He heard sherlock say. Greg smiled. John looked up uneasily, his eyes meet with Sally Donovan's. Her eyes told him the answer. The damage would be great.
"Right, yes." Lestrade reached down into the hat and chose his next victim.  John knew who it was as soon as the words left Lestrade's mouth.
"Will everyone please go to the ballroom and have a seat in the chairs we have up for this activity?"
"I will not room with these little minded people john, the thought itself makes me want to jump off a roof"
"Sherlock ,after all that's happened in between and after the fall, it's crucial you connect with them again."
Sherlock opted to look over at John instead of Donovan's face. John patted Sherlock's back and cleared his throat.
"Fine. Just because you are making me." Sherlock said faintly before leaving the yard confused at what just happened.
"John eating slows me down, I don't want to. I've been more days without food." The division stood by witnessing the two men disagree, more and more they began to realize that Sherlock was more like a child. "John I am not eating, I don't want to,  you know its slows me down!"
John sighed, then looked at Sherlock and claimed they were going and that was final.He then walked out of the room and left Sherlock sulking in his chair.
"Together." Replied sherlock, who was now taking John's hand, John noticed how gingerly sherlock touched his hand. It was as if his hand was a piece of china.
"Yes, yes it's me. I don't like sharing, and I like to keep my emotions to myself, but given that I had to share with you all a piece of myself, why not share the only secret I will ever be proud of" The gazes of the officers suddenly made Sherlock feel imprisoned in the circle, he stood up. "Now if you excuse me I'll be in the kitchen, I don't think I can take one more secret. Everything that has been said has been said, I could deduce from miles away".
Donovan's secret took him a back though. Lestrade lifted the small paper out of the bag and read out loud, "I feel sorry for my involvement the night before the fall". It was deadly silent, and eye's shifted through out the circle. There were only two people it could be though, thought sherlock. Anderson or Donovan. Frankly it was rather simple to find out which of the two. Donovan was the one who had the idea that Sherlock was fake, she was the one who spread it.
When John Watson awoke he heard nothing, pure silence really.  He looked around the large room. All bunks were filled with people dreaming, all except one, the one underneath Him. Sherlocks bunk lacked the detective. John sighed, he should be the one to find sherlock. Not any of the officers, who now knew of the detectives nightmares. He knew sherlock wouldn't appreciate questions. It took John weeks before sherlock opened up to him alone. Without second thought he made his way through the jungle of bunks that crowded the room, each one with their own person, wrapped in their sub conscious. As he left the room he saw sherlock on the large couch wrapped in his robe, hugging his long legs, a frown on his face. He spoke,
John stared surprisingly at Donovan  "you mean none of you know about his mind palace? Not one of you, I know Greg does, but no one else?"
"Sherlock, come on, it doesn't have to be anything major"  John whispered so only Sherlock would hear.
Sally inhaled deeply, was he really that much of a freak? She shook the thought out of her mind as she arrived at the bed, which was too small for sherlock. His feet hung off the bed, all the blankets were on the floor leaving one screaming detective with a pillow. Covered in his own sweat. More sharp screams arose from his mouth. A small clump of officers had surrounded sherlocks bed. Most were astounded at the sight of the detective. Without warning, John Watson pushed past all the officers making his way to screaming man's bed.
"Good you took my advice and got a hobby! Now you don't have to spend your time frying human parts" an insult which sherlock scowled at then continued to play a cheerful tune with the violin. Today, being the first day of their "team up" camp, their actitivites began. Sherlock though ignored all attempts John or any officers made to get him to join in there excises, instead composed a tune with his violin. All and all the day was enjoyable and as normal as you could possibly get with sherlock. Then night time came around.
The rules of the game were rather simple. Write a secret onto a sheet of notebook paper, put the paper into a hat. One by one, they pull out one of the secrets, guess whose secret it is, then move on to the next. Rather tedious, Sherlock thought. He didn't want any of them to know his secrets, nothing entitled anyone but maybe john and Lestrade to that information. So, he flat out refused to play the game.
Hand in hand they walked in into the ballroom which John personally had never been in. The room was large as any ballroom would be expected to be. Paintings adorned the walls and a small chandelier hung down from the ceiling. It was a piquant  room, and the chairs in the middle looked out of place, leaving the thought of the room and chairs. He sat down next to sherlock, whose hand now clutched Johns. To everyone else in the room it seemed that sherlock believed that if he let go of his hand, John would disappear. John looked around the room, Donovan looked at her shoes, unable to comprehend the moment, or maybe she was just afraid. He couldn't tell. Across the room he heard D.I Dimmocks voice once again.
Upon arrival Sherlock had a tantrum, yes a tantrum. The kind you would see a child having if they never got a cookie. Apparently no one had bothered to tell him that the entire division would be sharing a room ( A room with bunk beds, how insipid!). A yelling Sherlock could be heard from across the grounds of the house which they would have to share.
That, was how Sherlock ended up sitting bitterly in that back of the bus which again, apparently was Important to have in a team trip. (They could've all gone in separate cars, he thought, a bitter taste in his mouth) It was obvious that John was enjoying this though, Sherlock could hear john laughs from the back of the bus.That wore him down a bit, knowing john was at least having some sort of a good time. He couldn't relate. It wasn't everyday he interacted with other human beings apart from john, but then again john was his only exception, he seemed to enjoy Sherlock's company. That to him was surprising in every way possible. Even if he didn't want to be here, he would be here for john. It would be a very long week.
The officer hesitates, clearly wanting to protest, but the words die on his lips on meeting Sherlock’s gaze. “Oh, hell,” he mumbles. “All right, then, one minute.” He reaches for a radio. “Smith, what’s your twenty?” He pauses, static sounding back over the radio. “Smith, come in, please. Do you read?” He frowns at Sherlock, shaking his head. “Could be a faulty radio,” he says. “We’ve got a lot of old equipment.”
“Bit verbose,” Sherlock mutters to him as they sit down, and John coughs to hide his snicker, simultaneously elbowing him.
They’ve just caught the accomplice and handed him over to Lestrade, who says something about how quick they were, and John says something a bit sarcastic to do with how Sherlock deduced the accomplice’s identity based on a watch strap and the angle of light coming in the bathroom window (which Sherlock still thinks was fairly impressive) and Lestrade rolls his eyes and says, “Well, there you have it,” and John throws back his head and laughs, then agrees heartily.
Sherlock nods. “I think so. Yes. He definitely seemed interested. Not – pushy or anything. Just interested.”
John looks around and sees Lestrade and Donovan jogging toward them from the other end of the alley where they probably left the cruiser. Lestrade frowns worriedly, nodding in Sherlock’s direction, but John shakes his head in warning. “Where’s Brooks?” he asks, meaning the accomplice.
John blinks. “I don’t know. I don’t know. But now – Sherlock – I just have to know. You can laugh if I’ve got it wrong – I don’t even care any more. Just tell me this: do you love me?”
John can hear the trace of guilt in Sherlock’s voice, but also recognises the olive branch and accepts it. “Yeah, sure. Okay.”
His mouth is red and looks thoroughly kissed, his hair a mess. “John – can we – take these off?” he asks, obviously meaning our underwear.
Sherlock looks at him and smiles, then takes a long drink of the cool, fizzing wine. “So we do,” he says, and hands the bottle back. “Let’s not waste any more time, then.”
“Sure. I’ll just – ” John nods at the bathroom and Sherlock acquiesces and goes back outside to wait.
John stops, albeit with difficulty. He agrees without argument, breathing hard as Sherlock scrambles onto his back, and smiles down at him. “Like this?” he confirms, though Sherlock is already pulling his legs up, holding himself open for John.
Sherlock understands instantly that this is right, that this is where John should re-establish himself. At least at first. He nods. “Yes. All right. Make yourself at home. If you want to unpack, take your time. Or use the shower…” He stops. John
We arranged ourselves just so, not quite entwined, but close enough.  My lips could graze his neck if they so chose.  I chose.  He inhaled.  “
“We should have moved in the summer,” Holmes said, gazing out at the view.  “Whatever were we thinking?”
I shook my head, not wishing to engage in pointless arguments.  “I thought you'd like to know of Mrs. Hudson,” I said tactfully.  “The lady is much better.  One more day in bed should do it.”
Cursing myself, I crawled into my dressing-gown and slippers, and descended in the dark.  Silently, I crept into the room, blinked past the shadows and retrieved what I was looking for.
I chuckled.  “As I said, we are very lucky.  Let us hope she is as good a cook as Mrs. Hudson swears she is.”
Holmes sighed and threw himself into his chair.  He steepled his long fingers, looking stern across the top of them.
“There you are at last,” said he.  “I thought you must have perished in the night, and I would find you sheathed in ice upon your bed.  The breakfast's hot; you'd better come and help yourself.”
“I did not say that,” my friend replied.  “I merely said that I would appreciate an intrigue.”  He tapped at his forehead.  “For this.”
I watched him as he sprang up off the bed, and grabbed his duffle bag.  He opened it, commencing then to empty it of content.  Shirts and stockings, odd detritus, ties and handkerchiefs, all tumbled to the coverlet.  He wrenched a dresser drawer, and thrust the whole lot in askew.  His shaving kit, he placed beside my own upon the wash stand, whereupon he turned and looked at me anew.
“My name is Sherlock Holmes,” said Sherlock Holmes.  His gaze now narrowed.  “Well, you had better follow me.”  He took off, long loping strides, to leave me scuttling behind and feeling most discombobulated.
“No, yes, no, no, and no,” replied poor Mrs. Hudson, sorely tried.  The door clicked smartly in her wake.  We were alone again together.  I half wished that we were not.
Holmes flung up his hands.  “Who the devil can say?  Perhaps all of London has found itself in the grip of a psychic revolution, and we ourselves are far behind the times.  Would it be a sound idea to begin to solve cases with the use of the tarot?  Ha!  It would save on boot leather at least.”
“Don't be ridiculous,” I said.  I watched him as he crossed over to see Dawkins once again and to strike up a conversation.  Sulking and off-kilter, I mooched along a dusty aisle.  This one was filled with Mayan treasures: beads and pots and ancient weaponry.  One case appeared much cleaner than the others.  I peered in with no great interest, but something called to my attention.  I looked around for Holmes who was approaching at that moment.
And now, with the question raised, my poor brother's memory was painful once again, as if the grief from his demise had never healed – at least, not fully.
On the table was a tray, laden with teapot, cups and saucers and an oval covered dish.  Pike made a grand gesture towards it.
I was now inside his room for the first time.  I looked around.  A dressing table, chairs, and wardrobe, lamps, and yet more bookshelves, crammed.  A large bed, neatly made, against one wall.  I looked at Holmes.
(And I confess, that by this point I had taken myself in firmer grasp and was drawing up and down, delighted beyond all measure at my friend's impromptu tease.)
“I cannot understand,” I said, “how being caught in an embrace inside a stairwell with a lady friend, could result in such embarrassment?”
I turned upon my heel, therefore, and retreated back upstairs to bed, to spend a sleepless hour with my book.
We found some oil, and I prepared him, and myself.  He eased himself into my lap; I lay against the feather bolster, gazed up into those grey eyes, which flashed and glittered in the light.  “You are
“I'm in a wet patch,” he said, grumbling (not several minutes later).  He wriggled closer, threw an arm across, and nuzzled up.  I kissed him, on his crown, and he purred out, much as a cat.  We held each other, tighter, 'til:
, John, please.  Stay here and smoke, or continue with one of those books we were reading just yesterday.”
And then, to wind them in around the jet-black wilds at front; to tease and tame, to run so lightly down the thick and docile shaft.
We kissed discreetly, left the train, and went our separate ways to reacquaint ourselves with our own lives again, so far away from Surrey, and so remote from how we wanted them to be.
“It was recommended that we ask for you in person,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Our friend informed us that you are an eminent force in the field of antiques.”
I was quite frozen by the time that I returned to up on high.  I thought I might trot into Fulworth, to pay a visit to the market for a local treat or two.  The walk was bracing, and by the time that I had reached the little village, a pale white sun was poking through the clouds; the faintest stripe of warmth landing across my upturned face.
“It is quite all right, Holmes,” I told him.  My heart fluttered and ricocheted, cavorted and fainted.
“Well, in the first instance, you must stop apologising, or we shall never know the end of it.  And secondly, you really need not feed me sandwiches as if I were a starveling bird.  My appetite is fickle, as you shall come to know in time.”
He burst out into laughter then.  I followed suit, bewildered, but delighted all the same.  This was a side to him I'd not been often privileged to see.  “What are the rules?”
Holmes smoked his pipe.  From time to time he cast a glance up to the mantel clock, and sighed.  He sighed again when Mrs. Hudson came to clear the breakfast plates, and yet the louder at his being told – in fond, brisk tones regardless – of there being no mail today.
And so it was I found myself out in the corridor, and scuttling for my bag, before returning to find Holmes examining his pocket watch.  He snapped it shut as I approached.  “Exeter Place,” he said.  “It's quicker if we take a cab.”  We found one without trouble.  Once inside and on our way, we looked each other up and down.
Even so, the loose-tongued underworld with its coin exchanged for secrets, upheld its own laws that the probing of the police might serve to aggravate.
“I would like that very much,” I said.  Holmes blinked at me.  He stubbed his cigarette, and eased himself free of the wall.
“Yes.  Yes, it is.”  I hesitated, then:  “Holmes, I apologise for yesterday.  My conduct was unseemly, and--”
“Watson, what are you up to?” said my friend.  “I saw you skulking by the trees.  Are you collecting twigs, or what, now?”
The fog grew denser, it obscured all, everything.  I spun around, called out for Holmes and by his first name.
“You are already mine,” I said, and took his mouth, and so we carried on, until the mantel clock took an affront and told us sternly between chimes that we should part and go to bed.
We lay upon the bed and kissed.  Our tongues collided, fought like fury, came to some fractious agreement.
“Oh, I am fine.”  Holmes lit a cigarette, and sucked upon it nervously.  He gestured to the table.  “There is some breakfast but it's very likely cold.  I'll call and ask for some more tea.”  He went to move, but I reached out and caught his arm.
“Why are you obsessing, anyway?” my friend enquired.  “After tomorrow, fair to say, you'll likely not cross paths again.”  He watched my face.  “Aha!”
“I should write a monograph on the subject,” said Sherlock Holmes, rising up and making for the Persian slipper and his pipe.
Holmes manoeuvred his lean frame into the upright.  He rummaged in his pocket for his silver cigarette case, which he snapped open and, with long thin fingers, selected a tight roll.  He lit it, leaning back, his nostrils flaring acrid smoke.  “That is
“Why, due to the fact that the central hub of any village is its inn,” my friend replied.  “It is the place where news and gossip always inevitably land.  The fact that our innkeeper friend and his crowd could tell us little is revealing.  Our gatepost ghost, in all her forms, likely does not frequent this patch.”
I turned my head towards the door, and observed my friend, the great detective Sherlock Holmes, in all his hot and bothered glory.
Scarcely five hours later, the questions twisted in my mouth.  A second mail delivery: another box, a twin, to join our first.  Holmes tore off the wrapping, plucked the new phial from its bed.  His expression was now vexed.
He shakes his head.  “No...  John.”  (He is still testing my name.  It must feel very strange.)  “I want it.”  His cheeks redden further.
“We need lubricant,” I said, the thought now only just occurring.  I leapt off the bed and rummaged on the wash stand.  Finding something that would serve quite well, I ferried it to Holmes.  He eyed it with some apprehension.
He burst into a hearty laugh.  “That fellow's one to talk.  All mouth and trousers – that's how the saying goes, I think?”  We sat there, smiling at each other.  “I suppose that I should leave,” said Holmes at last.  “It's getting late.”
We spoke a little, more, about the strangeness of our day.  I confessed to a lingering disquiet at my experience with the skull, which my friend was quick to pooh-pooh.  Holmes had, of course, no patience with any 'thing' that was not flat-footed on the ground.  He did not believe in ghosts and he did not believe in magic, and he most certainly was sceptical upon the subject of crystal skulls.
My tongue was in his ear.  “I'm going to take off all your clothes,” I said.  “I want to see if you will blush.”
In bed, not so long afterwards – for we were both tired from the day – we held each other as the dying fire sputtered into ash.  The night outside, so quiet, and our cottage, just the two of us... and I fell to sleep, and dream, as the first snowflakes came to fall.
The reply to Holmes's telegram was a little slow in coming.  My friend was looking at his watch and then out to the street below in quick succession a scant half-hour before our train was due to leave.  And then, at last, a knock upon the door.  Holmes swept out and down the stairs to take it up.  His step then slower back to me, as he perused the rough font strip.
The gentleman perched upon our sofa, and mopped his brow with his 'kerchief.  He gazed up at Holmes in awe, as if my friend were an extraordinary deity.
“I apologise,” I said.  “I have cooled down.  I found the fellow irritating, that is all.”  I turned to Holmes.  “I thought you didn't know his name?”
Still, I thought of him, and somehow filled my papers and my dockets until my first call of the day, a fellow wounded in a scuffle with an officer, and brought in yelling, dripping blood and cursing all of us to hell.  I patched him up and sent him off to be addressed.  Out in the corridor, I came across Lestrade, the little ferret-faced inspector, who was peering at the noticeboard and frowning at the pinnings.  “Ah, Dr. Watson,” he said, spying me from half a hazel eye, “I suppose you've heard the news?”
“Dawkins repeats his story without deviation.  The interesting fact, my dear fellow, is that Mrs. Barker's handwriting in no way resembles the script that appears on Dawkins' message.”
“You will not believe the day I've had,” I said.  “Stamford, I tell you, it's enough to drive a fellow mad.”
“Mr. Holmes,” said she, “I know that it was you, for the dear doctor here would not dream of sullying my bowls in such a fashion.”
“Hmm, oh my,” said he.  “That is the question.  I believe that I may have a set of cuff-links and some signet rings.  I shall bring you the tray...”
And then, the brooch gift-wrapped, the ribbon curled, the tag attached, I turned my chair around.  Holmes was pacing, his hands behind him, his head bowed down.  It appeared he was replaying in his mind our earlier interview with Dawkins.
Holmes moved towards his desk.  He neatly placed the new wooden box alongside its brethren, and swept his long and anxious fingers through his hair.
“No,” said Mr. Flowers.  “Nothing of that nature, Mr. Holmes.  I wouldn't have suspected, if it weren't for my tarot card reader – for she's the one that told me.  She saw it in the Three of Swords, and that's an honest fact, sir.”
A long narrow hall led away through to the back.  To the left was the large sitting-room, and to the right the room where Holmes and I planned a grand library.  The kitchen and laboratory were situated further down.  All of this in chaos, still, with boxes and large crates holding the sum total of our lives.  (I shuddered at the thought of sorting all of it away.)  The hall was chill, but Mrs. Oaks had lit the fires, and so the sitting-room was cosy: greys and greens and orange fire-light, all warmth and gentle flicker.  We stood there in the middle of the room and looked around us.
“I will need to tie the cut end with a ribbon,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Else it will fall apart.”  He looked at me sideways.  “Do you have a colour preference?”
I put my arms around my love; I pulled him close to me.  And then, of course, he realised I knew.  I felt him shudder.
.”  And he spat this word as if it were a poison.  “You got the closest of the three of you.  Well done.”
“Nonsense,” Holmes replied, wiping his lips upon his napkin.  “There is still a greater mystery here, and Victor, with your permission I should like to pursue it to its end.”
Holmes appeared to lose control of all four limbs for one long moment.  I watched in fascination as he flailed.
,” he said.  “And I read in a newspaper somewhere that one is supposed to do something nice for the person one cares about on Valentine's Day.”  He flushed a brighter shade of pink.  “I don't know very much about it.  Did I do it all wrong?  I know you don't use hairpins, but I ran out of ideas.”
“This is Mrs. Hudson,” said the strange fellow.  “Please take care of her.”  And turning on his heel, he left the room.  The door clicked softly in his wake.  I blinked, and only then did I return to earth to set about my duty for the lady in the bed.
“In a dry spell currently, I'm much afraid,” I said.  I shielded my eyes as we emerged onto the gravel path.  “Goodness, it is hot today.  I feel quite overdressed.”
“Why yes, of course.  It was tucked inside his waistcoat pocket.  There was nothing else of interest on the body.”
“No, John, don't catapult like that.  I thought it wouldn't do much good, if I admitted it.  I wanted you so badly.  I didn't want you to make
.  It is comfortable and quiet, and their menu is really very good.  Eight o'clock!” he said, and waved a finger in the air.
Holmes was silent as he ate around his steak and kidney pie.  He would not take encouragement for a slice of poppy seed cake, and he did not sit for coffee.  With a grunt, he disappeared into his room, and – I supposed – recommenced work on his 'thing'.
“I am eating toast,” declared poor Victor.  “It is about all that I can manage.”  He waved his hand again, in the direction of the dishes: toast and sausages, and eggs and lean back bacon.  “But do please help yourselves.  It all looks very good.”
Mrs. Barker was put out to have to see us one more time.  She made it clear as she invited us into the dim-lit hall, and she made it even clearer as we descended to the kitchen.
Back in our room, washing for lunch, we heard the servants on the back lawn marking out the bowling green.  The afternoon would be spent thus: a choice of bowling at the rear, or garden croquet at the front.  I had played neither in my life before.  I looked to Holmes for guidance.
Holmes had had much the same idea.  We smelled of soap and lotion both, the pair of us.  We dressed for dinner quietly.  He hovered by my side and sniffed behind my ear.  “I like the way you smell,” he murmured softly.
for you tomorrow.”  And I blew a solid raspberry, and made my way to slumber, to my tiny room, my single bed, on blasted Upper Wimpole Street.
“I suppose you are a crack shot,” I remarked, once we were at the Billiard table and were chalking up our cues.
“You're dreaming,” Sherlock Holmes snapped – and I came to with a start to find him standing to the side of me.  “And whatever you are dreaming, I don't think I want to know.”
The scream shook me out of my daydream.  It was shrill, it was strangled, and it spoke of much torment.  It caused me to spring from my seat as a jack-in-the-box.
“You fall into these tremendous pickles, and then you expect me to pull you out of them.  Well, I refuse this time.  Point blank.  You must take responsibility.”
“Thank you, thank you both,” said he.  “For all that you have done.  I can hardly tell you just how relieved my Victor is.  He won't admit it but he was fair worried out of his mind as to what might happen with the house.  He will likely keep it, Mr. Holmes.  My word – imagine if he had sold it as it was with that hidden cache behind the wall!  It hardly bears any thinking, eh?”
The sky was clearing, finally, the white clouds peeking out in slithers, querulous.  It was so quiet, on the path, and in the lane; we could hear nothing but the gentle roll of wind, the tall trees echoing its tarry.  I felt the need to be outside all of a sudden: to stroll down to the cliffs again, to walk with Holmes, that he might share all of this joy with me.  I said as much.  He snorted, more's the pity.
“Mrs. Oaks,” my friend said briskly, striding back through to the sitting-room, and beckoning we follow him.  “Now listen closely, for I have a list of tasks you must remember and must follow to the letter.”
“Well, not the way that Oaks pronounced it,” said my friend.  He chuckled then.  “Oh John, don't pout.  Let's sit down here and watch the sea a while.”
“Never mind all that,” said he.  He now leaned forward in his chair.  “What do you say we play a game?”
“Just this, then, John,” said he.  “And then no more, until we see our dear deceased later today.  Take notes!  Well, then.  Her boots, her bonnet, and her mittens.  The simply dreadful singing, and her nose, and both her eyes.  Good gracious, that's a list to see you through to some idea.”
The Holborn was, as always, a heaving hub of hungry diners.  By Holmes's influence we were allotted a small table by the window, and there we sat, looking at each other across the table cloth.  We both seemed lost for words all of a sudden.
I patted his knee.  “I'm sure it won't come to that.  Just write the note, please, at least.  I assume that your wallet is a fly-trap, as usual?  Well, I thought so.  The note, then.  The sooner the better.”
“A little better than you, I dare say,” he said, smiling.  “I suppose we should get up and search around for some hot water.”
I stared hard at the glass phial upon its green and velvet pillow.  Something macabre, or scientific?  A first name initial, or... what else?
Later in the day the house was three, with Oaks our housekeeper at large in his domain.  We had taken to the custom of sitting with him in the kitchen, talking through our day and his, as the good fellow bustled back and forth with floury hands and baking trays.  This evening he was conjuring a Spring vegetable tart, with new potatoes and fresh salad leaves.
We donned our nightshirts, lowered the lamps, climbed into bed.  There was not so much room to move around.  We lay quite stiffly, straight and awkward, staring upwards at the ceiling.
This talk set me to thinking that I might visit Mrs. Oaks on my return, for I was curious, and wished to see the home that held this most eccentric lady.
When the invitation from Mycroft Holmes arrived on my coir doormat, I must confess I was intrigued.  We knew each other, slightly, via a mutual friend – young Adams – but goodness knows why Holmes had quite seen fit to ask me to his weekend lark.  A birthday celebration – his 35th – a long weekend, Friday to Monday, held at his sprawling Surrey country house.  I replied, of course, that oh yes, please, I would be so delighted.  I had not visited before, but knew from Adams that the pile had been inherited, and Holmes had kept it beautifully – apparently.  So as the date grew near, I found myself excited quite despite myself, for my work was slow, this time of year, and social invitations few and far between.  I purchased a new tailored suit.  I buffed my boots, prepared the best I could, and then! the day, at last, when I should take the train, approaching the festivities.
It was just ten o'clock, and the table had been cleared from early breakfast.  The first post had come, and now I thumbed through leaflets, bills and letters.  No longer urgent telegrams, nor frantic hand-scrawled messages, inviting us to trawl the ends of London on some caper; no, those days were gone, and in their place this calm, this sweet unending peace.
,” said he, “would be the most wonderful place to dispose of an enemy, John, don't you think?  A villain whom you really did object to, just imagine.  To lure the fellow there on some pretext, and then a push! –
Now I glared at my impossible friend.  “I just might do that, Holmes,” I said.  “This very afternoon, in fact.”
My mood was buoyant, all of Monday, despite the time seeming to drag like minutes wading through molasses.  I closed the surgery as promptly as I could, and hurried upstairs where I took a bath and changed into fresh clothes: a brand new suit, a crisp white shirt, black polished boots, and tie.  I faced the mirror and surveyed myself.  It still was early, but I'd no desire to sit twiddling my thumbs.  I left the house and walked to Baker Street, thrumming with the need to see that fellow once again.
Holmes drained his coffee cup and stood.  He snatched his pipe from the small table by the fireside, and squinted in the bowl of it.  “No,” he said.  “An irritant.”  He winked at me.  “That's all.”
“Indeed I do,” I said.  “And that still holds.”  The air caught in my throat.  Was that the truth?  What was my friend about to say?
The journey down was uneventful.  We arrived at the small station where a cart was waiting for us, and we travelled down the rutted lanes, a-bumping and a-rolling on the high seas of dried mud.
“I am very sorry, Gregson,” I replied, “it is just this murder case.  I have no idea what's going on.”
“Good morning, Mycroft.  You're looking splendid.  I think you've lost at least an ounce of weight.”
“Good morning, Dr. Watson,” said Mr. Holmes, and we held to each other's gaze as the room door pushed to and clicked, leaving me cast out and alone.
We wended inside at a later point, with breakfast being served for early risers, and we found ourselves the first.  Fried mushrooms, eggs on toast, I took my heaping plate to sit beside my friend.  “Will you not eat?” I said.
“Yes.  The more so, as they are not particularly intimate, having quarrelled in the past.  Dawkins immediately realised the potential of what he was holding, and believed it might be better used and more profitable in the long term as a mystical 'prop'.  So – one or both of them is lying.  Talmadge died intestate.  Mrs. Barker holds no claim to anything.  Which is why it is odd that she did not attempt to make a profit from what she took.  Let us go and revisit the lady now, and see what she has to say.  These are murky waters, Watson.”
“Oh,” I said, again.  “I see.”  I picked up a serving spoon from the breakfast table, and peered into the back of it.  The curl peered back from my reflection, mute and passive.
My friend left me outside at the Bizarre, and was in and out within three minutes.  He clapped a hand upon my shoulder.
My companion sighed.  “I mentioned that this fellow helped me with a case quite recently.  We met here, to go over the finer details.  You may guess the rest, John, if you care to.”
,” said he, in half-complaint.  He wriggled down to take me in.  He whined and wriggled still some more, 'til by degrees I found him hooked and fully seated.  “
Lestrade's small office, in point of fact, was in a perpetual state of chaos.  His surfaces were never anything less than a whirling bedlam.  The floor was worse.  Files and teetering stacks of books surrounded us in dire threat.  The feeling was claustrophobic to the point where I sidled softly to the door and thrust my head out to the corridor, to inhale a breath of space.
The food, the wine and the excitement all culminated in my sleeping very little in our Blue Room that night.  I rose and smoked a cigarette in a chair set by the window, and watched the winking quarter-moon out through the curtain crack.  At some mid point before the dawn my friend rose up to sit with me.
“Why on earth didn't the killer exit out through the door?” I muttered, still embarrassed and half to myself.  “What a dashed stupid thing.”
“Three days ago, at the lady's house – the dilapidated gables, do you remember? – and during the first part of that morning, Jane the maid opened the door into the drawing room.  There, to her dismay, she found her mistress stretched out cold upon the floor.  With presence of mind and admirable calm, the maid knelt by the lady to call out her name and to check for her pulse.  She was sadly too late.  Between the fingers of her right hand, it was observed that Augusta Burroughs was still clutching fast to a single rose.  There were no other flowers of that description within the room.  The windows were pushed open – to be expected, given the weather.  The maid raised the alarm, the police were involved, and the next of kin – in this case her nephew Victor – were informed.  They are still to determine the cause of death.  There was a small pinprick upon one of the fingers grasping the bloom.  The expression upon the poor lady's face was that of one frozen in horror.”
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was lean, and tall and angular.  He was also possessed fully of a sarcastic turn of phrase and an impatient twist of lip, which he deployed at any interval he pleased – which was quite often.  Not that he was cold – no, I would not say that – but rather, analytical and measured.  He informed me that he was unique, a master of his trade, and then sat back to watch me gape at his immodesty, and barrel him with questions as to how and why and what.
Holmes's face now bore every indication of a beatific smile.  “A severed arm, just off the path,” he elaborated broadly.  “A blood trail, leading away into the grass.  A high-pitched, wailing scream.  A --”
I sulked 'til Sunday, when I shook myself; decided that my dignity be damned, I'd go to see him, invite him
Stamford peeled himself away from his small clique, and with his pal, the fellow Martineau, both joined me at the door.
He accepted the bag.  Delving inside it, he pulled out a box.  Flipping open the lid, he studied the content.  There was an interminable pause, the full duration of which I roundly cursed my impetuosity.  I averted my eyes, embarrassed.
By eight o'clock of the next morning, the whole house was awake and moving.  Mrs. Oaks was in the kitchen frying up the eggs and bacon.  Holmes and I were dressed up warmly, gazing out at the white blanket that was covering the green.
“Dinner tomorrow.  I might have an appetite by then.  Seven o'clock?  Meet me here, and we'll go on.”
“That's my direction too,” said Holmes.  “Why don't we walk along together?”  He stooped down to pet the pup.  “Good dog, good boy.”  He squinted up.  “Are you all right?”
“She did not come,” said he, half agonised.  “And I did not move for three full hours.  I am as familiar with the shadow from the gate post as I am with my own thumbprint.”  He shrugged.  “That is a terrible analogy, but never mind.  You should go home, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson.  I truly
I rose from the sofa and stepped across to his chair.  I leaned over and placed a light kiss to his cheek.  “Well, you should get dressed, then,” I said.  “It is almost nine o'clock.  If a client calls, you'll have to hop.”
“It is possible, Victor, but who can tell?  The motives of women are so inscrutable.  How can you build on such a quicksand?”  Upon noticing Victor's crestfallen expression, he quickly added:  “I meant to say, that may apply to some women.  Your aunt, on the other hand, my dear fellow, was an admirable lady.  But at any rate, here is where we stand right now.  According to my data, we have one 'E. Bruce' within a three mile radius.  As this most recent letter was hand-delivered, I think it may be relatively safe to assume we have our man... or woman.  A brief telegram as if written from your aunt can do no harm in bringing the elusive E. Bruce to us, unsuspecting.  I have a description of the gentleman, and if by chance it is the lady, well then, Victor, you have seen her for yourself before.”
He said nothing, but nodded, and we returned to our chairs.  Holmes touched the tie-pin, gently, as if to check it was still there.
“Allow me then to demonstrate.”  He rose, and drew me over to a bureau where he pulled a drawer and knelt down just in front of it.  He turned his head to peer at me.  “Imagine I am rummaging inside,” said he.  “The table cloths are folded; from the outside they seem fairly unremarkable, but their folds contain some letters, say, perhaps.”
Holmes was back home by three o'clock.  He flung his coat into a corner, tossed the scarf into a chair, and jettisoned his gloves behind his writing desk.
“Dr. Watson,” said Mrs. Hudson, our smiling landlady.  “The postman's been.  He's left some letters, and what looks to be a Christmas card.  The card is addressed to you.”
“Yes, the skull.  It is a life-sized carved red jasper.  My dear father passed away some months ago, and left it to me in his will.  He was eighty years old, Mr. Holmes.  That is a ripe age, is it not?  He had developed a sneeze, which turned into a cough, and before anyone knew it, he had-- well, now, you are surely not interested in hearing about that.  The fact is, I came into possession of the skull, and I believe it is doing its absolute best to tell me something.”
We had had too much to drink, perhaps.  Our faces both were flushed, our eyes were bright and over-keen; our tongues were loose.  I looked at Holmes.  He cocked an eyebrow, leaning forward.  “
“Well!  Because of the pinprick.  One of the thorns had been dipped in a poison.  What else might it have possibly been?  Victor himself writes that her face held an expression of horror.”
It was to my surprise, therefore, that I returned home one autumn evening to find him curled up in his chair, fairly obscured and resembling no more than a tan and grey cloth-covered hump.  A thin wraith of smoke curled out from a low point on his person.  A slender hand poked forth above it and wiggled out a merry greeting.
I left him to it, and returned to the warm fireplace.  I poured another cup of tea, and nibbled the last sandwich.  I kept a roving eye on Holmes, who was now pacing near the window with his nose glued to his recent correspondence.  I had never known the like of him.  I had never
The lady looked at me severely.  “I would far rather that you were my errant husband,” she replied.  “He missed the train.  Otherwise, we would be three.”  She sighed, and ruffled in her bag again.  “I have mislaid my lozenges as well.  I'm very cross.”
“Tomorrow, John, we travel back to Surrey,” he told me, yawning.  “But before that, a quiet evening and a good night's sleep will do us both the world of good.”
We sat there silent for some minutes, each lost in private contemplation.  Then I looked towards my friend.
Later, by the fire, we fell to silence.  Yet later still, when I'd retired to bed, once more the frigid room with its small fireplace and smaller draughty window, I lay there, frowning with my conscience.  And after frowning for the better part of half the night, I slept, and tossed the blankets off the bed, and wrenched the pillows into mania.
Winter sets a man to thinking.  It is a time for contemplation, resolution, and fresh spirit.  I thought about our home life, now at its happiest and settled.  I considered Holmes's practice, which was the busiest we had known it for some time.  We were at a pleasant spot indeed at this point in our lives – the beginning of the fifth year of our love.  All that had gone before it, all of the trials that had beset us, all that we had overcome, had made us stronger as a pair.
“It will leave me the house and effects.  But how am I to repair all that is needed?  The roof is in a shocking mess.  The walls are worse.  Who would care to purchase such a property?  And I cannot afford to live here by myself.  Goodness knows how my aunt managed.”  He shook his head.  “It is a worry, I can tell you.”
The housekeeper obliged.  My friend glanced only briefly before making a few scribbles of his own beneath the lines.
“What did Dawkins say?” I asked, when the door had jingled shut and we had stepped onto the pavement.  “What is happening in this case, Holmes?  Who is telling the truth?”
He flushed bright pink.  “For heaven's sake!  You don't waste time.”  He shifted; crossed his legs, uncrossed them.  “And you're
He stood and waited while I tossed my coat, said thank-you to the landlady, and then shut the door and locked it, before turning round to face him.
“The same to you,” said he.  He wandered off.  I noticed Cooper scowling at us from afar, and puzzled as to why he was so sour of a sudden.  Avoiding his trajectory, I wound my way to Holmes, who'd eaten little but was on his third or fourth cup of hot coffee.  He beckoned me to sit.
Victor half-rose from his bench as we made our approach.  For twenty minutes we had scoured the upper floor rooms: the main bedroom and storage, and the spare furnished chambers without great revelation.  Where the ground floor was snug in its cloth and its clutter, the first floor remained spartan to the brink of neglect.
I followed my friend back out into Pall Mall.  My head was full of Mycroft, and the strangeness of the day.  We took another cab and were at Baker Street quite shortly.  I could not settle.  I scratched around for my pipe and tobacco, I paced the room and puffed great smoke clouds at the ceiling.  Holmes observed my quandary for several minutes.  At last he could bear it no longer and drew me down level by his side on the sofa.
“You looked so peaceful, and besides, it's early yet.”  I chewed my toast and thought a moment.  “What did you mean when you called Holmes a
--and it was over, just like that.  Holmes drew himself away, retracted.  The straw basket had been jettisoned, the eggs spilling and rolling, and he picked them up, replaced them.
“I had an awful head.  I'm feeling better now,” I said.  I turned to him to whisper: “Dooley seems quite taken with you, I must say.”
“Yes, from a distance,” said the lad.  “If you must write your telegram, then I shall call for Jane so she can take it to the village.”
I was very much alarmed, ten minutes later, by an explosive pop, and Holmes's scream in answer.  Then, for a long interval, I heard his peaceful humming, and decided that the disaster had abated.
I feared that he might leave me then for company a little more enticing, as he glanced towards the door.  I offered him a cigarette.  He hesitated, then –
The next morning, I was sober once again and feeling mortified.  Holmes was up and at the wash stand with his razor, shaving busily.  He caught my eye in the reflection of the mirror, and – for heaven's sake – he winked at me.  “It's all right, Watson, don't be wretched.  It's the
“All of this!” I said, and I windmilled my arms.  “It is perfection.  But you would rather be back home in London.”
The lady was introduced to us as Mrs. Matilda Barker.  She was a slight-framed, timid woman of middle-age, and had been weeping, for her eyes were raw and red-rimmed.  Her hands shook so around her teacup that she could barely take a sip.  The poor lady set to wailing all the louder when she saw us.
“Come on, John, hurry, we are off out.  Put on your boots, unless you fancy wading through the snow in carpet slippers.”
He swung his head to the other faces in the room: the elder lady and myself, Victor and Gregson, all of whom were gazing at him most expectantly.
I had set a stack of notebooks to one side, and was riffling through envelopes and folders when I happened to glance up towards my friend.  He caught my eye.  He seemed to start, as if his previous attention had been scuttled to one side.  I could not tell where he'd been gazing; at some point around the back of me.  I turned my head to look.  “What is the matter, Holmes?”
“Oh!  But...?”  I scratched my head.  “But the note was from the gardener, surely?  So, if it was not from the gardener, then...?”
, John, for heaven's sake.  Come, now, finish your pipe, for we ought to unpack our night bags and advise Mrs. Hudson.”
And I, the meanwhile, while taking in this so-called comfort, still could not keep my thoughts from straying to spider-lines of bright green ink, and gatepost phantoms from afar.
“I doubt I will.”  My heart: a hummingbird; a cirrus cloud; a hungry, stamping bird on fertile soil.  “There's much you do not know of me.”  A Laphroaig haze as catalyst!  “
“You ought to have read that by now,” I teased.  I tickled at his midriff.  We roughhoused for a minute, during which time George Meredith flew in one direction while my decorum went the other.  His breath was at my neck, meantime my hands were tugging at his shirt.  He was fumbling with my trouser buttons when the downstairs bell rang out.
“I don't care,” said my friend, with a shake of his head.  He extended a finger towards one of the boxes, and stroked at the green velvet wadding within.  “Why green?” he mused aloud.  “And in such a vibrant shade?  I have to say, it is unusual.”
is,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “Still in London, I expect, else he's not showing up at all.  Adams is here, and so is Eva.  There are a few others still to come.”
“Why, Sherlock, John,” said he.  “How unexpected.”  He took a closer look at us.  “What has happened?”
The tea and cake hit the spot.  By the early afternoon I was feeling much cheerier, and helped Holmes set up his toolwork in the outbuilding to the rear.  I watched him as he measured out the slats of wood, methodical, precise.
The housekeeper clapped both her hands to her face.  “Oh!” she gasped softly, rocking forward and back in her chair.  “Oh!  Oh!  The skull!”
“He finds these things quite difficult,” I whispered, in a confidence.  “But you know what he is like.  He has a good heart, despite it all.”
“You are the world,” I whispered to him, and I felt his lips, their fire, upon my neck.  I tried to twist, to grasp his head, to kiss his mouth.
Once there, I hit a brick.  I was informed by Mrs. Hudson that my friend had been called out to Bart's – an urgent case analysis.  It should not take him very long, but if I could, perhaps, direct myself to meet him there instead...?
“You have a letter, Doctor,” she exhaled.  She set down the tray upon the table, where the cups and saucers clattered, and the spoons raised up a jangle, and the sugar bowl nudged elbows with the coffee pot.
I returned behind my desk, quite irritated.  “Then you shall stand there and dehydrate,” I replied, “and that is all the same to me.”
I was beginning to wish most heartily that my friend would stop his “Watson”-ing me with requests to explain and elaborate.  I seldom had any idea of what I was talking about.
I thanked her kindly for her trouble, and climbed the stairs in dread, for all the things that I might say and might be said to me in turn.
I hurried out to fetch the decanter and a glass.  By the time I had returned it appeared my friend had briefly outlined certain details to our guests, for both were listening intently to the monologue.
He beamed.  “Oh, that is excellent.  Somewhere close by, I think, so your poor gammy leg won't gripe.  Ho hum!  I think, perhaps,
By three o'clock, Sherlock Holmes had changed, via collar, shirt and fresh brilliantined hair, into the personification of a gentleman.  We set out for the station, upon my part looking forward to breathing in some country air, which I hoped desperately was cooler than its city variation.  The station was teeming; hundreds of travellers like so many scuttled ants.  I purchased tickets for the both of us, and as quickly as we might, given the bustle and the tumult, we sought our waiting platform.  It was only once ensconced, as the train proceeded to click-clack on its way, that we relaxed and took stock of our state.
“It's been so long,” he said again, his voice a hush.  “I'd like our first time to be somewhere else.”  He huffed a laugh.  “At Baker Street.”
“That is not the sum of Pike.  He is a gossip-monger for the news sheets, and well-known, but nothing more.”
Victor looked up.  “I was so hoping that you would say that,” he said, smiling.  “Thank you so much.”
“Chico,” said he, “it is only right I tell you this.  I am Augusta's nephew.  When your mother died, she left the entirety of her estate to me.”
“Well, you can let yourself out, then.  There's a loaf, some cheese, and butter in the cupboard if you want it, but you know I'm out of coffee.”
Sherlock Holmes drew in a breath and held it there some length of time, the course of which I watched him both with fascination and alarm.  Just at the point where I believed he should turn dizzy and lightheaded, he exhaled.  “I have to find it, all the same,” said he.
Although alight with curiosity, the Inspector nodded and said nothing.  He knew of us, of course – I think – but always as an unspoken understanding, and we were grateful for his kindness and discretion.
This fortnight past had been a tranquil one, however, with little of calling for the either of us.  With this great heatwave, I may dare claim that to be a good thing.
I shook my head.  “Perhaps it does not spell a name at all,” I said, inspired.  “It could be spelling “eloin”, or “elocution”, or “elongation”, or--”
I followed at a pace.  Mycroft was standing on the gravel near the entrance, overseeing the departure of the Coopers.  He smiled quietly on seeing us.
, Watson.  You hone in on the... details of, er, the things...”  – and here my friend hesitated, to count off upon all of his fingers for a brief moment and then lifting his face to glare sternly – “... a
“I am sure they will be fine,” I said.  “Then you will study them, and research them, and write your monograph, or book, or
I felt the red upon my cheeks, and wondered what on earth was happening.  Sherlock Holmes was still laid prostrate, one knee crooked but slightly, with his face still turned my way.  He looked delectable and beautiful; all manner of hyperbole so springing now to mind.  I sat across from him and combed my hair, to keep my mind from skittering to somewhere it ought not.
That point of slow awakening from slumber; the sound of morning as it encroaches and encircles.  I was aware of singing birds outside the window, and of warmth and of my friend pressed close against me, with his cold nose inside my ear.
“Offering our assistance, in the event it is needed,” replied Holmes.  “Really, Lestrade, you shouldn't scowl.  If the wind changes, you'll be stuck like that.  Now, then.  The body was discovered in this room, I think that's correct?”
Holmes cleared his throat; his lashes fluttered, and he looked away.  “How sure you are,” he murmured.
“Don't be facetious,” Sherlock Holmes replied.  “It really doesn't suit your build.”  He shut the door behind me and then pointed down the hallway with a long and peevish forefinger.  “Go on.  Go through.  You surely cannot need a guide this time.  I've better things to do.”
Sherlock pulls himself together after a bit, his back shuddering as he struggles to master himself. He’s made no move to return John’s embrace, his arms still folded into his own chest. John pulls back far enough to survey him, then reaches back for a tissue and gives it to Sherlock. “Thank you,” Sherlock says, his voice ragged. He blows his nose, then accepts another tissue from John and wipes his eyes. His breathing is still shaky, his heart racing palpably.
“Are you? I don’t recall you having made an honest man of my little brother just yet,” Mycroft says stiffly.
Mary makes a sound that’s neither agreement nor disagreement. “When he was putting effort into it, it was good, yeah,” she says. “But certain things, they just don’t get. He has his strengths, don’t get me wrong. But I hear you about being too rough or too gentle in some respects.”
John agrees, and Margaret tucks a long, wavy strand of straying hair behind her ear. “Don’t be,” she says. “It’s natural, but there’s no need for it. You’re with the person I would assume is your best friend. After all, he should be.”
party. Our wedding. His eyes fall on John again. John is actually going to marry him. Amazing. How incredulous. He catches the glint of platinum on John’s fourth finger, and suddenly it’s not enough to observe him only. He shoulders his way through the crowd until he’s there, close enough to breathe in the scent of John’s skin, take his hand and feel their identical rings clink together, feel the warmth of John at his side. He catches Mrs Hudson’s eye and nods at her. She wants to do toasts and that, and suddenly Sherlock doesn’t mind the flat being filled with people. He squeezes John’s hand and settles himself against him. Let the party go on all night if it wants.
Sherlock has also learned better than to turn down John’s offers of help. He’s learning. Slowly. “All right,” he says carefully. “I was also thinking about making a salad to go with, so… perhaps you could look after that?”
“Sweet dreams!” the others call through the door, then retreat, laughing and clearly exchanging high fives.
I blink for a second, then get it. “Oh – the lube?” I feel around for it, find it, and give it to him, not asking.
Ella looks back and forth between them. “The two of you have interesting and complex histories, both as individuals and jointly, and that history will affect all of this. John, you have a long history of trust issues, of having people that you trusted break that trust. That’s going to affect this. Sherlock, you have a long history of a fear of intimacy, for equally good and valid reasons. That’s going to affect this. You both have unaddressed and unresolved issues surrounding your sexuality. That’s going to come up, too. Understanding it is going to be key in learning how to live with it, work within it, learn to understand one another and your needs. Sorting out your own history is another layer in all of this, too. Have you begun to talk about this? Any of it?”
“I was – going to, ah, get out the – waffle – thing – ” John breaks off, moaning as Sherlock lifts the apron off over his head and drops it to the floor, his hands resuming their travels over the full length of John’s front.
John repeats everything Mycroft told them and David listens intently, nodding along. John finishes, then asks slowly, “Would you like to keep her as of now, or is that a bit too – ”
He puts his tea down on the floor. “So am I,” he says, looking into Sherlock’s eyes. He hesitates, wondering if he should ask first, but the right words don’t come to his lips. No, wait. That’s bullshit. He’s just got to try, and this is exactly the sort of thing they’re supposed to figuring out how to put into words. He takes a deep breath. “I’d really like to kiss you,” he says. It’s actually easier than he thought it might be. “It’s – been since, er, two nights ago, and I – I’ve really missed it.” He searches Sherlock’s eyes. (Ask, damn it, he tells himself again.) “Would – that be – okay?”
“With good reason, obviously.” John searches his eyes. “Mary even asked me if you’d followed me, and for half a second I wondered if there was any way that you possibly could have, but rational thought said there was no chance, given how hard it was to even find this place – I was so sure that I was on my own.”
Sherlock crawls over to him, onto him, and bends to devour his mouth, and John’s hands come up to pull him together, pull their bodies flush again, but Sherlock has other ideas. He sucks at John’s mouth as though taking strength from it, then shifts lower, biting at John’s chest, lower teeth scraping along John’s sensitive rib cage, tongue massaging over the softness of his belly, tracing the sensual line of his pelvis until his nose is pushing into the underside of the erection lying flat up against John’s abdomen and following it with his tongue. He’s never done this before, or had it done to him, but instinct seems to be serving just fine as a guide right now. John inhales sharply when Sherlock’s tongue licks him from root to tip, then comes out in a moan as Sherlock’s lips close around the head and begin to taste him, delicately at first, then with increasing boldness. He sucks at the head, then presses his tongue into the underside, feeling a thick vein pulsing against it. He touches, his hands fascinated and unable to censor their curiosity, rubbing here or there, testing for John’s very-vocal reactions, and sucks his penis all the while, his head bobbing down over it. John is thrusting into his mouth, just a little, and Sherlock absorbs the kinetic information and adjusts his speed and intensity, his hands fully under John now, gripping his arse and pulling him even deeper into his mouth.
“I’m – I’m too close!” John is too desperate to try to filter this, and Sherlock actually moans in response.
John admits that Mary’s death was not his fault, which is almost shocking in its graciousness. Sherlock is careful not to overreact. John turns to leave, and then – of all inopportune moments, The Woman chooses that particular moment to text him a
It’s a short wait, though; Sherlock appears a moment later, his towel wrapped tightly around his hips, bare from the waist up. “Did you need the – ?” he asks, indicating the bathroom with a thumb.
Sarah looks at him for a long moment, her eyes disarmingly direct. “Mummy says no white bread. White bread isn’t healthy.”
“Leave it,” he says, his voice low, his mouth close to John’s ear. “It’s not worth it. If it he wants to learn how to be a tolerant or compassionate human being at some point in the future, it’s his business. Not ours.”
Mycroft’s eyes are on the gun, his irritating implacability visibly shaken. He blinks several times. “I must say… I never thought to see you threaten me at gunpoint, Sherlock.”
He sees Sherlock’s shoulders release, dropping by half an inch. He turns the laptop back to John and pushes it across the table. “Plenty,” he says. “You choose.”
It’s not the life he would have chosen. Then again, he doesn’t know what he would have chosen, either. John watches London go by from the A12 and wonders how everything got to be so bloody colourless.
“Sorry,” she says, not sounding as though she means it at all. “But it’s pretty clear to me. We’ll see what the coroner says once the autopsies are done. The child will probably need psychological help, from the trauma alone.”
Sherlock tightens his fingers in John’s. “It’s ancient history,” he says firmly. “You should let yours go, too.”
When he wakes next, it’s because John is stroking his back, his fingers gentle, lips on Sherlock’s forehead. “Morning,” he says, his voice warm.
He wakes with John’s arms still around him, and the sensation is simultaneously foreign, yet instantly familiar. John’s body is heavy and relaxed, his breathing deep and even, on his back with Sherlock curled around him like a growth of ivy on a wall. He loosens himself, slightly abashed at his own daring, but John feels it immediately, stirring and waking.
Sherlock nods at Todd’s glass. “Going by the lime slice and the open bottle of gin on the table, I’ll assume that’s a gin and tonic and have the same, place.”
He doesn’t say what he’s planning. John peers around the column to watch, and sees Sherlock sidle over to where Colin Atkins is standing, a little off to the side. If the sidekick is still there in the crowd, he clearly isn’t expecting to be blown up imminently. Maybe he just doesn’t know what the plan is, John thinks uneasily. Maybe he’s expendable. Lestrade’s profiler thinks Banting is highly unpredictable. “Sherlock…” he says, without meaning to speak, and he can hear how worried he sounds.
John understands, though. “Since long before Mary died,” he says almost to himself. “And then that happened, and I cut you off,” he says softly. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. The whole drug thing – was that – that?”
Then it releases her and she’s panting, slumped back against the sofa, and Mary is still touching her, caressing her with long, slow, gentle strokes as Molly comes down from the heights, trembling. She’s still bent over Molly, kissing her sweaty neck now. Is kissing part of this, too, Molly wonders, stars glittering at the edges of her vision. She doesn’t know what to say; surely ‘thank you’ would be ridiculous, but this felt
Sherlock shrugs and doesn’t look at him. “I thought I’d interview the front of house manager. Apparently he’s in today.”
Sherlock slots his long legs possessively in between mine and shakes his head. “You’re fine. I only didn’t wake you for two reasons,” he says as I kiss his chest, dragging my tongue over his pecs and nipples, which peak against my tongue. I make a questioning sound, so he says, “You were sleeping very deeply and I didn’t want to disturb you. You didn’t even move when I got out of bed.”
Corey says something to Anna, asking, then comes over with four glasses a moment later. “Sorry, I should have asked if you take ice,” he says, ice cubes clinking.
“I love you,” Sherlock says soberly, looking deeply into John’s eyes. “You’re all that mattered to me, all that time. Obviously Moriarty had to die, but that’s why, because he’s the one who would have had you killed. He said he would burn the heart out of me, remember? That’s you. Nothing else, no one else matters the way you matter.”
John tacitly does not tax him, though, allowing Sherlock to walk to his bed unchallenged, then quietly takes his turn in the bathroom, and if he takes his time about it, too, then Sherlock quite understands.
“I know,” John says, looking troubled. “Todd’s great. Or seems it, at any rate. But you heard what Justin and Thom said, about Paul. I’d put money on him being involved.”
Sherlock makes a wholly non-verbal sound and then he’s there, the head of his cock right up against my hole. He inhales sharply and pushes inside in one long, smooth push and we both gasp. We’re both completely starkers, right there in the kitchen at three in the afternoon, and he’s inside me. It’s fucking phenomenal. Sherlock stops when he’s all the way inside, both of us trembling. His hands stroke obsessively over my chest and belly and he exhales into my hair. “Are you all right?” he gets out, speaking with obvious difficulty. “I – should have gone – slower, but – ”
, damn it, or will be once John actually permits himself to claim him. He remembers what Sherlock said, back on his birthday, that he didn’t know how to spend the currency of his life. It was an open invitation to John to take it, claim it, spend it together. He sees that now. And Sherlock wanted this, wanted it badly. He can feel that tangibly, pressed against his body in undeniable evidence.
“Certainly,” Sherlock says. “I just need to deliver this to someone.” John comes into the kitchen as he’s speaking and raises his eyebrows in question and already holding out his hand for the glass, so Sherlock says, “Give that to Thom, would you?”
John starts carefully, just rocking in and out perhaps an inch or so, then more as Sherlock’s muscles relax. The kiss breaks off as they pant, eyes locked together again. Sherlock is so tight around him, tighter than anyone else he’s been with, and John is swimming in pleasure so heady that he’s dizzy. He begins to moan and Sherlock echoes him, reaching down to grasp at his arse, his legs crossing over John’s back as he thrusts. They’re in a steady rhythm now, their breathing and moaning all in sync, too, and suddenly it’s not enough. John’s hips are pumping themselves hard, slamming into Sherlock now, and that’s fine because Sherlock’s making sounds of wholehearted want, hands gripping him. His fingers are dug into the meat of John’s clenching arse, just painful enough to feel incredibly good. Sherlock is writhing and sounding utterly desperate, so John reaches to touch him and Sherlock comes the instant John closes his fist around his cock. He shouts out and that alone does it – John feels the surge roll over him in a hot wave that prickles down over his skin, his balls tightening, and then he’s erupting in streams, flooding Sherlock with his release, his hips pinned to Sherlock’s arse, cock buried as deeply as it can go. He can feel the breath rasping out over his throat and knows he’s got to be making a lot of noise himself, but it can’t be helped and he doesn’t care anyway – all that matters is that he’s coming and coming and the world could be ending and it wouldn’t matter, because he’s completely incapable of doing anything but shooting out his release into Sherlock’s body.
“It’s great that you’ve got a place to stay,” John adds. “You could have asked us, too! But you’ll be all set here, I should think.” He nods at Kyle. “So, is this finally officially a thing, then? You two?”
John is still speechless. He reaches up and grips at Sherlock’s back and elbow and manages to look up into his face and nods, swallowing yet again. “Okay. Yeah,” he says, his voice cracking and coming out half in a whisper. “If you’re – ”
John sneaks another look at him, not quite sure what to say to this. He sort of wants to say that he wishes he still lived there, but where would he put Rosie? He has no desire to share a room with a baby and there’s just no other space at Baker Street. He briefly thinks of Sherlock moving into Mary’s flat and has to stifle the hysterical laughter that threatens to burst out at the very notion – Sherlock, in Mary’s dimly-lit, beige, boringly-tasteful flat. No. The notion is ridiculous. Whereas him coming home to Baker Street would just seem – obvious. But not now. Not with Irene Adler staying. He sort of wants to bring that up again, too, but is loath to go spoiling dinner. No. He decides to leave it. “Are we sharing or ordering separately?” he asks instead.
John looks up from his laptop. “Right,” he says quickly, remembering. He closes the lid and sets the laptop aside, getting up and gesturing toward the loo. Sherlock turns and goes down the corridor and John follows him.
“Sure.” John gets out of bed, hoping that he hasn’t got morning wood, particularly given the nature of their conversation. “I left those scones on the table, meanwhile. Help yourself.”
Volkov grits his teeth, but begins to speak, in Russian. They learn quickly that he is indeed a member of a sleeper cell, meant to be kept inactive for the time being. Between Sherlock and Mycroft, they ask him about Marina Gubnitskaia and Pyotr Smirnov, and any other members of the cell, as well as others due to arrive. Volkov’s information is naturally compartmentalised and he knows little of the other members, but the information he gives them on Smirnov is helpful: they learn that Smirnov is indeed the leader of the cell, a Russian national with deep ties to the former KGB and a prominent leader of the Rosomakha division. It was Smirnov who gave and confirmed landing instructions, collected them, and drove them to their new homes. He is unable to give information on Smirnov’s vehicle, as they never made it that far the previous night.
Sherlock turns around and stares intently into his eyes, his gaze probing John’s. Before he can speak, though, they’re interrupted again, this time by Aliyah.
“Should be fun,” John says, with a rather forced laugh, and Scott glances at Sherlock and smiles slightly.
“Good,” Sherlock says, a bit intense. He puts a hand on John’s face and ducks in to kiss him. It’s nice, his lips warm, but he pulls back after. “Is this – okay?” he asks obliquely.
, so they take that, too. The entire thing takes them under two hours. By noon, they’re eating lunch – a lasagna Mrs Hudson brings up to eat with them – and John’s things are unpacked and put away, Rosie’s cot and nappy changing station are already rebuilt, and she’s playing peacefully in her playpen in the sitting room as they drink coffee and discuss the rest of the day.
He has to stop then, both because if he doesn’t, he may lose it right there, both physically and emotionally. Sherlock’s body is so tight around him that it feels blindingly good already, the heat of his channel gripping John’s cock in a way he’s never felt before, and doing this, being inside Sherlock this way, feels so incredibly right that his chest is aching right along with his cock. Plus, he needs to give Sherlock a minute or two, too. Sherlock’s mouth is open, his eyes closed, fingers still gripping John’s arms. “You okay?” John asks, his voice coming out in a murmur. He shifts his weight to his left arm and strokes Sherlock’s wet hair.
Sherlock stops in the kitchen, where Lestrade is watching the medical team zip the body bag closed over Saffron Alloway’s face. “Where is the package?” he demands abruptly.
Sherlock nods. “Take your time,” he says, not wanting John to feel badly about his state. After all, he woke up the same way.
“You’ve never done this to yourself?” Sherlock asks, watching the arousal flood John’s eyes, his penis flat up against his body. His mouth waters, looking at it.
John doesn’t quite understand why she might find this so difficult to believe. “Mar – ” That’s not her name, he reminds himself. “Rosie is the reason I’m here. The only reason. So tell me. I’m not leaving until I know the truth.”
Sherlock responds by letting his legs fall open subtly, and reaches over to cup John’s ribcage as he was before, then allowing his hand to slide down to rest on John’s hip.
He could ask John, on the grounds of Covid-19 safety and household bubbles. He could ask if John is seeing someone. But he doesn’t want to be told, if that’s the case. Sherlock does sigh now. He closes his laptop and gets up, stretching the kinks out of his lower back and wandering into the kitchen.
“Have you been to one of these before?” he asks John as they walk the six blocks over from Baker Street.
Sherlock puts his phone down and shifts back into the warm curve of John’s embrace, finding John’s hand on his stomach and lacing his fingers into it. The rest of their Day 4 was completely wonderful. They spent most of the afternoon in bed, then showered together and went to dinner, which was prawns in garlic butter on basmati for Sherlock and roasted chicken risotto with truffles for John, followed by raspberry sorbet for Sherlock and molten chocolate caramel lava cake for John. They’d joined the larger group for board games and beer in the bar afterward, then went back to the room and the haven of their newfound, insular world of two. They’d lit the fire and stretched out on the floor, talking about everything and nothing, until they’d started kissing again. This time they’d moved to the bed first, and it was slow, lazy, drawn-out, and utterly incredible. Sherlock’s discovered that he likes having John’s fingers inside him, and to both their surprise, John liked it when Sherlock tried it on him, too. (“I guess we really do need to go to Todd’s workshop tomorrow,” John had said, and Sherlock agreed.) Now, in the pre-dawn hours, they’ve only slept for four hours or so. Sherlock searches his memory, and remembers that Todd’s workshop only starts at ten. He hesitates, then dials the number for the front desk.
He bends forward and puts his mouth to John’s chest, laving his tongue over John’s peaked nipples, ducking in to suck at the sensitive places he’s already committed to memory on John’s neck. He’s over John, his larger form covering him more fully than any woman John’s ever been with, and he perversely loves it, which he never expected. His mouth is magic, John thinks, tipping his head back to pant open-mouthed as Sherlock works his way down his chest and belly, and knowing where he’s going makes the suspense heighten his arousal still more. At this rate, he’s going to come the instant Sherlock’s tongue touches his cock, and he’d rather it lasted a little longer than that, so he breathes and attempts to calm himself a little. It’s rather impossible, though: Sherlock is just so good at this, wholly inexperienced – though he’s gaining it quickly, at least twice per day so far – but so good at reading John’s every minute response, either physical or vocal.
him. Sherlock looks up, then uncrosses his legs and gets up, his eyes gleaming as they travel over John’s bare torso. He comes around the coffee table without a word, his eyes on John’s. His hands settle on John’s hips, warm even through the towel, and his eyes are intense. “This is – extraordinary,” he says, his voice low. “I find myself constantly doubting that this is genuinely happening.”
She can hear his smile over the phone. “Friday night dinner lasted until Sunday night,” John confirms. “It was brilliant. And then we got a case – that’s why we’ve been out of touch, sorry, and then things got complicated. We’ll tell you all about it this afternoon. Sherlock’s just in the shower, that’s why I answered his phone, but he’s awake and he said to tell you that he’s been clean for weeks. I can corroborate that. We’re both okay.”
John nods, that same look of immense tenderness on his face. “Yeah. Sorry. Didn’t mean to be weird about it.”
He comes to himself some time later, his entire body still trembling from the strength of it, and Sherlock’s hands are stroking down his heaving back over and over again. The driving need is gone, but in its wake the need to bond remains, this intimate, sweaty, skin-to-skin contact fusing them together. He feels himself softening at last, and reaches down to hold the condom in place as he pulls out, not wanting to make a mess. There’s a bin next to the bed, so he disposes of it and turns back to curl himself around Sherlock’s long, blissfully relaxed form in unabashed possession. Sherlock’s arms fold around him in equal claim and John feels his chest well with happiness he didn’t know he was capable of feeling. “I love you,” he says, and Sherlock’s arms tighten.
“John,” Sherlock says, not reproaching him, exactly, but there’s a restraint there nonetheless and John remembers that he doesn’t actually live here anymore and has no say over who gets to stay and who doesn’t. He gave that up when he left.
“This is ridiculous,” John says again, keeping his voice down. His upper arm is just barely touching Sherlock’s under the blankets and this smallest of touches is electrifying.
“Rosie,” Sherlock repeats, getting hastily to his feet. “I’ll just go and check.” He moves swiftly out of the sitting room and starts quietly up the stairs to John’s room, silently cursing the warmth of the silence and whatever John was about to say. Why can’t he just leave it alone? He stops at the landing, not wanting to wake the child, counts out seven minutes, then returns. He throws a wary look in John’s direction before sitting down again, but John’s eyes are downcast, hidden in his book. He does not attempt to speak again, to Sherlock’s devout relief, instead letting the silence win out until it’s time to go to bed. He gets up and, after a cursory exchange of saying goodnight, leaves Sherlock sitting alone by the fire.
“Oh, that,” Sherlock says, almost dismissively. “I think we’re nearly there, honestly. I’m more or less certain that Joe Biggs is the bomber. I was planning to break into his room tomorrow to check for bomb components. The bigger question is who’s paying him. Perhaps tomorrow we can do a bit of individual investigation and compare notes via text. I’m more concerned about how I’m supposed to focus on anything else now that this is happening.”
He steps closer again, reaching carefully behind Sherlock to untie the apron without getting the buttercream on his shirt. The apron gets set aside and John goes to work on the markings Sherlock has made on himself, dragging his tongue over Sherlock’s phenomenal body, hands stroking over his back and sides. The last streak curls around the left side of Sherlock’s rib cage and John follows the hard line of it with his tongue, half-crouched. He wants to reach into the bowl himself, but maybe he’s got to let Sherlock direct this. On the other hand, he also sort of needs to stand up straight or else get the rest of the way down onto his knees. Maybe doing that would make it clear enough that he’s inherently offering, that it would be safe to ask. He kisses Sherlock’s flat stomach as he sinks onto his knees, using it as a very transparent cover as his fingers get to work opening the button of Sherlock’s trousers, unzipping them over the straining bulge of his erection and easing them down his legs, helping him step out of them. He runs his hands over Sherlock’s muscled thighs as he sits back on his heels, looking up at him. “Where else?” he asks, hardly breathing, not wanting to change the wording or the question lest it break the spell or something.
“John – ” This time it’s a blend of relief and urgency. Sherlock reaches for him and their mouths come together hard. There’s a sense of both of them letting go more than they ever have so far, arms tight around each other, legs fighting into each other’s laps as they kiss and kiss and kiss. Sherlock’s hands are dragging over John’s shirt, pulling it halfway up his back to get at his bare skin and John finds that he’s rubbing over the outside of Sherlock’s long, lean thigh, revelling in the feel of it.
This time it’s Molly who wants it to go further. She gets closer to Mary, pressing her bare breasts up against Mary’s and that seems to push something over some unspoken ledge. Mary puts her hand between Molly’s legs through her trousers and begins to squeeze. Tentatively Molly drops her hand to Mary’s thigh and rubs a little, hesitant to go too far. She’s curious now in a way she never was before, or never realised she was, perhaps.
“Whatever it is, it is gorgeous,” said Holmes, amidst much plucking and scraping.  “I cannot wait to learn more.  Gregson is tiresome, catching such a late train.  I would far rather take the ten o'clock.”
We fashioned a small space to play our card game, and set to, making no comment on the carnage near the window.
Sherlock Holmes yawned widely and stretched his legs, throwing his arms above his head so that the length of him resembled a brown land snake in rigor mortis.  His dressing-gown fell open, revealing the night shirt, white and rucked, and an expanse of smooth, pale leg.  The fireplace he sat beside cast out its warming glow, and flickered shadows on the rug.  The time: an early morning in mid-winter, in the year of 1890.
“Oh, well, that is altogether very different!” he exclaimed.  “My, my!  Who has been talking about me?  How very kind.”  He adjusted his spectacles; the most futile of gestures.  “Now, please, my honourable gentlemen, what can I do for you?”
“Yes, well, that is how you so choose to depict me,” said he with a grumble, “and therefore your fault.  You
Archie Flowers came in and closed the door obediently behind him.  He hovered then, uncertain, but in a dash of strong resolve set to his worry.
– accepted it.  He sat beside me on the bed and leaned towards me for a light.  I held a match and lit his cigarette.  He leaned back on one elbow, smoking slowly, eyes upon me.
I waited on the step.  The air was cool today; the wind was brisk, and buffeting the awnings of the side street shops already in full throes of browsers; customers.  I smoked a cigarette.  It seemed an age, my standing waiting, and I wondered if the landlady might not return at all.  I was almost prepared to cede, when the door opened and a hand beckoned me in.
awful.  But, Watson, that is quite beside the point.  We need to go back to see Dawkins.  My, my, this is turning into a carousel.”
And so I sat toying with the bundles, building little walls and bridges until my friend looked up at last.  The documents were strewn in disarray.
Holmes quickened his pace, the sandy grit rising in sharp huffs at his boots.  I broke into a trot to draw up level with his peeve.
“Why, it's Mr. Holmes!” exclaimed the police constable.  “I might have guessed that you would show up.  Inspector Lestrade is in the study, I believe.  On the second floor.  Is he expecting you?”
“Not to our friend Gregson, evidently,” Holmes replied.  He sighed and stepped back to the sitting-room, where he leaned against the mantel, gazing down into the flame.  “You need to clear things up in that direction.”
And I absolutely need to thrust my nose into his armpit, or his groin, to breathe the scent of him.  And yes, I am aware that this is feral and slightly odd, perhaps, and yet I do not care.
I hummed a little, pleased; the thought had not occurred before.  Now here: two hives, with larvae still developing; the lull before the buzz.
“I shall pack for us both, then,” I said.  I rose from my chair and moved across to my love.  I lifted his chin and kissed his mouth.  His arms wrapped loose about my waist, rubbing my back through shirt and waistcoat.
This fact intrigued my friend as much as it had astounded me.  He detoured and together we went to meet the merry trio.  The taller of the three, the fellow with 'my' moustache, as Holmes described it, was the most garrulous.  He introduced himself as Jacob Stone – a research librarian – and these were his friends, a married couple, Mr. and Mrs. Simeon Dickens.  I would have placed all three of them at around thirty years of age and well-to-do.
I shook my head.  “I swear to you, I ended it on Tuesday.  It was a... casual connection,” I added clumsily.
immediately.  Across the pond, sat on a different bench: a small and dapper man, his back set ramrod straight, both hands upon his knees, and spatted-shoes set close together.  In curiosity I watched him, for he poked out like a sore thumb in this quaint, old-fashioned village.  A strange specimen indeed: he owned a marvellous moustache, which perched and coiled upon his lip like a small octopus in fury.  His eyes returned my gaze for a brief second, whereupon he started up, brushed down his suit, and walked away in tight neat steps from whence he came.
And so, for the next ten minutes, Sherlock Holmes regaled his brother with the events concerning Spencer as they had taken place thus far.  Mycroft sat back behind his desk; his brows converged, his lips pursed tight.  He nodded, at short intervals, until my friend had finished.
Victor smiled.  “I think you are correct.  Those do sound good.  My mind has been all around and over, and I don't know quite what to think.  My poor aunt.  Tobias has been wonderful, but he has his duties back in London at the present.  I miss him so.”
“You are very welcome.”  I snapped shut my bag and stood up.  “Holmes, if you are still agreeable – let us dine out tonight and take in that new play at the Griswald.  My treat.”
My mouth was parched.  I poured a glass of water from the carafe beside the bed, and sipped it slowly.  Holmes was watching me the while.  “Did you sleep well?”
.”  I hesitated.  “Do you think you... might?  With me?  Feel connected at some point, I mean to say?”
He would not listen to my protest.  He explained that Spencer would likely feel threatened by the presence of us both, and his reactions could be unpredictable.  And then of course, there was my temper – one of my failings – and I knew that Holmes was right.  I would find it next to impossible to stand by and remain calm while listening to the sneers and threats from that odious man.
I was disturbed all the same, but said nothing.  A rude awakening, I thought, after the night that we had spent: our blissful 'goat's jigg'; of re-entwining, and of his yielding; the sweet reward after the coquetry.
I collected each and every last round white lace doily – there were a fair few – and then stood dithering, not quite sure what to do with them.
“I remember now,” said Holmes.  “It was a gift from old Bartholomew.  We solved that case of his, you know the one.  His parrot swore at you.”
“Never mind that,” he retorted brusquely.  “It does not matter.  What matters is that you are late, and the coffee pot is cold.”
“And you do not mind the...”  Here Mycroft Holmes made a small gesture of a piston with his thumb and first two fingers, and I stared at the strange mime and frowned.
He was standing at the work-bench, hunched and frowning.  In the middle, on the ground, was a small structure, four legs high and five slats 'round.
“Well, quite.  I'm loath to toss around my heart as if it were on some elastic cord and easily retrievable.  I've not the time nor yet the patience.”
Mrs. Hudson came to clear away the breakfast tray.  Her eyes were bright and red-rimmed, and I stayed to touch her arm, to offer comfort, for she felt it more than we, I think.
He tore the letter open without waiting for my reply.  A two sheet missive in neat, blue script, that he commenced to keenly read.  He frowned and sighed and sucked air through his teeth at short intervals.
I could not tear my eyes from him – and was terrified that he should turn and notice.  But his attention was set dreamily upon the burning, crackled coals, and I decided that he would not find me out.
I watched the little man for several moments.  “No.  He's gazing at the door.  He's two steps forward, three steps back.  He is really quite bizarre.  Oh, he is leaving.  There.  He's gone.”  I shook my head.  “Holmes, should I follow him?”
“I never imagined that my aunt should have kept such a secret,” said poor Victor at last.  “Some years after that, of course, she met my uncle, and after their marriage they lived here at the gables until my uncle passed away ten years ago.  I wonder if
Holmes placed the two phials side by side, and sat down to consider.  “There should be a letter, or a telegram.  Why the secrecy?  John, this is irksome.  Unless...” And here my friend paused.  “Unless...”
All this while I had been taking notes and quelling my urge to chuckle, for this fellow was surely a madman on the run from the asylum.  I looked to my friend to observe his reaction.  To his credit, Holmes did appear to be listening politely.
“Unless the tarot card reader's prediction is coming true,” I said.  My heart lurched at the thought of it.
“I don't suppose that you do,” I replied.  I picked up the paper and pretended to read.  From behind my spread broadsheet I heard tiny puffs, as of nostrils exhaling in pique.  I stifled a chuckle.  “Is it your intention to carry on like this all evening?”
That same afternoon while Holmes had worked on his lists, I had ventured out from our rooms to pay a visit to Bradley's.  I was gone a short while, and upon my return found my friend with his hat and his coat at the ready.  A small bundle of telegraph forms in his hand, he declared his intention to send them at once.
He was silent once more as his nib scratched the paper.  There were many pauses and grunts before the final grand flourish.
I didn't care to read on further.  Consultant this, consultant that.  I made my way on down the corridor until I reached a door.  I tapped and entered.  There he was, my fellow seated at his desk.  At the last moment I observed that he was not alone: a tall and dark-dressed gentleman was standing to one side and thumbing briskly through a notebook.  Both men turned their heads to glance at me.
Holmes eyed me sideways, an odd expression on his face that I found puzzling.  “Some things are better left unsaid regardless,” he replied.  He shook his head as I began to speak.  “Now Watson, I appreciate your...
The disruption upon the other side continued for some seconds.  A thump, a slamming door, and then some footsteps to my rescue.
Lestrade pushed a box of cigarettes across the desk towards us.  He tossed a matchbook as an afterthought, and watched us as we lit and smoked.
“Can we be of any help?” I was persistent.  Holmes was here now and was leaning by the lintel, watching, arms folded to his chest.  The housekeeper squinted up at him.
Holmes sat up straight.  He drew his knees up to his chin and contemplated for a while.  I let him be; I didn't press him for an answer, or response.  I knew his mind, a little, now, and how it worked.  I knew he needed space to analyse the variables and process the result.  Before too long he nestled down beside me once again.  He burrowed in, and flung an arm around me.
I set the spoon back on the table.  I looked up at Holmes.  “Should I comb it?”  Suddenly, I was eight years old again, an unsure naȉf in an uncertain world.
And indeed, that was the most I could get out of him that evening.  I retired to bed not a little irritated and perplexed.  I resolved to reach the bottom of the mystery on the morrow.
By twelve o'clock, he was half done with it, in fact had thrown his pen down and was standing at the window looking out.  The weather was quite frightful; it was raining now, the fall piercing the fog that settled on the looming lamp posts.
I was so deep inside my head, I had not noticed that my friend had ceased his work and was now leaning back and watching me.  His eyes seemed black and hooded from the shadows in the room; the expression on his face seemed raw and vulnerable – the encounter with his brother had so affected him, no doubt.  Then in a second, he reassumed his mask: the cool, the calm, collected.  Sherlock Holmes blinked once-twice-thrice, as if his engine were restarting after dawdling awhile.
I freely confess to liking Tobias Gregson considerably more than his colleague, Lestrade.  An altogether more affable variety of the Scotland Yarder breed, the burly fellow held out his hand to shake my own, and listened intently as I told him of my trifles.
By three o'clock, he had returned, a leaf-strewn whirlwind through the door, shedding coat and hat and gloves in cross abandon.
His cheeks light-flushed from the fine wine and the stroll home, and now the fireside, with his collar pulled awry, and his legs crossed just quite so... I could have eaten him and still had room beside.
It seemed from very far away I heard a helpless keening, felt a body writhe and wrestle, and I stopped and pulled myself back to investigate.  Holmes's eyes were pooled and wide: grey flecks of light that burned and blinked at me.  “
A bustle from behind me and a loud, abrading bellow informed us Mycroft was in a near and irked proximity.
I opened my eyes.  Holmes was holding the gift, a silver tie-pin in the elegant form of a long-stemmed bloom.
I burrowed down and curled into a ball.  My eyes screwed shut, I clenched my fists and made a sound not human to my ear: half sob, half feral whine.  I must admit my own true nature now.  Admitting it to no-one but myself, and for the first time in my life.
“Mr. Holmes, good evening to you,” said she, with a curtsey, “and Dr. Watson, too.  I am so sorry, for I was just on my way, but I shall inform Mr. Burroughs straightaway that you are here.”
Reluctant to disturb my friend, I dallied in the stairwell by the pantry, listening to the muffled voices from within the cosy kitchen.  Ten minutes had gone by before the door hitched and drew open.
Sherlock Holmes shifted uneasily.  “I say a great many things that people think are strange,” he said.  “Could you be more specific?”
I watched him as he nibbled around his eggs, and ate a slice of buttered toast.  Two cups of sweetened coffee, and he was filling up his pipe with all the last day's plugs and dottles.  He sat back and eyed me warily.
“Unless we're both hallucinating, it seems we are already doing so?”  Holmes motioned to the table by the window.  We sat, facing the other, and my friend steepled his fingers, and my nerves jittered and jangled as he eyed me up and down.  “I've not the energy to shout,” said he.  “I was breaking things all night.”  He gestured then to a small sweeping-brush and sack, where shards of pottery and glass were poking out.  I flinched to see it, but it spurred me on to words.  I spoke for several minutes, then.  I told my side as plainly and as simply as I could, and when the words ran out I stopped, and felt around, as if I'd made it to a final destination, now in new terrain and lost without direction.
It was drizzling now; a mist was hanging low, the cold was biting.  The cart stopped outside the house, and we stepped down.  Holmes tipped the driver and we said farewell, then we watched as he drove off, the cart-wheels kicking up the dirt.  Around the hedge he went, then slowly disappeared from view.
“Oh, come now, Mr. Dawkins,” said my friend.  “In all of these large displays, with so many hundreds of rare items, you have no jasper?  How about behind those curtains?”  Holmes pointed to an area of the shop that was curtained off.  “I can assure you, I have the money...”
At length my leg began to ache, and so I bid Holmes a good night, picked up my books and made the headway to the stairs and so to bed.  As I undressed, my thoughts were deep and, I dare say, a tad unsettled.  I heard the faint sound of a violin, and listened in distraction as I folded down my shirt.  I shivered at the cold night air, the fire burning low, and tucked myself under the blankets, where the sweetest notes and semibreves still found a way to creep and infiltrate my fretful dreaming.
We converged upon my bed as per the last time and, as one, we flung ourselves full width across it.  There was an awful crack; a splintering.  The bed lurched to one side, rolling us sideways.
I arrived a little before nine.  I rang the bell, and Mrs. Hudson came to answer it.  Her face creased into worry when she saw me.
“Good morning, madam,” I said pleasantly, turning around to greet the lady.  “It seems that we are travelling together.  I am John Watson.”  And I tipped my hat.
“This doily?”  I scooped it from the sideboard.  It appeared in every respect to still be an ordinary doily.  “Holmes, this is ridiculous.”
The canyon between the almost and the actual is vast.  My heart yearned, daily, foolishly, and he all the time oblivious – for what use had he for tenderness, or – god forbid it – love?
“Well, here we are,” the girl declared as we stopped by a small front door.  “This is Aunt Jessica's.”  She raised herself up on her tiptoes, pressed a quick kiss to my cheek.  “Thank you again,” said she – and drawing a small key out from her purse, unlocked the door and disappeared within.  I stood there for a moment, thrown; it took a group of passers-by to stir me into moving, to set out for home.
We wrestled for a moment, all pressing hands and grunts and oaths.  I had him by the waist, his nightshirt rucked around his midriff, and I dealt him a sound kiss upon the mouth.  “You are a menace, Holmes.”
“John, everyone has an umbrella in their hand.  It is raining.  Oh, here he comes.  Ho hum, he's stopped again.  No, here he is.”
Holmes was in, thank all the heavens, and he greeted me quite civilly.  He seemed perplexed, perhaps, that I was visiting so early, still he invited me to breakfast.  We sat with bacon, ham and eggs, and a hot coffee pot, and spent some minutes talking over the conclusion of the Ramsey case (the wife of an MP upon the 'other side' was culprit, and the trial would be held shortly).
Holmes stared at me.  The sandwich that he held between his forefinger and thumb was quite forgotten as he processed this.  “When?” he asked, at last.
“I suppose,” said my friend.  “It doesn't matter to me.  I could sleep on the floor.  It is all the same thing.”
We were quiet inside the cab.  My friend gazed from his window, and I from mine.  The late morning bustle and the noise of commercial London.  Gradually, the carriage drew away and out towards the private club.  Holmes turned to me.  He touched my leg but lightly.
He gaped at me.  I stared right back.  “Watson,” he said slowly, “were you banking on my not knowing the meaning of that word?”
We kissed for minutes, fairly ravenous again, my hand inside his shirt and kneading at his chest, until he stopped me, drew away.  “I think perhaps we'd
“Please,” said he, “let me serve you a drink.  There is a scotch whisky or brandy, or would you perhaps prefer a cocktail?  I am not sure where the cocktail glasses
“My right fist, on the other hand,” I said calmly, “is optimistic of doing some damage to your esteemed face.”
to scan the headline columns.  I was looking around our sitting-room and thinking that perhaps a fresh lick of paint might do it good, even a new rug upon the floor to replace the threadbare old, when I heard a sharp intake of breath and a soft curse of exclamation.
Miss Isobel walked slowly, and yet alas, she kept on talking.  Her arm tucked tight in mine, we wended our way gradually, the street lamps pooling light, the cool air making us both shiver.  “It's so cold,” the girl complained, “it doesn't feel like spring at all.  Look, how that gentleman is hurrying, he can't wait to be home and by his fire.”  I looked in the direction she was pointing, but the figure had dissolved into the shadows.  “It's been so nice to spend this evening with you, doctor,” said she, sweetly.  “I hope we'll see you often now.”
“But, what?”  My tongue was tied, besides.  “I was just walking,” I said lamely.  “And then I saw you with Miss Cooper.”
We were back within our sitting-room.  I was at the table, busy with paper and with ribbon, while he was in his chair, craning his neck around to frown at me.  I had evidently distracted his train of thought.
“No, it has not.  And no, there is not.  I have no enemies.  But the dreams are so real.  I can only blame them on the skull.”
“Well, how very lovely,” said my friend, moving across to me from his slouch next to the fireplace.  “
Holmes tapped at his head.  “My brain never slows down.  It is constantly active.  Do you have any idea what that's like, and how
is obvious?”  There was a tension in the room, and I was batting it around, from hand to hand, chancing my luck, testing my nerve.
“I know.”  He struggled to the upright, and we settled side by side.  We were both painfully aware of sporting stalks, and we did our best to hide them.  “I didn't think we'd go this far.”
“Yes, yes.”  His smile faded in disappointment.  His fingers twiddled the handsome quartz point on the gold chain around his neck.  “You do not wish to make a purchase?  Only to ask me my name?”
without you, John.  I need you here, to keep me sane.”  He dropped a wink.  “I also need you in my bed, to keep the
“For goodness sake,” said Mr. Holmes.  He stuffed the paper in his pocket.  He regarded me more closely then.  “I wish we still had Dr. Doyle.”
.  This masterpiece I then placed within my desk for its safekeeping.  The ceremony was but two weeks away.  I shivered with the pleasure of anticipation.
Holmes outlined all our wants and needs, and when and how to do them.  The housekeeper listened carefully, and nodded at fair intervals.
news,” said he at last.  “It must be quite remarkable, if you are here all of a sweat with half your buttons misaligned.”
He was no longer limping at least.  I made a mental note to set aside some minutes in the evening.  My friend was already in front of his bedroom mirror, smoothing back his thick mop of black hair and reaching out for his coat.  He bounded back through the doorway to scoop up his hat.
Holmes looked at me sideways.  “I know that tone of voice,” he said.  “And it spells trouble for my buttons.”
The food was very good.  We ate and drank in companionable silence, counting just three patrons across the threshold in one hour.  The landlord hailed them all.
We piled our luggage in the hall, and trooped inside the dining room.  Speaking of Dooley – there he was, one of the stragglers for breakfast, spooning out some kedgeree.
I felt immeasurably improved after a heaped plate full of everything.  My third cup of piping coffee had me returned amongst the living.  It was then that Jane, the maid, came in to bring the mail and see that all was well.  There was a letter addressed to Victor.  He tore it open, read the contents.  He placed it carefully beside his empty plate.
“Good evening – Jane – isn't it?” said Sherlock Holmes.  “My condolences.  A sad loss indeed.  Is Mr. Burroughs at home?”
Tomorrow – when it arrived – brought a great deal, as it transpired.  We were late to rise, the pair of us, and we stumbled to the sitting-room to discover much had changed.
smells like a pile of rotting turnips.  Our doorframes smell like turnips.  My fingers smell like turnips.  Mrs. Hudson smells like the biggest turnip of them all.”
We trod the shingle to come level, and we introduced ourselves.  The fellow's name was Jacob Jones; he lived a little way up yonder, closer to Fulworth.  “But I like this stretch of beach,” said he.  “And the doggo likes it too.  We come here often.  Here, I say, it's very nice to meet the two of you.  Where do you live, exactly?”
It was Toby.  I could not hide my disappointment, and to my great unease, he noticed.  We spent a minute with a to-and-fro of discontent that ended with his plumping on my sofa, folded arms and peevish brows.
“I am writing a monograph,” said he, “upon the art of tracing footsteps.”  He peered down into the street.  “It is about the only time when muddy weather is of much use.  In all other situations it is a curse and a nuisance.”
We both of us sprang from our rut to our feet.  Rearranging our clothes and composure, we hurried out to the main landing.  By now it was past five o'clock, but Jane the maid was with us still, for there were her footsteps in the hall and then the front door squeaking open.  We heard soft voices – male and female – and then a shuffling as our visitors were shown into the drawing room.
“I say, Holmes, it is that fellow from this morning.  He's by the gate.  Just what the devil is he doing?”
“Monday!” Holmes exclaimed, as we searched the main road for a hansom.  “That is a nuisance.  Oh well.  It cannot be helped.”
At Holmes's prompting, the housekeeper recounted all that had occurred, and to the best she could remember it.  The speech was interspersed with sobs, and long pauses while the dear woman tried to calm herself.
“I am so tired of wrath and crossness,” replied his brother.  “You are a dreadful liability, dear Sherlock, but you are family, and I cannot strangle family.  If I ask you that you promise to be mindful, will you be so?”
“There is a word for men like you,” I said, eyes twinkling all the same.  “Get on your back, god damn you.  I'm going to give you what you want.”
There was a coffee house a street away, just open, so I took an inside table, took my notebook and a pencil, and wrote a letter to my friend.  I did not spare myself; I asked for his forgiveness, if he might give me a moment to explain...  I fashioned a rough envelope, and stuffed the folded sheet inside.  Thus far I'd barely taken breath, but now I sat and came to realise the full extent of damage that I'd wreaked.
My working day on Tuesday was divided.  In the morning, I was at the Yard, attending to my duties, clearing up some paperwork, and making ready for my leaving.  It was bittersweet, this time, between the staying and the going.  I had not worked here for very long, but I would miss it all the same.  Tobias Gregson stood himself inside my doorway as the morning ticked to noon.
The trouble began on a Wednesday eve in September – a day and month which carry no bearing whatsoever, other than the fact they are now seared, for better or worse, into my memory.  My friend, the great detective Sherlock Holmes, had been in ill temper since the Monday.  Close on the trail of Hoggerty (a man of most questionable memory), and several ambushes and wayward chases later, Holmes was barely any closer to the criminal's arrest.
“My shift can hang itself,” said he, now rubbing both his eyes to glare at me.  He aimed and bit my shoulder.
Holmes stubbed out his cigarette, then immediately filled and lit his pipe.  He shrugged his shoulders at my frown.  “Anyway,” said he, plucking briefly at one trouser leg to admire a coloured sock, “after all of THAT, and just when I thought I might be able to effect my escape, I was roundly informed that apparently – apparently, Watson, mark you – I was guilty of a handful of domestic crimes that could not go unpunished.”
“I live above these rooms, yes.”  A sudden thought occurred to me.  “Mr. Holmes, when I first met you, you said something strange to me, and I would like it if you might elaborate?”
me!”  He made a sound that intimated thwart and pique and other things.  He chivvied at his bacon and he pushed his eggs around.  “Nothing pleases me,” he added.
“John,” Holmes murmured to me, as we lay in bed that night, the lamp light flickering, “I do not think that a black eye was
“Yes, I know, but goodness me.  If this odd fellow is sending us phials of his blood merely to spell out the word 'elongation', I rather feel that exsanguination will be his only end reward.  And if it is someone else's blood, well, surely a letter would have followed by now to explain.”
Sherlock deduces it instantly and opens his mouth, but John elbows him and he shuts it again, waiting expectantly instead.
“She seems to be fine,” John assures her. “Hopefully she’s too little to even remember it, going forward. Children are very resilient, but yeah, I hope she wasn’t too badly scared.”
“Just four others,” Sherlock says, his eyes on the wire-reinforced window in front of us. We’re sitting on hard plastic chairs and they’re uncomfortable. Sherlock shifts his weight again. “Apparently the night shift doesn’t need many workers.”
“Er…” John trails off, then evidently decides to ignore the question. “Look, I was wondering if you might be available to take Rosie for a bit. Maybe a few days. I know you work, but… it seems she’s a bit much for Mrs Hudson at night, and our neighbour is out of town… it’s rather urgent.”
“Good. Okay.” Sherlock comes back to the other side and John passes him. The overhead light is already off; the only glow is coming from the lamps on either side of the bed. He steals a look at John. “Am – is this too much?” he asks. “To be wearing, I mean.”
And then, just as Sherlock is paying for the three of them, as he always does, his phone rings. He puts a finger up to the waiter, takes his receipt, listens intently, then says, “We’ll be right there.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, not attempting to hide it. His knuckles, she notes, are white where his long fingers are gripping the arms of his chair. “It’s someone who not only wanted to kill me. He used to describe it as wanting to ‘burn the heart out of me’, which I took to mean that he not only wanted me dead, but that he wanted to prolong it. Torture me. Hurt the people I care about the most.”
Vee is angry and restless, pacing from one part of the house or garden to another, cleaning obsessively, reorganising, tackling projects she hasn’t touched for years: anything to keep her hands occupied, because her mind won’t stop spinning. The Morstan woman is alive after all. The monster who shot her son is free as a bird. Mycroft, she knows, is doing everything in his not-inconsiderable power to have the woman found, but she’s sick with both worry and fury that it won’t be in time to stop her from whatever she has planned. He called two hours ago to tell her that Rosie was taken, that Mary must have been lurking somewhere nearby even before his perimeter was put in place, likely moving across the rooftops. His people had set motion sensors around the two doors (the front door on Baker Street and Mrs Hudson’s kitchen door, leading into the alley) but not the windows. There’s nothing to stop this woman from just doing whatever she wants with and to Vee’s family.
Mary looks at her steadily for a long time, her blue eyes focused intently on Molly’s. Then she says, “There’s an obvious solution, you know. If we ever want those men back where they belong, with us, then we’ve got to put an end to that friendship. It’s got to be destroyed beyond salvation.” Her eyes are hard and cold. “Are you with me?”
Sherlock clears his throat. “Yes,” he says. “Quite. And when did you first notice that the ring was missing?”
He smears it hurriedly onto them both, making Sherlock make a sound he didn’t know he was capable of making, and then John’s hand is back. He rubs Sherlock’s testicles and just behind and Sherlock makes that sound again, too far gone to be embarrassed by it. He leans forward and kisses John’s neck wetly, sinking his teeth into the skin there, and John breathes out a heartfelt curse. He gets a leg around Sherlock’s and lines up their erections together and it’s a joint effort now, their fingers tangled together. John comes first this time, the hot spurt of his release landing on Sherlock’s penis and abdomen, which makes him moan again, and then it’s his turn – John’s fist is flying over him, his back arches, and – his vision goes white for several seconds as pleasure arcs through his frame like electricity, flooding out his penis in uncontrollable spasms.
“I have no idea what I’m doing,” Sherlock says, the confession low and nonetheless rather alluring. “You’ll have to show me everything.”
He looks at Sherlock and Sherlock nods, wincing. “I’m aware,” he says. “I’m – painfully aware that she could be using Rosie as little more than a means to hurt you.”
Sherlock feels self-conscious saying this to John in front of other people, but at this point, they all know each other pretty well. He thinks of telling John that he loved him last night and puts himself back into that place. It doesn’t matter that they’re not alone. No one else matters but John, whose eyes have turned almost heartbreakingly hopeful, waiting for him to say it. He touches his thumb to John’s lip. “I cherish you,” he says, his voice very low, and John closes his eyes for a moment, absorbing it.
He’s embarrassed. Deep down, John has the wit to realise that this is the real root of his anger. He feels as though he’s been exposed. Sherlock has just informed him that he knows his secret and always has, that it was so obvious that he assumed they both knew that Sherlock knew. That John was equally aware of it. And it’s not as though he isn’t, not exactly, but he’s never quite acknowledged it that plainly. Perhaps that’s messed up, but he’s never been able to look it fully in the eye. Not even after Sherlock died.
Sherlock’s shoulders are tense. “So – apologies for repeating myself, but again, what are you saying, John?”
“Which we won’t be mentioning in anyone’s hearing while we’re here,” Sherlock says, lightly enough. “But yes. I quite agree.”
Sherlock’s shoulders relax fractionally. “Of course you wondered. And of course you have every right to ask,” he says. He runs the fingers of the hand I’m not holding through his curls, then looks slantwise at me. “Are you disappointed?” he asks bluntly.
Sherlock has a look of concentration on his face. “Yes,” he says slowly. “That fits. When Eurus came here, disguised as Faith Smith, she had a paper belonging to Faith Smith. She’d added her standard hallmark,
Sherlock smiles, just a little. “So you said yesterday…” Time to just say something out loud? Perhaps. He takes the plunge. “But you’re not really checking my stitches, are you?”
At the hospital, they find Lestrade, his sergeant Stevens, Mycroft, and nameless assistant of some sort all waiting for them, and they all make for the separate, private rooms their Russians have been kept in, away from one another and under constant surveillance. The nurse in charge of the ward tells them that the recently-identified parachuter, one Vasily Volkov, has only just regained consciousness, and that he doesn’t appear to speak much English, though he understands it well enough to follow instructions.
“Hey, it’s me,” says Corey Graham’s famous voice. He sounds apologetic. “Uh, have you seen the headlines?”
“Okay?” John asks, wanting to check, though it’s hard to talk with Sherlock’s large hand between his legs, rubbing over him with his palm and then his fingers again.
When the alarm rings, John wakes with a start, and Sherlock opens his eyes. He didn’t move, he thinks belatedly. He meant to, but it never happened. For a moment John stares at him, then turns onto his other side, away from Sherlock. “You can shower first if you want,” is all he says, his words blurred by sleep.
