And then, of course, there was Steve’s face swimming into focus above him. He had that look on. That I’m-doing-my-very-best-not-to-feel-feelings-right-now look, which meant he was really feeling a lot of feelings, and none of them were nice.
For now, all he could do was soak it a while--not in water, good lord, it’s had enough of that--but let it sit and absorb the approximately fifteen gallons of leather conditioner Jarvis had optimistically smeared on it, and see how far that went. Then other plans could be made.
Tony was sprawled out full length on the marble floor, clearly startled but already gathering himself up, with his right arm outstretched. His right arm, which was holding the leash leading to an equally-startled Penny. Penny, who was standing in front of the bank of windows (where a planter box currently hosting several pigeons was clearly visible), and who was looking back at Tony with an alarmed expression that plainly read:
Tony smiled a little, brain functioning just enough to remind him to cover it behind a sip of coffee. That way any besotted sighs he let slip would be blamed on the beverage. His gaze drifted over to Steve, though, watching the play of his muscles under that damn tight t-shirt in a way that was probably terrible for Tony’s cover. Steve was still busy at the stove, turning pancakes and bacon and potatoes and sausage and eggs on the industrial-sized range with precision timing born of months of practice. People tended to start helping, once they’d had half a cup of coffee, but you had to be willing to take orders if you stepped into the Captain’s kitchen, so that ruled Tony out. Clint was already in there, actually, shoulder-to-shoulder with Steve and doing most of the potato upkeep (Steve kept checking them anyway, which led to a lot of low-grade bickering) and Tony gradually realized that Natasha had appeared as well, sometime when he wasn’t looking, and had taken over most of the meat detail. Steve didn’t seem quite as willing to bicker with her.
The thing is, Steve is pretty good with computers, really. And yet this whole mess happens because he fails to use one correctly in a small but critical way.
“You could try not to sound so surprised by that, for once,” Steve suggested softly. “Maybe give me a little hope that you’re not pulling these stunts with your own death in mind as a likely outcome.”
male friends, as if there was another kind. He thought of two young men in particular that he’d seen today. They’d had an old quilt, spread out under a huge oak tree. One had been leaning back against the trunk, the other flat on the ground with his head in the first man’s lap. The way they’d looked at each other made a lot more sense, now.
“That’s great, Steve,” he said, and the words were warm, genuine. “I’m so glad that you trust me to know that, and that you got to live to see a world that’s more welcoming of that truth.”
The Captain froze, hiding a cringe behind his tea, and Jarvis heard him whisper something that sounded suspiciously like “busted”, but surely wasn’t, that would’ve been far too modern of him to say. He lowered his tea, and stared into it for a moment, before setting his shoulders and turning to face Jarvis properly.
“Oh, hell no,” Tony rasped out, voice shaky. “This is way above my pay grade, and my pay grade is hard to beat.” He dug at the collar of his undersuit, dragging out the amulet--
There’s a scuffing noise, and the cardboard castle shivers like weight is shifting inside it. Through the sliver of daylight between the edge of the boxes and Steve’s side, Bucky can just see a dark shape slink past. Steve glances down, registering the movement, and reaches a hand behind himself, into the triangle of void space between the small of his back and the wall. Bucky can hear purring.
“Yes, that’s Clintten, he knows what he did, just keep him contained for a second,” Tony waved vaguely toward the nearest sofa, already on his way to fetch a broom.
Natasha was mostly very well behaved and content to stick to Bucky like a four-legged cocklebur, but she had been involved in
"No, not likely, but it's always good to make sure," agreed Tony. "But what we really need to discuss is if we're gonna let Pete watch the experiment. I mean, obviously we'd have to make sure he couldn't hear the trigger words, but you know he's gonna want to watch it."
Making his way back down the hall, Peter paused outside the door to the master bedroom. From what he could tell, Dad was
"Oh yeah," Tony said emphatically. "Oh, he would've had you work for it, of course. Had you stand at attention while he walked around you, checking you out like a drill sergeant, making sure you were worthy enough to be allowed to date me. But once he decided that you were okay he would've become like your best friend. As long as you continued to behave."
His legs completely numb, Steve stumbled, crouching down onto the ground as he reached for the ashes that used to be his oldest friend. He looked up at Thor, tears already welling in his eyes.
"Tony," Steve whispered, his fingers slowly threading into Tony's hair as he turned his head, his lips brushing across Tony's cheek as Tony shifted so he could kiss him properly, nearly sobbing once they finally connected. Steve's lips were dry, chapped, and swollen, but it was still one of the best kisses that Tony had ever had in his life because Steve—his
And not just the chilly kind of cold, the kind that would prompt him to put on a sweatshirt or jacket, or cuddle up with Tony under a blanket.
"Oh, come on, you think they're really gonna care?" Tony demanded. "When it comes down to it, you really think that's gonna matter at all? A HYDRA-controlled government official already tried to wrangle the Armed Forces Committee into confiscating my suits way back when, so what would stop them from just doing that again? Absolutely
The storage compartment made, Tony leaned back, raking a nervous hand through his hair. He had often wondered what he might say to Mr Jarvis if he ever got the chance to speak to him again, and now that he sort of had the chance he found himself too choked up to say anything.
Mr Stacy's eyes narrowed as he held eye contact with Peter, almost daring him to look away. "A private organisation," he finally said. "With no oversight."
"Nine!" said Sam. Goosebumps pebbled down Tony's arms as he heard the word twice, in Russian from the colonel and from Sam in English.
"No, please don't," he whispered. He breathed in, pressing his lips to Tony's hand again as tears stung his eyes. "Just let me appreciate you."
Tony opened one eye, looking so fondly at Peter that Steve's heart nearly melted. "Well, good," he said softly. "They feeding you enough over there in that palace, bud?"
But, Peter was managing. They were all managing, because they all had each other to lean on. Along with his arm-wrestling sessions, Peter was also accompanying Papa on most of his morning runs—sometimes with Uncle Sam as well—and joining him in the exercise room at the base, where he and Peter would spend hours driving their gloved fists into a hanging canvas bag filled with sand. Besides helping Peter discover the limits of his strength and endurance, it was just a lot of fun to be able to be out and about again.
"From what we've seen," Steve agreed. "But if you're right, that would definitely tie our government in with HYDRA, and if it's true… that just opens a whole new can of worms."
"P-Pete!" Dad sputtered as he lunged for Peter, wrapping him in his arms as Papa's long arms curled around them both, hugging them to his strong, broad chest. "Oh, Christ, Pete, you're here! You're okay! Oh God, we have
For how different Steve and Tony were, they were very much alike in all of the ways that mattered most, not the least of which was their absolute devotion to their son. If anyone could understand Steve's need to physically see for himself that Peter was all right, it was Tony.
Tony picked up his coffee cup, draining over a third of the lukewarm liquid as he frantically searched for one of his own papers. "We've been using celestial coordinates to try and nail down the anchor point for the GPS system, right?"
And while Tony knew that Steve would say the same thing about him and Peter, to Tony, it wasn't quite the same.
"Um… okay," Ned said, confused. "They've always been that way, but whatever." He jerked his head towards the front of the class where an unfamiliar girl was sitting, her long blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail and her back ramrod-straight, listening intently to the teacher drone on about lab deposits and lunch schedules.
He tried to look away as Tony flexed his hand, flinching and hissing in pain when Tony gently tugged on the middle finger. It had been hurting for about the last thirty minutes, which probably meant that—
They’re all back at Ma’s house in Brooklyn, likely being fussed over as she passes out noise-makers and sparklers like it’s New Year’s Eve, ordering them all to cheer themselves hoarse for her ‘Steven’, or else.
“Absolutely not,” Bucky weighs in on that one. He crosses the living room and sits on the carpet in front of Steve. All he can see through the hole is a suggestion of sleek, black fur in the shadows. “Context would be fantastic, by the way.”
Tony shuddered so hard he nearly lost his footing, and took two staggering steps back from the windows. Away from the unthinkable what-ifs, from the cracked masonry and armies of cranes that whispered to him of blood and failure.
“Captain! You can’t just announce a lady’s age like that!” Tony clutched at his chest in mock horror, then turned and leaned down to place a consoling hand on Penny’s shoulder. “Don’t listen to him, sweetheart, you don’t look a day over two.”
He did try to go back to bed, but Tony was a restless sleeper at the best of times, and mid-morning naps were pretty much impossible without at least thirty-six waking hours to wear him down first.
“Shhhhh, nobody knows. The whole damn country does not throw up a fuss when I get older, it’s glorious.”
Bucky broke the silence. “Welp. I had a speech planned but it was shit anyway. Happy Birthday.” He gave Steve one last metal-handed smack on the rear, raising the count to ninety-eight, and made his exit. The jerk.
about viral videos. He knows that sometimes they have sequels, and very rarely they are the start of something long and consistently successful, but most often it’s just the one video that gets a lot of attention, and then the person or people responsible are unlikely to be heard from again on any large scale.
This is important, because Steve hasn’t answered his texts, which means Steve probably hasn’t looked at his phone, which means Bucky is in danger of seeing Steve’s person’s junk, and that’s just not how he wants to meet the newest member of his family.
“The fuck you what now?” Tony mumbled, still scratching absently at a spot on Penny’s flank. “Says who?”
“Naw, Cap, I promise, this is normal. She’s been living in the gutter. She’s seen some shit. She just needs to reset, and for now that takes a nice safe bolt hole and all of the naps ever. In a couple more days she’ll be rested up and following you around like a baby duck.”
Tony’s eyes fall shut, his back arches, he’s making biscuits in the air and he’s purring and he does not give a single shit, because this is the part of cat life that makes the rest worth it, this is what he lives for. Steve’s fingers are making huge, slow circles behind his ear, around the base of his skull, down the side of his neck,
“Well,” Steve said, hands planted on his hips. He paused a half second for Clint to collect himself slightly. “That was a little more aerodynamic than I thought it would be.”
.” Steve squints a little harder. “Any time from now on that it’s a little too obviously actually you--or me, or anybody who wants to get in on it--in one of your videos, your fans are just going to take that as endorsement from actual Avengers of what you’re doing here. No more well-meaning Cap fans --such as my own dumb ass--claiming that you’re insulting a national icon, because
“I’m not dead!” The Captain chuckled, with quiet enthusiasm. “Believe me, there is nobody who could possibly be more surprised by that than I was. Even Tony. I’d been in that library for almost
There in the hall, crowded around the doorway, were Steve, Clint, Natasha, Sam, and Thor. All looking distinctly bipedal and not at all feline. And, for some reason, dressed in scrubs.
even, Jesus, fuck magic--that Strange had asked them all to wear when they went on his errands. In case of
Calm, suave, and smooth, Tony leaned back against the bench, looked away, and stuffed his mouth full of sandwich so that no regrettable declarations could sneak out before his brain came back online. Not that he wouldn’t
“...oh,” Tony froze for a moment, and seemed to shrink in on himself a little. “I didn’t...I mean, I don’t know. She’s yours.”
the kind of thing the real Captain America would do; none of those people have the slightest idea he’s been flaunting that side of himself in front of oblivious strangers.
Steve thinks about it for a second, then twists backwards to look at the cat over his shoulder. “Mr. President?” he tries.
Edwin Jarvis stepped back and surveyed the contents of the sink with a sigh. He’d performed any number of unusual, complex, and startling tasks and errands since the Master had invited his little troupe of world-savers to the mansion, one would think he’d be used to it by now. Not that he minded, he was rather fond of them all, and they were so
Steve twirled this one in his fingers for a moment, getting a better feel for its heft. He smiled down at Penny, whose enthusiasm was through the roof again, previous transgressions forgotten.
A pair of little blond pigtails bounced as their owner looked up at once from her pre-breakfast coloring and rounded obediently on Tony.
Tony had been there for Bruce’s unfortunate explanation at breakfast--bleary and scruffy and drowning himself in coffee as usual, but definitely present. He’d had an odd, conflicted expression on his face when Steve had scanned the room as the team was realizing what Bruce had unwittingly suggested. Tony was never what Steve would call an open book, but it tended to be a little easier to get a glimpse at a page when his caffeine reserves were low, and as muddled and complex as the emotions he was showing looked to be, Steve had been pretty sure he recognized them. Tony wasn’t the only one who sometimes felt a bit off-balance when an opportunity came up to be, well, silly again.
“Tony?” Steve tries. The cat looks up at him, and gives the same low, almost mournful mew. Steve reaches out a hand.“Hey, Tony. Are you Tony?”
It’s not just that the viewers don’t know (and they don’t; it’s adorable, they go on for paragraphs sometimes praising his attention to detail and lauding the little ways his “character” is “subtly different from the real Cap”). It’s that
“Ollie ollie oxenfree?” he called out, experimentally. “C’mon kiddos, I’ve fallen and I can totally get up but I kind of don’t want to. Sound off! Cap? Clint? Nat? Sam? I’ll take Sam. I’d take Bucky, if he was here. Hello?”
, Clint!” Steve threw his hands up. “I keep trying to bring it up and find out for sure, but I get three words into mentioning my…” Steve faltered, talking about sexuality so frankly still felt improper, “...my preferences, and he bolts. We used to be such good friends. I don’t know what else it could be.”
His echo-location efforts were only a few degrees off, and he spots Steve at once, sitting on the living room floor (fully clothed) next to some kind of cardboard monstrosity. Steve has built this, clearly, it’s a mass of duct tape and wood pulp: old moving boxes left over from their last move,  and product-cartons that look like they’ve been brought up from the shop, all with holes in varying shapes and sizes hacked out of their sides. It’s strapped together into a shape that might slightly resemble a castle, if castles often listed dangerously to the right and sagged in the middle. It’s even got ramparts, in places.
There were nerves under that confidence, and some of Jarvis’s suspicions receded, just a bit. He took a seat, on the sofa across from the Captain. After a few moments of pointed silence, the Captain took the hint, and began.
He’d done a pretty good job of avoiding being alone with Steve, over the course of almost an entire week, which was some truly record-breaking self denial on his part. Granted, the previous week or so, since Penny, had also been pretty light on the Steve-contact, but Steve hadn’t made him
“Oh my god, you thought I hated you,” Tony tangled both hands in his own hair and fell back against the wall of books. His eyes flicked back and forth as if scanning images only he could see. Reviewing memories of the last few weeks in a new light, probably. “Holy shit, I’ve outdone myself, this is, that is awful, what the fuck. You thought I
Clint, looking faintly amused out the corner of Steve’s eye, copied along, turning his own attention to the furry sphere tucked back into the deepest shadows. “She appears to be sleeping.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve had replied evenly, narrowing his eyes at the room and backing into a corner. “I’m sure everyone here is a reasonable adult.”
Tony drew back and looked away, his body language going falsely casual. Desperately nonchalant. “I thought you were with Clint.”
But Tony was already gone, jetting straight up from behind their temporary cover, ready to draw fire.
Bucky hits a button on the remote with emphatic confidence, which turns on the TV, so now he’s halfway there. It being the case that Steve has been alone in the apartment for the last four days, the local news immediately begins to play. Bucky intends to ignore it while he decodes the rest of the remote, but a familiar face catches his eye on screen--he’s got his mouth half-open to tease Steve the way he always does when that particular rich inventor is on the news, but then he actually reads some of the words on screen, and his smile fades.
Tony lurched awake, struggling to draw breath past the familiar fingers of clammy fear. The sheets were twisted around him, drenched in sweat. Details of the dream were fading fast, and already he was unsure of whether it’d been the darkness of space or of the cave that he’d been so desperate to escape. He struggled free of the sheets until he could sit up, and scrubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands.
, the jarring clang of his toes skimming the tip of the tower and that split second of absolute certainty that he’d fucked it up and knocked himself off course.
And for years after, whenever Jarvis served the Captain a hot drink, be it tea, coffee, or cocoa, it always came with a dessert fork in place of a teaspoon.
Because, for whatever reason, Tony rounded the end of one of his favorite shelves, in his own library, in his own home, and looked out the window at the cloudless sky and the Empire State Building and a hot knife of pure terror jammed itself right through his chest. He looked out over the city and remembered that skyline as it had skimmed past his peripheral vision at ungodly speed, the g-forces dragging him into the front plates of the suit as he’d struggled to force the missile
Steve gave a mental shrug. If Tony wanted to walk Penny, that was fine. Good, actually. It’d be good for them to get to know each other.
Bucky advances on him, slowly, until he’s almost touching Tony’s forehead with the tip of one silver finger. Tony tips his head back and gets a good look at the layout of the palm plates, and feels every hair on his body stand on end.
“Dating you must be a lot of fun for him, then,” Steve deadpanned back, rising to follow Clint to the door.
The day they’d brought Penny home, reactions had been mixed. There had been a common theme of surprise, some enthusiasm, some caution. Bruce had seemed lukewarm but in favor, Thor had been as enthused as ever but quickly reigned himself in when cautioned to be gentle. Steve wasn’t too good at reading Natasha, yet, but she’d given Penny a considering once-over and then turned a pointed look toward Clint, who appeared to have gone all melted inside and promptly “volunteered as tribute” for any and all dog questions and situations. Tony had vanished the moment Steve’s back was turned.
The entire clip is barely twenty seconds long: filmed with a cell phone, the video opens on a tight shot of a brand-new StarkTab lying on a kitchen counter. Then, Steve’s hand drifts into frame, one finger outstretched to punch the power button with exaggerated deliberateness. As the tablet powers on, the camera zooms in close on one of the many icons on the home screen. The next few seconds consist of rapid jump-cuts from one icon to the next, shown at increasingly odd angles and absurdly close zoom, accompanied by a splattering of question marks and Steve’s own voice making incoherent, helpless noises. Finally, a last jumpcut to a shot of the empty living room. A beat passes, then the tablet flies into frame from below (as if thrown by the camera person) spinning like a frisbee and making a perfect, graceful arc into the wastebasket by the bookshelf on the far side of the room. Steve’s hand appears in the corner of the frame giving a thumbs-up, and bright yellow text spelling “20 POINTS” overlays the shot, filling the screen.
is living his life grafted to a machine that came out of the brain of Justin Hammer and Tony will not have it, this is not okay, this is incalculably not okay. And, that, there, Tony can read it now: the patch on Bucky’s shirt says
Steve sighs heavily, which earns him a kiss to the temple, but no absolution. “I’m such a bad liar, I’m a bad truther, too.”
That was Steve’s voice, probably, maybe, it came from the general direction of where he’d seen a blond pile of muscles, anyway, which had looked too big to be Clint and too calm to be Thor.
Steve nodded sharply, staring at the floor. “Fixed the classified part. Fixed the dead part. Now I just need him to come home and show me his
“You’re not my Ma,” he grouses instead, but sets his phone face down next to his breakfast. He gives Bucky some fantastically sceptical elevator-eyes, and asks: “Going in to the station like that?”
“Well,” Tony began, leaning back on the doorframe and running a hand through his hair, “Her name is Penny.”
“Not at present, Captain,” the AI replied smoothly. “Miss Rogers is currently on the communal floor, and seems disinclined to follow my summons back to the elevator.”
“Yep. Sure. I have definitely slept,” Tony groped for a mug in the cabinet, initially coming up with one emblazoned with Steve’s shield and then very studiously putting it back. “That is absolutely a thing I’ve done.”
Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Look...it’s complicated. I’m having a lousy week. I’m gonna let you get out of here, just, for the record, it’s. It’s good. I’m glad you have each other. You’re good together. Just take care of him, okay? And the dog. Now get out of my house and go have fun.”
Clint eyed him up, apparently debating the merits of running for his life, but instead eventually said, “...are you talking about the word ‘gay’?”
“Yes, and you’ve taught her that she can run to the end of the leash at mach three and you and your scientifically-impossible rotator cuffs won’t budge an inch,” Tony complained, rolling his shoulder out again, melodramatically. Steve showed no sympathy.
“Stop me if I’ve got it wrong,” Tony begins, “It seems like this experience has been very freeing for you, because everyone expects Captain America to be a sort of serious figure. Paragon of Virtue and Responsibility and all that. People love you, but they think of you as sort of...sober.”
Steve grinned, which Tony couldn’t see, but he could feel it where Steve’s face was pressed against his neck. “Just name him something else, okay? I already have enough trouble with you-no-not-you-Steve-U-the-robot-you. There’s only room for one Steve in this house.”
“Cap to the bone, huh?” Tony teased. Steve licked his own shoulder a few times and settled back in, twisting himself partly upside-down. Tony gasped softly. “Oh, I’m doomed, you’re too cute. You have to stop that, babe, it’s not fair.”
“I jumped to the stupidest possible conclusion--” Tony jammed his toothbrush back into the holder, sending it rattling.
He hadn’t quite managed to steal any before Steve had seen what he was up to, and in his alarm he forgets how his mouth works and fails to lap any up before Steve is already across the kitchen and Tony’s off his feet again, dangling awkwardly with all his legs sticking straight out in midair. Rude. And now Steve’s wetting a tea towel in the sink, he’s going to wipe Tony’s face--Tony hastily starts licking his chops, desperate to get at least that one scrap of blessed caffeine before Steve can take it away. He grumbles about it, his annoyed-cat noises muffled behind the towel, but there’s nothing he can do to stop Steve--at least, not without lashing out at him, and that’s, that’s not happening.
“Nnnnno?” Steve’s voice rose until he was pretty sure only Penny heard the end of the word. “That was only me. Clint was just helping. Because I didn’t know that was a thing I could do, until he told me.”
Just when he’d bent over to help Dum-E find something that had rolled under a cabinet (to the best of his ability to understand what the robot was trying to tell him with beeps and gestures), he felt the sudden sharp snap of the flat of someone’s palm against his upraised ass. Steve twisted to peer up from under his own arm, startled, to see Tony already sitting cheekily atop a workbench, smirking through a mouthful of lunch.
“Oh dear,” Jarvis eventually managed, clearing his throat slightly. He tried to keep his tone neutral, but a hint of accusation slipped through. “Wherever did you find
to tell the team. To have this thing that Clint had promised, the acceptance and support he was supposed to be allowed in the 21st century. And he’d gotten it, mostly, from Clint and Bruce and Nat and Thor, but Tony…
He’d gone to the latest Batman film with Bruce, and argued with him for days about whether the character of Bruce Wayne was based on Tony--sure, Batman comics had been in print since before Tony had been born, but Tony would like to submit to the court that Christian Bale’s version felt a lot closer to home than previous incarnations of the Dark Knight. Bruce was unimpressed. Or possibly just liked goading Tony.
After a moment Steve takes a deep breath as if to calm himself, and starts making soothing noises, shushing at the computer as if that’s going to calm the tide of viewers. His hand waves at the youtube window in a “settle down” motion. He closes the laptop, shushes it some more, pats the case, then picks it up and slips it into a bookshelf between an enormous leatherbound collection of Sherlock Holmes stories and a similarly august-looking edition of
So it’s not really weird that the team doesn’t know, because why would they? There’s plenty of people on the internet making jokes about Avengers; no reason for them to have heard of this one.
When Steve had come out to the team over breakfast, Tony had eventually managed to paste on a smile and cough up a “good for you.” Perhaps not the most enthusiastic reaction at the table, but positive.
The group of rogue sorcerers they’d been fighting that day had set off the spell that caused Tony’s “purple-out” moment as a failsafe in case of compromised plans. That much was consistent with Tony’s understanding of what he’d seen. However, the effect of the spell had not been “turn all enemy combatants into cats, allowing us to flee,” as Strange rather sarcastically pointed out that Tony had assumed, but rather “transport everyone within a given radius to a safe location where we will have the upper hand.”
Clint let out a fresh wheeze of delight, which Steve tried to ignore (along with the tell-tale feeling of his ears and neck heating up) in favor of whistling for Penny to come back.
Jarvis stood stupefied in an utter panic for no less than forty-five seconds, at the minimum. Had he somehow left it out, in this room?! Tony would be appalled. No, that was impossible, it never left Tony’s room, the team would see it, he’d never live it down, so he kept the dear old thing to himself. Had it been on Tony’s bed, then, perhaps with the door cracked? Maybe the Captain had glimpsed it, and thought it amusing...?
“How?” Steve moans, slouching forward to put his head in his hands. Tony rubs his back consolingly. “I told the truth!”
Bucky raised an eyebrow at him. “Stark. Care to tell me why fifty pounds of kibble showed up here an hour before you did?”
By the time Steve looks up from this performance, Bucky has figured out how to change the TV over to YouTube, and is laboriously typing out a search for cat-tree tutorials, depressing newscasts successfully banished. Tony’s a weird cat, but he’s a good distraction.
Clint’s boyfriend!” Steve held his hands up, horrified. “Clint’s a nice fella, but no. No. No thank you.”
“He’s not after your man, Stark,” Bucky laughed, clearly repeating himself from an earlier conversation.
“Well I hoped not, you seemed like a good guy so far, but you are from grandpa times,” Clint gave an apologetic shrug. “That doesn’t always go so good.”
Like old times, except that now in their little collection of broken people, some of their breakage had come from each other.
Coffee, breakfast, Bruce. Steve had wondered whether his checkered past with Tony would protect his backside on that front, and also wondered whether he wanted it to. It’d be a good sign if Tony joined in, wouldn’t it?
The car Steve had parkour’d over had pulled up along the sidewalk--double parked, but who’s counting--and Steve had spent all of the time it took Tony to catch up with him leaning into the passenger window, talking intently with the driver. No doubt making sure everyone was all right, probably giving them his insurance information for good measure, just in case that footprint in the hood didn’t pop out neatly with a light tap. Tony couldn’t hear any angry voices, as he got closer, but there was something oddly tense about Steve’s posture.
Within about an hour they were over the bridge and standing in a small, dog-friendly park in Bed-Stuy that Clint had described as “his favorite.” Steve bent to unclip Penny’s leash once they were inside the fence, and when he stood back up, Clint was grinning at him.
“Why do you want to yell at Natasha?” Clint asked flatly, “That’s usually considered suicide, by everybody who isn’t me.”
“Only one, Cap, I promise,” Bruce swore, hand on his heart but a grin on his face. “I did start it, I had to participate.”
“Ninety-nine,” Tony announced softly. He raised the other hand, brought it down just the same. “One hundred.”
Most of the books Tony actually liked to read were stored at ground level, in the free-standing shelves between the entrance and the windows. If it hadn’t been for Pepper, he probably would’ve just kept digital copies on his local servers for easy access from any screen in the tower. But, needing to fill all the shelf space had given him an excuse to get well-worn old copies of Tolkien and Niven and Asimov and Adams and before he knew it he had three whole rows where the only shared category was “the ones Tony likes.”
Tony holds up a finger in a wait-and-see gesture, grinning deviously. “They didn’t believe it was your channel. But what they do believe is that you’re
Tony stood frozen, half-reaching for the chaos that had already resolved. After a second, he slowly lowered his arms, breathing through the adrenaline spike and willing his racing heart to settle down. Calmly, like an important adult person who’s seen much scarier things than somebody’s last-model sedan, he made his way to a crosswalk, waited for the light the way sane people do, and crossed over to Steve’s apparent new favorite side of the street.
“So he goes home, and we get our own cat. Or we could conduct an elaborate gaslighting campaign to convince all of our friends that we have the world’s shyest pet and he’s just hiding whenever they come over.”
“What the fuck?” he breathed, giving voice to his current opinion on life, “What happened? Anybody there? Comms on?”
The shot punches in dramatically on the view count for “Captain America Learns to Use a Tablet Computer Correctly,” the subscriber count for ALLCAP, the tiny icon that indicates the video is public, and a few choice comments, with plenty of giant exclamation points superimposed over the footage and strangled noises of terror from Steve. Then it draws back, panning around the room as if casting about for options. Steve’s hand flails hopelessly at the bottom of the frame, held beseechingly palm-up, and his breathing in the background is melodramatically shaky and frightened. A chagrined-looking emoji with a giant sweatdrop flashes briefly over most of the screen.
“Whatever you’re expecting, you won’t see it,” Steve assures him. He sounds...down. Bucky’s eyes open immediately.
“So help me, Clint,” Steve rasped out, wrung dry by the roller coaster of the last few minutes, “If any part of this was a joke, this is your last chance to tell me.”
“I notice you still haven’t said why we have a cat, now,” Bucky points out, once he’s feeling a little more settled.
Penny, who had been watching this exchange avidly, positioned with her nose exactly at face-height, only a few inches away, sneezed enormously.
Tony slumped onto the sofa and let himself make the biggest and saddest eyes he knew how. Steve sighed.
“You...you’re not dead,” Jarvis breathed. This was impossible. This was absolutely, ludicrously, impossible. But then, what had the Master done lately that wasn’t?
Within twenty minutes of Steve’s arrival, the count had skyrocketed from thirty-three to a whopping forty-eight. The total hadn’t climbed so fast since his morning spar with Natasha, and she’d had the excuse of a planned contact activity to grant her opportunities. Tony, on the other hand, turned out to be an apparent master of misdirection. He’d started slowly, taking the time to get Steve’s attention fully reinvested in examining a blueprint or holding a piece of machinery in place after each attack, before seeming to apparate from halfway across the room with another resounding addition to the tally. After a few of those Steve was less inclined to let his guard down, of course, but Tony’s tactics evolved smoothly and rapidly. Distractions assaulted him, coming one after another and faster and faster: an urgent-looking hologram drew his attention to the side, FRIDAY announced an “important incoming message” (which turned out to be the updated total after the corresponding blow landed successfully), a bot whirred by and knocked him off balance, and it all devolved into a merry chase that finally ended with Steve vaulting over a workbench, then dropping to slide under U’s outstretched arm like a runner into home plate, and skidding straight out the workshop door on his much-abused ass.
Word seemed to be spreading, as well. When guests started to arrive in advance of the evening fireworks, Steve thought maybe the team would lay off. But as he walked past Stephen Strange in the common room, the doctor’s cloak whipped out and snapped him across the thighs like a locker-room towel. Stephen either hadn’t done it on purpose, or had a terrifyingly good poker face, and Steve wasn’t sure he wanted to know which. Not ten minutes later there was a pair of odd-feeling impacts, one against each cheek. Steve looked down to spy two balls of webbing rolling away from his feet as a teenaged voice called “Sorry not sorry!” in the distance, and FRIDAY added two more to the count.
“Clint left twenty minutes ago, what are you talking about?” Steve rearranged Penny until she was curled up in his lap, since Tony apparently didn’t want her on him anymore, but stayed where he was.
“Oh, and watch your step around Stark, I’m not sure what crawled up his ass and died but he’s in some kind of
“I got you something,” Clint half-explained, then shrugged. “Well, actually I got Penny something, but you’re the one with thumbs, so you get to keep track of it.” He flipped open the flap of the messenger bag he was carrying and dug out a...thing, and handed it to Steve.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders. Penny, jostled by the shifting, shuffled until she was laying across both of their laps, with her head on Steve’s thigh. Steve reached down with his free hand to rub her ears.
Steve looked up at him from under his brows, a tiny-half smile sneaking onto his face as understanding dawned. In an instant, he pivoted ninety degrees, whipping his right arm out and down the length of the park in a familiar wrist-flicking arc.
“No,” Steve said flatly, propping an elbow on his knee and resting his chin in his hand. “Maybe before, but...I don’t think he likes dogs. He stopped coming around to see me after Penny moved in. And.”
He shifted his chair back from the desk and Steve immediately vaulted up to his lap. None of the Catvengers were fond of being picked up, if they could help it, but they’d all proved to be inveterate lap-cats as long as it was their own choice. Tony shuffled around and got one foot up on the opposing knee, making a bigger lap. Steve was big enough that he’d fall off, otherwise.
Tony sighed. “So there’s good...well, no. There’s news.” Tony corrected himself, a little bit nonsensically, but they’d known each other a few weeks and Steve was starting to get a sense for how Tony talked. “It’s mostly bad, really, pretty bad, but, um. There’s been sort of a rush on shelters and things, since the invasion. Like, they’re running out of space, that kind of rush. Because there’s so many lost pets, obviously…” Tony trailed off and waved a hand through the air, vaguely miming an explosion. “Big holes in buildings. Lots of pets got lost. Lots of people looking for them. But, uh.
His lips quirked up into a smile, but his eyes were strangely sad. “I need us to get off on the right foot, though, because you’re very important to Tony, and that’s...that means everything.”
“If we’re still friends, then, I…” he trailed off, but cleared his throat and soldiered on. “You look like you could use a hug?” Steve raised his eyebrows and half-lifted one arm, questioning and offering.
They’re both cooing at him now, Bucky has backed off a few inches and there’s a general chorus of “aw, baby, it’s okay” but Tony’s back is up like a discount Halloween decoration and he Will Not Be Mollified, because that shit is
Tony threw aside the blankets and stomped off across the penthouse again. Natasha was out of town, and Clint and Steve had gone off somewhere to canoodle and play with the dog, and, come to think of it, Thor had ditched them yesterday to go see Jane. That left Tony and Bruce, and he knew Bruce was in the middle of a round of delicate experiments involving petri dishes and live samples and “Tony, I’m serious, don’t even breathe on that” which he’d already had to start over on once because Tony was a gears-and-wires guy and should have maybe done the reading
At a loss, Steve nodded, accepting, and let himself settle back against the shelves, shoulder to shoulder with Tony. Another few seconds of silence passed. This time, Steve spoke up first.
“You...you DO?!” he chokes out after a second. “What, you, stop the presses, oh my god this is incredible, what is it? What, what the
A few days later when he’d walked in on the happy couple sitting hip-to-hip on the common room couch and jointly snuggling the dog, he hadn’t even bolted. Tony had found it in himself to greet them pleasantly, get what he’d wanted out of the fridge, politely decline whatever they’d been trying to ask him, and only then made a dignified retreat.
The anchors have moved on to chat with each other, in that light-but-solemn way that anchors do, about Stark’s history and achievements. “Bridgeport isn’t that big, how...they’ll find him, right?”
Before anyone could pull away from the table, though, Steve cleared his throat to get their attention.
Steve blinked the stunned look off his own face and turned back to the space under the sideboard. “She won’t come out.”
“No no no, Steve, bro,” Clint waved him off, still on the ground and gasping for breath. “Those things are like fifty cents apiece and dogs routinely rip them apart after a few throws, I brought like, twenty. Here.” He dug into his bag again, this time giving Steve a chance to glimpse the edges of many more red plastic discs, and passed a second, identical toy shield to Steve. Penny brightened immediately. “Just go a little easier and she’ll bring it right back to you.”
Tony hunches down, curling his spine like a wound spring; he’s measuring parabolas with his eyes, calculating force and trajectory, wind resistance, gravity. His paws are shuffling on the tile, scooching him to the best spot to launch.
Clint stared for a second, apparently thrown by this turn of events. The lightbulb going off over his head, when it came, was almost visible.
Tony nods, taking that as permission to continue. “Originally the anonymity of your channel kind of gave you a chance to do whatever you wanted without worrying how it’d reflect on your existing persona, yeah? You kind of did an end-run around our PR team there, whether you meant to or not. Props for that, definitely, that’s practically a magic trick and I’m sure someone’ll want to yell at you for it eventually but it won’t be me, I’m impressed. Anyway.
“Do what, fine Sanderson to the full extent of the law for his literal crimes against the safety of his employees? Yes? It’s my job?”
Jarvis laughed. “Well, who am I to argue?” He gestured at the blanket. “Are you finding the house a bit cold?”
want her,” Tony corrected, gently, but brooking no argument. “Have you seen your own face at any point in the last hour? That’s your dog, Cap, I’m not separating a national icon from his dog, I’m pretty sure that’s literally treason.” One corner of his mouth kicked up in a smile. “Not that that would always stop me, but I’ve got to do my civic duty occasionally or they’ll catch on. C’mon, soldier. Grab your dog and let’s get out of here.”
Steve pulled him closer with a sigh, sinking into the intimate pressure on his tenderized rear. He was just starting to really relax, for the first time all day, when a sudden sharp pain snapped him awake. He gave an affronted yelp and reared up. Tony met his startled glare with a shit-eating grin.
“Weaponizing the rugrat, are we?” Tony finally managed. “Dangerous precedent, dear, I’ll remember that.”
Steve drew another long, steadying breath, remaining resolutely seated out of reach of the creature, very carefully not offering it the comfort it seemed to long for. He’d get attached, and it had a chip. This dog had a family, somewhere. Its hurts weren’t his to tend to.
Something catches Bucky’s eye, and he glances down. The cat has finally emerged into the open, and is standing up on its hind feet with its back to them, front paws braced against the edge of the entertainment stand with its nose straining toward the TV screen. Periodically, it gives a loud and strident meow, drowning out the commentary for an instant.
Steve took a few seconds to process that, in his half-asleep state. “Are you asking for permission to keep the Steve cat?”
“Yes,” Clint drew in a deep, fortifying breath. He started to speak a couple times before he apparently decided to rip off the band-aid and just blurted out: “It means homosexual now.”
, from where Tony sat. Steve stared at the archer for a moment, then gave a short, sharp nod of his own, drew a deep breath through his nose, and turned to the team again.
The second video is also short, following a similar style to the first. This time it opens on a shot of his hand holding a cell phone, with the living room out of focus in the background. It’s not his own phone, because he’s using that to film, but rather a spare--an older model, one of many that Tony keeps stashed in their apartment in case he needs something to tinker at. The screen of the phone in the video shows what appears to be a text conversation between himself and Tony. (This conversation is, in fact, fake, and is itself a video--created by JARVIS for the sake of expediency--and all Steve has to do in the moment is try to swipe his thumb along the line of the typing animation as his replies appear.) On the fake phone, a string of heart emojis timestamped as being from yesterday afternoon slowly rolls off the top of the screen as new messages appear.
with several thousand pounds of torque at a moment’s notice--until everyone had all their fingers and toes and IQ points back.
“Ninety-year-olds typically get so mad about, uh, people being open, that they just sock their nearest friend?”
“I don’t know what happened,” Steve mumbles. “I was there every day, for hours. I even went back at sunset, yesterday, in case I had the time backwards. I was--it was
Tony opened his mouth, and snapped it closed again. He considered yelling at Clint some more. He considered just saying
Steve kept his thoughts to himself as the elevator rose, and exited, per JARVIS’s directions, toward the library. He didn’t call for Penny; it never seemed polite to wander around shared areas shouting, no matter who was home. That being the case, the scene that greeted him as he slipped into the library and started scanning corners for his wayward pet was as candid and unguarded as it was utterly unexpected.
He took a deep breath, scrubbed his hands over his face, and did what he always did, these days, if his thoughts had started spiraling in dark directions: he whistled for Penny. A good game of tug-of-war and a little friend to cuddle on the couch while he caught up on “classic” movies would take his mind off Tony.
“Ugh, there’s this one guy called ALLCAP,” Tony starts and it’s a good thing he’s not looking at Steve because this is not going as planned, and Steve is pretty sure his guileless facade is shot. “He’s posting parody videos where he pretends to be you, and I’ll be honest, the impression is pretty credible, except he’s playing you off as being completely hopeless with anything digital or even electronic and I’m so over it, I filed him under ‘offensive and unacceptable’ for legal but he’s being a dick about it and I swear to god this is the last straw, he can’t be all shitty at you and then
Steve hobbled off from that encounter with as much dignity as he could muster, and headed straight to sparring with Natasha. It was always hard to guess if Nat would get involved in these kinds of games, but she’d seemed to take to the idea of this one, and by the end of their session he was up to a solid sixteen and stinging like hell.
Even before the fateful day at the park, Steve had dared to imagine, just once or twice, what it would be like if Tony were like him. At the time, Steve had pictured a secret tryst, rushed encounters behind locked doors. He’d mostly kept a lid on those thoughts, though. They hadn’t been worth the risk.
Steve shifted a little closer, almost subconsciously. “It makes for a nice change,” he agreed, watching the way Tony watched him. God, he must have been blind not to see it before.
“He means you,” Steve says to someone, fondly. “You gonna run for it? No? Well, that’s your choice.” He laughs again. “You can look, Buck, you won’t be traumatized, I promise.”
They were on their way back from one of Tony’s favorite delis, just a few blocks from the tower. Tony was laughing, hard enough to bust a gut, because good god, who decided to allow Steve Goddam Rogers to just say things like
The dog hadn’t panicked or struggled at any point so far, merely going limp whenever anyone touched it. It seemed to trust humans; it must have been well-kept at some point in the past. In fact, the girl who’d checked it over when they’d first arrived (using a wand-like device that was probably terribly archaic, judging by the face Tony had made at it) had found an implanted microchip with a serial number. Someone had owned and cared about this dog, once. She’d gone out to the front of the office to run the number for contact information, and after a few moments Tony had followed.
“No!!” Tony threw both arms around Steve’s neck and hugged him very tightly, if from an awkward angle, just for a moment. Then he backed off, leaving his hands on Steve’s shoulders. “Never, Steve. You’re my goddamn favorite, I could never hate you. And the B stands for Bisexual, not Bigot, thanks.”
The faint sound of absent-minded whistling preceded Tony into the room, and then trailed off abruptly. Steve spun on his heel, toward the sound, only to find Tony frozen in place, paused in the act of straightening his jacket, lips still pursed, in mid-stride.
The three of them settled into an easy exploration of the park, Steve and Clint wandering the paths to Clint’s preferred shady corners and slinging the frisbee out for Penny every time she brought it back. The fresh air eased an ache in Steve’s lungs that he hadn’t realized he was carrying, just as watching Penny’s carefree excitement helped to chase the cobwebs from his mind. Having Clint there to chat with made the unfamiliar public space friendly and accessible in a way that such places usually weren’t, so far--except the few favorite haunts Tony had taken him to, before Penny.
Steve launches into one of his familiar rants, and Bucky knows he won’t really have to listen to know what it was about, later, so he doesn’t. He already knows how Steve feels about the guy. He’s got more important things to worry about right now, like how he’s going to change the subject to something less upsetting, without offending Steve and just driving him deeper into a fret about this. It’s not like they’re going to find Tony Stark themselves, so it’d be best not to let Steve dwell on it.
Steve took a steadying breath, willing himself not to get choked up. Tony’s tearful tone wasn’t helping. “I can’t pretend it doesn’t hurt, that you don’t want to be my friend anymore,” he admitted. “But if you’re uncomfortable I’m not going to force you. I hope we can still work together, at least.”
There were Sam’s wings, sprawled in a little furrow of their own, with a scattering of other gear strewn behind them.
It also meant that Penny was officially a registered user in JARVIS’s system, therefore JARVIS stubbornly insisted on addressing her by a “formal” title, as only Penny could change her own designation in the system. Steve strongly suspected this was bullshit, but he couldn’t prove it without asking Tony, and. Well.
“Sounded like fun,” Steve answers. He’s being alarmingly nonchalant. He lays an arm over the nearest corner, causing a minor crumple in a lower layer and dangling his fingers over one of the cutouts. “Misty likes it.”
Steve smiled and shook his head. They’d been working on training Penny to respond to a list of commands from JARVIS, and teaching her how to communicate her needs to JARVIS in return. Ostensibly, the main idea was that JARVIS would be able to move her to the safest possible room and make sure she was fed and otherwise tended in an emergency. In practice, so far, it mostly meant that Penny knew how to call elevators and go on secret adventures to the common floor.
Steve huffed out a breath, catching a backdraft of carpet-scented air, and shifted to work his forearms under his chin. He did not, despite the aggrieved voice of Sarah Rogers in the back of his mind, stand to greet his visitor.
“Ohmygodfuckmylife,” Clint mumbled, closing his eyes almost as if the profanity had been a real prayer. He cleared his throat. “That word doesn’t mean what it used to mean.”
Steve chuckled, electing to forgive the transparent change of subject. “She has strong feelings about birds, and how they all need to be caught and brought to me as soon as she sees them,” he explained. He stepped over into dog-petting range, which was also, as a pure coincidence, much closer to Tony. He settled his hand at the scruff of her neck. “Sometimes that means she pulls on the leash, and since the thing she’s pulling against is me, we figured distributing the force away from her throat was a good idea.”
"Are you ready, sweetheart?" he murmured as he began kissing across the small of Tony's back, his fingers dipping teasingly into his crack.
“If I have to run back to the shop while you’re swimming, I will,” says Dad.  “Don't worry, buddy, yeah?  We’ll make it work.”
"Ant-Man?" Peter asked, surprised. "You mean that tiny guy that Pietro caught trying to sneak into the Compound that one time? That he put inside one of Papa's snack containers?"
"Aw, man! I told you no front row seats!" Bucky groaned as he stepped into the classroom, sliding into the seat next to Steve. "Why'd you gotta pick the front row?"
"Well, you know I always appreciate that," Pepper said with a kind smile, waving her hand towards the door. "Go ahead and grab what you need, and then just send the stockroom supervisor an email with the serial number so they can take it off the stock list, all right?"
he thought, gritting his teeth as he tried to psyche himself up.  Peter had a big debate competition coming up in the next month, the first such competition Steve would get to watch him participate in.
“The very second we’ve shipped out the last of our outstanding orders, I want you to power down all of the assembly lines assigned to weaponry,” Tony said.  “All of ‘em.  You got that?”
That explanation made a lot more sense, but somehow didn't help Peter feel any better. Papa had been missing for almost a month, and if this was what HYDRA had been doing to him all that time, then—
Steve reached for Tony's hand across the table. "I do know, Tony. My ma's life didn't end up going the way that she'd planned either."
"Yeah, babe, he's in his room, probably still whining to Gwen about how not awesome we are," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "I sent him out of here once the news broke."
And while Tony was rather used to having to take care of things on his own, the fact that Senator Davis had recently been appointed to the Armed Services Committee—and rather suspiciously, if Tony was being completely honest—had meant that the bureaucratic red tape was even thicker than usual. Senator Davis seemed to thoroughly enjoy making Tony's job as difficult as possible.
"All right," Tony said, clearing his throat. "All pilots of the Phoenix aircraft, let's do a comm check."
A pregnant pause followed Tony’s proclamation, the air growing almost stiflingly thick as Obie’s expression hardened even further.
"What does that mean?" snapped Steve. "Please excuse my tone, Colonel, but I would very much appreciate it if you could explain yourself right now. Sir."
“You're damn right, we do, Agent,” Rhodey said, his eyes twinkling as he smiled at Carol, who Tony had to admit was a very, very attractive young woman.
of Sam's Falcon wings. He got to his feet, tucking Peter into a ball right next to him as the armour wrapped around his body.
But Peter only shook his head, his eyes so filled with self-loathing that Tony's breath caught. "But—but, I
With a rather proud grin, Tony stuffed the rest of the bread into his mouth as he dragged a second chair over to the counter for Steve. They made idle small talk as they ate, discussing Peter's upcoming school year and Steve's initial plans for their next set of HYDRA raids, which they were hoping to start around the beginning of October, pending James's availability to stay with Peter. As much as Tony had softened towards Bucky after the bunker battle, Tony wasn't to the point yet where he felt comfortable leaving Peter alone in the Tower with him.
More tears poured down Peter's cheeks as he clung to his father, his mind racing with all the horrible ways that HYDRA could make his papa suffer for trying to destroy them.
"All right, I think that's the game," Steve said, brushing the snow from the front of his ski jacket. "Whew, little guy! You're pretty good at this game!"
"Colonel Rhodes might've mentioned something to me about your boy this morning," he said, as if he'd read Tony's mind. "And it's not pity, Tony. Dare I say that it's actual, genuine concern."
"Yeah?" Tony said, and Steve was relieved to hear the slight quiver in his voice, grateful he wasn't the only one who was nervous. "You clean up pretty nice there yourself, Captain."
But then again, Bruce had never been one for hyperbole, and so if he was willing to vouch for Dr Strange, and completely overlook the fact that producing glowing teleportation circles wasn’t part of any medical school curriculum that Steve had ever heard of, then Steve supposed he would just have to trust Bruce's judgement.
when he had to do that, as it felt very manipulative to him and always ended with him having to yell at Tony. But he needed Tony to stay as healthy as possible, both for his own sake and for Steve and Peter's.
"Yes, well, I'd agree that it's a fairly accurate description," O'Brien said. "One that I know I'll never forget, as I'm sure your mother won't as well."
" Peter said firmly. "You didn't know what you were doing, I know it. I know it because I saw it through both your eyes
"Well, good, then you can help me make dinner," Papa said with a rather cheeky smile. "How does mac and cheese with some homemade french bread sound?"
Kudos and comments give me life!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment! 😊
Tony frowned when he heard what sounded a lot like Peter either crying or giggling into his elbow, he couldn't quite tell which.
"This, ladies and gentlemen, is the X-302." An excited murmur rose up from the assembled pilots, and Tony's grin widened as Mr Muscles in the front row actually licked his lips.
"Oh c'mon, that's just bullshit and you know it," Tony muttered. "You may be able to stay awake for a couple days at a time, but even you aren't at your best when you're tired, and honey? Trust me, you're tired. I'm pretty sure the bags under your eyes are big enough to travel the world for at least a year, so please, just come to bed?"
"Eh, not really," said Carol. "But no big deal. I'll start my search in your solar system and go from there."
"No," Steve said firmly as he shifted Tony onto his lap, cursing the fact that he was still wearing pants. He brushed his lips across Tony's in a soft kiss, gliding his palms up and down the soft, olive skin of his back and sides. "No apologies, okay? We're here now, and that's all that matters."
“Steve, maybe you're making a bigger deal out of this than you should,” Natasha says.  “I mean, who knows?  Maybe the dad will meet you and decide that he doesn't want you anywhere near his kid?”
Gwen took a step forward, her expression morphing into sympathy as she placed her hand on Peter's arm. "I
"I gotta get back to Liz's house," he muttered, his teeth chattering as the cold from the ice started to seep through his suit, chilling him down to his very bones. Groaning, Peter pushed himself up to a sitting position, and was just about ready to attempt to stand when something off to the side of the lake caught his eye, and another freezing-cold bolt skittered down his spine.
"No, no, no, no, no," he chanted under his breath as he skidded to a stop next to his beloved boy, tapping him on the cheek with his palm as he shined the beam of his handlamp across the generator panel that powered Peter's overnight oxygen, a strangled noise escaping his throat when he saw that the hose connecting the panel to the mask was loose.
He was actually still surprised that Dad had agreed to allow him back into the Stacy home after that. Of course, Chief Stacy did assist with Papa's rescue from the HYDRA bunker, so there was that. Dad had also recently extended the range of the Tower's defence drones to reach Gwen's house, which, combined with the two security guards stationed outside by the front steps, was probably just enough to keep Dad calm enough to get through the Avengers' debriefing.
"Ah, if I may, Captain," said Dr Strange. "It would be much faster for me to simply create another portal."
"Yeah, okay, but I'm sure we're not going through all of this to get out there and then not have a way to get back," said Bucky. "So why don't we just get on with it, okay?"
"How's Pete doing?" Tony asked, Steve's heart fluttering at how casually the question fell from Tony's lips. Like they hadn't just spent the entire last year lost in an endless pit of grief and despair.
After exchanging pleasantries with the newsstand owner, Steve and Sam headed out onto the street, bustling with its usual New York City foot traffic. Several people recognised Steve as they passed, which likely meant that his photograph would wind up being printed in at least one of the magazines that he always saw displayed in the grocery store checkout lanes. Again.
Once again Wanda's eyes filled with fear, and she glanced down at her hands, twisting them as flashes of bright red light sparkled between her fingers. Peter instinctively gulped and stepped back; apparently she was the one who had caused him to have that horrible vision where he saw Dad and Papa's graves, and saw Gwen fall to her death.
Steve shook his head, curling his shoulders in as Tony let out an exaggerated sigh, his fingers threading through Steve's hair.
The next file was long, so long that Peter's fingers were practically frozen solid by the time he'd finished typing it out. He rubbed at his throbbing temples, sliding his glasses as he started to read.
After a quick stop off in their room so Tony could change and brush his teeth, they were off. Steve's childhood home was only about fifteen minutes from the base, set in one of the neighbourhoods on the opposite end of town from where Tony had grown up. Steve had explained that his mother and father had moved into their house only a few weeks before Joseph Rogers was killed, wanting to be closer to the hospital since Sarah had had a few minor complications during her pregnancy. The closer proximity had turned out to be a good thing for Steve as well, with his severe breathing attacks getting both worse and more difficult to treat as he got older.
"Hmm," Tony said with a smirk. "I'm sure you could entice me, a hot, sweet guy like yourself. And I'm also sure that something like a blowjob would only add to that enticement."
"He's told me some," Tony said softly. "Mainly about how his ma managed to keep him alive for eighteen years on sheer determination, and a bit about how much the procedure hurt, but… no. He hasn't told me much about how he was before."
“All right.  Since you're already familiar with Colonel Rhodes here, Obie, we’ll move on.”  Releasing Steve’s hand, Tony moved over to Bucky, clapping him carefully on his right shoulder.  “This is Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, U.S. Army Special Forces, honourably discharged due to injury.  In his almost nineteen years of impeccable Army service, Sergeant Barnes served five tours under the leadership of Captain Rogers, the last of which was cut short due to his severe, career-ending injury, for which he received the Purple Heart medal.”
a few hours ago, so don't you try and tell me that you're just fine all of a sudden, because there's no way in hell that's possible!"
"All right, JARVIS, can you please tie that drone's camera to my computer screen?" Peter asked as he slipped on his glasses.
"Yes. Yes, that's a good idea," Steve said with a stuttered nod. "I'm—I can grab you an extra cadet's uniform when we get back for you to wear tomorrow, 'cause—"
"Which is exactly how it should be, little guy," Papa said in his Captain's voice. He shot Dad a goofy look before laying his hand across his knee. Papa never liked it when Dad talked about himself like that, which he only tended to do when he was especially stressed out. The debriefing must not have gone very well.
He was silenced by Tony brushing his fingers across his lips, the soft touch nearly causing his knees to buckle.
"Now I know you're not putting me in the middle of all this," replied Rhodey. "'Cause you know how much I love being in the middle of things…"
"You're up early," Steve said as he quickly downed a litre bottle of Powerade, swiping his mouth with his wrist once he was done.
"Mmm, maybe not," grumbled Dad. "But it's apparently perfectly fine for Fury to put Steve in harm's way. Again."
"Hopefully," Peter answered. "I'll still have to ask, but I don't know what excuse they would have for saying no."
to me. And he's hotter than hell, too, I mean, that much is obvious, but… I dunno, it's kinda hard to explain. I just…
version of Steve from the first two videos, replaced now with a Steve who, if Tony didn’t know any better, would say has a pretty big chip on his shoulder.  Aside from shooting some not-so-subtle glares at his Russian opponent, Steve seems to be a lot more nervous here, like he’s actually afraid he’s going to lose.
"At the moment, huh?" Tony said with a grin. He wiggled his ass up against Steve, smirking when a low growl rumbled up from Steve's chest. "Well, just give it a few more and we'll see how you're doing then."
“Okay, so… try and pretend that this is the same thing,” said Peter.  “Pretend that the first time you left D.C., you closed the door tight.  But now, this time you're gonna leave it open just enough to let Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky know they can still check on you.  Does that make any sense?”
"We have a dedicated physician on her way here just for Peter, Miss Stacy, so there's no need to worry about him getting adequate medical care," Dad said tersely as Peter scrabbled futility for a handhold on his armour, trying to make himself as small as possible. All he wanted at the moment was to go home, away from the smoke, away from the fire demon, away from those horrible words trying to overpower his mind.
“Easy, Tiger, you’re okay,” Steve murmurs to it. The low, undulating noise the cat makes in response probably doesn’t mean that his name is Tiger, given the circumstances. Not that Bucky has bought into this experiment, or anything.
It begins with a fairly typical sequence of Steve opening and starting his laptop, cut into a quick montage to save time. Open screen, pressing of power button, asterisks filling password bar, YouTube window opening. All shot as if from Steve’s point of view, just like always, his hands occasionally in frame. The video shows a series of emails, and bits of emails, talking about how great his viewers think it would be if he could meet the real Cap for a video. Then a string of YouTube comments in the same vein. Reddit threads. A couple of tumblr posts.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve says casually one night, leaning over the kitchen counter with his phone in hand and trying desperately not to live up to his reputation as a terrible liar. He crinkles his forehead in what he hopes is a convincing impression of himself being mildly puzzled. “Are your lawyers going after people for making jokes about me on YouTube?”
“Seemed like the thing to do,” Tony huffed, uncurling from around his abused ankle and running both hands through his hair, mussing it up, wiping away that last scrap of board-room-presentability that had snuck home with him. “I mean, you know how it is, sometimes you present a good idea, and sometimes you spend five hours trying to defend a garbage sidegrade to an unimportant susbsystem in a piece of consumer
conversation, though, and Tony’s campaign to make Steve feel at home here and now has worked well enough that he can joke about it.)
“Oh,” Steve turned, smiling himself, pleasantly surprised. “I thought that word must be out of fashion, that’s the first time I’ve heard it here.”
“Buck? What…?” Steve isn’t facing the TV, it’s along the same wall that he’s leaning against, but he can see Bucky’s face and that’s enough to warn him that the news is bad before the anchor repeats enough of what’s on the screen that he, too, goes pale and still.
“Big kitty,” Tony commented, beginning the walk back to the jet. Steve wasn’t too abnormally huge, by cat standards, as far as Tony knew, but he was nearly two of Clint, lanky and leggy and with what seemed like about a mile of tail. His fur was white all over except for the aforementioned “cowl” of orange that covered his ears and the top of his head down to his eyes, plus two large orange splotches on his back and an orange tail striped with white bands.
Whatever. The team knew by now that if they were going to hold Family Breakfast before nine a.m. then they were going to get Critically Low Battery Tony, and it hadn’t stopped them so far. He was fine with only being able to converse in vaguely-disgruntled mumbling, as long as nobody was expecting sparkling wit.
A tiny, white paw with tiny, pink toes flashes out of the hole to swat Steve’s fingers away. Bucky blinks.
he’s told you about the ghost in the library. The soldier? Flew a plane into the ocean at the end of World War II, like a big idiot?”
Tony sat very still, hoping he could blame his shell-shock on his usual morning non-functionality. Really, he was having two more important realizations in quick succession.
“That’s him,” Tony insisted, pointing with the dustpan. “Did I not brief you on this? I thought that’s why you were here.”
“Definitely,” Bucky asserts again. Steve is leaning into his side, almost clinging to him; Bucky deliberately doesn’t call him on it. Not that Bucky objects, but if he pointed it out then Steve might stop, and honestly they could probably both use the support right now.
“Ready?” he asked her, and she wuffed back at him, lurching into an expectant, perfectly-still waiting stance, gaze fixed on the new disc as if to say
“No. Mine. Not yours.” Tony scooped the orange-and-white cat off his friend’s lap and bundled him up in his arms. Sam climbed across Rhodey, determined in his mission. Tony jumped up and stood in the center of the room.
The loose tabs Tony had JARVIS keep on all the tower’s residents quickly showed that Steve had started spending more time with Clint, after Penny happened, which was a relief. Tony’d worried that his early monopolizing of Steve’s time would have made it harder for him to reach out to the others, but he seemed to be getting along all right. So, taking his cue from Steve, Tony had looked for other teammates to drag around town during down time.
The day of the interview arrives, and Steve can hardly contain himself long enough for Fallon to steer the conversation in the direction he’s been waiting for.
Steve’s shield was face-down on the ground, and the shallow bowl it formed was filled halfway to the brim with orange and white fur, as if the cat had been poured in. Tony knelt down and cautiously poked at it. The cat’s head reared up at once, silent but clearly affronted.
Bucky, after the initial shock, had immediately announced that he was keeping Koshkasha and if anybody wanted to say differently he’d meet them in the pit.
Unable to respond to that, Tony allowed himself to be led out of the bathroom and tucked into bed. The perfectly-round puddle of fur he’d been sharing his pillow with for the last few nights had been fun, but it didn’t compare to having a whole entire supersoldier draped over him like a two hundred pound sack of potatoes. Heavy, sure, and more than a bit unyielding, but it was Tony’s favorite way to wake up, bar none.
Bucky laughs, and trades places with Steve to dump out the coffee, rinse his mug in the sink, and pour a fresh cup. Steve takes Tony with him out to the living room, and it’s far away from coffee, but at least he’s still close to Steve.
Steve’s jaw goes tense, his eyes downcast, and Bucky knows that face. He knows most of Steve’s faces by now, and this wasn’t the one he was hoping to see today. Not after Steve had been so sure.
“Puppy??” Tony breathed, aware that his face was doing unacceptable things, (big-eyed, enamored, devastated things) but unable to currently care.
. Tony had spotted him reaching out to hold hands with him at least six times since they’d left the tower, but the poor guy had lost his nerve and aborted the attempt every time. It occurred to Tony that maybe taking some initiative would be a helpful and productive contribution to the proceedings.
“Oh,” Jarvis’s breath caught at that earnest statement. He let his gaze drop, and carefully withdrew his hand, suddenly swamped by old guilt. “I could have done more,” he admitted. Memories of things he hadn’t dared to stop flooded in, accusing and sharp-edged. “I wish--”
Bucky clomps up the stairs, putting a little extra weight behind each step and getting a good loud stomp out of each one. It’ll annoy the old couple on the third floor, but it’ll also rattle the paintings in his and Steve’s living room in a way that Steve is unlikely to miss.
Steve heard a soft cough from the bed, and he looked down to see Bucky helping Peter to sit up, blinking and bleary-eyed like he had just woken up from a long nap. He breathed in, squaring his shoulders as he looked directly at his image counterpart.
"No," Thanos suddenly said, and Steve gasped as all of his blood froze, transforming his heart into a solid block of ice.
—he was put on such a spectacle of a trial that it lasted three whole years because Dad said it took the government that long to admit that they were wrong.
And as Tony carefully pulled it out of the box and prepared to slide it onto his finger, he noticed that there was something else etched on the inside of the band, something that he had to squint to fully make out.
"Thanks," Steve whispered back, very aware that Chief Stacy was still standing about a metre away. They both watched as everyone crossed the street, with two of Happy's security guards taking up their positions by the theatre entrance as soon as the three of them disappeared inside.
"Yeah, that sounds about right." Pursing his lips, Steve swung his legs over the side of the bed and got to his feet, reaching for the headboard when he wobbled slightly. He pulled his t-shirt over his head and headed out the door, padding down the hallway towards Peter's bedroom. JARVIS had told him that Peter was okay and Steve trusted him, but… he always preferred seeing Peter for himself.
Another shiver raced down Peter's spine, and he suddenly wished that Papa had asked for French fries instead of ice cream. He tried to shake it off, taking a big sip of his float as he tried to figure out what Papa's proclamation meant.
"Hey, I said he was cool first!" protested Simon. "I mean, did you see the way he stopped that runaway car that one time? That was way cool!"
"You are the Norse god, Thor, son of Odin. The god of thunder," T'Challa said, smiling lightly. "I will say, my younger sister is quite fond of your stories."
"You know what? I don't wanna hear it!" Tony stated, his hands clenching into tight fists. "But I swear to you,
"I never say things just to be nice, Peter," she stated. "Sleep now. I'll come and check on you in an hour, all right?"
"True," said Bucky as he shut off his shower. "So, is it worth asking if you wanna join the rest of us for some card games before dinner, or do you need to go clear your head again?"
"Yep, that's what I meant," he said. "Sorry. I keep forgetting you guys don't understand my Earth sarcasm."
“Oh Christ, honey, of course we can.”  Tony grabbed onto Steve’s hand and headed for the door, remembering at the last second to turn back so he could snuff out the cigar still sitting on the desk.
“Well… with the custom powder-blue sparkly paint job, I'd say we’re looking at a cool half mil,” says Dad, his eyes crinkling at the corners like they always do when he’s pleased with himself.  “Owner told me he got my name from one of his country club buddies, so… let’s just say I’m not too worried about a slight lull after workin’ on that thing of beauty.”
"But—!" Tony stammered, tears stinging his eyes as Steve called out a soft, "I love you" just before he was shoved into the backseat of Bartlett's car, followed by one of the agents.
"Okay, but that looks like a micro-universe," Bruce said with a confused shrug. "Just like Scott said."
"Yeah, yeah, I'm fine," Tony said quickly, ignoring Steve's skeptical frown. "Now, go on and get ready for bed already, will ya? I'm tired."
"We're not gonna decide that right now, little guy," Steve said firmly. "I think we should go and celebrate with some pizza first, and then we can think about when we'll talk about it. Okay?"
"Yes, Peter looked up both of those guys," said Sam. "And based on what he found, both of them were conducting experiments on the very same device that we're planning to use for our mission."
"Who the hell are you?" Tony snapped as the guy pressed a button on the side of his helmet, revealing his face. He quickly glanced at Steve, then at Tony, then at Peter standing in the background, his eyes widening as if in admiration.
"Gwen!" Peter finally choked out, his fight or flight response obviously lagging behind a second or two. "Aahh, what're—what're—what're you doing in here? This is a boys' bathroom!"
"I wouldn't think so," Steve said. "But then again, I'm not sure exactly how they could get him to talk without resorting to some form of torture, which I highly doubt the FBI would sanction. Or, at least I hope they wouldn't sanction it."
As soon as Beck was gone Tony slumped back down into his chair, loosening his tie and pressing his palm to his chest, where Steve's dog tags hung beneath his dress shirt. He was going to have to tell Steve about this, but he would have to time it carefully. Steve's three-steps-forward-two-steps-back progress was too tenuous for Tony to want to upset it.
"Ow!" Peter yelped as he came to, bouncing hard onto the edge of the ship as the sensation of being immersed in warm water flooded his body. He looked down at his chest, blinking as he recognised the cool Spider-Man emblem from his nanite suit.
I can't wait to see what you think! Please don't forget to hit that kudos button and leave me a comment!  I hope I’ve been able to brighten up your Monday a bit during these scary and uncertain times 💖
"Pattern locked," the voice stated, one that Peter thought he'd never have to hear ever again for as long as he lived.
Or even weirder than usual. Is it because you had to go in that witness protection thingy last winter when your dads were gone on that long mission?"
," Tony murmured as his belly gave a violent swoop. It had honestly never occurred to him before that moment, but now that he was seeing it, it all made perfect sense.
"Is that why you can't explain to us how your suit works, Mr Lang?" he asked. "Because you don't know how?"
Again there was a pause, one where Tony could just picture his boy's adorable pouty lower lip. "I told Steve that he needed to tell you, and he promised me that he would," he said quietly. "He said he hated keeping it from you, and the last time I saw him he told me he was going to offer to bring you up here to see me after curfew."
"Yeah," said Auntie Nat. "And on that note, I'm heading back downstairs to dye my hair. See ya later, boys."
Unfortunately, Steve had no sooner taken his seat next to Carol inside the briefing room when Colonel Phillips stepped through the door with Anthony Stark in tow, a stack of papers clutched in his arms. Without thinking Steve shot to his feet and immediately straightened his shoulders, hoping against hope that the blush creeping up his neck to his cheeks wasn't as obvious as he feared.
And Sam was right; Tony was waiting for him when he got there, propped up on the bed with his tablet in one hand and the coffee Steve had brought him in the other. As soon as Steve stepped inside he set them both down, folding his hands into his lap as Steve tugged off his t-shirt and sat down next to him.
"No, I don't," Steve repeated, a bit more emphatically as he lifted his head and cupped Tony's face, bringing their lips together in a slow, deep kiss. Tony let out a whimper as Steve's tongue plundered his mouth, one hand gliding down the length of Tony's back to slip underneath the hem of his t-shirt.
"No, kiddo, I'm not a hundred percent sure that I can," said Uncle James. "But we gotta exhaust all of the proper channels first, ya know? 'Cause once we start going down more of the improper ones… well… it might just wind up being us against everyone else a lot sooner than we thought."
"That's right," Steve said as he grabbed the teakettle, filling it with water. He'd always preferred hot tea over coffee, with peppermint tea being his absolute favourite. But ever since Peter's odd reaction to some peppermint ice cream a few weeks before the Battle of New York, Steve had switched to drinking cinnamon tea instead, and had grown quite fond of it.
"Oh, shit!" Clint exclaimed as not even three seconds later the man literally melted away, leaving nothing behind but a patch of shiny, wet grass and the stupid blanket. Steve made a sound, somewhere between a croak and a gasp that never made it past his throat as Tony jerked free of Steve's hold and punched the spot where the man's head had been, his shoulders shaking with pent-up anger.
"Tony," Rhodey said quietly from next to him, his arms raised and aimed at the army squadron of suits assembled behind Hammer. He heard a
"He's been working on it ever since then, Steve," Tony said, obviously frustrated. "But whoever it is hid their goddamn tracks so well that there's nothing we can use to sniff 'em out!"
That would be far too noisy. And not to mention the mess they would cause. Much worse than poor DUM-E would be able to keep up with.
"No, I'm not," answered Steve. "And that only makes it worse because we still don't know who all we can trust, but… from now on I think we should assume that we could be overheard pretty much anywhere on the base."
"Oh, yeah," Tony said, the sultry look in his eyes and the sexy timbre of his voice almost too much for Steve to handle. "That's the infamous Stark charm, you know."
They were quiet until Peter saw Papa's truck pulling into the parking lot, followed directly by Ned's mother.
“I’m not delusional, Tony, and I’m not Captain America right now,” Steve says.  “This is me, Steve.  And I’m telling you that I'm in love with you.”
"Sorry," Peter said sheepishly. "Just wanted to let you know that dinner's almost ready. Papa's making tacos since Uncle Thor's coming up, so…"
"Shh, buddy, it's okay," Tony whispered, over and over as Steve curled his arms around them both, carefully blotting Peter's bloody arm with the bedsheet. "We've got you."
eyebrows that he chose to pointedly ignore. "Okay" had become such a relative term ever since he and Dad were attacked and kidnapped in Afghanistan that Peter wasn't even sure if he knew what it meant anymore.
"So, you were trying to break back into Mr Pym's house to return the suit… that you originally stole from his house?" Steve asked.
"No, you may not," Peter said, as politely as possible as his fingers flew across the keyboard. A few minutes later he had managed to retype the entire page, huffing out a sharp breath as the translation caught up with him.
"Thanks, J," said Tony. "Oh, and if you don't mind, can you run another diagnostic on the locator chip in Steve's newest suit?"
And then Steve had even confessed to Peter that he was in love with Dad, and that he'd grown to love Peter like a son, and Peter was positive that if his busted-up heart had actually had the ability to swell that it would have. He had told Steve that he believed Dad was in love with him as well, based on how lovesick and goofy he'd been acting lately, so as long as nothing too stupid came along and tried to wreck anything, it really seemed that everything was going to be fine.
"Well, that's what you get for letting Pym walk away in the first place," Tony said, rather smugly. "Just blame it on Howard and you'll be fine."
“Like an angel,” Steve said, his face flushing pink.  He dropped his gaze, smiling sheepishly.  “My ma, she used to believe in angels.  Used to tell me all the time that they were watching over me, and protecting me, and I never believed it.  Not any part of it, ‘cause where were they when I kept getting beat up, you know?  And when she got sick and died, I got even more angry, ‘cause they didn't protect her either.”  He looked up as Sam joined in on the impromptu sparring session, laughing as Peter and Bucky started running circles around him.  “But I guess Ma was right after all.  Peter really is a living, breathing angel.”
“Yes, please,” Steve whispered, his heart already hammering.  He knew Tony was trying to joke the tension away, but he also knew he would feel much more comfortable asking for a kiss inside the store than sitting in the car.  “I’d—I’d like that.”
A knot rose in Peter's throat as he watched his father exit his room, slumping back against his pillows as soon as the door closed behind him. Dad hadn't sounded that optimistic about anything in months, and Peter knew him well enough to know that he hadn't just said what he'd said for his own benefit.
"Or, he might be even more eager for our help since the Avengers can be dispassionate," Natasha spoke up. "Is there any evidence that this might've been an inside job?"
"Hey, Steve?" Natasha said as she entered the anteroom off of the Avengers' main Compound training area, quietly so as to not startle him. "Everyone's ready if you are."
Steve gave a nod, setting down the tablet and locking eyes with Tony, who shot him that little half-smirk that he reserved only for Steve. "Then let's go. Tony, Sam, whenever you're ready."
"Uhh." Peter licked his lips, his fingers clenching and unclenching rather strongly around Steve's as he drew in a deep breath and let it slowly out.
"I don't—I don't—" he muttered, dragging his eyes over to where Quill's ship sat. It was listing badly to the left, and featured a still-smoking hole in what he suspected was one of the engines, which meant it had likely lost a good amount of its fuel. Nothing too surprising, really. After Thanos had pulled a goddamn
"Yeah, just give me a minute," Tony muttered as he started digging through the kitchen's various junk drawers. "'Cause unless you want this thing signed with one of your papa's paintbrushes, that means I've got to find a pen."
"So, um… I've got all of the simulator protocols done," Tony said, handing Phillips the pile of papers. "Long as you don't see any issues they should be good to go."
Peter gave a shrug, wincing when even that slight movement was enough to send pain shooting across his back. "I'll ask 'em, but I don't see why not."
"Yes, I am," Steve said, in all seriousness. "But you're still sure this isn't anything to worry about?"
She was cut off by a knock on their front door, a loud, rather insistent pounding that did not at all seem like someone who was just dropping by to call. Gulping, Howard drew Maria behind him, aiming his handlamp at the floor to light his path through their darkened home towards the door.
But Tony only shook his head, guiding Peter carefully towards the door, his round cheeks wet with falling tears.
Dozens of lines of computer code scrolled across his tablet screen not three seconds later, with the initial changes dating back to Beck's third year at the company, when he was first named to the position of Supervisor.
“Oh God, yes!” Steve rasps as he surges up to connect his lips to Tony’s.  And even though it’s brief and chaste and Tony’s lips are just as dry and raw as his own, it’s still the best kiss Steve’s ever had in his life.
he thinks, hoping against hope that the flush in his cheeks can be explained away by the fact that he just stepped onto a humid pool deck.
"Honey, we don't have to do this tonight," Tony murmured. "It's late, and you're just about zonked, so—"
Tony rolled his eyes. "Hold on, lemme find my…" He fumbled around on the counter, finally finding his discarded glasses so he could read the code for himself.
Because even if HYDRA was gone, Tony was not taking any chances, and especially not with his husband and son. He was going to make sure that whenever—not
… You know, one would think that the great and powerful Anthony Stark would have better manners than that. I mean, Howard always had impeccable manners, but I guess that's one thing that he didn't seem to pass down to his son, so—"
"Then he would've given you such an ostentatious tongue-lashing that you probably would've been too afraid to ever show your face around me again," Tony said, nodding when Steve's eyes went wide. "And you think I'm joking? I actually watched him do it not once, but three separate times!"
Gwen tilted her head, giving him the smile that always sent butterflies flitting inside his stomach.
"Yes," Steve said, unable to keep the smile from forming. "I saw him, sweetheart. I saw Peter, and he was—he was—"
"Yeah, I guess," said Ned. "It doesn't help that the thing's going for over five thousand dollars though. Something tells me that's a bit more expensive than a police scanner."
"I hope you're right, kiddo," Uncle Bucky said. He tipped his head back, rubbing at his closed eyes and looking so downtrodden that a knot rose in Peter's throat.
"Yeah, well, this time I guess you can't," said Tony. "But I doubt that you'll notice any differences." And he wouldn't, Tony had made absolute sure of it. And on the very off chance that he did, it would be something like his foot not being as stiff and sore after walking on it all day long, which would only be a good thing.
"Good morning, Mr Stark. Doing okay?" said Carol, her pretty eyes radiating concern. Wilson at least had the decency to keep his expression neutral, but based on what Tony had seen of him and what Steve had told him, Sam Wilson tended to do a lot more observing than talking. Steve had even told Tony that Sam was like the team's unofficial counsellor, the person any of them could go to when they were struggling with something.
But since the three of them were even more busy than Steve, nine times out of ten he told them no. James had become the main go-between between the civilian law enforcement agencies and the military, keeping all of the recovery efforts running smoothly, while Bruce had his hands full with Thor, who while thankfully not as catatonic as Tony, had still yet to regain any of his lost verve since Thanos' snap.
"Good." Tony glanced up at the clock, rubbing his temples. "It's 2130 now, so I'm gonna give you another six-hour break, okay? We can talk again at 0330."
"But, Dad, will you please just listen to me!" cried Peter. "I was gonna go home, but then I thought about you and then I just kinda stuck to the side of the ship!"
"No, they don't," Peter said grimly. And he wasn't just making that up. As far as he knew, none of Papa's plans included having to defend New York City from an intra-atmospheric spaceship.
"I am absolutely positive," Steve said, his blue eyes blazing with intensity in the dull greyish light inside the car. He cupped Tony's cheek in his hand, his thumb brushing along Tony's cheekbone. "I love you, Tony, and I want everyone to know it. Especially my mother."
Which it was. Less than a minute and only a few commands later, Peter had once again broken into the main Air Corps database.
pull something as stupid as that again, you hear me?" Tony said as he yanked Steve to him, his mouth kissing and nipping all across Steve's pecs and collarbones as his blunt fingernails scraped lightly across Steve's back. "What if your buddy Bucky hadn't been up there with you, hmm? What if he hadn't realised that you weren't right and you ended up getting shot down?" He sucked in a deep breath, pulling back to stare into Steve's eyes, the sight of his mussed hair and kiss-swollen lips almost too beautiful to behold. "You've got me hooked on you now, okay? And you've got Pete to think about too, and neither of us can afford to lose you."
Nothing like the only son of a billionaire to be the perfect score for some less-than-scrupulous people looking to make a few million bucks.
Besides, the sex he had with Steve was the best sex that Tony had ever had in his life. Even during their more frantic, make-me-forget sessions, Steve was still so attentive and passionate and loving that sometimes it was all Tony could do to keep from just melting into him completely. Before Peter was born, Tony had always thought himself to be too selfish to actually love anyone, and too self-loathing to think that anyone might actually want to love him. Sex for him was nothing more than a cheap thrill and a way to blow off steam, with little to no thoughts of developing any kind of lasting relationship. But after Peter came along, Tony's interest in sex practically evaporated overnight, with him indulging in only the occasional date or hookup until Peter's heart problem was discovered and he pretty much swore it off completely.
Steve huffed, scowling as he tried to push the little voice back down into the deep recesses of his mind, where it belonged. He had tried very hard to ignore the fact that he found Anthony not only beyond beautiful but also charming as well, an effect made even more obvious when he smiled.
"It'll only be for training, bud, just so you're aware," Tony said carefully. "Papa and I's stance on that hasn't changed. I'm even gonna keep it stored up at the Compound since that should be the only place you're ever gonna need it, but—"
Peter gave a somber nod as he gave Steve one final squeeze before crawling into his bed, burrowing down into his fluffy blankets. "I just couldn't sleep until I knew what was going on."
"Then how come none of my doctors ever told my dad about it?" asked Peter. "It has to be a lot cheaper than all of my inhalers and stuff!"
"And something would be correct, honey," Tony replied. "I'm guessing that's probably around the time when Smythe was 'medically discharged'."
“Hey!  I wasn't gonna laugh at you!” protested Ned.  “I was just gonna… sympathise.  Yeah, that's it.”
Tony, his beloved husband, was there with him, willingly lying in his arms, which meant that maybe—just maybe—there was a fighting chance that they would somehow be okay.
Tony sighed as he stepped back, tugging off his shirt to start getting ready for bed. "Nothing other than he's the typical nerd. Graduated from Stanford with degrees in math and physics, works as a VP for some huge accounting firm that caters to a bunch of big-name actors and athletes, has a wife and two daughters that run in the LA social circles but there's gossip that he's secretly gay, that's about it."
"Nah, he's actually in a pretty good mood tonight. When he's grumpy you don't really want to be around him, just in case he decides to throw a dart at your head," Peter answered. He grabbed two bottles of Dr Pepper from the refrigerator, handing one to Gwen. "But he's also not someone bad guys would wanna mess with either, so it doesn't really bother me when he gets grumpy."
Phillips had asked, referring to Howard Stark's involvement in Project Rebirth. Steve had managed to dodge the question, at least semi-successfully, because at the time he honestly couldn't decide on how to answer it.
, only a minute or two later, I find out that not only have you been working on these things for the last few weeks, you’ve also taken over one of the rifle lines so you could manufacture ‘em!”
"I agree," Steve said softly. In fact, he had mentioned something along those lines to Bucky before they had left for the flower shop, wanting to make sure that Bucky understood the potential risk he was taking. While there hadn't been an ongoing active manhunt for the Winter Soldier ever since the Miami bunker battle, Steve knew that there were still people out there who would love to get their grimy hands on Bucky just as they would Peter, so Steve had urged him to be extra careful. His new military ID was a good start to erasing his former life as a programmed assassin, but there were still plenty of traces of it out there if someone knew where to look.
But he wasn't about to wake Steve up over something as trivial as a school field trip. He and Steve had already decided that despite their own fears, they were going to try and keep Peter's life as normal as possible, and Tony supposed that included school field trips to boring art museums.
"Damn right," said Clint, as if he'd heard Steve's thought. "'Cause I don't know 'bout the rest of you, but I've about had my fill of this asshole."
"Ah, yep," said Lang. "That—that's exactly why. Hank didn't really explain all of it to me. Just enough for me to know what to do."
“You weren’t that busy today?” Peter asked, trying to keep his tone light.  No sense in getting Dad all twitchy about money when they're about to interview a potential swimming coach.
"He pointed it at your chest?" Tony asked, pointing to where his arc reactor used to be. "Like, right here?"
Unfortunately, it was Steve's similar healing factor that was now working against him, causing many of the broken bones that he'd suffered during his torture to heal out of whack.
"Okay, but assigned to do what?" barked Tony. His temper, stoked by his confusion and barely-controlled panic was quickly reaching its boiling point, tempered only by the fact that for some reason, Peter didn't seem all that surprised.
"Oh," Papa said as he poured some dry linguine noodles into the pan of boiling water on the stove and started shredding a massive block of mozzarella cheese. "Well, make sure and let me know if you need any help with your History tonight, okay?"
And while he was still trying to maintain a brave face in front of Dad and the rest of his family and friends, as the days dragged on with absolutely no progress, Peter had to admit he was starting to lose hope that they would ever find Papa.
As it was, Dad ended up falling asleep first, falling victim to Papa stroking his hair and the fact that he'd missed one or three of his evening cups of coffee. Dad's arm was draped across Peter's side, and as he shifted slightly he felt Papa readjusting one of his heating pads before gently kissing Peter's forehead.
Peter's lower lip was trembling as he shook his head, his dry eyes stinging with tears. "No," he choked out. "Everything's not all right, like, not at
Dad handled stress by working and tinkering until he dropped, Papa handled it by running marathons and punching the hell out of things, and Peter… well…
Peter let out a hard shiver as terror hit the forefront of his mind like a crashing freight train. "Yeah. And I promise I'm gonna talk to my Uncle Sam about it. Just… not right this second, okay? I just… wanna enjoy being here with you."
Slowly, and under protest, Steve peeled his eyelids open, blinking rapidly in the still-bright sunlight as he tried to brace himself to face his harsh reality once again.
“Um… ‘cause unless you can find someone else who’s making these explodable bullets, then I’d say attacking our own Special Forces is pretty horrible!” stated Peter.  “That means someone knew they were there and tried to take them out!”
"Oh, and one bag of gummy worms," Peter added as he reached for his wallet, praying Gwen hadn't noticed that his hands were shaking. He somehow managed to pay for everything without dropping his card on the sticky floor, and even managed to pull up their electronic tickets without spilling anything.
Natasha tilted her head, but thankfully chose not to call Steve out. "I just got a text from Bruce saying that one of his crew members in D.C. found something—some kind of souped-up, old-fashioned pager—down by the old SHIELD headquarters."
you stand there and try to deny your involvement in a coup against a duly-elected government!  And how
"It won't be long now," answered Dr Strange, in a much kinder voice than he'd spoken with Peter before. "We need to prepare."
It was what Steve always said whenever Tony or Peter were upset, or in trouble, or had had a bad dream. The first time Tony had ever heard him say it had been to Peter, right after he'd brought Peter back to life in Afghanistan, and since then had heard it far too many times to count.
All of which were completely theoretical, since not even General O'Brien was brave enough to actually attempt to use the thing. Not even for testing purposes.
"Yes, and I've already spoken with Bruce and asked if you could start a couple hours later," Steve said gently. "And he said it was fine."
"No, no, it's not for chemistry this time, Dad," Peter said as he handed Tony the paper. "It's for History."
"Of course, Captain," said Dr Cho. "I'll be back in a couple of hours to take out the chest tube, but I'll be in my office if you need me in the meantime."
Now the entire project could be in jeopardy. If there actually was a spy in the Air Corps that'd been feeding the Meridian government intelligence about Langaran tech, then Peter feared that he could write all of the encryption layers for JARVIS that he wanted and it still might not be enough to keep his papa safe during the mission, or keep his father from getting arrested for treason.
"We should get packing, Tones," Rhodey said softly a few heartbeats later. "Pretend like it's one of your old Stark Industries business trips, yeah?"
But instead of responding, Hammer only turned to the suits standing in formation behind him, giving them a thumbs-up sign.
"Yes, sir," answered Steve. "But it was on my own time, so I'm not sure why it'd be necessary for you to—"
"You seem like you work really hard," Rogers said. "I've been really impressed with everything you've taught us lately."
“Good.  I think I’ll do the same,” said Tony.  Hooking his many coffee cups onto his fingers, Tony quickly dropped them off in the kitchen and raced to his bedroom.  He pointedly avoided the mirror as he peeled off his smelly, coffee-stained t-shirt and pants and headed directly for the shower, his heart thumping in the way it always did whenever he was hyped up on too much caffeine.  He let out a loud, almost salacious groan as the hot water began pelting down onto his sore muscles, fighting against the strong urge to lean back against the wall and close his eyes for a stretch.
"Hey, I know you!" the guy said as they approached his station, loud enough to draw the attention of the dozen or so people milling about the lobby. "Isn't your dad Iron Man?"
"It's a long story, Sam, okay? And one we don't have the time to tell at the moment," he said, securing his shield on his arm as Thor swung his axe, slamming two more Chitauri warriors into yet another whale.
Peter gave a nod. "Almost, just got a bit of history to finish with Papa after dinner. He asked me to wait so he could do it with me."
"But you gotta make up with Tony first," Bucky said, as if he'd read Steve's mind. "'Cause I'm serious, Steve, I don't think you were safe to be flying up there today. And if Meridia really is catching up to our tech then it's not gonna get any easier from here on out. Whenever the 'on out' happens to be."
"That's fine," Steve said, stuffing his own hands into his pockets. "As long as you're careful not to pull on any of his tubes, okay?"
"Yeah—yes, ma'am. I will," Peter muttered. He slouched down into his chair, wishing he could somehow disappear into his oversized hoodie as Ms Warren turned her attention back to the whiteboard. At the moment all he wanted was for school to be over so he could go home, so ten more minutes may as well have been ten more hours.
"I was at my absolute wits end one night. I hadn't slept in days, Pete was screaming so loud I thought he might shatter the windows, and Howard was ranting around in the living room 'cause he'd run out of whisky again and it was after dark, so no civilians allowed out on the streets. I ended up calling Ms Ana, Mr Jarvis's wife, who actually risked arrest to drive over to the house, and she showed me a trick that she'd learned while working as a nanny."
"Dad," Peter said, in that dragged-out, whiny voice he always used when he thought Tony was being too unfun. "It's not like that. He's been helping me with some of the code and designs for the project and then he usually naps for a while in the chair. It's really no big deal."
Everything looked the same as Steve and Tony made their way across the base to the hangar. They walked through the same hallways, passed a lot of the same cadets and airmen on their way back from various training exercises and missions. Even the hangar itself seemed the same, with the aircraft all lined up just like they always were, the din of their engines and the shouting back and forth of the various grounds people filling the air.
"Good," said Gwen, just as Mr Stacy pulled into the parking lot in his police car. She nudged Peter with her elbow, giving him a soft smile. "I guess I'll see you guys tomorrow?"
"I'm ready now, Birdman," Tony said as his helmet locked into place, his repulsors powering up. "Race ya."
"Oh, yeah. Loads," answered Peter, which Tony knew was not only a flat-out lie, but one meant to attempt to draw attention away from himself, as Peter often did.
Steve's shoulders sagged, and Tony felt a sharp pang of remorse as worry spiked in his blue eyes, worry that seemed to have taken up permanent residence ever since their battle against the certifiably looney-tunes combination of Obadiah Stane and Aldrich Killian down in their Miami bunker. Tony wasn't sure if it'd been more difficult for Steve to have to watch as both he and Peter fought for their lives after that battle, or for he and Peter to have been in the dark about Steve's whereabouts for an entire month after his capture by HYDRA, but he did know without a doubt that both instances absolutely sucked, and that he had absolutely no desire to ever go through anything like that ever again.
Steve blinked, well aware that he should've asked Hill how much she and T'Challa had already discussed the attack from space. They didn't really have the time to spare to be going in circles.
No, Peter would have to sit on this for awhile longer, maybe just until Dad finished working on the MAUDE glasses. He really didn't like hiding things from his dads, it always made him feel so guilty that he could barely bring himself to look at them, but with how stressed they both were at the moment it would be better to wait at least until Uncle Bucky's test with the glasses was over, so both Dad and Papa could at least not be worried about that anymore.
A moment of eerie silence fell across the panic room, with everyone holding their collective breaths.
," Tony answered. He tugged on Steve's hair, bringing him back up so he could kiss him. "I want you to get me ready, and then I want you to curl that incredible god-like body of yours around me and take me. And I want you to do it now."
he thinks, because in a 100 free, the start is worth at least half of the race.  And it costs even more if it’s a bad one.
Tony was brilliant, one of the smartest people in the world. If anyone could figure out how to fly an alien spaceship, it was him. Especially since he'd already figured out how to fix one.
"So you're like me!" Wanda said in a rush, glancing furtively down at her hands. "And my brother, and my father! You're a—you're a—?"
Unfortunately, now that the nanites were at least somewhat perfected, Tony felt that he'd fallen so far behind on building more of his regular suits—and relying far too heavily on the drones—that he needed to make up for lost time. Hence, turning his attention back to his Hulkbuster armour, the suit that Bruce had for some reason dubbed, Veronica.
"The boy's gonna be fine, Стиви," Bucky said, breaking Steve from his thoughts. "It's just a movie date. We used to go on 'em all the time."
Steve's heart was heavy as he made his way down the hallway, taking a quick moment to peek in on Peter before continuing on to the living room, where he settled in on the comfy loveseat to wait for Sam and Bucky. The nearby clock read 0200, so he tipped his head back and closed his eyes, breathing in a slow, deep breath as he tried to come up with his usual series of mission plans. With a nearly twenty-four hour flight time ahead of him, Steve knew he'd have plenty of time to finalise them, especially if any new information became available while they were en route, but he always liked to have at least a skeleton plan in place before embarking on any mission. Even a so-called diplomatic one.
But hopefully the six-hundred and fifty million dollar science experiment—plus change—would help them both find a bit of peace.
Tony was quiet for several heartbeats, his skinny body way too still. "Just… go away, Steve," he finally muttered. "I just—I need to be alone. It's how I'm best."
"Mmm, not so probably," said Peter. "More like definitely. And mostly just 'cause his last name happens to be Stark."
"Then we best get started," said Howard. He pointed towards one of the electrical techs, then checked his own timepiece. "Vita ray commencement on my mark. Mark."
Oh well.  Getting a bit of sleep before hooking brand-new experimental tech up to Papa’s brain could only be a good thing.
"Yeah, little guy, everything's fine," Steve said after a short pause. "Dad and I just have to make a quick trip to D.C. tomorrow night, we have a meeting to attend on Monday morning."
Thank you so much for all of the wonderful comments!  I’m so glad you guys are enjoying the story! 💗
And he was still visibly shaking, like he was either really scared or really upset, with his hands opening and closing into fists.  He definitely seemed to be suffering from something.
A single tear snaked its way down Tony's cheek, cross-crossed with pillow creases. "Whatever it takes," he said as he covered Steve's hand with his own. "Just… please, don't leave me. Steve, I can't—I don't know what I'd do if—"
"This isn't going to be a deep backrub since you're still healing," Steve said as he started at the back of Tony's neck, his slicked palms gliding easily across Tony's skin. "More of a rubdown, okay? Just enough to relax you."
"Mmm, if you say so," Sam said suspiciously. "I still think you're acting weird but hey, what do I know, hmm?"
Uncle Bucky sighed, scrubbing at his eyes with his palm. "I just… I just don't know what to do with myself. My whole life has revolved around the Air Corps. It's all I've known since I was old enough to know what it was, and now—"
"No, I'm not sure that I do, little guy," Steve said earnestly. Even his own experience as a small, rather sickly child could in no way compare with what Peter was going through. "But since it's not up to me I'll just have to take your word for it, okay?"
Which they easily could, or the discussion would've already been moot. With how frequent Steve's goofy timeline nightmares had been coming lately, Tony had the eerie feeling that something big was about to happen, and soon. Thor, Bruce, and Loki had finally taken off with the Tesseract in their newly repaired ship about a week ago, and while Tony hadn't expected to hear anything from them until they got back, every day that passed with no word was only making his twitchiness, as Peter would call it, that much worse.
"Oh, then he's in for it," grumbled Bucky. "I was only late because he told me the wrong spot to meet him! I was sitting there all by myself in the dark waiting, while—"
"Nat, you don't have to," Steve said, wishing with all of his might that he could just disappear into the uncomfortable infirmary mattress. "And I'm sorry. I'm so sorry that I can't be what you want me to be right now, but—"
"About a block away," answered Natasha. "Normally we wouldn't've thought anything of it, but when the guy showed it to Bruce, he just happened to recognise the symbol on it as one that he'd seen displayed in Nick's office."
Peter shrugged. "You know that doesn't bother me, Dad." 'Cause it didn't. Papa was the one who was always super-hyper about swearing, not him.
"Thank you, Bruce. Tony and I both appreciate it very much," Steve said. Not that he figured anyone would insist on Tony leaving Peter while he was unconscious, but it was still nice to hear.
Tony thought for a moment. "No, only enough for the east side of the Tower since those would be the ones that would fire towards the school anyway."
As soon as the door closed behind him, the scene began to break apart again, this time turning into a room with a bunch of folding chairs all situated in a circle.  Most of them were occupied with people, including Uncle Bucky—whose hair had grown so long it was hanging in front of his eyes, making him look almost spooky.  They were all listening intently as Uncle Sam spoke from his chair near the front, telling them some kind of story about luggage.  Peter looked around the circle, searching for Papa, his shoulders sagging as he finally noticed him standing in the back of the room leaning against the doorway.  He was bouncing on the balls of his feet, his arms crossed tightly in front of him and his lips stretched into a thin line.  Peter had seen him stand like that a bunch of times before, usually when he was struggling to keep himself together.
Tony was only a few steps away from the mess hall when the lights suddenly cut out, plunging the entire building into complete darkness. He managed to swallow his gasp before it could escape, halting in place as he fumbled to turn on the handlamp and hoping that his heart would work its way out of his throat before he returned to Steve.
Tony's throat tightened as his eyes filled with tears. "No, not exactly. I… uh… I just told him I needed some time. To think. Buddy, he
"Way too close," grumbled Dad from the floor by his gimbal. Dr Strange held out his hand, helping Dad back to his feet. "Thanks for that shield thing, by the way."
"This is Donald Gill," he said. "From what we've found, Gill was a scientist for SHIELD who was working on a couple of super-secret projects that involved cryokinesis. Apparently, the lead scientist on those projects, who we still have yet to identify, thought they would be useful for military applications."
"Yeah, 'cause they're having so much trouble getting through now," Clint muttered. "And I was hoping I'd actually get to keep some of my arrows this time."
"Everything look good here, J?" he asked as he expanded the left boot of the hologram, tweaking a couple of things on the ankle joint.
But now wasn't the time. Peter had literally just been nearly strangled to death, and by the most powerful creature in the entire universe, even, according to Uncle Bruce, which meant that the gauge on Dad's freakout-o-metre was still all the way over in the
"Steve, I don't need you tell me that you appreciate me," Tony said after a short pause. "It's pretty much written all over your face everytime you look at me."
There was a few seconds of stunned silence, until Sam spoke up. "Um… did anyone else just see that, or was it just me?"
"And the water monster guy said that he'd been programmed to go after Peter!" Steve exclaimed. "Tony, we thought SHIELD got all the Winter Soldiers from the Miami bunker, but what if we've been wrong all this time!"
Pressing his fingers to his lips, Tony blew Peter a kiss before turning towards his own bedroom, setting his stuff down on the desk and activating the small oil lamp he kept for his nighttime work. The lamp flickered for a few seconds before finally illuminating, and Tony groaned as he noticed the low level of the lamp's oil reserves. He'd have to pick up some more the next time he was at the market.
"Oh, I think we will," Tony said, smirking when Steve blushed again. He got to his feet, clearing his throat as he offered Tony his arm.
And the last thing that Joseph saw, just before a fireball half the size of the entire continent of Langara engulfed him in its searing heat, was the photograph of his beloved wife, Sarah, her small hands resting on top of the child she carried within her, knowing full well that he had just made her a widow.
"Someone thinks there's too much space in the storage facility?" he asked. "How'd they figure that?"
"Young Starkson!" Uncle Thor said as he drew Peter into a bone-crushing hug, ruffling his hair. "It is so good to see you intact again!"
"No, no, no, that's still not the right part, big guy," Tony said, trying hard to hold onto his frustration. He had always despised video conferences, and especially ones that involved trying to coach Bruce into repairing an alien spacecraft. But it was either that or fly out to New Asgard himself, and with Peter now on day five of his coma and showing no signs that he was ready to wake up, unfortunately the video conference was all Tony could offer.
Peter inhaled a deep breath before opening the door to find a very concerned Gwen holding an ice pack, a towel, and a handful of wrapped peppermint candies. Peter immediately jumped back, clapping his hand over his mouth and barely managing to avoid lurching again.
"Good idea," said Ned, and immediately made a beeline for the pizza boxes lining the long countertop.
"Is—is this—are there—" he stammered, dragging his gaze back to Natasha when he just couldn't get the words to come out.
Steve's heart felt as heavy as a lead ball as he made his way down the hall and out to his motorcycle, pausing before he started the engine. If he was half as brave as he liked to think he was he would just admit to his teammates how he was spending his afternoons and just get it over with, instead of sneaking around all the time like a cat burglar or something.
“There’s a changing area over there if you don’t feel like going into the locker room, Peter,” Mr Rogers says, pointing to what looks like a kind of bathroom stall over by the stands.  “It might be a bit busy at the moment.”
To that end, Thanos was nowhere to be seen, at least from Tony's current vantage point. Based on what Tony understood about the infinity stones, which was admittedly not nearly enough as he would've preferred, Thanos would have to keep the Space and Reality Stones active in order to maintain the wormhole. Steve had explained to Tony that during the original battle, Thanos had used the Reality Stone to alter the Wakandan plain in order to locate the Soul Stone deep within its soil. But this time, as long as the wormhole was open, the Reality Stone would remain occupied.
Gripping the bike’s handles, Steve watches as Clint gracefully climbs up one of the tall trees about twenty or so metres from the northwest perimeter bunker, situating himself on a thick branch.  Then he reaches into his sheath and pulls out three arrows, notching them into his bow.
out there! And if you die, that's gonna be on me and Papa, and I can tell you right now and with absolute certainty that neither one of us would ever be able to recover from it. Not
"Not true," Tony gasped as Steve's fingers trailed down his sternum and abdomen to wrap around his erection. "Pretty sure anyone who's as pretty as you isn't completely mortal."
Peter's eyes snapped open in surprise, an action he immediately regretted when the sun just happened to emerge from behind a cloud right at that very second. He immediately shrank back, crying out at the harshness of the light, which prompted Papa to reach into the glove compartment for an extra pair of sunglasses.
Gwen gave a nod, crossing her arms in front of her. "That's—that's good," she said. "'Cause I know it would be even harder for you if he were—I mean, if you—if you—"
"Yes, sir, I would agree," said JARVIS. "Increasing the thickness of both gauntlets by three millimetres would offer a fifteen percent increase in the suit's arm strength."
And somehow, Dad and whoever was left of his family must have figured out how to reverse things, which, Peter had to admit, sounded really freaking
Peter sniffed, swiping at the tears tracking down his face as he tried to take the slow, even breaths that would help his heart rate to slow down.
"Aww, but you were there!" Ned exclaimed. "And I know the news isn't telling us everything either. I mean, most of the government's in jail now
Peter huffed out a sharp breath, followed by a wet, junky cough that made Tony shiver, like someone had just dropped ice down his back.
"It is?" Peter asked, with such a childish hope that Tony's heart fluttered. Leave it to Steve to find just the perfect words to turn Peter's mood around.
"Cap!" Uncle Sam suddenly cried as he swerved in the air in front of Peter, followed closely by Uncle James. Peter's breath caught in his throat, and he yanked hard on Papa's elbow as he noticed Thanos raising his left arm, the blue Space Stone and the red Reality Stone both glowing brightly as he pointed them towards the sky.
"The boy is going to die, Tony," he said coldly. "I know it, and so does he. And the sooner you start admitting it to yourself the better off both of you will be."
They were silent the rest of the way home, and it wasn't until they were all sitting on the squashy couch in the living room with steaming cups of hot chocolate that Papa placed his big hand on Peter's shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze.
"Okay," he managed as he brought Peter's hand to his lips, kissing the back of it and then pressing it to his cheek. "Okay."
"Yes, Mr Stark, you are sitting here," Davis said, his paper thin lips stretching into one of the fakest smiles Tony had ever seen. "And did those means that you mentioned include what I believe you referred to as the Iron Legion?"
"Talk to you tomorrow?" Gwen murmured, her arms tight around Peter's neck. If he had been feeling brave he might've even tried to kiss her goodnight, but he really, really didn't feel like having his very first kiss in front of a live audience, especially since he knew that Uncle Clint would both give his dads a complete play-by-play, and never let him hear the end of it.
"And you know there's no way any of us would survive it!" Steve exclaimed. "Tony, you didn't see Thanos when he snapped his fingers the first time, but I did! And it nearly killed him!"
Beck's face dropped a bit but recovered quickly, giving Tony another wide smile. "So far we've only tested it in a few medical students, 'cause they're usually eager to sign up for testing stuff like this. But like I said in the proposal, there really are limitless possibilities with this tech. I mean, you could use it as a training program for fighter pilots, for example, or to learn how to drive, operate any kind of machinery. I mean, really, the sky's pretty much the limit."
Knowing that the people responsible for his horrific injury were going to be put away for the rest of their lives would hopefully give him some much-needed closure.
"You wouldn't," Steve said quickly. "Sorry, I wasn't trying to imply anything. Tony's just really protective of his son, and… I kinda am too."
"No, no, you didn't wake me," she said, brushing the damp hair from his eyes. "I was just on my way to check your vitals when I heard you coughing."
"Perhaps to you, Mr Stark," snapped Davis. "But I'm afraid to some of us, it would appear that the Avengers now have control over a rather large and formidable iron army, which is something that I for one am not exactly comfortable with. So what do you believe gives you the right to keep such a private army, and how are we to be sure that the Avengers won't one day use it to turn on the rest of us?"
With a choked gasp Steve shifted slightly, trying to manoeuvre just enough to get his hand underneath him so he could push his upper body up off of the freezing cold concrete floor.
"Yeah, I'm good," Tony added as he dropped his papers onto the console, sliding on his headset. Unlike Steve, Tony had long-ago mastered the art of hiding his feelings. Or at least he believed that he had.
"Yeah, it is," Steve said, grunting as he quickly lunged to the left, his speed dropping down as he skimmed right along the upper atmospheric border. "Just stay on my wing, okay? It'll be just like that one time…"
"Just call me Marshall," she said, briefly flashing her badge before holding out the papers towards Tony and Steve. Tony immediately stepped back, relieved when Steve reached for them both. Even after all this time, he still didn't enjoy being handed things from strangers.
“February 20th, 2019.  Sergeant Barnes undergoes amputation of his left arm three inches below the shoulder.  Blood and blood products for his surgery are donated by myself and one other surviving member of my team.  Following his operation, Sergeant Barnes’ exemplary military career is officially over.”
"Yeah, right. No one's gonna be dumb enough to pass on you, and you know it." Peter rolled his eyes as his first attempt at wrangling with his combination lock failed miserably, pursing his lips as he tried again. The hallway behind him was still packed with students yelling every which way, with every single sound scraping across his sensitive ears like one of Uncle Clint's arrowheads. His exhaustion wasn't helping with his eyesight either, but he'd been too distracted that morning to remember where he'd left his glasses and hadn't wanted to bother Papa or Dad about them.
But he knew he couldn't say anything because then his cover would be blown. Dad and Pepper had finally been able to debunk the incriminating video that had been sent to the media just before they were kidnapped from the Tower, so it was even more important now to keep a lid on what had happened down in Miami or else the media scrutiny and government interference would just become unbearable all over again.
He looked up as the door opened again, gulping as General O'Brien slowly stepped through. He was a smaller man, someone Steve's ma would've described as "stout", with greying brown hair and dull brown eyes. His uniform was flawless and impeccably pressed, his boots so highly polished that Steve could make out his reflection as the general stepped forward.
"Yeah, a couple," Sam said as he elbowed Bucky in the arm. "More like a couple at MACH-2. Gods, Steve, I'm pretty sure even some of our old aircraft couldn't've kept up with you this morning, much less one of us mere mortals."
"He's that rich doctor that drove his car off a mountain a few months ago," said Peter. "The neurosurgeon?" He didn't add that Dad had disliked Dr Strange ever since he and Papa had tried to get him to consult on Peter during his weeks-long coma after the battle in the Miami bunker, and that the surgeon had flat-out refused because he'd said that he didn't work on children.
"No, just… hear me out, okay?" Tony sucked in a deep breath, his fingers tightening around Steve's. It had taken all of his willpower and then some to not race down to the hangar the second he saw Steve stumbling down his ladder.
Details of the recent past were hazy, so it was the beeping of the heart monitor that gave Tony his first clue that things were currently Not Great. A good assortment of aches and pains followed next on the list, but they were dim and faraway thanks to the magic of medication. Which was rather more worrying, come to think of it.
going to wash that hand after you’re done there, no offense, but I know where that tongue’s been--don’t give me that look, it’s not hypocritical, normally there’s a toothbrush involved afterward.”
Steve scrubs a hand over his face. Okay. He circles the island to stand next to Tony. Gently, but firmly, he grips the back of Tony’s head in one big hand and restarts the video. He holds his phone directly over the part of the counter showing on screen, and points Tony’s face at it. Pulls his phone away for a second, still making Tony look at the counter.
“Nice kitty,” Steve says, softly, approving. The hand that was doing the boop slips around to the side of Tony’s face and
kind of surprise for you, isn’t it,” Clint clasped his hands as if in prayer. “Thank you Jesus, I was not prepared to get decked in the face today.”
“Wow, a hundred years to the day, huh?” he’d commented over coffee that morning. “You’re lucky this crowd is too old for birthday spankings.”
Clint laughed, a sudden short bark that startled Penny out of her seemingly permanent stupor just long enough to wuff sleepily at them before snuggling back down.
To be fair, he didn’t involve tech again to the level he had in the workshop, but he did insinuate himself into the rest of the team’s efforts with terrifyingly seamless efficiency. Any distraction, however innocent-seeming or even truly unintentional on the part of the person providing it, seemed to result in Tony appearing behind him just long enough to bring palm to birthday buns. Indeed, even the blatantly obvious ploys pulled by the most egregious and predictable pranksters (coughBuckycough) now seemed to always end with Tony delivering the coup-de-grace (or coup-de-ass, as the case may be). To Steve’s growing horror, he was beginning to recognize the specific feel of Tony’s hand on his cheeks.
, the team he had curated and trained with such care and precision that they could now read each other's minds, and discern the tone of each other's voices out there on the battlefield.
"Oohh," Steve whispered as he looked Peter up and down, his throat tightening as he realised that the procedure had actually worked.
Part of his whole 1940s stoicism thing, or something like that. Tony's heart ached as he remembered how Rhodey had found him in Peter's room, sprawled across his rumpled bed and clutching his stuffed polar to his chest. Rhodey had literally ordered Tony to sit up, to look at him and listen as he told Tony that he had just brought Steve to the infirmary with two very busted-up hands, and that he needed to go to his husband right the hell now.
At Steve's invitation, George Stacy, Gwen, and his only surviving son, the youngest, had arrived to stay at the Compound two days before. Since their arrival, George Stacy had been working closely with Clint and Natasha in trying to catalogue the remaining local and federal law enforcement in the area, coordinating assignments and developing plans to keep homes and businesses from getting robbed or looted, as well as ensuring that the tons of dead cars, trucks, and other debris covering the streets and freeways was removed as quickly as possible so that supply runs could resume.
"Project Phoenix is a system of national defence initially developed by Anthony Edward Stark," JARVIS began. "It consists of eight specialised satellites placed in orbit above the planet's surface which are designed to activate in response to a perceived threat, most likely to originate from Langara's rival country, Meridia. Approximately six months ago Peter Edwin Stark began altering the original satellite parameters to instead function as energy channellers, utilising the artefact known as the tesseract as an unlimited power source. If successfully implemented, Project Phoenix will in theory be able to supply enough energy to end the current crisis in not only Langara, but in Meridia as well."
"Steve, we were all affected by that sceptre," Bruce piped up from his chair next to James. "So even though Loki didn't use it on all of us directly, we were all still vulnerable to its effects."
“Find something you like?” the man suddenly asked from behind Peter.  Peter flinched, his heart jumping as he whipped around so fast that he nearly dropped the box.  The guy was even taller than he’d appeared from behind the counter, his shoulders so broad that they took up almost the entire width of the aisle.
"Tony Stark," Tony blurted, just on the off chance that Steve had somehow failed to mention his surname. He carefully grasped Sarah Rogers's hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mrs Rogers."
"Would you like me to focus in on the seagulls, Master Peter? There seem to be quite a few out there at this time of night." JARVIS asked, causing Peter to roll his eyes.
"No way in hell!" Tony exclaimed, only barely clinging to his temper. "I meant what I said, you're not ever getting near him again, you got that? He might never be able to come home after this!" As soon as the words left his mouth Tony clapped his hand over it, his fear threatening to drown him as he looked down at his beloved boy.
"Yeah, but why just get by when you can really live, Dad?" said Peter. He let out another yucky cough, one that made Tony wince. "I just want you to be happy. You deserve it."
"I believe that Master Peter gives Finley four pellets in the morning, and four again in the evening, sir," answered JARVIS.
"I'm pretty hungry too, actually," Peter said, muffled against Tony's shoulder. "Can we start eating now?"
“That's fine,” Peter rushed out.  He raked his fingers through his hair, grimacing as they got stuck on a particularly stubborn knot.  He’d needed a haircut about three weeks ago, but Dad had been too busy and he never let Peter go by himself.  “You said an hour?”
"Yes," answered Steve. "But before they could do anything, Thanos snapped his fingers again, destroying the stones and a good part of the planet where he'd settled. They were barely able to escape with their lives."
"Peter?" Gwen said from her place at the podium, snapping her fingers to break Peter out of his trance-like stare. "You still with us?"
Yet another so-called "incident" that the Air Corps had been less than forthcoming about. All that Steve's team had been told when it happened was that it had been caused by some kind of equipment malfunction, but Steve had just so happened to be awake and reading in his barracks room on the night in question, and while he didn't exactly understand what the bright yellow beam of light was that impacted Colonel Rhodes' aircraft, it sure hadn't seemed like it was just a regular run-of-the-mill equipment malfunction.
They had always been proud to keep the Malibu house free of that disgusting moss, right up until the very moment it was destroyed.
And the very moment the tip of his wing tripped that invisible barrier, the enemy's automated anti-aircraft defence system kicked in and he was immediately taken out, the resulting fireball so blinding that Steve almost flew head-on into Sam before he was able to recover.
“Wow, that's gorgeous,” he said under his breath.  He gave the bike one final look of longing before climbing into the passenger seat of the same orange Audi Tony had been driving when he’d picked him up.  “Um… do you ever take that bike out?”
"Take him, honey," Tony ordered as he transferred their unconscious son as quickly and carefully as he could. "He's got a lot of water down in his lungs."
Steve gasped as he jerked awake, panting for breath as if he'd just finished one of his hard runs. His hand shot out to the side, instinctively reaching for Tony, only to find the bed empty and cold next to him. He grabbed onto Tony's pillow, crushing it to his chest and burying his nose in it, allowing the familiar, comforting scent of his husband to wash over him, shivering as he broke into a cold sweat that quickly drenched the sheets and trying not to think about the nightmare that just woke him, but managing to think of nothing else.
"Who?" asked Sam, obviously confused. "'Cause if you just said what I think you said, then that seems a bit too on the nose, if you know what I mean."
Since Tony was already wearing his ring, Steve lifted his left hand to his lips, kissing the ring over its three embedded stones. Tony's lower lip was trembling as Steve lowered his hand, sucking in a deep breath.
"All right, guys, let's get started," Liz said, clapping her hands to get the team's attention. It was their first practise back from Christmas break, which meant that the big competition was only about four months away, and Liz would be cracking the whip even harder.
Peter swallowed hard as he nodded, digging around in his pocket for his earplugs. "Yeah, just forgot how loud the bells are, no big deal."
"Um… so… JARVIS said you came up 'cause your arm's acting up?" Peter asked past the large knot in his throat. How could he have been so completely thoughtless?
"Me either," said Peter. He burrowed even further into Dad's arms, luxuriating in his warmth until he heard footsteps approaching them from behind, and he looked up to find Dr Strange glaring down at them.
"Well… yeah… but he's not exactly the same kind of human as you or me—" Gwen broke off as she caught Peter's
"As of right now, no one other than the team and Pete have full access to the Compound's facilities, understand? I want all security codes for any personnel formerly working for SHIELD cancelled until they can be cleared to mine and Steve's satisfaction. Oh, and tell Fury he's in charge of the re-vetting, none of us have the time for it. Make him do his own damn spy work for a change."
He had tried. He really had. For his son's sake, Tony really had tried to get the ship into the best shape that he could. Had made a concerted effort to try and get home.
"I heard you guys talking in the hallway," Peter blurted out. Uncle Bucky's head snapped up, his striking blue eyes wide with shock.
Tony had been neck-deep in holograms when Steve had wandered in, and hadn’t seemed to even notice him. Steve, not wanting a repeat of the Doorway Incident, had kept his distance and quietly gone to visit Dum-E.
Ah. Here comes another of Tony’s primary complaints. His brain feels like it’s trying to crawl out of his ears, and at least he’s identified this feeling now but he’s still not used to it: it’s the whiskers. He’s got a giant Proximity Sensor Array on his face and his cat-brain knows how to receive and parse the information it gives him but his human mind can’t figure out what the fuck he’s looking at, because he’s
understands that this was made by the real Captain America. It’s clear, once he realizes, once he notices the pattern in the phrasing, that everyone who’s watched this assumes he’s only pretending, that he’s making fun of the real Cap. They praise him for authenticity. “That throw!” they say, “dat arm so swol,” they say, which Steve is pretty sure he understands, and “wow that sounds so much like his voice”.
“No, please, I insist, what were you going to ask about?” Steve presses. He’s so far past not being able to keep a straight face, he’s not sure he’ll ever get the ability back.
--Bruce and Natasha leaping in with immediate support and encouragement, Thor sidling into the conversation in his most polite What Is This Midgardian Custom routine and quickly becoming the loudest in his approval once he understood.
“But...you’ve shown up for breakfast together every morning for the last two weeks. Like, clearly coming from the same room.”
Steve groaned, burying his face in his hands. “Perfect. He hates me anyway, maybe I should just stay in my room while you’re gone.”
“Yes, well,” Tony let the jacket fall back open but crossed his arms. “Apparently I made you think I was barely tolerating your existence, you’ll have to forgive me if I over-correct a little.”
the things he was tempted to say, obviously. It was just that he’d only been dating Steve for about twenty minutes so far and any declaration above “that jacket looks good on you” would probably be A Lot at this point.
to him, almost spinning out on the carpet in his haste, and plants both front paws in the middle of Bucky’s outstretched palm. Bucky grins, and turns to Steve.
Nat, Sam, Tony, and Thor each delivered a last slap. Bruce strode out with his hands up, assuring Steve “I promised!” as he headed for the lawn. Tony circled back and got in an extra, on Bruce’s behalf. Wanda and Clint each took their rightful smack. Vision chose to sneak out straight through the wall rather than participate further than he already had, thank god. Strange passed with nothing more than an exasperated shake of his head, though his friend Wong caught Steve entirely off guard with an exceptionally forceful open-handed blow, before marching off wearing an expression that was entirely too bland to be real. Steve would never trust that man’s Dignified Monk Face again.
“I think you and I will get along better if we have a little chat, Mr. Jarvis,” he said, squarely meeting the old butler’s gaze.
planning to wait for someone to come to the door. He lives here, dammit. Four days ought to be enough time that he can reasonably expect all persons in attendance to have their pants on, especially if they’ve been warned, and he’s doing his best.
He raises his left hand and waggles the fingers at Steve--that must be what Steve is questioning, then. Yesterday, when Bucky had come back to the apartment, he’d been wearing long sleeves and a glove on his left hand. Tony had been able to hear the servos--he could never mistake that sound, especially not with the satellite dishes he currently has for ears--but Bucky had clearly been dressed to at least downplay, if not quite successfully keep secret, the fact that one of his arms was built and not grown.
at these guys?” Tony countered, pointing out a particularly egregious set of robes by firing a repulsor at their owner. “These are absolutely Durmstrang graduates, I don’t care what country we’re in.”
“Days?! Steph, no, hippogriff, you can’t do this, I’m in the French countryside with five small fluffy Avengers, you can’t leave me like this.”
“Anybody naked in here, this is your last chance to bolt for the bedroom,” Bucky announces into the apartment as he shuffles in, blind.
Scott Lang, a late arrival, scored his first and last blow and saluted Steve with his beer, clearing the way for the spider kid, who raised his arm, then hesitated. Steve heard him whisper something that sounded suspiciously like “Jones up, let’s do this,” before bringing his hand down with frankly shocking force (Steve always forgot, looking at him, that Peter could probably bench-press a schoolbus) and fleeing for the safety of the lawn. Hot on his heels came a rapidly dopplering cry of “LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRROOOOOOOOOOYYYYY--” and there went Tony again, blitzing past, catching Steve with a strike that was more of a drive-by than a spanking, and disappearing into the dark with a fading call of “NJENNNNKIIIINNNNNNNNSS!!!!” that didn’t quite drown out FRIDAY announcing the count of ninety-seven.
With that arranged, Jarvis was slightly at a loss, for the time being. Their newest guest had been situated in his new rooms, fed, and directed to some useful common areas, but Jarvis didn’t feel quite right retiring for the evening with a newcomer left idling about the place. It didn’t feel hospitable, somehow, especially when their guest was someone he knew the Master held in such high regard. For goodness’ sake, Tony’d been sleeping with an enormous crocheted afghan in the shape of the Captain’s shield since the boy was, what, six years old? Perhaps less? He’d stopped for a time, as young boys do when they feel the need to act less young, but once the Old Master had been gone a while, the blanket had quietly resurfaced, and Jarvis had carefully not mentioned it.
No dice. Well. Odds of raising anyone from inside a dead suit were always low, anyway. Also, nobody had ripped his faceplate off yet. Either that had only been a momentary blackout (purpleout?), or the problem was bigger than him.
jump. He just hasn’t had a lot of practice, yet, and Steve has witnessed what practice he’s had, and Tony will grant him that it’s been quite a spectacle so far, but his judgy eyebrows are nonetheless very hurtful.
, but even thinking it made him feel like a five-year-old. He almost considered actually explaining why he was feeling so shitty, but dismissed the thought before it was more than half-formed. “You and I are not currently the kind of friends who have that conversation,” he settled for.
“Less chatter, more putting a stop to this before they do any more damage to this World Heritage Site,” Steve suggested.
He’d gone all the way through bashful and into terrified, judging by the hunch of his posture and the quaver in his voice. Tony wanted to tell him it’d be okay, whatever it was, but Clint was there first. He reached out and gave Steve’s arm a reassuring squeeze. Steve met Clint’s eyes, and Clint nodded, encouraging, whispering something that looked like
“You could not have sounded more like you were lying if you had tried, sweetheart,” Tony counters, but he leans into Steve’s side and puts his arms around him, taking the sting out of his words. He points to the screen of Steve’s laptop, where last night’s interview is replaying. “Look at that shit-eating grin. That’s exactly what you look like when you’re talking out your ass, and everybody knows it.”
“It’s too much, isn’t it,” he tried to pull the jacket shut over the shirt, but the cut of the neckline wouldn’t quite allow him to hide the whole design. He started to backpedal toward the door he’d come in by. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I knew it would be too much, I’ll go change.”
the oncoming vehicle, planting one foot in the center of the hood and vaulting over it in a few strides. Once clear, Steve dodged out of the road onto the far sidewalk.
Steve’s voice is small, tiny and frightened. Helpless. It’s like that, when something terrible happens to someone so far from your own world. Bucky’s heard that voice before, when actors and entertainers they’d liked had passed away suddenly. But this is worse, it’s going to be so much worse, because this isn’t the kind of celebrity whose work they enjoy and for whom there is a general fondness in the house. Steve has always had a thing for Stark; “crush” doesn’t begin to cover it. The man has been his personal hero since before Steve and Bucky even met.
Tony sighed into his coffee again, militantly keeping his eyes above the level of the apron string where it crossed Steve’s lower back. Openly ogling the man’s ass would be too much for even Bruce to miss.
Thirty-five minutes later it was still only a quarter past eleven in the morning, but the plan had been a bit light on details so Steve had shown up back on the common floor twenty-eight minutes ago with his walking shoes on and his dog harnessed. He’d combed his hair the old-fashioned way (because he was still sure he wasn’t doing it right when he tried to do it any different) and was dressed in a soft blue henley, a leather bomber jacket, and a worryingly tight pair of jeans that Clint had once told him to wear if he should find himself stepping out with a fella.
Steve swallowed heavily, shrugged one shoulder, and huffed out a breath that wasn’t quite a laugh. Might as well try to get something he actually wanted for his birthday, for once. “Sure.”
It’s not fair. Steve is his, he knows it, everything adds up, but they can’t bond. Because there’s nothing wrong with Tony’s eyes, he just doesn’t have them right now. He’s not looking at Steve with his own eyes, or speaking to him with his own voice, or touching him with his own hands. Steve’s soul isn’t wired for the input that Tony is giving him.
He would’ve lurched upright, but every square inch of him was encountering resistance in the form of a dead suit. He could move it, without power, but not with just a what-the-fuck-where-am-I flinch. The knowledge that he was at least still suited up, whatever else had just happened, served to slow his pounding heart a little.
“You say that, but your opinion on what is and is not traumatic to look at is not likely to match mine, in this case.”
Steve couldn’t help smiling along with Tony’s crooked grin and single raised eyebrow, though he was still confused. “But, if that’s true, then why did you look at me like I’d just murdered someone when I said I was...?”
Steve films and edits this video shortly after the release of the newest StarkTab, after he’s had it for a couple of days. Tony will be in meetings all day, and Steve wants to send him this video to give him a giggle. His semi-fake-outrage is funny to both of them, and the tablet wasn’t even harmed during filming. (He’d stuffed a throw pillow into the wastebasket ahead of time, just to be sure.)
“Don’t say mean things about my daddy!” Sarah-Marie piped gleefully and clearly by rote. “My daddy is the best daddy and I love him and Papa loves him and, and be nice!” She finished with a gap-toothed grin.
Because he’s looking for something, anything, to call attention to other than bad news, Bucky starts to notice something.
“She has been, for two days,” Steve tried to keep his voice even and low; neither Clint nor Penny had done anything worth getting yelled at for, and he needed to remember that. “She comes out to eat and poop and then goes right back.”
“Peachy,” Tony quipped back at once. He faked a smile, but it faltered quickly and he seemed to give up on the act. “I’ll be fine,” he amended, much more softly.
On top of that, this isn’t quite that kind of news. There’s no finality. There’s hope, and a second shoe waiting to drop. It’s going to drive Steve crazy.
Steve shoved off the counter, smile fading, and headed for the elevators. “Okay, I’ll get her myself,” he sighed. “I think she’d like you better if we could rig some kind of direct positive reinforcement system for you to use. Some kind of reward you can give her without me needing to be there.”
Probably because Steve, like most people who had been on at least one mission with Iron Man, had figured out that if Tony was complaining, he was actually fine. It was when Tony insisted that he was perfectly all right and no, thanks, he would not like to go to medical, no need to take off the armor right now, Steve, stop asking--that’s when he should not be allowed to get as far as a room with lockdown protocols until he’d proven that all his bones were still lined up in the right order and none of his major organs had escaped.
Tony stares at him, eyes huge, neck scrunched down and ears flat back, as if maybe he’s just realized that in spite of knowing his name, Bucky is not, in fact, an old friend, but is, still, the alarming stranger who had arrived here amidst a lot of loud noises about twenty minutes ago. He steps back down onto the floor, head tucked down in chagrin, and mews lowly.
