Agent Romanoff steps out the jet, strutting as she makes her way towards them.
Because seeing Tony's name on his wrist when he woke up was the only thing grounding him since he came back.
"You're assuming it did," Bruce says.
"Best friends since childhood, Bucky Barnes and Steven Rogers were inseparable in both schoolyard and battlefield," the narrator says and Rhodey turns to give Tony a look.
“Mister Stark…how— I’m sorry, how did you contact me?” the Doctor asks, just slightly shaken in surprise. Rhodey walks over to Tony and looks over his shoulder.
Tony rests by the threshold and smiles widely with a frown on his face, Steve is drying his hands with a tiny towel. "Wow, are you my soulmate or something?" he jokes.
He walks through the streets of Vidin and forces himself to relax, as he’s done all these past months since he got free from them. Since he started running.
Steve chuckles and shrugs. “I was actually thinking they’re pretty good,” Steve says and looks at Tony.
“Bet it helps that you have the President on speed-dial and little golden boy over there,” he says, joking. He hasn’t changed a bit.
“Again, Mister Stark, it’s really just your decision. But if it were me, I’d wait a little, until this has been developed further. I’m sure you understand that technology is moving quickly than ever imagined, you helped making it so,” she says, smiling at last.
Steve jolts awake from the floor, with a sharp tingling on his jaw.
“Yesterday it was,” Tony mutters. “If we can harness this power, apply it to my Iron Legion protocol?”
Steve smiles and takes that in, feeling his heart warm.
"I didn't get that memo," Allen comments.
Thor bites in; he’s got his own girl to show off.
, he makes an appearance all by himself, landing inside the jet, all cape-y and superhero-ish.
"No, fuck you, Steve," he spits and shakes his arm off his grip. "I'm done talking, that's not gonna solve anything,"  he says and storms back inside his lab.
"Have you called Barton?" Steve diverts, but genuinely curious. Tony wasn't a SHIELD agent, but her soulmate was.
The doctor gives him a polite smile and puts his hands together. “Is that the only word on me?” he asks, looking around him.
“I am Iron Patriot—” Tony says in a mocking voice. “It sucks.”
Tony blinks with a single nod and Steve lets his head fall and he pulls Tony towards him, dropping a soft, big kiss on top of his scar, between his pecks.
, just like Howard could never see.
They both agree on something, again. Good.
“You have until tomorrow to build my missile,” the man says, before disappearing with his small army through the door.
“You don’t know this one man,” he says, simply.
“If it was, maybe we wouldn’t be having this conversation,” she says and Tony gives her a faint smile. “If you’re really decided for it, I can do some research on the safest places to get it done. Call it a favor I’ll surely collect some time,” she offers.
"Trail went cold about 100 miles out, but it's headed north," Thor says. "And it has the scepter," he explains, turning back to Tony. "Now we have to retrieve it, again."
Tony frowns for a bit but then shrugs it off. No Avengers business while he was here, that was the deal. “Well, I did fine last time, so I don’t think we got too much to worry about.”
"Ok, you outdid yourself this time, Mr. Billionaire," Clint had said, passing by him in the shooting practice room, when Tony showed it to him earlier.
"Are you on my team?" Tony shoots back.
Steve bites the inside of his cheek at that.
"Sorry," Clint explains, holding Natasha up as she wraps her arm around his shoulders. "I had to kick you, my hands are kinda full. We gotta go," he says, as they move out of the ship.
“Yeah, divide and conquer’s great but he knows he has to take us out to win, right?
smart,” Mickey says and Jimmy stops to stare at him, frowning.
“We're not finished yet,” Thor says, looking up to the Tower, where his brother still lies.
Steve stares at him for a second, thinks about Bucky and his bond with him but then decides to push those thoughts back as he glances down.
Tony nods. “So that means we can tell Steve about it,” he says, and almost makes up to go but Rhodey stops him.
He hates that there's a part of him that actually missed Fury.
They all turn to look at Steve.
her,” Tony repeats, his eyes widening comically. Pepper stares at him for a little long and then her mouth falls slightly open. Rhodey’s facepalming himself behind them.
Alone, he had said.
Rhodey just arches one eyebrow at him.
Tony peeks out through the window. “I'm sorry; this is the fun-vee. The hum-drum-vee is back there,” he tells him.
“Yeah, but she needs to take care of her wedding now. You have to be there for her, I get it.”
“This was taken six hours ago. It’s the closest we’ve got to him,” Allen adds, almost excitedly.
If Steve blushes Tony’s squishy, sleep-deprived brain is gonna lose it.
didn’t mistake me for Iron Man,” Rhodey comments.
Pepper just sighs. “His arms look like giant breasts,” she trails and Tony breaks into a smile.
“Stark, so help me God, if you make one more wisecrack—”
Álvarez bites his lower lip, and that does not do things to Rhodey’s insides; it’s just the shrimp Tony ordered earlier. “It’s really good to see you, James,” he says, sliding his hand to Rhodey’s knee, and he’s not sure what breaks the spell – the fact that Rhodey hasn’t heard his first name in ages, that Álvarez’s mark can be seen clearly as he puts his hand on his leg or the fact that he is putting his hand on his leg.
The simple touch makes Steve’s stomach do a flip, but it nearly makes his eyes water up, too.
Peggy shakes her head. “This is out of your hands, Steve. SHIELD has no jurisdiction over terrorist attacks,” she explains.
Tony notices Maya turning from her computer, a resigned look on her face. "Just like old times, huh?"
But Tony can't be bothered, and under no circumstances can he leave. All there is now, like it has been lately, is work to do.
Rhodey turns from Ross to him and sees Yu holding an open file with redacted encryption and a picture Rhodey can't really make out.
“Air Force Captain James Rhodes. Personal friend of Mister Stark,” the house speaks.
“Hey, guess you’re not alone anymore, sour-patch,” Tony says, tilting his head to give Rhodey a genuine smile. There’s a faint hint of sadness on his big, puppy brown eyes but Rhodey gets it, he’s been there. For all the things they wanted to be extraordinaire, they also wanted to belong sometimes.
“The closet, dude. You’re still in the closet,” he expands, honest to a flaw like they were still in 1993.
"Hey, Peggy," Steve breathes, his voice almost cracking as he smiles and his eyes water up.
He has no idea what just happened but he's sure it's got something to do with Loki's little magic wand.
Steve throws the towel over his shoulder and walks over to him, and gives him a soft kiss on the lips.
“It’s been only three years since the last thing I remember doing was putting the Cube underwater along with myself,” Steve says, low. “Tony, I woke up to think I had lost everything,” he adds, his face down.
“Jim, it’s worse than just that,” Allen adds when Rhodey won’t turn his eyes off the television.
He got up from the couch and moved Tony from his sitting position to lay him down, just like he did back at his apartment, months ago.
“Your father is flying us to the Bahamas for a little getaway,” she shares, touching on some of the keys.
"Because it's fun. Isn't it fun, Nat?" Clint asks but Natasha's too busy talking to the little girl about her braids.
“ржaвый,” the handler nearly spits. He stares back with a twist of his neck. It's fun when he puts up a fight but he doesn’t have the energy to now.
Tony bites his lower lip as he nods, but then he lets his head fall once more. “The fuck am I gonna do now, man?” he asks, rhetorically, and walks to the window.
“Don’t ask me to let you walk into the gates of hell again, man,” Rhodes says, his arms open.
Steve bites his lower lip and looks at the computer again. “Alright,” he mutters. “But I was also wondering about the debrief package you left me, there were – I mean the profiles there, I notice there’s a couple of people missing here,” Steve trails, taking one hand out of his pockets to point out at the computer, where the file of the familiar agent is still open.
It’s clean and beige and white and everything Tony imagined Steve would be like, not entirely unlike the room he made for him at the Tower. “So this is why you turned down my offer at the Tower?” Tony asks, but there’s no real complaint in his tone.
“Ha, ha,” he fake-laughs in return, and they get inside the car.
"You mean the villain?" Rhodey replies, quirking an eyebrow and Allen just shrugs. "Yeah, no. He's his soulmate," Rhodey replies, casually checking his phone in case Tony's left him any messages or anything.
Natasha's green eyes stare at him and her eyebrows curve in a questioning look. "If it was the other way around, and it was down to me to save your life —now you be honest with me— would you trust me to do it?" she asks, her voice unfaltering.
Tony’s grin grows wider but he looks down. “I had it under control,” he says.
Tony moves his head, doesn’t know what to say and Steve gives him a stern look.
Bruce takes a breath and Tony swallows. He knows in his heart this is the right thing to do. They need to be ready for whatever’s out there, and this thing is the only thing that can help them achieve that.
would solve all of our problems?"
Tony takes a breath and a gulp of his drink again, which is clear but faintly green, nothing Steve can identify. “So, Aunt Peggy,” says Tony, shuffling over to a couch. “What’d she say?”
“Oh, no—did they rope you into this?” Tony asks, just a little ashamed.
“Miss Carter,” Jarvis calls instead and Peggy pops out of the other room; she must’ve heard the whole thing.
“What do you mean?” he asks with a frown.
Steve smiles brightly at him and he leans forward to kiss him when there's a loud knock on the door.
“Obie, what the hell? This is my friend, James Rhodes. He’s from MIT,” Tony steps in and Rhodey swallows and puts on his best manners suit, forcing himself not to glare at the man as he shakes his hand.
Then he looks down and looks at his mark out of impulse, his hands are shaking.
He's about to turn to the left when a black truck, with dark windows, stops in front of him, making him press the breaks so hard they make a noise.
Tony lets out a breath and looks down.
‘Sneaky Miss Potts’, he thinks.
“Well, I never got around thanking you for the help with the suit back at the Vanko attack,” Rhodey says and she waves him off. Rhodey takes a look around at the table and opens his mouth to say something but then doesn’t, instead gives a somewhat of a helpless look to his best friend.
"'Their'?"
“Me too. She’s a famous biochemist, has written a couple of papers—”
But he swallows and just asks: “Is something wrong?”, which translates to 'Did I do something wrong?'.
They still haven’t really discussed the whole thing.
It doesn’t take them long to realize the monsters cannot be controlled, not like he is. There’s a faint memory of him rebelling against his holders in different facilities, different eras, a long time ago.
" Tony cuts in, his eyes on him. "Isn't that the mission?" he asks and Steve feels like there's blood in his mouth.
'Hey, so, I have to catch and probably kill your soulmate's best friend,' is not something one casually mentions. Especially when Rhodey's not even sure about the whole plan itself.
"Lying on a marshmallow. Feel like I'm gonna sink right to the floor," Steve cuts in, all too knowing and Sam nods. "How long?" he asks.
“Stark, we need to talk,” the agent says as Tony sighs.
know,” Pepper adds.
“No, but this...This brings it to a close,” Thor agrees.
Tony narrows his eyes. “But you don’t wanna live with me. I get it,” he blurts out, trying to be funny, but Steve tenses up at the phrase.
“Whatever— Miss Potts, got a sec?” Tony calls for Pepper, who excuses herself and goes over to him. “You know, I had this whole Stark Tower thing planned for a reason?” he whispers.
“Exactly. Yes.”
“Oh, please, like you haven’t thought so yourself,” Tony adds, jokingly.
It’s like everything he does is important for some reason.
He stands up, facing them, in the broad daylight. They're gonna know what hit them.
In no time, they manage to get SHIELD’s files hacked and closer to the Cube. But just some shy minutes before that, one Nick Fury steps in.
"All deference to the Man Who Wouldn't Be King, but it's rigged," Tony says.
Rhodey shakes his head. "Not to kill him, I don't," Rhodey says, then he grabs the photo of Barnes in uniform and looks at it once more. "I just— I can't help but feel that he's a consequence, you know? That he— he didn't ask for this shit. I mean, if he really is alive then he's— he's a war victim, Tommy. We shouldn't be prosecuting him, we should be helping him."
"We are here to help. We are here to help," the suit speaks.
Tony wets his lips careful before his tongue pops all out and he licks the back of Steve's cock all the way up to the tip, ceremoniously.
“The brand-newest Iron Man armor, yes,” Tony says and takes a few steps back to look at his own work.
Right.
He takes the rifle from its tripod and begins running before he hears the second heat signature at the apartment make a run for him.
“That man has
“I was wrong, Director. The world hasn't changed a bit,” the Captain says, just as Natasha comes into the room, with Thor at her side.
"I don't deserve you, Honeybear," Tony says, simply. A tiny smile on his face.
They've stopped from getting far at least four times now. Steve lets his body follow the flow but his mind rushes and he starts panicking every time. It's like he's back to being fifteen and having no idea what to do.
The Captain however isn’t taking the bait. “Yet you're confused about why they didn't want you around,” he says.
But Tony looks at him like he's seen that promise break before. And Steve realizes he's filled with fears, too.
Tony’s smiling façade fades slowly, replaced with a somewhat somber expression. He looks down, tired, but unashamed. His shoulders are curved down and he looks tiny. The angle works enough for Steve to see Tony’s lower lip tremble, like breathing makes him shake.
Though doing a few missions with them wasn’t exactly bad for him. Rhodey would easily admit to liking having a 'crew'. Only with a few beers in his system, though.
“Monkeys? I do not understand,” Thor says, frowning.
Steve feels a different kind of proud when Tony chokes on his drink.
All one swift motion and he's nearly all bare.
Last night, he decided he might as well go now or he was never going to leave. Cuddling naked with Steve was proving to be quite addictive.
Steve can’t help himself from returning it. “I still wanted to say it, though,” he says, a second later, looking down this time. It’s not the only thing he wants to talk about, but he fears it’s the only thing they can afford to talk about.
lying on the street, right next to the spot Tony’s armor is supposedly in. “Holy shit! That’s some situation,” he says, just as he lands in front of the place. “There you are, Martini. Street level, not like you. Don’t tell me you got a building dropped on you,” he says, taking deep breaths.
“You experience things and then they're over and you still can't explain 'em,” he says, his eye squinting a little. “Gods, aliens, other dimensions. I— I'm just a man in a can,” he adds, shrugging. “The only reason I haven't cracked up is probably because we moved back here and, like, you’ve been with me this whole time. Which is great. I love you, I'm lucky you’re here. But, Pep, I can't sleep,” he finishes, his voice almost cracking.
Steve looks at him slightly surprised but then he goes back to his clothes. "Took him long enough," he mutters. "Did he say anything interesting?"
“I couldn't sleep till I found out how it went. How did it go?” he asks.
"Alright, fine," Rhodey gives in, then he steps closer to Tony before looking over his shoulder that no one was near. "I found him," he shares, smiling.
,” he mocks. “I’m a Second Lieutenant, I told you at the graduation rave,” he says, reminding him.
“No, no, no, I'm gonna live forever,” Clint replies, tiredly. “I'm gonna be made of plastic,” he adds amused.
It makes Rhodey chuckle.
“Mister Stark,” Steve says, because he can’t help it.
Tony hears Steve gasp and something knocks them over on the couch. It’s the armor, grabbing Steve’s shoulder so tight it will surely bruise him.
“Just get him here. We're low on time,” Fury adds, before cutting the line.
They make it to the Tower after they're done relocating everyone on the carriers to a survivors shelter while the authorities figure out what they're gonna do with the people who lost their homes and Stark Relief Foundation begins working on re-building.
“It’s only sweet at nighttime, dude. You come here at 2 PM on a sunny day and you’ll get the tan of your life,” he jokes, taking two bottles at once and flipping them open.
Maya flinches like Pepper's name is a final blow, and inhales shakily. Tony can only hope that Maya is realizing how wrong she's gone.
But this time, as Steve was about to leave, Tony grabbed him by his wrist, his fingers curling up around it, covering his own name on Steve’s skin. “Don’t—go,” Tony whispered, his eyes closed.
He walks through the building and makes it to the HR offices thanks to the help of the signposting gods. He taps on the open glass door and enters.
They kick off almost immediately, Rhodey’s having a hard time trying to remember the last time he made a friend so fast but he’s coming up empty. At only sixteen (‘Bordering on seventeen, mind you, sugarbear’), Tony was pure excitement and rush, an explosion of creativity and hyper-activeness; all curled up into a 5’2 ball of glasses and daddy issues.
"I'm not gonna fight you," the man says, letting his shield fall through a broken window into the water below. "You're my friend," he adds and his blue eyes lock on his.
“Thanks for the vow of confidence,” Rhodey remarks.
Rhodey walks in through the mountains of boxes and scraps and car parts and — is that a pizza box?—and chuckles when he gets to Tony. He pokes him on the shoulder, where ‘James Rhodes’ can be seen through the thin white Stark Industries shirt and Tony groans.
"Only when engaged," Maria answers. "Mostly guys left in a fugue state going on about old memories, worst fears, and 'something too fast to see'," she trails off.
“Then you should be out, celebrating, seeing the world,” Nick says, making his way towards him.
, he defensively thought back then.
“Master Anthony,” Jarvis greets him with his tender eyes and slightly curved stance as he opens the door for him. Tony gives him a hug that lasts longer than usual and then lets go of him to fix the wrinkles he left on Jarvis’ suit.
Never.
Hydra wasn't dead. It was more alive and in power than ever and Steve would feel like crying for three days straight if it wasn't for the fact that he was pissed and ready to punch people.
“No, God no. He’s at the hospital now,” she’s quick to say and Tony takes a breath. “But it’s not good, Tony,” she adds, her voice almost breaking.
“I would like to introduce you to our guest, Dr. Wu.,” the man says, showing him to who the doctor must be.
"So..." Tony trails off. "Look, it's not a big deal," he says.
Tony looks over to the room, still avoiding making eye contact with
And a week later, when Rhodey’s about to go back to base, Tony shares quite the piece of information: “Oh, I forgot to tell you,” he says as Rhodey’s about to get into his rental car. “Obie is quite positive we might be landing a military contract next month,” he says and Rhodey widens his eyes. “They were a bit doubtful at first because they say I’m no Howard but Obie managed to convince them I’m the real deal,” he adds.
He starts the engine of his motorcycle and makes his way back to the facility in no time. Not bothering to take in his surroundings.
"— about why you needed to create Ultron," Steve says, looking over Tony's head.
floor—Cap’s floor.
Pierce leaves with four men following after him and the room is left empty, only people at the other side of the door. Free people.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Oh, God, what’s the problem? I already graduated; I have no one to answer to anymore. Who cares if I spend 48 hours passed out on some stranger’s floor because of some stupid, juvenile partying?”
“You, too, Steve,” Peggy says. “Make sure you come back when you can,” she adds, squeezing his hands. “And bring Tony with you. It’s been far too long since I saw him.”
“Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that we're—”
“Take it easy. Tony,” Rhodey says, rubbing his back.
Tony tilts his head. "You know, I don't think us having sex is gonna stop Ultron from destroying the world, no," he jokes.
Rhodey looks down in regret. "That's not what I meant to say, sir. All I'm saying is that— the Winter Soldier? He's just a pawn. HYDRA should be our top priority, not some puppet-man," he says.
Steve just lets out a short breath and replays the last couple of hours in his head. Absolute, freaking weird chaos.
“Good work,” Karpov congratulates smugly, standing behind him in the corner.
“Yep, there is great, Hap,” he says, sinking into one of the chairs. “Now leave before Rhodey pops a vein or something,” he jokes, and Rhodey glares.
Sam shakes his head softly, smiling. "No, you can't."
is looking at him. Tony keeps his eyes straight ahead and keeps himself from swallowing nervously.
,” he says, his Tony Stark brand smile on his face, but he looks like he wants to die. Rhodey wants to face-palm himself in second-hand embarrassment.
But when he opens them, he thinks he’s still dreaming.
He has a couple of more suits flying and charging against them and all Tony's left to do is run to his suit, carefully sitting in his lab, a few floors below.
“Oh, no, this is much worse,” the doctor adds before they walk inside, into the command area of the carrier.
party. It's just us, your friends, you know, people who care about you— besides, we're also celebrating Rhodey's promotion," Pepper clarifies but Tony knows better.
Tony steps out of the limo metaphorically dragging his entire being across the ground. The four hours’ drive back to Manhattan did nothing to ease his nerves, nothing to undo the anxious knot in his gut.
“Are you coming, Captain?” Thor asks, when Steve stands looking at the elevator for far too long.
"James Barnes, yes. You know him?" Yu realizes.
Steve's smile had erased but Natasha was smirking. "You mean you?" she asked then.
His frown grows deeper as he says: “It’s also a last name,” with an unsaid ‘duh’ in the back.
“Ok, take a breather—I’m about to make your day slightly better,” Pepper says, a small smile on her face.
Steve gives him a smile, tilting his head a little. “I guess we’ll have to just talk, then,” he says, shrugging.
“—Why should I do anything?” Tony cuts him off, not raising his voice. “They're gonna kill me, you, either way, if they don't, I'll probably be dead in a week,” he adds.
“I came alone,” the man presses, relaxed.
They all turn to Natasha next but she just lays back on the couch. "No, no. That's not a question I need answered," she says, simply, and sips on her beer.
Tony hands the woman the prize, going: “Wow, would you look at that? That's something else; I don’t have any of those floating around”. He makes his new bet then, “We're gonna let it ride!” he yells and takes the dices into his fist. “Give me a hand, will ya'? Give me a little something-something,” he tells the woman, putting his hand in front of her face for her to blow at it faintly. “You too,” he says, putting the hand in front of Rhodey.
Bucky would know what to do.
“I know there’s no music, but I believe I owe you a dance, ma’am,” Steve says, standing to offer her his hand.
“Trouble sleeping?” a voice comes from the back door. He turns just barely to find the man from the former S.S.R. standing.
Major Allen gives him the uttermost sympathetic smile Rhodey’s ever received.
"No, of course you don't, Stark. 'Cause we don't talk about stuff," Clint says, an innocent smile on his face. "Which is fine, I don't need all my friends to know all my shit. Whatever. That's what I got Natasha for, but— I fear that's your problem here with Cap, right? You guys don't talk?"
It was nice.
"Hi, sweetheart!" Clint says, hugging her, then he puts his arm around the boy. "Hey, buddy. How are you guys doing?"
He doesn't avert his eyes from those deep brown ones even though every cell of his body is acting like he's been poured with acid.
“Mister Rhodes, this way,” Jarvis calls him up, standing in front of a big double-door. Rhodey walks up to him and swallows as Jarvis pushes the doors open silently.
"They need you there?" Steve asks, nodding, understanding.
"That would affect the team—"
"—Sadly, yeah, that is very normal—"
To the left side was the door that led to the kitchen, and to the right there were three doors.
“What was she like?” Steve asks, curious.
“Hey! Way to go, my boy,” he celebrates. “I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?”
“Make your move, Reindeer Games,” Iron Man warns Loki, pointing his flashy guns at him.
They grow closer despite the rocky start. Álvarez can talk to no end about nearly every topic you throw his way, and even if he's utterly talking out of his ass he makes you believe he knows what he's talking about.
“Are you blocking my transfer now?” Rhodey asks, frowning.
“That could help, sure,” Rhodey says, but his voice doesn’t sound any less down.
"Shit!" Tony curses into the comms after he hits the shield around the HYDRA Research Base they finally had found.
It was more than just some moral toll. It was like his whole body was against it.
“Um,” Steve says at the panel, not knowing where the common floor was.
The roof falling on their heads after hearing everything Zola told them perfectly symbolizes how he currently feels, Steve muses as he carries Natasha's unconscious body out of the mess without getting spotted.
"I have no problem talking about it, especially because I can't change a thing," he says. "But I understand why you wouldn't," he adds, being honest.
“I know, I just— I want him to feel like he can talk to me about this kind of stuff. I’ll understand,” Tony says, making a pout at the end.
"About being an open book or about whatever he told you about yourself?" Steve asks, sitting on the bed, his back against the headboard.
"He also said he killed somebody," Clint adds.
Steve lets out a chuckle and sits back on his chair, too. "Right. Especially since I like men," he says, just when Tony's taking his last sip of coke.
By the way, this fic turns a year in a couple of days, on May 7, as I also turn a new leaf (a day before, on May 6). I would like to say it's been a journey but thanks to Endgame that very word is giving me war flashbacks. And besides, we're only just starting to get the good stuff so.
Steve shakes his head. "It's okay."
Tony swallows and looks back for a second before he looks around him. "And I'm the man who killed the Avengers," he confesses, keeping tears from forming in his eyes.
"Where is this guy now?" Cap asks.
when to keep a promise.
They stay like that for a much needed time when Peggy’s phone rings.
“What’re you thinking, then?” He inquired softly, knowing something was off regardless. Steve merely took a breath, feeling his boyfriend’s touch bring him comfort.
A night in late fall, when the beauty of the season had long since withered to dead brown foliage and grey skies, the team nestled closely into the communal living area, having a movie night. Natasha sat cross-legged on the love seat, Clint next to her with his feet on her lap. Bruce sat in a plush recliner while Thor sat in front of him on the floor, a pillow in his lap, and a plethora of candies by his side. This left Steve and Tony on the other couch, and Tony really tried to focus on the film, or basically anything besides the super soldier sitting next to him. He would look at Steve only once and a while, each time finding something even more endearing than the last. Like when there was a jump scare in the film and Steve just about flew the popcorn bowl back when he gasped. Or when he went to eat said popcorn and a few kernels missed his mouth, settling on the hem of his shirt and jeans. Why did Tony think
“Oh my God,” Steve cried, his eyes shut tight as he felt everything out. Tony pulled off then, nibbling at the leaking tip before taking Steve in once more. He opened his eyes when he heard his love gag, and Tony stilled his hips with a strong grip. Steve had been so beside himself he hadn’t realized he had been thrusting into Tony’s wet heat.
It was late February now, around two months since Steve and Tony had assumed the roles of boyfriends. When Steve thought about it all, it still baffled his mind, like this was all just an amazing dream. But then, Steve would see Tony, wrap his arms around the smaller man and kiss him sweetly. It was those quiet moments that reminded him that he and Tony as a couple wasn’t a dream at all, but a wonderful reality.
“Wa-wait. I was actually heading to your lab to go over some Avenger reports,” Steve rushed out, turning to follow Tony back into the elevator. Tony stopped him simply with a hand to Steve’s solid chest.
“Tony, I-I’m gonna come,” Steve whined, his eyes closed as he arched into Tony’s touch when he pulled and plucked at his reddening nipples with calloused fingers.
With his eyes roaming over the man’s image, Tony eyed Steve’s insane shoulder to hip ratio, remembering how he took note of it when the blonde walked out in his towel at the Bed and Breakfast. He could picture how the muscles shifted under his creamy skin as he grabbed his change of clothes. Tony let out a frustrated noise, swiping the super soldier’s image away.
Finishing with those sweet kisses along his love’s body, Tony leaned up, helping the super soldier turn over until he was laying on his back and Tony was hovering over him. Steve gazed up at his love, smiling tiredly as he stretched underneath the genius like a cat.
He giggled as he took a handful of the white suds and blew them at Tony, the bubbles softly hitting him in the face. Tony laughed too, wiping his face clean before plopping some bubbles on the end of Steve’s nose.
"Shall I send this project to the interns of Stark Industries, Sir?" J.A.R.V.I.S asked Tony as he looked over the equations and schematics.
It was the next morning that Steve had a knock on his apartment door. He was in the middle of sifting through the documents he made copies of at SHIELD. It took a lot of coaxing for them to let him have copies, but once Nick Fury gave direct permission, the director of archives reluctantly gave Steve the documents.
It was a gorgeous sight, the visage of Steve fucking himself on Tony’s fingers, the gravity of the blonde’s weight allowing for the digits to bury deeply inside the man. The genius swirled them around within Steve’s channel, searching for the man’s sweet spot. Steve’s breathing was a mixture of raspy inhales, followed by ragged exhales. He shifted himself onto his lover’s hand, wanting more, needing to be filled by the man he loved.
“Hey Steve, how’s it going?” Tony asked, propping himself up on the multitude of pillows. He could see Steve’s hair was a bit damp, the thin white shirt he wore clinging to wet and bulging muscles; he must have just got out of the shower.
"Well," Bruce began, fiddling with his lab coat. "That's the thing about soulmates. They were developed as a survival characteristic in primitive times. But that trait still lives on even in modern times. And with that is love, reliability..." Bruce trailed off before continuing. "It makes perfect sense that Steve and you would be soulmates." Bruce gave a small smile, patting Tony on the back. "It might seem inconvenient now, but in time you'll see why you are destined for one another."
“Marvelous,” Tony said under his breath, completely shocked by Steve rapid healing. The scientist within Tony wanted to know how everything in this sea creature’s body functioned, as if to take him apart to understand. But Tony was not like the members of his crew, where they saw Steve as a creature beneath human life, or just some spectacle.
“I know,” Steve replied. “I just don’t want you to find me to be, not masculine because of it,” Steve confessed.
“Have you ever been around someone, someone that you saw in a certain light for quite a long time. And then all of a sudden there is a shift, and it’s too late to realize you’ve fallen for them?” Tony asked, his mouth speaking faster than his brain realizing it. Steve stopped drawing then, eyes looking to Tony, his brows furrowed in thought.
“What do you have in mind?” The blonde inquired.
“I did, though what do we plan on using it for? Is it a new lube?” Steve was honestly curious. Tony stopped licking at Steve’s neck and pulled his hands away, resting them on the man’s narrow hips. Tony reached for the glass bottle, holding it up for Steve to see. He tipped it so his boyfriend could see the contents move slowly inside.
Steve closed his eyes and smiled boyishly, nuzzling into his boyfriend’s touch. He could feel where their chests and hips pressed together, could feel their hardened lengths rubbing through their jeans.
“We’ll release him back once Doctor Banner sees to his unfortunate injury. I promise son.” Obadiah patted Tony on the shoulder, looking at the inventor with an assurance.  Tony eyed him, but ultimately backed down, taking a deep breath.
“You know, they lasted a lot longer than I had expected,” Tony said after a bit, catching his breath from laughter.
Tony crashed his lips against Steve’s without a moment’s notice and kissed his lover breathless. Tony’s hands roamed over Steve’s taut body, feeling the silk and chiffon of the super soldier’s nightie underneath his palms, Steve’s muscles shifting under the lingerie fluidically
They went to shower, Steve making sure to clean the mirror from the white mess he made first. When they readied for bed, the men stopped, looking at the poor comforter.
Tony slowly, and as quietly as he could, opened his bedroom door of Avengers Tower. He instantly smiled wildly upon seeing Steve nestled under those soft sheets of his bed, strong arms wrapped securely around one of Tony’s pillows. That made the genius’s heart pinch a little, knowing Steve was missing Tony as much as Tony was missing him. Tony wasn’t able to really get ahold of Steve much while he was away, the place where he was not having any reception do to classification purposes.
“No, not with her. That moment when she punched a cocky soldier in the face, I knew I had fallen for her,” Steve clarified, laughing lightly then.
“You wanna know what I think?” Natasha said after a pause. “From one friend to another, I think you should talk to him. Be honest. You taught me that honesty is best,” she laughed lightly, her bluish green eyes soft. If he’s truly your friend, he won’t slight you for it. Hell, he may even have something to reveal to you too.”
“Wow, you taste amazing, love,” Steve mumbled against his hole, eliciting a strangled whimper from the brunette. The blonde held onto Tony’s sides while he licked with the flat of his tongue over the man’s entrance and up to his spine, slowly and steadily. He was sweating as well as Tony, the room warm, air thick as he flicked his tongue around the man’s pink glistening rim, the chocolate sauce long gone by now.
The next day, Tony harbored away to his lab once more, needing something,
“You boys aren’t from around here are you?” Jerry asked, scooping up some minnows into a bucket for them.
Steve’s eyes found their way back to the couple once more, his emotions bubbling up within him. Pepper squeezed Tony’s bicep affectionately, her eyes glistening at him in the moonlight. Tony in return brushed a few long strands of hair behind her ear, cupping her petite jaw with a thumb and forefinger. Steve wanted Tony to look at him that way, with a world of adoration swimming in his deep, chocolatey eyes. And Steve, he wished to feel the beautiful muscles that rippled underneath Tony’s well-made clothing.
“About what?”
“My favorite stories Aunt Peggy told me were her missions with the Howling Commandos and Captain America, whom we have with us here tonight,” Sharon said with a smile, looking to Steve before people began clapping for him. The man of course blushed at the attention and gave a shy wave. Tony wondered how the man got through all those promotional videos and USO shows.
“God,” Tony breathed, trying to get a reign on himself, the tight heat of Steve’s body overwhelmingly electrifying. “You feel so good, Steve. Never felt anything quite like this,” he said honestly, and Steve felt a bubble of pride rise inside him, knowing Tony was enjoying this just as much as him.
When he eventually gained some train of thought, Steve sat them both up before lifting Tony in his arms protectively, a hand under the man’s bum, the other around his defined shoulders. The brunette on instinct wrapped his legs around Steve’s small waist, his own arms securing around the back of the blonde’s neck before Tony leaned in to claim his love’s lips again. Steve had never wanted this so much in his life, he felt, wanting for him and Tony to consummate the love they had for each other.
“Someone’s a bit assertive today,” Tony hummed, leaning in to kiss Steve’s temple.  “Missing all of my undivided attention I give you?” the brunette teased.
“I only speak the truth, beloved.” Tony smiled dotingly down at the man beneath him, taking a moment of pause to just appreciate each other’s presence. Leaning forward, Tony took a deep breath, stretching his body over Steve’s to lay a kiss on his lips and chin before he explored downward, focusing on one of the super soldier’s nipples, taking the rosy bud in his mouth eagerly. The breathy gasps and moans that rolled off Steve’s tongue made Tony desperate to touch himself. He couldn’t, not yet anyway. So, he continued on, flicking his tongue over that reddening peak on Steve’s chest, biting and sucking at it while his fingers found the other nipple once more. Never wavering, Tony rolled that pert flesh between his fingertips, feeling Steve lurch underneath him at the extra touch.
Picking it up, Steve flipped to the picture he had been working on before he helped Tony with his car. It was just a rough image of Tony, leaning against the car, arms folded across his chest, his eyes cast down, a small smiled etched on his face. Steve felt his heart thrumming wildly. Damn, how was he supposed to get over this crush of his?
“Uhn, T-Tony. Need you,” Steve said in a whine, his voice a higher pitch than usual. All of his boyfriend’s talk about how his body looked, along with his continuous stretching of his entrance, Steve thought he was going to lose it. His cock was weeping with precome, the mess pooling in the dips of his abdominal muscles. Steve wanted to touch himself terribly, but also didn’t want to climax until Tony was buried deep inside him. The super soldier knew he wouldn’t last long if Tony kept fingering him with such fluidic and mesmerizing movements.
The team eventually defeated the bad guys. But all Tony could question was at what cost did it take? He rushed Steve to the hospital in his Iron Man suit, following behind the doctors as they hurried the blonde into surgery. Tony paced the waiting room, his heart racing, his mind whirring until it was allowed for him to see Steve.
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve replied, his fingertips brushing at the brunette’s cropped and styled facial hair. “That’ll never change,” The super soldier added, which set Tony’s heart aflutter. Tony responded with a heated yet loving kiss to Steve’s mouth, everything truly perfect.
“Oh Tony, I do. I really do know,” Steve said, his chest filling with butterflies while he laid a kiss on Tony’s forehead, brushing a few dark strands from it with his lips. He slid his lingerie down over his legs then, letting it hang around his ankles before he grabbed the chocolate bottle once more and poured a good amount in his hand. He shifted himself back slightly and took Tony’s gorgeous, warm erection into his hand, stroking him slowly, working the chocolate all over his shaft.
?” Tony asked, calling his assistant by her preferred name. He then spotted that folder in her hands. “Is that the dossier of the company?” The inventor spoke before Pepper could. She flicked a curl of golden-red hair over her shoulder before handing Tony the folder and leaning against his work space, careful to not get the skirts of her bustle dress dirty.
“Yes,” Steve said simply, bringing his own hands up to undo the rest of the latches for Tony. He slid the designer shirt off of Tony’s sculpted shoulders, revealing his arc reactor which cast them in a pale blue lighting.
“I’m gonna head in, Cap,” Tony said, rising up then and shrugging the blanket off his shoulders, only to drape it around the blonde.
"You're a man of science..." Tony breathed, spinning around in his chair quickly.
“Well, you know Pepper is always right,” Rhodey said lightly, and Tony huffed a laugh. “Is Steve someone you’d like to, you know, date?” Tony nodded, looking at him with a pout. “Well then, ask him on a date.”
Tony was captivated every time Steve came, watching the man as his mouth parted into that perfect O, eyebrows furrowed up and long lashes resting against his cheekbones. The feeling that engulfed Tony, that seeped through the lust and sex, was love. Steve was his…and he was Steve’s.
Pepper just giggled and rolled her eyes at him. “Loving someone isn’t only about sex,” she said, basically reading his mind and smacking him lightly on the chest playfully. “It’s about the heart connection, emotional bonding.”
All Steve could think of then was not himself, but his pod...Natasha, Sam, and Nick. He failed them, like he failed Bucky. He was not able to protect them, or the other creatures in the sea. That was the only thing he felt was his purpose...to help those who could not defend themselves. He jeopardized their safety and location too by being captured. Merpeople were not a rogue species, these humans would know there were more of his kind nearby.
“I may not be an expert on fishing,” Tony chuckled, casting his line perfectly. “But I don’t think that’s how it works.”
“I know, but I really want you to come while I’m deep in you,” Tony admitted, kissing at the base of Steve’s neck.
Tony giggled excitedly, loving how desperate Steve was becoming. He knew exactly what the man wanted, and Tony would oblige, eventually. He nuzzled in against Steve’s opening once more, blowing on it teasingly, Steve moaning so beautifully for him as he did so. He watched as the man’s hole quivered as he blew on it once more, the tight pink skin wet from his tongue. “You liking me down here, eating your ass, Steve?” Tony asked huskily, rubbing his facial hair roughly along the insides of Steve’s’ lush ass cheeks.
“With Peggy?” There was another pause with Steve, his cheeks deepening a shade.
Breathing hard, Steve leaned back, Tony’s bottom lip caught between his teeth as he did so. “Let’s try this out now, huh?” Steve asked, reaching for the sauce. He looked at it a moment, a frazzled expression on his features. “Should we have warmed it up first?”
“Can you kneel on the bed for me Steve?” Tony asked, guiding Steve to turn towards the bed. Steve easily complied, kneeling on the edge of it and folding his arms under him, presenting himself wide for his love. “You read my mind,” Tony said, finding his way between Steve’s feet. He watched Steve’s pale pink hole winking at him, waiting for Tony to lick it. With a hand on each of Steve’s bum cheeks, Tony dug his nails into the flesh as he pressed his mouth to Steve’s entrance.
All he could do was tinker, to keep the panic attacks and nightmares away. As he worked, Tony unknowingly kept randomly touching his inner shoulder, where the soul mark was placed on the characters in his dream.
“It’s all right now,” the inventor cooed, his eyes bright and comforting as the merman wriggled beneath the rope. “I promise, I will not harm you,” Tony said, smiling kindly. The merman seemed to understand him, or at least he understood his tone and demeanor. The blonde sea creature’s shoulders relaxed and he slowed his swishing tail. The brunette grinned sweetly, his chocolate brown eyes swimming with reassurance as the merman’s blue eyes emanated the trust he began to feel towards Tony.
“How ya doin’, Cap?” Tony said, looking at the blonde expectantly. It made sense, Steve figured. He never came down here, so Tony probably just thought he needed something.
Steve’s coat was soaked, the dark fabric heavy on him as he dodged a snowball from Clint. He didn’t hear Tony shout “look out!” until it was too late and he careened into the man, both of them tumbling to the snow laden ground.
“Those civilians were in danger, I had to do something,” Steve started before Thor dropped down, shaking the ground with his landing as well as disrupting his teammates’ inevitable argument.
“Oh I’ve copped out on him many times. What’s one more?”
“That’s never gonna happen, Cap,” Tony said amused. “But, it’s surly going to be entertaining for two men who’ve never fished before try to figure this all out,” Tony laughed, grabbing up that awesome red and gold pole. “What are we even fishing for?”
“Did my passcode change for the lab? I can’t seem to get inside.
And so he did…
He was known to the rest of the merfolk pod as Steven, though he much preferred to be called Steve. He led a defense group within their pod, protecting the helpless and patrolling their sea dwelling borders, on the surface and below. Mostly, they looked out for traces of the human world, like ships or other land items. The merpeople hadn’t always been on guard for human presence; It wasn’t long ago that merfolk and humans lived harmoniously amongst each other. They’d once traded goods, language and skills. That time was gone though. Some humans had turned against the mermaids and mermen, hurting the sea creatures and capturing them for trade. The merfolk communities were forced to flee from the shores of land, living away in random pockets of the sea.
“Don’t worry about it. I am sure it wasn’t your computer,” Steve heard Tony mumble before thanking the man.
The brunette’s facial hair tickled and gently scratched on the sensitive skin of Steve’s ass and entrance, each brush of his cropped beard reddening Steve’s pale skin. Every passing swipe added a slight bit more burning to his skin, making Steve jolt away, only to shove back in earnest, wanting more of that sweet, raw sensation.
“Mhmm,” Steve hummed. When he felt Tony close behind him, Steve pushed his bum back, rubbing in against Tony’s aroused length.
“Hey, at least I had a fish interested in me,” Tony joked. “I bet I’ll get the most fish today,” he challenged, grinning deviously.
“Oh,” Tony said when he looked down and saw Steve’s problem. “Well, hello there,” Tony giggled, causing Steve to scowl at him.
“Gotcha,” Tony said, looking at anything but Steve. He was so close to telling Steve how he felt. But how could he do that when he was schmoozing with that blonde chick. Tony could assume that she was the one who had Steve’s affections. Tony wasn’t blind nor naïve.
“Dammit, Clint! What’d you do?!” she yelled, followed by a roar from a raging Hulk. Steve and Tony sprang to their feet, running to the rest of their teammates to try and get a green and angry Bruce into the tower where the
Hours ticked by slowly. Tony never left however, only to use the bathroom. Natasha and Sam came in every now and then to check on he and Steve. Bruce brought the brunette a few big cups of coffee, which Tony was very grateful for.
“Yeah, Steve?”
“Obie, I do not want us to make any decisions with Hydra Energy until I have truly looked over everything, all right?” Tony explained firmly, though he wondered how stern he looked with a wrapped, swollen hand. “And what did you do with that merman? Did you return him to the sea?”
“Here, allow me,” Tony whispered, fully enthralled with his lover. The brunette slipped the hoodie off of Steve’s shoulders, letting the thick fabric fall away, exposing the upper lingerie garment Steve wore. “Do you like it?” Tony queried.
Steve giggled, turning in Tony’s grasp and laying his hands on the brunette’s chest. “I guess so,” Steve replied, leaning in to kiss his boyfriend sweetly. He missed the softness of Tony’s mouth on his, the man’s scruff brushing against his jaw.
“Yes. Ehn, right there, Tony,” Steve said breathlessly, Tony brushing that sweet spot deep inside him continuously. The large bed slammed against the wall from Tony’s force as he indulged the blonde with deep sensuous strokes. With the brunette’s name rolling off Steve’s tongue, he came for the second time that night, his release shooting up his torso, sprinkling upon his pecs and even his clavicle. The ecstasy that trickled to every fiber of his being left Steve floating, like his body had transcended. Slowly, through the foggy cloud of his orgasm, he felt things still, and Steve opened his eyes to see Tony breathing deep, his eyes closed in what seemed like concentration.
“I’m just messing with you. Hey, this bed is super comfy. I’m not gonna lie, I’m glad you insisted on the couch,” Tony said, laying amongst the plush white comforter and pillows, stretching out on it like a cat.
“Damn!” Tony shouted then, the screwdriver slipping off the small wooden plate he was loosening and hitting him right in his injured palm.
And that was more than enough.
“Before we go any further,” Tony began, brushing his fingers on the silky ribbon once more, shivering happily at the visage of Steve bound with his hands above him filtering into his imagination. “I need that safe word.” Steve knitted his brows in thought, his bottom lip protruding out slightly.
“I love you,” Steve said softly, burrowing as close to his love as he could. Tony shifted a little, leaning up to hover over Steve. The genius dipped his head and meshed his lips with Steve’s tenderly. The blonde hummed in delight, breathing deeply while they kissed. Tony pulled away after a few moments, smiling fondly at Steve who grinned boyishly right back up at the brunette.
"Wow," Bruce breathed, moving the fabric of the neckline away so he could look at it better.
“Tony,” Steve finally said, stilling his lover’s hands with his own, his expression speaking volumes.
Tony was in California, meeting up with his right hand man for drinks and lunch.
Tony cleaned Steve up then, wiping his come from the man’s bum as well as running a wash cloth down Steve’s body. Once he cleaned himself up as well, Steve and he buried themselves under the soft covers, J.A.R.V.I.S shutting the lights off for the couple. Steve laid his head on Tony’s chest, his one hand, tracing the metal ring that held the arc reactor in place. He knew Tony felt embarrassed, maybe even self-conscious of the arc reactor. But Steve saw its beauty. It represented Tony’s genius, his heart.
“Well, at least you have the next best thing, right?” Tony commented then, putting his phone away.
Steve felt his cheeks flush as Tony’s gaze drifted up and down his body. They obviously had seen each other half clothed before, when training and what not. But now there was desire and an invitation to look, to caress. There was self-doubt that began to creep its way into Steve’s thoughts, the black negativity slithering inside his mind and spreading. Tony had been so used to a woman’s body, but if he would end up changing his mind now? Seeing how Steve was built much differently.
Tony tossed the file on the table and followed suit. “Is that the only reason you’re glad to see me?” He teased, leaning against the counter. She didn’t answer him, her eyes focused on filling her Keurig. Tony frowned at that, deciding to fix his gaze somewhere else. Her apartment was really quite lovely, furnished to the nines. It wasn’t his penthouse, but it would do he guessed. Pepper seemed to have read his mind then, offering the black coffee to him before taking a sip of her own.
“Ha, you’re hysterical,” Steve said, reeling the line back in and attempting once more. This time he was much more successful. “I think I didn’t let go of the button quick enough the first time,” Steve commented as he watched the hook and lure arch into the stream with a gentle plunk.
This is a story about two such men, who through deep valleys of pain, anger and denial come to find that there’s a reason their lives have been so intertwined for centuries.
“You’re perfect too, Tony,” Steve responded, kissing his boyfriend lightly, his lips like soft pillows. “You are,” he reiterated, smiling against the brunette’s mouth. “Everything about you. From this,” Steve tapped a finger at Tony’s temple. “To that,” and he reached his hand between them to touch the arc reactor. “You’re everything to me.” Steve needed the genius to know that, even if he had said it to the man in some way, shape or form before. Steve wanted Tony to be proud of himself, for remembering all that he had accomplished so far, and that he didn’t need Howard’s approval to do it.
Rhodey really needs to kill this conversation fast.
He steps out of the kitchen slowly, his mind rushing with different thoughts, until he sees a black device on top of the table. He walks to stand in front of it carefully, and it’s then that he sees a tiny paper on it with the message: “Use it to catch up – N. Fury”.
"Come on, Cap," Clint shouts from the floor he's been sitting on.
Steve shook his head. “No, my best friend died trying to save me,” he said, looking at a spot down on Tony’s shirt.
And it works, after a while of Álvarez just staring at Rhodey like he’s got a mental condition, because he smiles slightly as soon as he gets it and turns his head back to his lap, where his book lies. “Alright,” he deadpans, nodding slowly. “That is— good to know,” he adds.
“And since you’re appreciating my honesty: I’m not mad about it, either,” Steve adds after a beat, leaving little room for Tony to catch a breath and gather his thoughts. “I don’t know what I’m trying to say by this, but I know that,” he says.
“Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?” Banner cuts in, almost too softly.
“I swear to God, I'm gonna throw you right off the balcony,” Pepper mutters, her finger up in front of his nose, all threatening. “What the hell were you thinking?”
“Hey, Dave,” Rhodey calls, his voice quiet, bare. Álvarez turns to him with full attention and bright olive eyes. “I don’t care, either,” he says, remembering their first conversation, two months ago. He hopes to God his eyes do the rest for him, because he doesn’t think he can really bring himself to talk about this out loud. But he needs Álvarez to know, he needs his conscience clear.
"See, we all begin wide-eyed. Pure science. And then the ego steps in, the obsession. And you look up… and you're a long way from shore," Maya finishes, so quiet it makes Pepper's heart shrink.
“Another comment on my appearance? I’m going to start thinking I’m only eye-candy to you,” he jokes and Steve wants to be amused by it, or maybe even embarrassed, but all he can see is Tony deflecting.
Tony smiles a little. “Let me guess, Brooklyn?” he asks and Steve frowns, but in a friendly way. “I figured,” Tony adds, moving one shoulder up.
"Yeah, I got— something bigger," Tony swallows to say. But then he looks around before it gets harder to breathe.
Yeah, Steve can already imagine himself drawing Tony a lot from now on.
"How was your day?" he asks, trying to make conversation.
Tony falls quiet and wets his lips.
“And, uhm—this is—”
They all follow, with smiles on their faces.
"Yes, sir," Walker replies.
“It's beautiful,” Bruce says.
"Barnes is the only Howling Commando to give his life in the service of his country," the voice adds in a somber tone.
Tony blinks in near terror. "On the other hand, Barton's really funny, so you must never get bored," he says, smiling a fake smile.
It’s now or never.
Rhodey takes the plate with the Churros and smiles politely at the guy, then he hands Tony his plate.
Rhodey nods. “Right. You’re— kinda glowing there, man. Something happened?” he asks and watches Natasha leave them.
Tony’s eyes roll for a sec in the air until he looks at the clock hanging on the wall, it’s just about to be 1PM, right on lunchtime. “Ok, so, where’s Pepper?” he asks, grabbing a wet towel to start trying to clean his hands as he presses the button to call the elevator.
"You kiddin' me? 'Course I don't. He's around Lila's age. You know I love playing uncle," Rhodey says, hand on his chest.
"You think I'm gonna hurt you?" he asks, placing his hands on Tony's hips.
“I always do,” Tony replies with a small smile but he’s not feeling so good.
He kisses Maya softly in all the right spots that night and doesn’t hold it against her when she yanks her right wrist off his grip, before Tony’s eyes can catch what her mark says, or if she even has one.
"Ross?"
“That I
She stands beside him and takes a breath. "Is he gonna make it?" Natasha mutters.
“Did you get your orders?” Tony asks.
Steve nods proudly and his chest feels loose. Tony's about to exit the room when Steve speaks again. "Uhm, wait, Tony— do you think I can take a sheet and a pencil? There's a great view of the tower in the café place, maybe I could draw something while we're there," he asks.
“You know damn well why. Back off!” he yells, pushing his hand away from him.
"Oh, not tonight, big guy," Tony says, coming inside, rubbing his shoulder. “We can party the Not End of The World tomorrow.”
Rhodey almost wants to roll his eyes. “Yeah, it's a War Machine story”.
“Hey— I gave a speech?” Tony asks, having no recollection of doing anything other than looking into Maya’s beautiful brown eyes. “How was it?”
But then he realizes how that sounds and his face does a funny shift where Steve can almost see him wanting to be swallowed whole by the floor. Tony moves to down his drink in one shot and then look a Steve with a ‘sorry’ on his face.
“You know what I do think we should do— seriously though,” Tony goes, bending down to sit on the chair Sam was sitting on without letting go of Steve’s hand. "We should stop running in circles. Doing this whole ‘I have to do this on my own' play of fucking, Shakespearean proportions.”
“Hey, Brucie, are you up to anything right now?” Tony asks and Bruce moves his head towards the God sitting next to him, eating what seemed to be his fifth burrito. “I mean something important— I wanna talk to you about something,” he adds.
At peace with the fact that it was all over.
It is a bright day outside. It's probably not gonna be a bad one, this one.
“Yeah, vacation's over,” he says and then moves towards the car, where Happy is waiting, holding the door open for him. Tony looks at him and draws the corner of his mouth up, behind Happy’s glasses he can’t really see him, but Happy hold himself still, stiff, hesitant on what to do. “You’re not gonna say ‘I told you so’?” Tony wonders, tilting his head a little.
It’s late by the time Tony comes home. The children have been in bed for a few hours. It’s dark and quiet in the house. The smell of gingerbread cookies is still lingering. It felt like Steve spent hours cleaning up the kitchen. He has soft music playing and the big window open. He’s sketching and staring outside.
“Tony! Look at this shell!”
Peter looks at it confused before looking up at Steve nervously. He hadn’t done it but he couldn’t help feeling guilty with the way Steve was looking at him. It made him feel like he had misbehaved. He had too many memories while in state care of being blamed for things he didn’t do. Both of his parents were giving him stern disapproving looks. It left him feeling scared and worried.
“Shh, no, go to sleep. Please,” Steve whispers as his eyes close on their own accord.
“Peter?”
Peter steps forward and Tony pulls him onto his lap. “Are you trying to be funny?”
Peter questions if it is even a real memory. It feels like it, it’s very vivid and something he can never forget. He wonder what Steve will say if he asks about it. No Peter I don't remember that. Of course your father would never leave you in a store. Tony didn’t let you out of his sight. And Tony Stark doing his own grocery shopping? Can you imagine?
*******
“Took a spill there, son. You alright?”
“You know I’m old enough to understand things, right?”
He sets both of the kids on their feet in the bathroom. He has Peter sit on the toilet seat as he grabs a towel from a drawer. He presses it to Peter’s lip to stop the bleeding. Jarvis is reading a website to him. He has to apply pressure to the cut for several minutes. If it’s still bleeding after then he’ll have to take Peter to the ER.
“Not me. Don’t have to worry about that, the Red Room took that choice away.”
Tony tenses and his mind is racing as he tries to mask any emotion on his face. “No baby, he would never hurt you,” Tony assures him but the doubt is already planting it’s seed. For years he had put his trust in the wrong man. A person he thought had his best interests in mind. Obadiah’s betrayal cut him deeply, made him feel like he could never trust again. Then Steve became his husband and things were good. He opened up and trusted him. One of the few people he allowed into his inner circle.  Peter was the only thing pure and good in his life. That wasn’t true, Steve had a strong sense of what was right and always stood up for the little guy.  Steve was also pure and good. There was no way he was doing anything to hurt Peter. “Has Papa done anything to hurt you?”
“Dad…”
“Not this time.”
“Remember when you almost got Happy arrested?”
Peter is excited when they get inside and they have trouble keeping up with him. He’s small so he easily moves around people and get up the stairs quickly so he can get into the lantern room and see the lamp and the lens. It’s a full fifteen minutes before the rest of them catch up. They take the tour as intended listening to the guide tell the history. Tony grabs Peter’s hand when they finally catch up with him.  “You run off again and we’re going home.”
“Bev! Wait!” Peter says as he follows her.
“It’s in my bag.” Peter says rubbing his eye.
“Steve is pissed off. But not at you baby. Well he is but he’s still your dad. He’s still in your corner.”
“Do you have to leave now?”
Tony is half leaning onto Steve’s chair, holding onto his hand as if it’s a lifeline. Coffee is sitting in front of them getting cold and barely touched. Bruce had grabbed it from the machine for them earlier. Natasha had tried to get them to eat food but neither one had an appetite. Everyone had left after getting to see Peter.  He was lying in the hospital bed hooked up to monitors and an IV. He was breathing on his own but not well. He has a mask over his face that is delivering high-flow oxygen.
The two continue laughing and Peter gets frustrated. “What’s so funny?”
Tony can’t speak, he can’t breath. He hasn’t heard that voice in ages.
“You what?”
“I met the children who used to live there. Do you have a daughter named Katie? Ashley wanted me to tell her hello.”
She nods hesitantly at him. “Will you watch your cartoons while I go check on your brother?”
“I can’t keep doing this. Lying to Morgan about how you’ve hurt yourself—”
He worried how she would deal with him being gone. She hadn’t reacted the same way as Peter. She was so nonchalant about it after she asked her questions. Satisfied that Tony would be there to take care of her and Peter there to play with her. Something about it didn’t feel right and he felt she should be more upset. It was the same with her losing her parents. Her whole response seemed muted.
“Dad! She keeps getting in my face!”
“Do you want Papa to kiss your boo-boo?” Steve blows on the skinned knee before placing soft kisses on both of his knees. Peter’s tears of panic turn to those of relief. He might have been too old for this level of coddling but he really needed it at that moment. Only moments ago he had been terrified that Steve was going to hurt him.
“We tried to help Tony make stuffing but we flooded the house,” Beverly adds.
Steve’s phone rings and interrupts the calm moment. He slides it out of his pocket and sees Natasha’s name flash across the screen.
“I’m sure I can pay someone to make a private house visit,” Tony says watching them with concern.
“It’s morning. It’s time to get up.”
“7 and 1/2 freaking hours Pete. I’m so ready to not be driving.”
That morning when Peter comes into the room to wake him up and let him know Beverly’s thrown up on the couch, he barely feels like he can get out of bed. While Peter is droning on about her ruining his tranquil morning disrupting his breakfast and favorite cartoon, Tony wonders where he has picked up such big words and feels a sense of pride.
“Steve!”
Steve gets up and joins Peter at the door, looking outside. He puts his hand on his son’s shoulder. “You see him now?”
“What’s your play with Tony?”
It’s a simple suggestion but it works, she’s munching on her cookie dropping crumbs all over the expensive rug as she opens each gift Steve passes to her.
“Listen baby, look at me—” Steve says tilting Peter’s chin up with his hand. “—You’re not getting in trouble but you better stay out of my things. Understand?” Peter nods at him and seems to calm down a little. Steve sighs and goes to clean up the paint area. Were they doing this wrong? Giving into Peter’s tantrum? He couldn’t stand to watch him cry like that. He was half doing it right, ignoring Peter’s outburst until he calmed down but he wasn’t following through with a punishment.
Steve ends the call and goes to stand-up. His coffee had started to cool off so he heads to the kitchen to refill it. He barely replaces the carafe in the coffee machine when he phone starts to vibrate.
“Peter!” Steve scolds.
“A couple from out of town bought it a few years back and fixed it up to rent. People don’t stay in that house long. Before that it has been through countless owners. Many of them have packed up in the middle of the night and never returned. A week or so later another For Sale sign is up. Now they don’t have to disclose this unless you specifically ask but there was a murder in that house. The local folks know but the address never made it to the national news. Our daughter Katie, she’s grown and off at college right now. She used to play with their daughter. They had a son too, a few years younger.
“No. Hell I can see Clint or Sam doing shit like that. Can you fix it?”
“Show me where to sign.”
“I tried. He doesn’t want to talk,” Happy says sounding defeated.
Peter stares into his cup trying to remember the night before. “Hmm…maybe you never said anything.”
“Didn’t think of that.”
He knew it was Tony’s coping mechanism. Saying shitty things like that. He didn’t mean it but Steve couldn’t push it from his mind. It hurt. He’d never get over the guilt of not double checking Peter’s bed. It was all he had to do and it would have taken seconds. And today, he was too busy screaming at his husband to notice another kid slip out the door.
“All in good time friend. I’m here to help your Dad.”
Steve sits up and really looks at him. Not looking pleased at the tone Peter is taking with him.
Steve quickly throws on some clothes after  his doorbell rings. Slightly on high alert, he walks towards the door and listens carefully to determine who might be on the side. It might be his elderly neighbor asking for help reaching something in the top of a cabinet or closet. She was friendly and spoke very little English. He hoped it was her and not some Hydra agent bent on revenge.
Peter goes to his room. Steve looks up at the ceiling out of habit and says, “JARVIS start a ten minute timer.” He waits for a response and then it clicks in that they aren’t at home and the AI isn’t here. “Tony, start a timer.”
His father had hit him for way less. Sometimes it felt like the punishments were purely because he existed and took up space. He remembers times so bad that he was praying to go back to boarding school. He couldn’t find the right balance, he never wanted his children to be afraid of him. But Peter was pushing his boundaries and even more so with Steve gone. He couldn’t just let it go he had to do something.
“It’s okay Peter. Dad and I aren’t going to fight anymore.”
“I really have to piss.”
Steve sighs. “I’ll go get him. Don’t feel like you have to wait for me to eat.”
Tony starts to clean up the food as Steve carries Peter over to the couch. He sets him down gently on a cushion and wraps a blanket around him.
Marie drops her coffee cup and it spins precariously in the saucer before righting itself. Coffee has splashed on the table so Marie stands up and makes an excuse to go inside. Peter looks over at Steve, not understanding what he said wrong. He could tell that his words had upset Marie.
“I hate you! I hate you both! You’re the worst Dads!”
Feedback
Please visit my tumblr:
“If I do what the doctor says I get to see Mommy else I stay.”
“Please. I can’t. Just leave me alone.”
Steve could hardly say no even with the knowledge that the longer he left Tony alone the likeliness of having sex tonight was plummeting. He pulls back the covers and Peter scoots over to make room for him. Peter cuddles up to his legs and Steve starts to wish he brought his phone or a book with him. Hopefully Peter would fall asleep soon and he he could sneak out.
Steve sighs as he turns the radio back up. He couldn’t believe how long he had wasted on looking that up today. It was very simple and quite obvious from the context in retrospect.
“No, Steve, I’m not,” Tony says as he moves closer to the other man to cuddle with him. “My babies aren’t babies anymore.”
Beverly bites her lip to stop from laughing when she hears him say, “The Google.”
“I tried my best?” Steve says laughing. “You don’t think I did a good job?”
Tony walks over to where Beverly is at, sitting down and reaching his arm under the table. Beverly looks at him for a second watching his face. For it to be kind and welcoming? Tony isn’t sure but she does move closer, letting Tony pull her into his lap.
“I’m confused,” he says barely above a whisper.
“The birth certificate should be ready in a few weeks. They’ll mail it out to you. Our legal team will file everything with the court.”
“Katie never played over at their house though. There was something off about that man. The father. After a tragedy like what happened at that house, people always say something like he was so normal. He was a nice guy. It was unexpected. Now of course it was unexpected but he wasn’t a nice guy. Even from down the road we could hear the fighting. We called the cops plenty of times but the wife never wanted to press charges. It was just a sad situation you could tell the little girl didn’t want to go home at night.
Peter moves onto Steve’s lap and kisses him too. He jumps off the couch and runs up to May and Ben. Kissing his aunt and uncle next. May giggles and pulls him into a tight hug. “We get goodnight kisses too Ben. Isn’t that sweet?  You two are raising such a good boy.”
Peter is looking up at Tony pleadingly as he struggles to keep Steve from removing his top.
“Thor just comes and goes. There is no way to call him,” Tony explains.
Peter is quiet for a minute before telling Tony he can come in. He rolls onto his side as Tony sits on the bed. Tony reaches down and wipes his tears away with the heel of his hand. He never really knew what to do when it came to comforting his child. Lord knew Howard was never one to offer comfort. Stark men are made of iron. Tony still held onto this fear of letting other people in. Even his own child, it seemed like everyone he loved would eventually be torn away from him.
No, he couldn’t tell her even if it meant lying to her. He sits on the couch with her. She makes herself more comfortable and closes her eyes. Tony tells Jarvis to turn on television to local news, mute it and turn on subtitles.
Peter tries to help Tony into bed. It’s late in the night and Tony is fall-down drunk. He manages to convince him to put on pajamas and get into bed. Peter climbs on the bed and tucks him in. Tony pulls him close and kisses his cheek.
“I’m sure he’ll enjoy that. My parents used to take us camping. Ricky and I when we were boys. He loved it. Being out in the woods like that,” Ben says softly thinking back to his childhood and of his long dead brother.
“You better not be leaving your clothes on the floor. Fold them and put them on the dresser.”
“Too much whiskey, son?” Tony says as he grabs his shoulder.
“I don’t have time to explain things to you,” the eye-patched man shoots back.
“10. 11. As soon as she has her first period. It would be a horrific life for her.”
“No, honey, it’s just a movie. It’s not based on actual events.”
“Trust the man you married.”
Peter is worn out from another day of sight-seeing and goes to bed early without much of a fuss. He had behaved pretty well the whole day. They only had the one incident in the morning where he had messed with Steve’s painting again. Instead of throwing a tantrum he sat nicely for his time-out. It was an especially hot day and the heat was holding strong after dark. May and Ben had brought the ingredients to make margaritas.
“Still carrying the old diaper bag? Aren’t your kids a little old?” Pepper’s brother teases him as they get through the threshold.
Peter gets off the bed and hurries out of the room. He makes his way to his bedroom and starts to strip off his clothes. He goes into his attached bathroom to shower. He’s settling into bed trying to sleep when he hears the door to the house opening.  He opens his eyes slowly and fumbles for his phone that is supposed to be on his night stand. The glare of the phone causing him to squint as he reads the time. It didn’t feel like it, but he must have fallen asleep. A couple hours had passed since he lied down. He drops his phone on the table and throws off the covers. He ventures out of the bedroom and down the stairs.
I'm planning a story after this one set when Peter and Beverly are older. I have a few chapters already written.
“Ow! God! I’m sorry.”
This story is part of the
“Daddy!” Peter squeals from the back.
“You’re alright, baby girl,” he reassures her before kissing her cheek. “It happens to Daddy too. Feeling like the world is closing in on you?”
“Come on, Pete. It will be fine.”
“Papa, don’t kiss me!” Peter whines as he wiggles out of his grasp and stands besides him.
“Did he now?”
Steve glances back towards the bed one more time before leaving the room. Tony and Peter were still soundly asleep. He goes to the kitchen and grabs a cup of coffee. They had been staying here long enough for him to figure out how to program the machine, so coffee was ready when he woke up. He carries his mug into the sunroom and settles into one of the overstuffed chairs. He pulls his phone out of the pocket of his pajamas, and scrolls through his contacts until he finds Sam Wilson. Tony gave him a hard time for putting full names in his phone. His husband’s phone was full of nicknames he had made up for people. Steve always found it maddening when he had to use Tony’s phone. Sam was currently Flyboy in Tony’s phone or at least last time Steve had checked. He didn’t know how many times he had changed his own from Captain Spangles to Hubby. Tony was always changing it back.
Tony has started setting up his latest project on the table. He carefully lays out his tools. He looks up as he hears Peter’s voice. “Probably just a kid walking home.”
Tony laughs and asks Beverly if she wants her own bowl of cereal. He makes her one and sets up at the table away from her brother.
“Good morning,” May says softly, “it’s so beautiful up here. Thanks for inviting us.”
Thor tries to make them soup but doesn’t know how to use a can opener. It takes him a while to even find the right tool as the children keep making suggestions. Eventually he pulls out a knife and crudely cuts the can before pouring the contents into a pot.
Peter grabs some blocks and starts building. He instructs Tony and Steve on how to build their pieces. Causing his parents to snicker each time he gets overly bossy.  A couple hours pass and they have a decent castle going. Peter is starting to run out of pieces. He gets up and walks back over to the window. The sound of the rain pelting the roof drowns out the television and any other noise in the house. The wind is whipping the rain against the windows. Peter presses his face to the window, watching his breath fog up the glass. He glances over his shoulder to see if either of his parents are watching. If he’ll be scolded for mucking it up.  He wipes it away with his hand. His eyes focus on something outside. It takes him a minute to realize it’s a young boy about his age standing on the edge of the woods.
Tony rubs Peter’s side before sitting up. “I get confused sometimes. You want lunch?”
“That’s a lie.”
“We didn’t give you pills,” Steve says as he sits down and puts his arm around Tony. Peter climbs into Tony’s lap.
“Not yet, Tony. We have a son Peter. He’s not much older than you,” Steve says turning his attention back to his daughter.
Peter huffs and places the cup heavily on the table. He finishes the food as his plate while Steve is going to seconds. Peter grabs the milkshake again and sits sideways in his chair facing towards the living-room.
“Thank you,” May and Ben both say.
“Knock on the door anytime you want to play with Bailey. As long as we’re home we won’t mind.”
“Move over,” Tony says as he lies down on his side next to his son. “Turn around. Come on. Be my little spoon.”
Steve pulls him close feeling worried, he leans down and kisses the top of his head. There was no little boy standing outside. Peter pulls away from him and starts to open the door. He stops as lightening flashes enveloping the sky in light. Steve grabs the door handle, sliding it shut and locking it. A few seconds later, thunder booms so loudly it feels like the house shakes. Peter is instantly in Steve’s arms burying his face against his stomach.  “You’re okay,” Steve assures him as he rubs his back.
James,” Rhodey says, after a long second.
Suddenly, Thor comes in, in big leaps and pushes Tony against the wall. His hand splat and pressing against his collarbone.
The bullet flies through the wall in a swift, nearly soundless motion, and it pierces through the flesh in a blink. He sees the Alpha level target fall to the ground just as quick, the second try did the charm.
“Inspiration?” Steve tries to supply.
One hell of a party.
Tony gives him a last polite smile and makes his way to go, leaving Steve to sulk on his lack of charmingness.
," Allen adds, with his eyebrows raised.
Far in the back, Steve spots a tiny corner of the room that looks like a small living room with one couch and coffee table and minibar a few steps in front of it.
“On the lease,” Pepper retorts, smiling.
“I wouldn’t be so quick to judge them, though. They’re just kids, they probably didn’t know what they were up for. Surely HYDRA lured them in with false promises, who knows,” Steve says, shrugging.
“Obadiah Stane,” the man says, with all smiles and business persona. “Tony, we’re ready to go. The hearse will arrive at the Trinity Church Cemetery just in time for the President to give his public speech. They’re just waiting for you,” he says, turning to Tony, giving Rhodey his back.
“Crazy popular, I know,” Rhodey interrupts, his soul tired.
grade is mean and phony.
Tony wants to see him.
Tony just shakes his head. "We don't have that many problems, Steve," he says but Steve's looking down, somber.
“Forty-six and Broadway,” the man replies, taking one look. “I'm sorry about that little show back there, but—we didn’t know what your mental state might be so we thought it best to break it to you slowly,” he says, approaching him.
"Who is this?" Tony asks, standing next to Rhodey now.
"Alright," Allen mutters and then gives him a pat on the arm.
"No, I don't!" he yells back and throws a punch so hard he falls down back with it.
“Sir, you need to be protected—”
"I have a better idea," Tony mutters but it sounds different, dirty. And Steve has no time to run fanciful scenarios in his head when Tony's already making them reality.
But although he didn't die that day, he did meet his maker.
They meet with Loki in handcuffs and the Tesseract on Thor’s capable hands the next day; a bright one it is, Steve muses as he watches that blue cosmic thing manage to still exist even after seventy years, much like he does.
“Hold on,” Tony says, stops Steve before he can peek inside. “Close your eyes,” he says, excitedly.
Steve frowns. "Having a soulmate?" he inquires.
I swear I don't intend to keep teasing you about the impending BuckyRhodey meet, it's just that this chapter already had so much going on. Good news is: I got nowhere else to run now so. Tune in soon. (And remember you're welcome to come yell at me to speed up on buckyrhodey at tumblr or @tazadekarma on twitter)
Steve follows with a quiet “sure” and a frown at the name of the drink, but he's keeping in mind Pepper’s words.
“I heard it,” the Captain says, nodding once.
“More super people?” Pepper asks.
He runs to the toilet to throw up but that’s definitely on the hangover, not the shock.
Tony closes the files and decides to focus on Doctor Bruce Banner instead; maybe the answer to get the upper hand is there.
Tony’s mouth closes, opens and then closes again. Then the elevator dings and Tony turns to see what’s going on. On the digital panel beside the door, the screen is showing the 19
“You know, that’s kind of very rude of you, Captain. To interrupt me like that all the time, like—“
“I am.”
“That is not how engines work, Dave,” Rhodey says during one of their lunches.
Pepper glances at Tony's hand on her body and draws breath through her nose. "Am I gonna be okay?" she asks, her voice soft.
“Hey, I’ve spoken to Roberta for the last couple of months just telling her how great I think her son is so, don’t give me that. You know I have nothing but praise for you,” Tony says, only yawning a little. “So, what are you now? Like, General or something?”
"Nuclear codes," Maria says.
“I wanted to talk to you about it but now that I’ve heard the Colonel, I think he’s right,” Steve says.
“Gotta go wider on the public awareness campaign. You need to do some press. I’m in DC tomorrow, I'm working on the zoning for the next three buildings,” Pepper says, all business and no play.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can get there faster—”
“Jarvis has been running it since I hit the bridge,” Tony interrupts him, looking at his device. “In a few hours we'll know every dirty secret SHIELD has ever tried to hide. Blueberry?” Tony offers the Captain, in good nature, but only so he stops bugging Tony.
“Uhm, kind of been wondering the same thing about you,” Tony replies.
Sam opened his palms at him in an okay gesture. Then he turned to Steve and squeezed one of his legs. “I’ll see you later, man,” he says and Steve let out a faint sigh as he nodded.
"You can't be too hard on yourself, Maya," she says, aching to comfort her. "I mean, you gave your research to a think tank."
Steve raises his eyebrows and waves a hand around him. “You look—”
“Trip? What trip?” he asks, entering the kitchen.
In the middle of the Afghan desert, Tony stands like an imposing statue; looking even bigger than he is with his Armani suit and Carrera sunglasses.
He doesn't know what to make of that.
, does he fall—, accepts the ridiculous nickname as his own and gets himself a platonic soulmate, because
Part of those years, she lived helping a young, rebellious Tony Stark alongside a man named Edwin Jarvis.
"'At long last' is lasting a little long, boys," Natasha speaks, a hint of mild annoyance, and then Tony hears gunshots from her comms.
“We're dealing with something new,” Tony adds.
But what he feels in his chest lingers like a reminiscence of emotions he thought he couldn't have.
The Captain’s stare falls quickly when Tony fails to look back. Tony feels the Captain’s eyes leave his face and walk ahead instead, no other word said.
In that sense, huuuuuuge thanks to
He can't keep acting like he's a one-man show. It's not him against the world anymore. It doesn't have to be.
“Don’t worry, it's a secluded area, away from the action, and he won’t even be there long. You know I wouldn’t let him go there if it wasn’t safe,” Rhodey adds, reassuring.
He stands before Steve can persuade him out of leaving. Steve opens his mouth to say something but Tony smiles and puts on his sunglasses.
She smiles tenderly and gives him a soft kiss on his cheek. “Stay safe, honey. I’ll see you on Monday,” she says before following after Howard.
Rhodey cleans off the sugar of the tip of his nose. "What'd you mean?" Rhodey asks, still amused.
“Oh, this guy,” Tony says, then puts the party horn on his mouth to get a free hand for the other man to shake. “You're a heart doctor. She's going to need a cardiologist, FIA,” he jokes, right before starting to blow on the horn, repeatedly, then walks away once more.
Pepper frowns. "But…" she trails off as she twists her wrist to show him. Her mark's turned dull. A faint trace of the black lines that formed into ‘Maya Hansen'. Tony frowns, too, and looks back at Pepper, whose face is a puzzle.
He figures that’s for the better of them.
Steve laughs, almost shyly, before he gets sober and a little serious, nodding. "All I wanted to say was that, before— it was just me and one friend, one brother," he starts saying and Rhodey swallows and gives Tony a look before looking down at the table. "And then I had the Commandoes, and when I came back— well, I didn't think I'd luck out a second time, but I did," he says, and raises his glass.
Jarvis stands still for a second and then untangles himself from Tony’s grip. “Boy,” he whispers softly and Tony takes some distance, wiping the evidence of tears from his cheeks. “That is not what I meant, Tony,” he says. “What I meant is that I have left you to your devices to cope with what happened, trusting you’d be wise to do so in whatever ways you thought effective but I believe I may have overestimated you,” he says, finding a way to scold him without sounding like he’s scolding him. Tony’s almost impressed. “Are you aware of how I feel about you, Anthony?” he asks, a beat later.
He's desperate; his heart is up his throat and he draws breaths but they're not getting to his lungs. He doesn't know what to do.
Maybe he’s amused, maybe he’s nervous. Maybe he’s both.
“Good evening, Colonel,” the system replies in its characteristic form.
So, that’s what’s bugging him.
"I didn't say that," Natasha defends herself.
They all work together effortlessly well. Iron Man gives him the ‘call it’ nod and Steve fells alive again, back on his zone, ready for what he’s good at and happily so. The future is still looming, overwhelming, but he has freaky aliens to focus on, now.
Tony shakes his head firmly. “Should he?”
Tony does a vague gesture. "Don't take it personally, I don't remember what I had for breakfast," Tony says.
It’s like all this was a part of a different lifetime he went through centuries ago.
A man that had left Steve with a flash drive and a million questions.
He should've ended her then, but she wasn't his mission. This time, it's different.
"Wow, you got here early," Allen comments as soon as he notices him, then he stops on his tracks. "Wait, did you sleep here?"
"Eh, I'll think about it," Clint still said, looking at his display of newer arrowheads. Tony had turned on his heel to leave him alone when Clint blurted: "Tony, wait— the kid?" he asked.
“That’s Katniss, over there,” Tony says, pointing at the guy next to Natasha, with a tired face.
“You sure?” he still dares, because it’s his only lifeline.
“Yes, sir,” Allen says, swallowing.
"Strucker knew something that Ultron wanted us to miss," Steve says.
“Yeah. I don’t want this to happen again,” Steve says, biting his lip.
?” Tony asks, his sarcasm levels off the chart. ‘You’re nothing’, he thinks. The world was wrong,
When Tony reaches the door, his mouth falls slightly open behind the faceplate. It's no other than Pepper's soulmate standing there, taking a careful step into his house.
Allen has been with him since he was a Second Lieutenant at Edwards. Rhodey was one of the groomsmen at Allen's wedding. He was one of the few officers Rhodey actually considered a friend and the only one who knew he was into guys, even before DADT was repealed.
"Are you ready for our dance?" she says and it's like a broken wire has been pulled inside of him.
“What is all this?” Pepper asks again, just as Tony’s finished opening all the files and placed them as holograms in front of them.
Tony sighs. “I—don’t really like him. This thing,” Tony waves his wrist at Bruce, “means nothing to me,” he adds.
“Mmm, yeah. Something like that,” he replies. “You know, everybody needs a hobby,” Tony adds.
It's a reminder.
Tony closes his eyes, feeling like he could almost cry from the frustration. “Not like this—
Tony doesn’t say anything inside the suit so Pepper stands and takes a step towards him, bare feet.
Sharing is not a future thing, Steve's learned.
“I'm sure they're looking for you, Stark,” the old man says, suddenly, behind him. “But they will never find you in these mountains,” he adds, then sits next to him and puts his hands together. “Look, what you just saw— that is your legacy, Stark, your life's work in the hands of those murderers. Is that how you want to go out? Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stark?” he asks. “Or are you going to do something about it?—”
Tony’s frown deepens. “Are you sure you didn’t miss anything?” he wonders.
Steve catches Tony peeking his head out from a corner inside his home and chuckles. Next thing, the door is swinging open automatically and Tony is taking a step towards him as Steve comes in.
"Because we're people, Steve!" Tony lets out with a bitter laugh. Then he runs a hand through his hair and cools off. "Even the ones who aren't human, they're just people at the end of the day. We're breakable, corruptable," he says, his voice low, his eyes down.
He’s going to prove him wrong.
He shakes his head at the thought and looks at the pamphlet again— the guy had given it to him once he noticed him staring and he had found the Smithsonian Institution in no time.
"Stop," Steve pleads again but the flashes won't let him see. Won't let him gather himself.
Rhodey just feels like there's acid rolling down his throat.
Rhodey looks down at that. Somehow he can't believe either of them is really dead.
Tony looks at it and cracks up. “I didn’t mean it like that,” he says a beat later, taking the glass from Steve’s hand and going over to the bar’s table to leave it there.
Allen lets a breath out like he's thinking it.
And now, maybe never will.
Hello! I'm soooo glad this eternal month of January is over. Anyways, hope you enjoy this one, it's very long. Which marks a personal milestone as I've reached over 100K for the first time in my life ever. AND we still got such a long way, yay!
Steve smiles at her and kisses her forehead. “It was good to see you, Pegs,” he tells her.
“Tony—”
"Uhhh, nope, no. God, I hate myself. Seriously, I need to go. Kick me out before it's too late," Tony complains on his lips and Steve laughs.
Tony closes his eyes before he presses another quick kiss to Steve’s lips, because if he keeps losing himself in that blue, he’s going to be apologizing to other people he cares about in his life, too.
"All right, let's go," Tony agrees but nothing.
Obadiah steps in for him, as per usual, and gives an acceptance speech Rhodey only hears a little, his mind already wanting to get out of there and finding his rude and irresponsible best friend.
“Mhmm,” Tony agrees, and then finishes taking the piece of the missile he needed the palladium from. The first step to trying to replicate an arc reactor.
Laura lets out a chuckle and Clint smiles at her. "Why do you always enjoy confusing people about us?" Laura asks, rolling her eyes.
Bruce nods surely but mildly annoyed and Tony drags him back to his lab. "What's the rumpus?" Bruce asks, putting his teacup on the table nearby.
“—She's not like the others,” Tony says. “Come on. Let's go in the bedroom,” he tells her, grabbing on the laptop and carrying it into the bedroom. “Happy, leave her ficus alone,” he instructs his bodyguard and chauffeur.
Tony smiles widely in reply. He likes Helen.
Tony on his seat is looking like he's struggling to speak for a second, looking between down and back to Steve's deep blue eyes. Steve raises his eyebrows, waiting for an answer, when Tony seems to understand: "Oh, you mean the drawing—" he says.
'Bucky', he said and every time he thought that name his head would throb.
Tony turns again to press on the button to the Captain’s floor. “Do not worry, then. This—is part of my work,” he says, just before the elevator doors pull open. Tony raises his eyebrows, motioning for Steve to get in first.
He takes a breath and gains his composure. Thinking of a way to stir this around.
Lying on a pile of chaos and wreck, the Avengers rest bloody and lifeless. He looks at each of them, the glow on their eyes gone and he feels his face wet with tears.
Pepper turns to him with a glare on her face.
Then he jumps from the railing into one of the suits and starts to manually disable it.
Rhodey frowns. "Really? Now?"
“That could run your heart for the 50 lifetimes,” Yinsen says, a little breathless.
“Alright, I don’t get it. What’s so wrong about Steven Rogers?” Pepper asks him. Tony lets his arms fall to his sides and then looks at Rhodey, who’s expecting him to elaborate, too.
"That bad, huh?" Steve replies, doing half a shake with his head.
Clint just shrugs and takes a bite of his carrot. "You guys are off, right? Or is that just a thing I'm picking up wrong?" he asks, curious.
“What did we miss?” Tony wonders once Bruce’s made his way out of the lab after three days working on bringing Ultron to life.
"He's a ghost story," Rhodey replies, unfazed. "Something to tell young cadets at training camps, to scare them off," he adds with a shrug.
Rhodey's mouth drops silently.
"Language!" Cap warns him through the comms and Tony almost stops mid-flight. Absolutely ridiculous. "Jarvis, what's the view from upstairs?" Cap asks later then.
“And the Scepter?” Steve wonders, looking at it. The blue glowing on his eyes.
“Nothing?” Tony asks Banner, looking into his eyes.
“Enjoy yourself, sir,” JARVIS says.
“An arc reactor? Like the one at SI?” Rhodey wonders, the doctors are slowly approaching Tony, who nods at Rhodey’s answer.
He gets to spend some time in Philly before he has to report for the Initial Flight Training, a couple of months after his commissioning after graduation.
Steve turns to him from the threshold. "To become better," he answers. "Better than us. He keeps building bodies."
At that Tony looks out the window, into the bright blue sky. A sky that only some 32 hours ago had aliens coming out of it. “First? I gotta clean up this mess,” he says, still looking out the window.
"You're welcome," Steve says looking down, can't façade he's upset.
Tony pats him on the back as they part and then goes. "Hey, once you're done with that, you know you can join in, right? I got your floor ready," he comments. "There's an update there for War Machine, too."
Jarvis,” Rhodey asks, offering something they both needed.
That’s the worst fake French accent he’s ever heard.
Tony's been shooting at them, trying to get past the protective shield when Cap comes in again. "We have an Enhanced in the field," he says.
“Are you okay there?” Steve asks, in a well-acted casual manner.
“Like what, growing another head?” Rhodey blurts, too submerged in the conversation.
“Captain,” Iron Man replies in his metallic voice, but it does something to Steve’s insides.
“Everyone, Pepper says hi,” Rhodey repeats.
He figures he’s gotta be the one to give in. Always is, always will be.
The Captain nods once and smiles smugly, the ice of his eyes don’t crack. “Put on the suit, let's go a few rounds,” he mutters.
Tony just raises his eyebrows at him. "So, you're just gonna order me around now? Just tell me what to do?"
One of the targets starts shooting so he jumps back to the truck and rides on the front while they make the car lose its balance and flip in the air.
“Unlike you, I don't have a lot of time for parties,” Helen says but Tony just raises his eyebrows at her. “— Will Thor be there?” she wonders.
Rhodey gets it.
Trouble always finds its way back around.
Tony looks around them before he smiles at Pepper on the phone. “Oh, just a little victory present, you all know me,” Tony says.
“I see that, cause it's on your t-shirt,” Tony replies, fake enthusiasm and then the elevator sounds, announcing their arrival. “Ladies, follow the mullet,” he tells the girls, as Happy walks out first.
Pepper is alive and glowing and really fucking hot if Tony's being honest.
Tony makes the mistake of letting his eyes linger on the back of his head, and before he has time to back-pedal,
But as he’s about to ask if everything’s alright with her, she turns to him with a smile. “Ready to beat these losers into shape?” she says, jokingly.
Facing the warm fireplace, Tony stands smaller than usual. A dark-gray vest and no jacket, with his hands stuffed inside his pockets.
“Phil?” Tony asks, frowning.
(See the end of the chapter for
“External detonation. Number three engine is down,” she replies. “Somebody’s got to get outside and patch that engine,” she instructs, after a few seconds.
But then he had looked at Tony, guiding an old woman into a bus and he remembered he had a promise to keep.
that’s sitting in there,” Tony clarifies, moving his head back inside the restaurant.
"Wait, why did that happen?" Pepper asks suddenly, frowning.
Tony smiles in the privacy of his room at the image of Steve. His dreams really did the captain no justice.
“A nuclear deterrent,” Tony interrupts Fury. “’Cause that always calms everything right down,” he adds, sarcastically.
The man falls on the pavement and, again, draws his shield to protect himself from the bullets of his gun. They just bounce right off it and he figures they didn't tell him enough about this man.
Tony pats him to follow him into the elevator and he taps on the floor to his lab. When they come in, Rhodey can see Tony building a brand-new armor along with some digital designs for a motorcycle and arrow-heads.
Steve sits a little stunned before Tony waves for Steve to follow suit.
“Okay, so, it’s Monday? That is good to know, I will plan my toga party accordingly,” he adds and feels a certain kind of pleasure when his father rolls his eyes. “Can you do
"You guys want anything else?" Meghan appears of the sudden, her shiny smile wide.
“But what? Did you watch it as it disappeared or…” Tony trails off, wondering.
, Tony stops himself from saying.
And Rhodey was worlds apart.
And the story doesn't change.
Steve swallows and holds his breath; he's thought about this a million times in a million ways but none of that prepared him for the goddamned Hydra of feelings he's having.
“Alright, tell everyone to sit then, Vision,” Tony says and the robot moves as told.
