“You’re inspiring,” he spoke up after awhile. That rang like agreement, but Cas still wasn’t exactly crediting himself.
something going on, Dean and Cas would need to split pretty fast, but Dean wasn’t ready to call it in quite yet.
“This is fun, Cas,” he admitted, voice low. So that’s what he had been thinking of. Not anything else.
“There’s no excuse for what I did,” Dean replied, hands twitching at his side as though he wished he were in the driver’s seat, that he could have something to do other than dig up past failures. “I was never gonna do anything – not while we were together. But, I figured. I figured we shouldn’t be. And I figured, I figured you’d realize that, sooner or later.”
Jesse patted up Cas’s legs, searching. “Hey, cool tats,” the man with the gun said to Cas. Cas smiled bashfully over at him, saying thanks, completely disconnected from the situation they were in. Was he still high?
“No, that’s alright, I like coffee now,” Cas assured Dean. “And it can be considered a drug.” His old church had never encouraged the consumption of anything mind-altering, but he didn't want Dean to think less of him.
It was just embarrassing. Kind of a punch to the gut. Dean hadn’t thought he was trying to make Cas replace…anyone, but clearly he’d been needy. Humiliatingly lonely and Cas could sense that and hadn’t cared for it. Christ, Dean needed to get laid, to do something, anything. Overall, he was eager to forget all about it and Cas was content enough to let him.
“Not so much, anymore,” Dean pointed out. Cas looked at Dean like he’d just tricked him into biting into a lemon. He turned around and Dean couldn’t help but grin at how easy Cas could be. But he didn’t know if he should be encouraging him. If Zach was right, by the time 2014 rolled around Cas would have no problem with ladies, or drugs, or anything else.
“Ouch, watch the brass knuckles, sweetheart,” Dean laughed, letting her pull away. Castiel chanced a look back. Jo was staring up at Dean now, not entirely out of his space, expression soft and caring. And Dean was looking back. Not pulling away, or glancing off, or clearing his throat. His hand was on Jo’s wrist. And as gentle as Jo looked, Dean was all the more gentle. Like he had melted beneath her kindness, ready and willing to do so. He hadn’t even put up a fight.
being Heaven’s plaything!” Just as quickly as Sam’s voice had raised, it settled once more as he said, “And I’m not going to let down my brother, either. There’s another way, and I’m going to find it.”
“Douche!” Jo shot back, punching him soundly in what sounded like his stomach. She seemed annoyed, but not necessarily angry.
Cas’s gaze flickered around the room, he was thinking hard and not looking at Dean. “You could be right,” Cas allowed after a moment of thought. “I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.” His eyes were narrow and sad with genuine regret. Dean heaved a sigh, standing up straight.
“Warding,” Cas replied, sounding a little bored. He twisted his abdomen to show the other side where strange and obviously Enochian writings were scribed. “I got it a while ago, Jo’s friend. An anti-possession symbol, like yours, and script which renders me invisible to angels.” Curiosity got the better of Dean. Hey, if it was useful he might need one himself. Cas glanced down at his body, shifting to let his shirt hang slack over his shoulders.
Cas tilted his head to the side a little to catch Dean’s eye, his attention. Shyly, Cas glanced away again, offering something honest. “But … it’s true that … when I
“Oh,” Cas says. The word comes out like a sigh. Surprised, disappointed – Dean can’t tell. “Because it’s true.” Dean shuts his eyes tighter. “And you deserve to hear it.”
“You might change your mind on that,” Dean said, trying not to shiver at just how intense Cas could get. Cas talked like an action movie hero, heavy and dramatic, but he was so genuine and honest that Dean couldn’t laugh it off. Cas wasn’t like most people, wasn’t like Dean. When he said something, he really meant it.
, despite the tanking economy. Still, Dean didn’t want to be a drain on Bobby any more than he had been and figured if he played his cards right he could rustle up gas money at least. He wasn’t going to poison the well, so he went a state over for it.
Still, his heart clenched. “Was there…was there no way you could have…” he trailed off. Probably not. Wasn’t like Cas could just whip up some new chromosomes on Dean’s behalf. Except, except that he
“Two years together and you’re already buying a house together?” the realtor asked, sounding some place between shocked and impressed. “You two must be really committed.”
surprised though. He always figured the reason why Cas had been so accepting of the apparent fact that Dean did not return his feelings was because he’d thought Dean was straight.
a hug. They probably both had. “We’re with you, Dean, you know?” she said, pulling away but trailing her hands down his arms as she moved. He smiled, stressed. It wasn’t like they had much of a choice.
“So, Adam’s resurrection was not some ploy to convince Dean to consent to Michael?” he asked, feeling shrewd.
And now, the triumph of the hunt was settling in on Castiel. Not only had he bested a powerful ghost, but he’d saved John Winchester’s life. It wasn’t bad for the ego. Not to mention, Dean had taken care of the ghouls and saved the children, dropping them off near a police station. All was well.
It didn’t matter. Dean could deal with John’s silent disapproval that Dean was simultaneously not enough of a hunter and not settled enough. Good or bad, it was pennies to pay, for what Dean got to have.
He’d stopped putting product in his hair, letting it fall against his forehead in wisps. His stubble was getting darker by the day and not longer after Texas he’d lost his coat. Really, it had been an inelegant reason as any for Cas to ditch it—he’d gotten it dirty one too many times and most dry cleaners didn’t exist anymore. Still, ruthlessly sentimental, Dean had stuffed it in the Impala’s trunk. Maybe Cas was ready to let go of that part of himself, but Dean wasn’t.
father’s instrument,” Cas offered. “Not a particularly good one.” Dean knew. That’s why he could tell this stuff to Cas.
“I can’t afford one at the moment,” Castiel said honestly. Dean considered, and then seemed to decide that was fair.
“Might as well have,” Dean sighed. “Because it didn’t work, and people—good people—died. The weapons the Men of Letters gave were a bust. Not sure if those guys were just being incompetent or outright messing with us, but either way, I’m done asking them for help. And, seeing how little they think of all of us I don’t think they’ll be offering either. And you know, with the people they lost yesterday, I don’t think I could blame them.” He sounded so defeated, so hopeless.
“Dean, I—there’s nothing we could do, Sam and Adam they just—” Jo stammered. “I didn’t think they were going to say yes! We thought they wouldn’t have to, but…Death must have said something to them.”
“Name’s Dean,” Dean told her. “That’s Cas.” It was tricky because the demons were on the lookout for them and giving out their names wasn’t the smartest idea, but Dean wasn’t about to lie to the barrel of a gun so he gave these people that much. They didn’t need to know any last names. Not that Cas even had one.
“Right,” Dean whimpered, shucking off his pants and lying down on the bed. “All the time in the world.”
“Wow,” the woman said, and there was that usual sense of intimidation that some people had, like physics was some alien thing.
to fall in love with you,” Cas said. He was talking really low, his voice would’ve been a mumble if the words weren’t so clear. “Michael mentioned once that me saving you from Hell was something you valued, perhaps to your detriment. I never told you I feel, or felt, very much the same way.” Christ, Cas was basically saying he’d started to fall back then. Dean needed a paper bag.
“I wanted to say,” Cas speaks up, formally, earnestly, effortlessly drawing Dean away from his thoughts, “thank you.”
“Alright, fine,” he said. “But you owe me a beer.” It was a thin threat, she was a bartender and he wasn’t going to stick around too long today to even take her up on it. She shrugged and he turned inside.
And almost like he’d read Dean’s mind, Cas reached up to press his fingers to Dean’s forehead. The headache crumbled up and faded away, just like that. Leaving Cas’s thoughtful smile just inches away from Dean’s mouth.
It was good Cas phrased it like that. Because, when Cas suggested that the reason he stuck with Dean had anything to do with Dean it…well, it made Dean feel things. Stupid things. Dean did not play well with other children. And when he did, they ended up dead. Usually because of him. Making friends with an angel of God was not something that had been on his bucket list but here he was. Here they were.
been that oblivious, or hadn’t wanted to believe it, or something Dean doesn’t want to get into. But ultimately, yeah, supportive.
“Then, if it’s all the same, I’ll stay here,” Cas said, not without some bitchiness. That was, apparently, decided then.
“Just need enough gas to get to Missouri,” he said. “I’m looking for someone I lost there.” It was vague enough to be true.
“Did you, uh—hear me?” Dean asked, voice gruff to keep himself from betraying how awkward his words were. Cas nodded, keeping his eyes on the horizon somewhere.
Castiel gets an idea, and goes to open the glove compartment, Dean’s gaze clasped back on him, curious and attentive.
The moment Dean set the remains on fire, the ghost vanished, leaving Castiel sore on the ground. Dean walked over to Castiel, dusting off his jeans. “You never called me,” he seemed to pout, setting down his shovel.
nuts.” But she slowly put her weapon down at her side, relaxing that the danger was over. Dean shrugged modestly. “But, things
Plus, John seemed to dig the fact that Cas was withholding – rude and just shy of disrespectful. It was possible that it had flown straight over John’s head that Cas didn’t like him, that he’d interpreted Cas’s coldness as ordinary stoicism. Cas’s dislike led to pretty brisk conversations, and John loved efficiency.
“How about guns?” Dean asked. Cas hesitated for a moment. “I’m betting, two thousand years ago, no one was shooting these guys.” Dean put up his hands. “I know it sounds like overkill, but sometimes I gotta use the can in the middle of the night and I see a spider on the seat and that’s where
Steadily, the bunker comes into view, beneath the elm and cedar trees, beginning to be overgrown by Himalayan blackberries neither in fruit nor in bloom. The place looks drab, old, uninviting. And Cas knows what horrible memories lurk within.
And, from nowhere, Cas misses Jack. Like a previously unknown spring, emerging from the ground, burning and achingly unpleasant and sad. Claire never got to meet Jack. Jack probably knows Claire very well now, but to Claire – Jack will never be more than a pixilated picture on Castiel’s phone.
three years,” Bobby said. “Which might be longer than we get anywhere else. You said everywhere else was toast or military-run.”
“Whatever, think I prefer people-making the old-fashioned way anyhow,” Dean said, giving Cas a quick grin. That took some of the bite out of their previous banter. Dean had very white teeth. Castiel closed his eyes.
“Does this make you feel uncomfortable?” Cas asked, smile fading then and eyes narrowing – not with concern – but with the same compulsive curiosity Dean felt, that desperate need for clarification.
“I’ll stop contacting you,” he offered. Dean steeled himself. And Castiel knew he didn’t want this either but thought it best. “Just take the tapes, Dean.”
“So,” Cas started again because Dean had been silent for too long, still as a vacuum. “You can go have dinner with Cassie. I’ll still be here. Or,” because Castiel didn’t know how much he could truly bear it, “I’ll try to be.”
It was probably an odd fit overall for John, Dean could admit, to suddenly be alive again and find the kids you’d raised had grown a family of their own.
There had been a time when Castiel had been freshly shunned that he’d been living on the streets. There had been a woman who’d invited Castiel into her home, cared for his injuries. It had been kind of her, brave even, and she had seemed to like Castiel. But, after all had been said and done, nothing had happened. She’d been kind to Castiel, and he’d eventually moved on. There was a chance it had also just been an incorrect assumption in his part. He’d still been reeling from his excommunication, and it had taken him many more years to become used to the fact that he actually was gay.
He’d done this before. Contemplated suicide that wasn’t suicide. The noble sacrifice. He knew that shit lead to nothing but pain. Which was maybe what Dean deserved. He didn’t trust Michael; he’d seen what archangels did to their rides. But this wasn’t even about that. The kicker about Hell wasn’t—wasn’t what had been done to Dean while he’d been down there.
Going off of what Dean had known about Anna, Dean had figured angels weren’t configured for any of that. Love, or sex.
But, if Dean had to put a number on it, he’d say Cas was grateful for the company. Dean honestly didn’t know how well he’d be coping right now with the loss of…without someone like Cas to work with. Dean’d never worked well alone, casualty of humanity right there, and Cas made a much better partner than Dean deserved. When they got to the restaurant, Cas had already put down a burger in the time Dean took to commandeer the retro jukebox.
He’d learned with relief that his sons had averted the end of days more than a hundred times over and had had to survive much worse. He acknowledged their accomplishments with grudging respect.
“‘Vulcan’, Cas,” Dean said impatiently. “Like Spock. Star Trek.” Castiel couldn’t respond to that, he just gaped at Dean, who gaped right back. “You know what
“It’s nice that people can be appreciative,” Cas said, indicating his head towards the victim. Dean rolled his eyes.
They had supplies still in the Impala, in both of their cars really, but Cas hadn’t anticipated how desperate they’d be for this.
“Dean, I’m always gay,” Cas said softly. “I . . . I ‘signed up’ for this. It was always going to be a problem for me.” It always had been, even when he had been deeply closeted, years before he’d ever admitted his feelings to himself.
“I never heard anything about ghosts until now,” Castiel replied, still breathing heavily. He took stock of his body. He was aching all over, but nothing appeared broken. He was alive. Carefully, he pulled himself up into a sitting position.
“Then, welcome to the family,” she says, patting him on the arm, suddenly jovial and sweet. She reminds him, from nowhere, of Charlie Bradbury, and it aches.
One day at the cusp of early winter, after what seemed to be a depressingly unsuccessful hunt, Dean dropped by and immediately fallen asleep, uncaring about sharing the bed. Given that Dean had yet to tire of visiting, Castiel had half a mind to save up for another bed or a couch or at least an inflatable mattress but Dean was insistent that Castiel get a proper phone before anything else.
Again, outside their room in the main hall, Dean was struck at what a well-oiled machine this hospital was. Dean put his elbows up onto a railing, people-watching. The day was winding down to an end after dinner, but a lot of people were still about, walking like they had some place to be, some job to do. It was good.
“S’fine,” Dean grunted, closing his eyes and smiling. Cas could hardly see him. “Can’t keep your hands off me, I get it.” Cas chuckled and Dean stretched his arms, beaming in the darkness. “What’s up, Cas?” Cas still hadn’t retrieved his hand, letting it rest on Dean’s cheek.
people.” He says it almost like a joke, almost like he’s disgusted by the very thought. He is about ready to eat his own shoe if it means he’ll stop saying weird shit in front of Cas.
He sat down next to Dean, letting out a soft, very human grunt as he did so. “I do have nightmares,” he said. “About…battles I’ve fought. There are…memories I have, which I hope to not forget but in my dreams—they become distorted. Confused. Upon waking, I know my history but during my dreams…I can believe anything. Quite often I’m back there. At the precipice of history.”
“You two have much to talk about, but is it alright if I stay?” Cas asked, trapped between feeling timid and determined.
“You don’t have to tell me anything,” Cas said, feeling a little hurt even though he knew Sam was right, he was being careful. “Just tell him…tell him that I…” the words dried up in Cas’s mouth. What was there to say? How could Cas tell Sam what Dean meant to him without also revealing something about Dean? “Let me speak to him, I just need to talk to him for a few minutes.” Sam stared at Castiel quietly for a moment. “I know I’m asking a lot of you,” Cas said. “But I have…I have no one else to ask.” Sam was silent a second longer.
Thinking back, Dean knows Cas has touched Dean an awful lot. Cas has left his fingerprints on him. Dean takes in a short breath. He reaches over to shovel some popcorn into his mouth to shut himself up.
Cas met Dean’s gaze, blinking, waiting for Dean to continue, his hand lingering on Dean’s arm even after Dean had finished healing.
Still, Cas gave Dean a skeptical glance, pulled his plate closer to his side of the table, and grumbled, “What are you talking about.”
“But it ain’t life,” he explains, with as much finality as he can muster. “So, don’t get any ideas.”
“Maybe,” he says, he’s certainly committed enough atrocities to deserve punishment. Though he can’t worry much about that, with Rowena in charge. She’s always had a soft spot for him. “But in truth, I’m not sure that I have a soul. I think, it’s likely, that
“I just ... know how hard your childhood was,” she went on, “what it’s like to grow up a hunter’s kid. And I’ve been reading John’s journals.” Dean nodded, feeling like he had no air in his lungs. “But ... you’ve just been so happy lately. So free. And I think that’s Cas’s influence.”
Dean seems to have enjoyed himself today, but Cas wonders why Dean didn’t go on such a trip before. Why he needed Cas’s urging. And why he continues to act so uncomfortable around him.
He shut off his headphones, booted up Netflix, and drummed his hands idly across the keys while he waited, half-nervous, for his computer to adjust.
,” he says again, choked to his own ears, and Cas leans back just enough so that they can find each other’s eyes.
“Yeah, plus you can actually have a real conversation with the guy,” Dean says, eager for the conversation change. “Before Jack ... Heaven was ...” He flounders, looking over at Castiel for his explanation.
“What the hell are you talkin’ about?” he slurred. Cas had wanted to avoid this, let this run its course unspoken. It was only a matter of time before Dean tired of Castiel.
Cas was surprised to learn that Jody’s home had enough room to house both Cas and Dean. Alex and Patience have mostly moved out, Claire and Kaia share a room, and all told there is a bed or two available for guests.
“Yeah, I’d just figured…” Dean said, feeling a little ashamed. “Since I was Michael’s vessel, and since I was doing that spell…”
But given that he must live with the consequences of those actions, something he hadn’t ever thought he would need to do, he realizes he’d never considered that Dean would react so poorly. That he would evidently hate to learn how Castiel feels about him.
But the thought of, again, dragging them both in the dark, behind drawn curtains, suddenly sounded painful.
Mary had difficulties enough fitting back in with this new version of her life, and the twenty-odd years that had passed without her, John included in them. But she still loved him, and he still loved her. It was a work in progress, they all were.
Cas never used to smile this much, so broadly, but over the past few years his smile has been growing in.
Cas still wasn’t satisfied with this answer, though he’d gotten Dean to dig pretty deep. “But, why do you suppose he cares about
Castiel managed to locate their souls in Heaven using an ancient, tenuous spell that permitted him to harness and speak through electromagnetic frequencies. He urged them to find the one angel rumoured to still be in communication with God, Joshua, to pass the message of Castiel’s mission onto him. They agreed, and while they travelled through the Axis Mundi, avoiding Zachariah, they encountered treasured memories.
Not to be dissuaded, Cas donned all he knew about the type of disguises Dean would employ to get what he wanted. Dean had told Castiel about how he would fake being a detective, so Castiel crafted a fake FBI ID badge, dressed the part as best he could, and set out investigating, only praying he wouldn’t step over the toes of the actual police or be recognized. It wasn’t long before Dean rolled into town and the two of them crossed paths.
“Kansas City,” Dean corrected, which was a few tics over in Missouri, and closer to Chitaqua generally. But…still. Maybe Cas was right. Maybe they’d need to move on. It seemed, no matter which way Dean drove he’d somehow wind up driving to Missouri anyhow.
They’d drunk that night as though it were a victory to receive the Colt, but when Bobby had gathered his people around for a photograph, a moment had passed which had, even to Castiel, felt grave as death. The weapon the demon had given them was the genuine artifact, but still there was no certainty that it wasn’t somehow a trap, there was no certainty at all.
“I suppose I could look up another hunt; that probably wasn’t the last of the demons,” Cas offers, angling himself so he’s looking over his shoulder at the doorway. “Tell Sam Greek food is fine. And you can ... finish setting up your ... dating profile.”
Dean puts a hand on the back of Cas’s seat as he reverses out of the motel’s parking lot. He deliberates that there’s no way Cas actually said anything; that Dean just needs to get more sleep.
Agreeing to drink with John was one of Castiel’s many stupid decisions. But, the important part was that Dean was safe. He’d had to call Dean twice, getting a busy tone the first time, but even
“You’re very capable of love,” Cas said, feeling quietly sentimental. “It’s . . . it’s part of what drew me to you. All this – hunting, living a life of persecution and toil, you wouldn’t do that if you didn’t love.”
getting down to the local stations. I don’t wanna hear any commercials for friggin’ Walmart when I got your dick down my throat.”
A few days later, Castiel found himself in Missouri. After touching down, he called Dean from a payphone and was given an address. Cas hadn’t thought to ask Dean to pick him up and had arrived when the sun had already started to set, so, not feeling like wandering alone in a strange city, he hired a cab and fretted about his bank account.
And he sounded like he was really in pain, and Dean’s brain skimmed through the usual suspects—anything from appendicitis to food poisoning, but Cas hadn’t eaten anything bad, Cas hadn’t eaten
He’d had juice enough left apparently to hear Dean’s mistakes and zap himself out here. Not enough left over for this. It was a strange sort of irony; Cas wasn’t angel enough to hurt Dean and wasn’t angel enough to heal him. Dean’s face was still aching from where Cas had hit him. He could feel wet on his lips, couldn’t quite tell if it was blood or tears, probably a mix of both. He wiped his face with his palm. He was pathetic. In a weird way, the pain felt fine. It was Cas’s gentle, repentant hands, helping Dean to his feet, that bothered him.
“I don’t know,” Dean argues easily. “It was my dumbass mistake.” Castiel is ready to launch a tirade over mistakes and death, but Dean persists. “I told Sam not to bring me back. I figured, what’s the point. Might as well go out the way I always thought – on a hunt. Not like I was ever built for anything more than that.”
but ... you’re always welcome here, Cas. You know that.” His eyes narrow, a strange look of sorrow on his face. “Right?”
Cas blinked. He was ‘into’ Dean, and that was about it. Dean’s eyes narrowed, and his hand trailed up Cas’s hip. “Like, you like it fast, slow? Hot, cold, nine days old?” Now Castiel really didn’t know what he meant. “I’m gonna jerk you off, Cas,” Dean said, and the way he said those words was worthy of blasphemy. But Castiel still had no idea what he was talking about.
“Screw him,” Dean said, easily. “He still doesn’t know I met up with Sam.” Cas nodded jerkily. He felt like he could tremble right out of his skin with the way Dean was looking at him. Dean smiled then.
“Should I have found it insulting?” he asked, lightly. He had a dangerous sort of stillness about him. He finally looked up at John and met his eyes, unafraid and a little condescending. “You were right.”
The way Cas hung around after Dean, the way Dean tailed him in turn. There was an attempt to keep business and pleasure separated, but it was hard to manage with Cas so eventually they got figured out.
Since then, Castiel had found it impossible to fall asleep again. He didn’t mind much. Dean’s arm cast over his chest, leg linking around his own beneath the covers…it was comfortable, and Castiel liked the intimacy of it. He was partly concerned about what Dean would say if he’d wake just now, but quietly Castiel just wanted to enjoy the moment.
Unlike Mary, John never believed in angels. In God or Heaven. Dean had easily taken on that disbelief, scorning a god that would take his mother away and feeling that only a callous and meaningless universe could explain what had happened to them, never considering that the truth would lie somewhere in the middle.
But he can’t say it. It’s too big. What he has with Cas has always been intense, scary, but it’s possible to manage when he doesn’t have to say it out loud.
“Actually, sir,” Dean said. “Cas and I aren’t just partners. We’re . . . together. Have been, for about as long as we’ve known each other.”
“Alrighty,” he said. “Consider me a patron. You guys got a menu?” Dean wasn’t the first to volunteer for bar food, but these were desperate times. The bartender shook his head.
And Dean, who didn’t believe in God, seemed to be praying. Castiel didn’t know what else to call it, Dean’s hand grasped around the amulet his brother had given him, slurred whispers muttered into it. The last refuge of the anguished soul.
“Say homo again,” Dean suggested. Cas glared, able to tell he was being made fun of. “You know, you’re pretty chatty for a guy with a sore throat.” If he was going to walk Cas through this trying time, he sure as hell was going to have some fun with it. But Cas was not having a good time; he looked like was going to pitch over.
“I always knew you had ... relations with some men,” Cas continues, warm-voiced this time. “Just not the way I wanted to be with you.” So, he
Cas can’t meet her gaze. Castiel was once a thousand feet tall. He feels smaller than an insect now.
Eyes watering, Cas argued, “Even if it was Heaven’s design to raise you from Hell, it was Heaven’s design that placed you there as well. When I raised you, it wasn’t for your benefit, Dean.”
“In the spirit of honesty,” he said, all defiance giving away to something closer to shame, like he already regretted bringing it up. “I love you.”
“May I?” he asked. Dean handed it back to Cas, along with the box of shotgun shells. He let Cas fiddle around with the gun, figuring out how to load it, and he leaned back against the Impala.
“Alright then,” she said. “Want me to give you a private tour?” Oh, Jesus fucking Christ. He’d done so well by this point to avoid outing himself to what probably amounted to a couple hundred strangers in a building that required two fucking passcodes to get in and out of. Dean mulled it over. But, he wasn’t one to let an opportunity slide, so he let her drag him along.
had taken. Further, Anna had briefly pretended that she had never met Charlie, introducing herself to the girl.
“Yeah, that’s not news,” Dean said, trying to keep his voice gentle but wondering what Cas was getting at.
Dean nods, smiles slightly. The wrinkles by his eyes curl over slightly, but his eyes alone are still serious, glazed, distracted.
“Two singles?” the woman at the desk asked, glancing between Cas and Dean, studying them. Cas noticed her posture was guarded, and he felt a chill of discomfort overtake him. It quickly became apparent she was making certain assumptions on purpose. Dean cleared his throat a little, looking down at the desk.
“It’s stupid,” Dean said, his hand clenching into a fist on his chest. “Wasn’t even a hunt. Listen Cas, I’m sorry for crashing, I—”
“Hey now, pick on someone your own size,” a voice spoke up from behind him. The voice was lighter, thinner, than seemed to match the owner, who was tall and masculine.
“Dean, don’t—” Cas began, realizing pretty quick what Dean was planning. His eyes darted around nervously, but Dean had already passed through the crowd, strolling up to the woman at the pool table.
Hell, even if Ben and Lisa would be safer with him, which was something Dean also couldn’t guarantee considering that he’d apparently lose Bobby in Zachariah’s future, they wouldn’t necessarily be better off with him either. Everything Dean touched seemed to crumble. He’d lost Sam, lost Adam, Bobby couldn’t walk. He’d nearly gotten Ellen and Jo killed, and he’d lost Jo a sweetheart. And fuck, if the rest of the world itself wasn’t falling to shit thanks to Dean’s choices.
Castiel found it strange…the way Dean looked at Castiel at times, the way his soul burned, like it was fluorescing under Castiel’s attention.  But he held Cas at a distance. Even if there was something about Castiel specifically that Dean…wanted…Castiel didn’t know what it was, and furthermore he knew that Dean didn’t truly want it. So Castiel let it rest and found himself alone.
“I’ve lived here for three years now,” Cas said, surprising himself. Time had really passed him by. “If you’re looking for tourism spots, we offer a town pamphlet.” He pointed to the magazine rack. “I also know of a few lovely hiking spots nearby.” The man laughed at that. Cas blinked, not sure whether or not he should be offended on behalf of his town.
“In my jacket,” Dean answered quickly, regretfully. Cas glanced over at the jacket cast over the table by the window, as though it were a mile away, winking in the distance. “Also, condoms in my wallet but . . . honestly, you don’t have to, I don’t mind. Cleaning staff, maybe, but –”
a deadbeat dad. A twofer.” Dean chuckled to himself. “Guess I can relate to that too.” He reached over and clapped a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “C’mon, read up,” he said. Cas nodded, and they turned back to their books.
Cas was still standoffish around John, and John with him, and while they mostly avoided each other it was more civil than it had ever been before. Nearly sustainable. Like Dean could have both of them in his life, long term, if he wanted.
He sighed. In his haste, he’d also forgotten his textbook and notes so this would be a solid eight hours that Castiel wouldn’t be able to study. Except…Castiel wandered behind the till and dug around beneath the stacks of papers, pulling out a small book of practice questions he’d gotten second-hand.
They’ve barely had a conversation and Cas is already talking him down, which only goes to show that Dean’s an unrepentant asshole and that this could never work.
“It could’ve gone worse,” Dean repeated. “But, it’s not like my dad’s wrong – either. You and me, we’re better hunters together. But we’re – we’re
Dean got in the driver’s seat and drove them out into the parking lot where he stopped and turned the engine off again. Cas had started to eat a little faster, probably finally realizing just how hungry he was, but that was no good. “Hey, easy,
So what, that Dean had idly tossed around the idea of being the one to liberate Castiel of his pesky virginity, that one night? He
“No, that makes sense,” Sam says, oh so analytical. Dick is actually interested in the topic now, it’s not so damn funny anymore. “I guess I wonder if it’s – let me know if this is getting too speculative or – or insensitive, but if it’s
Dean’s hands reached to cup Cas’s jaw, thumbs resting against his cheeks. Dean loved him. Cas had on one hand known this . . . Dean’s capacity to love was huge, a larger reservoir than Cas had ever seen in another person, grander than all of Cas’s family combined. But it was different to have Dean admit to it.
Sam nodded slowly. Then he glanced away. “Does Dean really talk about me that much?” he asked quietly. His voice was gentle.
“Yeah, you’re on the No Fly List,” Dean made the mistake of saying out loud and if looks could kill. Dean put up his hands, sighing,
“What are you talking about, Cas?” Dean laughed, leaning in to press his shoulder against Cas’s. He raised an eyebrow, smiling dazzlingly. “I smoke, I drink, I covet. I’m pretty much ten for ten for the Commandments.”
“Hmm,” he said, rolling the noise in his throat. “Maybe I should give that a try.” Dean mashed his head against the seat, trying to get comfortable. He felt a little dizzy.
“Cassie, what the hell are you doing?” Balthazar asked, with some flavour of confused sadness. “What happened to the plan? God’s plan?” Cas swallowed, feeling so incredibly human and weak before Balthazar.
Dean sat back in his chair. He wasn’t sure what the old man was getting at. Out of Dean, Sam, and Cas, Dean probably had the most practice being a father, but Cas was proving to be no slouch himself.
Cas remembers reading books upon books about troubled teenagers when he had first come to know Claire. The excerpts on suicidality jump out to him now, like koi snapping for feed. How reducing accessibility to means correlates with reduced risk, and how depression and passive suicidality can be outlasted, except that Dean hadn’t ... hadn’t wanted to. And would it have been fair for Castiel to hope that he would? He remembers what Claire said – that Dean had been sad in paradise.
“Yeah,” Dean laughed, instinctual, a little hysterical, and the movement scratched his throat, pricked at his eyes. Things were certainly working out that way, weren’t they?
of people. They’d known each other for more than a decade; if Cas wasn’t attached by this point, which frequently he didn’t seem to be anyhow, something would be wrong. But Cas hadn’t tossed around a quick ‘I love you, man’. He’d laid out all the laundry. Dean just didn’t think it was really his.
The way some people pray to God, Dean wishes he could talk to her now – ask her what to do, what he’s capable of doing. Charlie would help. But she’s still in an ivory tower in the sky. Of course, there’s another Charlie on the block – that looks like her, acts like her, but isn’t her.
something Dean ever genuinely considered pursuing seriously, especially when it had taken Dean so long to even get to a place where he feels half-comfortable admitting that he likes this, that there’s some vacancy in him, some sick gaping maw that can’t be filled by any number of people – though he tries. That he likes men. That he likes Cas.
“Even when I pulled you from Hell,” Cas remarks, reaching over and under Dean’s t-shirt to clutch at Dean’s shoulder beneath his palm with such significance it makes Dean’s insides itch, “Healing your soul, remaking this body, I was prideful.” His voice is warm – affectionate, appreciative. Sexy.
“You mind, Cas?” Dean reminded him. As an angel, dude didn’t get the concept of personal space but loved the concept of opting out mid-conversation. Some habits stuck, some didn’t. Cas threw his hands up again, lethargic and totally sarcastic.
Dean gaped after him. It was fucking February, and yeah the sun was out but—it was nowhere near weather for Cas to go into the water like that. It was up to his hips, his waist, and then up to his chest. His arms were in the air, and the lake swallowed up his shoulders. Did he even know how to swim?
“I’m not talking about the Winchesters,” Balthazar said, slowly as though he was being forced to speak with great patience. “Sam and the new boy.” Castiel looked over at Balthazar, gaze narrowing.
It sounded cool, but also something so beyond Dean’s comprehension that it wasn’t worth asking about. “Once, a girl I was into dreamed that I cheated on her and stopped talking to me,” Dean offered, bringing things back down to earth. His voice was rough. Cas smiled at that, but there was something tired about it. “So, you’re doing okay?”
Sam comes into focus first, his hair, his smile. He’s standing only a few feet away from Cas, shoulders hunched close to his ears, hands held up, nonthreatening, reassuring.
Dean breathes deeply, like for the first time, opens eyes he hadn’t realized he’d shut. He’s warm, sweaty, and the world looks so green, so
“Think Sam’s gonna fall for that?” Dean asked. Castiel looked down at his pancakes. They had cooled and the syrup Dean had laved on them had soaked through, leaving them slick and unappealing. All Castiel could think to say was that Sam wasn’t
The thought of forgetting Dean was unbearable. It would’ve been right, perhaps, for Cas to forget all the men he’d seen over the years, the ones who had poured some sort of inspiration into the empty broken part of his structure, those who had unwittingly tricked him into feeling whole, into forgetting his own brokenness. But Castiel couldn’t stand it. No one could ask him to forget Dean, not even Dean himself.
“I don’t know which one is good,” Cas said fretfully, looking at the strange names on their labels. Led Zeppelin, Motorhead, Blue Oyster Cult. The bands Dean liked seemed to take pride in naming themselves as randomly as they could manage.
“So, why not take it on faith that he does?” Anna summarized. Castiel nodded. Then, she argued, “Because it’s easier not to.” That caught Castiel off-guard.
That Cas has no issue telling Dean – time and time again – that he loves him, no matter how strange and standoffish Dean acts, no matter how much Dean, of all people, doesn’t deserve it ... that it’s true for Cas and he thinks Dean should know because it, because it –
“We will in six months,” he replied. Jo’s gaze flickered between him and Castiel, trying to read something deeper behind what they were saying. And just then, Castiel began to hear a rise in chatter on the celestial frequency. It was loud.
“Everything’s a grind once it becomes your life,” Cas said, feeling wise. “That only changes if you find purpose in it.” Church had been like that, college was like that, Castiel throwing himself time and time again after Dean. And there was something to be said about finding satisfaction in the struggle, Sisyphus and his boulder. Dean shrugged.
just rescue me,” he pointed out. He didn’t know much about adventure beyond what he’d read, and this seemed to fit the bill. Dean shrugged modestly, though he grinned. “Are you even a writer?”
“You know, I don’t see the point of biology,” Cas was saying, looking over Dean’s shoulder at the poster. “Organs I suppose are relevant but the delin-delineations from one species to the next are
Cas knew that that address would likely be revisited, and that Johnny would likely no longer live there. It was just a matter of principle to Naomi.
Castiel had never been a betting man, or at least much of a successful one. He knew it was a gamble, siding with the Winchesters over Heaven and Hell, even God. But, he trusted the boys enough to try, and with Sam having retrieved the final ring from Death and it seemed things were moving ever closer to some sort of conclusion. Still, Castiel worried about what was to come, and had no one to confess his fears to.
“I know,” Castiel agreed, feeling resigned. He looked out the window, feeling a little sick. He trusted God, he even trusted Michael and Raphael’s righteousness when they weren’t subsumed by, in Castiel’s opinion, their egos.
what you get—you’re lookin’ at the tip of a very shitty iceberg.” Castiel already knew Dean thought lowly of himself, but surely it was clear that Cas wouldn’t be deterred.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, tossing Cas the ring. He didn’t believe him. Which was just as well, Castiel hardly believed himself.
They drove in silence for awhile as Adam considered Sam’s words. Adam had been pulled from Heaven resentful, irritated. He was significantly younger than Sam and Dean. He’d known little of the life they led beyond the fact that he had been killed by it. Adam recoiled at the suggestion of any sort of responsibility he owed to the planet, responsibilities that Dean and Sam shouldered like twin Atlases, far enough to part not to see that the other was holding up the sky as well.
“You got another job, idjit,” Bobby said. “We both do. Saving people. How many people are you gonna save crawling into a bottle?”
And it was different from every other time someone had told Dean to get on his knees and spread them. Because Michael was calm as a king, saying, threatening,
“Cas,” Dean greeted before he got distracted, catching the fact that Cas wasn’t wearing the shirt he’d come. It was…lowcut, to say the least, with tasteful ruffles at the sleeves. “That’s a lady’s shirt.” He looked at the shirt pointedly and then back up at Cas’s face.
Dean filled up the silence with talks of the latest hunts he’d been on, the hunters he’d come across. Neither Cas nor Bobby contributed as much to the conversation, and Cas plead the Fifth as much as possible.
“Sorry, I,” Dean speaks up. “I should’ve. Dunno. Turned it on now and then. Drove it around the block. Maintained it.”
Cas nodded in Dean’s peripheral, posture giving into something a little more relaxed. Still worried, though. “When would be a good time?”
“Sure got a funny way of showing it, Cas,” Dean said, still a little angry, but his tone was lighter, confused. Cas felt ashamed. He’d already caused Dean more grief than he deserved. “Hey, hey, hey!” Dean barked, ducking down to chase Cas’s eyeline. “Don’t shut down. You were gonna tell me something.”
“Don’t take it personally, Cas,” Sam snickers at Dean’s silence, at the way Dean’s mouth was probably gaping uselessly like a fish. “Dean’s just emotionally stunted.”
Eileen and Sam decide on a lake in Utah. Eileen spent some time there on a hunt a few years ago and wants to bring them to her favourite spot. The plans of a vacation become simple with the two of them on board, and the trip swiftly fall into place.
“He tell you how he jumped in bed with a demon the moment I was out of the picture?” he asked. “How he got addicted to demon blood in the first place?” Cas pulled away from the wall, concentrating, and letting the blood vaporize before pulling down his sleeves.
John spoke like he’d already known about him and Dean for longer than he was letting on, that he’d had time to get used to it. Which was good. The fact that Dean would stick up for Cas, regardless of John’s opinions, wasn’t a surprise for Castiel, but it did warm him to hear Dean say so to his father’s face.
tagging along.” He glanced down at the table, away from Cas. “Which is optional so, if you’re not into it, you can always leave, Cas.”
“When you say you,” Dean starts. It gets Cas to pause, which is enough. Dean clears his throat. Like he’s trying to get an engine to start. It doesn’t help.
Dean wasn’t a huge fan of Cas’s new truck. He had fretted when he realized the car that Bobby had set aside for Castiel when Cas had first received it.
Dean got to his feet, pale. “Hi, uh, Cas, this is – uh – Cassie Robinson, and Cassie this is uh – Cas,” Dean stumbled. “He’s my, uh –”
“Dean, next week I’ll have four days off,” Cas said. “I wasn’t certain but, if you have the opportunity, we can go to Rexford’s Christmas parade.” Cas flushed then, feeling foolish for suggesting that. “Or…drink.” Dean liked drinking.
“Cas!” Dean said, voice coming out a little slurred but surprisingly cheery to his own ears. “You made it. Drink?” Cas’s eyes were so fucking cold Dean half expected him to use his last drops of Grace to shatter the bottle in Dean’s grasp. But he didn’t. Instead he pulled up the chair next to him, taking the bottle and a long swig, not even bothering to pour himself a glass.
Cas was quiet. “What?” he asked when he realized Dean wasn’t going to continue. His voice was soft, already a little forgiving, clearly interested in hearing Dean out only that Dean didn’t know what he wanted to say. Christ, Dean was an asshole.
“So,” the bartender said, pouring Dean a glass and setting the bottle beside it. Dean had to shell out cash given that the machines weren’t working. “Haven’t seen you around here before.” He was bored, probably. There was only so many times you could wipe the counter clean, Dean guessed.
“You’re just a little different, Cas,” she said, trying to be kind. “It’s good. The parts of you that
At any rate, Dean hadn’t been stationed in the centre and final level, a space reserved for Lucifer and other traitors, and for that Castiel was grateful. When he had finally caught sight of Dean’s soul amongst the twisted and bloodied writhing bodies, recognized his composition, Castiel had almost rejoiced. His journey was almost done, almost a success. As his garrison, or what remained of it, fended off the souls rising up to attack them Castiel had charged forward, blade in his left hand, to save Dean Winchester.
Cas spoke up suddenly then, voice tense. “I fell asleep again,” he said, pulling himself up into a seated position. It killed Dean, how lost Castiel looked, how scared. He ran his hands across his face in a distinctly stressed, human gesture.
While Castiel didn’t understand why Dean would visit him, it was clear that he’d been hoping for more than this. “I’m just sorry I can’t…be more engaged,” Cas said. While it was true that Castiel would rather spend time with Dean than work, he couldn’t exactly leave his post.
Castiel shifted uncomfortably, he’d been so caught up in watching their exchange he’d nearly forgotten he’d existed. It was jarring to be looked at.
“Not everyone’s owed the exact nature of our relationship,” Cas pointed out, getting into the driver’s seat and shifting the Impala into gear. “I don’t think she would respect it anymore had you told her I was a man.”
“Dean!” Cas blinked, surprised, unsure what Dean was doing here. Still, “It’s good to see you.” Dean’s smile broadened but fell to confusion as Cas stirred behind the counter, getting a pack of cigarettes. “You smoke?” Cas asked. Dean didn’t smell like a smoker but Castiel couldn’t assume.
It feels like an airplane hanger, large and impersonal, and Cas still feels like an interloper here. He feels like a fish in a sparse tank. Plenty of room to stretch out his limbs, but now he is so small he feels like he could drift away and disappear entirely. Still, it’s better than getting in anyone’s way. He can go almost the entire day without seeing either of the brothers. More, if they go for a hunt and neglect to bring him along.
It would have been smarter to let it go, to laugh it off with her, but he couldn’t. Like a scratched record, his thoughts kept catching and looping back to this. “Was there anything, about
Castiel returned Jo home and found Dean gone. After several desperate phone calls, Dean had finally answered, and Castiel found him in an empty hotel outside a nameless town in Iowa. Cas couldn’t determine if it was Dean’s last moment effort to chase after his brothers, or just the inability to stay in the same house as with the people he loved and felt he had disappointed, but here they were.
Gabriel had faked his own death, slain with a replica blade, and was intent on getting himself, Sam, and Adam out of the pockets of the Gods. “You’re cute,” Gabriel said to Adam. “No offense to Sam, but she likes
“Heard about what happened in Massachusetts,” Bobby said. Dean glanced over at Cas, and saw his jaw clench, but a look back at Bobby suggested that Castiel hadn’t mentioned Dean’s lapse. Dean fucked up so often maybe Cas figured it wasn’t worth mentioning. “Damn ugly business.”
“Well, that’s my specialty,” he said. He was not to be dissuaded tonight. Cas reached out to grip Dean’s wrist gently.
“My apologies,” Cas said, unloading the weapon swiftly and placing it on the hood of the Impala. He reached out and touched Dean’s arm through the material of his jacket, and Dean was taken aback by the movement until he felt a familiar buzz thrum through his body. Cas was healing him.
“Yeah,” he agreed. “I…same.” He looked back over at Cas and his eyes betrayed something Cas didn’t know what to call. But the emotion held Castiel firmly, and Cas felt that Dean must have been as lonely as Cas had been all these years. But this was more than that, Cas thought, different, because Dean started to lean into Cas’s space and Cas was turning to meet him. Dean, moving onto Cas’s side of the bed, saying, “Cas, I—”
in physics,” he said, which was the real issue. “I know it’s not . . . directly linked to religion, but it’s a study of God’s design of the universe.” Anna looked at him thoughtfully.
Daphne was staring at him across the table. They’d already run out of conversation. Anything else would be to dig deep into disappointments and failed ventures. But, well, if they were to be husband and wife…“Daphne, I must ask,” Cas said. “Do you…” he paused. There was a better way to ask this question. “Do you know why they want us to marry?”
Cas nodded. “I was there, wasn’t I?” he asked, sounding pained, unforgivably reluctant. Dean’s shoulders stiffened. So, Cas had condemned himself to this life already.
Dean put on the music, stuck on fucking Simon & Garfunkle of all things, but he let it play itself out for Cas’s sake. “I don’t know how much you gotta eat,” Dean told Cas. “How much of this is human or angel. Just go slow.” Castiel nodded, mouth full. He’d really been starving. Dumb angel had been too proud to admit that he’d needed food, or too scared to admit it because of what it meant for him.
“You’ll have to drive me back,” Cas said, adjusting quickly and still a little angry. “I caught the bus out here.”
“I’ll think twice about hunting alone next time,” Cas admitted, just to fill the silence, not wanting to draw attention to himself.
It wasn’t that gay men made Dean uncomfortable it was just ... Dean didn’t know how to act. Like a dog that had never been socialized with the other puppies meeting his own kind. Dean hadn’t exactly walked in a ton of pride parades. He didn’t know how to turn off his defensive attitude, and when he did, he didn’t know how to not act like he was trying to get paid.
Dean thinks back to a crypt, years ago, about how he’d almost said it then, blood pouring down his throat to the point of drowning, but still hadn’t. He might have died not saying it, after a few more blows, or it might have been tortured out of him – he’ll never know. It’s
“I mean, I’m just,” Dean sighed over at Castiel as he settled into the driver’s seat. “I – it’s not that I don’t
Cas’s keys are on the desk in the corner of the garage, and Cas reclaims them easily enough but when he goes to turn the key in the ignition, he finds that the car won’t turn on. Of course. Cas sighs, reaching up to massage a tension headache that’s beginning to form in his temples.
“It’s, uh—it doesn’t change anything, right?” Dean asked, tugging on the amulet around his neck nervously.
Dean could feel Cas’s forehead against his neck, then his cheek, then—his lips, chapped, scraping their way across his skin. That was too much, too soft, too much like a kiss. Cas’s lips were gentle, reverent, moving across the hollow of Dean’s throat and Dean couldn’t pretend it was anything but what it was.
“Sam is,” Jo cleared her throat. “Sam’s still on lockdown from what happened with Famine.” Castiel nodded. “Adam’s asleep, I think. He was pretty exhausted by the time he got here, I don’t think he ever drove so far in his life. Don’t tell Dean this, but I’m pretty sure Adam never got his driver’s licence.”
“That’s fair,” Cas replied. He was much more adept at hunting now, but it was true that he wasn’t on the level of a Winchester. “I suppose most people start out that way.”
“Should I leave?” he asked, trying to be sensitive, the throat of his vessel feeling tight. Dean opened his mouth and let it hang for a moment, before turning away awkwardly.
Dean’s brains are still a bit scrambled from the morning and the long drive that followed, and that the demon knows him by name sets him on edge. Dean knows logically he is a big name, but it still unnerves him when he’s recognized, and there’s something especially disturbing about this demon.
“I never wanted.” Cas drew nearer and Dean backed up to preserve the distance between them, like they were the same poles on different magnets. “Not really. Not until you.”
“Hell no,” he said. The man laughed some more, shifting the pack slung around his shoulder around as he walked further into the motel room.
“It’s actually ... surprisingly relieving to just ... finally tell you,” Cas said, smiling broadening, grin growing crooked and pleased. To finally tell Dean ...
Cas had been worried that Dean was dragging around a dead weight out of sentimentality or obligation. That maybe Dean would sacrifice himself for Cas the way he’d sacrificed himself for Sam, to Sam, his entire life. He understood the dangers of Dean giving a shit about somebody else. He hadn’t wanted to screw Dean over in that sense, and that’d be a first.
“So, I’m a babysitter now?” Dean hissed. “I didn’t spend my whole life watching over Sam just to adopt a new baby brother, who’s a whiny sack of shit—”
“Hey, what happened to that chick back in Carthage?” he spoke up, leaning back. “Back when we had the Colt.” Meg. Dean had never been the biggest fan but hey. “Thought she was checking you out.” Cas frowned.
“But I can’t do this,” Dean said. “You deserve better, Cas. You deserve better than some trumped up jackass that’s still figuring out if he likes guys, alright?” Castiel didn’t mind being an experiment, if Dean was the experimenter. The thought must have shown on his face because Dean shook his head as though to clear it, getting to his feet. Cas noticed his walk was a little shaky, a little stilted.
“No!” the bartender screamed. “No, don’t kill me! Please, please don’t—” And he started to pick himself to run when the window shattered and so did the bartender’s throat, blood splashing across Dean’s face, warm and wet.
Castiel wanted to lean over and close the distance between them but he couldn’t help but marvel at the man laying across him. Castiel had felt incorrect, incomplete, his entire life. This was what he’d been missing. This one person he’d lost everything for, and gained everything as a reward. Dean’s cheeks were flushed, from exertion or shame, Castiel couldn’t tell.
“This is Castiel,” Dean said, turning behind him to look at Cas who had caught up. “New hunter. Was wondering if you could, uh . . . get him setup with some paperwork. And a car.”
“Your fake badge is crap, but it’ll pass. We can hit up Bobby’s afterwards,” Dean went on. “There ain’t a document inside the United States that that man hasn’t forged at one point or another.” He chuckled. Cas nodded, unable to trust his voice.
it’s bullshit, but you really can’t . . . there’s no way my dad would be okay knowing you and I are hunting together.” Not to mention all the other ways they were together. “Hunters are assholes. You can only really trust yourself, and your family.”
“And I’m . . . I’m going to try to be better than I was, than who I am,” Dean went on. “For as long as we can see this through. I’m not – I won’t leave you.”
“You’re here now,” Dean replied with something like forgiveness. Cas nodded in agreement, slow and measured. Awkward as hell. But Cas wasn’t going anywhere. Not now anyway.
“I learned from the best,” Cas growled back from somewhere in the fridge. Dean let that one land, letting himself feel equal parts insulted and impressed. Dean was great at giving good advice he couldn’t follow, but then, it’s not as though Cas was a fantastic listener.
“I’ve got my own baggage around working with hunters,” John offered. “And civilians. I guess you’re a bit of both.”
“Christ, Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean said again. “I’m so –” he laughed shortly. “Doesn’t matter. You . . . I’m sorry.”
“Looks lived in,” he snorted. It sounded unkind, derisive. Castiel wasn’t sure what Dean had to scoff about it, he was, by all literal senses of the term, homeless himself. Dean was angry, still. “My piece of shit little brother here?” he asked, just the one thought on his mind.
“With one bed?” he asked. Cas didn’t say anything, feeling like he was teased and Dean laughed. Dean ran his hand across the thin hair on his scalp, smiling. He really was beautiful. After such a hellish day, a hellish life, Cas had made him happy.
,” Dean said. Cas looked like a deer trapped in headlights. And it wasn’t really fair, because Cas was – an angel of the lord, thousand of years old, a rebel and soldier a thousand times over. He shouldn’t have been scared of this, of Dean.
“Hey, that’s because I’m me,” Dean decides on. “I don’t know how to be happy.” He winks at her for good measure and she just rolls her eyes at the mouth of her beer bottle.
“Listen, you could’ve picked up a girl too, no one was stopping you. You’re—” Dean gave Cas a quick lookover, trying not to come off like he was checking him out. He cleared his throat. “You’re a good-looking guy. I’m sure you could take your pick.”
“I don’t know,” Cas said, and his voice broke. He blinked and gently shrugged off Dean’s hand. “What’s the room number?” he asked. The receptionist seemed surprised by his abruptness.
“Not particularly,” Cas said. Well, he would. Someday. At least he wasn’t complaining about the dry-clean smell.
It was a kick in the teeth to find out that Cas had been attracted to men this entire time and attracted to Dean. All those wasted years, and Dean only came to find out because his father couldn’t suppress his homophobia for his sons’ sakes. Dean wondered, wildly, if at least one good thing could come from that.
“Nothing’s wrong, I just,” Dean rushed to explain, because Cas looked more concerned than Dean wanted him to. It wouldn’t be a tough conversation, though even now Dean’s mouth was going dry. Dean squinted just south of Cas’s eyeline.
Dean still had his own toothbrush in Cas’s bathroom, and while Dean grabbed his sleeping clothes from his car Cas brushed his teeth and climbed into bed. Back inside, Dean spent what felt like an eternity in the bathroom, turning the tap on and off as he prepared for bed. Cas wasn’t sleepy, but long-term exhaustion has stealthily crept up on him. He could certainly rest now.
“If you’re bucking destiny, why bother trying to save this world?” Cas asked, leaning in, close enough to kiss. Sometimes Dean got the sense that Cas was kind of into him, or at least as into a human as angels could get. It was a little uncharitable maybe, and it wasn’t Cas’s fault he’d wound up in a man-shaped meatsuit so that by default all his weird mannerisms came off looking kind of gay, but they really did. Dean dragged his eyes from Cas’s mouth and back to the road, resisting the urge to tell Cas off only because he got caught on the words.
“That’s a shame,” Cas sighed. Very rarely did he get that many days in a row off. “I could come and visit you,” he offered.
Dean didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know why Cas had flipped like that and he didn’t know what question to ask to get a decent answer. He could also feel that it was too raw, in between them. He felt exhausted suddenly, the heater blowing almost too hot and muggy on his skin, but Cas’s teeth had finally stopped chattering.
He wiped his eyes, finding them wet, and his palm came free with slick, black ectoplasm. Disgusting. Cas wiped his hands on his pants.
. He hadn’t drunk this much since he’d found out God had gone out to buy a pack of cigarettes and never came back. Dean guessed in some way the loss of his teleportation abilities was just another reminder of that. Dean didn’t blame Cas for reacting poorly, who was he to judge?
They weren’t that far from the town’s shops and Dean needed the time to collect his thoughts. He kept checking his phone to see if he’d get a connection but he never did. He tried not to be paranoid. The roads were not being salted, and in fact, as far as Dean could see, most people weren’t on the roads in general. It was creepy.
“Okay, buddy, are you okay with doing a little bit of gravedigging?” Dean asked, checking behind him as he pulled out onto the street. “My heart feels like it went ten rounds with a lug wrench, so I dunno if I’m up to it.”
Dean reaches behind his back to strip off his last layer, and Cas helps. Dean’s not doing his back any favours, nothing but Cas’s jacket separating him from the porch now, but what Cas does next justifies all of it.
It wasn’t that Cas didn’t masturbate, but that he didn’t like to. Even now, he sometimes had difficulties finishing, anxiety and guilt taking over before he had a chance. The shame that invariably followed usually couldn’t justify the pleasure either, even as an adult, perhaps especially as an adult. It was a trove of misery that Cas didn’t like to explore, yet somehow all that they had done up to this point felt more pleasurable, more righteous even, than anything Castiel had done on his own.
That was surprising, for how much love and pride Dean radiated when speaking about his brother. “Do you regret that?” Cas asked. Dean shifted in his seat.
John was determined to apologize. “Sorry,” he said again, raising his voice and rising to his feet. Dean moved aside his chair, ready to spring into action.
“About what?” Jo snapped. She wasn’t going to make this easy, but she moved into the kitchen out of Cas’s sight.
It’s been a while since Dean’s been touched like this. The way Cas is so rough and tender in one, dispensing all pleasantries so that he can get at what matters, what they both want. He withdraws his hand slightly from Dean’s pants, cool air fluttering over Dean’s skin, only so that he can grasp Dean with his fingers, gently circling him.
The strange shame Dean had always felt about this is about a thousand times worse when you’re thinking about an angel. It’s sacrilegious and sexy, but Cas was always so righteous that Dean could never get the guilt out of his mouth, thinking about him.
Cas had on a jean jacket that looked hot off a thrift store rack, loose fitting pants, a Boston marathon t-shirt. He looked like a totally different person, more like the man Dean had seen in 2014 than the person he’d met back in 2008. They had three years to go now, in either direction, but Cas was already leaning more towards the latter. He was changing and all Dean could do was watch.
Dean had seen it outside, some shitty car Bobby could bear to spare, most likely. “Yeah, was wondering when the owner of the 1978 pimpmobile would come to the parking lot,” he confessed. Cas’s gaze narrowed into an unpleasant glare but Dean found himself luxuriating beneath it.
definitions at best. The laws of quantum mechanics are more dependable.” Cas staggered a little. Dean didn’t know what the fuck Cas was talking about, but he could appreciate the number of syllables.
Cas had been sleeping more often lately but always sleeping like shit. Most nights he spent laid up tossing and turning. Cas’d never been exactly laidback and, well, it was a different matter altogether when he was a living thing that needed to eat and sleep.
“Hey, none of my business if you did,” Dean said, putting up his hands in surrender. She smiled tentatively back at him, bewildered but he could see a glint of interest in the dark of her eyes.
for you,” Cas went on, sounding shattered. His hands were on Dean’s collar and his eyes were bright with fury and anguish. “And
Point was, Dean was relieved to have Cas in his corner. Even if he was a shithead that was finding some way of being addicted to a nonaddictive plant. If Cas needed some pep, Dean couldn’t begrudge him that. Whatever kept Cas walking.
“He just took me off the case,” Dean said, putting a reassuring hand on Cas’s arm. “He didn’t kick me out. Alright?” He thought Cas was being oversensitive because of his own experiences with his family. And perhaps he was right, but Cas couldn’t help but feel that the situations were not as different as Dean thought they were.
John Winchester wept in the kitchen, silently, but with broad shoulders heaving with sobs like waves on the shore. He accepted each test wordlessly and didn’t bat an eye at any of the additions.
Demons aren’t normally ones for the rustic life, but times are a-changin’, and all the signs point here. The disappearances, the stolen cars caught on traffic cams, the strange omens surrounding this location. Given the number of people that have been disappearing so Dean wouldn’t be surprised if the demons are trying to pull some blood ritual bullshit in the woods.
Cas’s kiss is sure for someone Dean had always figured would be unpracticed, naive, but those are old fantasies now. He holds Dean by the nape of the neck, carefully guiding him to settle against the porch, and Dean gets his hands, with just a small tremor, onto the backs of Cas’s arms, snagging his cold, smooth trench coat beneath his palms.
Dean’s hands strip Cas bare, slide up Cas’s thighs to press him down into the bed as Dean quickly remembers how to do this, then does it.
“Congratulations?” Cas tried. It seemed to satisfy Dean. Though not for long, soon he was turning his face away from Castiel, sighing as though greatly stressed. Castiel was tired too, worn thin, having put his quest on hold to find Dean and having fought razor-sharp shadows that Gabriel had conjured. He looked down at his pancakes again and wondered if he should try one to appease Dean.
When she got up to his crotch she looked up at him, no doubt trying to figure out what he was packing. “Listen, sweetheart,” he said, managing to find his backbone. “Buy me dinner first.” She let go of him like she’d been shocked. She clenched her jaw and carried on patting him up, paying special attention to his chest when she got there. Yeah, she fucking knew. She fucking
Didn’t take them long to get settled in the establishment. It wasn’t a super classy place, just your standard all-American diner, mostly populated by old people this time of day. Dean was going to try to make it to the heart of Nebraska by ten tonight, so this meal was gonna be his lunch and dinner. Breakfast too, technically. Cas and him took a table by the window and the waitress left them alone with their menus.
against instruction. Even now, Castiel didn’t know what had so fascinated him with Dean to begin with, Dean
“Tell me, has your education helped you at all with evangelizing?” Naomi asked. “I imagine there would be
Dean had had a few conversations with Cas like this. Usually the hardest ones. It was a bit like prayer. Dean could almost pretend that he was just talking to the air, not knowing if Cas could hear or would even respond.
, Jesus, keep doing that,” Dean was mumbling, thrusting himself against the mattress. “Fuck, you feel so good, keep – keep fucking –”
Eileen and Sam deferred coming along, so it’s just Dean and Cas. They listen to the radio in silence and Cas pretends to doze off as they drive past forest and farmland to finally reach South Dakota sometime in the evening.
When they parted Dean was grinning again, eyes gentle. “Let’s hit the road, Cas,” he said, looking hopeful and light. He might as well have been welcoming Castiel home. Cas stole another kiss and then walked around to slide into the passenger’s seat of the Impala.
And all of Castiel’s carefully prepared proofs and wagers scattered to the ground. He didn’t even remember to give Johnny a pamphlet. He didn’t even think to look behind him and offer some sort of apology.
Dean lets himself lean his head against Cas’s chest as he shuts his eyes and grits his teeth, waiting for the injury to recede. And it does, slowly.
“Put it this way,” he said. “We gotta hope they’re dead.” Jo’s jaw dropped. She looked at Dean, expecting he would change his mind, switch tracks and give her something more like hope but…he couldn’t. As they’d agreed the night before…neither of them wanted things to turn out the way they were. But the world kept spinning, and they’d have to roll with it to keep from stumbling.
Hell was Hell regardless where they travelled, subtle changes in scenery notwithstanding, but the difference between Limbo and the next rung was obvious. This was where the punishment started in earnest, the transformation from sinful soul to corrupt demon, the transformation of soul to power which could be harnessed. To witness such bloody, intimate torture; it was repulsive.
It was mindless work, and infinitely easier on Dean’s heart health than hanging out in the house where Mom was busy reconsidering her marriage, Jack was pacing around like a puppy left home alone for the first time, and Sam preening like he’d just announced himself president of the GSA.
another dumb decision for Dean to add to his dumb fucking decision collection. But, screw it, they needed the gas so there was no way around it.
“If you’re going to be out of my life, you should—” Cas cut himself off. He was angry. He was really
Her lips were pulled into a little smile. “That’s alright,” she said, hands tracing across his biceps, tilting her head to the side, her hair fanning across her shoulder. “I don’t like the average guy.” Dean smirked. That was fortunate, since there was just about nothing Dean that was average, for better or worse.
“Anyway,” Dean says loudly, hefting his breath as he squats in front of Miracle. “Almost glad that hunting’s over, means I don’t gotta worry about this guy.”
“You pray too loudly,” Cas spoke up from behind him, voice deep and cold as winter waters. Dean whipped around and before he had the chance to properly understand what it meant that Cas was here, or how he’d come, Cas had landed a solid punch on Dean’s face.
But, while Cas never brings it up, Dean just wishes that that was enough reason to dismiss it – because he
“I keep telling you, Cas, it’s not all bad,” Dean offered. “Being human. There’s music. Sex. Food.” He’d have to teach Cas the finer points of humanity. Maybe he’d make him a mixtape or something.
what I need to like a woman,” Jo said dryly. Dean squinted at her like he wasn’t certain if she was joking. He moved on.
And, if sometimes his notetaking was less professional, and instead he wrote about dinners he and Dean had shared, or sights they had enjoyed together, well that was his business. Even if Dean teased him about it, blushing all the while.
“Alright,” Cas echoed dumbly. And then Dean put his hands on either side of Cas’s face, kissing him firmly, and tugging him down. Cas could hear the metallic jingle of Dean undoing his belt, and then his zipper. Dean stripped off his pants and maneuvered Cas’s leg on the seat and got on top of him, grinning wolfishly.
it’s weird!” Dean explains, successfully ripping some of his label. “Right?” His face feels hot. He scoffs. Miracle stirs beneath the table at Dean’s feet where he’s been lying, but otherwise doesn’t move an inch. “I mean, does he say stuff like that to you?”
“Well, you do,” Dean said gruffly. “You’re . . . you’re a good guy, and funny, and you . . . you make things easier on me. A
“You don’t have to,” Cas offers. He looks over Jody’s backyard, into the distant forest, dark green-blue in the night. “I don’t know how Heaven is now but I’m sure it’s ... nice.” Peaceful, by definition.
Cas had heard his prayers. He’d have to know on some level that that was true but. It was one thing for Dean to pray out in the ether for Cas’s understanding than to answer a question like this, like this was some breakup and Dean was in the doghouse.
“Relax, Castiel,” she said, voice clear. “I’m not going to hurt Dean. Or Sam.” He didn’t believe her. “I see now that the end of the world has already started. There wouldn’t be a point.”
“I wouldn’t have let him pick a fight with you,” Dean decided. “I guess . . . I was expecting him to try something. I feel like I went in swinging for a haymaker and missed.” He frowned. “He really must’ve known. Or at least, guessed.” Dean’s face suddenly went pale. “Christ, I thought I’d been smart about this.”
John spoke some more, a lengthy speech probably relaying information about the hunt. Likely information Dean and Cas already knew.
Castiel uprooted his life. He handed in his two weeks to Nora, with little explanation or warning, made plans to move, and switched his focus entirely to his schoolwork. He felt guilty for abandoning his manager on such short notice, but he couldn’t bear to tell her the truth. He didn’t want to acknowledge how it would look to people like Nora or Dean—those who didn’t think Castiel was a sinner, or at least didn’t care that he was one.
At a gas station where Dean was filling up, Cas had asked for pocket money. Dude apparently liked to read gossip mags and Dean was not inclined to judge. But when Cas came out of the Gas-N-Sip, with Dean already primed to pull out of the lot, the haunted look on his face made Dean reconsider. Dean climbed out of the driver’s side and paced over to Cas.
“What?” Sam laughed, helping himself to another slice of lasagna. Dean was gratified to hear the surprise in Sam’s voice. “We’re all still learning how to parent, Dad, but it’s not like Cas is gonna accidentally drown him in the tub.”
He could’ve laughed but Dean looked so stricken Cas just softened, unable to stop himself from reaching out to grip Dean’s wrist, feeling for his heartbeat.
might have been interested in him, so desperate he was to slip under the radar believing he could grow love and attraction from basic human kindness.
“I don’t know,” Jody says. “Think she’ll talk to me about it? She’s not the easiest kid. But she’s worth it. That’s all I wanted to say. Think about it,” she requests. “Alright?”
“Of course,” he said. “Thank you.” He swallowed. Michael had never even laid a hand on him. He racked his mind for something he could’ve missed, something Michael had touched. As far as Dean knew, the only thing Michael had ever touched was…his brother, and that was a whole problem in and of itself.
“Humour was never Zachariah’s strong point,” Cas murmured, tilting his head up in annoyance. Would his life truly become so empty without his Grace that he would be left to fill it with drugs?
“Lucifer may be an angel, and he may have supporters,” she said. “But that’s why we need angels that we can trust to stand against him. I wouldn’t ask if I had any other options.” Hester’s sneer told the truth. Castiel leaving his garrison, leaving Heaven, had disappointed her and in his absence he could see she had risen in the ranks. His return might even disadvantage her, but still she asked.
“Oh?” Cas asked, tone polite even though Dean could recognize the undercurrent. Cas raised one eyebrow, not looking at John, idly running his hand along his beer. “Like what?” He spoke casually, like he didn’t care for the topic of conversation and was feigning ignorance to be polite.
“Not if I’d done better by him,” he said. “He had…a family. Wife. Child. He…believed in a holy mission. Believed in God.” Cas laughed. “I never realized what a…
“I mean…” Adam said. “My mom is happy up here. Your mom is happy. That Ash guy, Pamela, they’re happy. If we can make Heaven on Earth, then…then why are we fighting it?”
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. He’d been right about Cas not liking John. Guy was obvious, when Dean was looking.
John suddenly looked much older than Dean had ever seen him. Tired. Like somewhere along the line he’d turned from some brass statue into something worn and starting to break down.
Castiel’s superiors weren’t happy that Cas hadn’t discovered where Anna was spending her time these days. His comfortable position in Heaven was a sword of Damocles, perched waiting to fall.
“It would never work,” he decided. “She might have thought that killing Lucifer would be possible because demons don’t have access to the universe the way Heaven does but…it’s clear that Heaven has a vested interest in seeing the Apocalypse through.” Cas swallowed his disappointment. “They would protect Lucifer as well.”
Cas looked over at Dean, whose face was tense but betrayed no clue as to what Castiel should say. “I’m also a student,” Cas offered. “Physics.” He decided not to say he was still an undergraduate, but it didn't matter.
was kind of human. The thought of Cas standing outside on Ellen’s porch waiting for morning like a robot wasn’t any more of a comforting image for Dean. And it surely wouldn’t be a welcoming sight for Ellen by the time she came home.
Dean chewed on his lip. Leave it to Cas to smack him with Intro to Ethics. Dean’s entire life had been a series of obligations. Cas had once said Dean’d been born when his mother had died, and it held. Obligations to his dad, obligations to Sam. And the people he cared about kept dropping off, and with them their obligations, and Dean was left here with…what. With his guilt? With Cas?
“Okay, you were pretty handy, I’ll give you that,” Dean sighed, relenting. He looked Cas over, sizing him up. In the midst of his irritation, he seemed impressed. “Where the hell’d you learn to fight like that?”
Perhaps a little foolishly, Cas fumbled through his pockets. Castiel had managed to purchase a reasonably affordable cellphone. It wasn’t that Dean wouldn’t answer Cas’s calls from the Gas-N-Sip or his apartment, but Cas didn’t want to press his luck, and he’d been meaning to get a new phone for awhile. After his third try, Dean finally answered the unknown number. “Who is this?” he asked, guarded.
“The hell was that about?” Dean asked, hushed. “That someone from Sunday school?” Cas didn’t have the energy to tell Dean that he was right.
“Yeah, well, he’s a dick,” Dean sighed, angling his body to make some more space for Cas next to him, if Cas wanted to take it. “I just ...
“I’m going to meet Dean in Sioux Falls in two weeks,” he said at last. “At a Biggerson’s. Can you make it?”
“Yeah,” Dean said breathlessly. “And I know we can’t exactly broadcast it. But . . . uh. I love you, man. And I’m yours, you know?” He said it so casually, but Castiel could still hear, feel the weight of it. “People oughta know that, right?”
“Cliché as this may be, studying physics, I feel as though I’m coming to know God,” he said, and his voice came out a little choked because he didn’t often speak about why he loved physics. No one had really asked him. Cas amended, for Dean, “The universe, whatever is the preferred term.” Dean grinned, but the look in his eyes was kind.
But now, they were traveling out together on another one of Bobby’s cases. Whenever John called to give Dean a case, Dean made sure Cas and he travelled separately or not at all. He wanted to avoid them meeting again if he could, and more – he didn’t want John knowing that they were hunting together.
And then Sam and Adam were killed. Trouble found them, as was typically the case—so typical, in fact, that Castiel didn’t bother immediately informing Dean or Bobby. Such a setback would only lead to panic although such matters, at this point, had become routine.
Dean had gotten so used to this body, this frowning face, these shoulders and hands and lips, he saw Cas in them. But Cas was right…this wasn’t really him. He cleared his throat, allowing himself some curiosity, “So, you don’t have your Grace, but you’re still…
Dean and Cas hadn’t had a chance to talk about it yet. Cas had withdrawn himself and Dean had been kind of avoiding everyone, Cas included. But Dean had seen the look on Cas’s face that night. Dean had to tell Cas that it was okay, no matter how bad it came off, and there was no time like the present.
For sheer length of time it was more…awkward than the first kiss. Given that Castiel wasn’t panicking as he had the first time he was allowed to really focus on what was happening. Dean’s breathing, fast and distracted, his teeth catching on Cas’s lips, their noses bumping artlessly and Dean’s nervous little laugh in response. Still, Dean was incredibly gentle, and his hands perched on Cas’s jaw and ribs felt nothing short of perfect.
“You could have slept in longer, but I noticed you still haven’t shut off your alarm,” Cas goes on to explain, “I thought coffee would help.” He’s not wrong, and Dean’s grateful for it.
And as he waited for his silent misgivings to go away, to let serenity take him and shut his faulty brain off, it never happened. And then the novelty of paradise faded, too. How often can you swish peace around in your mouth until the mint loses its sting?
be, Cas,” Dean said, suddenly angry. “But I’m too –” he cut himself off. “Too damn selfish. To let you go.” As though Cas was selfless enough to let him.
“So, it was, uh, one of my Dad’s old cases. Incomplete, turns out. Vampires killing kids, a real downer. They wore funny masks, though. Creepy clown masks, Sam probably hated it.”
He thinks about how far he could really push Cas, if he wanted. He’s done it before. Been so angry, so cruel and callous, that Cas ditched out of self-respect, out of self-preservation. In many ways, Cas deserves an out.
“Let me,” Cas said, something sharp and irritated in his eyes. Dean let him. Let Cas get close, get his hand on Dean, two fingers on his forehead, a firm press of the pads of his index and middle. Probably didn’t have the juice enough to heal him without touching him.
So, when Cas and Dean return to the bunker the following night after a mostly quiet day of travelling, Miracle bounds up to greet Castiel with untapped energy.
He’d told her goodbye, he told her something was going to happen that he was tangled up in and couldn’t avoid. Thankfully, Lisa had always struck Dean as being smarter than him, so she’d been able to take care of herself. Now he had no idea where they were, could only hope they were doing well. That they’d run as fast and far away from Dean as they could.
“Paradise on Earth relies on Michael winning,” Castiel reminded them. “While technically the battle can be fought in your two vessels, Dean is the Michael Sword. It’s unlikely that Michael would win with you as a vessel, Adam.”
Cas, for what it’s worth, hasn’t stopped smiling. That in itself is amazing, and it grips at something so deep and fundamental in Dean’s chest whenever he glances over at his friend on the passenger side.
best friend,” he reminds Dean. It’s kind of a relief that, as smart as Sam is, he’s dumb about this stuff. “And you know. He’s always been like this. You guys have a ‘
you there’s been no mistake,” he started in, and Dean briefly, detachedly, wondered how Cas could talk like a librarian and still come off so dangerous.
“Nice to meet you, Risa,” he lied. “This is my friend, Cas. Mind giving him his knife back? It’s a—uh—family heirloom.” Risa looked down at the bloody blade in her hand and balked at it. She handed it back to Cas reluctantly.
They pull over and park by the side of the road, above a culvert, looking over a little creek. Dean walks over to the railing and puts his elbows over it, staring down into the water below.
“So, I’m to act as your valet?” Castiel asked, unimpressed, stepping forward into Dean’s space. This was beyond childish. Castiel had been draining himself in his hunt for God and this—
All this to say, romance was never at the top of Dean’s pyramid after the afterlife. With time, things changed, and honestly sex after Hell had helped bring him back into his body the way few things could.
Dean managed to successfully exorcise one demon, threaten another one into evacuating, before a third demon had come up, stolen his knife, and stuck it in his side – again and again.
“I – Dean!” Sam’s fretting. “Listen, if it really makes you feel that weird, he’ll get it. We all obviously care about each other, so if you’d rather he didn’t say it out loud this often I’m sure he’d stop.” There’s no way.
Cas was tired, and being in bed, wrapped up with Dean, even though he smelled like smoke and car exhaust and coffee, even though Castiel still felt hurt and hungry, was comforting. And Castiel wanted to rest. Forget the day had happened.
“God can be cruel,” Cas said at last. “We do a disservice to Him and ourselves when we forget that.” Anna nodded.
Cas placed his hands on Dean’s hips, snagging the belt loops, and Dean moved up onto his knees to help him, landing back onto Cas’s lap. Dean laughed a little, feeling how hard Castiel had gotten just from being close to Dean.
“So, she would have been your – your next relationship?” Cas asked, fingers tightening around the wheel. “Your rebound?”
Cas could see the tan line around Dean’s ring finger on his right hand, a shadow of the absence of the ring Dean had worn for so long. The line looked almost naked, and Cas knew how vulnerable Dean must feel without the ring. They would get Dean a new ring, but it would go on the other hand, and with time this line would fade.
If anything it would be insulting if Dean tried pretending that it didn’t mean anything at all ... though he was still having issues actually bringing it up again.
“No need,” Cas explains. “And the flavour is – off-putting. Or, it used to be. This was, of course, delicious.”
Dean had little to say to her. It had been a difficult day, he and Jo were both somewhat subdued from the horrors they had seen. Dean had gotten a little injured in a confrontation with another dead soul earlier that day, something Cas had been able to help with, but he wasn’t able to help with this. Ellen, having explained the situation to Dean, lapsed into a haunted silence once more.
Not angry, not sad. But that same tone of voice in their conversation in Dean’s car after the last time Cas had come back from the dead, from the Empty. Dean cares.
Dean had honestly just been planning to hustle up some cash, but…it’d been awhile. Being busy with Cas and trying to stop the apocalypse and all. Even now, in all technicalities, he was with Cas—or rather Cas had tailed him out here with nothing better to do. For all Cas’s bluster about Dean’s clinginess, dude stuck to him like gum.
Before Dean can say anything, Cas has already moved away down the kitchen to wash out his own mug in the sink.
“Yeah,” Jo agreed, smiling crookedly. “But he’s Sam. So…he does worry.” She sounded almost apologetic.
dick now,” Dean consoled him. He grabbed a pair of beers from the so-called honor bar and he tossed Adam a bottle.
It’d been some time since he’d slept in a house that wasn’t Bobby’s. It was weird. It made Dean feel like he’d missed the last step of a staircase. He roughed up the pillow Jo had provided, and lazily reclining on the sofa, pulling up the sheets to cover himself.
And Dean had turned away, digging his weapon into the table beneath him, intent on ignoring Castiel. A rejection, a resignation to his fate. Dean, who had for a second looked so humbled and awed to behold an angel, had turned down the offer of salvation, for reasons Castiel hadn’t immediately understood. But it hadn’t been an offer, and Castiel had placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder, gripping him tightly, vacating inferno together.
Dean didn’t like going shirtless in bed, or at least without his binder, so this was still fairly novel, Castiel being able to enjoy the flat of Dean’s shoulder blades, the valley of his back where his spine ended, as he gently laid his hands on him and massaged minute circles down his body with his thumbs.
“Nothin’,” Dean says. But shit, there’s really no point to lying, if half the reason he’s doing this is because he wants to warn Cas off, or at least figure out where he stands. “Thinking about setting up a dating profile.”
Pulling into a junkyard in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, Dean kicked up thick clouds of brown dust into the sky. Cas, who had been napping on and off in the backseat, sat up as they approached, the road becoming bumpier with potholes.
He and Dean were spending more time together and Cas had thankfully learned the art of not talking. It was great. Because Cas’s point-blank rejection and his callous topic choice smarted pretty hot for something he’d said so easily. Dean could see now that Cas had been doing Dean a real solid by not talking about Sam, because Dean…obviously couldn’t handle it. Thankfully, Cas had retreated. Dean was regrouping.
In the threequel I’m never going to write, where John goes on a hunting trip and hasn’t been home for a few days and Dean and Cas go to get Sam etc etc and Dean eventually sells his soul to bring back Sam ... Cas gets Dean out of Hell <3. I just don’t have the creativity or will to create a plot about that but manifest THAT. Anyway, thanks for reading :D
“Knowing my track record,” Dean admitted grimly. Cas felt vaguely nauseous. “But, I didn’t, Cas. And – no matter what I say or think now, there’s no way of knowing what I would’ve done if you had – ditched me on the spot right then and there. But, I wanna think I’d fight for this. It’s what I should have done.”
“They were infected,” Cas explained. Dean nodded slowly, adrenaline still humming through him, still getting used to the idea that he wasn’t in danger anymore.
“It just couldn’t last. And it’s not like I could’ve left those kids to fend for themselves, I had to help. And, I don’t know. I knew I was going to die sooner or later. On a hunt – or. And I get that I didn’t have to hunt, but why would I settle down when I didn’t have anyone to settle down with and Sam was better off without me? You were still in the Empty. Hell, there was a part of me that wondered if I might end up in the same place.”
.” Cas looks perplexed, annoyed. Talking to Cas can sometimes be like yanking out your own teeth one by one.
know that. Humanity is the losing team. Maybe with the angels you’d have a shot.” He made it sound as though the choice Castiel had made was monumental—and perhaps it was, but it carried with it the implication that he could have ever made another choice.
But eventually, between Kaia, and Jody, and everything else that was happening, Dean and Cas had found themselves in a moment of peace. Alone with a bottle of scotch and some moments of silence, they’d come to some sort of quiet companionship that they’d sometimes managed when things had been good, or at least better than they were now.
used to believe,” Cas replies boldly, raising one of his eyebrows. It’s a good look on him, it always was, but now it’s different. He’s worn this face for years, grown into it.
All of John’s strange looks at Cas, how his attitude towards him had so swiftly changed, all clicked into place for Dean then.
In the morning, he wore Dean’s words in place of a jacket, making Dean coffee and keeping him company as he and Bobby worked on a car for Castiel.
Instead the man introduced himself. “My name’s Dean,” he said. “I’m on the road a lot doing, uh…research on urban legends.” Urban legends. Cas has never heard of a research topic like this before and he was intrigued. No wonder the young man had stuck out to him.
“That doesn’t mean you—” Dean started grumbling, and then his expression morphed to one of comprehension. “Oh. Okay, that’s fair, actually.” Castiel suddenly felt exasperated with this man. He didn’t know what Dean wanted from him. But when Dean reached out a hand to help Castiel to his feet, Cas accepted. His grip was firm.
“Lookin’ good, Cas,” Dean wolf-whistled when Cas stepped back out into the bedroom. He had unpacked himself on the other bed, and was laying down on it, comfortable. Cas didn’t believe him, but he offered an admittedly weak smile, wandering over to his bed and moving his clothes onto the chair.
“Thank you, for the drinks,” he said, incredibly formal all of a sudden. He picked himself off the couch, his coat hanging off his frame in a way that made him look like a little kid.
the millionth customer. And it could have been someone better than me. I can’t have been the first guy to flirt with you, Cas.”
When they at last parted, Dean pressed his forehead against Castiel’s, and moved their joined hands together into the space between their laps, just holding Cas.
.” And he didn’t have the bravery to elaborate but Cas just looked at him, sad eyes and all. “You can live. For starters. You can hang onto this miserable world.” Dean took a breath. He felt like hitting something.
Jo. Sam’s a liability. The further away he stays from all this, the better. And the further I stay away from him…the better I’ll handle it when,
me.” He spat the words. “I should be over this.” He was never getting over this. He’d been okay for awhile, he’d actually been better with Cas he felt like, despite all that had happened. Things had kind of tapered down to a sort of dull ache. He had no idea what’d set him off like this. Things hadn’t been this bad since—well, since he’d first gotten back. Not that things had been easy for Cas either.
It just feels incredibly temporary. The brothers insist they want him to stay, want him to heal up from the trauma of his Grace being torn from his body as they pried him from the Empty, but Cas feels more out of place here than he ever has before.
Dean, who had been acting so jovial and gruff, leaned in and pressed a quick kiss across Cas’s temple, lips a little dry but pleasantly warm. Cas leaned into the touch. He knew that while Dean would likely never choose Cas over his family, Dean nonetheless preferred being here.
“No,” Dean finally admitted. He pulled Castiel closer. “I’d hate it. But it’s been eating at me.” That he’d been Cas’s first sexual partner and, despite Dean’s best efforts, likely his only one.
“I knew,” Cas interrupted gently. It was the first time he’d spoken since getting in the car, and the gravel of his voice anchored Dean to the moment. “Or ... had suspected.”
“Well, thanks,” Dean said, unsure if he should be offended or concerned. Cas just looked at Dean, desperately sad. “Guns are the great equalizer,” Dean settled on, his father’s words, maybe a little dismissively though he was shooting for reassuring. He trusted that Cas wasn’t
It was a generic haunting – some construction workers killed due to lax safety measures. The project had run out of money, not even enough to tear it all down, so the building had just stood empty for years until some stoner teenage tourists had gotten crushed to death under some invisible beam.
There were many old cars in various states of disrepair, or – given what Dean had told Cas about the role of the land – repair. Towering trees lined the property as they approached, sturdy evergreens like Cas hadn’t seen in years, and they thinned out as Dean brought them closer to the house.
“I don’t think I’ve ever met, or ever will meet, someone as beautiful,” Cas murmured, feeling the muscles of Dean’s back flex as he moved. Dean had to know. “As strong, and brave, and righteous. Your heart—”
Dean considered telling her about the Valentine’s Day Cas had put down hundreds of burgers; it had been one of the worst days of Dean’s life but in retrospect had had its moments.
That Cas has just dreamt about simply being taken away is almost a reprieve. He takes in a breath, air cool and moist in his lungs.
Cas nods. Not offended but still obviously tired of Dean’s bullshit. It doesn’t matter. Dean hobbles off to the bathroom.
Claire nods again. “I get it, you had to do it. And I mean, it sounds good,” she says, stilted. “I mean, as far as afterlives go. Dean told me about Heaven. At least you couldn’t experience anything in the Empty. I can’t imagine going to Heaven, with all that pain on Earth, and be happy. The Empty sounds ... pretty sweet in comparison.”
,” Cas went on because he suddenly couldn’t stop. “Because I see a path with you to do real good in this world that I
“Okay, humour me,” Dean said because Cas was fighting this too much. “Say your—smiting—abilities…cut out mid-fight. Sure would be nice to exercise your Second Amendment right, huh?” Cas gave Dean a hard look. “Alright, alright,” Dean grumbled. “It’s just
“Then arrest me,” Cas dared, beyond irritated with Dean. He was four years older than him and, yes, Dean had more experience with hunting but that gave him no right to treat Castiel like a child. Dean cracked a grin, as though he’d never rejected Castiel. Cas looked over to the entrance of the abandoned hospital. “Shall we go?”
“Ah yes,” she said. “I feel him. Raphael. He’s still alive—” she let go of Donnie’s hand. “But, I better not look closer.”
The conversation abruptly lapses. What do hunters have to talk about when they no longer need to hunt?
,” Castiel said. “I’m just choosing to believe that…Heaven on Earth may not be the best outcome for the human race.”
Missouri was still crawling with soldiers. While he’d mostly managed to avoid sleeping in the Impala but there was no way they were going to get past the military and Dean couldn’t drive another hour. They also couldn’t just keep driving around. They need to settle somewhere because things were…things were going to get worse and they needed to start preparing for it. That hospital back in Kansas had made that clear to him.
“It’s loud, and I don’t have earplugs,” Dean warned Cas, leaning against his car while examining the gun and loading it.
“Okay, okay, take a load off,” Dean said, moving to drag Castiel over to the table, where he sat across from him “I’ll stay up with him, Bobby,” Dean offered. “Make sure he doesn’t choke to death on his own angelic vomit.” Bobby grumbled loudly and left the room.
They’d come to Wisconsin on reports of the Croatoan virus spiking. He and Cas had gone undercover as the CDC but there was really not much that could be done about all that. The doctors were all dealing as best they could be and, frankly, they probably had a better understanding of how to handle infections than Dean or Cas did.
“Pity, we could have used that right now,” Cas pouted. Dean rolled his eyes. Cas had stuffed tape decks of all sorts of folk music in the dashboard, hints Dean wasn’t going to pick up on. He was still the driver, and he’d tried his best to teach Cas taste but…Cas was a rebel and that’s apparently what Dean had signed up for.
Not that this would help, either. But Cas at least deserved to know what Dean was too much of a coward to say to his face. That Dean still thought—angry as he still was with Cas—that him, Sam, and Cas, were better together than apart. And that that was why, that had
“Why, you’re hardly an angel anymore, are you?” she asked, looking at him shrewdly. Cas flinched, looking back down to his mug.
But, it turned out John Winchester had been right. He’d done Dean a favour. Now, he couldn’t have known that the world was going to turn to apocalypse levels of shit, that his kids were gonna be instrumental pieces in a holy war, but it had worked out. If he hadn’t raised Dean the way he had, Dean would be long dead by this point. Still, any attempt on Dean’s part for gratitude tasted like dust. And then, in the middle of him feeling sorry for himself, Dean was pulled off the Impala and onto the ground.
The weight is reassuring, warm, certain, anchoring Dean down into this planet. Where they lie, Dean feels dizzy, like he’s looking down at the sky about to fall upwards into the clouds and stars.
“You know I want you, right?” Dean spoke up, looking over the steering wheel to the settling night outside. It was a little easier to ask than to just come out and say it. “I just don’t want this to blow up in our faces, like things always do.”
They found their way down the streets, Naomi scanning over Cas’s charts. “You found a promising convert at the motel?” she asked.
“I found a new case,” he speaks up, even knowing that it’s a lost cause and everyone will ignore him. “Demons out in Montana. People disappearing, demon signs. Sound familiar?”
Piles of riches, an eternity of peace, a way out, it’s all nothing compared to the soft give of Castiel’s mouth, the texture of his palm against Dean, and the way he holds him, cradling him, at every point they touch, like he’s something special. Like he loves him. And he does, he’s said so.
If Castiel was to be honest, and he thought perhaps it would be good for him to try, he’d simply felt the urge to see Dean again. It would have cost him perhaps as much to bring the Impala back to Sioux Falls, and certainly would have saved time but Castiel’s impulse had been to fetch Dean instead. They were in the beginnings of a holy battle, but it seemed Castiel had chosen his loyalties without even knowing.
“We didn’t think it would come to this,” Castiel argued, and it was kind of him to do so. “We had hoped.” We. “I don’t have the ability to locate souls anymore,” Cas confessed, changing the subject, and as though that was a thing Dean had ever expected him to be able to do. It was good to know, in its own way. “But the fact they’re no longer here bodes well.”
to keep things casual between him and Benny, to end things between them when they got back on solid ground. No matter how else Dean felt about it.
“Why didn’t you –” Dean started, before stopping himself. He knew why Cas didn’t want to tell Dean. Dean got that perfectly. “When did you first start ...”
After dinner, Dean and Cas reconnected and were escorted to their room for the night. Settling in, Dean caught that Cas was positively glowing, humming to himself. “You got stoned,” Dean noted. “Here.”
“It’s been a few years,” Castiel said regretfully. “But she seemed to be doing well. I don’t have much as far as it goes for family, Dean. I have hundreds of siblings, but none of them particularly care for me. Anna is probably the only exception.”
She didn’t have much to offer him as far as hospitality went, not that Castiel minded. She made them both a cup of coffee, since they both drank, and she took out some fruit from her fridge. He’d barely given her any notice that he wanted to visit, and he’d ridden all day to come here, desperate to speak to her. He was lucky that she’d agreed to meet him at all.
“And what’s next for you?” the woman asked, putting her elbows up on her desk, leaning in. She was younger than Cas had initially thought, with pretty eyes looking between him and Dean.
drunk, maybe sober he’d shrink to know what he’d done to Cas. But, for now, he was alright and he couldn’t bring himself to regret that.
“Well thanks Cas, I knew I was stabbing a needle in my leg twice a month for a reason,” Dean snickered to himself.
Dean trained his gun on her. “Don’t move,” he told her. He glanced over at Cas, who nodded an affirmative, as though Dean needed any more confirmation that she was infected.
. Dean had thrown out the Christian god as something worth believing in a long time ago, and he thought Cas had too, but he hadn’t figured Cas would try to replace him with something even weirder.
“What’s past is past,” Ellen cut him off dismissively. She raised her cup of coffee to her mouth, taking a long sip, eyes fixed on him. “What are your plans for what’s to come?”
“Like a baptism?” Dean asked, moving over to Cas’s side, gritting his teeth at the uncomfortable feeling of clothes sticking to skin.
“This is one of the last rings,” Castiel said of Pestilence’s ring. Sam was in pursuit of Death’s, though Castiel had still neglected to tell Dean of Sam’s activities.
“I don’t know what to do.” He looked up at Anna, feeling terrified. “Please…I know I don’t deserve to ask anything of you. But please…please tell me what it is that I’m supposed to do.” He needed guidance so badly. Castiel wasn’t in the habit of making choices for himself, and every choice he had ever made had led to pain, either for himself or for those he cared about.
“Forget it,” Dean insists. “I’m – I’m not running off to get myself killed on hunts anymore. Happy?” He gives Cas a practiced smile, patient and forced.
He hadn’t been able to quite reach, not from the angle he and Dean had fallen into. Dean had essentially masturbated into his own fist as Cas had, he realized, used his body to reach orgasm.
He shuts his eyes. He’s not gonna get mad at Cas again, not over things Cas can’t help. He knew Cas didn’t want him, not really.
When he heard breaths on the other line his knees nearly buckled from relief. “Who is this?” a gruff voice answered. All doubts he’d felt sublimated into the air.
There was a beat. “Listen, I’m not your boss,” Dean groused after the moment. “No one’s stopping you.”
Eventually, him and Cas had picked up hunting again, especially concerning the virus. And found themselves on the precipice of Boston. The streets were empty, and Dean knew what empty cities meant by now. Things were getting worse all over, but especially out east, like a shockwave rippling out from where his brothers had said yes.
,” Cas says, with a quiet intensity. Given permission, he reaches out and curls a hand in Dean’s hair, palm resting on the base of Dean’s skull. Dean doesn’t know whether to learn forward or fall backwards. “I
“Oh, doubtlessly,” Cas replied, almost laughing. That was just par for the course. Castiel’s honest but flippant response did not garner the desired effect.
Cas’s eyes trailed their way down Dean’s neck to his collarbone, peaking above his shirt, his anti-possession tattoo just below. Dean shifted beneath the scrutiny. “I don’t know what would happen if you banished me along with anyone else,” Cas said, planning to be there. “Where I would go. And this—this is just a precaution against…” he fell silent.
“Is it really so bad?” Adam asked after a moment, doubt clearly slithering through his mind. “For the two of us to go along with what the angels want us to do?”
Anna had an air that oscillated between self-satisfaction of being right about the household, and mysteriously nervous.
He really doesn’t know what she’s hoping to accomplish. Cas remembers warning Jack about peer pressure. Faced with Claire’s arched eyebrow and smirk, Cas never actually realized beforehand what a powerful force it was. Cas rolls his eyes, at her, at himself, and accepts her offer.
“I’m sorry, Cas…for everything,” Dean said. “I’ll send you some money, I swear, so you can graduate without worrying too much. I owe you that. But this—you and me?” He gestured between them. “It has no future. Not one where I don’t screw you over. I’m not going to drag you down with me.”
for things he had done while he was there. Bleeding out in that barn, he had actually made his peace with it. So, if he lets himself wonder, just for a moment, why he was let into Heaven in the first place – that’s his own business.
For all the people Dean has loved that are locked up in Heaven, or lost in Purgatory, or even down in Hell, there are people alive on Earth who care about Dean, who care about Cas. Who would not only wanna know, but who Dean actually wants to tell.
if they’re kind of maybe doing something now. They haven’t talked about it, even now they’re hardly talking, but Dean’s mind is lit up considering how having some time alone on the road could serve them.
“Dean,” Cas spoke. “Are you sure?” Dean shut his eyes, taking in a shaky breath. Then he slammed the trunk shut, hefting the duffel bag.
Dean was straddling that line between denial and ignorance. Still couldn’t wrap his brain around Sam saying yes, and all the questions that were built into that statement like did Sam hate Dean that much? Did Dean driving him away, make him hate him
The judgement got under Dean’s skin, though, especially after the blowout. Dean had been content enough to ignore John’s looks, just happy that the old man was back, but now there was nothing else he could think of.
Cas leans his body into Dean’s side as he also leans over the railing. He’s warm and solid at Dean’s side.
Hunting with Dean was working out remarkably well. They had been hunting together for three months now, and Castiel had begun to lose track of how many successful cases they had completed together.
“That’s not the worst thing,” Cas decided. And Dean couldn’t argue with that. Cas was pretty good at making bad decisions. Dean guessed it made sense that he could add himself to that list. But yeah, sitting together with Cas, Dean couldn’t feel a scrap of God or pre-ordained order about it at all. Too bad Dean was the only one getting anything out of it.
Dean was alone in his barely lit bedroom, flat on his mattress with his laptop perched warm and purring on his chest. He was still lethargic from lunch, eyes dozing shut listening to a live concert playlist on YouTube, when he heard, or really
“I don’t really have another choice,” Dean said firmly. “Not really. I don’t want anyone else. I want you to know that, Cas.”
“I don’t think that’s wise,” Castiel replied, fixing Dean with a look he hoped was enough to convey his disdain with the whole situation.
“Sit down one second,” Dean snapped. Cas raised an eyebrow. He’d barely stirred from his seat, but he relaxed back into it. “Eat your pancakes. Christ, everyone’s so eager to split.” Castiel noticed then, for the first time, stripped of set makeup and stage lights, how tired he looked. What a lonely figure he made.
In his peripheral he could see John smother the flames with his jacket, then he grabbed Castiel by his clothes and dragged the two of them outside where the air was free from smoke.
“Yeah,” Dean said, laughing a little bitterly. “I mean, not for nothing Cas, but it’s not like I’m spoiled for choice at the moment.” Cas nodded.
“I fit the MO,” he said. “Maybe I’m cutting it a little close, but I think I can pass as a few years older.” He ran his hand across his jaw. Hadn’t shaved in a few days, and he was sure that could help.
“You’re gonna get sunburnt,” Dean tuts, not for the first time today, and tosses his tube of sunscreen to Castiel. “And then you’re going to get cancer. And then, where’ll that leave us, Walter White?”
While Cas has enjoyed the quiet in the past, things were never silent the way they are now. Not for Castiel and certainly not around Dean, who can, when things are going well, almost always find something to talk about.
But Dean’s good at packing up, moving on. He’s done it before. That’s all he ever does. He still hasn’t told Sam about why the Empty took Cas, and doesn’t plan to, doesn’t want to deal with Sam’s teary, soulful eyes over the tragedy that is Dean Winchester.
Over the years he’s settled into some rinse-repeat pattern of these accounts, making and remaking them, usually bookended by one tragic death or another. And now, clearly, he needs to do
“Let’s go for a vacation first, maybe,” he coughs charmingly, reaching down to rough up Miracle’s collar beneath his hand, “before we open up a B&B.”
Dean still has a jacket that’s gone unwashed, wrapped up in his closet stored where Sam would never think to look, still stained with blood. He could get it dry-cleaned, or take a cloth and wipe the red, rusted brown, off flake by flake, but it wouldn’t change the meaning of the thing.
“Should we contact Sam now that we have the Colt?” Castiel spoke up, watching Dean turn the weapon around in his grasp, hands sure but careful. Dean glanced up from the gun, as though Castiel had broken through a trance. “When Lucifer approaches him—you’d be prepared.”
“Ghosts primarily,” Cas said quietly, petting Rumsfeld’s head beneath the table, marvelling at the décor of the interior of Bobby’s home. They way it was lived-in yet held no hint of domesticity. Just books, and Bobby gave Castiel the impression that he was the type of person to have read them all.
As Dean felt his skin knit up he realized just how long it had been since Cas had really touched him. Since they’d even been this close to each other. Something had changed, after Purgatory, after Dean’s prayer. When Dean took a breath, he tried to keep it from shaking in his chest.
. Not of rejection, but of the chance that he’d trespassed some boundary. Something in Dean’s chest clenched, but he held fast.
It’s always been weird for Dean to talk about love. Dean always figured it was because he was John Winchester’s son. He and Sam had gotten pretty accustomed to not talking about this stuff, not unless the sky is falling out of the sky, no matter how enlightened Sam likes to act.
It made sense, from both the perspective of Zachariah manufacturing a vision based around Dean, or as a glimpse into an actual future—Dean was part of the prophecy, and if Sam was gone, who else was there for Castiel fight alongside? “That makes sense,” Cas repeated, eyes calm and fixed on Dean, until Dean broke their gaze.
He’d planned to snoop without her watching, but he also actually needed to go number one so he took this as an opportunity to relieve himself. Inside the bathroom he fumbled around for some reading material, feeling weird. There was hardly a hint of Lisa in this house, and it’d be strange to straight up ask the realtor who the seller was since she hadn’t provided the details.
“She should be,” Nora said, smiling appreciatively over at him, though it was clear she was still stressed. “I’ll phone as soon as I get home to let you know when I can come back. Let’s see—Tom didn’t come this morning with the delivery, but he might drop by later this evening, so sign for that.” Cas nodded as she pulled on her coat and pulled her hair out of her collar. “Mrs. Young stopped by and left two dozen eggs, they’re in the fridge—you can take both if you want.
The consolation was that there weren’t infected folks anywhere but in hospitals. And in Boston in particular, Dean and Cas found that the US army had gunned its way through, leaving behind no infected, but in addition to that no one at all. Dean couldn’t pick apart the people from the Croats, and probably had that in common with the ones who’d rolled away alive. It was a goddamn massacre and Dean was right in the middle of it. Like the red at the center of a bullseye, all signs of blame pointing to him. They drove out of Boston and broke into some abandoned motel for the night. And, eventually, Dean had lit out on his own.
They stripped off his jacket, and she landed herself onto his lap, pressing near. Then she was on him, grinding herself down onto his packer, obviously having thought he was joking. “You don’t feel that small,” she told him, moaning a little, and if he wasn’t struck with such a strong wave of terror he could’ve laughed.
“Sam’s not a hunter,” Dean said, voice cutting through the painful fog building in Castiel’s mind, agitated. “You
, he did. Dean wasn’t unfaithful, not in the ways that would betray his own moral code, but it was clear that he was winding down that road, interested in seeing where it would end.
“Got myself killed,” Dean amends when he glances over at Cas. “On a hunt. I mean, that’s how I wound up in Heaven. Jack hadn’t gotten rid of the monsters by that point.”
“Me?” Dean scoffs, only half-joking, because he doesn’t know what else to say. It gets a small smile out Cas, anyway. “I love the sappy shit.”
than anything in Castiel’s existence prior. That in itself was frightening. How Dean could make him question everything he had thought for millennia to be true. And Castiel still chafed against it, now and then. But, where else could he go now? If Dean was offering him a place, Cas would be a fool not to make himself comfortable.
to thank him for the gesture, but Cas was not making it easy. Dean narrowed his eyes. “Cas,” he said. “Feel like grabbing a burger?”
“You want anything, Cas?” Dean asked, popping some toast in the toaster and sneaking around in Bobby’s fridge, lower shelf stocked. He was fixing to make some egg sandwiches.
“We have that in common,” Cas reminded him. Dean carded a hand through his hair, obviously stressed. Cas didn’t know why Dean was so angry. He was disappointed in Castiel, most likely.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Treated me more like how I wanted to be treated. But, you know. Even that kind of fucked with my head. And well, I started young, relatively, and people don’t look at guys twice as much as they look at girls. Me being trans, that’s nobody’s business. I saw girls all over America, and Cassie was the
Cas fixed a curious gaze on Dean, looking neutral but not entirely kind either. Dean tossed the blanket on the couch, feeling like an idiot holding it. “Changed your mind?” he asked lightly. Cas got to his feet slowly, keeping close eye contact with Dean as he stood to his full height, hovering in his space.
“What, aside from my failing Grace, the fact that God is a villain that needs to be vanquished, and that the world is ending yet again?” Cas asked dryly.
, hypothetically, Cas found another man, and it’s not like men had never demonstrated interest in Castiel, he wouldn’t want him. Above all, he wanted Dean to want him.
“Then, if you want to change something about what we’ve been doing, then we’ll have the time to change things,” Cas said. “We’ll find something that works for you. For us.” He was confident in them, pressing a tender kiss to the back of Dean’s neck.
“I mean, I don’t know what else I’d do,” Daphne laughed, a little sadly. “Anyway, that’s about it. Nothing too exciting.”
He loved having sex with Dean, regardless what they did, but he especially loved how vocal Dean had been just now, how utterly, unashamedly aroused he’d been. It had felt more intense than Castiel had been expecting, which he could only attribute to how enthusiastic Dean had been, how obvious it had been that Dean had enjoyed it.
Cas didn’t need Dean’s bullshit today. He just needed a friend. “Cas, buddy,” Dean said, pacing over to him. He pulled up a seat next to Cas, who turned his face away from Dean. “Talk to me,” Dean insisted. “What’s been going on with you?” Cas just blinked. “I mean you’re…you’re jumping in lakes, you’re drinking, doing drugs, and just…I don’t know, man. You telling me everything’s fine?”
There was nothing either of them could do. They may have been helping people, saving and protecting victims from supernatural aggressors, but making it obvious that they were together would put them in danger nonetheless.
By the time Dean gets down the stairs, teeth cleaned, hair combed, chutes dropped, he finds Cas sitting patiently in the passenger’s seat of the Impala.
Castiel relented. She was right, always the strategist, an unavoidable element and a scuffle outside would no doubt alert the other angels to their presence. She had already tainted their operation by being here, and she would not leave. “Alright,” he said. Anna nodded.
open to the message and interested in speaking to Castiel again. Cas let thoughts of conversion burn in the back of his mind even as they knocked on other doors that day.
“So, if demons exist…does that mean?” she asked. “Angels?” Dean glanced over at Cas, not sure how to tackle that one.
’, and Dean’s got to face it at some point – every woman Dean had ever thrown in Cas’s direction had had her time wasted. Worse still, that’s probably a small reason why Dean did it anyhow.
“I know,” Cas said softly. Then, “I have medication if you want…from the hospital.” Dean raised an eyebrow.
“I thought I already had,” Cas mused, feeling a rush of vindication at the little twitch of Dean’s lips. But Dean’s laughter was quickly smothered by a more solemn expression.
Just then, Cas’s ears picked up on a soft growl and he tensed. A rottweiler came out of the corner of Bobby’s house, barking, teeth bared.
“We would have the ceremony next month,” Naomi spoke up carefully. “That’s when Michael returns. Daphne doesn’t have much family, but that would give us enough time to organize the wedding.”
She raises her thick eyebrows and takes, what Castiel now realizes is a rolled-up joint and presses it to her lips to light it. This is her answer, evidently.
All in all, the day is full to bursting, and Cas can barely think long enough to reflect on how wonderful it is, like the overwhelming taste of a juicy blackberry, ripe but still strikingly tangy among the sweetness.
Cas eased Dean backwards onto the bed, onto his back. Dean always looked wonderful in bed—relaxed and carefree. Cas firmly pressed Dean into the sheets, hovering over him, learning on the go. This is what had been missing all those years. Dean in his arms, hand on his hips, everything sliding into place, becoming justified. This was not what Castiel was meant to do, but it meant everything to him.
“I always had one job. Keep my baby brother safe. Then I got a new job—say yes,” Dean said, voice shaking with misery. “Easy, right? One word. How the hell did I manage to screw
It wasn’t the perfect comparison, but Castiel remembered how he was treated when he was a part of Heaven. People would see him and his partner, well-dressed, in suits or other formal dress, bible tucked under one armpit, and be unnecessarily cruel or cold. Violent, sometimes.
“Yeah, night Cas,” he agreed, fondness round and warm in his voice, as he made his way through to the other room. He called out behind him, “Don’t give him alcohol poisoning, Bobby.”
After a moment, Dean rolled over, avoiding the mess they’d made, and Cas followed him, close to the edge of the bed, and very close to Dean.
Suddenly he balked, uncertain if it was a dick move to ask Cas something so personal, something probably so painful, just to satisfy his sudden curiosity.
Outside, the summer night was kind. The breeze was warm though the night had cooled, and the moon was almost full above their heads. There was barely anyone in the parking lot and the music inside had muffled to a pounding thrum. He led her to the Impala and her eyes passed over it with an appreciative look.
“Sam is an—addict,” Castiel explained, though ‘abomination’ had been on the tip of his tongue. “Able to harness the power of demon blood. It’s a component of his being Lucifer’s vessel. Given how corrupt and powerful Lucifer is, his vessel must be sustained through external means as it can’t draw upon Heaven’s power the way…the way Michael’s vessels are able to.”
To be gay and a member of a Christian fundamentalist cult, the kind of organization most other cults could cringe at with disdain, had been silently terrifying. The fear had lived in Cas’s bones, in his feelings of wrongness and otherness. His position in his family, his entire life, was contingent on lying. His fear had made a liar of him. It had made a coward of him. And he’d been
“Angel blade,” Castiel replied. That would do it. It wasn’t like Grace would have been useful against a spider anyhow. Dean nodded.
It’s a nice day, outside. Since the bunker is located a decent way out of town, the air is clean, and even the sound around them is rarely punctuated by the roars of distant vehicles. Mostly, Cas can hear the birds, Miracle’s panting, and the noise of shoes and paws squeaking and clacking on the paved road beneath them. Dean and Cas remain mostly silent as they walk, only their clothes rustling.
. Even if it’s got nothing to do with the Colt.” His nostrils flared, determined. “I want back in.” Castiel knew, from his conduct today, that Sam was not entirely the black-or-white abomination Castiel had thought him to be. He was…a good man. Perhaps there was hope.
“I think,” Cas started. “I think he may be susceptible.” Which was a lie. Johnny was one of the most irreverent people Castiel had ever attempted to convert.
. I didn’t ask for any of this,” he went on, becoming more agitated as he went. “I didn’t ask for the—for the fate of the planet to be put on my shoulders.”
He understands why Cas feels the way he does, though he barely believes it’s real. All this time, Dean thought Cas couldn’t love him, couldn’t want him, and Cas had just been holding back on his behalf. They’d never had the time, they never could risk it. But now?
“So does yours,” she replied. Dean nearly joked that he’d picked it out himself but he didn’t know her well enough to judge if that was the best way to broach the topic. Just then, a passing waitstaff shoved her into Dean and she moved her hand onto his arm to steady herself so, grateful for the distraction, he managed to keep it to himself.
“Knowing that there is . . . supernatural evil out there, and that it’s in my power to help,” Cas said, deliberating that he would, at least, see this through for perhaps half an hour before begging off with some excuse. “I couldn’t turn away and forget about it.”
“I know, Dean,” Cas murmured. “Or ... I’d hoped.” He closed his eyes, settling next to Dean. He added, “I know gay men make you uncomfortable.” Jesus.
“If your father ever makes you feel lesser,” Cas went on, solemn as a soldier, voice low and firm. “Just remember that I care for you so obviously that he couldn’t ignore it. You’re
“How do you know?” Cas asked, not wanting to break the law over nothing. It didn’t even say the year its occupant died.
Dean suddenly drummed up his courage and exited the car. He walked up the steps to her door, hands at his side, keys in his pocket, ready to run but open to staying. They spoke for awhile and Castiel tuned it out. They argued, she begged, they kissed. And Castiel left too, not knowing what else to do but knowing better than to watch them.
Sex has its own pros and cons, organic and unpredictable, most women unsure about what to do with guys like him. Even the cons can be exciting. But relationships –
Cas nods slowly. “I understand,” he says, sighing, like he’s answering a parallel conversation they’re having. He probably is. Dean’s not sure if whatever’s whistling tight in his chest is relief or despair.
“And transsexual. Also, probably kind of a lesbian.” Charlie cleared her throat, nervous. “I get the feeling that wouldn’t really mesh with your guys’ community. I probably saved you some time.”
He’d had some desperation about him, a sense of incorrectness that predated his language for it, and then the edgy, channeled anger that grew in him when he grew older. He liked to run with the boys, and had spent some of his best time in a boy’s home growing up but, even when they thought Dean was a girl they could recognize something off about him that girls couldn’t. Or, maybe girls could recognize something else about Dean that guys couldn’t. Didn’t matter. Dean had never fit.
Cas looked Dean over appraisingly, who seemed to stir awkwardly under the attention. And he wasn’t. “No, somehow I didn’t get the sense you were a child of God,” Cas said. Dean snickered. He liked it when Castiel was sarcastic.
Dean sat on the bath’s rim for awhile, letting the water wash over Cas, partly to wake him up but also partly to satisfy the part of Dean that was
“You know, laughing at me isn’t really helping the situation, Ann Marie,” he joked, gesturing a little crudely at his crotch, but he was grinning, feeling a little relieved at her relief. But steadily, with a sinking sort of sadness, he recognized their situation. How he was worried that she’d turn him down, maybe be an asshole about it, and how she was worried that he might kill her. It had been a long while since he’d been on the receiving end of that feeling, he’d almost forgotten it.
“Dean, what are you talking about?” Cas muttered, suddenly irritated. Did Dean even know how much he meant to Castiel?
Dean’s eyes are unreadable as they stare at Cas, then flicker away again. His avoidant behaviour reminds Cas of how humans look at the sun. Cas can appreciate the sun in a new way now, how different and no less brilliant it is without Cas seeing the logos behind it. But, it is also painful to behold – you must steal glances to admire the sun. It hurts, and at the same time, you want to look, even if it burns out your vision. Like the tale of Galileo, who could resist the sun, who could resist that story?
But he caught a look on Cas’s face, a little smirk. Fucker had actually made a joke. On purpose. That somehow made it even better. “Yeah, and you’re Little Orphan Annie,” Dean agreed, still laughing. “Single dad
Dean’s voice cut off as Castiel transported himself ninety miles east to Windom, Minnesota. The chatter had become too insistent. Adam Milligan. Castiel knew little about Adam other than he was in the Winchester bloodline and that concerned him. If the angels were having dealings with him, that meant nothing good. They hadn’t asked for Castiel, despite Castiel’s previous experience with remaking vessels for revived souls. They did not trust him. It meant that this, whatever this was, did not bode well for the Winchesters.
Surprisingly, as tiring as talking to Sam has been it’s still been much easier than Dean had ever thought. Sure, it’s not like they
“Well, alright, Cas,” he said, eyeing Castiel’s nametag. Castiel shifted…he didn’t like it when customers read off his name. “I’d like to put twenty-five dollars in my tank.” Cas nodded, glancing out the window to spot the ink-black car outside at pump #3. He started moving over to the till. “Hang on, I’d like to shop around first, if that’s okay?”
“So, want to tell me why you’ve come?” she asked, setting out the coffee for them on a tray she placed on the table between the three of them.
Dean knew that Jimmy had made his choice, just like Cas was making his. But, but if this was going to end with Dean’s neck breaking on pavement, and it was all for nothing, then sure—Cas had failed Jimmy and it was all in vain. But that wasn’t Cas’s fault, it was just a matter of backing a losing horse.
Dean is putzing around in the kitchen, planning for dinner so that he can do something with his hands, but it’s a distracted preparation. For one, he’s midway through setting up the glass dish for the lasagna he’s planning to make before he realizes that they’re out of milk. Sam, oscillating between vegetarianism and veganism, never bothers to buy new jugs on the off-chance that Dean might turn over a new leaf. Fat chance.
Mary failed to smother a cough in her palm. Dean could feel her eyes darting around, on Cas, on John, on him. Dean reached for his beer, and watched Sam do the same in his peripheral. Dean didn’t take a drink.
He’s furious, Dean can see it in the line of his body, his lightning rod posture. Dean’s just so relieved that he’s almost shuddering with it. He’s not alone anymore. Cas has come back. His hand is warm on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean feels the same way. He’s been gone for Cas ever since Cas broke his heart all those years ago, allying with Crowley, unleashing the Leviathan. There’s probably a part of Dean that’s loved Cas ever since Cas put a hand on him in Hell.
If Castiel was a coward, he could say that that’s where it began. It was easy, in a sense, to credit Dean with how Castiel felt. To blame him, almost. Dean’s doubts replicated and sublimated into Castiel. Dean’s easy affection. Dean’s righteousness. Their relationship was significant, but Castiel’s choices weren’t Dean’s fault, it was just that thanks to him Castiel understood the world better. He could see now why Anna had fallen.
become acquainted with his bedroom floor. Partially, Cas’s lack of reaction had been a relief, and the flipside had set Dean’s anxious brain on fire.
Cas, who’s been watching Dean quietly, agrees. “You have an enormous capacity for love.” His voice is all tensed up with some unshed emotion. “More than anyone I’ve ever known. I always knew you cared, as difficult as it is to talk about.” The smile he gives Dean then is so careful and gentle, Dean feels warmth settle in on him again. “Your love is often all that’s kept me going, for so much of my life.”
“Six fifty-eight, uh—” Cas realized he hadn’t charged Dean for gas. “Thirty-one seventy.” Dean took out a few twenty-dollar bills, handing them over to Cas. “Here’s your change,” Cas said, feeling his fingers brush against Dean’s palm as he gave Dean his coins. “Would you like your receipt?”
He’d apologize to Cas again, properly, if he didn’t feel too damn ashamed to broach the topic. Cas seemed fine to let things lie and Dean, well, Dean kind of needed that right now. It had been kind of a kick in the teeth, to see Cas choose Earth over Heaven. What with the rest of the angels gone too, Dean knew it was time to choose Earth over feeling sorry for himself.
They both got comfortable, Dean kicking up his legs onto the mattress and Cas slowly shrugging out of his coat, like it hurt to move. He’d still been avoiding sleep, despite Dean getting them a twin room, so it was no wonder he’d gotten sick. Dean could see Cas had a sheen of sweat, and his movements were stilted as he buried himself beneath the blankets on the bed, sighing miserably to himself. Cas’d probably never felt like this before. But it was okay. He had a coach in his corner.
He shucked off his jacket onto the chair he then sat in. There was only one bed in this motel room, after all.
“Sam was wondering what you wanted for dinner, he wants to order food from a new Greek restaurant,” Cas explains, still hovering at the door, then his eyes narrow curiously at the way Dean’s clutching at his phone. “What are you doing?”
mine.” That had all been a mistake. Cas had a point about connecting the dots he had—Dean wearing sexy underwear was probably not what Cas had had in mind and how Rhonda had willingly gotten Dean into a pair of pink panties was a miracle that was not bound to be repeated. Cas smiled.
“And we will,” Dean said, clearing his throat. “But…we gotta think about what’ll happen in the meantime. You don’t have to just…do
“Is it because you’re younger and hotter?” the boy asked, smirking to himself and trailing his eyes up Anna’s body, even giving Castiel a glance.
Cas understands, more or less, that Dean values Castiel’s friendship, but Castiel is just a friend. A tentative one at that. The brothers don’t need Castiel anymore and Dean and Sam are going to go on to build new lives now. Castiel is the one in love with Dean, the converse is not true, and while they are friends Dean likely does not feel the same aching compulsion as Castiel does, to preserve their relationship. To live under the same roof. To parent the same children, drink the same scotch, Cas is pathetic and with his secret evidently out in the open, it is only a matter of time until Dean urges him onwards. For Castiel’s benefit, if not Dean’s.
“Still I wouldn’t mind if Bobby had an ex-angel in his corner,” he said. It would almost be nice if Anna could come down to Missouri with him, if that’s where Lanette was headed. “You could…Cas could go to Bobby’s.” He kind of missed her, though he still wasn’t confident he could trust her. Anna smiled a little.
Suddenly, the bed next to Dean sinks a little, and he startles, eyes going wide to try to spot the invader, hand itching for a gun he suddenly can’t find.
“What?” Dean asked. He hadn’t realized she’d been paying that close attention. “God. No. I—” Which wasn’t entirely true.
“C’mon,” he sweet-talked, keeping his voice low and comforting. “There’s this great place nearby.” They hadn’t had the opportunity last time he’d come to town. Castiel nodded, and he just looked at Dean with his big blues. There wasn’t much Dean could read off of Cas; on one hand guy was like an open book, but on the other it was written in a language Dean’d never even heard of.
“Cas,” Dean said, because they’d driven this far and they weren’t going to drive an additional three thousand miles if they could help it. Missouri was already halfway out the door and Dean couldn’t ask her for more than just this day. “You gotta try, man.” Cas frowned, nodded.
Dude might drink coffee, but he’s still an angel and doesn’t necessarily need to – Dean just figures it’s nice to ask and Cas usually seems to appreciate when he does. Dean knocks idly on the stair rail and half-waves to Cas on his way.
Dean thumbed through the magazine Cas had picked up. It was one of those ‘Queen Elizabeth Gives Birth to Alien Triplets’ type of deals. “Let’s check the news,” Dean tutted skeptically, looking over the magazine, then up at Cas, raising his brow. “Did you know Jennifer Aniston is actually a lizard person?”
Dean considered. “No, not really,” he admitted, deflating. He laughed shortly, breathlessly. “I just guess if I knew he wasn’t gonna pitch a fit I’d have told him sooner.”
“He needed me to get you back. Plus, I didn’t want him to,” Dean interrupts. “I figured, heh – uh, figured it was my time.” Dean’s expression flips between humour and tragedy, mouth wobbling between smiling and weeping.
And he had never quite stopped watching. The stars, but then of course, helplessly, the planets. Of all the worlds that had risen and fallen, Earth had been the one left standing. Earth, which could at a glance seem so unremarkable, but then, Castiel had always been poor at predicting what would become important to him.
Cas to find somebody else, perhaps not because he really wanted Castiel to sleep with them, or leave him, but because he felt guilty that Castiel was only sleeping with him and only ever had intentions to stay.
Jack pumped Cas up with plenty of good mojo, but these things still take time. Maybe it’s because Dean’s older, maybe it’s because Cas is, but Dean can’t say he completely minds it. Not when Cas touches him this gently, with this much care. As twisted as Dean’s wires get, he’s always appreciated this.
“I’ve been a real asshole,” Dean muttered and Cas, again, didn’t say anything. “It’s not like it has anything to do with me, right?” He looked over at the laptop screen, where his own haggard reflection was glinting back at him. “None of my business,” he muttered to himself.
“Skip it, Cas,” Dean said, shutting the lecture down. He’d never been the booksmart brother. Yeah, he was handier than Sam and had rigged up a few things in the past, but Cas was gonna be talking about some quantum physics shit. There were just some things humans couldn’t wrap their brains around. “Give me the cliff notes.” Cas made a face, like he was offended, but he relaxed and tried again.
“Claire probably would wanna know, too,” Dean suggests, scrubbing the fur on Miracle’s panting head with his palm.
Cas’s dirty look was bloodshot but he gave in. Taking pity, Dean decided he’d keep the volume down and let Cas sleep off the previous night in the passenger’s seat when they left Nebraska. But first he had to see a girl about a vessel.
“If you don’t know that there’s a God, how could you say that you were built for anything?” Dean asked. Cas squinted ahead.
“He thinks he’s putting me in danger,” Cas agreed sourly, though he felt relieved that Sam trusted him. “Perhaps he is,” Cas allowed. “I don’t much mind.” Sam was quiet for a moment.
were gonna skip town,” Ellen shot back. At second glance, she looked just as tired and grouchy as he felt, hair swept up in a messy bun. Dean squinted. “We’ve got a lot to talk about before you do.” He nodded, getting to his feet. He loped his way to the bathroom with a change of clothes, holding his blanket around his waist.
He’s been thinking about her a lot in his recovery. About her and Jack, both. He hopes they’re both alright, and at least his conversations with Claire aren’t one-sided. He’s been considering seeing her for the past few days, and given how tense things have gotten here, Cas feels the itch to leave intensify.
Dean sighed heavily, regretfully. “Don’t really want Bobby to walk in on a cuddlefest in the morning.” Cas didn’t have the heart to tell Dean that Bobby probably already knew about them.
what he’d be doing at age twenty-eight, he would have thought he’d have a wife, a doctorate, perhaps a family of his own. He had none of those things.
Dean smirked. “Yeah, I guess I could pass through Idaho on my way back.” He looked awkwardly at Cas. “I guess I’ll…get on that, then.” Castiel really didn’t want him to leave but he couldn’t ask Dean to stay either. Castiel didn’t have anything to do in the hours between now and closing other than tending to the store. He’d intended to read and he was sure Dean didn’t want to stick around for that. Cas nodded reluctantly as Dean moved to go.
“Yeah,” he said, with an almost self-deprecating sense of shyness. He had become so gentle, seeing his mother again, for however brief it had been, for however shadowed by violence. Statically speaking, Castiel understood perhaps a third of what Dean said with absolute confidence, thanks to Dean’s colourful sense of language and his unwillingness to speak plainly to Castiel. But, Castiel understood Dean in the broad strokes, and perhaps that was enough.
“You still know all about the universe but not street signs,” Balthazar said, amused, guiding Castiel by the shoulder and taking his coat. “We can fix that, but I’m tempted to leave it broken.” It wasn’t that Castiel was too uneducated to drive, he’d simply never had the…it didn’t matter. Castiel smiled politely and nodded.
“I mean, I ...” Dean cleared his throat. He could tell her. “I’ve been with guys in the past. It’s just. It’s never been serious.” He had never taken it seriously.
As the afternoon edges into evening, they settle into the beach and watch as the sun slowly sinks lower in the sky.
“Hey, we can do other things,” Dean insisted, feeling relieved. He added, because he didn’t want her to think about giving him a handjob or anything,
If Heaven became empty outside of the power of souls, then it was quite likely that Castiel would increasingly lose access to power, and his abilities altogether, over time. Perhaps even his Grace, though the thought was almost painful to consider.
And he suddenly realized now would’ve been the opportunity to lean in, bat his eyelashes, find some common ground with Jo after all the years they’d danced around each other, after all they’d lost. But there’d been no mention of Jo and Ellen in 2014, and Bobby had been long dead. In the future he’d seen, there had only been Cas. And Chuck. Dean had pulled away from Sam out of fear of losing him, what did that mean for everyone else?
“I think I do,” Cas said. “Or I did. I don’t have a soul Dean. A human without a soul lacks a conscience, empathy. And I’ve seen my brothers and sisters, righteous as they were, commit heinous actions. I fear angels are,
exactly Dean had no clue. “I’ll be fine.” He inevitably stumbled and Dean caught him beneath the arm, sweaty and a little shaky.
“Pissing him off is a bonus,” Dean grinned, raising his eyebrows. Cas rolled his eyes a little, a small smirk playing on his lips.
“What? You don’t remember me?” the demon grins, smile unnaturally wide. She tilts her head to the side, dark hair pooling around one shoulder, and pouts with cracked lips. “You
He wants to remind Cas that he’s a mess. That he’s probably all hopped up on dopamine and good sex and love confessions, but that he’s bound to relapse into being an asshole at any moment.
“What? No!” Cas barked, then winced at his own voice. He ran his hands through his mussed hair. “Her friend…” he dragged his hands across his face, shutting his eyes. “I can’t remember her name. I am…hungover. It’ll come to me.” He seemed vaguely guilty about that; Dean just grinned, impressed that Cas had gotten laid all by himself and relieved that that weird night back in Texas was behind them.
Cas had been an asshole when he’d first met Dean, smirking and swaggering around like his metaphysical dick was too big for his slacks. But yeah…there had been something about Cas, something that had gotten Cas invested in Dean way before Dean had even started to consider him anything but a bureaucrat for the world’s most disappointing organization.
She frowned. “I’m not…saying that I believe you. But…you clearly know more than me.” She was looking at him for answers.
The mother rambles tearfully, says something about their daughter, and points her arm towards the dimly lit staircase at the end of the hallway, fear and pain bright in her eyes.
If Cas wanted, he could do anything to Dean, and at this point, with the embers of arousal burning a hole in Dean’s gut for the quiet grunts and suppressed moans Cas is making, Dean would let him. So, it says something that Cas wants this, wants whatever Dean will give him, and Dean is going to give him his best.
“I’ve noticed,” Castiel murmured, opening his eyes just a crack to look at Dean. Dean could put money down that Cas was starting to sound a little sweet on him. Dean thought Cas had gotten over that, given that Cas had finally started having sex. Dean had expected the novelty had worn off.
Dean kind of understood what Cas’d been going through when he’d been hunting God. That’s what it was like trying to find Gabriel or Raphael. Raphael was up in Heaven, but trying to find Gabriel in the world was about as effective as finding a rich man in a haystack. Dean was getting more nightmares lately. Sometimes he’d dream about Hell. But in all honesty, the dreams where Michael would taunt Dean were just as shit.
“I would like that,” Cas confesses quietly, not looking at Dean. He holds the emotion in his voice like it’s something fragile.
“You were right about one thing,” Dean said, reaching across to pinch the cloth of Cas’s sleeve as Cas looked away from him. “We’re real.”
say!” Dean cried out. “Cas, there’s so much out there you gotta know about!” He was close to Cas now, energetic. “You gotta put down the books, let me show you the ropes.”
Dean got to his feet, putting himself between the two of them in the conversation. John didn’t know angels so he didn’t know that Cas could smoke him if pressed, not that Cas would – probably.
“Okay, well, you’re a damn sight more loyal. When I need someone in my corner, you’ve been in it and I can’t—” Dean started, and couldn’t finish. “If you think I need Sam 2.0 you’re wrong—alright? I’ve been looking out for my brother since the moment he was born, and all he did was throw that back in my face. So,
How the hell’d we make it out of there? Those guys were all over the place!” Dean wouldn’t feel safe until they were out of the state, but this was definitely a start.
Dean doubts Sam actually knows what Cas really means when he says he loves Dean. Sam prides himself on being observant, in touch with his feelings, but honestly Dean’s baby brother can get pretty far up his own ass about things. But then – Dean’s no expert on Cas’s feelings either.
He was lying flat, beyond the fact that the mother of invention had Dean’s reaching an impatient hand up to his mouth. Dean spat thick saliva into his palm and reached down again.
“Yeah, Dad?” he asked, keeping his tone light and steady, even while he folded his grease-smeared arms against his chest and considered the best way to get around John and out of the room if things came to that.
Cas turned to look at him. Dean’s shoulders were hunched over, suddenly stiff, like he was holding a strong emotion in his body threatening to break free. Carefully, Cas sat up as well.
His alarm wakes him and in that mid-moment between dream and consciousness, he forces himself to let go of his gun so that he can fumble with his phone.
“Well,” Naomi said decisively, her step suddenly switching into a more confident, if hurried, gait. “Let’s pay him a visit, then.”
For all Dean’s bluster about ‘talking about feelings’ being something not worth doing, he pushed for it often when he thought Castiel was troubled. Cas could never ask for the same from Dean; when Dean was upset he’d bottle up his troubles, send them out to sea, drinking, or carry them until Cas wrestled them from his grip through wilful passive aggression or sex, even.
It didn’t matter. Unwilling and unable to force faith into himself, Dean had had to learn to mourn loss in that empty way of atheists. Loss with no promise of justice, of reuniting someday. Dean could envy religious folks for their ability to believe the sweetest lies. Dean had never been luckier to be proven wrong.
“I mean, we don’t know that yet,” Dean says, referring to the fact that a fellow hunter, Garth, and his wife had suddenly and unexpectedly been relieved from their lycanthropy. “But, that would be ...” he nods. “Yeah.”
As it transpired, Castiel had a strong constitution, matching Bobby glass for glass out of sheer will. Dean however, lagged behind.
Cas, taking advantage of the fact that he was still intoxicated and thus allowed to feel vulnerable, complained, “I miss you, Dean.”
In the same boat, Cas also looks surprised. But he smiles, at last looking up from his book. “Thank you, Sam,” he says, expression warmed over with quiet disbelief, blue eyes going dewy in a way that makes Dean’s throat clench up. “That’s very kind of you to say.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas said, eyes brimming with emotion, like he had to apologize for being human. Honestly, Cas wouldn’t look at it like that, but it was still kind of insulting almost. Dean let out a sigh.
“It’s fine, Cas,” he said, feeling slightly relieved, throwing an arm around Cas’s shoulder and pulling his body against his own in a casual hug. “Consider it forgotten.” Things were hard, and Cas was drunk, and they’d both let so much slide for each other by this point that Dean knew he couldn’t give Cas hell for something as small as this.
“Cas, no,” Dean mumbled, pulling his hand away almost reflexively. Castiel glared at him. There was very little Castiel could do for Dean, especially now, especially after what they had lost, but
“You would have to pay for it,” Cas pointed out, stealing another fry and a generous scoop of Dean’s ketchup.
“So, how long have you two been together?” she asked. Before Dean could intervene, Cas let out a huff of air.
“You’re not – you’re never safe, but it’s different. People will talk shit about people like you, thinking you’re not one, and you either gotta pick a fight or swallow it. So – the fact that you look, well, you’re . . .” he looked at Cas consideringly. “Okay, people don’t
“Well,” he said after a moment. “I can come back.” Cas’s chest suddenly felt both tighter and lighter, somehow.
“Hello Dean,” he said, glancing between Dean and the woman, still uncertain how he should react, if at all.
