“But I thought you said I was your first Sub?”
“Because he is not ready!” Mycroft snapped at him, slamming down his cup. Before Sherlock could respond, his brother stood up, looming over him as he leaned on his umbrella. “You will devour him because he still wants to be devoured, little brother. I will not let you near him until one of you are capable of a true healthy relationship. Obviously, it is not going to be you, it will never be you,” Mycroft shook his head, looking down at the floor. “Five years Sherlock, five years and John will be nineteen years old-“
“The Southsea Skate Park in Portsmouth, Sir. It appears he’s using Timothy Marcus, homeless for six years, to drop off the letter, skateboard, mobile, and shoes at the beach. Shall I intercept?”
Sherlock bound up the stairs at lightning speed, threw open the door and leapt onto the bed where his prize awaited him. As he threw away the covers, seeing that yes, John was still semi hard, the detective began kissing fiercely down the planes of the golden chest. “Sherlock,” the boy moaned, finally getting what he’d been craving from his lover. “Your brother is kind of scary,” John laughed, looking down at him with big blue eyes.
“I promise. Unless you tell me to play Cluedo with you again, ‘cause there is no way in hell am I going through that again,” John laughed; his John, the boy who laughed in the face of danger, the boy who lay upon and joked with the wolf below him, his John the soldier and the healer.
“You,” Sherlock whispered. “If you kill me you’ll be stuck in this room until you starve to death. You can’t break these chains, and I’m the only one with a key.” Sherlock paused, then with a smile on his face he continued. “Plus, I think we both know you won’t kill me. You haven’t killed anyone for a very long time, have you vampire?”
“Lestrade, I need you to come to my place, now,” Sherlock told him, looking at the vial of thick blood and twirling it around in his hand.
After a moments though, and a long glance at his lover on the floor, Greg kept his gun aimed at John but made his way over to Sherlock. “What did you hope to gain from this?” the human growled. Greg ran his fingers slowly over Sherlock’s skin, touching the twine and adjusting it around the vampire’s bicep.
Sherlock leaned forward, pulling the mic closer. “Subs with RDD are not criminals by choice. They are forced into theft and violence in order to survive after their diagnosis. So no, we did not fear our Sub because there was nothing to fear.”
A warm feeling blossomed in his belly, hoping it was Sherlock. He pulled out his cell, excited to see ‘Sherlock’ displayed informing him he had a new text.
Taking a deep breath, Greg made his decision and prayed to whatever God was out there that it worked. “It’s about bloody time you lot got here! What,” Greg said as he stood up and turned around to face five hunters and a League board member, “you get lost or som’phin, Magnusson?”
“It’s alright, John. It’s alright, just stay down a little bit longer for me,” his Dom told him. Sherlock stroked over his ears, cheeks, and hair, until the only thing keeping John up was his head on the man’s thigh.
“It has to,” John said, rousing Sherlock by shaking his shoulder slightly. The young vampire rose slowly from sleep, his body using all its energy to strengthen his new body and learn to convert blood into a life source. “We’re going to have to put the sheet on one more time, Sherlock. I’ll be with you the whole time, you don’t have to worry.”
“I know you are, Sherlock, I know. I’m so, so sorry I did this to you,” John said, digging his hand into Sherlock’s curls and rubbing his scalp slowly. The older vampire turned to Mycroft as he distracted Sherlock from the human in the room. “I need as many bags of blood as you can get. If we are going to take him out of the city, we’ll need to distract him. Plus, he needs the sustenance now that I’m here and his body can fully process the blood.”
John thought he would die from embarrassment alone as he sat half naked on a bathroom floor with his Dom pulling his pants off with a gentleness one would show a child. Sherlock finally worked John’s pants and trousers off, then went to work on his shirt.
“John, please, let me explain. Calm down and let’s talk this over like adults, yeah,” Sherlock stood up slowly, attempting to play the ‘youth’ card that had worked so well on his boy before. This time though, his effort was met with John turning his back on him and running as fast as he could upstairs.
“Do you think the seeds will really grow if we plant them?” Molly asked, tilting her head up to look at the man. My God, John had never seen a brighter smile on the little girl’s face before. W
Sherlock sat on their bed, gazing over John’s limp body with a slight frown on his face. He didn’t understand why the boy had become so hostile all of the sudden and even went as far to say he didn’t belong at Baker Street. At that moment, Sherlock had realized how much he actually loved John. Anybody who could cause his heart to ache just from an angry look and a few harsh words was very special indeed. He stroked a hand through the youth’s blonde hair as he injected a small dose of the same sedative he had given him the other morning. However, this would only keep him asleep for two hours, providing enough time to put on the plaster gauze and let it harden. Sherlock had always kept gypsum powder and impregnated bandages near his experiments, just in case he needed to make a cast molding of evidence. Now, he could use it to make a molding to hold his John together.
“I put a sedative in your milk, shh shh, it’s okay,” he whispered, rushing over to the boy when his legs finally turned to noodles and could no longer support him. John felt the ground leave him and warm hands supporting his back like iron trestles as he was carried up the stairs back to the bedroom.
“You are very welcome. Sleep well John,” the boy hung up and Sherlock added, “my John,” while he began wiping off his come with the black briefs his John had given him.
“Please let me go,” John asked before he could even stop himself. Sherlock looked down at him, a wide smile now stretching over his features and John could practically see the light bulb illuminate above his head.
This chapter does not have any explicit scenes, however, it is very unsettling psychologically.
John made up his mind by the time they arrived to the flat that he wouldn’t call Greg. One, it wasn’t the man’s business anymore, and two, he would try and take John away again. John would be alone, Sherlock would be alone, and God only knows what would happen to Archie. Plus, even if he did reach out to Greg, who’s to say it would even work, and then he would be really screwed and possibly have more blood on his hands if Mycroft decided to kill the man for trying to help.
“Aren’t I Sherlock’s Sub too?” John heard himself ask.
“Is that the new collar? Does it work?”
Tears started to well up in John’s eyes. Hopelessness took over until he felt the tracker in his pocket. If he called his Doms now, then they could take Harry, Mike, and Jim to a safe place. It could get rough though, John thought, knowing how angry the Subs were just at the thought of being taken in. No, he wouldn’t give away his friends, even if it was the best thing for them. He loved them and couldn’t betray there trust like that. If he tried again another day maybe, or had more time to prepare a speech, maybe he could convince them.
The boy tossed and turned, trying to get his leg comfortable and hoping Sherlock would bring some painkillers with him when he brought the food. He rolled over, accidentally bumping his head on the night stand with a soft grunt. That’s when he saw his mobile phone sitting there, waiting for him. As if on cue, he heard a knock on the front door downstairs.
“You heard me,” Mycroft told him. “Now, pull down your trousers and pants and bend over Sherlock’s knee.”
“No, I don’t care about age, Sherlock. I just…I just don’t like that you lied to me, how-how do I know you’re not lying about everything else?” John hung tight to the man’s hand but lowered his head, his heart about to break if Sherlock didn’t confirm and reciprocate his love.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said, his voice serious as Sherlock stepped out of the car and poked his head back in, “I’m trusting you, don’t make me regret it. John might be nineteen now but he’s still just an innocent boy at heart, don’t ruin him.”
I had honestly forgotten about these until now. For some reason at midnight, lying in bed. I logged on and saw comments that were new.
“’Kay,” John nodded, the lead not feeling as bad as it did before.
“No! No way, Sherlock,” John tried to scoot back, but ended up completely on Mycroft’s lap, which was even more awkward than being on Sherlock’s.
Hello again,
Now though, after John had shot Moriarty and cast the darkness farther down than it had ever been, Sherlock dedicated an entire floor to his boy. The little objects representing facts and recollections of everything that was John spread throughout the dining hall, the grand entrance and a dozen other rooms, which would soon be filled when they were together again. His mind palace was full of chandeliers, candelabras, huge glass windows with billowing burgundy drapes, and stained glass bringing light where there was none.
“John, I understand you’re fresh off the collar,” she said, reaching out to caress his face. John leaned back, instinctively avoiding her touch. “You’ll soon realize how the Holmes men altered your mind. You want to believe they are the good guys and we are the bad guys, because that’s what they’ve ingrained in your brain.”
Instead of acting more experienced than John, which he realized somewhat intimidated the boy, he would act just as nervous, causing the roles to change and his sweet boy would take the role of comforter. “I understand John, it’s okay to be nervous in new situations. Quite honestly, I’m a bit shaken too,” Sherlock lowered his intense glare, dropping his hand away from John’s chin and waiting for the response he knew would come.
“There is no way Doms are going to allow their Subs to learn how to create their own bliss; nor will employers start hiring Subs for important jobs such as firefighting. It just won’t happen,” Greg said, “and like Mycroft said, you will only do more harm than good by bringing these findings to light.”
The teenager gave a sigh of relief when he read that a college kid thought his clothing choice was cool. He was about to through the trousers on to see if they had any in the color Sherlock specified, when another text arrived.
When Sherlock walked down the stairs into the living room, John had already turned on the laptop and was in the kitchen, still only wearing a pair of blue pants he’d bought him. It was amazing how much the teenager had changed, how much he let Sherlock change him, to be more precise. It was easy, too easy, and this too drove the detective when he sat down at the computer and prepared his heart and mind for what he had to do to protect John.
There was a giant gash on the top, oozing blood, and John knew he would need some of his supplies to stitch up the wound.
Now, all Sherlock had to do was worry about his meddling brother. He could handle that, easy. All he needed was John to bite him again, just one more time, that’s all.
The man laughed along with John’s bashfulness, “thanks, I try,” he said, adding in a hint of humor to once again lighten the mood. “You know, I’m that big right now. Are you…are you hard too?” He laced his voice with uncertainty, drawing John in like a moth to a flame.
“That’s my boy,” the praise washed over him and finally,
John narrowed his eyes at the taller man, debating if Sherlock really did want what’s best for him. The blinking cursor in his vision brought back all the memories of betrayal, causing John to bolt out of the open door and into the hallway.
Mycroft presented his other forearm, as the one Sherlock had attacked earlier was black and blue. “Just a little bit more, Sherlock, and then we’ll finish this session.” John kept his hand in Sherlock’s hair, but let the vampire strike with the force his muscles were designed to create.
“Oh hell no, mate, I’m wanking right now, you really can’t hear it?” The teenager chuckled and then let out a moan to show Sherlock how much he was enjoying himself.
“What?” Greg asked, his voice going up an octave. Jim shrugged his shoulders, remembering what John had promised her if she let Jim go.
“Heaven forbid,” John muttered under his breath, putting his plate away and heading up to his room. He was upset that Sherlock had already gone to bed and they couldn’t talk more, but he understood how difficult it must be going to Uni; hell, he could barely get through High school. Pulling his books out, he planned on finishing his homework, but saw Mike was in the chat room.
It didn’t take long after the bite closed for Sherlock to stir. He murmured something unintelligible, then began flexing his fingers and toes. “Sherlock, Sherlock can you hear me?” John asked.
Without another word, John headed towards the bathroom in search of a couple of towels. He made a detour, however, when a strange tingling sensation tickled just behind his ears. It was strange, even though Sherlock was in a completely different room, John could feel the other vampire, sense him in a way. And right now, John felt like something was wrong.
When Sherlock was done, he removed and capped the bottle with one hand and then dragged his finger along John’s lower sharp fang. “Oops,” he said nonchalantly.
Like that, John’s appetite was gone and he threw down his fork in pure anger. “Maybe I can just crawl around from table to table and beg for scraps.” The sarcasm and frustration in his voice was palpable.
John had killed someone. Someone who was about to kill Sherlock, yes, but that still didn’t change the fact he had pulled the trigger and now there was a man lying dead on the ground.
“Indeed,” his voice became darker, “be that as it may, your…illness, shall we call it, is quite a mystery and, for all my brother’s immaturity, is a genius and the evidence he finds will be invaluable in learning how to…help malfunctioning Subs such as yourself. It would be much more politically correct to provide assistance to those Subs rather than put them down, wouldn’t you say John?”
“The Subs?” John asked, earning a heavy hand on his shoulder. He knew what it meant of course,
It wasn’t that he didn’t love Sherlock, he did, but in the way one loves air or gravity; it was just…there. Air was necessary and often provided a lovely breeze when it wasn’t a raging cyclone of destruction or hovering over the ocean until it came upon land to wreak havoc. Gravity was also nice, John considered, unless you trip and then land face first onto the pavement.
There was a dark brown leather strap on top of his shirt running all the way around his chest and back to connect two cuffs around each forearm, just under his elbow. The link kept his arms secure and then two more cuffs connected at his wrists allowed for zero movement, save for clenching his hands together until they turned white. John’s chest was forced forward as he lay there, helpless and furious, staring daggers up at the man who sat calmly in his chair. John wiggled around for a good five minutes, spitting muffled obscenities and straining his shoulders to break the leather.
“I saw that,” was all he got from the man. No, ‘why didn’t you tell me sooner,’ or ‘of course there was, don’t be stupid, John;’ instead, there was only acknowledgment and a pause to let the boy continue.
“Sir?” She asked, stepping back as Mycroft threw on his jacket and grabbed his umbrella quickly.
After at least five turns down endless hallways, John was lost and his head was pounding with an ache that made his eyes water. Hoping maybe he could use his small stature to his benefit, John dove into a room and looked for a hiding spot. Instead, he found himself in a room with doors on either side and a shocked nurse.
“I can handle it.”
“What in the hell? Get back inside before Mrs. Hudson sees you,” Greg said, turning Sherlock around and ushering him back inside. The older hunter closed the door before turning around to fix Sherlock with a questioning gaze.
“No, let us not interfere with my brother’s chatting yet. Perhaps he’s merely whetting his appetite and will lose interest,” he looked up at his PA, who quirked an eyebrow in disbelief. “Yes, well, keep an eye on both of them,” Mycroft didn’t believe his words either, for Sherlock was not one to just whet anything.
“Jim, you and I are going to sneak in through the back door once the fires are set. I want you to stay outside while I go find Molly-“
“Bloody FUCK!” Greg growled, dropping Sherlock back on to the bed to tend to Mycroft. “Hey, hey now,” he lowered his voice to coo at the man on the ground. Loud voices could be heard outside the door, signifying they had little to no time before the League was upon them.
John had to fight another bout of laughter at the thought of the strict Dom having…explicit relationships with anybody but his own hand, and even that was amusing to John’s teenage mind. “Alright, umm, I think I can do that,” told her.
John rolled away and stood up, leaving Sebastian on the floor. For a moment, he hesitated, debating whether he should go to Greg or Sherlock. Of course, when his feet started to move, John made his way slowly over to Sherlock.
Sherlock roared, some of the blood dripping from his open mouth onto the couch. “Let go of me!” he shouted and lunged at Greg again. The hunter panicked and fell off the couch and continued scooting backwards, away from the crazed animal.
John ate his meal in silence, until the doctors came in and inspected his wounds. He had visitors coming and going the rest of the time he was in the hospital. Greg came and played cards with him, Jim brought a few comic books for them to read together, and Mycroft always snuck in some cake for him to eat. But Sherlock never came to visit him, though Mycroft never said why.
the older man stood up, taking the letter opener from John’s hand. “Up,” the command came but before John could even think about following it, hands were under his armpits pulling him to his feet. “Go down to the kitchen and sit down at the table. Now, I’m only going to warn you once, John,” the man grabbed him by the shoulders, looking directly into the boy’s eyes. “Do not try to attack my brother, he is far fatter than I am and will surly crush your chest if you insist on being subdued.” John really wanted to laugh and in any other circumstance he probably would have but currently, the boy didn’t think he would ever want to laugh again.
His confidence building, John continued with his line of questioning. “Do, um, do you know who it was…I mean, do you know who StripedTiger is and why they sent me that stuff?”
It made John feel somewhat better hearing that he couldn’t be replaced, but not better enough to want to walk up to the gallows. Sherlock let go and began walking towards the building, keeping the lead tight. John tried to stand his ground, he really tried, but Sherlock was much, much stronger. He stumbled a bit as his feet were forced to move, but soon John was walking as close to Sherlock as possible and resisting the urge to grab hold of his coat.
“Done,” Greg said, with a final whoosh of drapes being thrown.
Sherlock found himself rubbing slow circles with his thumb on John’s scalp. It was quite soothing, and John’s eyes began flutter. “You really think I wanted to know how violent my entire body is, including my blood? You think I need reminding what a monster I am? Jesus, Sherlock, just do your tests and leave me alone.”
“What?! How-why?”
It was a rare morning they all had full bellies before they went about their day of pickpocketing and scouting, and today was no exception. With Molly gone, the moral seemed to be even more dreadful than normal and John decided to tell everyone his plan to get the little girl back. “We need a distraction,” John told them, placing his hands over the fire Harry created for them. “Something to draw them to the front so we can sneak into the back and grab Molly.”
Stairs, John was rolling down a long flight of stairs,
He rapidly began stroking himself, not wanting to fall behind, until he was fully hard and panting slightly. “Yeah, yeah I am. I-I wish you were here with me Sherlock,” John stopped his ministrations at the comment, hoping his lust filled mind hadn’t gone too far. He knew he was bad at ‘dirty talk’; he had even taken a quiz in one of his mom’s magazine that told him so.
“It’s…wow, it’s beautiful Sherlock, really I mean that,” the man tried to stifle a chuckle at the breathiness of the youth, who thought no one knew what he was doing in his room. “It’s ha ha-it’s really big. I mean…wow, ha!”
Thanks so much for all the support!
Sherlock could still smell the blood, the cherry scent, and he still had his hunger. Now though, he realized what he needed to do to get that blood, let that scent wash over him, sate that hunger. John wanted him to be a good boy, to wait. Sherlock could do that. Yes, he’d had a moment of weakness, but now he was sure he could control it to get what he wanted and outsmart John.
John squirmed, as much as his injury would allow, under the scrutiny. Unsure of what to do, he said what he truly thought. “He would do the same for me.” It was true, more than true, and both men in the room knew it to be fact.
“When did they get him back?” Sherlock asked, but John had no idea what they were talking about, so he continued to stare at the two hanging bodies. There were claw marks on each of their throats and blood on their fingernails. John didn’t have to be a detective to figure out that they were still alive when they were hoisted into the air.
“What other options do we have?” Harry snapped. “Why don’t you come up with a plan, Stamford?” John’s lips quirked up at his sister’s defense. She’d always been that way, even though she usually followed her brother’s lead, Harry protected him just as much as he did her. When she ‘blossomed’ as a Sub, their mother and father, who were both Doms, only smiled at having someone to order around, a new slave that was bound to them for free. It was hard to watch, although John could only remember bits and pieces of their childhood, the sound of Harry crying from being punished still twisted his heart and haunted his nightmares.
The elegant man strode in, his eyes the only feature betraying his worry. “Where is he?” he said, before spotting Greg on the couch and rushing over to him. “My God, what has he done?”
“What did you do to me?” John asked, his voice thick with saliva, pain, and above all exhaustion. The boy tried to roll over to see his keeper, his lover, his one link to everything good and bad in their little world, until the hand on his back stopped him.
He woke up at nine to a ‘ding’ from his mobile. Excited to tell Sherlock he was going to pick out a new pair of cleats, John swung his feet out of bed and picked up the phone.
Immediately, Sherlock’s nose filled with the scent of fresh meat. Blood that smelled like burning cedar and cherries filled the room, and Sherlock could see the bright red lines flowing through Greg’s body, telling him where to strike. The neck would be good, but his thigh was even better! The warm blood would flood Sherlock’s mouth and he would be sure not to spill a drop until the man lay dead on the floor.
Hey everyone,
After his last bite, John shook his head, trying to clear away the relaxation that Sherlock so expertly surrounded him in. He looked over at Mycroft who was staring at him intently. “When…” John swallowed, his tongue feeling lazy. “When can I talk to Greg? The Rebels…they’re getting away.”
“We’ll get him to the cabin safely, Mycroft. Don’t you worry,” the hunter said. Sherlock took a large whiff of the man, smelling fresh wood and cherries. His instincts told him to take, bite, drink, so he reached out his hand only for it to be caught by John. Sherlock let out a whine, but dropped his hand.
“Did you hear that John,” Sherlock sat down on the bed and began stroking a hand through John’s hair. “One full week we get to be together.” It was so exciting. Sherlock would get to keep his vampire for an entire week, and soon, John would bite him and his last experiment would be complete. He would be the only human to survive and remember being bitten. Oh it was all so perfect, Sherlock could barely control himself.
Hey everyone!
There was so much panic, as Doms and Subs alike sprinted for the exits or whaled in pain from injuries caused by the explosions. John could hardly see from all the dust and dirt settling in the air, but he tried to stand nonetheless. “Ahh!” John cried when he made it to a kneeling position.
After a minute or so, Sherlock felt the small body relax even further and decided it was time to continue. Moving his hand slowly, as to not startle the boy, from the heated cheek to a bony shoulder and began to apply slight pressure, urging John to give in further.
“Put the gun down!” Greg shouted, pulling out his own and training it on Jim. The command was strong, strong enough to make both Subs weak in the knees, but Jim fought it off.
“Fuck you,” John spat, angry.
“That’s umm…that’s nice,” John said, feeling like he needed to get away from this place as fast as possible. The man’s presence seemed to shine a light on the dark corners John wanted, no needed, to keep in darkness.
Greg shook his head rapidly. ‘No,’ he tried to say, but words could no longer make it through his crushed vocal cords. ‘Please,’ he mouthed, his face scrunched in pain.
Mycroft was terrifying, yes, but he used the pain from the collar instead of his biology to control John. Sherlock on the other hand, could make the young Sub reveal all his secrets from just a back rub.
John let Sherlock fall from his arms. The young vampire hit the floor with a loud thud, his silvery blue eyes closing while his dark brown curls framed his pale face. He would have looked angelic, but the red smears of blood marking Sherlock’s lips and cheeks told a very different story. “Great fucking going, John,” he snapped at himself. Leaving Sherlock in the coma like state John had put him in, the old vampire went over to crouch above Greg.
“Sherlock, calm down,” John begged, holding up his hands. John had never had contact with one of his victims after he’d bitten them.
Chapter 7 – When the Lights Go Out
“F-fuck off,” Greg panted, the pain in his stomach had already spread through his limbs.
Mycroft turned, looking him right in the eye and shoved a threatening finger in his chest. “You listen to me Sherlock Holmes, I know you blocked his calls to his mother, which I understand, but you will not,” he jabbed his finger in harder to make his point clear, “I repeat, you will NOT, block his calls if he needs to contact me. So help me Sherlock, if you harm that boy or forbid him from contacting me for anything! I will castrate you and put an end to this drug you so desperately need a hit from. Do you understand me, brother mine?”
“But John you’re not-”
“Yes, Sir,” she gave him tight lip smile because they both knew once that boy got into that car, Sherlock would never be able to let him go. Even if he wanted to, Mycroft knew deep down inside him that Sherlock wouldn’t let John go until he consumes him whole or someone steps in to fix the situation. This was how it was and always would be, Sherlock was a master at breaking things just as Mycroft was a master at fixing them.
“I’m fine, Gary,” Sherlock said, flopping back down in his chair and looking up at the ceiling. He never noticed how great it was, how ceiling-y.
They sat there for a moment, marble statues sculpted in remembrance of the tragedy of one John Watson who met his doom in purple plaid trousers and a knife in a hand unable to strike. “Very interesting,” the voice said again, sitting up straighter and either inadvertently or purposely, John didn’t know, putting all his weight painfully on the boy’s lower stomach and pelvic bone. “How long would you let me stay like this, John, crushing your Ilium and coccyx? If I commanded you to, would it be longer because the drugs in your system were hiding the pain or is it fear or perhaps simply your nature? Hmm, yes, this is going to be most interesting indeed.”
“Mycroft, I-” John tried to defend himself, but backed away when the tall Dom took a step towards him.
John was angry, though angry at himself or Greg or Sherlock or even the bloody world, he didn’t know.
“I know Sherlock. You wanted him to be safe, there’s nothing wrong with that,” Mycroft said, his voice unnaturally empathetic. “But, you have to realize John isn’t like other Subs. His body isn’t used to being dropped so much and it could harm him.”
“Sherlock,” he breathed, before tipping over to land on the seat cushion.
“Will you be quiet? That was way too close, Harry. Come on we need to get out of here. Did you find any food?” John asked, relishing in the cold air as his heart started to slow down after the adrenalin rush.
John scurried over towards Mycroft’s chair, his hands leaving sweaty prints on the floor.
“Come,” Mycroft said, letting his threat hand in the air. They walked out of the building quickly, John finding it much easier to walk without arm restraints. “In you go,” he opened the back door, placing a hand in the center of John’s spine. Sherlock walked around to the other side before he got in to meet John on the other side. The younger Dom pulled him in, placing an arm around his shoulder as to not jostle the Sub around too much.
“I’ll take it.”
“That’s the point I’m trying to make, Sherlock, you can’t always be there for him. John needs to grow up on his own first, learn how to stand on his own two feet. You can teach him how to walk but you cannot carry him, which would be a disservice to both of you, possibly a fatal one to young John.” Mycroft sipped his coffee, gazing at Sherlock intently over the brim of the cup.
“You do not get to ask questions, John. It’s time you learned your place and earn your right to the bliss your Dom can provide for you. Soon you will see your position as a blessing and privilege, not a curse or right, all thanks to that little piece of leather on your neck and a firm hand. Mycroft’s voice sounded like static in the background as the pain and panic filled John’s mind.
“Depends, I want to find you guys some new coats and a few medical supplies. Then Jim, you take Molly and look for any cash they might have lying around. What else do we need, food wise?” He looked over at his sister.
John looked up at the butler, dumbstruck and confused. One, how did they knew he liked milk in his tea and no sugar, and two, why the fuck were they letting him drink tea?! It didn’t make any sense, but John just shook his head, eyeing the man carefully. “No thank you, this is fine.” All four men watched him as he stared at the tea, waiting for him to take a sip.
“That’s how I got away,” Jim said, feeling uncomfortable. “John promised he’d tell Irene if she let me go.”
After a moment, the gash turned into a scrap, then into a tiny scar that the man would hardly even notice. “There we go,” John said to the unconscious man. “In five minutes, I want you to wake up. You won’t remember who I am or what happened to your hand.” John caressed Sherlock’s face, “good luck, mate.” With that, John left him and went upstairs to his flat.
“Mycroft?” John asked. “Did Mycroft give this to you?”
John laid there in a light purple mist, feeling Sherlock’s hand on the back of his neck. It was just resting there, making sure John didn’t float off into non-existence.
“What?!” John asked, frustrated that he couldn’t get off Sherlock’s lap without hurting himself. This made no sense…no, no, it made perfect since.
“That is unacceptable John!” Sherlock actually shouted, kicking the foot of the tub, causing water to splash onto the floor. Possessive drive took over his fingers as they typed back to his boy.
John walked slowly into the bedroom, grabbing the letter opener, which Sherlock had left on the bed after their scuffle, and placed it between his hip and the elastic of his trousers. He would show them what a Sub was capable of, even if it meant blood needed to be shed.
“Yes, what?” Mycroft asked, keeping his eyes glued to John until the Sub gave in.
“You’re alright, Sherlock. You’re alright,” Mycroft assured him, though he knew his brother was anything by alright. “Do you remember what happened to you?”
“No,” he whispered and Sherlock could hear the shame in his voice. This was probably the first time he’d ever given up on somebody. Yes, plenty had given up on him but he would never do that, not his John who gave everyone the benefit of the doubt. It was sad, he admitted to himself, that John’s soul had aged a bit since he’d met Sherlock. No matter, though, in time the boy would come to realize life isn’t so bad when you have someone whom you can truly depend on.
“Yeah,” he said, not seeing the big deal. Sherlock was his Dom, he took care of him, fed him, helped him fall asleep, so yeah, Sherlock was definitely his Dom. “I mean…unless,” John started to feel less sure of himself as those silver eyes pierced into his soul. “Unless you don’t want to be. I mean, that’s fine too, I guess.” John said, reaching to take the cloth from the man’s hands.
Hey everyone,
Continuing on, Sherlock grabbed his own blood and placed a few drops on top of John’s.
“Fuck,” John panted out, putting his head in his hands and breathing deeply with his newly liberated mouth.
Sherlock’s face tightened then went lax, and then tightened again in concentration as he jerked them both into hardness and worked himself open.
There were footsteps coming up to the room, Sherlock’s footsteps, his Sherlock’s footsteps. John closed his eyes and chanted to himself that he could control himself, he didn’t need to take and claim Sherlock, he was better than this primal animal that stalked the gates. But when Sherlock walked into the room, his sweet toasty smell hit John’s brain like an arrow.
John ran back down the steps, using his hand to flatten his hair down. Sherlock was waiting for him with an eagerness John had seen many times when they were in bed together. It didn’t take them long to catch a cab, nor was it a very long drive to the crime scene. Perhaps it only seemed that way though as John was so busy smelling the fresh air, looking up at the grey sky, and watching people walking outside. It was always strange, John thought, to watch other people, realizing that they had a life completely different than his. They had their own troubles, own families who they went home to every night or called every weekend. Everyone he saw had their own life and they were completely oblivious to everyone else’s secrets.
Greg sighed, rubbing his hands over his face, “did you have sexual intercourse with Sherlock Holmes, John?”
John sighed again, thumping his head back against the brick, hoping the pain would dull the rest of his senses.
Dr. Magnussen was standing before him, walking closer when suddenly the door burst open, followed by Mycroft storming into the room.
“Don’t!” Bells said, his voice lower than any human vocal cords could produce. “I didn’t do anything! You have no right!” He continued to chant the same lines every vampire did right before Sherlock shot them through the heart. It was all rather dull that none of his prey could come up with better pleas.
Jim thought back to the scary lady threatening him, and the big guy who tried to drag him to medical to take his collar off. “I-Irene wanted to, erm…wanted to know who Mycroft was, erm…sleeping with,” Jim said, turning bright red.
“Of course,” the hunter nodded, stepping out and heading towards the car that held John. The man opened the door and pulled out a large blanket to cover John with.
“Good,” Sherlock replied, placing one more kiss on the boy’s lips, making him chase after it to make the contact last longer and then picked him up to stand as he dried them both off.
With one more sharp thrust, Sherlock felt the young body go ridged and the cock touching him jerked slightly in its confines. The sounds escaping the boy’s throat were magnificent, pumping more blood than the man thought was possible to his aching cock. He felt hands on his shoulders trying to push him off. Looking down, he saw how panicked John had become from spilling in his pants, bringing another jolt of lust at the obvious fact that this was the first time his boy had ever come along with someone else. “Oh my God, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to-“ John cried out, but the only result was Sherlock going in for another kiss and rutting as hard as he could against the boy’s thigh, searching for his own release.
That is why only a day later Mycroft wasn’t surprised when Anthea brought him a file on a fourteen year old boy from Southampton named John Hamish Watson.
Sherlock's POV two days after chapter three. Sherlock becomes more and more possessive and takes action to ensure he can always keep an eye on John.
For now though, Sherlock was willing to indulge John in his plotting games. After all, they would never work out and in the end would only prove in Sherlock’s favor by verifying exactly what he had told John more than a hundred times. “You are mine,” he whispered into the boy’s ear, rutting his achingly hard cock against John’s thigh and buttocks. Sherlock began kissing the tender skin just outside the plaster, willing the pain he caused,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look at you, all up on your high horse. Oh poor Sherlock,” Jim lowered his voice in a mocking tone, “he thinks he’s on the side of the angels now, helping little Johnny get through his problems. When in reality, you’re just like me,” the dark eyes glistened, sending a shiver up the detective’s spine. He knew what the man was saying wasn’t true, couldn’t be true. John loved him and in turn Sherlock took care of him, protecting the boy from the ‘Jims’ of the world. He might not be an angel, but he sure as hell wasn’t like the man sitting in front of him.
“Whoa, whoa, whao, just hold up a minute,” John said, starting to feel light headed as understanding hit him. They were just experimenting on him like a potato at the science fair. “What do you mean touch worked better than the collar? What’s going on?” The beeping on the monitor sped up rapidly as John’s heart rate rose.
Chapter 10 – Zero Chance
no demerits,
“I didn’t feel a thing,” Sherlock said, squirming against John so he could sit up and turn around. “And…and the sucking! It was like…like-” Sherlock continued to ramble, until John filled him in to what had happened.
“John, you know we cannot do that,” the Dom put a heavy hand on John’s shoulder. “Those Subs have broken many laws and need to be brought in, however, the deal will still be honored and they will be given proper care.”
John was placed on a soft bed, belly down, as he gave a loud groan of discomfort. A soothing hand ran up and down his back while another fiddled with the shock collar around his neck. “Are your toes numb?” Sherlock asked behind him, “wiggle them for me.” John sighed into the pillow positioned under his head, not even realizing it was a command before it was too late. Drool pooled out of his mouth as his toes twitched and danced of their own accord. “Good boy,” the praise created a strange haze around him, offering an oasis for his thirst, which he thought unquenchable until he’d stumbled into the Holmes’ household.
“Come on, we’ll see him in a couple of days,” Greg said, putting a sympathetic hand on Mycroft’s shoulder and turning him towards the exit. “John will take care of him.”
“Mycroft,” Greg said, walking over to put a hand on Mycroft’s shoulder. “Sherlock’s in pretty bad shape. Maybe we should just let John see him for a tick. We don’t know shit about a newly shifted vampire, and we might need his help.”
“I need him,” John mumbled, just loud enough for Greg to hear.
Sherlock shivered, the act pulling the animal inside him back just enough to remember…
“Everything.” Sherlock’s smile could be heard in his voice. “Now, let’s go see Jim, shall we?” Sherlock pulled the teenager so he was tucked under his arm as they walked, and for that moment, John’s mind was cleared by a mild scent of coconuts and cinnamon.
Irene’s eyes narrowed at the teenager in the hospital bed. Then, an eerie smile came to her face. “I see. Well, that is a shame. I was hoping the Holmes boys would be able to survive this war, especially that tall brainy one.”
Both humans sighed, exchanging looks that John couldn’t quite read. “I will require both of us to be here for this experiment. I have tranquilizers and net guns in the car, which will be used at my discretion on either of you,” Mycroft said.
It confused him, pissed him off, and scared him that maybe he had misjudged John completely, missed some vital clue that would end in the boy’s suicide.
John opened up his mouth to tell the Dom where he could shove the stupid bar of soap when said bar was shoved even farther back by Mycroft’s hand, shaving off little pieces, which landed in between his cheek and gum. “Perhaps I should have been more clear. Do you know what wall sits are? Nod for yes, shake your head for no.” John nodded, choking from the soap hitting his gag reflex.
“Sherlock,” a watery voice sobbed next to him.
“Yep, but better make it twenty.” John laughed and gave a quick peck to Sherlock’s lips before he jumped out of bed. He threw on a shirt and trousers then ran out the door. “Love you!” he shouted as he flew down the stairs.
“Yes, Sir.” Strangely enough, the words didn’t taste as bad as he thought they would.
They made it through a third of the stack when John finished his coffee, with pink cheeks that were either from the heat of his drink or the heat he was feeling in his loins.
“You’re bloody insane!” John yelled, trying to keep his jaw from hanging wide open. “What if the council finds out? What if- what if-”
“You know and I know everyone would agree with my actions if they looked at the situation objectively.” Sherlock inhaled deeply, not realizing he’d said his entire speech in one breath. He waited for his brother’s reply, knowing there was only one more move to be completed before the game was over and he took home the prize.
“Yeah, I know.” They sat there for a while, listening to the beeping from the monitors and the slight murmur from Greg and Mycroft talking outside. John’s eyes were growing heavy, as each blink grew longer and longer. “Sherlock?”
“Very well,” Mycroft said. “But if you lose control of that tongue of yours just once, Sherlock will put it on quicker than you can even apologize, is that understood?”
“I’ll take care of you,” Sherlock whispered. Suddenly, images of the nightmare Sherlock’s words roared back into John’s brain.
“Thank you, Dr. Watson,” Sherlock said sarcastically and pushed him into the kitchen.
“I’ll say, I look like I decided to get a tattoo of your hands on my chest,” John finally gave a hardy laugh. The feeling of the young body shaking over him because of joy instead of anguish warmed Sherlock’s heart and welded the doors that secured the storms shut again. “Maybe I can get a big ‘SHERLOCK’ tattooed right over one of them,” he giggled again, earning a playful swat to the backside.
Then, he fell with a loud thump, his teeth smashing together and splitting the bar in half. One end dropped to the floor while the other seemed to turn to horrible mush inside his mouth. John spit it out, gasping and gagging on the floor, unaware of the Dom staring at him from behind the large wooden desk. “I did not give you permission to spit out the soap, nor did I say you could break position, John.” Mycroft never left his desk,
“Obviously,” Sherlock scoffed, turning to smile at John. Though, it wasn’t a kind smile one offers to a friend, no, this was the look when you buy a new toy at the store. “He’s unaware and/or disbelieving of the outside influences most Subs experience as soon as they present. Thus, creating the perfect specimen to disprove your theories and prove mine.” The two brothers stared at each other for the longest time. So long, in fact, John thought he might be able to slip out of the house before they even realized he was gone. Then, Mycroft turned his gaze from Sherlock to look at John and said something that made the boy tremble with fear.
To John’s mind, the silence lasted forever, only the background noise of the water stopped him from breaking down. Then, he felt a hand on his shoulder, the thumb slowly rubbing over the knobs on his neck. “You’re gorgeous John, please let me see you,” the dark sensual voice pleaded in his year, echoing high above the sound of the water hitting the tile. With slight pressure on his shoulder and all the trust he could muster, John closed his eyes and slowly turned to face the older man. “It’s okay,” he hadn’t realized he was shaking violently until the man wrapped his arms around him, pulling him tightly to his large chest. “How do you not know how beautiful you are?”
“You should be, take your trousers and pants off so you can feel me touching you.” Giving orders was a big step and Sherlock knew it might be too soon, but the boy was so blissed out right now it just might work. It did, placing the phone on his heaving chest, John used his free hand to pull down both his pants and trousers, and then shimmied them down to his ankles, his left hand never leaving his cock. When he could hear the teen’s breathing come back to the phone, Sherlock continued, “can you feel me touching you? Your strong chest, your smooth stomach, your full cock, your beautiful arse?”
“You’re not eating?” John asked as he walked past the taller man.
Without the warmth and caressing touch, John found it easy to force down his need, telling himself it was nothing but a physical response to the bastard’s manipulations. The worst part was though, that it felt bloody amazing to go under that far. He couldn’t think that way, John knew, it would do no good to him and especially no good to Harry or Molly for him to get lost in Subspace for the rest of his life.
“John,” Mycroft said, “you’ve seen what good the collar can do and what it helps prevent, yes?”
Thank you for reading and I would love to hear what you thought.
“I’m sorry,” was all John could say, feeling numb and cold in this woman’s embrace.
While the plaster continued to dry, which would take at least 24 hours, he began cleaning up the mess in preparation for John’s awakening. The boy would panic at first, obviously, but Sherlock was okay with that kind of reaction. It had been clear to the detective that the nightmare the teenager had been having before their first fight,
None of it mattered right now though when he realized his ankle was cuffed to the end of the hospital bed. He continued to sob, unable to even build an escape plan in his violated mind, when the door opened. “Get out of here, Sherlock. I really don’t want to see you right now,” John said, trying to keep the tears out of his voice.
“Yes, ma’am.”
Chapter 10 – Waking Up
he yelled at himself for rambling and took the bottle.
The next time John opened his eyes, big curious ones were staring at him. “You talk in your sleep,” Sherlock told him. He turned around and slid off the bed, looking at John expectantly as he reached for his robe.
Chapter 5 – Secrets
“It slipped,” Sherlock said, inwardly smiling at how upset his captive was that he was hurt.
“That’s because John’s neck was hurt in an accident, sweetheart. That’s why you need to be gentle and not yell, remember?” Greg answered, stepping into the room. John eyed the gray haired man suspiciously for a moment. They hadn’t been properly introduced, as the first time they met John had soap in his mouth. Molly looked healthier than John had ever seen her though so…
“Subs do not tell someone to do anything, John,” Mycroft said from his seat. “Continue, Sherlock.”
Greg grunted in agreement. “So then why am I here? What do you need me to do?”
“Contact Lestrade when we get there. Keep him on the line until I figure out exactly what happened. I want our men to be first responders, is that understood?”
“We will have to prepare for damage control if what young Jim here says is true,” Mycroft said, looking at Greg. He reached out and grabbed the man’s hand, caressing the knuckles before they parted.
“I really appreciate you finding all these for me, Sherlock. My mom is going to be thrilled if I get accepted and she doesn’t have to pay a thing. This is kind of a lot though, we might be here until midnight,” John laughed nervously, rubbing his palms over his thighs.
“Gregory, welcome,” Mycroft said, opening the door to let the man into the living room. “Please have a seat. Devon is brewing some tea as we speak.”
“Fine!”
Chapter 9 – Candle in the Wind
“Of course I will,” he mumbled into the boy’s hair, feeling the heat of blush rising into the boy’s face and scalp. It large angry pit formed in his stomach, knowing the reason John blushed at any compliment was because he had received too few in his old life. That was over now, though, and he would make sure to worship John’s body and soul every day for the rest of their lives.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t fast enough,” he said, giving John a sympathetic smile. “So, umm, Mycroft said you had something to tell me.”
It was strangely, and dangerously, relaxing, so John took a few more discreet sniffs then pulled away roughly.
Sherlock watched in amazement at how the thick sludge began to attack the human blood, ripping out its life and taking it into itself. Even John’s blood fed on humans.
“Who the fu-“
“Sherlock, you know this can’t be permanent, right?”
“John!” he shouted and ran over to the blonde teenager, gripping him in a tight hug. “I’m so glad you’re okay. I was so worried.” He pulled back to look at the slightly taller boy, his face turning from happy to sad in an instant. “I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry, John.”
“How are you feeling, sweetie?” A woman’s voice asked, starting John enough that he opened his eyes on instinct.
Out of instinct, Mycroft held the can in front of John’s face and pressed down, spraying the toxic liquid into the vampire’s eyes. The reaction was instantaneous. John hissed and covered his eyes, turning around and falling to the floor with a loud thud. He continued to growl and writhe on the floor, rubbing his eyes, as Greg stepped in front of Mycroft and shot the unbreakable net over the vampire.
“Are you sure?”
Chapter 11 – Bleed Together
“Is this my blood?” John asked, heading into the kitchen and eyeing Sherlock’s microscope and vials.
His cock was half hard already from just the pleasure of drinking blood, but it continued to twitch when John stroked his hand down Sherlock’s stomach. “Don’t focus on them, Sherlock. Only me, only…” his sire’s voice drifted off as his cold hand made its way past short curly hairs to grip the base of his cock.
It hurt to open his eyes, hell, it hurt to even breathe, but John forced his lids open. The walls were white with various patterns in turquois and coral on a thick border around the middle of the room. The door was closed, but John could hear commotion going on outside his room. As he continued to scan the room with groggy vision, John’s eyes came to rest on a man he knew all too well.
“Yes, you should get some sleep. I’ll just leave you to it, then,” Sherlock said, trying to sound flat, but the hurt in his voice was obvious. After a few clicks of his heel against the tile floor, Sherlock left the room, the door closing behind him.
“You seem to be feeling better,” he said and John noticed the man typing something into his phone.
John walked next to Sherlock with his head down in embarrassment, while Mycroft walked a few steps ahead, confident that the Sub couldn’t attack his blind spot. John just burrowed farther into his toasty jacket and tried to ignore that he was being led by a piece of leather.
He smiled at the way Sherlock seemed to curl around John’s body, his good hand on the boy’s ribs protectively, while the other was spread through short blonde hairs. The Dom’s knees were huddled up in the fetal position, with one leg over John’s good one.
John opened his eyes at the commotion going on around him. It seemed the ‘moronic lackey’ had left the room and only Sherlock was there, sitting next to him. Sherlock looked more pale than usual, and his normally bright inquisitive eyes looked exhausted and worried. “John!” he smiled broadly and scooted his chair closer.
Mycroft stared at the man for a moment, something passing between them, then nodded. “I will help as well. He is my brother, after all.”
“No! This is preposterous and just…just wrong!” Sherlock said, looking at John with anger and bewilderment.
“Yes,” Mycroft nodded. “I will ensure you never see the like of me or Sherlock again. You will be relocated and start a brand new life. All you have to do is say yes, and Mr. Lestrade will take you where you need to be.”
“Oh God, John!” Sherlock moaned blissfully, forgetting about the pain in his ears for that short moment. John continued kneading the plump flesh in his hands while slowly coaxing the puckered hole open by thrusting in a few times and then licking around the rim over and over again, until Sherlock was panting. “Please,” a wanton whisper came from the head of the bed and John knew this was his chance.
“I know,” John cut in quickly. Although he was sure Sherlock already knew everything there was to know about John’s past, he didn’t want Molly think it was okay to talk about it in front of Doms. If something ever happened to him, God forbid, Molly would be on her own and who knows what kind of influences she’d have then. “I do too, love, I do too.” John reached his arm up slowly, rubbing his hand through her hair like he used to do when she had nightmare in the Pipes. He never told anyone, but it helped him fall asleep just as much as it did her.
“Why what?”
“Jim!? What about Jim? He’s still alive?” John shot up from his seat, his hands firmly placed on either side of his plate. If Jim was still alive that meant John wasn’t responsible for his death. Giant lead weights seemed to grow wings and lift up from his chest and shoulders, freeing him of the guilt in his heart.
Thanks so much for all the kudos and comments, I really appreciate them.
“Would you like some tea or I think I have some Coke if you’d prefer?” Sherlock called from the kitchen to the jittery boy sitting on his couch. He already had two Newcastles in his hands, but thought it would be best to just spring it on him at the last minute like it was a treat. It was obvious John was still nervous around him, but every time the boy shifted in his seat, the detective could tell he was trying to hide the erection caused by the older man.
Sherlock ensures John will be his forever.
“Turn around,” John crossed his arms over his chest.
Now that the younger Sub had given in to the bliss and accepted the life he was told was his, John didn’t know what to do. Suddenly, his collar felt too tight. It was squeezing the life out of him and nobody cared as long as he followed orders.
“Hi,” she said shyly, “does it hurt?”
It was a moral dilemma, which Mycroft hated because contrary to popular belief, he did have a heart but he just chose to place his sense and intellect above all when making decisions. On paper, everything was perfect, Sherlock was staying out of trouble and off drugs, John’s success in life increased by a tremendous 81 percent if he stayed at Baker Street, allowing the boy to have a greater chance at becoming a doctor. Those were all facts, statistical facts written in black ink but the negatives…well, those were nothing but societal taboos and emotions, which only inhibited John and Sherlock from reaching their full potential.
John grabbed him by his bony shoulders and pushed him back, his feet sliding against the cool tile. Sherlock grunted and growled, noting his superior strength was no match for his sire’s. “Sherlock, try to calm down. Focus on me, just me.”
Also, cliffhanger ahoy!
Watching his phone for a response, Sherlock went over all the scenarios in his mind. Noting every outcome and possibility of what John would do and getting the teen away from Southampton was by far the best way to go with the plan. If John needed a little push or guilt trip, that’s what the detective would do, even if he had to call him.
“Yeah, but didn’t the officer say you weren’t allowed to talk to him until he was taken back to the station?” John grasped at the water that was slipping through his hands.
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock said rubbing John’s outer thigh and calf.
“Subs don’t get organ donations,” John said angrily, lowering his head. The room was silent for a long moment, as all men knew what John said was true.
“Sherlock! Put me down! What are you doing, I ‘am’ a teenager!” John tried to bat at the chest when he was set down on the side of the tub. When the man turned the tap on, realization hit and then he really began to panic. “Sherlock, no, I can bathe myself…hey!” his protests where cut off by his pants being worked off over his cast. The painkillers Sherlock must have given him were starting to wear off because one, a slight throbbing pain started spreading through his wrist and ankle and two, his modesty was coming back in spades. Immediately, his hands came down to cup himself away from Sherlock’s gaze.
“Well done, John, very, very well done,” Mycroft whispered, patting John on the back and giving him just enough bliss to make his feet and hands tingle with warmth.
“You don’t scare me,” John spat. He wanted to take a step forward to act threatening but his fear held him back. His mistakes were stacking up for the day and getting close enough to be grabbed was not one he wanted to add to the tally.
“But-” John started, but was cut off by Irene holding up her hand.
Sherlock focused for a moment, flooding his head with all the things John would do to him when he believed Archie was the man’s prey. Would he try to seduce the Detective, get his mind on him and only him for the rest of time? Would his brave boy tell him off right then and there? Would John jump his bones as soon as they got into the car, proving what Sherlock already knew,
“What took you so long?” The deep voice was right behind him, making John squeak and turn around quickly. John gripped his towel tighter when he saw his clothes in Sherlock’s hand.
“Come, I’ll walk with you,” she said, placing an arm around his shoulders. John didn’t like the way it felt. It wasn’t Sherlock’s large hand on his nape. It just wasn’t right.
The DI stopped twirling his glass and looked up at Mycroft, his eyes showing he knew exactly what kind of ‘drug’ was capable of such strength. “Not again.”
At first, John tried to squirm away, but his legs and torso were completely trapped in thick warm vines. To make matters worse, John was half hard and it was not going away. Sherlock’s continuous bliss just felt so amazing and not to mention a there was a hard warm body pressed against him.
John stepped out of the car and waited for the ‘minder’ to catch up before they went inside the store. “Just need to grab a few things. I’ll only be ten minutes or so,” John told the man, grabbing a trolley to put his weight on as he walked.
“You said you can’t live without me. Why?”
Sherlock's POV during their Chapter 7.
On cue, a small but strong hand wrapped around his biceps, halting his momentum towards the bait.
“Okay, okay, big pedal break, little one gas,” John told himself, remembering when Harry convinced them to steal a car. She only drove them about two blocks before they crashed into a street lamp.
“He is still very confused, Sherlock, but…”
“Why did you run into a burning building and drag me out? Why?” His eyes seemed ablaze with the fury created from not being able to understand John’s actions.
“John already knows I had planned to keep him from the moment I first saw him. I don’t keep secrets from him anymore. John and I love each other, which is something you will never understand.” Sherlock said, lifting his chin in both smugness and defiance. He had had enough of this game, and if the sounds outside the building were anything to go by, Mycroft had located them.
His hesitation was short lived, when Sherlock gently grabbed his wrist, leading him up to touch the ivory stomach. The first jolt of contact was all the teenager needed and soon he was using both hands to rub the soap all over the man’s body. They both giggling softly when the suction between John’s hand and Sherlock’s bicep caused a loud farting noise. After making sure the man’s torso was clean, the teen glanced down at the black hairs leading down to a fully erect cock jutting out from an even thicker bed of curls. He had seen it out of the corner of his eye while washing him, but now he was looking at the first mature cock he’d ever seen,
Immediately, John’s hand let go of the scalpel, letting it fall with a loud clang to the floor. The next thing to succumb to the overload were his knees. John’s entire body seemed to collapse, his muscles unwilling to support his structure anymore. “Shhh,” Sherlock said. John hadn’t realized that a high pitched whine was coming from his throat. “I’ve got you.”
“Yeah, well don’t think I won’t do it to you too,” John spit out, puffing up his chest and baring his teeth again.
It was as if the Dom hadn’t heard a word John had said as he slowly strode over to the bed, phone in hand and something horrifying in his silver eyes. “Sh-Sherlock?” John said, worrying that the sadist trait ran in the family. The Sub tried to scoot away, earning as much space between him and Sherlock as possible; only to realize his thighs were still useless from the wall sits.
“It’s about time, dear. You’re a Doctor for goodness sake; I’m a bit disappointed in you for letting him go this long.” She chastised and then headed back down towards her flat.
Sherlock checked to make sure the clasp on John’s right arm and leg and the collar attached to another chain were secure before he slowly got onto the bed. He stood tall on his knees and loomed over the sleeping form. With a giant grin on his face, Sherlock began running his hands clinically over John’s entire body.
“O-Okay,” John said, a little scared because he knew what kind of man Mycroft Holmes truly was.
There was some rustling from the street below, spiking John’s curiosity. He got down on his hands and knees and looked over in hopes of seeing a stumped Sherlock. The next thing he knew though, there was an arm around his waist and a funny smelling cloth being pressed over his mouth and nose.
“Tell me what you want, John,” Sherlock whispered, giving a good squeeze to his bullocks and a few rough tugs. That was all it took for John’s body to tense and his cock to pulse spastically into Sherlock’s hand and his own trousers. Sherlock’s hand continued its touches, though they were more gentle to the point of almost tickling. They stood there for another moment, John’s breath slowing as the burns on his shoulder blade and stomach pulsed painfully with a dramatic heartbeat.
“Who is this?” A woman asked as they approached the scene.
His boy having nightmares was unacceptable and Sherlock knew having these casts on would alarm John at first because of his dream, but in the long run, the teen would realize his lover would take care of him and not hurt him in this vulnerable time. “You’ll see, John,” Sherlock whispered as he put away the last of the soiled flannels and curled up next to the sleeping figure. “I’ll take care of you. I’ll feed you, bathe you, hold you, protect you, and love you forever. Oh John, I’ll make you feel so good, you’ll see.” He nuzzled into the small warm neck, biting slightly at the skin and cherishing the little whimpers coming from the boy as the sedative’s effects waned.
“If you need anything, just wright it down on a piece of paper and look at it. We will see it and be in contact with you as soon as possible.”
He had heard a few of those words to describe him before, but he never really believed the person because it was usually just a family member that had to say it. This, however, was coming from a man who had no strings attached, could just get up and walk away if he didn’t like the boy, and he was telling John flat out that he was perfect. Suddenly an unstoppable giggle came from his lips and he quickly turned cherry red, turning his head and covering his face.
Sherlock sat down next to him, reaching out for the bag with lightning speed. John pulled it away and hissed at Sherlock, making the younger vampire retract his hands and lean away. Being a stern and tough teacher was not John’s first choice, but he knew Sherlock would need a firm, unrelenting hand if he was ever going to be able to control himself around humans.
“N-Nothing,” John lied, wiping the single tear that had leaked out.
“Sherlock-“ John tried, though his head was getting lighter.
“Yes, I’m almost to Baker Street.”
“I’ll…I’ll help you,” John said, finally looking up to make eye contact with Sherlock. The Dom smiled down at him, though his smile wasn’t a triumphant one, more melancholic than anything.
“There we are,” Sherlock smiled as he grabbed a particularly thick piece and marked a giant ‘S’ on one cheek, and an ‘H’ on the other. “Perfect.”
“That’s it, come on up,” Sherlock said to him as he gently tugged on the boy’s hair.
“A broken bottle,” the man said. He finally looked up at John, revealing silver eyes and a pale face. There was a mop of curly dark hair on his head and a stare that made John almost shiver.
“John,” Sherlock sighed as he walked up to the Sub. John was pulled into a warm hug that made him want to put his arms around Sherlock and reciprocate. He didn’t though; John just stood there dumbly, letting Sherlock wrap his arms around him. “I’m not going to leave you for one second while we’re in there. You mean too much to…” Sherlock paused for a moment, “to our cause. We could never lose you, John, never.”
“Thanks,” Sherlock said, but obviously didn’t mean it. He handed the man his fare and slowly moved himself from under John’s body. It must have been the painkillers from earlier, because even as Sherlock picked him up gently under the knee and ribs, John merely mumbled. Being careful of John’s shoulder, he let the younger man’s feet down on the stoop, but kept one arm around him while Sherlock opened the door.
Mycroft sighed and pulled the boy closer even though, unlike his brother, he was not the cuddling type.
“There’s no way he’s sleeping! He’s just putting on an act. Look at him, he’s a defective if I’ve ever seen one.”
“He’s with Mr. Holmes, I believe. Would you like me to ring him for you, dear?”
“So, you weren’t going to sleep with him?” John asked, his face adorably serious.
“That’s better. Now you’re in the correct position,” Mycroft said without even looking up from the papers on his desk. John tried counting by threes, reciting Pi, which was stupid because all he remembered from his two years at the Sub school was 3.14, naming the oceans, naming the continents, anything he could think of to stop his mind from being in the here and now. It was working until suddenly, his friends floated into his thoughts as if paddling down the river he tried to damn up. They were caught, being auctioned all because he couldn’t keep them safe, all because he couldn’t protect them.
Hey guys,
“Ms. Adler, Jim Moriarty and John Watson for you.”
“John?” A stranger’s voice called to him, breaking his train of thought, which was no doubt leading to a rather embarrassing melt down. John wiped his eyes, then gripped the handle bar of the trolley tighter as he looked up to see a ghost standing before him. Not a real ghost of course, but a man he barely even recognized as age and most likely liquor and cigarettes had done their work. “John…umm, John Watson? Is that you?”
“That’s good dear,” she said, already distracted from dialing on the home phone. “Clean up your plate and make sure to finish up your homework before bed. Wouldn’t want you to get kicked off the team because of bad grades, now would we?”
“I do believe so, John,” he said, wondering what he was going to tell Sherlock now and how long he would keep them apart. “Here, it’s a note from Sherlock. He wanted me to give it to you before he went to jail,” Mycroft handed the piece of paper over to John, recalling Sherlock forcing it into Mycroft’s jacked pocket before he got on the plane for America. To his surprise, John read it out loud.
“John-“ both Harry and Mike said together.
“Alright,” John said, “I don’t know how long it’s going to take or even if Sherlock’s capable of this kind of control. From what I’ve seen he is the obsessive type, which isn’t prime for this kind of situation.”
John took a deep breath, and then told the man where to take him. For the entire ride, he twirled and rubbed the tracking device in his pocket, worried about what would happen when he pressed it.
“’night, Jim,” he said, a sleepy smile on his face as his friend lowered his head and left the room. “Hey, Greg,” John whispered just loud enough for the Dom to hear him.
“John,” he heard Greg say from behind him. John looked up to see the hunter with a crossbow in his hands. “It’s over,” the man growled, his eyes dark. Before John could react, a wooden steak shot through his heart by the humans he was trying to help.
“He was going to kill me…I-I was going to kill me and then John shot him…John saved me, he saved me Mycroft!” Sherlock was still rambling as Mycroft stepped out of the room and into the hallway.
“It was discovered at the hospital that Jim had a severe case of RDD,” Sherlock said. “We thought it would be best if a Sub with a criminal history could be reintroduced into society as a perfectly functional Sub.” The smile on Sherlock’s face was that of a giddy boy who had just received a new puppy for Christmas.
When they arrived at the bedroom, Sherlock herded John over to the bed and sat him down. Sherlock had brought John button up shirts to the hospital, aware of how horrible it must have been to not be able to wear his own clothes. Plus, it was easier to take them off without hurting his injured arm.
“Well,” Sherlock grabbed the hem of John’s shirt and lifted it up over his head, and strangely enough, John let him. “I was worried you were going to get an eye infection,” he smiled as he inspected the collar on John’s neck for any irritation.
John started to laugh. He couldn’t help himself. This was Mycroft’s idea of being nice and taking care of John, and he was still ordering the Sub around. He was forever grateful though that he didn’t have to talk to any journalists for at least a little while.
This chapter doesn't have any explicit material but still deals with disturbing behavior and subject matter.
“What was it like to feel bliss for the first time?” the man asked, then waited for John to reply.
“Were you able to show Mike how to do the quadratic formula like I taught you?”
“But-” John tried to cut in, reiterating that he didn’t know where his friends were hiding.
John stared at his hands, recalling every single time Sherlock touched his back and wondering if his mind was ever his own. It was obvious he was under Sherlock’s control when he went into a deep subdrop, but the other times John couldn’t identify. “So you transmitted through touching my back?”
“You were in a coma for two days, John. We can’t take that kind of risk again, at least not until we understand more about this phenomenon.” Mycroft gently lifted John’s leg, checking over his work. With an approving nod, he placed the leg back in his lap.
“Mmhm, mmhm, yes,” Sherlock continued nodding his head, “well I don’t see why not. You must be gently though, just like when you patched up Leopold, yes?” Molly nodded seriously again.
Chapter 17 – Plug in Baby
John's POV directly after chapter two.
John continued to gasp for breath but the world slowly stopped spinning and all he saw were two silver orbs staring back at him. “There you are,” Sherlock smiled, “I’m sorry, John. That was my fault; I shouldn’t have thrown you in the deep in like that. Are you alright?”
“Are they going to have a funeral?” He asked but really didn’t want to know the answer.
“John,” Sherlock moaned, reaching towards the other car.
“That’s okay, John, you don’t need to understand everything right now. What I do need from you is a yes or no, though. We need someone in the Holmes estate to feed us information, John, please, your people need you.”
“Who is Victor? W-what did you do to him? Who are these people? Who are you, Sherlock?” John shouted, lowering the gun slightly to Sherlock’s knee level as he broke down.
Chapter 14 – Something’s Got to Give
“I will have blood sent once a week. There is a refrigerator that will keep the stock fresh,” Mycroft said, his eyes flickering from his brother to his mobile. John could tell the man was worried for his little brother, but was trying his best not to let it show. It made the old vampire smile. It had been a long time since someone had cared about him like Mycroft did for Sherlock. They might not show it on the surface, but John could smell it on them; a particularly delicate smell of jasmine and tea.
That’s when John realized it was he who was holding the gun, not Lestrade. He tried to lower it, but something in his muscles wouldn’t allow it.
John laughed at the thought, perhaps all their ‘gang’ of misfit Subs needed was a cool acronym like S.H.I.E.L.D, to be taken seriously. It wouldn’t matter though, the teenager knew, as long as he was a Sub and a dysfunctional one at that, he would never be the leader of anything that mattered. At least he had the four kids in front of him to take care of, give him a purpose. Even though stealing from those aristocratic Doms up on the hill was John’s greatest pleasure, what with their little pet Subs and diamond studded collars, it was a cake walk with the most exquisite tortes.
As Greg opened the door, a young woman in scrubs came through with a lead in her hand.
“I’ll do my best,” John said, because he would do his best to behave in front of all the pretentious Doms. Could he do it? Well, that was another matter entirely.
Without thinking, Sherlock twisted his head and bit down on John’s arm as hard as he could and pulled. Putrid sulfur filled his mouth as a deafening scream filled his sensitive ears. But he was free! John’s hands let go of him for just an instant and Sherlock was on Greg.
“Why did you do that?” Sherlock asked, annoyed.
The silence in the room was broken when Greg and Mycroft came into the room. “Well would you look at that,” Greg chuckled, looking over at the unlikely pair. “Found someone who can actually stand to be around you, eh Sherlock?” The Dom laughed, walking over to kneel in front of the little girl.
Most pictures he saw were of vampires actually in the act, but this one, this one was different.
“Hurry up,” Mycroft said waving John to walk towards the house, “you’ll catch your death out here.”
“Is it that guy who visited you earlier, the…’not very nice friend?’”
“Do what?” John said, the petulance in his voice showing just how much of a teenager he actually was.
“What do you mean?” John asked, sitting up in his bed, wincing when his bliss started to fade from worry.
When that didn’t work, John looked up at Greg, who had a worried look on his face as he comforted both Jim and Mycroft. Swallowing whatever teenage bashfulness he had, John pinched Sherlock’s nose, tilted his head back, and blew fresh air into this mouth. His lips were hot against John’s, stirring something in the boy. “Come on, come on, come on,” John started to whimper. “Please, Sherlock,” he breathed into his lungs again, “please don’t leave me, please.”
Mycroft groaned, shifting slightly and squeezing his eyes together. “You’re alright,” Greg said softly, his focus shifting from John back to the man in his lap. “He’s going to be alright, vampire.” It wasn’t a question, but a threat. John smiled.
He quickly typed in the name Sherlock under the number. Without hesitating John replied with his name.
The first time, John had discovered drain cleaner under the sink while he was fixing up Sherlock’s outrageously dirty flat. The thought ignited quicker than flint striking steel and he grabbed the bottle, slamming the bathroom door shut in an attempt to buy him some time before Sherlock found him. It was water that flowed into his belly though, no poison to eat away at his insides, he had Sherlock for that after all. The detective was standing outside the door when John came out of the bathroom. He didn’t even fight Sherlock when he tied the boy up with rope, shoulder to toe, for three days.
“No, I don’t want to go! Sherlock!” he called to the motionless man.
“God, why in the hell did I have to fall in love with a bloody Holmes,” Greg grunted as he lifted Sherlock over his shoulder. Although the man-
“You think this is your fault?” He asked, already knowing the answer as John nodded into his chest.
By the end of her speech, John had pulled his legs up to his chest and was rocking slowly. He stared past her, trying desperately to push her words out of his head before they took root; for if they did, he would surely crack into a million little pieces that weren’t even his anymore. Sherlock had given him those pieces, placed them on gently and glued them in perfect symmetry, so if everything he had felt was some stupid term created by a fucking Sweed…then yes, he would break. “Can I go home now?”
“You’re forgiven,” Greg said, smiling at John and quirking an eyebrow at Mycroft.
The detective kept his features soft as he knelt down in front of John, cupping the soft wet cheeks between his palms. “And then you came along, John. You saved me when I was at my lowest, you’re my angel. The angel of Baker Street,” Sherlock chuckled, trying to lighten the mood as he rubbed a few tears away and prepared to remove the gun from the teenager’s hand.
“Hello, John! So how was school today, other than you getting a hard on during class,” the deep voice on the other end of the phone chuckled slightly but John could sense he wasn’t being made fun of.
“The Submissive Resistance?” John asked, looking around the room cautiously. After everything that had just happened with Sherlock, he wouldn’t put it past the Dom to try and trap him in a faux coup.
The eldest Holmes stood up quickly, ready to do something worse than press the button. Suddenly, John felt something yank on the waist of pants hard enough to force him to fall back on the couch. “What the fuck!” He shouted at Sherlock, who looked rather unfazed by John’s tantrum, which made the teenager even more angry.
“Thank you,” was all John could think to say and closed the door.
I hope you enjoy and I would really love to hear your thoughts on this update(:
“Of course he can Lestrade, now tell him the deal,” his Dom spoke for him.
Deciding to try and make a little peace with John, or at least to get him more comfortable before the final experiment, Sherlock grabbed a cup and filled it with orange juice. This would be a perfect way to relax the fidgety vampire,
John's POV after chapter one. John has dinner. Sherlock's on the hunt.
“Alright,” she squeezed his leg reassuringly, “you’re on your own for now, but we will be in contact if any new developments arise.”
“Now, I know you are in pain, frustrated, angry, and confused at this whole situation, but I assure you, Sherlock and I are here to take care of you.” He grabbed John’s hand and gently helped him up until he was able to fit the crutch under his arm. “I will call Gregory. Why don’t you go take a bath while we wait for him? You still smell like hospital.”
“No,” Sherlock said quickly, “but I will be staying with him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I got my information from a six year old. It turns out there was nothing going on at all. I’m sorry, but you’ll just have to find another way to strike a blow.”
It sent a rush to his cock, feeling how small and helpless the boy was in his arms. Feeling the shallow breathing on his warm back, the half hard cock pressed up against his leg, even the warm breathes on his chest paved the way to his love for John. When the teenager had finally calmed, he held him out at arm’s length to catalog every single feature in the growing room for John in his mind palace. His thin chest, with just a hint of pectoral muscles coming in, his stomach was flat but with small definition from his football practices, instead of his hips going in they lined up perfectly with his broadening shoulders, his arms were a tad too long for his body still but well-toned, and finally what he had tried to hide from his Sherlock, a half hard cock with the tip just peeking out at him from the foreskin and fine blonde hairs just starting to cluster all around his drawn up testicles. He noted every single freckle and hair, stowing it away for safe keeping in the pent house sweet of his mind palace.
“Look what I got!” She squealed and dug into the waist band of her trousers. The little girl pulled out a large bar of chocolate that was missing a few squares.
“Stop thinking,” the deep voice rumbled and John could almost feel the vibrations through Sherlock’s hands as they dug a bit deeper into the tense muscles of his lower back. “Molly is taken care of and now all you have to do is relax.”
Hey everyone,
“Thank you. This way, John,” he motioned for them to follow. John didn’t move until he felt the firm tug, then, coming out of his thoughts, the teen trailed behind.
“Yes, you did an outstanding job, John. I’m very proud of you,” she said, but there was always something off in her voice. Something John couldn’t quite pinpoint, but he definitely knew it wasn’t like Sherlock’s.
“I’ll tell you, but I don’t want Jim to have any part of the Resistance. Let him go in front of the IBAD center where Greg Lestrade works, and I’ll tell you what you want to know.”
Sherlock sat there, in his own peace and quiet, relishing in the tingles vibrating through his body. “John!” he called to the vampire upstairs, “come put my pants on!”
Chapter 14 – Born to Lose
It felt nice, the water washing away the grim on his skin but his body still felt gross and tired. John watched as the red water flowed down into the drain and he could feel Sherlock behind him, thrusting into him as he saw his own blood float into the drain.
“What’s that?”
Mycroft and Greg stood behind John as they jogged down the hallway. “Oh no,” John said as they turned into Sherlock’s room. Peering inside the room, Mycroft saw a female nurse unconscious on the floor, and most worrisome of all, Sherlock’s bed was empty.
John rubbed his behind as he walked over, earning a sympathetic look from Greg.
John’s musing was cut off and his decision was made for him when Mycroft chimed in.
“I don’t care,” the boy chuckled and he could feel the warmth of tears soaking into the cotton over his chest. Sherlock smiled and wrapped his arms around the shaking body, pulling him tighter to him to let John know he didn’t mind the weight. “I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you,” John apologized, making Sherlock cringe, knowing he was the cause of the two steps back in making his boy blame himself for a burden that wasn’t his to bear.
John's neck hurts. Sherlock is a sexy perv. Greg is a pretty cool guy.
“But I compelled you, you shouldn’t even remember me,” John shouted this time, his anger rising. All he had tried to do was help, but he ended up exposing himself to a hunter.
“No, Harry,” John pulled his arm away. He needed to make them understand what life was like with a good Dom. He needed to make them understand why he was wrong and how he had steered them wrong. “You don’t understand. They’re taking care of me. I get three meals a day, showers, a soft bed, everything.”
“That’s enough, John,” Mycroft said, shaking his head at Sherlock. “I am your Dom and you are going to have to trust me.”
The worst part about the day was when John was at school and Lestrade had no cases for him. His mind began turning in on itself, attacking like a civil war was breaking out among his consciousness. To shut it off, he pulled up his favorite picture of the blonde boy, shimmied out of his trousers and started rubbing himself slowly. Filling his spastic mind up with pictures of himself over John, under him, spooning him, inside him, soaking up his innocent cries, and then in record time he came all over his hand groaning with a sated smile on his lips. His mind was calm.
“Thank you, John, thank you,” Jim cried, wrapping his skinny arms around John and sobbing into his chest.
“Yeah,” John said, rolling his eyes in a startling Sherlock like way, “I know that, but why? Dr. Magnussen said it was an, umm, abomination, or something like that. Why? I mean, it sucks, but I would have thought Doms would be all gung-ho for something like this.”
The next morning Sherlock woke up with a scowl on his face when the first thing he smelled was old come and sweat, but as soon as he remembered why, he grabbed his phone to see if his John was awake yet. He knew the boy had football tryouts today and he would either be the supportive shoulder to cry on if John didn’t make it or patting him on the back if he made the team. Either way, Sherlock would make sure to be a vital part in John’s big day.
“I know,” was all the detective said before lying his lover into bed and curling around him, protecting him from anybody who would try to hurt him. The warm body next to him was rigid for only ten point nine seconds and then melted into their spooning position with a sigh. He couldn’t help the promise that escaped his lips, “I’m never going to let you go.” John was the most euphoric drug he’d ever had and the best part was he never ran out of ‘John.’ Sure, the teenager wouldn’t understand at first, but that was okay because he had Sherlock to watch out for him now.
He focused on his receptor, picturing Sherlock petting it until bliss filled his body. “John, no!” Greg shouted at him when the young Sub ran into the house, feeling like he could conquer the world.
“Why are you so insistent on being bitten by a bloody vampire? Most people fear us. Hell, just look at all the media depicting us as monsters. And you know why, Sherlock? Because we are.” John knew all too well what kind of monster he could be.
“I have a question for John,” a woman asked enthusiastically.
Sherlock sat there for a long while, acting as a pillow for his John to rest on and recuperate from the hour’s trying events. Finally, he grabbed the phone out of his pocket and added Jim’s new number to the memory, praying he would never have to call for help again. The mobile vibrated slightly and Sherlock checked to make sure it hadn’t woken up John. Satisfied with the closed eyes and lax features, he checked the screen for the incoming text.
“I don’t believe that’s what she’s referring to,” a deep voice came from behind him. John froze, panicked in that moment as a thousand thoughts ran through his mind of what he was going to do. When he turned around, the man who helped Molly sow up her bear was looming over him and John came to the conclusion he had made a very bad decision. Through the back window, Jim was looking on, his eyes wide. He blinked once and then ran from view, leaving John and Molly alone with this freakishly tall Dom.
“He’s sleeping with you brother dear,” he said, his voice dripping with faux generosity. “In case he is in another biting mood, I do not wish to wake up with any of my appendages missing. You are responsible for feeding him, bathing him, and putting him to bed. I, however, will be responsible for punishment, seeing as you lack the ability to discipline young John here.”
“Boys!” a silky voice purred to them as they were ushered into a large office. There were no pictures on the walls and only a three tier plastic filer on the desk, along with a laptop and a few pens. The back of the chair was facing John, bringing a smile to the boy’s face when it reminded him of The Matrix.
“I’m not forcing you to eat at my feet, John,” Sherlock paused, “unless…that’s what you really want. Is it John? Is that what your little outburst was about, hmm?” Sherlock placed his nose just above the nerve on the back of John’s neck. The boy could feel and even sense the man’s smile behind him. “Perhaps you are not trying to convince us but yourself it didn’t feel good to be hand fed,” he picked up a piece of buttered bread and held it to John’s lips. Not sure what to do and tired of struggling against himself and the immovable vice around his waist, John gave in, taking the bread into his mouth. “See, nice, isn’t it?” Sherlock asked. John hoped he was talking about the food but he had a bad feeling the question had nothing to do with the bead.
John scooted a tad closer, placing a comforting hand on his husband’s shoulder. Realizing there was something deeper to Sherlock’s ear phobia, John dug deeper, “It’s like what?” Sherlock looked away, avoiding eye contact, “It’s just me Sherlock. Whatever it is, we can work it out, it’s all fine, remember?”
The coolness from John’s mouth mixed with the warmth of the blood flowing through Sherlock’s veins made him squirm in his seat like a teenage boy receiving his first blow job. “J-John,” he groaned, going almost completely lax in his seat. The thought of the two humans in the room floated to the back of Sherlock’s mind. His thirst for blood becoming a secondary need compared to what John’s mouth was doing to him.
His boy’s displeasure opened a door of opportunity and Sherlock took it with the swiftness of a snake striking its prey.
“Oh Sherlock, don’t be like that, I’m sure your Johnny is the most specialist of them all,” the grin on his face turned so wide it looked like a warped cartoon character.
I was in a really good mood these past couple of weeks, so here is a bit more fluff you everyone :) The next chapter will get down to business and start off a new plot twist, so enjoy this while it lasts. LoL.
“Mycroft,” John rasped, his throat feeling like sandpaper. He tried to reach for the cup of water on the side table, but was stopped by the excruciating pain in his shoulder. That’s when he noticed his entire chest and shoulder were covered in white gauze. “What…”
“He’s fine, John, just fine,” Mycroft said, a small smile coming to his face. “How are you feeling?”
“I am not like you. You treat yours like they are nothing but vessels for your pleasure, like they are nothing. I love John and I would do anything,” Sherlock sat forward in his chair, assuring the other man that ‘anything’ meant killing, “to protect him from the bad things in this world.”
Realizing even though John was a vital part of their overall mission, Irene still realized he was only sixteen years old and cut him some slack. “We believe Mycroft Holmes is having an explicit relationship with one of his subordinates. You need to find out if there is any validity to these allegations and if we can use it against him.”
“By ‘messed up’ you mean going to Oxford and inheriting more than you or I will ever see? Is that the kind of ‘messed up’ you are talking about, Lestrade?” Mycroft put emphasis on the term ‘messed up’ as it always frustrated him at how flippantly it was used and the meaning was too broad to have affect.
John nodded his head slightly, feeling exhaustion take over him. He’d been recruited by the Resistance, taken a woman hostage, jerked off, spanked, and now Sherlock was rubbing cream on his bum.
“What did you…is that a suppository?” The detective was still trying to come out of his blissful and horny state, not knowing whether he should be mad his husband tricked him, mad at himself for not seeing it coming, or proud and thankful that John did actually figure out a way to take care of him.
“Why did you lie to me? I think you should let me out now, please.”
“Mmhmm,” the teen answered, a small smile on his face as a sense of safety and contentment rolled over him in waves. Nothing really mattered, John was convincing himself of that fact with every sweep of his Dom’s hands.
“I think you owe Greg and Molly an apology for using that kind of language in front of them,” Mycroft hissed in his ear.
“F-Fuck you,” John was able to get out, his defiance weak from the pain and the humiliation that he was forced to put the collar on himself.
“To Mr. Moran of course,” he said. John didn’t stand a chance when the driver turned around and fired one dart into his torso.
Mycroft was already in the car when John climbed inside, and was then sandwiched by the Holmes brothers. “I see you two took your time,” Mycroft sighed and pinched his brow as he looked out the window.
Greg stared at him for a long moment, then turned his gaze to John. “He’s hungry. You need to get him something to drink before he drinks you, Sherlock.”
A voice in John’s head yelled but it didn’t sound like his own, it was deeper and smoother, Sherlock’s voice.
“You broke two ribs and your ankle was burned quite severely, John. I would say that is not ‘okay.’”
He slowly began working himself into hardness but stopped when he saw the boy duck his head, leaning on the shower wall. “What are you thinking? Of me? What you want me to do to you when we meet? Oh I promise John, it will be a night you will never forget, so don’t you worry. Sherlock will take care of everything.” His cock twitched at the thought of being inside the boy’s mind, he had the power to make John almost come in his pants even when he was in a different city. He would make his boy tell him everything they did together in his young imagination, what made him squeal and moan.
Enjoy!
“I want you to be happy, John,” was all the man said before he stepped back and held up his come covered hand for inspection. Sherlock held out the hand to John, giving a mischievous look, nudging it towards the boy’s lips.
Mycroft looked into his coffee as if trying to find an answer. The scowl on his face told John there wasn’t a good answer to be found. “John, people are going to ask you questions. Some will be rather vulgar, while some intrusive, but I need you to-“
Grunts filled the room as he came closer to the edge just from the smell and look of the boy below him. Finally, he gave a rough stoke, thrust his hips forward and came all over John’s chest, the white pearly strips matched perfectly with the lightly sun kissed skin under him. “Mine,” Sherlock panted as he massaged his seed into the teenager’s chest. Even going as far as to trace an ‘SH’ into the white liquid that made its home right over John’s heart. That’s where Sherlock was now and that’s where he would stay, “forever.”
“Let go of me!” John shouted, anger took him first at the fact someone was keeping him away from Sherlock but then fear dawned on him. ‘I told you there would be payment, didn’t I?’ he heard a voice, it was only an echo but it sent shivers up his spine nonetheless.
“I shot-“ Sherlock started.
“You’ll see.” Sherlock gestured for the driver to go as soon as Mycroft closed the door.
This chapter is quite psychologically disturbing, I think, and also has explicit material. I'm sure you have all come to expect those two things but I still like to put up a friendly warning because like I've said before my wish is to entertain (and even offer a warning) not upset or harm anyone.
John nodded slightly but it still didn’t matter, he would never hurt Sherlock and would do his best to- “Stop it, John!” Sherlock snapped, rolling him over on his back and straddling his hips, caging him in with his lanky body and strong arms as he hovered a few inches above the small boy. “You do not need to pretend to be happy or strong or brave or content or force anything you don’t feel when you’re with me…and you don’t need to protect me from your burdens because they are now mine to bear as well. All I want is you John, if you are sad, be sad and I will do my best to make you laugh. If you are lonely, be lonely and I will hold you, if you are cold, be cold and I will warm you, if you are hungry, be hungry and I will feed you. You, John, I want you, do not deny me of the real boy I love. Now, do not lie to me again, do you understand?”
When he got Archie home, Sherlock knew there was no time to lose. John would be home any minute and the scene had to be perfect if his brilliant boy was to be fooled. He carried the black haired boy upstairs, ignoring the grunts and whimpers coming from his lips. With no effort at all, Sherlock placed Archie down on the bed and began undressing him quickly and efficiently.
“John,” Mycroft chastised, but the normal venom wasn’t there. The Dom sighed, gripping his umbrella in one hand and the railing of the bed in the other, his knuckles turning white. “I need to apologize for what happened back there.”
“Easy, John,” a man said, though John hadn’t seen anyone in the room with him. Looking around, John saw that he was in a hospital room once again, with his gown open wide to expose the white plaster and gauze wrapped around his ribs. Thankfully, there was a blanket covering his lower half, save for his left ankle, which was also covered in white bandages. Finally, John settled on the man sitting in a chair at the end of his bed.
Chapter 6 – Unsustainable
It tasted nowhere near as good as the stuff that came right out of a human body. The blood, which was usually rich with flavor, seemed bland and watered down. But, it did the job, and Sherlock felt the pain left on his skin from the sunlight disappear. Sherlock sighed and curled up next to John’s thigh, a drip of blood still clinging to his lips.
John hesitated, his fingers frozen on the keyboard. This was the first contact he’d had with anybody except for Sherlock and the one visit from Mycroft.
“You’re different, calm, plus you won’t bite me…unless I make you of course.” A devilish smile came to Sherlock’s lips. “Speaking of, are you hungry yet?”
“Get undressed,” the voice said and John’s eyes traveled from the bobbing Adam’s apple all the way down a pale lightly haired chest, to a taught stomach and then to a darker trail of hair leading down to…
“Would you let me come in you John?” was the last thing John heard before Sherlock saw the young body stiffen at his words.
“You like that,” Sherlock said, rather than asked, because it was obvious John was enjoying what was happening. He loved this; loved being able to give his boy pleasure and take away the hurt from the world. It was what he was there for, and he did his job gloriously.
Thank you for all of the kudos and comments, I really appreciate all the feedback. This fic is still dark and only getting darker, so I'm going to say this at the beginning of each fic...if your are easily offended or upset by pedophilia and online predators, please do not read this fic.
“Everything is going to be okay, John, I promise,” he tried to reassure the boy, rubbing slow circles on his back. “Someone is going to take you home,” then, a brilliant idea hit him to boost John’s spirits a bit, but to also give himself more time to act out his plan, “and hey,” he held John back out at arm’s length, “why don’t you have them stop at the store so you can pick up some groceries for the week.” Sherlock smiled but John seemed unconvinced.
Sherlock continued to stare at the picture of the normal looking man.
Sherlock mumbled to himself as he opened the door, letting the warm salty air envelope him. The sun tingled and heated his skin as he sat down on what seemed to be some sort of hammock chair. Mycroft had chosen a condominium right next to the ocean and Sherlock watched the white sand as it was darkened by the waves coming in at high tide, taking some out to sea but leaving others to pack deeper and darker on the shore. The sound of the surf crashing was so loud, too loud, causing Sherlock to cover his ears until he was able to dive into his mind palace, taking solace in the only quiet room he knew existed, and tuned out the rest of the world.
“Of course I do…and he love me too, Detective Inspector,” he heard himself say, a hint of annoyance in his voice.
He was still sitting on the couch from the night before with his white release staining his shirt and John’s pants. Sherlock brought them up to his nose and cherished how his scent and his boys were now mingled together on the piece of material.
“I’m tired of this cold stuff,” Sherlock huffed, letting his childish nature get the better of him. He let his canines drop and pierced the bag, sucking in the cold but sustaining liquid. He was less tired now as his body was slowly learning how to digest the blood and use it efficiently to keep him strong.
Before he could say anything regarding how ridiculous this was, not to mention how embarrassing, Sherlock began rubbing soap over his chest and shoulders. It seemed as if someone had pulled the plug from his body, letting all the pain in his arm, his ankle, his heart, and his mind drain out into the calming water. Thoughts floated by now and again trying to bring up bad memories of things that John was trying so hard to forget. “This is how it should be,” Sherlock’s voice brought him back to the present, where the man had started rubbing soap onto his lower belly. “You don’t have to worry about anything anymore, John. Doesn’t that sound nice?”
“This collar is the way to a peaceful revolution, not giving false hope to Subs and angering Doms in the process.”
The car pulled over and Mycroft opened his door. John crawled out on his hands and knees, landing in snowy grass that chilled his knees through the thin hospital gown. He only got a few paces away before he threw up for a good while. Sherlock had come around the car and knelt down by him, rubbing a comforting hand down his back. “That’s it, let it out,” the Dom kept repeating.
“W-what? I don’t understand,” John whispered pulling back slightly.
“You, John, he wants you.
The inner battle of wanting to please his sire, wanting to follow every word John said and the undying thirst for blood was making Sherlock’s brain hurt. A small whine came from his throat, followed by a few light growls at Mycroft.
“We are running pretty low on canned fruit so I’ll get whatever I can,” her voice turned into a whisper as they reached the first mansion. There were no lights on inside and the yard was full of bushes and weird fountains with stone babies peeing and spitting out water, making their advance easier than most.
Not for the first time and not for the last, Sherlock woke up hungry enough to drain an entire elephant. If animal blood would satisfy his hunger, he would have, but the first time Sherlock almost jumped out the window to chase a deer, John had told him its blood possessed no nourishing qualities for vampires – though John did enjoy his venison on the rare side.
“No, that’s not it,” Sherlock scratched his chin thoughtfully, “perhaps a defense mechanism of sorts. Interesting.”
When John drank from him, it was the most sensual, fulfilling feeling in the entire world. The slight suction and draw of blood pulled on Sherlock from the inside, making him shiver just recalling it. There was a lightness, a floating feeling as he lay there and let John drink from him and hump him until the vampire was done.
“We’re almost there. Mr. Holmes gave orders to take you to the mart before 221,” the driver told him, breaking John’s train of thought.
“Sher,” Molly giggled when the tall Dom picked her up. She cupped her hand next to Sherlock ear and leaned in, telling the man a secret. He dutifully nodded his head, a serious expression on his face. John couldn’t help but grin. It was amazing to see Sherlock completely change gears for the sake of the little Sub.
“Shhh, this is a cock ring. Do you know what that means?” John couldn’t help the whine and slight thrust of his hips as Sherlock slowly stroked over the smooth sensitive skin on his hip bone. “It won’t hurt you, I promise, see I put one on too,” John pried his mournful eyes away from his own need and looked at the engorged cock, with a red ring at the base, sticking out from a nest of shiny black hairs. “You know how you get that tingly feeling when you fall asleep on your arm or you get your blood pressure taken? Well that’s what this does,” John’s hips jumped of the bed when Sherlock rubbed his fingers over the red tip of his cock.
. “John,” he whispered again and kissed away a few of the stray tears before they left dark navy splotches on the light blue pillow case.
“My little soldier all put back together again,” Sherlock pulled him up, forcing them chest to chest as John placed his arms around the man’s neck and his knees sat on the bottom of the tub. “Just for me,” he felt Sherlock’s cock slowly slip in, stretching painfully and making him grip the wavy brown hair tightly with his good hand and loosely with his recovering one. “All for me,” he heard again when he felt his arse come into contact with Sherlock’s thighs, meaning he was fully seated on the man.
“Yes, I, umm, my Dom was shot and well…I haven’t seen him in a while, and…” John looked down, trying to act bashful even though he was giving himself a high-five for his amazing acting performance.
“Don’t bring her into this,” Sherlock growled.
I wanted to give you all an early update this week. I'm going to try and get another chapter up by Sunday or Monday, so you can have two for the week.
Chapter 2 – Where to Now, St. Peter?
Sherlock began moving slowly forwards and back along John’s angry cock. “Even when you think it’s your responsibility,” he sped up, practically bruising the boy’s hip bones, “it’s not, it’s mine now, John, it’s mine. You. Are. Mine.” John felt himself coiling tighter, his bullocks rising up as he watched Sherlock’s head moving closer and back, closer and back in tandem with the pleasure in his groin. “Come in me, John, it’s not yours anymore, it’s mine,” Sherlock growled and shoved himself all the way down, engulfing John’s cock completely, bringing a shout from the boy. Then, John came harder than he’d ever done before, feeling himself spasm against the tight walls as his seed flowed in the back down onto his thighs. It was as if all his worries had shot deep into Sherlock and were now coming back out, cleansed and sated as they should be.
John's POV directly after the events of the last chapter. The teenager can't get Sherlock out of his head and comes to a decision that could change his life forever.
If anyone is interested, I have two other series and I'm also in the process of writing a novel. So, if you are interested in reading it, please sub to my AO3 account or I'm on tumblr if you care to sub there for updates. http://nightfall24.tumblr.com/
“He doesn’t want me, John,” Sherlock looked at him, no longer just a hint of fear though, now there was a world of terror radiating from the man’s body. “He’s jealous and wants what I have.”
“This is what inevitably happens to Subs with RDD, John. If they don’t have someone who is willing to take care of them, then they are sent here. They can’t be put to work, because they don’t follow orders. They-”
Greg fell asleep as plots and schemes of how to take down Mycroft and Sherlock filled his mind.
Chapter 4 – Shaky Ground
“John,” Sherlock said, placing a hand in the middle of the Sub’s back. “I’m not mad, neither is Mycroft. We know what kind of pressure you’re under and I’m sure Irene was pretty persuasive in her little sales speech-”
After a long pause, John turned his head to look at him and Sherlock worried if he exhaled too hard he might break the fragile boy into a million unmarked pieces. “Please…” the teenager sobbed, squeezing his eyes closed, forcing the pooling tears to run down his cheeks. “Please…”
When he was finished, John let out a sigh and wiped away the tears in his eyes. “Better?” Mycroft asked when both John and Sherlock crawled back inside.
There were a few clicks, then the front door slowly creeped open, allowing the sunlight to flow into the living room. John skirted around the edge of the room, planning his first move. In the end, he thought it was best to make a bold statement to all those who dared to enter his nest. So, when the first hunter stepped through the doorway, John grabbed the woman by the shoulders and threw her across the room. His vampire was satisfied with the crunch her neck made upon impact.
John pushed past the insignificant human barriers to get where he belonged.
“Hello John, you don’t have to be afraid of me,” Mycroft gave a tight smile, which Sherlock was sure he meant to be warm and comforting. “I just wanted to make sure you were settling in okay. Sherlock told me about your broken wrist and leg,” Mycroft gave his younger brother a look that said ‘what the hell happened’ but Sherlock only smiled and hugged John tighter to him.
“Fine,” John rolled his eyes but squatted down and snuck into the quiet house without another word. As he made his way through the kitchen and into the living room, John could see the people running around frantically through the window. He smiled despite himself and kept moving, trying to figure out where they would keep her.
“Where is he?” was the first thing Sherlock asked. It had been a tedious flight from the Ukraine but he had finally exposed the last child pornography ring that was in Moriarty’s dying web. It had been five years, five long years of hunting down cruel, despicable men who used boys and girls like they were nothing but objects to make money. Sherlock was running out of places in his dungeon for everything he had seen, and with nothing, no John to calm the maelstrom brewing inside, the detective was crumbling to keep the darkness at bay until his boy could fight them off.
Grabbing the man’s neck, John held him up, his eyes rolling back and truing to black coals and his teeth extending. “Now who’s brilliant,” John growled, using his other hand to pin Sherlock’s. He didn’t, however, see the needle out of the corner of his eye.
His canines extended and began leaking a deadening agent that would numb the area on the man’s neck as soon as the skin was broken. Taking a deep whiff of the delicious smelling human in front of him, John listened to the blood pumping through his veins. He opened his mouth wide, and with lightning speed, John struck. Digging his teeth deep into the human’s neck, John punctured the carotid artery and began to drink deeply.
Black tar seeped through his veins like lava.
John smiled slightly, remembering when he tried to stab Sherlock, twice. At that time he was so frightened, John thought he might have done anything if it meant his freedom. Now though, he sat perched on his Dom’s lap, bound and obedient.
“John,” Sherlock’s smile was gone and he squirmed uselessly in John’s grasp. “John wait,” he said, but it was too late. Drool fell from John’s mouth landing on the pale neck, numbing the area. A growl came from somewhere deep inside him when he heard his prey whimper. After a moment of looking down into panicked eyes, John struck with the force of a shot gun.
“Don’t you remember what happened when I left you in a room without me the last two time?” Sherlock asked, standing up and taking a step towards John. “I believe the first time you punched a hole in the wall, yes?” He continued walking around the bed towards John, who, for all his bravery, took two steps back. “And the second time, you flat lined for thirty second after a maniac tried to rip your spine out, John.” Sherlock was standing only a foot away now, his warm breath causing the slight fringe of the Sub’s hair to flutter. “So no, John, I am not going to leave the room. What I will do, though, is help you get dressed before you injure yourself even further.”
Magnusson was as ominous as ever, examining the room with a cool gaze that betrayed nothing. Greg had met him a few times, all through Mycroft, who was another of the League’s board members. Mycroft had described him as a genius manipulator, who he would never go against if he had a choice. Looking at him now, Greg understood why.
“Who are you talking to John,” came his mother’s voice from across the table. He laid his phone down, shoving a big piece of toast in his mouth and standing up to put his dish away.
“John?” Sherlock called from just outside the door, “do you need some help?” The voice asked in a sultry tone. The Detective was insatiable, even with John being so young it was crazy how quick Sherlock wanted more, always more. Sometimes, when Sherlock would make him come so intensely or when he kissed him too deeply, John felt as if the man was sucking the life right out of him, as if he was some kind of succubus. Sherlock seemed to not only want to drain his will to escape but also, there was something deeper that the man wanted from him; his soul perhaps.
“Good, because now that I have you, I won’t let anything, not even my brother, take you away.” He said, a fierceness in his eyes that John had never seen before. He thought Sherlock was okay, he never really hurt John, but the man still held him captive. And there was something wrong with a man who said ‘because now that I have you, I won’t let anything take you away.’
“Welcome everyone,” Mycroft spoke into the microphone in front of him. “As you know, our scientists have been working on a way to aid Subs with RDD for the past two years. Just within the last month, we have made giant leaps and have finally discovered a solution. We will have a demonstration for you after the Q and A portion. Without further ado, we will now be taking your questions.
Thanks for all the comments and kudos for the first chapter, I really appreciate it. Also, a special thanks to TPurr for using her awesome beta skills on this chapter.
Sherlock actually gulped looking into those furious blue eyes, knowing his brother meant every word. “I promise,” he said and meant it because if he could trust anyone to help him protect his John, it was Mycroft. The finger was removed from his chest with a nod as Mycroft opened the front door to leave.
“How could you tell,” the boy laughed and had now put his hand under the elastic of his trousers rubbing himself in earnest.
Enjoy!
“Hmm, interesting,” was all John received in return to his raging,
The older man stopped, looked from John, to the younger man, and then to the door. “John, go sit on the couch. Sit. Do not move. Do not speak. Now.” The command was like a giant blanket being thrown over John’s entire body. An unfamiliar warmth spread over him, making his vision blurry and his legs jelly until thankfully the weight was removed and he was sitting on the couch, slack jawed and eyes half-mast. He was vaguely aware of someone, Molly maybe, sitting next to him but it didn’t really matter, nothing mattered as long as he sat on the couch, didn’t move, and didn’t speak. There were voices behind him, three or four, but again there was no need to worry.
“Okay,” John said, turning on autopilot so he didn’t have to face what he was feeling right now.
“And to be able to carry out first Jim Moriarty, and then your Dom who is a fully grown man…well, that seems a little unbelievable. So, I’m going to ask the question everyone wants to know the answer to. How?”
As if his arm was on a string, John reached out and grabbed the business card, which strangely felt like a lead weight in his hand. He quickly shoved it into his pocket before it burned a hole into his skin. “T-Thanks. I umm, I have to go.”
Chapter 16 – Burning Bridges (Pt. 1)
He pulled up his trousers, leaving the rest of the clothes to try on in the room, and went back into the store to find what Sherlock recommended. Coming upon a row of pants, John walked down the aisle until he found a shorter version of the briefs he wanted, pulling off a red, black, and purple pair, then running back to the changing room. Once there he took off his shirt, trousers, and pants, John shimmied into the purple boxer briefs, posing in the mirror. Just like before, his self-esteem dropped when he saw himself in the mirror and was even worse this time because he didn’t have his shirt on.
John panted as both relief and dread set on his shoulders. He had just come harder than he’d ever remembered while thinking about a Dom who put a muzzle on him. “I fucking said his name,” John whispered to himself, cupping his hand to collect water and wash off the wall. John closed his eyes, trying desperately to get those lust filled thoughts out of his mind. He wanted Sherlock, he wanted him so badly, but the only problem was that he was supposed to hate his guts.
“Is that all you know how to say, you bloody arse-“
“Just breathe and stay calm, John,” Sherlock whispered to him before he opened up the door to reveal a massive room. There were at least two hundred white chairs in rows leading up to a large table with a red cloth hanging over it and seven chairs behind it.
Just a warning, this chapter has some explicit material at the end but nothing as bad as the first part of the series.
“I-I’m trying, I’m sorry, please just slow down,” John had become fully hard in his hand now that he was finally listening to the older man’s instruction. Rewarding him for finally listening and giving in, Sherlock pulled him into a deep kiss.
“I will not harm Mary,”
John’s mouth opened to spit out some filthy retort about what Sherlock could go do to himself, but he stopped himself when the look in the man’s eyes was…well, honest. John had proof that the Dom had no issues with dropping him, even against his will. John’s nostrils flared, but when Sherlock took a step towards him, John quickly jumped into the shower, hospital gown and pants be damned.
The boy nodded his head, watching as the tears hit the carpet.
“No fucking way!” John laughed, but he was cut short when Mycroft pressed the button to activate his collar. “Ahhh!” he screamed and clutched at his neck. When the pain had receded some, John looked up to see both Doms staring at him expectantly.
John was lost for now. The vampire was not only going into a healing sleep, he was surrounded by six hunters; some of which Greg had worked with personally and could attest to their skills in taking down vampires.
Finally, after what seemed like forever of walking on the sun, Mycroft unlocked the door and ushered everyone in. “Hold on, hold on,” Mycroft said, “don’t take your sheets off just yet. Greg and I are going to block the windows.”
“I’m never eating Rocky Road again,” John pouted, wiping his mouth.
John laughed, relieved he hadn’t done anything to upset Sherlock, and tried to kick him with his newly freed foot. It didn’t hurt when it made contact with the man’s shoulder but it felt very weak and sore. “Ah ah, none of that,” Sherlock walked over and picked him up. Instead of flinching, John put his good arm out and tried to lift his other to wrap around the man’s neck as he was carried safely to the bathroom. “You are still going to be a little sore and your muscles are going to be weak until we get them back to normal. Don’t worry, I have a few fun ways to move that process right along,” John felt a sharp nip at his ear, causing his cock to automatically stir as if it was conditioned to every touch from Sherlock. “I think we’ll stop the painkillers for now but if you feel strange at all, let me know and I’ll take care of it, yeah?” John nodded against the warm chest as he felt his feet touch down on the tile floor. “Here, hold onto the wall for a second and try to stand while I undress you.”
Enjoy!
“You’re a…you’re a…” Greg stuttered, seeing the ashen skin of a vampire.
“Wha-”
Sherlock did have an ulterior motive other than dampening down John’s pain, of course, but that was neither here nor there when both parties benefited greatly. Every sound John made during their love making was exquisite; his moans were the balm of Gilead, his cries the dew of Hermon, and when Sherlock’s name fell upon his lips…it was the goblet of life itself, and Sherlock drank every drop from his saving grace’s soul when their bodies became one. It was like floating on a cloud and Sherlock knew once John let go of his little boy notions of what was right and wrong, he would experience the same thing.
“Yes, yes I did just spank you because I’ve told you repeatedly I will not tolerate your self-depreciating behavior.” He stroked gently over the spot he’s smacked and began kissing down the boys neck again, dulling the pain in John’s thigh. “And obviously you don’t listen when I tell you how beautiful and precious you are,” he made his way down to John’s pants, causing the boy to close his eyes and bite his lip when he pulled the last stitch of clothing from his body. “And apparently, my lack of self-control when it comes to touching and tasting your exquisite body is not getting through to you.” John watched as his cock twitched when Sherlock nuzzled and kissed at it with lustful eyes. He almost shot out of the bed when he felt wet warm heat envelope his bullocks and he clenched his fists into the sheets when Sherlock started sucking slowly. The man stopped momentarily, “so, it seems to me discipline is the only way you are going to learn your self-worth, John…well, that and me fucking you senseless.”
“Once we receive your signal,” Sherlock chimed in, stepping up behind John and swatting his fiddling hands away from the bandage, “we will be there in less than five minutes.”
John finally pulled off, leaving Sherlock lying boneless on the bed. It was time. John flipped Sherlock over, petting his back to calm the wild animal before it was taken to slaughter. Slowly, he worked his hands down to Sherlock’s arse. John licked his finger, getting slick saliva and the numbing agent all over his pointer finger. As he pressed his finger against the puckered hole, Sherlock jumped and threw his hands back.
As they entered the house, John thanked the Gods that these rich bastards were too smug to even have a security system. Assuming they were safe because they lived up on the hill was their greatest weakness and John would take advantage of ever opening he could find to keep the others safe and fed. Harry went straight for the kitchen, tote in hand, while John, Molly, and Jim headed upstairs to find what they were looking for.
“Harry, is that you?” John called, walking farther into the mess to find his sister.
Pulling out his phone, only to notice it was John’s lunch period already, Sherlock dried his hands on a flannel and began typing rapidly.
“Not the muzzle, please not the muzzle,” John begged again, feeling that one bite churn in his stomach.
“Your posturing is terrifying, John, but now it is time to finish lunch,” Sherlock rolled his eyes and wrapped a strong arm across the Sub’s chest. John was lifted into the air, his feet kicking as they left the ground, and hoisted into the chair. Except, instead of wood below him, Sherlock’s bony thighs were digging into his arse. John wiggled on the man’s lap, pushing at the firm hand around his waist. When he had bit Mycroft’s hand, this was definitely not the outcome John was thinking of. “Calm down. It is only food,” Sherlock said. The man didn’t even have the grace to sound winded from holding the struggling boy on his lap.
“Normal,” Greg sighed again, draining his glass and accepting when Mycroft offered more.
--http://www.mtslash.com/thread-112863-1-1.html
“For right now, yes, and she will continue to be cared for unless you decide to run. Running,” Mycroft said, standing up from his chair and slowly walking over towards John, “is the only infraction, which will ruin young Molly’s chance at a comfortable life with kind Doms to take care of her. I want you to be honest John, no more manipulating or ‘playing’ submissive to work your way out of punishment. Your full cooperation is necessary if the results of this experiment are going to be accurate. Now, do I need to make a call and tell my people to send Molly to the auction house? I’m sure someone would love to have such a sweet-“
“Now why would I want to do that, when I’ve got my delicious looking Doctor all wrapped up for me?” Sherlock asked, his eye growing wide. He Slowly walked over to John, his robe swishing behind him, which John soon realized was the only thing Sherlock was wearing. He placed his cheek against John’s bare thigh and rubbed his slight stubble against the soft white flesh. “You smell so good John,” he said, lowering his head and sniffing at John’s crotch.
John nodded, trying to form ‘fuck you’ around the soap but it only came out as a garble and made some of the suds slid down his throat when he swallowed. “Good, then assume the position over in the corner where I can keep an eye on you while I finish up some paper work. Once I think you’ve had enough I will offer you my comfort and remember,” Mycroft put a heavy hand on John’s shoulder, giving him a fake sympathetic smile, “all you have to do is accept it. If not, however, then you will continue to stand in the corner without relief.” John bared his teeth around the soap, both from trying to act angry and to get his lips away from the suds, which were now burning his mouth slightly. “I will not tell you again,” the Dom warned and John finally gave up, reasoning that the punishment could have been a lot worse. For some strange reason though, he thought it would be easier to go up against a whip or paddle then to be left alone in the corner with his thoughts turning on themselves.
Again, it took another hour and a half to get back to Baker Street, while Sherlock flipped between the three camera images, looking over John’s room with a fine tooth comb. Once he made his way up the stairs to 221B, changed into his robe and pajama trousers, made a cup of tea, and synced the camera feeds to his laptop to see all three views at once, it was five minutes past eight. No sooner had he looked at the clock, a teenage boy was walking into view on the laptop screen.
“Good,” Sherlock gave him one last kiss on the forehead and then headed downstairs. Without much else to do, John brushed his teeth, shaved, and then threw on a pair of loose fitting pants and black shirt before he too, went down stairs to start the day.
“Come along, Sherlock. We need to get you checked out.” Mycroft practically carried his brother into the hospital unit. With his ranking, Mycroft was able to get a private room and request a doctor who he knew would be discrete about his findings.
“I am not-” John tried again, but was cut off by Sherlock this time.
“Hmmm, interesting,” the man said, his eyes twinkled a bit as John continued to shout curse words and warning at him.
“See you tomorrow.”
“But…” John thought for a moment. It wasn’t right, it wasn’t the collar, it was the bliss that he created that helped him get Sherlock to safety. They were asking him to lie, and for what? To sell their little collars.
“Good. Now, Anthea, please continue.” He motioned to the woman who stared at John a moment longer, then focused her attention back on the paper.
“I can’t help it! Please!” the vampire began to struggle even more, causing the twine to push into his skin.
John furrowed his brown and flared his nostrils, but stayed silent with his arms crossed over his chest. Mycroft wanted to punish him, but it seemed like Sherlock didn’t and maybe, just maybe John could use that to his advantage. After all, he was a superspy and superspies don’t get punished.
As the adrenaline from his dream started to wear off, John went against his vampire’s judgement and released the hunter. Greg immediately collapsed to the ground, gasping for much needed air. “How did they find us?” John demanded. If his senses were correct, which they always were, the League where a quarter of a kilometer away and closing fast.
“Oh, don’t worry about that, my little Doctor,” Sherlock smiled at him, sending uncontrollable warmth down his spine and appendages. John never understood how Sherlock had such an effect over his mind and body. He knew why, of course, but the how was far above anything John could comprehend, let alone fight against. It was as if Sherlock had made him just as dependent on him, as the Detective was on John. It was unsettling to say the least, but the sensations John felt threw a large wool blanket over those worries whenever Sherlock was around. That was always the rub though as John needed to be away from Sherlock to let the fog clear so his mind could come up with a solid escape plan; however, Sherlock never left him alone for more than five minutes at a time.
“Mmhmm,” John nodded to the best of his ability, which was more of a head roll, but Sherlock got the idea and put him back on the floor.
“Fine,”
“No need to get riled up, John,” Mycroft said, putting a hand on the boy’s thigh, grounding him.
John watched the tall man smile, as if the boy’s actions were amusing him somehow. He slowly made it around the table, keeping the ginger haired man’s gaze until he felt like the receptor on his neck would catch fire.
“What’s that?” Sherlock asked, going down to help John up. He put his hands under the teen’s armpits and lifted him up with a grunt.
“Why not?”
When the young vampire was good and handed over the bag without a fuss, John would reward him by pulling down Sherlock’s trousers and slowly sucking on his cock until he came with a cry, arching his back and spurting into his sire’s mouth. Then, John would feed him the rest of the bag after he’d come down from his orgasm. If Sherlock was bad and tried to be greedy with his blood, John would simply plant a gentle kiss on his cheek and walk off with the blood. Sherlock wouldn’t get to feed for another hour as punishment.
“Mmm, yes, I actually decided to keep John as my Sub although we haven’t been able to locate the other rogues,” Mycroft said, turning his head towards John who knew he was a pathetic picture, which was possibly why he wasn’t told to turn back around. Drool was already starting to drip out of his mouth again as the Sub stared wide-eyed at the two Doms glaring at him from their spot at the door. “Sherlock has been studying Receptor Deficiency Disorder for a while now and young John here has just that, making a perfect Sub for both of us.”
Sherlock lifted his leg over John’s back, stepping gracefully onto the floor and then wondering off to grab a first aid kit and whatever else he needed to fix what he did to the boy’s back. John accepted it and was learning to love it; the pain and then soft caresses until he fell peacefully asleep in warm arms. As far as cages went, this one wasn’t too bad when John allowed his thoughts to stay superficial and avoid those dark memories of bridges and bathtubs…of escapes.
Before John could get out anymore words, he was propelled backwards by a huge net being shot at him. It was ghost twine, John knew, from the way it clung to his skin, keeping even his superior strength at bay. He struggled, but made sure to keep his teeth in check and his growling to a minimum. The situation was still confusing, and John didn’t want to give away all his cards too quickly.
Sherlock went over to the soft leather couch in the study and laid down flat on his back, his eyes closed as he inhaled deeply, his mind calming and the waves dying. A warm weight pressed over his body, the smell of John’s sweet hair filled his nose when the boy came running into the room giggling and curled up on top of him.
Thanks again to the lovely TPurr for being a kickass Beta :)
The conference does not go as expected.
“Sherlock,” John whispered into the warm chest, tightening his arms around the man’s waist.
Enjoy!
“The others will be taken and collared. We can use them as a test group and bring them to the expo.”
“Of course, Sir, Dr. Magnussen is ready for you in exam room three. I’m assuming you will accompany your Sub?”
John laughed. “Ha! Entertain what delusions you will, Sherlock, but killing is killing. Now either kill me or let me go, but I will not play these games with you.”
The past month had been the most beautiful, fulfilling, and calming time Sherlock had ever experienced. John’s eyes told him any good memories of his life before were gone, only bad or none at all reminded the boy of why it was best he stay at Baker Street. That is why Sherlock had decided to take off the casts, although it could have been done weeks ago, he still wasn’t positive his boy wouldn’t try to run. When John said the only reason he wanted the cast off was so he could touch him during their love making though, that tipped the scale and Sherlock decided it was time to open the cage door and see if his little bird would stay. There was no doubt in his mind, however, the physical and mental…persuasion he’d put John through ensured they would be together forever.
Tingles spread through his skin, dulling the constant ache in his skull, and even bringing a smile to his face.
“Don’t stop,” John told him in a groggy voice. That’s when Sherlock realized the best way to help his boy through the pain. If he could create enough endorphins running through John’s body, then maybe it would take away some of the pain he had caused.
“Shhh, don’t cry John,” Sherlock cooed, petting a hand through John’s sweaty matted hair. “This is for your own good. I promise you won’t feel a thing. Have I ever lied to you?” He smiled again, running his hand down the bobbing Adam’s apple, stroking it gently, then straightening back up to grab a small plastic mask. “Do you know what a cordectomy is, John? No? Well I’ll tell you,” he brought the mask over to the teenager who was still struggling wildly for any leverage. “It’s the removal of all or part of the vocal cords,” he placed the mask over John’s nose, stoking over his hair again. Soft humming was coming from the deranged man as he pulled out a glass bottle of Iodine and began applying it generously over John’s throat.
“M-Mycorft…” John stuttered, having second thoughts about calling the brother of the man who was in prison because of him.
“John,” he pulled the boy back far enough so they could look each other in the eye but their legs and arms were still tangled together, forming what looked like pale Wisteria vines creeping up the bed. “I want you to listen to me very carefully. What I’m about to tell you might upset you but I want you to know it is the truth. I have one condition,” Sherlock used his thumb to wipe away a stray tear on the soft cheek, “you are not allowed to say anything or leave until I’m done talking, do you understand?”
“Get those restraints off him, now!” Irene ordered, throwing a box knife at Daniel, who caught it and began cutting the leather cuffs immediately.
“Of course he can. John,” Sherlock sat down and scooted his chair back, “come.”
Slowly, John worked Sherlock’s hardness into his mouth. As he moved his head up and down, cold hands worked their way over Sherlock’s inner thighs and flank. Somehow, John knew exactly where Sherlock was most sensitive. And he took advantage of it.
“Good morning, Anthea, thank you for coming. I wanted to go over the conference schedule with both Sherlock and John.”
“What, what’s wrong?” Mycroft finally made his way to the front door.
John snickered to himself, but halted all sound when he came upon room 237.
“I have some scones!” Sherlock cheered and pulled out two plates, placing the larger blueberry pastry in front of John. “Eat up, I’ll pour you some milk.” He went over to the fridge and as soon as he opened it, something foul smelling hit John’s nose, making him scrunch up his face.
The sound of two heart beats and the thumping of the tires on the road were soothing enough for Sherlock to close his eyes. “It’s okay, Sherlock. You’re going to be okay,” John said quietly, running a hand through Sherlock’s hair. His body felt so tired now. Sherlock finally drifted off to sleep, knowing his sire was there to take care of him.
John found out why he got his own chair when pain shot through his bum at first contact. “Ow!” John yelped and stood up quickly.
As if releasing the gates, a stampede of men and women began flooding the main hall, and slowly making their way to the three men.
“Calm down, John. We’re here to help you, free you. We’ll take you to Irene, she’ll explain everything.”
Then, there was warmth on his chest, accompanied by a pin point of light, like a small star that had survived the black hole, shining just for the sake of shining. It came from the room he had dedicated to John. “Sherlock, I’m here. I won’t leave you, I promise,” the beautiful voice that rivaled any concerto or sonata broke through the airless soundless black hole that had imprisoned him with his own fear and sickness. “Please, I’m sorry, we can do whatever you want Sherlock, whatever you want, I promise,” it was John, his John’s voice that called to him, bringing him back from the depths of his mind. At that moment, that one single moment as he lay motionless and weightless, Sherlock realized it wasn’t he who had saved John from the monsters, but John who was saving him.
“Well then, you heard the Queen, John, off to the kitchen,” Sherlock smirked like a mischievous child. John grinned back, chuckling a few times until the reverberation hurt his neck.
Sherlock hailed a cab and made his way to their meeting spot and began texting another contact.
“Alright,” John nodded. “Let’s get things set up then, shall way?”
Hope you enjoy the chapter :)
“I…” John looked down and away from Mycroft, apparently ashamed of his actions. “I let him drink my blood. He’s…He’s changing into one of me. I’m sorry, Mycroft, I truly am.”
“Yeah, right,” he barked out a laugh, then locked himself in the bathroom. He would give the boy five minutes before he went to check on him. It was important for teenagers to have their time alone, at least that’s what the internet said, and Sherlock could respect that, for now. After all, John came to him, not the other way around, which made the boy his to care for. This little private time proved to the older man that indeed, John was still a child and because of that, the boy had no idea what he wanted. Lucky for him though, his Sherlock knew exactly what the boy needed and would give it willingly, over and over again.
“Accident?” Greg asked, narrowing his eyes, which painfully pulled on the stitches in his scalp.
Sherlock knew any of those would be fine, but the fact that John went straight to someone else and not him, well, that was just unacceptable.
“Yea,” John said, another smile tugging at his lips. Sherlock leaned in to kiss him, so John could taste the sweet honey that his body craved for five years.
“Guess what I just found out?” Sherlock said, an air of smugness floating off him. He was the first to discover the secrets of the vampires, and now he was about to explode with excitement if he didn’t tell someone. No scientist had ever had a live subject to work with before. When vampires died, they turned to ash, which wasn’t the best form to study them in. But now, Sherlock had one delicious beast tied up for the taking.
“Yes, as I said, you need not worry yourself unless there is need for immediate interference, which, in seeing how Sherlock interacts with John, I do not foresee any problems that cannot be taken care of with a simple signature,”
Sherlock thought to himself. John was on an endorphin high right now and even finding out his new best friend wasn’t really seventeen couldn’t upset him.
“Yes sir, actually there has already been a call made to 999 reporting gun shots heard and Lestrade is on the line. Would you like to speak to him now?”
The boy looked surprisingly more shaken than the detective had anticipated. No problem. Quickly, Sherlock changed to another scenario and reached out to grab John’s chin. “John, look at me. Please tell me what’s wrong.” For a moment, he thought the boy was going to break down right in front of him, which wouldn’t be the worst thing that could happen and Sherlock might enjoy putting the pieced back right where he wanted them. We’re mates, best mates, and I want you to know you can tell me anything.”
They ate in peace, with Molly asking six year old philosophical questions and laughing when Greg would take a bite of her food.
“Sorry, I just couldn’t help myself. Do you know how delicious you look, John?” Sherlock kept nipping at his throat, moving farther south after every other bite until he arrived at John’s right nipple. An embarrassing yelp escaped his throat when he felt a jolt of pain shoot through his chest but strangely enough traveled down to his groin.
“Yeah, of course, it’s right over there,” the older man smiled, “that beer will do that to ya, yeah?”
“Thank you, brother, I will take care of him, I promise.”
Through the corner of his eye, John could see Sherlock staring at him, studying him. John shifted uncomfortably, his ribs not thanking him every time he did so. It still didn’t stop the Dom from looking at him with silver eyes. John had finally had enough. His head hurt, his ribs hurt, fuck, his whole body hurt, and the last thing he needed was for Sherlock to sit there and do…whatever the hell it was that he was doing.
“Oh,” was all John said, not willing to give anything away. John climbed out of bed, stretching and wincing from the slight pinch on his nape. “Sorry.”
“We had sex, I wrote the suicide note, I wanted to stay, he fixed me, I was broken and he fixed me! It’s my fault, don’t blame him, it’s my fault,” John heard himself repeating those words over and over again as he hit his head on the table until someone pulled him away…but it wasn’t Sherlock. He was alone.
I hope you enjoy!
“There…um…” John stuttered, trying his best to show Sherlock he did trust him to take care of things. Thankfully, the detective gave him the time to work up the courage and figure out what he wanted to say. “The phone number...I mean, there was a phone number with the link,” he blurted out in one breathe, feeling the heavy weight on his shoulders lift and fly off to a place that didn’t matter.
Sherlock's POV directly after chapter one.
“Where are you going?” John asked, a little panicked. The last thing he wanted was to be left alone. He had so many memories he’d swept under the carpet, and every time silence took over his mind, the carpet got pulled away and the demons came out to play.
John was always the one who promoted staying homeless. It was easier that way, easier for him that was.
Though he would never admit it, sitting on the floor and resting his head on Sherlock’s thigh wasn’t that bad. He liked that the Dom always kept a grounding hand on his head and how his thigh, although bony, was still a warm head rest when John waited in between bites. The food though, was the absolute best part. Before he had got down on his knees, John saw pork and pineapple kabobs with a variety of veg on a fine china plate. It had looked delicious and it tasted even better.
“Good boy, now go upstairs and stay under the covers and don’t move until I come to get you.” Sherlock pulled the boy into a tight hug and kissed him once on the forehead, once on each eyelid, and then deeply on the lips, getting one last fill from his elixir of life.
John smiled and could feel the warmth on his chest just like he was lying on top of Sherlock.
“I…I don’t know, but you and John need to get out of here. Now, before they get here.” Greg slowly started to stand, putting most of his weight on the wall behind him.
.oOo.
That was the last thing John heard, before he succumbed to the Sherlock’s homemade sleep aid.
while his mother was still at work. “Now for the eyes,” the man whispered fondly, pulling out a small camera that was no bigger than a button. Searching the room with his detective eye, he settled on placing one of the lenses on the ceiling fan above the bed and the other on a bookshelf on the opposite wall and a few feet above where John slept.
It was as if the voice came from deep inside a cave, the echoes barely penetrating the loud thud of blood rushing through the human’s veins. All Sherlock could see were glowing red lines and a large beating mass in the middle of the man’s chest. He tried though to see the face of the familiar voice, but he couldn’t when his mouth felt like sandpaper from lack of nourishment.
“Get your Sub under control or we will,” a man’s voice shouted from the end of the hall, Taser in hand with four more Doms behind him. John didn’t care though, if they wanted to stop him, they would have to do it themselves. It happened quicker than he thought though when Sherlock came from behind and wrapped his arms around John, lifting him completely into the air.
“Yes, he’s just in a sleep like state that can only be lifted when I seal the wounds on his neck. Only one of you should be here when I wake him up,” John said, taking the empty glass from Greg and bringing it to the small kitchen.
“No ma’am, I haven’t noticed anything ‘juicy.’ Sorry.”
“Your turn, John,” Mycroft said, patting the seat next to him as Sherlock scooted over, leaving a small space between the two brothers. “I need to clean and redress your burns. It needed to be done last night, but I opted to let you two sleep. Come,” he said, looking at John expectantly.
“Sherlock,” his contact yelled. The homeless man, who really didn’t look like a homeless man at all, was sitting by a tree just outside the skate park entrance. “How are you?”
“You expect me to believe this rebel is tamed? Why is he tied up?” the last man in line asked, lifting his nose into the air.
“Where is she, John?!” Jim shouted, pushing at John’s shoulders roughly, causing the blonde boy to take a step back. “What the fuck happened, did you just leave her there? She’s bloody six years old!” Finally, his anger boiling over and the younger Sub punched John hard across the jaw, the pain spreading up the side of his face within seconds of the blow. Before he could be attacked again, John said nothing but only wrapped his arms around Jim’s torso.
If there was a Heaven, Sherlock knew this was it and he would never, ever loosen his grip on what was now his.
“What? Why?” John started to struggle against his bonds. He couldn’t let this arsehole kill Sherlock, he couldn’t!
“Haven’t been dropped in a few days, huh? Are you the Holmes’ boy?”
“What?” John asked dumbly as the Dom opened the door without unlocking it.
At John’s innocent question, the detective had to stop his ministrations or this conversation would be over far too quickly. “No, I’ve done it twice,”
John shook his head, hoping the thoughts would fling out of his ears and onto the tile floor, where he would then proceed to stomp on them. He dried off and only then realized he didn’t bring any clothes in with him, which meant he was going to have to go back into the room wet, in a towel…with Sherlock waiting for him.
“Of course I understand! I’m not stupid and you don’t have to treat me like a child. I know what’s going on and I know what you want from me but you can’t have it,”
“Yes, yes, Molly is fine,” the voice said, causing John to instinctively turn around to only see the open door with half of Mycroft’s body visible as he talked to the man named Gregory outside the room. “She just keeps talking about other Subs named John, Harry, Mike, and…Jim,” Greg said and John could tell he was reading off a list of the information he’d retrieved from Molly.
“A doctor,” John gave a bashful smile and lowered his gaze, almost ashamed at wanting to aim so high with his aspirations.
He started with his neck, looking it over for scars from where he was first bitten. It is said the changing bite burns a permanent scar on the vampire’s body, but Sherlock couldn’t find one until he saw the beast’s shoulder. On his right shoulder there was a large white scar that had healed with slightly bubbled up dead tissue. Sherlock ran his hand over it, pressing slightly and was in awe when the vampire actually winced in his drug induced sleep.
“Which might explain why you are trying to manipulate me,” Dr. Magnussen said. John opened his mouth to deny the accusations but what came out was a blood curdling scream. His mind finally caught up to his pain receptors when he realized the Dom had ripped out the collar and was now inspecting it curiously. “I told them it wouldn’t work. Reading Sub’s hormone levels? Peh!” The man sounded rather disgusted by the whole thing, though not for the reasons John would have hoped. “I must say, Mycroft will be very displeased when he learns his little charity case ripped off his own collar.”
“Yes…Sir,” he couldn’t help but add a layer of venom to the words as they escaped his mouth. “Then, umm…where’s my food?” John asked bluntly, trying to keep it short so he didn’t say something he would regret.
“Trust me and don’t come until I tell you.” In one swift movement, the ivory body, which seemed much larger when John was lying on his back, moved slowly into a sitting position over John with his knees digging deliciously into his ribs. When he felt a hand around his hard member, John jumped and the next thing he knew the tip was pressed into a slick warm heat.
As if to confirm John’s belief that Sherlock’s free will had been taken away for a few seconds, the youngest brother let out a growl and stared daggers back at the elder Holmes when they arrived in the kitchen. “How do you like it?” John muttered quietly, his lack of self-preservation astounding even him.
John didn’t realize he was shaking until he started moving forward. The man hadn’t commanded him, but John had enough self-preservation to obey. His bum was already sore enough, and he had no desire to have a repeat of last night.
John was scared, no, more like terrified that Sherlock, or God forbid Mycroft, would find out about the contacts in his eyes. He blinked rapidly a few times as he waited for one of his Doms to come and get him. Sherlock must have been pissed at him though, because it seemed like he had spent an hour alone in the room already.
After a good five minutes of looting the bathrooms, John decided to head downstairs and see if the others were ready to go. That’s when he saw it, a small glow of light coming from downstairs followed by two loud claps.
“It’s alright, Mike, we’ll be fine,” John tried to encourage but he didn’t believe his words either.
It was nice, John decided, nice to not have to be on the floor, nice to be warm, nice to not have to worry about anything or anyone.
