He would do it, he had to do it. This was as inevitable as the rain, it wasn't like he hadn't known that. He would kill him, but not tonight. Tonight he would sit outside the apartment building he now knew he lived in, miserable and still so fucking aroused, and he would follow his orders (tonight the first and tomorrow the second) and somehow he would find a way to live with it.
He couldn’t have said who came first, but he was sure that they both came hard, so hard that he barely managed to stay upright, and Cas hung, deadweight, from the ceiling, neither of them taking up the strain with their bodies.
It stung. He knew they’d never talked about it, but he’d hoped that Sam felt comfortable enough with him to let him know that he was dating a guy. He didn’t think he was homophobic, did he? No, that was ridiculous. If Sam knew about his feelings for Cas he couldn’t possibly think that. So what new hell-
“What do you think? Will the cuffs cut into your flesh as I fuck you?” Cas moaned. “Yes, I think they will, and you know what? I think you want that. I think you’ll look at the vivid red lines on your wrists and you’ll remember me, I think you’ll enjoy that reminder as you touch yourself, maybe you’ll even press into them, to renew that feeling. I know I’ve enjoyed every reminder that you’ve left me, every bruise, every mark of ownership,” Dean’s voice broke with the words, his control slipping.
Dean picked up a roll of duct tape from a duffel bag that was on the grimy concrete floor and placed a strip of it over his mouth. He kissed him over the tape, something thrilling about the feel of his lips beneath the plastic. Cas made a low sound deep in his throat and Dean knew he was every bit as aroused by the predicament as Dean was.
He gritted his teeth and pulled the impala into the garage, designed for a family. Baby looked small, lonely in all that space.
"Why didn't you kill me last night?" Pain edged the words, even he could hear it, there was no doubt that Cas could too.
“Nights spent fucking and talking and just being together. Maybe somewhere by the sea. We could rent a boat on the weekends.”
“Give it to me good, but watch the teeth, don’t wanna lose my money maker,” he shot him a winning smile, nerves flashing underneath.
“I don’t know what it is you are accusing me of, but let me remind you that it is my home you are currently standing in.”
“Your back catalogue is infinitely worse than mine, and there is nothing you can say to the contrary.”
“Cas.” He leaned after him as the angel straightened up, the distance between them seeming infinite.
Sam sat down beside him, smiling just as wide as he was, and they sat together for a while. No words were spoken. Sam knew. Sam was grateful. Jack was pleased that someone shared his secret, he was pleased that it changed nothing, and he was especially pleased when Sam reached into his pocket and produced a bar of nougat. Jack took it. He was happy. They all were.
He fixed cars. He loved cars. He knew how to love. He loved cars and pie and booze and Sam. He loved. He knew what love was. He knew how to feel it.
“Do not lie to me Dean, I know you too well.” Castiel leaned his forehead against Dean’s, then kissed him slowly, feeling his thoughts in the contact.
“Silence can’t help you either, you just need to tell us what we want to hear. Daddy’s a big boy, he can take it.”
"Look, Cas, you'd be doing me a favour. I've had a bullet coming for a long time, least this way it's on my terms. I want it to be you. Please, do this for me."
"Then you shall have it," Cas spoke in his ear, "you shall have more than you can bear and then you shall thank me for it, won't you Dean?"
Castiel was a ghost on the wind, gone the second Dean thought he had found him, and yet Dean kept on searching, and damn if he wasn’t good at his job.
He looked at himself in the mirror; eyes dilated, cheeks flushed. He needed to get fucked, immediately, while the buzz of the kill was still fresh and insistent. He ran a damp hand through his hair, winked at his reflection, and sauntered out onto the dance floor.
It could just be a coincidence of course, a single murder, a bad fight, working in a slaughter house even, but his gut told him differently. Still, he had to be sure. Castiel wasn’t one for loose ends, but he certainly didn’t intend to jump to any conclusions. He had to treat this coolly, rationally, like any other job. Except this wasn’t a job, this was Dean, Dean with his striking good looks and his natural propensity for filthy kinky sex. Cas wanted to have him every way imaginable, wanted to expose him to treatment he had never even dreamed of, wanted to take him apart and stitch him back together again. What he didn’t want was to have to simply take him apart however, if he was correct in his thinking, that might be exactly what he’d have to do.
Castiel stabbed him in the gut, a narrow incision but deep. It would kill him, slowly. The hunter coughed up blood, pain twisting his expression.
“Yeah, I’m used to it.” Dean stayed on the ground, giving himself that moment of contact for just a little longer. “Assbutt?”
“Don’t worry Dean, I didn’t know either.” Cas pecked him on the cheek, somehow quieting all his worries, and shakily walked towards the door, Dean quickly moved to steady him.
“Leading was never for me, but I didn’t sign on to be a mindless goon in a never ending pointless war, whatever you may think you great big bag of-“
“We have not been making googly eyes.” Cas sent a somewhat bleary glare in Gabe’s direction, apparently he wasn’t able to stand upright, but he was still absolutely capable of conducting an argument with his brother, a fact that Dean found almost painfully endearing; in the small part of his brain that wasn’t solely occupied by worry.
Cas' gaze darkened, and he breached the short distance instantly. His kiss was bruising now, passionate, almost aggressive. Dean couldn't get enough of it. Cas slowly walked him back towards his room, not breaking the kiss for a second. He only paused long enough to slam the door shut, before shoving Dean up against it and practically ripping the shirt from his chest.
Dean had never taken long to lick his wounds. Who had the time for sulking? He spent a couple of days dousing his pain with liquor, then got back to his goddamn job. The kills fuelled by a whole new level of fury. These were the people who had taken Castiel away from him, Castiel himself was one of them and he had abandoned him, they had destroyed everything he cared about.
“How long’ve you been reading my mind Cas?” His voice was loud and unsteady, he tried to look mad, but he couldn’t cover up the terror of his deepest secret being exposed.
“I hate you.” He really wished he could summon more anger, the words just sounded wrong when they were directed at Cas.
He didn't cry when Samandriel died, but it ate away at him further, the misery on the faces of his brothers driving him to anger rather than despair. This was Michael’s fault, as much as it was the fault of the hunters, probably more so. Where was he anyway? He seemed almost to have done as much of a disappearing act as Castiel’s father had so long ago, the occasional phone call all that told him he was still alive. Still, Castiel would be a good soldier, because otherwise his life would be forfeit. He knew such an eventuality would send the dominoes tumbling, Gabriel at the very least would follow after, likely others too. He would protect his wayward brother, at all costs, even as he yearned for the arms of the enemy. The enemy whose calls he ignored, who filled his voicemail with messages he couldn’t bear to hear.
"We figured out who killed Christian. Here's the bastard's address. Make it thorough, show them we don't take deaths in the family lightly."
Dean wiped a hand down his face, swearing when he remembered that he was yet to wash the evidence of his crimes from them. He found a clean corner of his shirt and used it to get rid of the worst of the mess, knowing he wouldn't be able to clear the lingering stickiness without the aid of soap and water. Ugh, he hated mess, but he could worry about that later.
He popped some painkillers and left the house in yesterdays clothes. Why did it matter if they were just going to wind up covered in blood and in the bin again? Fuck, the clothes in the bin. He’d forgotten all about them. He turned on his heel and went back inside, panic rising in his chest as he strode across the room, his stomach plummeting to his boots when he realised that the bin was empty.
Dean gulped as he read and reread the letter, looking at the phone number, at the words that promised (threatened?) so much. He nearly dialled more times than he would admit, before dropping his phone on the floor somewhere and resolving to at least try to go back to sleep. A few more hours would sort his hangover out. A few more hours would help him make sense of that letter, of the thrill that it had sent through him. A few more hours was a nice idea, but it wasn’t to be. His phone rang.
How fucking long could one man stay in a bar without drinking his damn drink? Too long apparently. He’d been considering just shooting the bastard, before he finally took a sip and doomed himself. The drugs kicked in quickly, thank fuck, and Dean made quick work of dispatching him.
Cas walked down the alley at a slow pace, whistling the chorus of Hey Jude and listening to the panicked breathing, the yelp; a doomed soul realising his mistake. He grinned wolfishly as his prey ran up against a locked fence, razor wire making it impossible to scale. Not that he would have had time anyway. The hunter turned slowly, watching as Castiel approached.
“Dean,” Cas’ eyes narrowed dangerously. Dean gulped and looked away, “you can’t even stand straight.”
Chuck smiled in his sleep. The Winchesters hugging in heaven. Two brothers and the open road. Game of Thrones in redneck America. Heterosexual ever after. Both dead. Both redeemed. The way it was always supposed to be. He was not to be defeated, he was invincible, the beginning and the end, light and dark. He was everything. Just as it had always been. Destiny, his favourite invention.
Mary, it always came back to Mary. Even after all this time she was seemingly all Samuel cared about. He didn’t care about Dean, that much he knew without a doubt. Never had. Never would. He'd be sad about it if he didn't hate the bastard so damn much.
It was after midnight when Dean finally collapsed through the motel door. He fell back on the bed, not bothering to take off his boots. He just needed to sleep.
"Out of the closet?" Dean sighed, really, really not wanting to explain any further. "Sam was just being a dick."
“Scared your boyfriend will get hurt Castiel? Or are you more worried about him getting expelled?” He laughed as Cas bristled. “It’s a good thing Mommy Winchester didn’t live to see what a disappointment her son turned out to be.”
Dean lurked in the shadows, the terrain already mapped. He knew the entrances, the exits, and he knew from the footsteps that followed him that Cas was not being careful tonight. Still, it seemed only fair to return a little of the teasing that Cas had inflicted on him in the past. He found a hiding spot, and spoke into the dark.
He couldn't drag Sam back into his world, this filthy place full of death and destruction, couldn't tell him a thing he'd done in the years since they'd last seen each other. Best Sam thought he hated him, best he stayed away, away from him.
It hadn't been like this in years. It had been habitual, gruesome, but contained. Now he was a raging fire, consuming everything in his path. Drink, kill, fuck, repeat. It all burnt with that same brightness. He left as many bruises on his partners as they did on him now, he wanted to rip them apart, and no matter what he did he was never satisfied. That was what did it, in the end. He was sat at the edge of the bed, blood covering his hands as he took a drag of a post kill cigarette, regretting the decision to fuck his mark before killing him, rather than keeping work and play separate as he usually did, body still thrumming with the energy that would not disperse, when he realised: he didn't have to do what Cas ordered, not anymore. He could take what he wanted, and screw the consequences. He wouldn't fuck Cas if he didn't want it, but he could at least get a look at him, at least view the calm to his storm. He needed it too much to resist.
Cas’ back was turned, bent over a stove as he prepared the evening meal. He supposed that made it easier, not having to look into his eyes as he killed him. Funny that he hadn't known he could cook.
He made his way towards the door, taking one step at a time, intensely focused on his feet, unsure how they were staying on the ground when everything was upside down.
His phone rang, just as Cas sat down across from him. He swiped decline, then turned off the phone for good measure. Sam couldn’t hear him die.
He didn’t even fight for the driver’s seat, as they bundled into the impala, just sank down in the passenger's side and tried to feel the comfort the car had always brought. It was there, but wrong somehow, like everything else since he’d got back. He almost laughed at the way he was describing it, got back, like a soldier returning from a war. Like he was a goddamn hero rather than a fucking pathetic kid who’d killed his own father. Sam was glancing at him out of the corner of his eye, mouth opening like he wanted to say something then snapping shut again.
Uriel scowled at him, arms crossed over his chest as he made use of every inch of his excessive height to look down on him.
There was a knock on the door, distantly forcing itself into his consciousness. He ignored it, eyes glued to the technicolor safety blanket, not ready to return to the real world in all its imperfection.
“It is not a habit of mine, that kiss, it amplified your thoughts, strengthened our bond. I am so sorry Dean.” He knew he wasn’t talking about the mind reading with those last words.
The cold air of the outside world came none too soon, Dean was vibrating out of his skin, desperate to see and taste and touch.
“My intention tonight was to fuck you until you screamed, and you are far too inebriated to consent to that.”
Dean was shaking like he'd just been slapped across the face. He wasn't surprised, not really. He just knew that he'd lost.
How long would it be, he wondered, before some drunken idiot stumbled over the body and the club was hit with an all new kind of chaos? He doubted it would be too long. He should leave, but not yet. He was on the hunt.
“No, pretty sure I do. Dean, I wanna be with you, in the biblical sense.” And there it was. Dean let out a hysterical laugh.
“Calm your titties there Uriel, you know I love you freaks far too much for any of that watchamacall it.”
“We both know I can’t get what I want,” Dean raised his head to glare at him, “at least stop pretending like this is normal for a damn second.”
Yes, Ruby had been good at her job, but not nearly as good as Dean would become. He'd probably hit a record at some point, most evil skanks shanked (heh, try saying that three times fast) by a single hunter, probably broken it too. While Sam hadn't been able to look, Dean didn't seem to be able to look away. That was probably why Sam couldn't bear him now, he had become the horror that Sam so despised. Everyone had to cope somehow, Dean would keep telling himself that his coping mechanism was no worse than anyone else's until his dying breath.
Sam ran a hand through his hair, a nervous habit that only seemed to get worse as his hair grew longer, and took a deep breath.
Cas leaned into him, breathing heavily against Dean’s neck, inching further and further into his space.
One more night couldn't hurt. He untied Dean's wrists and pulled the covers over both of them, curling up and drifting off to sleep in the arms of the enemy.
He downed one after another, with only the briefest of pauses during which he silently begged Cas to reconsider whatever evil was brewing, but those eyes didn't waver. Dean wasn't accustomed to feeling shame. Guilt he was used to but shame was unusual. It was sickly sweet like chocolate cake, clogging his arteries. He hadn't done anything wrong goddammit, he was a grown ass man and he could drink if he wanted to. Once again, a look instantly proved him wrong and he was reminded that he had entered into this knowing exactly what he was doing, he forfeited choice the second he opened his mouth for Cas' cock. He finished the last shot and felt slightly nauseous in a way that had nothing to do with the alcohol, then sat back and waited for the tidal wave.
He threw the outside door open and collapsed against the back wall of the school building, in his favourite alcove, out of view of the main windows. His hands were shaking slightly but he rolled a spliff with practiced ease.
“Hey Cas.” Dean smiled as the other boy opened the door, his parents clearly away again. His hair was messier than usual, if that was possible, and there was a smear of pumpkin guts on the side of his face. Dean fought the urge to reach out and wipe it away.
Dean looked up at him, so open, so trusting. Cas flipped him onto his front to hide the expression, pulling off his tie and binding him to the bed. For a killer he was horribly easy to restrain. Cas’ heart sank even as he tied the length of silk around his wrists. He wondered if Dean could feel the wire that rested within, he doubted he could, but this knot certainly wouldn’t break, no matter how hard Dean struggled.
Despair. Always despair. A confession repeated on a never ending loop, words he would never speak, events he couldn’t ever bear to recount to Sam. He might as well have lost his tongue for all he could bear to talk. He had never been this quiet. Sam must have noticed, surely, but years of experience had taught him not to ask. Dean cursed his violent rage, all those years of biting Sam’s head off the second he got too close to any hidden truth, he would have given anything for those questions now. He couldn’t bear to broach the topic. He knew he’d only start crying again. He didn’t think he’d ever be able to tell anyone. It hurt too much. Sam didn’t ask and Dean didn’t tell.
“Please, don’t stop. I need…” Cas nodded now, Dean didn’t need to finish the sentence, Cas knew what he wanted to say.
He took a moment to savour, breathe in, breathe out, then released his hold on the dead man. Raphael fell to the floor of the bathroom, blood soaking linoleum, and Dean leaned down to retrieve the knife, wiping it clean on the shirt of his victim.
Was there a slight emphasis on 'come' there? Dean could have sworn there was. Or perhaps his mind was so fogged with lust that he was imagining things. Before Dean could fixate any more on the intention behind Cas' words, however, Cas moved into action.
"Good morning, Dean, and happy birthday." Dean practically jumped out of his skin at the sudden proximity of the angel, he could tell before turning around that there were mere inches between the two of them. Dean took a drink, the headache only worsened by the violent movement.
Gabe stared back down at the notepad, covered in scribbles and sketches that looked alarmingly similar to a cartoon villain’s plans to destroy the universe.
“Your protestations are immaterial in the face of treachery brother. Do not dare to deny fraternising with the enemy, I saw you kissing that filthy mongrel as you allowed him to live. Maintain what little respect I still have for you and confess your sins, now, before further action must be taken.”
Their lips touched and Dean’s thoughts faded away. Panic wiped away by how incredibly right it felt, warm and comforting and so long overdue, it felt like home. Dean melted into the kiss, pulling him closer, demanding more. Cas tasted of smoke and spearmint and something like ozone, and he couldn’t get enough of it. Time seemed to screech to a standstill as their lips moved together, mouths opening and tongues just barely touching, intimate in a way it had never been with anyone else.
Cas let out a pleased sound, and ran his hands slowly down Dean's arms, almost like he was soothing a frightened animal. Dean supposed, in a sense, he was. His muscles relaxed under the touch, only to tense again at the feeling of leather against his skin. A belt, Cas' belt, wrapped around his wrists and was tied off. The movements quick and effective. Dean briefly wondered how many times Cas had done this, if he'd ever done this.
Dean wished he had planned beyond this moment, but he had been too busy hoping that Cas would follow, that he’d give in, to truly figure out what would happen if he did. There was a very real chance that he would kill him, or seek some other form of revenge, if Dean freed him, and yet Dean couldn’t bring himself to harm the only person who seemed capable of grounding him. Even like this, even when everything was upside down and he was certain he should be the one bound, Dean felt calm like he hadn’t since Cas had tossed him aside. That thought brought back a little of the anger, and Dean grinned a wicked grin as he reached a decision.
The position, the utter loss of control, sent Dean’s well honed fight and flight instincts into overdrive. The usual urge to kill clawed at him, thoughts of the knife in his boot, the gun in a holster beneath his leather jacket, the brass knuckles in his pocket. He could escape this, he should escape this, he shouldn’t want- but god did he want. His body relaxed, became pliant, and his mind emptied of thought.
“I also never said I didn’t- like it the other way around on occasion.” Cas gasped as Dean gripped his nipples hard, pulling and twisting.
He obeyed instantly, coating both of them in streaks of white, and the look of ecstasy on his face drove Cas over immediately after.
He’d been surprised when Jack told them, appearing on their doorstep in the dead of night, that he was simply human now. He hadn’t known that was possible, but the kid had no reason to lie. Jack would have brought Cas back already, if he could. It was hopeless, he supposed, and he just had to learn to live like this, with this truth that could never be spoken eating away at him, with an empty space where Cas should be. Alone. Always alone.
He just wanted to go to sleep. He didn’t suppose that would prevent Uriel from destroying him. At least then he might get some peace.
“You’re strong enough to reach, right?” He somehow managed to grin, grabbing the bag and backing away further.
A wave of loneliness swept over him, compelling him to pull out his phone in the hopes there was a job to do or something. Not like he was drunk enough to be rendered incapable. The intimacy of a kill was usually enough to ground him when he got like this, god did he need that right now.
“Aww, you don’t want me?” The pout in his voice was deliberate and mocking, but he couldn’t claim the words didn’t sting, even as he was all too aware of the truth behind them. Still, truths could be changed.
Dean nodded his agreement, unable to focus on much, but the surge of arousal that the display of dominance had sent coursing through him. He didn't think he could have been much more on board with this.
“Ooookay,” Gabriel was silent for a beat, a rare occurrence. “Stay safe little brother,” there wasn’t a hint of sarcasm in his voice. Cas swallowed down a lump in his throat.
Cas felt like he was falling, incapable of doing anything but clinging to Dean and trying to remember how to breathe.
He rolled on a condom and lubed up, then thrust in quickly, moaning in pleasure. Cas threw his head back, resting it on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean wrapped his arms around him, taking some of the weight off his arms. He began to move and he didn’t know who was more undone; Cas whose eyes fluttered closed as he let out little muffled gasps and met every movement, pushing him further, still somehow in control, or Dean whose whole body shook as he fucked into him, incapable of holding anything back, even though he knew he should. He shouldn’t be feeling this vulnerability, this raw need, he shouldn’t be conveying it to his captive, but his body was giving him away. He was so deep over his head.
This sort of thing should be said in hushed tones behind closed doors, not in public, not in front of Uriel. Cas sent a worried look in Balthazar’s direction, who just rolled his eyes at Gabe and took another sip of his no fat chai latte. Balthazar understood that Gabriel didn’t mean it, or so Cas hoped, Uriel on the other hand…
"You don't have to sit all the way over there Cas," Dean patted the bed beside him. "C'me on, I won't bite," he giggled, "that's more your style anyway."
Balthazar sat across the booth from him. Gabe beside Cas, an arm thrown over his shoulder, oblivious to the looks Balth was sending Cas’ way. He didn’t look happy, the killing was beginning to wear him down as much as Cas himself. Balthazar revelled in hedonism, not violence, and now violence was all there was room for. He just couldn’t seem to find the words to demand a return to the way things were, quieter in his rebellion than Gabe, saying more with his eyes than Cas was willing to show. Nonetheless he continued to flirt with everyone who crossed their path. Cas sighed as he watched him saunter up to the bar, effortlessly drawing the attention of a provocatively dressed brunette, a few words and they were heading towards the exit. Family time was the only respite they had, and Balthazar had abandoned it for sex. Cas shook his head, before his gaze was caught by another figure at the bar. Dean’s eyes were intensely focussed on him, smirking as he saw the shock on his face, then silently raising a glass to him and taking a long drink of the amber liquid.
Dean woke slowly, smiling at the warm caress of sunlight filtering through thin curtains. He felt well rested in a way he hadn't in a long time, he didn't even remember having any of his usual array of dark dreams, instead his mind was filled with memories of the night before. In the light of day the reluctance with which he'd faced pleasure seemed laughable, he was merely glad to have received it. He looked over at the warm figure sprawled across the bed beside him, one arm draped across his chest, face buried in a pillow. The sight brought a grin to his face. Of course someone so graceful would be a messy sleeper. It didn't help the effect that he was still fully clothed, even wearing that damn trench coat, rumpled up around his waist and creased by the night. He snorted. Apparently his partner had the presence of mind to untie him, but not to take off his own shoes. Dean rolled his eyes and debated doing it for him, before deciding that the jostling would undoubtedly wake him and render the gesture moot.
In his dream he was still god. In his dream he was not human, he had never been human. In his dream he was not hung from the ceiling. In his dream the blood was not slowly draining from him. In his dream he would never have been too weak to fight off a Djinn.
“Your thoughts-” Dean felt a pit open in his stomach at those two little words, he opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. “Those images…” Cas trailed off with a shake of his head.
"You should have told me about the handcuffs before I used my belt." He whispered hotly in Dean's ear, and Dean shuddered, instantly back on board with the whole sex thing.
Dean felt his neck straining against the metal and smiled softly. He leaned forward, cutting his airway off further, and tenderly brushed his lips against Cas’, losing oxygen as Cas reciprocated. His vision was darkening, but he gave himself a moment longer, hanging onto the end.
Cas’ back was shaking with silent laughter as he walked over to the stove, Dean didn’t think either of their brothers had noticed.
“I bet you haven’t been on the receiving end for so long, you must be so tight, god I need to feel you. You know what you do to me Cas? You make me weak.”
“If you are feeling amicable. It seems a shame to not have a little fun before you leave, given next time...”
The stranger paused with his hand on the doorknob, turning to look at him with a familiar raised eyebrow.
"Dean, if your incomplete sentence was you implying that you have no attraction to members of your own sex, then I believe it is necessary to remind you of the fact that I can, on occasion, hear your thoughts."
Took a fair bit after that for anyone to twig onto what happened. One minute she was there, the next she’d gone to the bathroom and there were gunshots from outside, and Dean had known they were screwed.
Uriel was enjoying this, Castiel realised, there was a hint of glee in his expression that had Cas yearning to cut it from him.
Cas pulled out and, before Dean could recover, grabbed the plug that he had stowed in his jacket pocket and filled him once again.
Dean didn’t notice him getting dressed, he was so out of it. He barely stirred when Cas slipped out of the room, and ran.
"I can see your longing, it shines out of you. I could take you against this wall, right now, I could make you come so hard you'd forget your own name. Have you bare and broken and beautiful, exposed before the world. Someone could wander into this corridor, see you opened up before me, and they would know you are mine. Maybe I would share, if I was feeling kind, I don't think you would tell them no, I don't think you could resist any demand I made of you. Or perhaps I should keep you for myself, my filthy little fuck toy. So subservient. Would you like that? Well would you, boy?"
He slowly unbuttoned his pants, ensuring Dean had time to anticipate. His cock sprung free and Dean licked his lips, leaning forward without being consciously aware he was doing so. Cas pushed him back on his heels, shaking his head with the hint of a smile.
"You like pain too much, I am not going to give it to you," not yet at least. "I think, instead, you need to learn some patience," yes, that was a good excuse for his reticence. That way he could put off hurting Dean a little longer.
He didn't have a choice. He supposed it had to happen eventually, he could only hide out in motels for so long. Echoing footsteps and the ghosts of his parents weren't something that just went away with time.
“I…” He faltered and reached for the bottle again, taking a sip to calm his nerves. “I… Dammit Cas, I don’t know how to talk about this! It’s been so long. I…” Fresh tears started to pour from his eyes, he angrily wiped them away. “I got raped.” He stared at his hands as he spoke, afraid to see the angel’s response to his words. “I went to a bar, and I drank too much, and this guy, this big brute of a guy, he followed me to the toilets and he-” his whole body shuddered with the intensity of the memory, verbalising the truth was somehow amplifying the power it held over him.
Dean froze the moment the words were out of his mouth. He braced himself for a punch, for the violent streak he had just witnessed to be turned on him. Prepared himself for rejection.
Halfway through the first film Dean’s arm somehow found its way around Cas’ shoulder, by the second Cas was asleep on his chest, and by the third he was asleep as well.
He turned up to his scheduled meeting with Samuel, having willed the erection to chill a little, with a smile on his face. Samuel narrowed his eyes at him, clearly not trusting Dean's uncharacteristically good mood, but it didn't dim his elation. He did a quick mental check to ensure he wasn't walking funny or anything, which seemed entirely possible given how thoroughly fucked out he was, and relaxed when he found everything in order.
The afterglow faded and truth returned, both of their shoulders squaring and spines straightening. There was a job to be done.
"You are not in control here, boy, things stop when I say they stop," he pumped his cock brutally, Dean's gasps making him smile around the words. "You will receive as much, or as little, as I see fit," Dean was so hard, Cas knew that he could make him come in an instant, but that would hardly qualify as punishment, and Dean was not even close to defeat. "Question my ruling and you shall receive nothing at all," he withdrew his hand, chuckling at Dean's hissed profanities while his body bucked at nothing.
“Are you-“ Dean broke off as he gasped for breath, Cas biting down hard on his collar bone, “are you going to punish me then?”
Cas fucked with the same determination he took on most things in life. Each thrust was hard and fast, going deep, because, fuck, he was big. Dean tried to focus on breathing, as each movement punched the air right out of him. Cas shifted their positions, pulling Dean up and towards him, now pummelling directly into his prostate. Dean writhed on the bed, no longer capable of holding back the whimpers and moans that spilled out of his mouth.
He punched the doorframe before he could think better of it, feeling wood crack beneath his fist and splinters bite into his skin. He looked down at the mess he'd made, his father's handwriting all broken up by his damn stupid outburst. He felt sick.
He practically fell against Dean, hiding his face in the crook of his neck as he shoved him back against the wall, not able to bear looking at that cursed tattoo one moment more, and hoping that Dean's arousal would stop him questioning the desperation he'd surely seen in Cas' eyes. He bit down on Dean's shoulder for good measure, knowing the way pain seemed to bring his mind to a standstill.
Dean frowned in confusion at Sam’s grin, rolling his eyes when Sam bounced into the kitchen and promptly took the seat closest to where Gabe was sat staring at a pad of paper.
“I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about.” Dean huffed, picking up a spoon, and beginning to shovel food into his mouth.
Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to get a moment’s peace until every single one of those bastards was dead. They had destroyed him, destroyed his parents, destroyed his relationship with Sam. The hunt was all he had left, all that made him feel anything anymore, the only pure experience he was allowed. There was so much rage in him now, coiled and tense like a snake ready to strike, and boy did he strike. He hurt and hunted and harmed. He was half numb, half raw nerves, all frayed energy. He terrified himself. He felt deadly and alive and nothing at all. The Campbells didn’t stop him, he was doing what they wanted anyway. They were only here for revenge, and he was supplying it. They just pointed him in the direction they wanted and let him loose, and he tore whatever he encountered apart. Bobby was all he had now, so he pushed him away with a crazed sort of desperation. The old man made him feel human, feel weak, and he couldn’t afford that. Bobby just looked so damn sad, like it was him who Dean was hurting, his blood covering his hands while he helped get him fixed up. He was silent, until the demons were gone, until he started on the angels.
Cas was following his movements, not decreasing the space between them, just keeping it steady. A thrill raced down Dean's spine.
The angel was silent for a moment, then he spoke, his voice dark with inhuman fury. “I’ll kill him. That monster should not be allowed to walk this earth after what he did to you.”
“Good, because this is not going to be easy on you. Don’t look away from me,” it was an order, of that there was no doubt, and Dean found himself not even second guessing the urge to obey.
Anna had tears in her eyes, he noted as she looked to him for comfort, now that was something he was not glad of. The pain this was causing his preferred brethren was something that surely must be avenged. His judgement on the one who had done this would be as swift as it was brutal.
“It has to end,” he wished he could take back the words, but that wouldn’t erase the truth behind them.
Dean was a killer. Dean had been always been a killer, or at the very least he had been since his father had first put a gun in his hand and steel in his heart. He was good at it, but there was only so much one man could do. There were so many of them, an unbeatable swarm of fists and knives and chloroform. He took down a respectable amount of them, he thought, in those brief moments before he passed out, certain he would never wake up again. In the long moments that followed he cursed everything that would listen for forcing him back into consciousness, and himself, for not having the sense to kill himself before they could capture him.
“Dean...” Cas looked down at their joined hands, a question on his lips, drawing Dean’s attention to what he’d done.
Dean practically stopped breathing as Sam’s face melted into that sad puppy look that he’d give anything to never have to see again.
Cas tried to regain control, over his feelings, over the situation, and found himself scrabbling for air. He was holding Dean like he was the only thing standing between himself and a fall from a great height, he didn’t know how he could let go.
He let go of Cas’ hand like he’d been electrocuted. Cas looked slightly bereft, but there was no time to think about this, no time to wonder if maybe-
"Well it should have been Sam. I was fucking broken. I'd been alone for so long and I thought I'd got you back. At least that one thing, that one good thing, hadn't been taken from me. And then you up and fucking left," Dean was practically shouting now, and it wasn't fair, he knew it wasn't fair, but he couldn't seem to stop.
Ruby laughed a cruel laugh and Dean wanted nothing more than to stab the bitch himself, anything to take that look off Sam's face, like he'd been broken too.
Castiel blinked awake, looking up at him with a sleepy expression that Dean would have been tempted to kiss off his face mere moments ago.
He dressed quickly, knowing that he could be jumped at any minute, determined to make the most of the morning he had thought he would never see. There was a lingering sense of melancholy, and he was worried for the consequences Cas might face having not killed him when he should, yet the light of a new day filled him with a buoyancy the likes of which he had seldom felt. It was sunny, and warmer than the previous weeks, the comfortable languor of summer releasing tensions that had plagued him for far too long. Perhaps it was the extra day, perhaps it was the likelihood of an impending end, but he felt good for the first time in years.
The thought came, unbidden, that Cas could kill him so easily right now. A thousand images flashed through his mind, half memory, half that terrible imagination he could never shut down. He shoved those thoughts away as best he could, thinking better of his earlier decision and turning Dean to face him again, needing the reminder that he was alive.
Castiel’s chest ached as he forced himself to speak calmly, keeping his responses just the right side of dangerous, reminding himself of the flirtatious lilt he had used in all of their previous conversations. He was a deceptively good actor, could probably have pursued a career on stage if he hadn’t possessed such a strong urge to kill. Besides, it was family, and loyalty to family always had to come first. That was why he would kill this man if he had to. The call had come far too soon, he’d been hoping to put this off at least a few more days, but it had only been a matter of hours. Dean was eager.
Asshole, he thought, before exhaustion wrapped tendrils around his mind and he drifted off to sleep.
Yes, there it was, an expression that would haunt him for what little was left of his worthless existence. He didn’t know what John would have said at that moment, what rightful condemnation would have flowed from his mouth, because it was all held back by a gag. Maybe it would have made things easier, to know for sure, as it was his mind supplied so much worse. Or maybe not. Maybe John would have taken that moment to be cruel, one last time, if he’d had the chance. He would never know.
Castiel had never liked Raphael, a part of him was glad to see him gone, but he knew appearances had to be maintained. He could pretend to grieve as a friend, his companions needn't know he celebrated the loss of an enemy, silently.
Cas moved closer, leaning his forehead against Dean’s as he closed his eyes. Dean realised, with a jolt, that he was happy.
"Well well, it seems someone has a masochistic streak. Naughty boy," the words were practically purred. "Of course, that is probably fortunate, since I am one hell of a sadist." Dean barely had chance to register the steel that had crept into his tone, because with that last word he pulled out almost all the way and slammed back in, hard.
He ducked into a diner, bustling with activity but more intimate than the street. One exit, not ideal if he had to make a quick getaway, which could be the fact that spared him. If he couldn’t get out easily neither could Cas. He sat in a corner booth, and waited.
Sam left the day after. It was good that he was gone, Dean told himself. Not for Dean, but for Sam. Violence never suited Sam. That kid left his heart far too open, which was why Dean couldn’t exactly fault him for leaving him behind, it was no good for someone like that to be surrounded by monsters. When Sam had told him, months later on one of the handful of phone calls they’d shared since that night, of the rage he’d felt and the satisfaction of seeing her dead, before the cold fear and the guilt had set in, Dean didn’t have it in him to admit to the way that he yearned for that rush. The kid had grown up, while Dean had grown old, and he could see how it weighed on him. Yes, it was best that he left, got away while life still mattered to him. One would only lead to another and another, and that purity that he didn’t even seem to realise he still possessed would be lost. Sam left, but Dean was the one who was lost.
“Nonsense. It’ll only go to waste.” Cas leaned in to whisper the rest of the request in his ear, and Dean shivered from something other than the cold. “Please, stay. There’s no chance of me keeping Gabe out of trouble on my own, the distraction will help.”
Dean summoned all the strength he had left and spat in the face of his angel. Cas stared at him for a moment, wiping the spit away while shock turned to fury. Dean relaxed in his hold. Good, fury was good.
“Aww, almost sound like you care,” he spoke with a hiccup. He was getting steadily drunker, and Cas distantly wondered how much he had consumed so far, certainly too much, possibly dangerously so.
“I can’t help you if you don’t allow me to,” Cas’ words were pained, but Dean couldn’t look after him right now.
His vision was hyper focussed at the same time it blurred with tears and the surreal nature of what was happening.
The freaking liar! He had definitely promised not to drag up that particular humiliating experience again. He still didn’t know what had been going on in his head, where that obsession had come from. Well, that was a lie, but he refused to voice it.
“So Kali has her arms around me and we’re both pretty wasted by now and this elephant nearly...” Gabe trailed off as he caught Cas’ expression. “Cassie? I really hate to interrupt the eye sex, but Balth is gone, drinking alone is booooring.”
"There's my good boy." The warmth in his voice melted something in Dean's heart, and he made a sound suspiciously similar to a sob.
Dean drifted in and out of consciousness during those long days in the hospital. The drugs kept his mind foggy, which only added to the panic that had taken root there. His mind had been blurred with pain before and terrible things had happened, he knew that, even if he couldn't quite grasp the memories. He was tied down still, in this state of not quite there he couldn't differentiate between nurses and jailers, he hoped he hadn't hurt anyone too badly. The binds on his arms and the needles in his hands didn't help the dreams, he wished the drugs didn't keep forcing him into this sickly sleep. He screamed and thrashed and cried himself half awake before being dragged back down. Hands had tried to soothe him, the first few times, but every touch burnt on broken skin and they quickly pulled away. Now there were just whispered words, words of pain trying to act as comfort, and old songs sung by the wrong voice. It was funny in his delirium, he'd never been in a hospital before, he'd never been this hurt before, never seen anyone this badly broken living long enough to heal. It felt like a sick joke, staying alive after all he'd been through, felt wrong. He probably wouldn't have kept on fighting for every agonising breath if he hadn't realised, in a brief moment of clarity, that it was Sam who sat by his bed and sung those songs. Surely he couldn't remember Mary singing them, and yet still, he chose those verses rather than any other. Dean knew then that he had to survive. Sam couldn't lose the last of his family, not like this. Winchesters didn't die in hospitals. When Dean died he would be on his feet, and Sam would be far away.
“I’m not sticking my dick in-“ he risked another look at Dean, only to find him gone, “where did he go?” Cas hurriedly scanned the rest of the crowd, he was nowhere to be seen.
He took a step towards Dean and Castiel acted on instinct. He hit Uriel hard over the back of the head, his brother turning a surprised look in his direction as he fell to his knees. He knew the surprise was as present in his own expression.
“If you think you are beyond saving then what good does it do to punish you? Why should I even bother?”
“She’s my girlfriend. It should be me,” Sam’s jaw twitched, the hurt breaking through. He’d loved her, Dean didn’t get why, but he knew he had. Dean’s luck was pretty bad, but he didn’t think he could bear that kind of betrayal.
Dean dragged Cas in, fingers gripping desperately at the front of his shirt, and stared at him until he couldn’t bear it anymore. They kissed out of fear, with the knowledge that a moment more looking at one another would have broken them, that they were breaking anyway.
Castiel ducked his head, knowing that the fury in his eyes would not be well received. In that moment he hated Michael, hated him as he had never hated another human being, and yet he could not stand against him. He knew just how great the danger was. It may not matter if he killed Dean now, there was every chance of his own demise following soon after. Still, there was a chance of saving others, and that was the only thing that prevented him pulling the blade from his belt and running Michael through.
“Not what I mean, Cas. I need to get over this… whatever this is. I need to replace those memories with something new, something good.”
He hung up before Bobby could respond, knowing what the words would sound like, incapable of dealing with the repercussions. He couldn't care for anyone anymore. He was too damn tired.
“Dean,” he shook him slightly. Dean grumbled in protest and nuzzled further into his chest. “Dean, would you like something to eat?”
God, he must look like such a weirdo. He didn’t want to scare Cas off, but he couldn’t be complacent, not when there was something bigger at stake.
Dean closed his eyes in the hope that cutting out the sight of the room in which it had happened would curtail the memory, before it turned sour, that he could live in the moment before safety had been forgotten. No such luck. Fire danced beneath his eyelids, Mary’s cries and Sammy screaming in his arms. It was almost like he could smell the acrid smoke, even though that scent had faded long ago. He started to sweat at the memory of the heat that had burnt into him even without the touch of flames on his skin, and by association the burning hot metal that, later, had. Memories had a strange habit of merging with one another, no matter how distanced they were by time and circumstance. One fire was much like another, burning flesh smelt the same whether it was his mother’s or his own. He wished he hadn’t known what she must have felt in those last moments. He would have taken all the tortures in the world to rid her of that brief moment of suffering before the end. He hoped it had been brief, she’d stopped screaming quick enough, even if the sound had never really stopped ringing in his ears.
They broke away only after, what could have been, the third time a throat was cleared beside them, and it hurt to do so. Dean was ready to kill the intruder, held back only by Cas’ warning hand on his arm.
Castiel turned on his heel and strode away. Dean gaped after him, still struggling for air. He was gone before Dean had recovered enough to remember the almost painful length of his own erection.
No time for the monsters are real speech, this ghost was angry, things could get real nasty real quick. He’d seen it far too many times before.
Cas' hands were shaking around the gun. The logic had hit him hard, the inescapable answer. Dean couldn’t suffer again, and Michael would make sure he did. Not Cas, not now, a quick bullet and it would be over.
Coming home had been such a stupid idea. He should have just let Cas kill him in the comforting numbness of that motel. Motels had history, but lacked memory, which was blissfully peaceful for someone like him. He was cursed with the ability to remember.
He tripped slightly on his feet. He barely managed to resist the urge to stay, eager to see Cas pull himself up on the chains, nervous that he would drop the key during the gymnastics that would be necessary. He made a mental note to come back in a day or two, just to be sure.
“I know, and that’s exactly why I need you to do this. I trust you,” the angel’s eyes crinkled into a smile at the words, “You won’t hurt me, but I need this from you. Make me whole again Cas, please?”
He was miserable. He tried to hide it. He tried so hard to live his life and just not think. He drank a lot. He got a job and a dog and he was happy. He was okay.
The streets were busy, but he wasn’t sure that would make a difference. It was easy to escape into a crowd, particularly if your choice of weaponry was silent. He already knew he couldn’t beat Cas in hand to hand combat, and his body was far from its strongest right now, so he held out little hope for victory. All he could do in that moment was delay, and pray for inspiration.
A few tables over two kids were sat beside each other, ignored by their mother on the other side of the booth as the younger crawled over the seats, playing with some tacky toy plane, being periodically saved from disaster by the older of the two. They looked so normal.
"Dean," a weight was lifted from his chest as Sam's voice came, clear and recognisable, through the speakers of the phone, "stop calling."
Cas made a noise akin to a growl, but lacking the aggression that usually accompanied such a noise, and rolled them so he was on top. He began to thrust in earnest, determinedly eking out pleasure, sucking every gasp out of Dean’s lips like it was the only air he could breathe.
He could deal with being judged by people who didn’t matter, fighting a stupid war for no good reason, just as long as no one tried to put a stop to his violence; that rage that never seemed to be satisfied. Whoever had done this really did deserve to die. His cousin had been an asshole but no should suffer like that. Perhaps his own cruel actions would be justified, perhaps he could feel a sense of righteousness while he tore them apart, or perhaps it would just be that high and the drop that followed it. Perhaps it would just be another name on a list that was growing far too long. All he knew was that they would die. That was the job. That was the family business. Who was he to deny tradition?
"If I don't get my grades up I’m gone." He let out a mirthless laugh. "I'm screwed Cas, I'm so screwed."
Dean flinched, his body seeming to pull towards the knife even as it sought distance from the words.
"There is plenty of me that you are yet to see." He glanced down at his infuriatingly clothed body then looked back up at Dean.
“Don’t do anything inappropriate while we’re gone, and if either of you gets into trouble for whatever you were up to earlier I am not saving you!” Dean called over his shoulder.
He paced the house, closing all the curtains, making sure the doors were locked, just wandering after that. It was surreal, being back here after all this time. He felt like a stranger in his own home, even as the house itself felt strange with all those absences.
"Naughty boys don't get to touch," he grabbed a handful of Dean's hair and used it to hold him in place as he shoved the belt between his lips and tied it securely around his head. He knew it would only be a partially successful gag, but this was about power, not practicality. He wanted to hear Dean groan.
Now Gabriel was the one who looked like he was about to start throwing punches, and Castiel noticed that Balthazar had also begun to pay attention, drink placed to the side and posture tense. That was not a good sign.
“That will likely make things far too emotionally complicated,” he feared that ship had sailed, but he had to at least try to make Dean see sense.
“I would expect nothing less,” Cas returned, his composure almost seeming intact, almost, if Dean hadn’t been able to hear that slight catch in his voice, see the hint of desperation in his eyes. Dean knew that it was all mirrored in his own.
“Save me,” Dean whispered, so quietly that Cas suspected he hadn’t been expected to hear it. He could practically hear the way the words made something inside him snap.
It was days before he saw Cas again. The angel appeared without warning, standing behind him in the bathroom, the shock causing Dean to drop the toothbrush he had been holding and tense with the memories that lay in wait every second of every day, ready to pounce.
Gabe took Sam’s hand, patting it reassuringly. Dean looked suspiciously at the flour covering both of their clothes.
Dean didn’t even consider responding, something that he knew he would have to assess at a later date, but for now all he could muster was a whine of need.
"No, you know what, screw you Sam. I've been doing just fine without you judging me, or pitying me, or whatever the hell it is you're trying to do right now. You left, do me a favour and stay gone.”
“I could do anything I wanted to you, and no one would come to save you. No one’s stepped foot in this building in years, the fence around the property is far enough from the building that no one would hear you scream,” Dean chuckled, “even if you could scream. You are utterly at my mercy.”
He grabbed the phone and, only hesitating slightly, dialled his brother's number, not even sure it was the current one. How long had it been? Not long enough for him to forget what Sam sounded like, but certainly enough to question his memory. Hell, Sam's voice might even have dropped in that time. Dean knew his own was deeper, by far, but perhaps that was a matter of experience, not age. He hoped Sam was blissfully free from experience. Bobby's call, however, did not fill him with confidence.
“But just think how good it would feel. We’re great together and you know it. Come on man, we’ve been fucking for a while and it ain’t caused any problems yet.”
Now, Castiel tried to silently communicate, now would be a good time to stop talking and play your role like the rest of us. It of course went completely over Gabriel’s head.
Cas was planning his vengeance from the second Dean left. He thought through his options, considering all the ways this could go. Should he kill him? Perhaps. It was certainly the dignified option, and yet, he had no desire to do so. He could chase him down easily enough, but he didn’t need to, all it took was a text. Dean was, as always, eager for his destruction. He arrived at the allotted place at the allotted time, without the most basic of precautions. He wasn’t even carrying a gun.
He grabbed the rest of his stuff, thanking whatever deity was listening that he’d never really moved into this place; most of his belongings were safely stored in the boot of the impala. Then he made his escape, practically running. As he turned the key in the ignition he risked a look back at the motel. Cas wasn’t chasing him, just leaning against the doorframe, watching him leave, fully nude without a hint of shame. Dean had to blink like he’d been staring into the sun, those tanned muscles and the grin on his lips were unfairly beautiful and, as if he knew what Dean was thinking, he raised a hand and waved goodbye. Freaking waved! Dean floored the gas before he could do anything stupid, like getting out of the car, shoving Cas back into the motel room, and kissing every inch of that perfect body. He couldn’t do that. Never again, he told himself. This was the last time they would see each other, and they could both go on living their lives like they had done before this started, like nothing had happened. The effort it took to not look in the rear view mirror as he drove away, to get one last look, was immense but necessary. The temptation would have been too great.
Dean didn’t sleep much anymore. Not that he ever had, but it was worse. His sheets were a damp mess most mornings. Nightmares like he hadn’t had since he was freshly out of hell.
Dean slammed the door of the small bathroom stall closed behind him and yanked his pants down enough to release his cock. He knew the erection wouldn’t go away, not with the memory of his encounter with Castiel so fresh in his memory. He needed a quick release, that was all, then he could get back to business.
There was a flash of movement as Cas flew at Uriel. Dean watched in amazement as Cas let loose on him with a ferocity that Dean hadn’t even known he was capable of. Uriel seemed even more surprised, he certainly didn’t looked smug anymore. Cas drove him into the ground, the other boy getting in a few good punches himself but clearly incapable of defending himself from the vengeful fury with which Castiel was attacking.
Cas killed mercilessly, the actions feeling robotic, empty. He had never been overly emotional, and yet this depressive numbness was new to him. He was so tired of war, tired of having to keep an eye on Gabriel, steering him away from dangerous subjects even as he agreed with his opinions. This was pointless, the war was gaining them nothing, their forces far too evenly matched for either side to get the upper hand, the restrictions of criminality and night-time making a final battle impossible.
Dean was burning with fury and arousal, absolutely refusing to do as he was told, and knowing that he really should be grateful for the reprieve that was so infuriating him. He was barely prepped and, he was fairly sure, this was one of the biggest cocks he had ever taken. That said-
“Gotcha brother of mine,” Gabe spoke cheerfully, before lowering his voice to stage whisper, “flour and bog roll it is.” He wiggled his eyebrows, mischief personified, and Sam honest to god giggled.
He practically flew out of the bar, ignoring Gabe’s outraged yells and threats of payback; they wouldn’t matter if Cas didn’t make it back alive.
He knew he was just focussing on the waitress to distract himself. He knew she wasn’t important in the grand scheme of things, the fury he felt was not truly caused by her, and yet he was a word away from slitting her goddamn throat.
“Open wide,” his voice had the musicality of glee as he watched Cas’ expression turn stormy. God he loved that look, like thunder brewing, like he was about to be struck down by the heavens.
Castiel raised an eyebrow suggestively and looked Dean up and down, with no attempt to cover up the moments where his gaze lingered on Dean’s lips, or the suddenly growing bulge in his pants. Dean blushed furiously.
The emptiness of the motel room bore down on him, loneliness making his breaths feel heavy, that familiar weight on his chest pressing him into himself. Introspection was a dangerous game for him, how could it not be when everything he did was so very wrong? He was itching for a kill, itching for that intimacy, desperate for someone to stop him.
"Just spit it out Sam," he spoke gruffly, unzipping his leather jacket and throwing it to the floor with one hand while holding the phone to his ear with the other.
He waved a hand in the general direction of the bedside table, already turned to mush with barely a touch, but it seemed to be enough. Supplies were retrieved and, with as little fanfare as anything else tonight, slick fingers speared into him. Dean cried out as he was briskly scissored open, writhing in a heady combination of pleasure and pain.
Cas refused to return the sentiment, no matter how deeply he felt it. One of them had to be sensible here.
He breached the rim slowly, tenderly, not increasing in pace or ferocity, even as Dean began to beg. The self loathing pouring out as if a dam had been broken, drowning Cas, only causing him to chase Dean's pleasure more intently, like it was air. He was practically sobbing, and Cas pulled himself away, caressing Dean's cheek and pressing spit slick lips to his dry ones.
The day before his birthday it finally came to him. He was looking at the fabric of Dean's shirt, the material worn soft and thin, probably owned for a decade, if not more. Dean wore his clothing like armour, like a hug, defensive, but somehow reassuring. Yes, that was something Dean possessed, with little to no shift in style in all the time he’d known him. Cas smiled at the thought of changing that. He ducked into the first clothing store he found, making sure Dean couldn't see him from the gas station they had parked at; he had heard these things were supposed to be a surprise, and looked through the racks of clothing until he found exactly what he was searching for. It was perfect, Cas was sure of it.
Cas focused on his drink, taking an unnecessarily long sip to put off responding for a few more seconds. Gabriel cheerfully punched him in the shoulder.
Before Dean could blink Castiel had closed the distance between them, crowding Dean up against the alley wall. Dean swallowed at the intensity of the eyes that met his, and held them, with a magnetism that Dean found himself powerless to resist. He let out a gasp as Castiel ground against him, a gasp that was instantly cut off when he kissed him, hot and heavy, all teeth and furious tongue.
Dean didn’t seem any more willing to finish the thought than Cas was, and the next few minutes were tense and silent as the mood was shifted by memory.
Dean released Cas' cock and unzipped his own pants, pulling them down to his hips, then grabbed the lube he’d had the sense to bring and slicked up his fingers, barely having the patience to quickly finger Cas open. The way his body writhed, begging for more, the sounds he made behind the tape, were almost enough to get Dean off before he was even inside him.
If Dean hadn’t been so pissed off he would have admired the handy work. The message was so cleanly carved into the chest of his cousin, each letter perfectly crafted. It was no mean feat. Okay, so maybe he was admiring it a little. The angels always had a certain sense of style, he’d give them that. However the admiration was somewhat overwhelmed by the fury that burnt beneath his skin, burnt as hot as their house had that night so long ago, as hot as the implements of torture that had once cut him so deeply. A little revenge was good for the soul and he was sure to find it, god knows his soul needed all the help it could get.
"Now now Dean, we both know you like pain as much as pleasure. It's hardly a punishment if you enjoy it."
“Of that I have no doubt,” Cas found himself once again tracing those lines, the web of broken parts that seemed to be pulled tight with every harried breath, constricting his heart, “I’m merely trying to determine which of the many options at my disposal would have the most effect on your soul.”
These were troubling times, deeply troubling. If dissent among the ranks had spread even this far then who knew how much trouble Anna was facing in her duties elsewhere. This war was lasting far too long. It couldn’t go on much longer, not like this. Something had to change.
"Now now, do not fight unless you truly want your freedom, otherwise you may find yourself getting it and losing what you desire."
The warm tip of the angel's cock pressed against him, stilling for a moment, teasing, before shoving in.
It didn’t matter if Sam thought Dean was scared to go through the graveyard in the dark, pride wasn’t important, not now. He
Dean’s jaw flew back open, and without any warning he had a mouthful of cock, the tip pressing urgently against the back of his throat. Dean gagged and choked around the intrusion. Castiel showed no mercy, starting to thrust, going further down his throat each time. Dean couldn’t keep up, only having the sense to start swallowing around the cock that was blocking his air after what felt like an eternity of fighting his natural reactions. He heard a noise of appreciation and the thrusts slowed. Dean fought for breath, which was becoming increasingly difficult as the pain of rough treatment was replaced with a new, more urgent, concern. The lazy thrusts blocked his airway for so much longer than he was used to.
He chased Dean through the dark, knowing that the trail was far too easy to follow and yet powerless to do anything else, he couldn't risk Balthazar's life out of fear for his own. Dean may not have killed him yet, but he still could, and he seemed to have no qualms about killing any of the other angels, if his recent reign of horror was anything to go by. There was no proof that those bodies had been claimed by his lover and yet he knew, instinctively, so he raced headfirst into danger yet again. He should, perhaps, have told Gabe where he was going, but it seemed reckless to drag another of his brothers into the fray. If anyone died for his actions tonight it would be him and him alone. Throughout all of these grim thoughts the pull didn't cease, that stupid attraction to a man so dangerous to his way of life, to his life itself. One should not look too long into the sun, how had he forgotten that? Now the imprint of that light was seared into his eyelids, flashing in inhuman colours across his field of vision. He felt every resolve he had made crumble and he knew, even if Dean released Balthazar without the slightest demand, they would devour each other tonight.
No, this was not the way he dreamed. Everything was too clear, every detail perfect in its imperfection.
He knew he was repeating himself, but he had to be certain, had to ensure he was not misreading Dean’s desires. Their dynamic was one wrong move away from crumbling, turning into something darker, or worse yet; something honest. This had to be done right or he wouldn’t manage it at all.
Cas, and yet somehow they still caused a lump to rise in his throat. The angel faltered for a second, then his eyes cleared of anger, and filled with compassion. Dean lay down in the bed, guiding Cas to lie beside him, and Cas hugged him tight to his chest.
The bell rang and Dean grabbed his bag, half out of the door before a voice stopped him in his tracks.
“Like this.” Castiel pulled his face to his and kissed him tenderly. “Just think, I’ll hear.” He closed his mouth on his again, softly moving his lips over Dean’s. Dean closed his eyes, and remembered, remembered every little detail he didn’t know how to say, couldn’t say. The kiss sweetened with every awful thought, like Cas was trying to lick away the pain, letting out slight whimpers at the worst of it. Dean didn’t know how long they stayed like that, Cas’ lips seemed to stop time, but when they eventually separated Dean felt dazed like he’d woken from a dream.
“I won’t have a chance to test my hypothesis if you kill yourself with the bottle first,” yes, teasing was safer than the truth.
“You want suffering, don’t you? You want me to pick apart all of the scars on your body and make you bleed anew. I can see it in your eyes, so feel no need to answer unless I command you to. I am here to give you what you want, tonight, so bleed you shall. Of course you probably should have done even if you hadn’t so called out for it, your actions beg for it as loudly as your words. You are as sinful as you are beautiful. What would it take, do you think, to make you good? Answer your master when he asks you a question, boy.”
“You two are disgusting.” Dean turned in surprise at Gabriel’s voice, pulling away from Cas, only to instantly return his arms to steady him as he began to sway again.
“Which one of you fessed up first? See I have this bet with Samshine and I could really use the twenty bucks.”
Sam was too numb to argue. He let Dean lead him away, sat on the step, and didn't look when he heard the sounds of Dean finishing the job.
Cas shook himself out of it and cuffed Dean to the nearest bin, adjusting his clothing so it at least half covered him, and searched through the contacts on his phone until he found the number he was looking for.
Sam didn’t ask. Jack didn’t ask either, Jack just stated a fact, with the simplicity of an all knowing child.
The angel's expression brightened and Dean instantly knew that, no matter what the gift, accepting it was already worthwhile. He tore at the paper, briefly wondering if the angel had wrapped it himself, before concluding that it must have been done in store. No way anyone would spend all that time on his sorry ass. He took the lid off the box, and froze. There must have been a dozen pairs of panties in there, all in bright colours, and a variety of fabrics. He reached out a trembling hand and ran his fingers over satin and lace.
He spun Cas around by the chain that was holding him and swatted his ass hard, before leaning into him, chest flush against his back, hands settling on his waist. He pressed his chin into the crook of his neck, lips a hairs breadth from his ear, and whispered.
Dean shoved Bobby away, wincing when the needle that he had been using to sew up a knife wound dropped from his hands and swung from him sickeningly, like the pendulum of some messed up clock.
"I believe family is supposed to forgive," Castiel was not the forgiving sort, and he did not truly possess a family, so he couldn't claim the statement was anything beyond a platitude.
“I can see that.” Dean stared at the heaps of boxes and bags, dumped without any organisational pattern he could see. “Please tell me you know where her stuff is.” The sight of it was giving him a headache.
Cas ran a filthy tongue across his collar bone, licking into the dip above before moving down his body to bite at his nipples. It wasn’t like Cas had ever been gentle, but there had been some small display of restraint. That was gone now. This was no longer a matter of kink, but of animal aggression.
“Good,” Cas’ voice was unsteady, which somehow managed to pierce through Dean’s panicked thoughts and gasps for air, filling him with something resembling pride.
"You are scheduled for death, those are the orders. It's nothing personal, if that is of any consolation."
“Okay, horror movies.” Cas announced determinedly, collapsing down on the bed and picking up his laptop.
“Only if you come with me.” Castiel raised an eyebrow suggestively. “Not what I meant, but it is now.” Dean smirked.
He reached out, firm hands taking hold of Dean’s shoulders and shoving him to his knees on the filthy concrete.
“He loved me. He loved me all these years and I fucked it up Sam. We could have had what you and Eileen have but I was too fucking scared and I left it too late and now he’s gone and there’s nothing I can do.”
"You talk too much." Cas crossed to the bed in a single stride, and stuffed a pair of black lacy panties into Dean's mouth. He carefully appraised Dean's expression, before leaning towards him and speaking in a much softer tone. "If you don't like the way anything progresses, if you feel at all uncomfortable with anything I do to you, just spit them out and tell me. I do not wish to harm you."
"Yeah, out back." Dean said unnecessarily, their break time hangout spot was rarely subject to change.
Cas ran a leisurely hand down his own chest, stopping for a little to play with his nipples, then moving down to stroke his cock. He made sure to draw this out, putting on a show, every action designed to drive Dean crazy. It was clearly working, Dean was panting slightly, eyes glazed with lust. Cas shot him a wink, coating his hand with precome and beginning to pump his cock in earnest. Dean groaned, eyes falling closed. Cas wasn't having that, he would not allow Dean to find solace in the dark. He moaned loudly and Dean's eyes snapped back open, fixing on him unblinkingly as Cas thrust into his fist. He whimpered, and Cas could see the moment his resolve broke, he reached out to grasp Cas' hips, then pulled back like he'd been burned. He'd remembered, but too late. Cas grinned wickedly, Dean's knuckles whitening where he clasped them in place, uselessly now. He had condemned himself, and he knew as much.
“I’m not saying boss man doesn’t have some very sound ideas, alls I’m suggesting is that he’s perhaps not prioritising what’s important nowadays. I mean, Cassio, you’re killing every which way and centre, and the numbers still aren’t coming up even. Which is all kindsa wrong anyway since those numbers are our brothers and sisters dying, and their brothers and sisters on the other side. People are people, and land is just land.”
"You know, for all your talk of control, I am beginning to suspect you lost more than you gained. Do you feel more control like this, Dean? Does your heart rate steady and your breathing slow as I grind you into a table and make you mine? You need this, don't you?"
“You know, you didn’t need to get a potentially deadly injury to get me to say yes. I would have gone out with you anyway, if you’d just asked.” He only realised the words were true as he spoke them. How long had he been wanting this? How had he managed not to notice all of these years? Freaking moron. Freaking moron who was going out with Castiel Novak. All of a sudden he was grinning right back.
Dean forced himself to eat, his insides tied in knots, not really tasting it. He was just drawing out the inevitable, he knew that.
His heart was pounding in his chest, furiously reminding him that he was alive, and it wouldn’t slow no matter how many times he tried to tell himself that he wasn’t being chased. A part of him knew, for certain, that this wasn’t even close to being over. God he hoped it was.
He wasn't the only one, it seemed. His gaze was drawn to the predatory gleam in the eyes of a man standing beside the bar. His shoulders were stiff, everything about the layers of shirt and jacket and trench coat screaming that he was out of place in this environment, and yet those eyes. That expression was not one of discomfort, but of hunger. Dean moved like he was drawn to him with a magnetic force, not really aware of making the decision to do so.
The killing high was still good, but honestly this sort of job always pissed Dean off. There was no struggle, no competition, just the wait. It was butchery, not a fight.
Uriel strode away, the click of the door behind him resonating through Cas’ bones. He sagged into a chair, closing his eyes, and knowing what must be done.
Castiel kept a tight grip on the blade in his hand, its weight grounding, familiar. The patter of rain dulled the sound of desperate footsteps, screams for a salvation that would not come. No one would hear this, not over the storm that raged in the city tonight.
He hung up before his brother could make him change his mind, which he knew he could have done with a single word.
scared, so it wasn’t a lie, just a half truth. Yet another half truth. One last Halloween, two if he was lucky, then Sam would understand.
It shouldn’t. It never had been for Cas. Dean’s view of the world was quite foreign, their lives seemed to be lived in parallel, and yet the experience felt like night and day. Cas spoke of the power rush, which was familiar to Dean if not the same, and the cold approach he took to such actions.
Holy fuck. Dean thought he might be on the verge of hyperventilating, if he could get any air into his lungs at all, which was becoming increasingly problematic.
“Come on Sam, reckon you’ve got plenty of sweets by now, but if you wanna keep going we can go back out after-“
He couldn’t go down to the dungeon anymore. He avoided that room with one excuse or another. Sam was the nerdy one, he could get the files, that was why it was. He wasn’t scared, didn’t fear the dark would come for him and never let him go, or tempt him with some cruel ghost of what could have been.
“Then do not ask me to. You do not get to control the details here. Either I do as I choose, or I do nothing at all, are we clear?”
His eyes searched his for a moment, silently asking for permission, he must have seen what he was looking for, because he leaned in. Dean’s mind worked a mile a minute as that short distance was closed, thoughts screaming that it was wrong, that he was a friend, his best friend. That he wasn’t gay anyway and his dad would disapprove and it was just so-
The teacher sat down behind her desk and gestured at the seat opposite. Dean forced himself to sit, wanting nothing more than to run, a familiar sense of doom settling over him.
“You should talk less and listen more, that is what you agreed to when you stepped aside, or have you forgotten that?”
Samuel had gone red in the face. The evil that Dean was certain resided within him coming to the surface as he glared down at the body.
He should have been able to kiss him before he went. He shouldn’t have had to watch love be snatched away from him while he watched, helpless. He should have been able to make Cas smile like he had, oh so briefly, every day for the rest of his life. He should get to have two pillows on his bed, warmth on the other side.
He was shoved through the door of an old storage facility, the space empty except for some bubble wrap and a few crates, containing something that had definitely passed its expiration date.
Sam rolled his eyes. Dean coughed, and Sam jumped slightly. Cas pulled bowls from a cupboard and took a pot of soup off the hob, still laughing.
"You think something has changed son? Ain't nothing changed. You've been a damn mess since your mother died, then worse since your idjit of a father had you shooting folks for the first time. You were barely out of diapers and you were already past fixin’. That don't matter to them that love you. Get over yourself and pick up the damn phone."
Dean sprang for the gun. It was inches from his hand, so freaking close, then Cas was upon him. How the hell had he moved that fast? He had him pinned to the floor, thighs straddling his waist and holding him down as he pressed the knife to his neck.
He carefully climbed out of the bed and tiptoed over to the bathroom, it seemed sensible to brush his teeth before waking Cas and trying for round two. Dean wasn't normally a morning person, the dreams made sure of that, but today he went about his preparations for the day with a fervour he was quite unaccustomed to, on the edge of whistling like some damn stupid Disney character.
“Gee, thanks.” Sam actually looked a little bit hurt, huh, this was a development Dean was certain he didn’t like.
He ghosted a hand down Dean's back, as if a few soft touches could make up for all the pain that was to follow. The muscles tensed beneath him, in anticipation of the punishment that had been promised. Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair, closing his eyes and willing himself to tighten his grip and pull. His fingers slipped away.
He held both of Dean's hands with one of his as he reached behind him to turn off the stove. Dean took the opportunity to yank himself free, grab a paring knife, and lunge for him. The ease with which Cas stopped his attack felt almost superhuman, causing Dean’s breath to catch in his throat, he didn’t even seem to feel the impact of Dean’s weight against his, all caught and dispersed with a single strong hand. Not even blinking at the knife that had been mere inches from ending his life. This time the grip on his wrist was so tight that he couldn't help but drop the weapon.
"If you do not wish to be restrained, just leave your arms at your sides, if you consent, cross your wrists behind your back. I know this might bring back some memories for you but, if you can get past that, I believe you might like it."
"You wanna get out of here?" Dean's voice was hoarse, it was practically a miracle he hadn't stuttered. Thank Satan for small mercies.
He laid him down across the desk and slowly, so slowly, opened him up. He was already hardening again. Seeing Dean rendered mute and pliant, covered in his come, was turning him on like crazy. Still, he took his time, enjoying the way Dean twitched and writhed as he held on to the edge. Dean wouldn't come, not obedient as he was now, Cas was sure of it. Still, Cas would not make it easy for him. He fucked Dean deep and demanding, not roughly, but thoroughly. Dean gasped out his pleasure, gripping the sides of the desk tighter and tighter as Cas pounded mercilessly at his prostate.
“Oh, it has a name?” Cas’ hand twitched towards his knife, “fret not, your pet hunter is safe, for now. You, on the other hand, are facing dire consequences should you not right your course.”
“Survive, then. If you emerge victorious you should not dwell on the past. You have been doing that long enough.”
He kissed Dean’s cheeks, his eyes when they slipped closed, the corners of his mouth. Dean keened into the touch, turning to meet his lips, and they kissed long and sweet, if sweet could describe something so tinged by sadness.
Cas buried his face between Dean’s legs, needing to hide from the eyes that he was going to close, needing to give a lifetime of pleasure in a single night.
The bottle of whiskey his dad had saved for a special occasion all those years ago, that's what it meant. Had to find warmth somehow.
His clothes were roughly torn from him, buttons probably popping from his favourite shirt, but Dean couldn't care less. There wasn't even a pause as the knife was discovered and tossed aside. Dean had the fleeting thought that he should be alarmed by that, surely normal people had some reaction to finding weaponry tucked beneath someone's clothing, but potential danger seemed immaterial with a warm, unexpectedly strong, body pressing him into the bed. He'd fought off attackers while naked before, both homophobes and enemies, he could do it again.
A finger pushed in, eliciting a gasp from Dean, then another one. Cas quickly scissoring him open. Dean’s muscles convulsed and he shuddered, he hadn’t had anything in his ass since that day so long ago. Memories rushed in, uninvited, and he whimpered.
A slick finger probed at his entrance, running circles around the rim, before pushing in. Dean felt his muscles contract at the intrusion, his body fighting the sensation, no matter how much he wanted it. He tried to push back onto the finger, take it deeper, but Cas held him steady.
Jack smiled in the library. He didn’t need to see with regular eyes, not anymore. He didn’t need them to know. Maybe he would tell them that he was still god, if they asked, maybe not. All they needed to know was that everything was good, now. All they needed to know was family, and love, and long nights of peaceful sleep.
“Err, I was wondering, could you do my makeup? Nothing fancy, just some basic zombie stuff, if you need guidelines I found this woman on the internet who does walkthroughs for-“
“If I wish to be kind, for whatever brief time I may, surely that would be my choice on any normal encounter.”
Cas unbuckled Dean’s belt and pulled it off in one quick motion, Dean moaned as he used it to tie his hands together above his head. Cas kept his arms firmly pressed against the wall with one powerful hand as the other undid his trousers. He pulled Dean’s cock free of his underwear and silenced his gasp with another probing kiss, his hand sliding along Dean’s length as he did so.
The pressure on his back was released and he heard a zipper being done up. Holy shit had he been clothed the entire time? A new flash of arousal went through him at the thought. He caught a flash of trench coat as it whisked towards the door and he sluggishly turned onto his back, fighting limbs that had gone limp to raise himself up on his elbows.
"I know your home life is... challenging, and as such we have made special dispensations for your situation, but you are testing our patience Mr Winchester. This is your final warning. That will be all."
Castiel's finger shoved in fully, and Dean almost came right there. Goddamn that angel had a mouth on him, if he'd known that Cas could talk like this, Dean would have made a move a long time ago.
How could he when his eyes were covered? How was Cas here? He hadn’t been here last time, this had been before-
Dean didn't even know where to start with that. It was weird enough for his friend to be buying him underwear in the first place, but his mind sort of stalled when it ran into the words pink and satiny, particularly with Cas in the same sentence. The memory of that one night when he was nineteen played in high definition, and he found that his mouth had gone dry. Cas' head was tilted to one side, and Dean wondered how long he'd been silently frozen in place.
"What's it to you?" He stuffed the shirt in the bin, making a mental note to dispose of it properly later, and sat down on the bed.
He opened his eyes, spots dancing across his vision as he hyperventilated, the light that surrounded Cas blinding him.
Dean rolled his eyes at the audible quotation marks but was cut off as Castiel kissed him with an intensity unlike anything the two had shared before. Their bodies were so close together that he could feel the angel’s erection pressed against his own through their clothes. He mentally laughed at his previous remarks about personal space. Cas somehow moved closer, tongue aggressively exploring Dean’s mouth, cutting off Dean’s train of thought. Dean sensed that was deliberate, damned angel telepathy. Cas nipped his lower lip then broke out of the kiss. Dean whined at the loss of contact, belatedly remembering that he needed to breathe.
They hurriedly climbed down the ladder, Dean determinedly keeping his eyes off the other boy’s ass, and raced into the bedroom. Dean started salting the doors while Cas sorted through his mother’s jewellery. He didn’t do it fast enough, and the ghost shoved him to the floor.
“Yeah I’m well aware you big dork. What I’m saying is that I’ll do what I’ve gotta, but I don’t see why we gotta keep killing those hunter losers over this hellhole of a city. Don’t know if you’ve noticed but there’s a whole world out there, with plenty of people who need to buy drugs to forget about it. There are enough of us to take somewhere new, there won’t be for long if things keep going like they’ve been going.”
Dean had been drunk, of course, the first night and the second. Castiel suspected Dean was drunk more nights than not, and would not complain about it when words were the sum total of their intimacies. It was more intimate than Cas had at first expected. Dean was reckless when drunk, his opener of “miss you Cas,” already far more than he should have revealed. It had only been a day, and yet Cas echoed the sentiment, if internally. It had been a long day, and Dean was the cause of that, yet he was the only thing that seemed capable of soothing the frayed edges it had left. He supposed these conversations were something of an addiction for him, every bit as destructively all encompassing as the alcohol that Dean clung to, for he seemed incapable of turning them down no matter how aware he was of the need to. Shakespeare, as always, gave form to his thoughts. ‘These violent delights have violent ends’ had always seemed relevant to the life he led, now more than ever. The violence had been ever present, but never holding the delight that this violent man gave him. Perhaps he should have been scared, had he been more susceptible to such feelings, by the confessions Dean imparted over the crackly phone line.
"Worry not brother, I will make sure of it," Castiel spoke as deadly calmness swept over him. He had his orders, a mission to complete. He would smite the hunters with righteous fury, and the land would be cleansed by it.
He didn’t say that he wasn’t so sure that it would be, but the thought burned bright in his mind, lingering far beyond the conversation. Even as that awareness scared him, he knew that his life would be far easier if Dean simply drank himself away. No matter how much he hoped that he wouldn’t, no matter how much the idea of losing Dean for any reason made his heart ache in a way that was utterly unfamiliar, yet instantly dangerously identifiable. Castiel had never expected to find love, it was a shame he should have to kill it.
Uriel kicked Dean where he lay, aimed a gun at his head, glared at Castiel as his hands hung limply by his sides. He was still trying to think. He needed more time.
do nothing but take it. He loved it even as he hated it, the way his mind twisted itself up in knots, the way he could still feel the sticky reminder of Cas' release on his skin and inside him, that feeling like he was still being fucked even though Cas was far away. It was torture, and Dean wanted so much more of it. He was happy as he went about his day, thinking about all the ways he could goad Cas into dominating him, in a way he was quite unaccustomed to. He felt like there was a future, like there was hope, like something good could exist in his life again. It was probably stupid to get so damn cheerful because of a bit of kinky sex, he hadn't even come, but damn if it hadn't felt good.
“Shit! Your head.” He examined the wound, swallowing as he saw just how much blood was matted in Cas’ hair.
Dean had a job to work, bills to pay, god knew his dad wasn’t earning anything. Sammy had to be clothed and fed. The house and the car needed to be kept in one piece. By the time all of that was done he barely had the energy to toe off his shoes before collapsing into bed.
"Kill him. If you do not then I shall,” Uriel spoke with entitlement and disgust, as he always did, but Castiel was not oblivious to the plea hidden beneath. Fraught as their relationship was, had always been, they were still brothers.
“You definitely have a concussion, but I would have done eventually!” Dean was trying to persuade himself more than Sam. Sam was, as usual, impossible to fool.
"I love the sounds you make." Cas growled, and bit a trail down his neck, before pulling the soaked panties out of Dean's mouth, throwing them haphazardly across the room. "I want to hear you say my name as you come for me."
"It's a funny quirk of mankind, I find, how while some will do anything to avoid pain, others..." there was no need to finish his sentence, he merely rained down a series of blows in quick succession and allowed Dean's reaction to speak for him. It was beautiful, how quickly he opened up beneath his ministrations, aching for more. Castiel was a sadist, sure, but the pleasure Dean experienced was an aphrodisiac far more powerful than anything else he could remember. He was so responsive, so wantonly needy, and Cas was powerless to refuse his wordless pleas. He beat him hard, not out of anger, no matter how fun it was to play that role, it was more of a devilish curiosity that lead him to land harder and harder blows.
Dean took off his gloves, turning on the tap and washing away the blood they had been hiding. He knew he should have been wearing them in the first place, but it was so much better bare skinned. Not like Dean Winchester was afraid of jail. The advantages far outweighed the danger. He watched the pink water running down the drain with a sick sort of satisfaction, even though he knew he would never really be clean. His phone blared in his pocket and he hurried to dry up.
Dean nodded, hiding as much of his face as possible in the bedding, blushing as Cas pulled open the drawer. He knew what else the angel would find there.
Dean took a moment to think, knowing that the angel, his angel, would allow him that. His angel. This wasn't some monster, something evil, trying to hurt him. This was Cas.
When he regained the ability to form conscious thought Dean lowered the chain holding Cas, just enough for him to stand more firmly on the ground, and pulled off the tape.
“Your daddy would be ashamed to hear his own blood talk like this. Shut your mouth and do your damn job.”
Cas pulled Dean into another kiss to illustrate the point, which, judging by the hurriedly retreating footsteps, had the desired effect. Cas pulled away and smiled in a self satisfied kind of way.
Dean nodded his respect when Cas didn't wince at the taste of the cheap liquor, watching with heavily lidded eyes while he took a few more sips. When in Rome, he supposed, best to get as drunk as the Romans. It was a shame it would take a liquor store to reach that point, and Dean had surely drunk the nearest one dry.
And they were, when they finally returned from the hospital, which had been far too busy for Dean’s comfort, they found their brothers curled up on the couch, asleep amongst a sea of candy wrappers. Dean rolled his eyes and tidied up the mess, then followed Cas upstairs.
, infinitely grateful for the euphoric daze he sensed in Dean’s thoughts. He untied Dean’s hands and took the hunter in his arms, Dean instinctively lowering his chin to rest in the hollow of his shoulder, and held him there as the fog lifted from both of their minds.
They moved without thought, distantly hearing china crashing to the floor as their lips collided. After that he didn’t think he would have heard if a bomb had gone off. Every sense he had was focussed on Cas’ hands in his hair, the wild movement of lips and tongue, the little sounds of breath shared between them, the unique smell of Cas (something electric and primal), the taste of coffee and need. If either of them had a brain cell left unoccupied perhaps they would have taken their chance to strike, but they didn’t, they were consumed entirely.
Dean still listened to the messages, no matter how much they hurt him. He couldn't seem to resist. Sam hadn't called, not in a long time. It was like freedom, and a length of rope. Bobby, on the other hand, was persistent.
He took a long drag, leaning his head against the wall as he slowly exhaled. He smiled when he felt a familiar figure settle against the wall beside him, side pressed to his, warming him. He held out the spliff, Cas' fingers brushing against his own for slightly too long as he took it. Dean turned his head to watch as Cas breathed in the smoke, the way his lips curled around the joint, the expertise with which he exhaled. Cas caught him staring and shot him a grin. Dean looked away.
"Though, I have to say, the leather does compliment your skin beautifully. And I was right; you do look excellent in silk."
“We kill people for a living. This is pretty far down the list of bad decisions both of us have made in our lives.”
That was it; Dean was done for even before Cas reached under his panties and started pumping his cock.
“You want me to carry on.” Cas stated. Dean nodded again. “I need you to say it.” The love behind the words forced Dean to speak.
“Hello, Samuel? Dean can’t come to the phone, he’s a little tied up right now. The next one you send after me dies,” he gave him the address, not wanting Dean to stay out in the cold too long, then hung up before the asshole could respond.
"I know I'm just a stranger who has fucked you a couple of times, but you can talk to me if you wish. I am here afterall."
“Relax Cas, you know it doesn’t bother me who you stick your dick in, just keep it out of family time huh?”
“Careful with that kind of talk Gabriel, people will begin to think your loyalties are being misplaced.”
“I could have done. I followed his trail, stalked like I would for a kill, and then I let him go. I did that for you Cas, do you feel grateful?”
"D' ya want some?" The bottle weaved in the air as Dean held it out to him. He supposed inebriation was as good a pastime as any. He took the bottle and, when he realised there was no glass to follow, wrinkled his nose and took a long gulp of the burning liquid.
Dean crossed the room, tightly gripping Cas' arms and shaking him slightly, the desperation in his eyes causing Cas' smile to fade. Returning him to reality.
“I bet you thought you were doing something good when you traded yourself for your brother. Dean Winchester, the saviour, the hero. You didn’t save anyone Dean, you just condemned yourself. You will betray your family as surely as your flesh will split beneath my knife.”
Cas reached under his body and stroked Dean's cock through the fabric, Dean jerked at the unexpected pleasure, thrusting into the hand, chasing forward in an attempt to find more friction. He could feel his pleasure mounting, and was beginning to think that Cas had decided to make him come like this, when the hand cruelly pulled away. He whined and tried to rut against the bed, but a strong hand clamped down on his hip, stilling his aching body.
Dean’s entire body was shaking as he watched his father being lowered into the dirt. He couldn’t meet the eyes of his brother, watching him far too knowingly from the other side of the grave. He could feel half of the congregation casting glances at him, hear low murmurs as he found himself incapable of throwing dirt on the coffin of a man he might as well have killed. His stitches ached beneath the tight confines of the suit he’d been forced to wear. The pain was nothing, not after what he’d endured, but the reminder of what he’d done made his stomach turn. Every rustle of fabric, every breath of air over the wounds he hadn’t been able to cover, had him tumbling back into that room. A hand clapped him on the shoulder and he jolted violently.
It didn’t matter how much distance he put between himself and the rack, Alastair still had him, body and soul.
Dean nodded mutely and practically ran out of the classroom, tripping over his feet in his haste to leave.
Exhaustion and guilt warred with arousal, but as always guilt won out. He withdrew his hand. At least this way he was suffering for his crimes, in some strange sense. He fell into a restless sleep, that somehow did nothing to lessen the bone deep tiredness. Nothing ever did.
Dean woke on the morning of his birthday with a splitting headache, nothing new there; the half empty bottle of Jack on his nightstand had a lot to answer for. He grumbled as he slowly rose to his feet, only leaving the warmth of his bed because he needed painkillers, stat. He slouched to the kitchen and searched through the cupboards, only keeping one eye open, hoping that he could go back to sleep if he just kept as much light out of his eyes as possible. His hand finally landed on the pills, and he popped two into his mouth before filling a glass of water to wash them down.
“The last time I did as you asked of me you had an exceptionally adverse reaction so excuse me if I am no longer listening to your demands,” the anger in his voice pleased Dean, at first, before the guilt set in.
“We’ll get it out of you sooner or later. You’ll say yes. You have no control here Dean. Everyone breaks in the end. It’s only a matter of how much I get to cut on you before you say yes.”
“Dean, you okay?” Sam’s worried voice through the door wasn’t enough to snap him out of it this time.
Sam walked into the room and eyed their messed up hair and dopey expressions, walking over to the coffee pot and taking a long gulp of the warm liquid. He started back towards his room, full cup in hand, before turning back towards them.
“You remember that time we thought it would be a good idea to get stoned before finals, and we ate all those brownies and nearly passed out?” Dean almost cracked a smile at the memory. “I feel like that.”
Dean blew him a kiss and turned on his heel, only avoiding running for the amount of time it took him to get out of sight. He was terrified, exhilarated, back to that high he had been missing. The game was no fun without a little danger.
Cas grinned somewhat manically at Dean, whose worry only seemed to increase, a fact that cut through the buzzing in his ears.
Yet being the operative word. He could feel the traps being set, the danger looming in the distance. For all he knew, it could already be too late.
Dean regretted his decision to go home the second the house pulled into view. All those dark windows, the unkempt lawn, the smoke stains that they still hadn't been able to get out. It looked cold and scarred, uninviting, empty. Familiar in all the wrong ways.
The high of the kill dimmed slightly and Dean became aware of his surroundings again, hearing the pulsating beat of the crappy club music outside. He stepped over the body, walking over to one of the cracked porcelain sinks and washing his hands. He knew someone could walk in at any moment, he knew he could get caught literally red-handed, he also knew he liked it that way. Exhibitionism and murder were perhaps not the best combination, but damn if it didn't get him hard.
He’d been a foolish kid, so damn stupid. He would never be a kid again. Four months, might as well have been forty years. The doctors could only stitch him back together so well, he’d been ripped to pieces so thoroughly, so many times. His body felt ancient, creaking as he moved, held together with tape and safety pins. His mind felt older still. Pain dragged everything out so fucking long, which had to be god’s cruellest joke, not that the guilt that followed was much better.
He glanced up, saw pupils blown wide with agony, and looked back down at his work. It was good enough. He flung his kill to the floor, head colliding with the pavement, no strength left to lessen the fall. He was close to dead already but Castiel didn't do half measures. He raised his foot and stomped down on the fading man's neck, gradually applying more pressure until he heard something snap. His eyes glazed with the sheen of death and Cas walked away, whistling once again.
Dean started undoing buttons, struggling to remove clothing with Cas’ arms wrapped around him so tightly. Cas reluctantly released his death grip, shoving at Dean’s layers, hindering more than helping. He was impatient. He wished he could have removed the clothes with a snap of his fingers, made it disappear without these moments of distance.
Cas crossed back to their position against the wall, smiling as he took the spliff from his hand and relit it. He snaked an arm around Dean’s waist and pulled them flush together. Dean’s breath caught in his throat.
Cas swallowed, then raised himself to his full height, looking Uriel in the eye with a ferocious calm.
Dean licked his lips and stared up at him. Cas wasn’t sure if he had forgotten the question or was just choosing to disobey, but he suspected the latter. He slapped him again and felt Dean’s cock twitch against him.
Dean's warmth was nice beside him, just like the warmth of the whiskey spreading through him and calming the fire within. Their arms brushed against each other and Cas realised just how rarely he sat with someone like this. He had never yearned for it, but now that he had it he wondered why.
Cas slowly returned to his apartment, not looking forward to clearing up the chaos, knowing he wouldn’t be able to sleep without doing so. He was worried about Dean, a fact he seemed incapable of ignoring. If he was as exhausted by their encounter as Cas was then he feared for his resilience in the face of the elements, and the questions that were sure to follow.
“I don’t care about the freaking pie!” Had those words seriously just come out of his mouth? That was probably the weirdest thing that had happened today, and it had been a really weird day.
He took a deep gulp straight from the bottle, the cheap liquor burning his throat, warming his insides, sending fire to all of those dark places. Perhaps that was the way he should go, burnt up just like his mother, wouldn’t that be freaking poetic. He chuckled at the concept, the sound painful to his ears, lacking the musicality of genuine amusement.
He sliced into his flesh, carving patterns into the body, ignoring the cries and the struggling limbs. He barely felt the nails scratching at his arms, the kill always focused him, his own body no longer mattered. Everything was reduced to the knife, the art of butchery, the blood rushing out of pumping arteries, like it had been trapped behind a dam, eager to escape. He laughed at that thought. Little whimpers reached his ears, distant, dampened by the fog in his mind, or maybe the rain.
"Please, please," Dean gasped out, reaching for Cas' shoulders, not seeming to know whether to push him away or pull him closer.
The response wasn't really necessary, but Dean nodded anyway, before his face was pressed firmly into the woodwork.
“I love you,” he blurted without thought. He couldn’t pause, not this time. He would never stop to process again. Embarrassment and backpedalling and a foot in the mouth held no fear compared to what had come before, the sickening terror of too late, too late. Not too late now. How was it not too late?
Dean did a freaking amazing job, if he did say so himself. He couldn’t help smiling, despite everything, as Sam did a horrifying, and not in the right way, zombie impression. Acting was never the kid’s strong suit. He didn’t care though, as the unfairly tall little twerp bounded along, doing about as good a job of looking dead as a hummingbird on its third cup of coffee, Dean found he couldn’t
Cas turned him around, pressing him back against the desk, bodies firm against one another. Dean winced slightly at the hard surface against his ass, before he squared his shoulders and regained control of his features.
Cas hadn’t managed to find a way out of this mess. The entire night had been spent awake, searching for an answer, to no avail. He had just come to the singular conclusion that, while facing Michael’s wrath was terrifying, killing Dean was far worse. He quite simply could not do it, and everything else was secondary to that realisation.
The moan that this sentence wrung from Dean was quite possibly the sexiest thing Cas had ever heard.
“N- no,” Cas pulled harder on the hair, stopping just shy of yanking it from its roots, “sir.” Cas smiled darkly and relaxed his hold.
"Yesterday, before I fucked you until you cried," he knew that it was a taunt, a distraction, a ploy to make him do something stupid, but dammit it worked.
Dean kissed him ferociously, and Cas moaned into his mouth, erection rubbing against his enemy’s hip.
“I’m just sayin’ what’s true. You can keep on pretendin’ if you like, but that won’t stop what’s comin’.”
Cas’ forehead wrinkled adorably as he thought about it. Wait, no, adorable was not a word he should be using to describe his best friend.
Dean snuggled closer to Cas, pressing against his body in a way that he hadn’t allowed himself to do in years.
He showed up to the meeting in his usual attire; trench coat, suit, long silver blade hidden up a sleeve, garrote embedded in the silk of his tie, poison in his inner pocket. He saw no need for guns, not when he knew full well he could easily kill a man with his bare hands.
Castiel was beautiful, the attraction too strong to ignore, but Dean knew it could never become anything more than a fantasy. He was broken, and if it had been bad with women, it would surely be far worse with a man. He pretended not to see the yearning looks, pretended not to feel his heart flip every time he heard his voice, or their bodies momentarily brushed together, but he could only pretend for so long.
"So stubborn," Cas tutted, "of course if I bound you, beat you, fucked you, you would be powerless to do anything but that which I ask. Your bosses surely couldn't hold a defeat at the hands of such a fearsome enemy against you, could they?"
"Cas, what've you done?" Dean's panicked voice drew his attention away from the body. "They'll kill you."
Dean had the chains around Cas’ neck before he could react. The trapped man bucked and pulled at his hands, but didn’t claw, Dean smiled at that. Cas relaxed against him as he realised there was no way out, leaning his head back, exposing his neck, and giving a soft sigh. Dean pulled the chains tight, cutting off airflow, just for a second, just to see what it would feel like. He was already hard. He snapped cuffs around Cas’ wrists with his free hand, not letting the chain go slack, and hooked the length of it over a meat hook, the cuffs connected to the chain. He tested the bond, making completely sure that Cas had no way of breaking free, Cas pulled against them for good measure, raising one eyebrow at Dean.
He was pulled through the room like a hostage in a gunfight, all violence disguised as affection. The hand around his waist pulling him close and gripping him tight enough to bruise. He couldn't tell if Cas had always been intending to seat them at the table in the dead centre of the room or if he had only decided to do so when he felt Dean leaning towards the darkest corner booth. It was a decision that infuriated him, they were far too exposed here, but he clamped his mouth shut as Cas squeezed him slightly tighter in warning. Yes, he might as well have been a hostage, for all the choice he was being afforded.
Dean’s attention was instantly pulled to the intruder, hatred making his skin crawl when he saw who it was. Cas didn’t withdraw his hand, defiantly refusing to break contact.
Dean drank like a man condemned. He supposed he was, in a sense. His neck would be on the chopping block sooner or later; people like him, they didn’t live long. He’d dispatched a few of them himself, they never looked surprised. He used to keep a notebook, a little book bound in red leather, full of the names. He could remember some of them, the first ones, the ones that mattered. When he’d filled it up he didn’t start another. He didn’t need more proof that he was a monster.
Cas growled, a low rumble that reverberated through Dean's body. He gulped in air as the angel sucked a hickey onto his neck, biting and licking at every inch of exposed skin he could find, tracing a path down. Cas glared at Dean’s jeans like they’d caused some kind of personal offense, and clicked his fingers. Dean jumped as cold air suddenly touched his bare legs, only registering the red silk that was now all he was wearing as Cas leant forward and nuzzled it. Dean's dick grew achingly hard at the attention. The slide of the silk as the angel's warm mouth ghosted kisses to his crotch could almost have set him off then and there, if Cas hadn't chosen that moment to pull away.
Cas raised an eyebrow and Dean ducked his head. He didn't need to answer, Dean would do as he was told.
“You know I’m not gonna stop Cas. Don’t matter how good you fuck me or how much I wish I didn’t have to, I do my damn job.”
If this got taken back he thought he might die, the more he said the more difficult it became for Dean to deny that he wanted, that he
“Undress.” Cas ordered, his voice low and sensual. Dean shivered at the change in Castiel’s demeanour, it was a little scary, but sexy as hell.
“I didn’t-“ he was going to say he hadn’t known, that he hadn’t made him do anything, but the lie was as clear to him as it was to Cas. “I don’t know.”
“Regardless, I am putting an end to it. Goodbye Dean. Do not call this number again, I will not answer it.”
This was stupid, so so stupid. Cas knew the risks, should Uriel find out, or Dean decide to kill him at his most vulnerable. His eyes scanned the street as he lowered the blinds in the small room they’d paid for, charged by the hour. It was dingy and decayed and probably filthy, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He wasn’t scared of Dean, but for him, and that fact terrified him. Tomorrow they would both behave as they should. Tonight they were just two people who couldn’t bear to let go. Tonight felt like goodbye.
Dean complied before he was even aware he had registered the order. The response earned him a pat on the head and a satisfied smile.
He removed the rest of his clothes and walked back into Dean's line of sight, watching his hands twitch, clearly fighting the urge to touch, to remove the gag, to do something. Cas would not bind him, that would make things far too easy, Dean's greatest struggle would be self control.
If only there was a way to bring Cas back. If only there was something, anything, he could do to save him. Dean wanted to die, but he knew that even in death he wouldn’t get what he truly wanted, so he kept on living. One day after the next. More suffering, more silence.
“I will not do anything of a sexual nature without your consent, no matter the context of our encounter, so you have two choices right now. Either I can punish you for attacking me as I would any other who did the same, all be it in a way less fatal, or I can punish you as a wayward lover. I expect you should find the second option vastly more pleasurable.”
The alley next to Cas’ building was suitably cut off. Dean shrugged off the coat and braced himself.
“No, you listen Castiel, and listen well. These cockroaches are destroying our family, and your paramour is responsible for more than his fair share of that destruction. Love may have blinded you, but I will not be similarly weakened. Tomorrow you and Uriel will hunt down Dean Winchester, smite him from this earth, and when that is done we shall... have words. Do I make myself clear?”
Dean had been about to take a bite of, what would turn out to be, the last pie he would see for four months. Sam had been telling some heart eyed story about Ruby and... yoga or something, Dean had been kinda distracted by the pie, and who cared about that bitch anyway? He was moments away from a mouthful of cream and cherries and the best damn crust in town, when he’d had to drop his food and jump to his feet.
Cas turned on his heel and, before Dean knew he’d moved, he grabbed his arm, stopping his progress before his words could translate into actions.
Dean flushed crimson as he organised an ambulance. He listened to Cas give a dishonest explanation for the injury as they waited for the vehicle to arrive, silently thanking him for having the lingering good sense to not tell his little brother the truth.
The last thing John saw before a trigger was pulled and the life drained from his eyes was his son breaking down in tears, and perhaps that was the most unforgivable thing of all.
The stranger narrowed his eyes, tilting his head to the side and pursing his lips. Dean’s heart thudded in his chest, worrying that he'd read that look wrong, knowing that having seen this man no one else would do for the night. After a small eternity the silent deliberation ended and he nodded his head. Dean breathed a sigh of relief and lead the way out of the club, not needing to look to know that he was being followed, he could feel the eyes on him like a physical thing.
Bobby did leave, after that. He never stopped calling, but he left all the same. He quit the hunters, said something about being too damn old for bloodshed, and Samuel let him go. Dean knew it was his own stupid fault. He knew that if he reached out to the man he would take him back. He also knew he wouldn’t. He didn’t want anyone to care anymore, he didn’t want to hurt anyone when he finally got himself killed. He didn’t want anyone who mattered to look at him with horror or pity or concern. There was a reason monsters were always alone. It hurt so much less that way, and there was a freedom to being utterly unhooked from the world. There wasn’t anyone to care if he started drinking the second he woke up, or killed so brutally that it should probably be classified as torture, or came home limping from sex that he had allowed to be more violent than pleasurable. He was free to destroy himself, and he did.
He shoved his hands deep into his pockets, balling his fists and wondering if home was something that would ever exist for him again. Could it be considered a home if the people who had made it one were dead?
"Very well,” the sorrow was a brief flicker on his brow, before it was replaced with a coolly burning fury, “if that is the path you choose."
"We ain't got nothin’ in common anymore. I don't know shit about him and he don't know shit about me. How we supposed to even talk to each other?"
Dean didn’t know why he kept pushing Cas, didn’t know why he saw the knife and wanted his skin to split beneath it, didn’t know why the thought of Cas being anything resembling gentle right now had him on the edge of a panic attack. His mind was buzzing too loudly for him to make sense of anything, getting louder and louder with every second that passed until he just wanted to scream the noise away. Fuck, maybe he had deliberately knocked the damn glass over, because he knew in that moment that Cas was the only person in the world who could calm him down.
Dean made a break for it the second Cas let him land on the bed. He made it about a foot before Cas had him again. The freaking weirdo apparently had some kind of strap system hidden under his bed because Dean was down and tied tight before he could even process what was happening. He fought the bonds and found them unbreakable.
Dean's knees gave beneath him, which made it far easier for Cas to hoist him over his shoulder. Dean let out an undignified squawk and pummelled against the back of his captor. Cas bit down on his thigh, hard enough to leave tooth marks, and he went limp. There was no point in fighting, not yet anyway.
Cas slapped Dean’s ass hard, forcing him to breathe in sharply. He felt lubricated fingers probing his sensitive hole and he held his breath, waiting for the sting.
Why was he so incapable of shutting this shit down these days? Normally he could forget, normally he could just do, without thoughts of good and evil, right and wrong. Normally he got hard at the sight of blood. Not today, or yesterday. Not since he’d met Cas. He cursed himself; this was why men like him didn’t form attachments, it was too dangerous. He couldn’t afford to care, he couldn’t afford to want to be better. He didn’t have the right.
Dean came without warning, without control, quite against his will. He came so hard he blacked out for a second. He half expected to wake up dead, he half hoped he would. Dying mid orgasm had to be the best way he had a chance of going. Cas followed soon after and they slumped to the bed, tangled up in each other.
The weight of agreement settled across the table, distancing the rest of the world, sharpening the space between them.
Dean was a hunter, and god damn it he could hunt his own prey if he wanted to, regardless of orders, or good sense.
“No, dude, we can’t take your food.” Dean forced himself to grit out. Winchesters didn’t take charity, Winchesters didn’t need anyone, Winchesters were pig headed idiots who were going to starve to death one of these days. He internally cursed himself; the lack of food was making him overly dramatic, again.
Dean shook himself; he had to get it together. He couldn’t let himself get distracted by Cas doing... whatever he was doing. The priority right now had to be Cas’ wellbeing.
He was warm and content by the end of the meal, enjoying the food and the company, the lack of worry caused by no longer having to choose. There was no need to choose, Castiel appeared to know what he needed better than he did himself. The second, of course, that Dean came to this realisation was exactly when Cas decided to tell him, "drink your whiskey Dean," in a deceptively calm voice, the true danger simmering just below.
"I know I just-" Cas stroked Dean's cheek, reassuring himself that he was still there," he was going to kill you and I couldn't let him do that and..." he dropped his hand. "Oh god what have I done?"
“Okay, I care a little about the pie, but I care more about you. Cas, I need to take you to the hospital.” Dean put his hand on Cas’ arm, not sure if the speeding pulse he felt was Cas’ or his own.
“Cas, please,” the desperation had returned, desperation that Cas knew was mirrored in his own expression.
"Then beg for it," that cruel glint was back in his eyes, and Dean knew, just knew, that there was no way he could win this game.
"When'd you give up?" Sam’s voice had gone quiet, pained. Dean ached to take back the hurt, but he knew he couldn’t do it, not this time.
“Could you just... be there? As backup or something?” He looked more like himself again, which Dean couldn’t help but be grateful for.
It didn’t take long to track down the cleaning lady. She was still slowly working through the rooms, the cart of bedding and bathroom supplies a clear sign of her whereabouts. Dean walked into the room on silent feet, the middle aged woman too focused on scrubbing a stain from the chipped tiles above the bathtub to notice his presence until he was on top of her. It was a simple thing, far too simple, to crack the unfortunate woman’s head against the side of the bath. He left her to bleed out, dead already. There was no time for ceremony, it was a plausible accident. He left the way he had come. He was certain there were no witnesses, no fingerprints, no cameras to prove his crime. The problem had been dealt with. The danger had passed, and another innocent person was dead because of him. His carelessness had cost her life.
Dean stared for a moment longer, before breaking into hysterical giggles. Cas’ lips twitched at the corners, not seeming sure whether he should also be laughing.
The room went cold, Cas’ speeding breath misting the air, goose bumps appearing on his skin. Dean grabbed his arm, pulling him out of the way as a pile of boxes collapsed where he had just been standing. They fell to the floor, landing half on top of one another. Dean’s breath caught in his throat. Cas’ lips were so close to his own, he found himself leaning closer, before his brain kicked in and he jumped to his feet.
Dean snuck glances at Castiel out of the corner of his eye as he sipped a fresh cup of coffee. He squeezed his hand tighter under the table, sending him a smile as the angel shifted ever so slightly closer in his seat.
Castiel nodded, looking frustratingly good, and Dean barely stopped himself leaning forward to kiss that indecipherable look off his face.
"I will put this simply," Dean bristled at the tone, hearing the patronisation, the implication that he was somehow lesser, "you are failing this class. You are also failing English, and history, and, if you do not vastly improve your grade point average by the end of the month, you will be expelled."
He agreed to meet at the motel. It was enemy ground, but he knew the layout, and he didn’t want to divulge his own address, not if Dean was who he thought he was. Oh how he hoped he was wrong.
“Am I?” Cas felt his own head. “I suppose I must have landed harder than I thought. Can we please get rid of this ghost so we can sit down and watch horror movies?”
Cas pushed Dean against the wall and Dean tensed, cruelly snatched from the moment as images flashed beneath his eyelids. Cas broke contact and stepped away, eyes wide with what looked like horror.
“Yes or no, it’s not that hard. We could have... coffee? Or pie. Fuck, pie!” Dean startled as the boy swore, it was such a rare occurrence. Before he could stop him Cas had extricated himself from his grip, and haphazardly stumbled into the kitchen. “God dammit!” He heard from the other room. He rounded the corner and found Cas staring in dismay at a blackened pie. “I wanted to make that for you.”
"The things I would do to you," his voice was deeper then he had heard it before, raspy and practically dripping sex."I could make you scream with pleasure, or pain, whichever you desire."
“Are you trying to goad me into killing you Dean? Because I should tell you now, that will not work.”
He took his phone out of his jacket pocket, fingers twitching as he waited for his call to be answered.
"Are you okay to continue?" Cas' lips brushed his ear as he spoke, and Dean shivered at the feeling of breath on sensitive skin. He swallowed down his nerves, and nodded.
Dean bit his lip as he came, hard, his orgasmic moans pushing Castiel over the brink as well. Cas kissed Dean reverently, marvelling at the fact that someone so beautiful not only existed, but wanted
He wouldn’t think about it. He absolutely would not dwell on the way he had followed that boy around for weeks, or the way his heart had raced every time he smiled at him, or how utterly crushed he had felt when Nick had turned around and laughed at him, when he’d found out that it had all been a cruel joke. Dammit, he was thinking about it.
A hand fisted in his hair and pulled him up, as far as his restraints would allow. Dean flinched, blood trickling down his chest and tears refusing to obey him as they leaked from his eyes.
Castiel did not like to work with others, he knew he was more effective alone, and Uriel had a way about him that did not gel with his methods, but he understood Anna’s desire to take Gabriel aside given all that had been said. He sincerely hoped that, should Gabriel turn traitor, he would not have to be the one to do it. Gabriel had always been his favourite brother, he should hate to have to kill him. Perhaps Anna would be able to talk some sense into him.
He sounded more curious than sad at the concept. Cas, on the other hand, could not be cool in the face of this death out of the many.
He was so grateful to have had Cas in his life, even if he was likely to end it. He had been heading for a crash for so long, he’d never hoped to feel anything beyond that. Yes, whatever happiness he had unexpectedly experienced was worth the cost.
"Cas, I'm not... Guys don't really wear stuff like this? Okay. I really appreciate the thought, but I can't-"
He swore to himself that, when he knocked a glass off the counter on his approach, it was absolutely, completely, accidental.
“Gimme a kiss before you go?” Dean looked hopeful, even as bruises bloomed across his body, and Cas gave in despite his best judgement. It was fleeting like a goodbye, and then Cas was walking away.
"So what's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?" Dean grinned as he leaned an elbow on the bar.
The conversation was lighter after that, talking about small things, like normal people presumably did. Still, it was hard to forget the situation they were in, and the meal tasted dull on Cas’ tongue when he made the mistake of comparing it to the last supper. The future tainted the present, making it feel fleeting, a mockery of itself. All the same, it was a pleasant evening, strangely enough; Dean moaning at the taste of the food, eyes crinkling as he smiled. Cas’ heart skipped a beat one too many times, a fact that he steadfastly ignored. The lazy handjobs they exchanged once the meal was gone were also worryingly tame, in a way that spoke of warmth and comfort that simply could not exist between them. They could not be normal, it wasn’t their place.
Dean heard the snap of a bottle opening as he shifted his position. He tensed in anticipation, and heard Cas tut fondly.
“Are you hungry? We don’t have any sweets, but there’s extra pumpkin soup and we were just about to sit down to eat.”
Ruby was on her phone. Ruby was always on her phone, and damn protective of the thing, which, as he now realised, should have given him a clue something was up.
Cas indulgently watched the exchange, having learnt from experience that it was safest not to interrupt the bickering.
Dean repeated the words a few times in his head, not sure what it was that was making him trip over them, then it dawned on him.
Dean found himself unconsciously running his fingers over his lips as he thought of the night before, of the slow almost tender way Castiel had fucked him, almost like-
“So, what? You think aunt Amara is haunting the house?” Cas’ voice was incredulous, even as his posture became defensive, the darkness in the room getting to him.
"I should kill you right now," Castiel growled as he slapped Dean again, with the full force of all that coiling muscle he hid so well. Dean groaned, arching into the pain.
Dean narrowed his eyes at the angel, internally debating whether it would be worth spitting out the gag in order to snap that it was none of his damn business how many sex toys Dean may or may not possess. Unfortunately the glare only proved to be the final straw, and Cas gave up completely on holding back the laughter.
He reached a hand down and slowly pulled the trench coat off Cas' shoulders. Cas stirred a little and Dean froze. When he didn't wake Dean moved on to the jacket. He just wanted to see the solid muscle he'd felt pressed against him, see how much of him was tanned, see if he had freckles sprinkled across his back like Dean did. It didn't seem like an unfair demand.
It wasn’t supposed to be a gang thing. Just some brotherly (plus one pesky girlfriend who would not leave the kid’s side) bonding time over burgers and pie, or salad in Sam’s weird ass case.
Dean shut his mouth, the unease eating at him. The violence between the two gangs had been going for as long as he could remember, but at least there’d been something of a lull after his father’s death, they just hadn’t been the priority with everything that had happened in those awful days. Now, though, this was escalating far too quickly and Dean couldn’t help but feel responsible. Of course killing Raphael had led to more spilt blood, more deaths in the family. It hadn’t been his choice, sure, but damn had he enjoyed it. Yes, this war was on him, he couldn’t turn his back on it now.
The war was wearing on him, Castiel was finding himself needing companionship in a way that he never normally would. He wished Dean had been sober, physical indulgence had a way of calming him. Sex was, by far, his favourite form of meditation. Tonight he felt like he was made up of blinding light, on the edge of an explosion, hot and tense and dangerous. He had killed far too much of late, and seen too many of his brothers and sisters killed in return. It was out of control. He had hoped to at least be able to find control in Dean. He slipped off his coat with a sigh and sat on the edge of the bed while Dean sank into the headboard.
Cas was mere inches away, smiling at the wide eyes, the uneven breathing, the despair. He breathed in the smell of fear, soon to be washed away by the rain, wiped clean.
“I am cooking. You are sitting down and resisting the desperate need, you apparently have, to stab me.”
Dean stared at the ceiling, trying hard to avoid looking at that stupid little angel figurine that he’d never been able to bring himself to throw away, trying to avoid looking at any part of the room that reminded him where he was. Memories were all that filled this house now, and he couldn’t afford to see them. He turned to look, incapable of withstanding the pull of remembered comforts, he was so fucking weak.
again. Castiel was patient, and caring, and stopped and talked things through whenever it became too much for Dean. But every time things got a bit rougher, every time he was pushed that bit harder, Dean felt panic rise in his chest, and he knew that had to change. He had to find a way past this, and, he decided, the only way past, was through it.
Dean laughed, flicking on the light, which still didn’t stretch to illuminate the walls. The small circle of light making it feel like they were the only people in the world, like this wasn’t impossible.
"What? You thought I loved you? It was all play pretend Sammy-o. You're sweet, I'll give you that, for hunter trash anyway. But it was all just a job, and I am good at my job. Hell, I'm the best, we've been trying to get to your family for years. You made it easy. How's it feel to know that you both killed your daddy?"
He thought, perhaps, a breaking point would come, and yet it never did. Dean sobbed into his punishment after a time, writhing and crying out, but every time Cas began to slow, to soften the impact or bring things to a close, Dean would level a challenging glare at him and Cas would know that his work wasn't done.
It was ridiculously easy to break into Cas' apartment, silently creeping through the hallways with his gun raised, in search of his prey. It was a nice building, if a little too modern for his taste, the decoration minimal in a way that did not feel lived in. It reminded Dean of his motel rooms, a thought which made him sad, was Cas just as disconnected from the world as he was? He supposed he shouldn't be surprised, and more importantly it shouldn't matter, he would be dead before he could answer the question.
“Well...” Dean grabbed a handful of sweets from Sam’s bag, ignoring Sam’s protests as he opened a chocolate bar and devoured it slightly too quickly.
"Abso-fuckin-lutely. I've wanted this, you, for years. Forever." Dean tried to stop his voice wavering at a sudden swell of utterly unwelcome emotion. "Now, do you wanna see me in my birthday present or what?"
Cas put a hand on his chest, over the tattoo, noticing now that a scar ran deep across it, cracking the ink. Dean’s heart was hammering violently, his body tense and shaking slightly. Cas frowned, and realised that the only truly cruel thing he could do now would be to delay any further.
"Use your imagination," Samuel grumbled darkly, and Dean knew what he was demanding, knew the horrors he was expected to inflict.
Cas cracked a smile at that, a small and heartbreakingly sad smile, that cut Dean far more than the knife ever could.
“Ain’t they already? At least this way there’s sex. I was tryna adjust to the idea of not havin’ you inside me again and… it sucked dude.”
“Why are you following me?” That deep husky voice growled at him, before his eyes widened in recognition and the arm pressed against his throat released.
Dean just glared at him, knowing that consent would equate to a betrayal, hoping that the choice would be taken away.
Dean pouted but sat down on a kitchen chair without complaint, leaning on the table and watching him cook in a way that would have felt strangely domestic if it hadn’t been for the dried blood on his chest.
He’d been meaning to say all of this anyway. It was real. Dean thought his heart might have actually stopped beating.
He drank enough that his fingers started to go numb, the room spinning around him, then drank some more. He turned on the TV and watched cartoon animals try to kill each other, attempting to ignore the gruesome realities that tried to impose themselves over the unreality.
“Ahead? After what they did to Mary? After this? We ain’t close to breaking even, let alone anythin' I'd call winning. Damn right I’m sure.”
“I was going to give you a choice of punishment, but since you decided to question me,” Dean opened his mouth, presumably to refute the charges being levelled at him, but Cas silenced him with a look, “and don’t think for a second I didn’t hear the sass in your tone,” Dean was panting slightly, arousal glazing his eyes, “I don’t think you deserve that accommodation.”
They were covered in blood and sweat and god knows what from the motel floor, the room was wrecked, they were wrecked. The fight had taken it out of both of them. Dean ached for release even as he fought it, he knew Cas was doing the same. It was like they had silently agreed to make this last as long as possible, the calm in the eye of the storm. They both knew what would come after. Only one of them could leave this room alive.
Dean didn't know when sex and violence had become so intertwined within his mind. He also didn't particularly care. They were complementary highs, like whiskey and cigarettes, deadly and indulgent. There was an element of guilt to it, sure, that almost went without saying. Dean Winchester was nothing without guilt, which perhaps should have done more to undermine the pure carnal pleasure he took wherever he could find it. That said, he didn't feel guilty when he held Raphael close to his chest and watched the life drain out of him. No, this was pure excitement, power and blood and delicious cruelty. His veins thrummed with an electric pulse, every nerve ending alive with ecstasy. His mouth fell open slightly, he licked his lips, mind emptied of everything but sensation.
“You look very scary Sam.” Dean was grateful for the lie, he didn’t think Sam could look scary to save his life, but the compliment made his smile widen.
It had been years since it happened, that dark night in the back of a bar, but he still had nightmares about it. If Sammy asked, Dean would tell him it was hell he was remembering, supernatural creatures, things he knew he would understand. But that was a lie. When it came down to it the worst monster of all, the one he had been truly unable to fight off, had been all too human. He hadn’t had sex in years, whenever he did it all came rushing back, sex was no fun after that. The abject terror running through his drunken brain, the complete helplessness, it was all too much to bear. He cried sometimes, late at night when the booze made him remember, and there was no one else to hear. He thought he could go on like this, always alone, always hiding the truth from everyone, and then he met him.
“Brothers, please, stop arguing. We face more than enough aggression from our enemies, let’s not quarrel amongst ourselves,” Anna sat back down at the table, pointedly taking the seat between Gabriel and Uriel. Castiel shot her a grateful look. “Now, there is a mission to be completed, one that must be taken care of promptly and without any needless complications,” she looked once again between Gabriel and Uriel, both of whom withered beneath her gaze. “Castiel, Uriel, I believe it is best for the two of you to go together for this one, I will accompany Gabriel.”
"When you left," the words were sharp, and the inhale on the other end of the line told him they had cut deep. Good.
Had he missed the entire service? He definitely hadn’t taken in everyone leaving, and yet they were gone. It was just him and Sam now, the last two surviving members of the Winchester family. Well, one and a half.
It was only when his stomach started to grumble at the tenth house they’d visited that he realised he’d eaten nothing all day. It had been Dad’s turn to shop, so of course they had nothing in the house. He gritted his teeth, mood slightly soured by the realisation that he was starving, and probably would be until the shops opened the next day, if there was even any money left for that. Sweets would only go so far, and despite the offer, he really didn’t want to take anything from Sam. Someone should be happy on Halloween. Dean certainly wasn’t going to be, not when he was keeping his eyes peeled for the trouble he was sure would find them, spine tingling with the knowledge that if any night was dangerous for a Winchester, it was tonight.
There was a note on the bedside table, carefully folded, with his name written across it in obsessively neat handwriting. He reached out a hand, wincing as the sudden movement sent agony radiating throughout his skull, and pulled the message back underneath the covers with him. He hurriedly unfolded the piece of paper and read the few short words written in that same precise hand.
“I am quite certain that, should it come to that, the moment of your death shall be far worse than any other I have inflicted.”
“That way,” he pointed at the door Balthazar had left through and Cas’ heart sank. “You’re not really going to abandon me for some piece of-”
“I was going to invite you over and I thought maybe if I made you pie you’d finally decide to ask me out and now it’s ruined and-“
The angel snorted a laugh, and Dean looked up at the sudden break from the dominant demeanour. Cas was biting his lip, unsuccessfully trying to hold back an amused grin.
"I'm sorry Dean, you have the right to do whatever you like behind closed doors, I shouldn't laugh. But oh Father, that is... quite funny."
“I did not.” Cas grinned back and playfully slapped Dean’s bare behind. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.”
"I bought you the underwear, because they will suit you. Besides, I do believe you have worn something similar to them before."
There was too much tension in his voice for Cas to ignore, he looked worried, but for the wrong reasons.
Cas leaned Dean back against the wall, facing him this time, and slowly, ever so slowly, pushed into him. Cas’ eyes fluttered shut, the pleasure taking over, before starting to move inside Dean. He kept his thrusts shallow at first, keeping his eyes fixed on Dean’s expression with every movement, kissing away the memories as he started to go faster, harder. Dean cried out, this time with pleasure, as Cas hit that special spot inside him. Castiel settled into a ferocious rhythm, relaxing as he saw Dean’s eyes glaze with lust. He reached down and started to stroke Dean’s cock.
“I’m leaving,” Dean sat up and tried to follow through on his threat, but dizziness overtook him and he collapsed back to the bed. “In a minute, after I recover from all the blood you drained from me you goddamn vampire freak.”
"Cas-" Dean whined, not sure what he'd have said if the angel hadn't instantly cut him off with a firm command.
He couldn’t just forget how Cas had touched him. He couldn’t forget the weight of his body above him, or the taste of his kisses or the length of his cock, he couldn’t forget the way the fury of him was calmed by that presence. He didn’t know what to call this thing they had, it was something ancient and unstable, like waves crashing against the cliffs he had heard of but never seen. He had heard that cliffs would crumble into the sea, battered by that steady beating of water against rock, breaking and breaking as they were worn further inland. He had heard that houses would be lost overnight, whole towns swept away by a storm. He suspected Cas was that to him, and yet he longed for those waves even as he feared them, even as pieces of him were chipped away, even as his house reached the edge of destruction. His house had been destroyed once before, a part of him wished it had stayed that way.
Neither of them moved as their breathing slowed. Dean listened to the internal countdown, fighting it, holding onto the warmth of skin against skin, the pleasure of momentary honesty. Five, four, three, two, one. He sprang up, grabbing his gun and raising it at the same time Cas wound a wire around his neck.
Dean had hated Ruby from the moment he met her, but hey, he hated a lot of people. No one would be good enough for his little brother, particularly after that Jess chick had broken his heart and left Dean to clean up the pieces. They spent their time in a state of comfortable loathing, both avoiding saying a thing against the other, while Sam was around at least. He wouldn’t have thought it was possible to be so at ease around someone he hated and who hated him just as much, but somehow they managed it, and that had been the problem. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust his instincts, but everyone he knew was bad or worse, except Sam perhaps, what did it matter if she was no exception? The only way to keep Sam clear of evil would have been to ship him off to someplace far from the hunters, from Dean, and he just couldn’t bring himself to do that. Looking back he really wished he had. It’d have ended up the same anyway, just with a damn sight less bloodshed.
“It was Cas, okay?” Dean dug out his phone and dialled the emergency number. Was he seriously the only person still thinking straight is this damn stupid conversation?
Cas hit him in the stomach with a, thankfully cold and empty, saucepan. Before Dean could recover from the blow he wrapped his hands around his wrists and pinned him to the counter, prying the gun from him and throwing it aside. Anger and hurt flashed across his face, before understanding dawned and his expression hardened.
Now it was Dean’s turn to stare, suddenly noticing that some of the makeup from Sam’s face had transferred to Gabe’s. So apparently it wasn’t just his self awareness, and his ability to man up and confess that he actually had feelings about anything that were missing, but he was also halfway blind. Fan-freaking-tastic.
The silence was deafening. His brother was dead, slain by his hand, there was no escaping that fact. They would pay for this, pay with everything they had. He had only worsened their fates with his treasonous actions.
“It’s an old mahogany box, with a symbol carved on the front, almost like an incomplete game of hangman. I don’t really know how to describe it.” Nerd, Dean thought with a smile, of course that’s what Cas would compare it to. Of course it was.
Cas pumped his finger in and out a few times, before adding a second, the third joining it almost as quickly. There was a slight burn, but then Dean had always liked that, a hint of pain to magnify the pleasure. Cas crooked his fingers, and Dean yelled at the pressure on his prostate. His whole body was shaking for release, so close, so very close. The fingers left him empty, and Dean could have cried at the loss. He expected them to be instantly replaced with Cas' cock, but instead the angel just watched him as he came down from the edge. Dean was briefly thankful for the panties bunched up in his mouth, because without them he didn't think he could have held back the spew of profanities that seethed in his mind.
In a whirl of movement they both reached for weapons, acting on well honed instinct. Cas had a knife in his hands before Dean could get to the gun discarded with his trousers, dammit why hadn't he put his clothes back on before perving on the sleeping angel? Still, it was a knife rather than a gun, a knife he could fight. Dean abandoned his clothing and lunged for Cas instead, who swiped with the knife and cut deep into his bare abdomen before Dean managed to knock it out of his hands, but he did manage to. It went skittering across the floor and they both grabbed for it. In the kerfuffle it got kicked under the bed somehow and they found themselves twined up in each other. They fought with fists now, punching and clawing at each other. Dean was impressed at the skill his opponent had, every movement was elegant and effective, but Cas wasn't the only one who knew how to fight. Dean kicked him hard enough to send him crashing into the wall (the same wall Dean had been pressed up against the night before. Dammit, now was not the time to get turned on) hard enough to break plaster. Cas was cut up and bloodied, vibrating with the menace of a jungle cat, but not put off his stride in the slightest. Yep, that was definitely hot.
"That wasn't about you," there was a pleading note to Sam’s voice that he would normally have given into, but damn if the words didn’t make him mad.
“Do you not think that the danger we would face, should our respective gangs find out, is too great a risk to take for nothing more than hedonistic pleasure?”
“Have you deep-throated before?” Castiel asked in a coolly clinical kind of way, which seemed utterly at odds with the situation, as he freed his dick from the confines of his suit pants. Dean found he loved the contradiction.
“I’ve got it.” Cas pulled out an old locket, and Dean tossed him his lighter, ghostly hands wrapping around his neck.
He gripped his dick and pumped it hard, groaning in relief, so close, already so close. His hand slid up and down his shaft, too desperate to care about the lack of lube. An impending orgasm coiled in his belly and his breaths grew ragged, one more stroke, maybe two before-
Bobby reached for the needle but Dean dodged his attempts. He took it up himself and braced himself against the pain as he began to stitch up the wound. It didn’t matter if it hurt, better than touch and care and all that guilt.
Cas turned over the bloodied fabric in his hands, eyes squinted, brow furrowed. He’d seen the warning signs, they’d been there, he’d just chosen to ignore them. Not everyone who carried a knife with them intended to use it, or so he’d been informed, he’d never met anyone who didn’t. That could have just been the effect of the job, when you live in the dark surely all you see must become darkness. Now though, this was fact, that kind of blood wasn’t shed by accident.
“Are you sure you want this Dean? I have seen how you flinch when I forget to be careful, even for a second. I know how you suffer. I do not wish to cause you any further pain.”
“I suspected one of my kin might draw me home with such behaviour, I never thought it would be you,” Cas jumped, spine straightening as Michael walked into the room.
The waitress returned and Cas ordered a coffee for himself, giving her a charming smile that had her blushing. Dean glared at her as she walked away, teeth grinding. Couldn’t Cas wait until after he died? Did he really have to move on right in front of him like that? Wasn’t he worthy of a last few moments of undivided attention?
Sam tried to protest of course, said something about Ruby and Dean and not being a coward, but Dean played every single one of his big brother cards. Ruby would be fine, not like she was a threat, or a Winchester, and Dean? Dean wouldn’t let his brother get hurt. It was better this way. Sam was the one who was going to make something of himself anyway. Dean was just a grunt, the world could do without him, if his brother lived because of him nothing else mattered.
That was probably the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for him. He found himself drifting towards Cas, though he was fairly sure he hadn’t told his legs to move.
Jack sat in the bunker with his family, a smile on his face with no discernable source. Maybe he was just happy. He hadn’t brought Cas back, not yet. He could, in an instant, but he was a better storyteller than that. In his three years he had watched so many movies, with Dean and Sam and Cas, and he knew that there was a pattern to these things. Three years old and already a better storyteller than his grandfather. He supposed age and wisdom had no correlation, it either was or was not.
"What do you want me to do?" He mumbled, head still ducked, as if he was reading the things he already knew.
"I don't think you're going to be able to wear these again." Cas griped as he pulled off the wrecked panties and dropped them into the bin, along with the used condom.
"Oh fuck," Dean couldn't stop the words escaping his mouth as he let the shirt drop and backed away from the bed.
He had the thought, then, like an old acquaintance he’d quite forgotten until they found each other face to face, that he might still be alive.
“You damn fool boy, this is your daddy’s war, not yours. Everyone involved in the fire’s already dead, ain’t no point in carryin’ on. You can’t keep killin’ like this.”
He threw the door open, angry retort at the ready as he swayed in the doorway. His words froze on his lips as he saw Castiel standing there.
Once again Dean was left helplessly aroused. This time, however, he had no one to blame but himself. He was pretty sure a part of him had done it deliberately, had needed that extra level of control. He knew he could just defy his orders, that Cas would never know if he took the plug out or went for a quick wank in the backseat of the impala, that a part of him wanted to see what Castiel would do if he did find out. However, as the day wore on, he found a sort of calm in obeying. It was torturous, sitting behind the wheel of the impala, feeling the thrum of the engine jostling the plug within him while the hard leather put pressure on the sensitive skin of his ass, his cock straining against his jeans, and knowing he could do nothing but take it, that he
He put his head in his hands, screwing up his eyes and trying to wipe the conversation from his mind, then reached for the whiskey bottle he kept on the bedside table.
He was stalling, he knew he was, avoiding increasing the sensation and risking ending it. Dean was panting into his mouth, cluelessly chasing the release he was being denied. He tried to meet the thrusts but Cas stilled him, wrapping his arms around his back and keeping everything safe.
"So, what's up gramps?" He knew he was poking the bear, Samuel always made a concerted effort to ignore the fact that Dean was anything more than a soldier to him, but he couldn't really give a fuck. They were family, what did it matter if he acknowledged it?
He might even call Sam if he made it past breakfast. It would be nice to hear his brother’s voice again. Sure, he might bitch at him for not answering before, and it might be difficult to figure out how to communicate after all this time away, but, given time, maybe they’d be able to get there. Maybe they could be a family again. Maybe he could even call Bobby as well, make up for all the shit he’d pulled. Maybe he didn’t have to be defined by all the terrible things he’d done anymore. Maybe-
He didn’t hear anything else Gabe said. Cas was already striding towards the bar. He picked up the folded note, undoubtedly deliberately similar to the note Cas had left on Dean’s nightstand what felt so long ago.
Dean didn't have very many belongings, that was the first problem. In all the time Cas had known him, he didn't think Dean had once asked for anything, not anything that could be bought at least. He had his weapons, but despite Cas' limited understanding of the human gift giving tradition, he knew that wouldn't be appropriate. Not that Dean needed more guns anyway, he had so many. Other than that what was there? He loved food, but Castiel couldn't cook, and store bought pie just didn't seem personal enough. Music? But Dean already had all of the tapes he knew he wanted, and Cas didn't dare to guess at a new band he might like.
“Oh come on Dean, it’s Halloween, everyone goes out on Halloween.” Dean’s unimpressed look did nothing to dissuade his brother. “I’ll give you half my candy.”
How many times had he and Sam stared at this bottle? How many plans had they hatched to steal it? They should have drunk it after the funeral, would have, had it not been for Dean's medication. Not that he'd really wanted to drink, in those long days when he didn't feel like he was really back, he hadn't wanted to do anything. Sam should have been drinking this bottle with him. Sam should have been here.
On the plus side, everyone is still alive by the end of the chapter (was that reassuring or even more worrying? You tell me)
He could feel the tremor that the words sent through Cas. He smiled, the desired effect achieved. He ran his hand down Cas’ front, tilting his head to the side, exposing his neck and kissing goose bumps onto his flesh. His hand progressed downwards over his muscled torso, his lips continuing their assault on his neck, his shoulders, his upper back, the straining muscles of his arms. He touched his dick, feather light, before gripping and setting up a steady rhythm. Cas’ back heaved, half collapsing against Dean’s chest as his toes curled away from the ground, all his weight now being taken by his arms.
“I made you charcoal.” Cas glared down at the pie, as if it was the source of all evil, and damn if he didn’t look good when he was angry.
Dean's muscles clenched around him, but somehow he held himself back as Cas came deep into him. Dean was sweating, nails almost biting into Cas' shoulders, the strain clear on his face.
"I've got to get to class, and you've got to study. Who knows, if you do your homework I might actually kiss you again."
Cas released his hold and grinned smugly as Dean rubbed his aching leg, a look that was gone almost as soon as it had appeared. A waiter materialised at the table, asking them for their drink orders, and Cas had ordered two red wines before Dean could open his mouth and ask for a beer. The waiter was about to walk away when Dean decided that he'd had just about enough thank you very much. He summoned up his most charming smile and ordered four shots of whiskey. He was expecting a reaction immediately, instantaneous world ending vengeance, perhaps that was what he had been hoping for, because when it didn't come there was a strange twinge of disappointment within him. An unreadable look passed across Cas' face, then was gone.
Sam spoke softly, like Dean was some wild animal that would bolt if it heard a loud noise. He supposed he might be right.
“I just want him back. I just need to tell him. Why didn’t I tell him Sam? Three words and I fucking couldn’t and now-“ Dean had ripped his head away from the wall in his rage to turn to look at Sam, only for his words to die out in a strangled sort of noise at what he saw.
What he hadn't expected was Cas sliding his seat closer, leaning in, and pressing soft lips to his neck. Cas very deliberately blew warm air on his ear and Dean shivered at the sensation. He turned his head, more desperate than he was willing to admit, and Cas half climbed into his lap as he licked whiskey from his mouth. Dean didn't trust it, he couldn't trust it, couldn't believe that Cas was the forgiving type. Still, it was good, so good he couldn't stand it. When Cas pulled him up from the seat by the collar of his shirt and lead him into an empty corridor he almost forgot to be scared.
“I don’t want that. I just want… I want you to hold me.” The vulnerability of those words shouldn’t have even registered after what he had told, what he had
The waitress came and went. He ordered coffee and pie, which he took a bite of with an unsettling sense of déjà vu. He wondered if he had time to change venue, the similarity to the day that started it all was upsetting enough to justify an abandonment of even the nicest pie, which this was not; the pastry was kinda soggy and the filling was too sweet, he was going to be so pissed if this was the last meal he ate. That was almost as upsetting as the goddamn diner, almost. It was far too similar, but at least this time he knew what was going to happen and, like last time, Sam was out of harm’s way.  He hadn’t been a good brother, not these last few years, but at least he had done that much. At least Sam would be safe. Still, he owed him something more.
His full weight settled on warm solid flesh, angel beneath the trench coat, Cas easily holding Dean to him as he wrapped his legs around his waist and kissed him over and over again. Like he couldn’t breathe unless it was Cas’ air, because he couldn’t, not really.
“Okay little bro,” he spoke with faux offense, “what’s got you so wound up? I mean you’re always kinda wound up but you sound-“
He clambered into the bed, pulling Dean after, needing that warmth to engulf him, content with the feeling of Dean’s body pressing down on his. He wasn’t in a rush to speed things up. He needed contact, intimacy. Sex would just bring things to an end. Dean was less patient. He quickly lubed up Cas’ cock, waving away the condom that Cas proffered. The lure of skin on skin was too great to resist. They were probably clean, and this was the last chance they would receive, it was a risk he was willing to take. If sex with Dean was what killed him he would die happy. Dean lowered himself determinedly, groaning as Cas breached him. Cas’ fingers fisted the sheets, seeking purchase on reality, finding none.
