Dean was giddy with excitement as Castiel expertly guided the bike through his neighborhood. His bare legs were a little cold, but he found that the idea of people seeing him dressed as he was made his heart race with excitement. Just when he thought he couldn’t be more attracted to his Alpha, he found a new level to it. He found himself wishing it were possible for Castiel to ride the motorcycle and fuck him at the same time. He blushed at his own ridiculous thoughts.
Benny grinned. “That’s a wonderful idea. Come back with a looker and we can take him out to your favorite swanky bars, I’m sure that would help us with recruitment.”
“Okay, thanks.” Dean shifted his weight from foot to foot, trying to think of a way to keep the conversation going. “Do you have a gym here? Because I work out every day.” His brain was shorting out. “Also, is there an omega center around here? I need to refill my fertility supplements.”
Castiel just smiled, then spun Dean in his arms and pressed his chest up against the warm shower wall.
On his way into the city, Castiel decided to stop for coffee. He had a favorite cafe and they happened to be on the way, so he took only a slight detour before he was pulling into the parking lot. Not wanting his car to get dinged, he made for the empty far side of the lot and parked. As he climbed out of the car and turned to head inside he was stopped by an intriguing scent.
Dean whined at the pleasure of his alpha’s hand, embarrassed but compelled to tell the truth. “Yes Daddy… I like it.”
Castiel didn’t waste any time pulling the plug free and thrusting inside, eager to add more seed to Dean’s growing belly. He thrust in hard and fast, not interested in taking his time.
Benny fucked and knotted Dean four times before he finally seemed satisfied. Dean was so exhausted and limp with pleasure, the Alpha had to carry him back to Castiel’s room. Dean was half asleep when Benny pulled back the blankets and laid him down next to his Alpha, but he still instinctually moved to cuddle into Castiel’s chest.
Castiel seemed to fully wake and realize the scents on his omega weren’t strangers, that they were his new pack Alphas. His eyes were still dark with lust and the need to claim his mate, and he bit down on the side of Dean’s neck, sucking hard and leaving a bright mark.
Dean did as he was told, letting his little brother play the part of protective family alpha. For now.
Castiel coughed and quickly took his seat behind his desk, trying to ignore the way Dean stole a glance at him and then ducked his gaze submissively. He ended up having to deliver the whole lesson seated at the desk, as his damn dick couldn’t stop thinking about the boy. Castiel kept waiting for him to act out, as he’d been warned, but the boy was nothing but the perfect picture of attentive obedience and submission throughout the whole class.
Benny groaned and scratched his fingers through Dean’s hair. “That’s it sweetheart, such a good bitch, aren’t you?”
Speaking of his brother, Sam was still watching him with suspicion, but for the moment his guard seemed to have dropped a little.
But then, just as the alpha was going for Dean’s belt he’d stopped and pulled back. Dean could still hear his words echoing in his head.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, trying to squirm away, but one hand on his sore ass was all it took to make him go still. He whimpered submissively and pushed his ass up in offering. He couldn’t help it, the alpha hadn’t even claimed him yet, but Dean already knew who he belonged to. His burning ass wasn’t going to let him forget anytime soon.
Castiel noticed a little more slick was escaping and running down the inside of Dean’s leg. “Slick production looks normal,” he said with a chuckle. “Let’s take a look.” He gently spun the boy around using his strong hands on his hips, and Dean moved willingly. “Bend over and spread your legs for me, Dean.”
Dean caught the scent of compatible alpha and he shivered and whimpered at a new wave of want, a fresh trickle of slick running down the inside of his leg.
“One more thing,” Castiel said, pulling out a small plastic box from his pocket. “Open your mouth and put out your tongue.”
Dean bit back a nervous whine when Castiel slipped his jacket off his shoulders, handing it to the bellman at the coat check. Dean felt quite naked without it, standing there in just his tiny shorts, boots, and collar. Castiel still held Dean’s leash firmly in his grasp, and he used it to lead Dean back to a two person table at the back of the bar.
Dean moaned into his alpha’s neck as the new alpha’s hips slapped against his bare ass with each pounding thrust. This man was even bigger than the last, and when his knot started to swell he was sure it would split him open. But he couldn’t help the blinding pleasure, and soon he was coming hard again, hanging off yet another knot.
“Come on, baby,” Castiel said, leading him over to the high backed chair. He dropped a pillow in front of it before taking a seat. “You’re going to keep me warm while we wait for our guests to arrive.”
Dean moaned into the couch. “Yes, Alpha, please!” he begged, pushing his ass up higher. He was overcome by a new desire to be filled up by the alpha, to be bred full of pups.
The plug started to softly buzz in Dean’s ass again, and the omega let out a tired moan, slumped against the rack. His ass started to gently wiggle again, the restraints preventing anything more than the slightest amount of squirming.
“You look perfect, baby doll,” Castiel murmured, his already half hard cock pressing against Dean’s hip, promising more fun to come.
It’s the best thing Castiel had ever felt, and he thrust in harder, determined to fill the omega to the hilt.
“Fuck, that’s good,” Benny groaned, strong hands holding Dean’s hips tightly as he slammed into him. “You really are a good bitch.”
It took Dean a moment to realize what Castiel meant, and when he did he only hesitated for a moment before his obedience overcame his nerves, and he dropped to his knees and took Castiel’s softening cock in his mouth. He licked and sucked until all the slick and come was cleaned off the Alpha’s cock, then tucked it back inside Castiel’s jeans and carefully zipped him back up. He looked up at Castiel expectantly, hoping his face wasn’t too red.
“Oh! Um, good morning Castiel. Uh, I mean Alpha?” Dean hesitated, not sure what his new mate preferred.
Dean seemed to catch his alpha’s scent, and his eyes slowly blinked open, looking up at Castiel slowly approaching. He perked up, sitting up straight, letting the furs fall off.
Benny chuckled. “I don’t know how you can sound so innocent after bending over for me so eagerly.” One rough hand was roaming curiously over Dean’s body. “What’s your name, little omega?”
“Yes you are,” Benny agreed with a groan. His knot finally caught inside the rim of Dean’s ass and the Alpha was forced to switch to short, hard thrusts. “Come on my knot, little bitch,” he growled.
Castiel reached around and roughly yanked down Dean’s pants, leaving the omega’s ass suddenly bare. “If you want to be fucked so bad, put your ass in the air and see who comes to fill it.”
“Come here, sleepy boy,” Castiel said, tugging Dean up to lay next to him in the bed. He gently pushed him over so that he was laid out on his stomach, spreading the omega’s legs a little so that his round ass was open for him. “You can sleep if you want to, Daddy doesn’t mind.”
Dean tried to glower as he was led into the strange alphas home. It was quite big, fancy even. But Dean told himself he shouldn’t be impressed, he should be focusing on getting away before the alpha mated him.
“I’m sure you did,” Sam said, rolling his eyes. He seemed to decide the interloping alpha wasn’t a threat, and he opened the door wider to accept the tray. It held two glasses and a small body of whiskey, which made Dean perk up. “Thank you,” Sam said, trying to give Castiel a hint.
There was silence for a moment, and Dean just focused on his hands on his lap, waiting for his brother to explode. But when Sam finally spoke, it wasn’t at all what he expected.
Benny grunted as he came, knot tying them together as the Alpha’s seed filled the omega. Benny let out a soft groan and leaned over Dean, bracing himself with an arm on the bed. “Damn, you feel so good on my knot, little bitch. We’re doing this again before I give you back to Cas.”
Finally Castiel let Dean speed up again, and it didn’t take much longer for his knot to swell, and he groaned as he spilled down his omega’s throat. He loved being tied inside his mate, and he relaxed back into the chair to enjoy the steady pleasure of his knot as Dean swallowed every load.
Dean was still trying to figure out how he’d gotten himself mated. All he’d wanted to do last night was stop at the club and have a drink on his way home. But there’d been a gorgeous blue eyed alpha, and he’d asked Dean to dance.
Dean slowly woke to Castiel’s deep voice and a gentle hand running through his hair. He lifted his head and looked up at the alpha, still sleepy.
So Dean had spent the morning wondering the streets aimlessly. He knew by night he’d have to find a safe place to sleep, but for now he was just trying to keep a low profile and avoid people who would scent him and his status. His feet were getting tired from walking, so he found a mostly empty parking lot and sat down against a tree in the back corner.
Castiel just smiled, his fingers teased Dean’s tender entrance, making the omega whine and lean into his strong chest. “My pretty bitch doesn’t like being empty, do you? Do you want my knot, little omega?”
Then the tongue was gone, and Dean whined at the loss despite himself, only to gasp when he suddenly felt the heavy weight of the animal on his back. With a shock of horror Dean realized he was being mounted, and he tried again to get away. But the animal’s strong paws hooked around his waist, dragging his ass back to meet the wolf’s hips.
Dean just whimpered as Castiel continued to fuck him, knot growing until the omega started to shake with pleasure. With a snap of his hips, Castiel slammed his knot deep into Dean, and the omega suddenly came hard as the alpha continued to drive into him. Castiel groaned when he realized the omega orgasmed dry, yet another thing he loved about castrated omegas.
Dean lost the ability to keep track of time, all of his attention going to his desperate need for his alpha’s knot, which was only just barely starting to swell. He was sure it had been at least an hour of this torture when Castiel finally told him to speed up again.
“You took that very well,” Castiel said, rubbing Dean’s back. He let his hard cock brush against Dean’s red ass, enjoying the omega’s surprised gasp. He moved it to press the head against Dean’s slick hole, and the omega quickly pressed back against it, pushing his ass up and reaching back to grab his cheeks and spread himself open.
The handsome Alpha’s eyebrows shot upwards and his pupils grew wide with lust, making his bright blue eyes almost entirely black. “You are a beautiful little thing, aren’t you? What are you doing out here? All alone and unmated.”
Dean’s head spun a little and he moaned, eager for more of his Alpha’s attention. Castiel’s hands roamed across his skin, getting to know Dean’s body and making him whine.
Castiel smiled and kissed Dean’s cheek. “Good boy.” He reached down to tease Dean’s rapidly hardening cock. “You like that, don’t you? You like calling me Daddy.”
Above the table the Alphas continued to discuss Dean’s training, each of them giving Castiel new suggestions. Dean heard a lot of words he didn’t know, and he tuned it out, content to focus on pleasing his Alphas. As soon as Benny’s knot when down, Dean cleaned him up and put his cock away, before quickly scrambling over to Balthazar and repeating the process. Not being allowed to ask for his own release seemed to only heighten how much he enjoyed giving them pleasure.
Castiel was still fucking him, knot stretching his rim open wide. His hips slapped hard against Dean’s ass until finally he forced his knot inside with one last thrust and came with a growl.
Eventually, Castiel’s claiming instincts started to fade, and they both slept several hours into the late evening. They would have slept through the night, where it not for the sound of Benny coming home from work, late after an evening shift.
“Good boy,” Castiel praised, smiling while he strapped Dean into the diaper with a quickness that betrayed a lot of practice. He then picked up the onesie and helped Dean into it, tugging it down under Dean’s ass so he could button it to cover the diaper. It was blue with pink print that read ‘
Dean felt so used, but yet he kind of loved it. His cock was fully hard now, and slick was leaking from his hole and down his leg. He moaned around the thick cock that was starting to swell in his mouth. The knot grew larger and larger as Castiel fucked Dean’s face, and suddenly he really wished it was filling his channel instead. His hole ached with need to be filled, all soreness from the previous night forgotten.
Dean whimpered and turned over on his belly, so that he was now bent over Castiel’s desk. There was no warning before the first smack landed, and Dean yelped in pain. His Alpha was not holding back.
When they finally made it to Daddy’s office Dean was relieved. Everything would be better once he was in his special carrier, it always made Dean feel better.
Dean cried out at the sharp mix of pleasure and pain as his Alpha slammed into him, but the sounds were quickly muffled by Benny’s thick cock pressing past his lips and fucking into his throat. He whimpered around the cock in his mouth as he was fucked fast and hard. Castiel’s thrusts were brutal, but Dean very quickly found himself moaning like a whore and arching his back in an attempt to take his Alpha’s cock in deeper. He instinctually crossed his arms behind his back and gripped his wrists, showing his submission to the Alphas’ rough treatment.
Dean’s eyes grew wide for a moment and then he covered his face in mortification. “I disobeyed you, Alpha, I was a bad fuck toy. I’m so sorry.”
Dean whimpered and squirmed as the knot pushed in deeper, and he tried to relax back against the Alpha’s strong chest. He looked up to see Castiel smiling at him across the table; his Alpha looked quite proud.
Castiel and Benny left him there as they started to make dinner. Any time they passed him by they pet his head.
Dean slowly woke as he felt his daddy’s cock thrusting inside him, and he moaned into the dark room. It was still night, he didn’t even know what time. But this was normal, of course his daddy needed his nighttime knots. He knew Daddy couldn’t sleep without them, and Dean wanted him to get good sleep so he could take care of him during the day. So he just let out sleepy little moans as he was fucked and knotted again, until he could drift back to sleep, full and tied once more.
Dean was now wearing what Castiel jokingly called his “party outfit.” Which included a thick plug with a cut glass gem on the end, and a matching gold collar and leash, and nothing else. Dean was still so full, belly a little swollen with seed, and a few trickles had escaped to run down the inside of his legs. He looked completely debauched.
“Good little fuckhole,” Balthazar praised, running a hand up and down Dean’s back. “You take knots so well, such a good bitch.”
Dean was still moaning when sharp teeth sank into his neck, laying Castiel’s claim. Part of him wanted to protest, but most of his mind was overwhelmed by the instinct to submit to his new mate. And with the knot filling his mouth he was effectively gagged anyway.
The two Alphas carefully arranged themselves to sit cross-legged on the bed, leaving Dean sprawled out between them, speared on their knots. Dean only whimpered a little as he was arranged more comfortably, then dropped back into happy submission.
Dean blushed bright red, surprised to have to say this to the other Alpha so soon. But he did as he was told, trying to look at Benny and only managing to look at the Alpha’s big hands. “I’m Castiel’s bitch, I am an obedient and eager fuckhole.”
Castiel smiled. “You’ll learn how to behave like a good bitch, how to submit on command. Your body is now mine to use as I please, and I definitely intend to use it often,” he said, kissing the back of Dean’s neck and making the omega shudder. “But don’t worry, you’re
Castiel’s hips snapped forward and Dean screamed as the alpha’s cock was quickly buried inside him, filling him perfectly. Castiel gripped his hips hard in his hands, and Dean could only whimper and moan as he was fucked hard. The alpha’s hips slapped harshly against Dean’s sore backside, continuing his punishment even as intense pleasure shot through him with each pass of Castiel’s cock.
Castiel came loping into the courtyard in wolf form, and Dean dropped quickly to his hands and knees, whimpering like a submissive puppy as his alpha came close. He nuzzled his nose into Castiel’s neck and under his chin, just as he had been taught to do. He then dropped all the way to the ground and rolled onto his back, offering himself in complete submission to the wolf.
Benny strolled into the room just as Balthazar’s knot was finally going down, and the alpha pulled out and pushed the plug back into place. Benny smiled softly down at Dean, still slumped over the counter, exhausted and well used.
The room was silent for a few minutes, and Castiel did his very best to read, but it was hard to focus when he could easily smell the omega’s scent now that it had no other competition in the room. It was intoxicating, even across the room Castiel could tell that the boy was fertile and compatible, an ideal mate. He could even smell a little slick, indicating the omega’s body was responding in kind, whether or not Dean understood it he didn’t know.
Dean didn’t pay her any mind, his focus was entirely on pleasing Castiel, a fact which pleased the alpha greatly.
The funny thing was, Dean couldn’t really remember why he’d never wanted this life in the first place. Because it was wonderful. His alpha’s tight control only made him feel safe and loved.
Dean’s face bloomed bright red as he realized his alpha was going to take him out into public this way. And there was nothing he could do about it.
“Um, hi,” Dean said, trying to come up with something to say. He’d made such a fool of himself earlier, now he felt completely tongue tied.
Dean let out a soft whimper as he felt his belly swell a little more with his mate’s seed, and his body went limp in submission, relaxing into hanging from the knot again. He started to absently suckle the cock gag that filled his mouth as he drifted, starting to float on the feeling of submitting to such objectification.
He was only a couple hours into this one, but his mind was already a fuzzy mess, and all he could think about was coming.
Which was when Dean discovered there was a ring gag underneath it. Even with the cock gag free he could still only pant and whimper, mouth forced to remain open. But at least he could breathe better.
Dean jumped when the cloth passed over his cock and then reached around to clean his backside. Somehow this was more intimate than sex. He tried to distract himself by talking. “You don’t expect me to cook? Don’t omegas do the cooking and the housework?”
“Aw shit,” Dean swore, finally noticing the cop in his rearview mirror, lights blazing. He wondered how long he’d been back there. He quickly pulled over to the side of the road and turned off the car, rolling down the window while he waited for the cop.
Dean could already feel the knot swelling inside him as Castiel fucked him harder, and he pushed back against it, desperate to be filled by it.
“Good bitches get orgasms,” Benny said with a smile. “Now let me hear you beg like a good little fuckhole.”
Dean finally felt his alpha’s cock push inside his slick entrance, and he let out a long, satisfied moan. The sound was quickly muffled as Benny’s cock was pushed into his mouth, already hard again and ready for another round. Dean’s whole body buzzed with pleasure at being so well used by his alphas, in the tight bondage all he could do was simply take it, and the complete surrender of it made his mind race and his cock throb.
Dean just moaned and nodded around the cock in his mouth, desperate to agree. He was a good bitch, and he would do anything to prove it.
Dean could only whine and moan as he was fucked hard. With his face buried in his alpha’s scent he felt completely free to give into the deep pleasure of being so roughly used by a complete stranger. And with more waiting for their turn behind him.
Castiel let out a content sigh and wrapped Dean up in his arms, turning them both over on their sides. His hand reached out to rub the slight swell of Dean’s stomach, bloated from the long night taking so many knots.
Thanks to the wonderful appleschloss for encouraging me to get over my writer's block and finish this!
Castiel smiled into Dean’s neck and rubbed his full belly. “We’d better get you into a diaper, you’re very full, aren’t you baby boy?”
Dean let out a sigh, realizing the simple latch of the cage was all it took to lock him in, his paws completely useless. He’d be stuck in here until his alphas chose to let him out.
Dean jumped up to hurry to the door, eager to speak to the alpha again, but Sam growled and blocked him. “We didn’t order any room service,” he whispered sharply to Dean, before moving to the door.
In spite of how humiliating it was to be praised like a dog, Dean felt himself relax into the affection, relieved that his alpha wasn’t upset with him anymore. He couldn’t help the happy butterflies in his stomach, his body naturally responding to his mate’s praise.
Dean looked a little relieved at that, but still concerned. “Oh. Okay, good.” He gave Castiel a little smile. “All I want is to be a good mate for my future Alpha and carry his pups. I just want to know that I’m normal, that an Alpha won’t reject me.”
Dean looked hopefully up at his daddy again. “Daddy, milk?” he asked again, looking down at Castiel’s hard cock.
Dean’s thoughts were still on the alpha downstairs as he tossed his duffle bag onto his bed. He was trying to come up with an excuse to go back down to the front desk, preferably without his nosey brother.
“Do you want more?” Benny teased, putting his own hand on Dean’s round belly. “Do you want to be filled up like a good little fuckhole?”
He finally slumped, realizing he wasn’t going to get out of this. And even if he did, it wouldn’t matter. He was owned now, if this is how his alphas wanted to keep him, there was nothing he could do about it.
Balthazar let out a groan of pleasure. “God, he feels just as good as I thought he would.” His hands fisted Dean’s hair in a tight grip. “You like that cock in your throat, little slut?” he teased.
The scent of lust was rolling off Castiel in waves, and the Alpha’s pupils were blown wide as his eyes raked over Dean’s naked body. “You’re more beautiful than I hoped, you’re going to make a perfect bitch.”
Dean whimpered and squirmed as Castiel’s hand cracked down on his ass. He wanted to beg forgiveness, to promise anything the alpha wanted, but with the gag in his mouth he couldn’t. He could only take the punishment. He was quivering with the urge to submit when Castiel finally laid one last smack to his ass and was done. Dean couldn’t even look at him, he could only hold his position on his hands and knees, keeping his head submissively low.
The more he focused on pleasing his alpha, the more he was able to slip back into a comfortable submission. He felt his embarrassment start to slip away, no longer caring that every waiter who passed could see what he was doing. By the time Castiel’s knot started to swell he was fully absorbed in his task, and when the alpha finally filled his mouth and came down the back of his throat he couldn’t help the pleased moan as he settled in to suckle. His eyes drifted closed as he gently sucked the knot in his mouth, muffled little moans escaping as he steadily swallowed his alpha’s seed.
Castiel agreed with Dean’s parents, it definitely made the boy more desirable. “Do you have a question about your castration?” he asked, trying to go into doctor mode.
Dean’s hand went to his belly, now even bigger than before. He could feel a faint ache from the fullness, and he suspected he was nearing his max, but he was surprised by how much he enjoyed the feeling.
touch,” Castiel was saying, speaking to the other alphas. “He is decoration only for the rest of the night.”
“You’re so sensitive and responsive,” Benny said, teasing Dean’s chest. “We’re going to have so much fun.”
“Mine,” Castiel growled, finally bending down to sink his teeth into Dean’s neck, biting down hard and not letting go.
moping in the kitchen while Benny fixed breakfast. Castiel’s only junior Alpha happened to be a professional chef, a fact that made their pathetic two Alpha pack a little brighter.
Under the table Dean moaned around Benny’s thick cock, now pushing down the back of the omega’s throat as the knot was already starting to swell. Castiel had never called him a cock sleeve before, but it only made Dean’s need burn brighter.
“You’re a beautiful little bitch,” Gadreel growled, hands running down Dean’s smooth chest and grasping his hips. “We’re going to have a lot of fun with you tonight.”
He was wearing Castiel’s favorite outfit. A very sheer pink robe was draped around him, trimmed with pink fur. All he wore underneath was a pair of thigh high pink stockings, and a pair of pink satin and lace panties, which of course were completely open in the back, with a pink bow framing his perfect ass.
“It’s birth control,” Castiel said. “It will still allow you to go into heat, but it will prevent you from catching. When I’m ready to breed you I will isolate you from the rest of the pack, to make sure your pups are mine.”
Castiel really wanted to tell him no, as just the sound of the boy’s voice was putting him on edge, but he let curiosity get the better of him. “Sure,” he finally said.
He tried again to crawl away, but the wolf growled and nipped at the back of Dean’s neck and he found himself stilling again. He let out an involuntary moan as the pain started to fade to pleasure, and he couldn’t help it as he started to succumb to his instincts, his body driving him to submit to the beast. His body didn’t care that it was an animal, it only care that it was finally getting properly dominated.
Dean couldn’t control himself anymore, the moment he had permission he started to fuck himself hard, slamming up and down on his alpha’s cock. “Please may I come, Alpha, please!” he begged.
Dean whimpered into the kiss, looking up at Castiel as he pulled away. “Good morning, Alpha,” he said softly.
Dean didn’t even bother to glance at the new Alpha, he was too content with his first double knotting to care about anything else.
Dean gasped when his Alpha didn’t even wait for him to comply, simply flipped him on his stomach, pulled out the plug, and thrust inside. He could only moan at the new feeling of the soft suit moving against his back while Castiel jumped quickly to a fast pace, pounding into his already well used hole.
Dean purred and leaned into the touch, eagerly leaning towards Castiel. With Castiel still standing, Dean easily nuzzled against Castiel’s hip, then trailed toward his cock.
Dean couldn’t see Castiel’s face, but he didn’t need to see it to obey his Alpha, and he opened his mouth and eagerly took the thick cock inside, starting to suck immediately. Dean had never had a cock in his mouth before, and he was surprised to feel his body reacting to it. His own little dick was slowly getting hard, and he could feel himself getting wet. He sucked a little harder and tried to take the cock deeper, suddenly wanting more of it.
Dean burned with humiliation as he laid down on the dog bed, the chain on the cock cage forcing him to curl up like an animal.
“That’s a start,” Castiel said. “Hold your breath,” he ordered, before pushing Dean’s head under water to rinse out the shampoo. He pulled Dean up again and wiped the water out of the omega’s eyes. “Now say it again, more confidently this time.”
Dean blinked slowly up at the two alphas. When Castiel took his leash he found himself following without thought, still floating on a haze of pleasure and need to obey. He was vaguely aware of Benny picking up the soiled pee pad and letting the dogs back into the house, who went to their beds in the living room. He was focused on following Castiel, and when they reached the stairs he carefully climbed them, following his alpha.
Dean groaned as he felt the knot start to fill him. “Yes, Alpha!” he gasped, trying to push back to meet the alpha’s cock. “Wanna be full, please!”
“Not yet,” Castiel said, finally gripping Dean’s hips in his hands and thrusting up into the omega, slapping against his ass as his knot grew bigger. “Okay baby doll, come for me.”
Castiel. He’d found out later the alpha’s name was Castiel. And even now, in the early hours of the morning after, he still smelled perfect. The alpha was still asleep in the bed next to Dean, and he somehow looked particularly handsome in sleep.
Today Dean was on his own, Castiel was away on a hunt with several other alphas. So he was strolling through the camp, one hand on his swollen belly. He was only a couple months pregnant and it was already getting so big, Castiel was certain it was going to be a large litter.
The three junior Alphas ate quickly, while Castiel took his time, making sure to feed Dean plenty. When he was finally done he kissed Dean’s cheek and pushed him off his lap and onto his feet. Dean flushed with nerves and excitement as the three Alphas eyed him eagerly, remembering Castiel’s promise.
“Damn, Cas sure did a number on you tonight, you’re a messy little bitch,” Benny said with a chuckle. “But your little hole still looks tight.”
Dean tried not to stumble as he was lead towards this new Alpha’s bedroom. He was able to get a better look at the decor of the hall this time, it was modern and masculine, and everything looked expensive.
The alpha continued to slam into Dean until his cock finally started to swell, and it was the rough drag of the knot across Dean’s prostate that made the omega come with a scream, his own mess contained in the front of his pants. He could only whimper as he came down from his orgasm just as the man slammed into him and tied them together, the stranger’s knot swelling inside him, his come steadily filling him.
Dean leaned against the counter, again taking in the alpha’s fantastic scent. “You smell really good,” he blurted, his face immediately going red. “Um, sorry, I don’t know why I said that.”
Castiel internally groaned, and moved to sit at the desk. “I’m sure you know the rules, sit quietly and do your homework,” he said, hoping he’d survive the hour alone with the beautiful boy.
Dean bit his lip for a moment, slowly walking closer to the front counter. “Uh, I just wanted to thank you for the drinks. That was very nice of you.”
“Come on puppy,” Castiel said, petting Dean’s hair fondly before giving him a little encouraging smack on the ass, driving him further out on the lawn. “Be a good boy for us and go potty.”
But when Castiel saw the small boy walk into the room, he was immediately struck by how stunningly beautiful Dean Winchester was. He had bright green eyes and golden freckles across his face, and his body was the most perfectly petite little thing Castiel had ever seen. He was noticeably smaller than the rest of the class and Castiel guessed he was well under five feet tall.
After Dean drained the bottle he was left where he was, leash still looped around the pantry door handle. The bone shaped gag was back in place, rubber cock filling his mouth. Dean had tried to paw it off again, but it was entirely useless. He finally let out a frustrated sigh and gave up, letting his mouth relax around the cock.
Heather lead him back to Castiel, now at the bar in the large ball room where the party was to be held. The room was grand, with plenty of tables and couches, so that the alpha’s guests could relax comfortably.
Dean was so conflicted, part of him was humiliated to be spoken about as if he were half dog, half sex toy. But that part was quickly getting pushed aside for the stronger side of himself who was just happy to be a good bitch and serve his Alpha. For the moment he just let himself sink into the pleasure of a big knot in his ass and a delicious meal being fed to him by his mate.
Castiel started to eat and feed Dean at the same time. “Once he’s eaten his breakfast you all can have him until this afternoon,” he said. “I’m sorry I kept him for myself last night, but I wanted him well rested for tonight.”
The pressure forced Dean to move backward, his ass dropping to rest on his ankles, his mitt covered hands  resting on the floor between his knees.
“Good,” he said, lowering his eyes and trying to hide his continuing embarrassment. It was weird to be standing in the middle of the kitchen completely nude, while the two Alphas were fully dressed.
“My mate,” Castiel murmured, sounding deeply pleased. “You’re going to be such a good little omega for me, aren’t you?”
Castiel kissed Dean’s neck as he pulled his fingers free and reached for the soap. “You can nurse on Daddy’s cock during story time,” he promised, starting to wash Dean.
Castiel grinned, pushing the covers back so he could trail kisses down Dean’s body, peppering several across the omega’s flat belly. “Very soon I will be filling you up with my pups, so it’s only appropriate.” He moved back up to look Dean in the eye, alpha command thick in his deep voice. “So any time you speak to me, you’re to call me Daddy. Do you understand?”
He screwed his eyes shut, the mix of humiliation and relief was overwhelming. His bladder had been so full that it seemed to take forever to empty, but his stream finally trickled to a stop and he lowered his leg, carefully avoiding the wet spot in the grass.
“A good fuckhole shows his gratitude by licking his Alpha clean after a good knotting,” Castiel said to Dean with a pointed look.  “Clean me up and put me away.”
Dean was breathing hard as his orgasm faded, and he realized the alpha had stilled, and he moaned as he felt the full knot pulse inside him. He realized he was being filled with the alpha’s seed, and he let out a little moan at the thought.
When class was finally over, Castiel tried not to look at Dean as the students filed out, but he didn’t miss the way the omega’s eyes glanced at him several times on the way out of the room. When the classroom was finally empty Castiel let out a groan and locked the door, it was lunch period and he desperately needed to jerk off or he was going to be sporting a hard on for the rest of the day.
“Sure thing, boss,” Benny said, holding his arms out to Dean as the omega moved toward the couch. “Come here, sweetheart.”
And besides, what was better than spending your life giving and receiving pleasure, while being pampered in between?
“Shh, puppies don’t speak, sweetheart,” Benny said, running his hand over Dean’s ass. “Don’t worry, we’re going to make it as easy as possible for you to learn.”
“Just my fingers,” Dean admitted, letting out a little moan as the alpha pushed three fingers into his hole, checking his readiness. “A lot…”
Castiel walked into the house from the garage, trying to shake off the stress of the day as he stripped off his sport jacket and tossed it over a chair in the entry way. It was far too expensive to leave laying around like that, but he knew one of the household omegas would pick it up and put it away.
Dean crawled a little faster, glad for the pads protecting his knees as they crossed onto the hard kitchen floor.
“Looks perfectly normal,” Castiel said, his desire starting to get the better of him. “Would you like me to examine you, Dean? So we can make sure everything is okay?”
Dean whined when he felt Balthazar finally slip free, quickly shoving the plug back into place before any seed could escape. He felt so bloated with it all, but at the same time it pleased him because he knew this was what his Alpha wanted.
He watched as Dean stood and and slowly gathered his things, and Castiel stood and headed for the door, ready to leave. “Goodbye Mr. Winchester,” he said, turning to let the omega pass him so he could lock up behind.
“It turns you on,” Castiel said, dropping his lips to Dean’s ear. “You’re going to have to call me Daddy in front of people, too. Does that turn you on?”
“Ah yes,” Benny said, offering a hand to shake. “Let’s see if I remember correctly. Balthazar is a senior partner at one of those high powered law firms in town and Gadreel is a mover and shaker at city hall. Is that right?”
Dean knew his training had included scent conditioning, but he knew it was so much more than that. Castiel was his true mate, and Dean was blissfully happy to know he would spend the rest of his life pleasing him. He was convinced it was the only thing an omega truly wanted.
Castiel had been looking for a mate, and he didn’t think he could ever do better than the beautiful boy standing before him.
AN: This is going to end the chapter story, but I will revisit the story eventually to do timestamps in the future. I’m sorry I left the last three alphas hanging, but I decided they would be OCs and didn't need introduction, so its not meant to be a cliffhanger. We will meet them someday in a timestamp. Any additional timestamps will be added as additional chapters.
“Welcome to the Novak Inn,” The man said with a smile. “My name is Castiel, can I get you both a room for the night?”
“I’ll get him to bed,” Benny said fondly, easily picking Dean up and gathering him in his arms. “Come on Sweetheart, I know you need a nap after that.”
Dean whined and moaned as Castiel’s knot swelled to fill him. “Please Alpha, wanna come! Alpha!” He moaned, struggling to get out the words. “Good fuckhole, please!”
Dean smiled and relaxed into Castiel’s chest as the alpha cleaned him, just enjoying the soft touches. He reached out and picked up one of his floating toys, playing with it quietly while his daddy cleaned him and enjoyed his body, continuing to touch him all over.
Dean’s face burned with mortification as he realized he really wasn’t going to have a choice. He looked back and forth between Cas and Benny, eyes pleading.
kink. Just thinking about using the word was making Dean’s dick twitch, and he could already feel himself getting a little slick.
His panties had been swapped out for a similar pink pair, only these were trimmed with pearls and the bow over his bare ass had a large diamond in the center. His stockings were replaced by glittering pink heals, and on both of his wrists he wore diamond studded pink cuffs. He still wore his collar and his robe, although he knew the robe wouldn’t last long, his alpha liked him naked when company was over.
Dean gasped when he felt the thick head of the alpha’s cock touch his wet entrance, then quickly start to press inside. He could no longer remember why he’d tried to run from this man, all he knew now was the intense instinct to submit to his new alpha. To let the man take whatever he wanted. Dean could only moan as the thick cock filled him and started to thrust.
“We’re highly compatible,” Castiel said, continuing to explain to his coworkers. “It seems to have triggered a mutual rut and heat. But I’ve got a half an hour until this knot goes down and the next wave hits, so let us continue.” His next comments were for Dean, spoken right in his ear, but still loud enough for all to hear. “After that I have a new omega to breed up, I want him swollen with pups by next quarter.”
Castiel chuckled, putting a hand high on Dean’s thigh. “A lot of domination. I gave him a choice before I claimed him, told him if he stayed he would belong to me. He stayed, and I have made my ownership
“I know you don’t understand,” Castiel said calmly. “You’re only a human, all of this is beyond your small mind’s ability to comprehend.” He ran a gentle hand through Dean’s hair, like a he were stroking a pet. “But you will be well cared for, and in exchange you will give me many pups. Once you are trained you will be happy.”
Dean whimpered, pushing his ass down to the bed, wild eyes watching the dogs fearfully. They were so much bigger from his new position.
“Should I get cleaned up, Alpha?” Dean asked, nervously. Even with the plug there was a little slick and seed leaking out, and he knew everyone would smell it.
Castiel just chuckled. “Everything is for sale, you just have to name the right price.” He looked the boy up and down for a moment. “How does $20,000 sound?”
Dean glared as Castiel turned to go back to cooking, and he immediately went back to his cross legged position. He wasn’t a dog and he refused to behave like one.
Castiel drove fast, and it was only a couple minutes before he was pulling into a multi car garage attached to a huge house. The Alpha jumped out of the car, hurrying around to help Dean out of the passenger seat.
He heard the sounds of alphas trying to speak over each other, clamoring for Castiel’s attention. Dean didn’t pay it any mind.
Dean let out a long moan as the Alpha drove into him hard, his heavy balls slapping against him with each thrust. He gripped the edge of the counter tightly to hold on, his little cock hard and pressing into the side of the cabinet. He couldn’t think at all when he was being used like this, he quickly lost himself in the overwhelming pleasure and instinct to submit.
Dean came hard with a cry, come shooting out in spurts onto the table in front of him. He groaned through the orgasm and then slumped back into Castiel’s chest.
Dean cried and moaned as his orgasm was stretched out torturously long, and Castiel tried to hold back for a few more moments, but he finally lost control and slammed into Dean with a long groan. He came hard, his knot tying inside the omega and his seed filling him, and he slumped against the exhausted omega.
Dean felt himself start to panic, and he tried to stand up, only to be quickly yanked back down by a painful tug on his cock. Whimpering, he looked down at himself. He was horrified to see his cock was secured in a cage, and there was a light but strong chain running from the cage to cuffs on his ankles. There was enough slack to allow him to crawl, but not enough to let him stand.
“You’re hurt,” he says with a soft, yet disgruntled voice, like the mere thought of Dean being in pain is a personal affront.
Dean leads him towards his own bedroom and when Cas makes a small noise of confusion in the back of his throat, he explains: “Your bed is still a mess. I’ll wash the sheet while you sleep, but for now…”  He hums, softly pushing Cas through the threshold of his bedroom, instead of one of the many empty ones, heart somehow beating out of sync at the thought, like he’s a twelve years old girl with a crush or something. It makes him feel irrationally angry for a heartbeat – an out of sync one.
Dean has to admit he looked and sounded a lot more awesome in his fantasy. Not that he allowed himself a lot of time to daydream about reuniting with Castiel, the fear it wouldn’t happen, the pain of the loss, too tangible for him to lose himself in the comfort of an imagined rescue. But when he did… Well, Cas wasn’t in pain for starters. And Dean had more to say that half-hearted reassurance. The reality of it is cold and scary and Dean feels… Dean feels utterly helpless, wants so fiercely to fix it and doesn’t know how.
Except he didn’t have that much to lose facing God. He’d already lost Cas then, anything else seemed to matter less.
Cas follows him automatically outside. Dean doesn’t look back at him, but he can hear the sound of his door closing, then his footsteps as he walks around the car to join him on the driver’s side. Dean hopes he won’t be too annoyed he’ll have to wait a little longer to meet Jack properly. It’s not exactly something he considered when he impulsively decided to stop, but the awareness of Cas’ presence next to him – where he was so loudly absent only a few hours ago – is justification enough for him not to regret his choice. He just needs a minute to adjust, that’s all, Dean thinks distantly. He just needs a minute, a second. He glances at Cas’ face and feels a rush of relief at the lack of annoyance he finds. It's smooth, peaceful even, and Dean has an uncomfortable flashback to the sight of his corpse. He looked peaceful then too. Dean shakes his head, looks away. No annoyance is good. Cas isn’t usually one to hide that particular emotion so Dean mentally decides to take it as an implied agreement that they need some shuteye and chooses not to mention it at all.
He can do this instead, Dean thinks, raising their tangled hands to his mouth, pressing his lips on Cas’ skin.
He’s on all fours now, still not looking at Dean. They haven’t looked at each other once, not face to face, not face on, not that Dean is keeping track or anything. The shaking seems to have worsened now, actually, and it’s not until Cas’ teeth start chattering that Dean figures he’s probably cold.
“You don’t have to tell me,” Cas says softly in the face of Dean’s evident turmoil and he does, he really does. If he wants things to be different, to be better, Dean has got to learn how to do this. He’s got to learn how to not be afraid of this.
And if Cas, no matter what he said before he let the Empty take him, wants to leave and be human somewhere else, with someone else, afterwards, then Dean is going to accept that. He didn’t rescue him to keep him after all. He’s a selfish bastard, but he’s not that selfish.
He’s always been a fight kind of guy. And this is something he definitely wants to fight for, something he defied more than one cosmic entity for. So why, when Cas gave him such a meaningful – such an open – look, did he fucking
Dean nods back, feeling a little ridiculous, the two of them standing there like that when a few minutes ago Dean’s hands were everywhere on Cas’ body.
Cas’ face softens with understanding. He nods. “I’ll go with you,” he whispers, grabbing Dean’s left forearm and squeezing him for half a beat before letting go, unaware he just set Dean’s skin on fire. “You can tell me all about it.”
“Hello Dean,” Cas says, finally looking well-rested. There are colours back to his cheeks now, the bags under his eyes still present but much less prominent than they were before. His hair is dry in messy tangles and he looks soft, in Dean’s clothes, in Dean’s bathrobe. But more importantly, he looks
“This is stupid,” Dean mutters to himself, letting Cas’ hands go and getting up, his chair scraping loudly against the floor.
Somehow, Dean hadn’t known that’s what he was going to say and, for a second, the weight of this confession is heavier than ever before, heavier than when he was its lone carrier.
There, he drops everything to the floor before grabbing one item at the time to check them over, spraying the worst of it with some stain remover and pre-washing the blood out with cold water and soap. He’s about to start the load when he looks at himself and his dirty, relatively rumpled clothes. He’s got a few wet spots where his tee-shirt clings, from the shower or the laundry, or both. Dean tilts his head, bringing his shirt up to his nose, sniffing, trying to remember the last time he changed. He’s not even sure what it is anymore, all of them blurred after Sam took off with his girlfriend. The movement unveils a big dirt stain on the bottom of his tee and Dean grimaces, taking the plaid shirt off, then the dirty tee-shirt underneath, throwing both in the washing machine. Dean scratches his lower belly absently, looking down at his jeans before shrugging, bending down to unlace his boots, taking them, the jeans, and his socks off. He leaves the boots aside and adds the jeans and socks to the machine before finally starting it.
“I could always fix it,” Cas continues, contrite. “Now, I….” He shakes his head, grief written all over his face, and Dean knows it’s about more than the twinges in his back. It’s about Cas losing a part of himself and that’s not sorrow a snap of a finger, or one touch, can cure. “Witnessing pain is always a difficult process, but especially yours,” he adds, utterly sincere and Dean is pretty sure his heart is about to fall out of his ass.
Then, finally, a whisper against the skin of Dean’s neck: “You should look at land instead,” Cas says and Dean hums, a small puzzled noise, not quite a question yet, before Cas continues, “If we’re going to build a life together, we should actually build it.” He says it so softly, his fingers sliding into Dean’s where they’re resting on Dean’s stomach. “You’re good with your hands,” Cas adds, and on someone else’s lips, under different circumstances, it would sound like an innuendo.
Cas seems to understand that without being told and he doesn’t ask any questions Dean doesn’t know how to answer yet. He simply listens kindly.
It really is going to be all okay, Dean thinks, happy ending that Chuck wanted to deny them included, and that, suddenly, makes him laugh.
And maybe it’s the only type of love angels are capable of feeling. Familial. Platonic. Divine. Not tainted by selfish needs and urges. Not tainted by possessiveness. Not tainted by all those complex human desires.
style. It’s that damn adrenaline still coursing through his body. He could punch God in the face with that much reckless energy inside of him right now. The guy would deserve it too, not answering his prayers like that and letting Cas die like it was nothing, like it was meaningless.
“No, no,” Dean says, shaking his head again. “Thanks, man, but… I don’t…” he trails off, looking down at the burnt orange carpet. It’s probably older than he is. He forgets sometimes, with the comfort of the bunker, that he used to live like this, all the time. A ship lost at sea with no harbour. But he has a port now and, he thinks vaguely, looking back at Cas’ celestial everything, a lighthouse. It’s not so bad. “I think I’m gonna go grab some food,” he finally adds after a long pause. “Pretty sure I saw a sign for a 24h diner a while back, so.” He shrugs as nonchalantly as possible. He doesn’t need to meet Cas’ eyes to know he can see right through it. “It
Dean moves from Cas’ back to his shoulders, down his arms, to his own hands. He washes them, finger by finger, scrubbing the dirt and the blood off Cas’ fingernails. He remembers doing this for Sammy when he was little, finger sticky with whatever Dean fed him that day, remembers the purity of it, the innocence, helping Sam because he was too small to do it himself and Dean loved him.
He doesn’t say any of that, though he’s sure Cas would have the patience to hear it all. As silly as it is. Instead, he locks himself in the bathroom with shaky hands and doesn’t look back at Cas at all. He takes his time in the shower, washing every nook and cranny in the hope it’ll make that feeling deep in his chest go away. This happiness is so vast he can’t contain it, but it’s also tainted with desperation. Is this what people feel like when angels take ahold of them and turn them into vessels? Small? Filled with light? Filled with fear?
Dean’s face slackens and he closes his eyes automatically in anticipation, bracing himself for tenderness the same way he braces himself for violence, body taut and heart rate quickening. Cas is delicate though, his lips like butterfly wings on Dean’s skin, there once second and gone the next. Dean is about to open his eyes again when he feels the calluses of Cas’ hands on his jaw, holding him softly like he’s precious. He feels those lips again, on his left eyelid, then his right, and it brings tears to his eyes again. He exhales, clearly overwhelmed, and the touch is gone, all of it. He doesn’t have the time to regret his reaction and miss it though, because Cas reaches for him again almost immediately, fitting his hand over the mark he left on Dean’s shoulders all those years ago in Hell, gripping him comfortingly.
. Dean is a grown man in his forties, he can own up to his mistakes, can apologise to the man he… He can apologise without making a spectacle of it.
He doesn’t know what’s going wrong. He didn’t plan much beyond getting into the Empty in the first place, had assumed he’d failed when he was thrown back into the world, into the bunker, violently, his back hitting one of the bookshelves in the library with a loud thud, an ache he assumes he’s going to feel for weeks blossoming across his body. Cas being just as violently thrown right after him was a surprise, the unexpected success story, but now Dean, looking at the pallor of his skin, looking at the sheen of sweat in the back of his neck, looking at his trembling figure, isn’t so sure this is a victory.
He could say it now, if he had the courage. But Cas still looks so small, so overwhelmed… And Dean… Dean swallows it all back down. He certainly has enough practice doing that.
“That hardly matters Dean,” Cas replies in the darkened kitchen, the skin between his eyebrows pinched as he frowns.
He stumbles a little, still clinging to that first blanket Dean gave him, but manages to steady himself, one hand against the wall, the other not letting go of the fabric. Dean hovers close just in case, scared this little boost of energy Cas seems to be having isn’t here to last.
Still, it’s no reason not to be mindful so Dean very silently picks up a different tee-shirt, plaid shirt, jeans combination for himself. He’s about to leave the room to get dressed in the corridor when Cas moves in his sleep, turning away from Dean and wrapping his arms around one of the pillows, curling further on himself under the covers, the nape of his neck suddenly exposed.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He just looks at Dean, waiting patiently for him to find the words but he doesn’t have any. If Cas felt freer, felt true happiness saying all those things he did the last time they saw each other then Dean feels nothing but
Not yet, at least. There’ll be time… Later. When Cas feels better. When Dean is more composed, when he…
Dean finds himself battling the irritating urge to take a picture of it, of that silly smile, of Cas, whole and holy under the fluorescents, so he can forever keep the exact memory of the mixture of euphoria and tragedy nestled in his chest right now.
For a moment, Dean wonders what Cas might be dreaming about now that he’s human again. He wonders if he’s so tired that his entire mind is blank while he recharges; if a dreamless sleep like that might remind him of the Empty; if it’s something that could be distressing. What if he has a nightmare and wakes up alone? Should Dean stay in case Cas wakes up confused?
“Neither have I,” Cas replies plainly and maybe it’s that simple, maybe starting over for them doesn’t have to be a big deal.
Okay, Dean thinks, edging towards frantic. It’s going to be okay. Then, to convince himself, he says so out loud: “Yeah, it’s me, buddy, you’re going to be okay.”
So, one day, he started actually looking. Looking at houses in the area, houses on the other side of the country, East Coast, West Coast, smack right in the middle of fuck-all nowhere land; Dean looked at houses all over the place.
“So did I,” he adds. It comes out bitter even though it’s mostly a lie. He didn’t stop their journey because he was tired, after all, quite the opposite.
At first, it was an accident. A sign in front of a house on the drive back from a hunt that made him go ‘uh’ as he imagined Cas sipping tea on that big porch, nose buried in a book. He dismissed the thought straight away – a silly fantasy that doesn’t need naming – but it kept coming up again and again, kept getting more elaborate as time went on.
Cas doesn’t say anything back, his body feeling tense, perhaps embarrassed, in Dean’s arms before he starts relaxing slightly, arms coming up to hold Dean back. Dean closes his eyes and tightens his arms around Cas’ shoulders at that, letting the hug linger, needing it to.
He gets closer to the bed and just as he’s about to hold the socks out for Cas to put on, he changes his mind, kneeling at Cas’ feet, reverent.
Dean goes to grab the thickest socks he owns, closing the bottom drawer of his wardrobe with a small kick, before turning back towards his bed. Even though he knows to expect it, the sight of Cas rubbing one of his eyes, just sitting there in Dean’s bedroom like he was always meant to, like he’s always belonged there – and he has, of course, he has – feels like a horse kick to the chest. Dean is left breathless, overwhelmed. Not for the first time since Cas’ return, Dean has to violently remind himself to calm down. It’s all going to be okay now. No matter what happens, Cas is back and that means it’s all going to be okay. Dean can deal with whatever else.
First though, he makes his way towards the kitchen, grabbing a glass and filling it with water once he gets there. Then, he gets a bowl from the pantry too before silently returning to Cas’ bedroom, leaving both on his bedside table, easily accessible if needs be while Dean is busy. His hand hovers for a moment over Cas’ head, the temptation to stroke his hair, to soothe the trembling figure, suddenly overwhelming. But Dean shakes his head, forcing himself to leave again.
Dean tilts his head, frowning. The what? “The... plan?” he repeats, hesitant. “What are you talking about?”
It takes a little while, but eventually, Cas does puke again, mostly bile, and it sounds just as painful as before. Dean makes a few comforting noises in the back of his throat as it happens, his hand never leaving Cas’ back. It should feel weirder than it is, Dean thinks vaguely. He never allows himself to touch Cas this long, even in life-threatening situations. But it’s not. It’s not weird at all, it feels right in ways Dean doesn’t want to think about too much.
The angle is awkward at best and Dean’s lower back twinges, reminding him quite unpleasantly that he was tossed into a bookshelf fuck knows how many hours ago, but he can’t care about this. Not now this is happening.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees for lack of a better thing to say, fussing with Cas a bit, making sure the blanket is still wrapped tightly around his naked body, flicking black goo off his hair like a mother hen. They’re still holding hands and the feel of Cas’ skin is burning a hole in Dean’s palm. Did touching him always feel like this?  “Let’s get you horizontal, right?” he adds when Cas sways on his feet, letting go of Cas’ hand to wrap his arm around his waist instead, helping him stay up.
“G’night,” Sam says half-heartedly before burying himself under the stained comforter without even looking at them.
“But –” Dean starts rubbing Cas’ back again when he’s hit with a full body shiver. Fuck, Dean hates this.
Cas nods. “It’s… a lot,” he admits in a small voice, looking away, and Dean wishes he didn’t feel the urge to hide, but he can’t imagine what it feels like to suddenly be thrust back into the world fundamentally
He smiles, feeling quite moved, taking a few steps away from the door and towards the bed without even noticing. It’s only when his fingers are a breath away from the skin of Cas’ neck that Dean realises he moved at all. He curls them into a fist a little defeatedly before changing his mind and committing to the caress. Cas hums in response and Dean tenses, suddenly afraid of getting caught – though doing what that’s so terrible, he doesn’t know – but Cas is still peaceful, still sleeping. Relieved, Dean takes his time rubbing his thumb right there on Cas’ neck, burying the rest of his fingers in Cas’ hair. He lets himself enjoy the moment, just for a second, grounding himself, reminding himself that this is
“It’s okay,” Cas whispers, one of his hands caressing Dean’s hair for a second before resting on the nape of his neck, pressing him a little further into Cas’ chest, blocking the outside world completely. “Say what you have to say, Dean,” he adds and that makes Dean cry even harder.
Dean nods, finally fully stepping away, walking back towards the table. “I’ve got some broth for you and I’ve made a sandwich too? But if you want anything –”
“Yeah,” he says, a little breathless, feeling a little dazed. He doesn’t have to only tear things down anymore. “Okay.”
When their eyes finally meet, they both know that they are thinking about it. Dean knows he must look like a deer caught in headlights, if the way Cas smiles, slightly tense, and mostly knowing, is any indication.
Cas nods, not even opening his eyes. He looks incredibly tiny for a second, and filthy. Dean hadn’t realised how much while he was curled up on the floor, but debris from the Empty, from God – Jack, Dean mentally corrects – knows what and where sticking to his skin. It must be uncomfortable, but Cas looks two seconds away from passing out so Dean swallows back down his offer to help him get cleaned up.
So, Dean keeps himself busy, grabbing the sheets stained with Cas’ blood, with dirt, with whatever the hell the Empty is made of. He grabs the blankets that aren’t as bad but still needs a thorough wash. Then, he grabs the pillowcases off the pillows. He bundles it all up into his arms with the towel and the rest, probably dirtying himself in the process, and finally makes his way to the laundry room.
Dean grins, masking the grimace of pain because that’s who he is, that’s what he does. He’s the strong one, the eldest, and that means being okay even when he’s not. “I’m old,” he corrects jokingly, stretching his back for a second. It’s not even untrue.
Dean hovers near the bathroom door for a second, the weight of Cas’ stare pinning him in place. Cas breaks eye contact first, glancing down pointedly at Dean’s jeans before going back to the touristy guide he’s found somewhere in the room while Dean showered.
Maybe that’s why Dean was afraid of it. But with the comforting weight of Cas at his side, Dean doesn’t feel as haunted.
Cas got stabbed and Dean had to wrap his body, his vessel, knowing there wasn’t really anything left of him in there, knowing that body hadn’t really belonged to him anyways. It had been a temple made to worship him at first, fuelled by Jimmy Novak’s faith. Then, after Castiel became Cas and Jimmy died, he settled into it like it was his own. But neither of them ever really forgot, especially not Cas, that there used to be a man who inhabited it before him. And faced with it cold, lifeless, void of Cas’ light, it was hard for Dean to reconcile it with the man he loved. But Dean still tried desperately to find meaning in the funeral rites, in the tending of the body, in its ceremonial burning. He swallowed back down irrational desires to do those things, those gestures, for Cas’ actual true form  – something he knows he’ll never be able to see, feel, or reach – and he focused all of his tenderness, all of his grief, on Jimmy Novak’s old body. A hunter’s funeral is the best thing he could offer and when he finally spread Cas’ ashes somewhere beautiful and quiet, hoping it would give him peace, Dean did it knowing he would never know the feeling again himself now that Cas was gone.
Finally, when Dean starts feeling like he’s indulged himself too long, he lets go, taking a small step back, not moving fully away before cupping Cas’ jaw and looking at him for a second, deep into his eyes, silently asking if he’s okay, or just reassuring himself that he really is.
“It took… It took a minute to figure out how to…” Dean trails off. How to get you back? How to be a person again now that agency was on the table? How to untangle the mix of
Dean’s not fast enough to hide his phone from view, though he does awkwardly try, and Cas catches sight of the listing, making a small noise of surprise in the back of his throat.
But maybe, Dean thinks as he very carefully, very tenderly, washes Cas’ back, his fingers barely a pressure on Cas’ skin, attentive to every tremor as he rinses the soap off, maybe they are Castiel’s hands too, remade by him bone by bone, tendon by tendon, pore by pore, infused with his grace, with his belief, when he raised Dean from hell. Not unlike Eve made from her lover’s ribs. Maybe, now that Chuck is gone, Dean can finally let his hands be good for this too.
He’s still thinking about it, mentally making a weekly recovery meal plan for Cas as he mops the vomit off the floor.
Once he’s happy with the temperature of the water coming off the tap, Dean gets up to grab the showerhead, clicking it on before properly kneeling next to the tub, getting comfortable to help Cas wash up.
He’s not quite sure how he’s going to explain the whole ‘I went and got Cas behind your back and without your help, because I was too chickenshit to tell you what happened before he died back then and I didn’t know what was going to happen if we were reunited’ thing. Dean still doesn’t know what’s going to happen, doesn’t know if Cas being human changes things, if he meant what he said, if he wants to forget the whole thing, if he….  He just doesn’t know.
“You’re not alone Dean,” he says slowly, softly, and Dean understands it for the comforting platitude it’s meant to be. “You have Sam, even if I –
Then, he slowly nudges Cas down, so he can sit in the tub, his knees bent in a semblance of modesty. Dean wonders if it’s as hard for him to accept help as it is for Dean, if maybe he’s making things worse by highlighting how much Cas can’t do this for himself right now.
“Dean, I’m –” Cas tries to speak again, only to stop straight away, inhaling sharply. Dean can see his jaw tightening as he kneels next to him again, carefully wrapping the blanket around his shoulders, letting his arm hold Cas for one second – just one – before he leans away, choosing to rub his hand over the blanket between Cas’ shoulder blades to create heat instead.
Then, he grabs the dirty washcloth, towel, and blanket he left behind, bundling them in his arms before walking back towards Cas’ room.
He makes a show of humming as he waits for the water to warm up, makes a show of telling Cas it’ll only be a second when he notices him shivering, makes a big show of saying it’s all going to be okay.
No. He needs to sort out the library. There’s still puke and black goo all over the floor, an entire bookshelf of books and scrolls and volumes scattered everywhere after Dean was thrown against it, not to mention the result of days and days of neglect while Dean was researching the best way to sneak into the Empty; dirty plates and notebooks as well as too many coffee mugs for Dean to own up to spread around the tables. Some of them on the floor. It’s a mess and clearly, Dean thinks, as he gives Cas one last look before finally leaving the room, he’s got time.
He does soften though, rubbing his thumb on the back of Cas’ hand in what he hopes is a soothing gesture. Dean couldn’t even admit he remembered Hell when he first got out, he can hardly fault Cas for looking away, even if he doesn’t want him to feel like he has to.
Cas sounds confused but Dean doesn’t take the time to explain, just walks around the table until he reaches his chair.
“I’m not sure,” Cas says again, voice low. He still looks puzzled, looking down at the human body that’s more his than ever like he can’t fully understand it. Or maybe Dean is reading too much into it, maybe Cas just feels like utter crap.
Dean takes a step back away from the bed, then another, until he’s leaning against the door, head hitting it with a small thud. He exhales slowly and surprises himself when he feels his eyes water. Cas is fine. He’s going to be fine, Dean repeats to himself. He’s not sure why he’s being so…. about it, when Cas is right here.
“I’m sorry,” he says, sounding more annoyed than sorry. “I know…” he stops, then sighs. A shadow passes across his face before he tries again, calmer now, sincere. “I know I’m not as useful without my grace.” Cas says it plainly, like it’s obvious that a human version of him is far from ideal, like just the fact that he’s here isn’t anything short of a miracle for Dean. “I know that,” he repeats, voice firmer this time. “But you know I’ll do everything I can to help you stop God.”
“No, I’m –” Cas starts saying, voice hoarse, just as Dean exclaims “hang on!”, finally letting go of Cas’ back, getting back on his feet and running through the disordered library, the evidence of many all-nighters scattered across the tables and the floor, until he reaches the green blanket he left in one corner a few days ago.
“It’s been a long day,” Dean insists and there must be something in his tone, on his face, because Sam shuts the hell up.
“We should probably get going,” Dean says, nodding towards Miss Goody-two-shoes. Without waiting for a response, he reaches into his jeans for his wallet, dropping a few bills on the table (including a generous tip) before getting up.
How could he? How could he know the depth of that love, the depth of that fear, the depth of that need? He’s still talking, still has no idea, and Dean is the one to blame for opening that door when he’s always known there was nothing behind it but pain and rejection. But he’s done it now and he has to see it through.
If Cas disapproves of his drinking, he doesn’t say so. He just insists: “Did it?” and Dean’s resolve crumbles as he looks back at him.
It’s too big to think about, so Dean doesn’t. Instead, he drags Cas out of his chair, looking for a better angle, never stopping the kissing. Dean doesn’t realise Cas is pushing him around until his back hits the counter, the bruises there flaring painfully.
“Wait,” Dean interrupts, not wanting to lose steam, to lose his nerves. Cas already said his piece months ago. He already told Dean how he felt. It’s selfish to ask more of him. Besides, it’s his turn now and he’s going to need that strength and courage he was praying for earlier. “Let me…” Dean stops himself, wide-eyed. What’s wrong with him that he can’t even say this? He faced God and
“I don’t want you to lie,” he says steadily, staring right into Cas’ eyes. There must be a hint of distress in his tone because Cas’ face softens and Dean has to look away before he continues. He closes his eyes, counts to five, then, tentatively, in a smaller voice, he finally admits: “I don’t want you to leave me alone.”
, that Cas is here. Then, he lets go and silently makes his way out of the room, quickly getting dressed in the corridor. Once that’s done, Dean slowly walks back to the kitchen.
He turns the shower off after almost forty minutes and rests his forehead against the tiles, breathing deeply in and out, letting himself dry for a while. He’s not sure what time it is by now, but he’s wide awake, nowhere close to feeling sleepy at all. So he gets out of the shower and puts his clothes back on rather than the doughnuts pyjama pants he brought with him.
“Think this motel is haunted?” he asks jokingly, voice hoarse, eyes looking up to the burnt-out lightbulb for a second.
So right now, he doesn’t want to be snappy and difficult, just for the sake of it. He doesn’t want to play this game of theirs, doesn’t want to feed their usual dynamic. He wants to be honest, for once.
“Trust me, Dean, this is a lot less painful than last time,” he says and Dean… Dean is pretty sure he doesn’t want to hear about this, doesn’t want to think about the implications, doesn’t want to think Cas might have… might have loved him already back then, how he might have felt when Dean sent him away. Cas shakes his head again. “Thank you,” he finally says, open, full of sincerity, face void of expectations. “For…. rescuing me, for taking care of me.”
He eats his slowly, picking at the crust like a child and it’s not until a while later, until after what feels like forever, Dean’s head bowed over his empty plate, hands in his hair, that a noise startles him out of his thoughts and he spots Cas just as he enters the kitchen.
They both know what he meant. Dean has been obsessively excavating every single word, every breath, every pause, of that speech since he first heard it. He knows exactly what Cas meant because Cas made sure there was no ambiguity and yet, selfishly, before he says anything else, he needs more reassurance. Still and again, disbelieving and overwhelmed, he wants Cas to say it.
Cas puts the pamphlet away, then gets up from the bed, taking a step towards him, his hand already raised towards Dean’s forehead. “I could…” he offers gently, and it’s the earnest eyes that Dean can’t cope with right now.
And if he did, how could he possibly say they don’t have to talk about this, how could he possibly say he knows where they stand.
Silently, he holds an index up to stop Cas from sliding under the covers and when Cas tilts his head, eyes sleepy, Dean smiles at him, unable to hold back when he looks so rumpled and relaxed, wet hair ruffled and sticking up everywhere. Once upon a time, Castiel led armies in Heaven and here he is, adorably falling asleep in Dean’s bed. It helps that colour has finally started to return to his cheeks, the nap, and especially the shower, doing wonders for his well-being. He still seems tired, the exhaustion of the reshaping of his entire cosmic being not something that will vanish with a couple of hours of shuteye, but he no longer looks on the brink of death. The gnarling in the bottom of Dean’s stomach, the incessant pit of
The witch stood in front of the young girl and said, “I’m finished here. I’ll give you the magic word when I receive the payment.”
“Dean, the more ground we cover, the faster we’ll find a way out. But, if you really need to take a break, I’m sure I can get Willow to stop.”
“Fine, whatever,” Dean sighed. He was an hour from the bunker so he’d just have to grab a hotel room tonight and head home in the morning.
Dean snorted and suddenly realized how date-like this night had really been. And he also realized that Cas seemed oddly okay with it. Had he been misjudging him all along?
He shook his head to clear the images from his mind and saw Cas staring at him. He licked his lips and felt himself leaning in to him, needing to feel his lips on his, when suddenly he was being yanked away from the bar and pulled down a hall. He pulled himself out of the haze to see the back of Cas, his hand wrapped around his arm in a death grip as he pulled him farther and farther away from the bar.
“So, you have a spell on you and you’re just now telling me?” Sam questioned with a huff. “That’s great, Dean, really.”
Cas’s eyebrows drew in when he asked, “Why would I be afraid? I love you, Dean. The only thing I was scared of was you not letting yourself love me the same way. What else is there to be afraid of?”
“If my heart explodes, Sam, I’ll be dead. Again.” He could feel Cas staring at him, could feel the worry that emanated from him, could feel Cas’ need to comfort him. He gritted his teeth and tried to push the need to seek him out from his mind. They were on a case right now and he needed to fight this. He needed his thoughts to be clear, not muddled with this damn spell, or the promise of love that would never be once this spell was lifted. As soon as those thoughts formed, his heart throbbed painfully with an intense ache, causing him to bend over and clutch his chest.
Cas bent down, his gaze focused on something in the distance. He looked concerned and Dean asked, “What? What do you see?”
Cas let the horse canter for another thirty minutes before signaling for it to stop. Dean was pretty sure he’d waited that long on purpose, but didn’t argue with Cas about it. As soon as Dean slid off Willow, her head jerked to the side, her ears flew forward on high alert, and she stomped her foot anxiously. Dean hurriedly gesture for Cas to get down, and as soon as Cas’s feet hit the ground, the horse whinnied and took off at full speed, its tail swishing wildly.
A few minutes went by and his eyes drifted shut as his muscles began to relax. He jerked awake when he felt a tap on his boot and looked up to see Cas peering down at him. Dean pulled the headphones off and said, “What’s up, Cas?”
Dean rested his chin on Cas’s shoulder as he studied the mountains that were coming into view. Thin strands of bright yellow light barely peeked out from the side of one of the mountains as the sun began to set. It was hard to gauge how fast darkness would come upon them in this land, so he knew they had to find a spot to rest for the night soon.
“Okay, so we need to turn left up here,” Sam said, interrupting his thoughts and pointing to a stop sign a few hundred feet ahead.
“It’s about time you guys came out of the closet,” Sam said with a smirk. He was leaning back in a chair, his legs resting on a coffee table, and his arms crossed as he stared down at them.
“Okay,” Cas said, his voice was deep and rough as if he’d just woken up himself, but he’d been awake all night listening for any noises that signified a predator was getting close. He slid his legs in between Dean’s and relaxed as he nuzzled up against him.
He walked downstairs and found Sam and Cas sitting at the table. Sam was doing some research on the computer, hoping to find a case, and Cas was watching,
Dean huffed as he let go of his erection for the fourth – fifth? – time and put both hands back on his computer. He hated it when his old standby clips let him down. He scrolled through the suggested videos, but he knew none of the busty Asian women on the screen were going to do it for him tonight. Deep down he knew what would. His finger slowly glided the mouse towards the top of the screen, hovering over the Categories tab but he stopped himself. Yeah fine. He wasn’t exactly straight but he wasn’t a fag. He wasn’t going to sit around watching videos of two dudes fucking each other.
Dean rolled to his back and touched himself over his sweats picturing Castiel, the weirdo with the dark hair and strong hands he had hooked up with the night before. He knew Jody would probably yell at him if she knew he had gotten drunk and went to a strange guy’s house after only texting back and forth for a day but it had been worth it.
He could feel himself beginning to throb. He could hear his own breath and heartbeat. As Castiel kissed his way down his chest, he felt like he might explode. Castiel on the other hand remained slow and patient.
Dean shoved his hand into his pants and squeezed his throbbing cock. He pictured Cas’ warm body pressing into him. His hand had trailed down Dean’s chest, brushing over his nipple. That too had sent a pleasant shock down his body. Dean chose not to think about the embarrassing sounds that had escaped his mouth as Cas had begun to massage his nipple, eventually taking it between his two fingers rolling and softly squeezing it.
Two fingers suddenly plunged inside him reaching dangerously close to his prostate. It was an almost worse torture. But he liked it. The way the two fingers were just enough to stretch him but not too much. The way they grazed so close to the spot that would give him the most pleasure but came up short. It was frustrating in a way that itched a scratch he didn’t know he had.
But he sucked a breath in as he grabbed his own nipple between his fingers. He twisted slightly and let out a short moan. His right hand moved faster on his cock getting him close. It hurt but it felt good. He could feel his movements become erratic as he drew closer and closer to coming. He moved on to his other nipple, probably pinching and twisting way too tight but reveling in the pain and pleasure it was causing.
He threw his head back and closed his eyes. He was beginning to sweat. He just wanted Cas’ cock inside of him. But the drawn out teasing, getting only what Castiel felt like giving him, was a glorious torture of its own.
“You good?” Dean felt blood rush to his cheeks and laughed as he looked away. He had literally just been staring at Castiel, hoping he would start playing with his nipples like he had the last time. Dean felt his blush deepen as he felt Castiel’s eyes on him, waiting for a response.
“Pretty much finished up for the day. Figure I’d head home and get an early start tomorrow.” The lie rolled out of Dean’s mouth almost too easily. But he knew he had to choose his words carefully. When you’re known for being a workaholic with no life, anything out of the norm will get you questions.
He pulled his pants up and flipped down to his side. The soft fabric rubbed against him as his hard cock hit the mattress. A shiver ran across his spine and he let out a frustrated breath. He closes his eyes and moved his hips slightly, imagining it was Castiel who was touching him. He felt a warmth spread throughout his body.
Dean grabbed the sheet of the bed and let the rest of his body go loose. Castiel eventually took a tight hold of his hips and began to pound away, every fourth or fifth thrust meeting him in just the right spot. He felt himself getting close and realized he hadn’t even been touching himself. He looked to Cas’ face to see that he was probably getting close himself.
After a good minute, he felt his heart rate lower back to normal and the feeling return to his feet. He realized he had never actually taken his pants back down so he simply pulled them off and used them to clean himself up. He didn’t bother finding another pair of sweats as he chucked them aside and let himself drift off to sleep.
“Yes. Sorry.” Castiel still looked nervous. Dean took another deep breath and laughed again. “Sorry. We’re just moving too fast.”
Unless he actually did have somewhere to be. And he couldn’t exactly tell his coworkers “Oh I’m just on my way to get fucked by a dude I met on the internet! See you tomorrow!” He had a feeling that kind of statement would actually go over well with most of them. But that was besides the point.
He thought about grabbing the lube the sat somewhere on the bed but it didn’t seem worth the hassle. Instead he smeared the bit of precum he had down the rest of his shaft and started roughly jacking himself off. He noticed Castiel slow down in his thrusts and looked up to see him watching.
With his head lolled back and his mouth slack jawed open, a pool of saliva had formed which he had promptly sucked in. Dean coughed as he struggled to clear his airway.
“Yeah.” He quickly squeezed his eyes shut, hearing the breathiness in his own voice. He cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders.
Dean kicked his shoes and socks off at the entrance, grateful he had run home and grabbed a fresh, non-smelly change of clothes.
“Think you could help me out with this before you head out?” Dean rolled his eyes internally but kept his face neutral.
Castiel bent forward and gave him a quiet kiss on the lips. They were sticky and sweaty and his nipples fucking hurt. But it all felt nice.
He let his body go limp, hand falling to the side. His orgasm flowed through him for what felt like minutes. And maybe it was. By the time he opened his eyes again, Cas was slumped over him in his own afterglow. Dean wasn’t sure if he could feel his or his own heart beat against his skin. And it didn’t really matter.
“Sorry. Had to work late.” That seemed to be all Castiel needed before pulling Dean into a kiss. The tore their shirts off as they stumbled along to Castiel’s bedroom. Dean kicked off his jeans before falling into bed, Cas quickly on top of him in nothing but the black dress pants he was wearing when Dean had arrived. He climbed on top of Dean with ease and began making out with him.
He felt so ridiculous. He was in bed with a stranger who had just made him choke on his own spit but somehow his smile made everything seem alright. Dean knew his brain should be on a downward shame spiral of embarrassment but the twinkle in Cas’ eyes made it seem so… normal? Okay?
