“Don’t you realise that, if you keep this up, you will be late for your date?”
officials or briefing Lestrade. Molly has contributed when needed. She has kept an eye on the young woman until the emergency services have finally appeared.
Well, you only reap what you sow.
“What? But you don’t even know…”
“It’s not really my project, you know, we have a committee comprised of eleven members and we take decisions together. Everyone gets to say his piece, it doesn’t matter if you have been a member for two years or two months…”
His time – and his injury – in Afghanistan has taught him at least one thing – it was better to be his own man. To rely on himself. To be able to say “No” to absurd orders, which could potentially endanger others and…
It was all fine, he thought.
“I hear you, young lady. Don’t think you’re getting off so easily…”
But he wouldn’t stop there.
And now Sherlock has committed himself to deliver a speech at his brother’s wedding.
Sherlock remained frozen on the spot, his mind overwhelmed with possibilities and dreams he has been having when he dared to imagine that one day, John would be more than his closest friend.
Whatever it was, it wasn’t good, as Sherlock’s answer confirmed it.
“So, he
"Yes. I'm sorry to have... ignored you all this time. I wasn't... I didn't..."
He was nuzzling Sherlock’s graceful neck, promising himself that next time, he would mark this pale skin with a glorious love bite, when he heard “John?”
Dave and Paul backed off, simple lads who were more interested in Ross’ beer than in Johnny’s love life (or lack of), but Helen wasn’t so easily deterred.
“Stop it!” he muttered to himself before texting back a terse
“That’s not true,” Molly protested. “You can be sweet to each other when you want to be.”
A former drug addict.
But what other choice did he have, really?
It fit his little brother like a glove, after all.
Ross let out a loud sigh.
And furious against himself at the same time.
A hand on your waist, so light you were afraid you were dreaming.
“I want to see her again.”
“No, I’m not very fond of them,” SH replied in a serious voice. “Should we say tomorrow at 7 pm?”
“What’s so funny?” he has whispered in her ear, already smiling and ready to share the joke.
They might even laugh about it with their friends or colleagues.
Apart from throwing himself at the first person he found interesting?
And it was more than fine in the end.
It shouldn’t have mattered. Sherlock has fought tooth and nail to keep his freedom, to keep his mind clear and focused on nothing else but the Work. Never getting distracted, never allowing someone to grow into something else than a fling, a mere one-night entertainment or an useful tool to serve the Work.
“I hate you,” he said through gritted teeth.
He startled, a bit surprised to find himself lingering in the lobby, his hastily thrown together suitcase lying at his feet. He raised his head, looking up just in time to see Sherlock coming down from the stairs, a frankly annoyed look on his face.
Harry glanced at him, surprise in her blue eyes. Then, a shadow of a smile bloomed on her lips.
So much for being afraid that she would deduce her.
Sherlock was always taking for granted the fact that John would stay with him no matter what. It was high time that John disabused him of this notion.
“I asked Mum.”
“Brother,” Mycroft started, “to what do…”
people, if you get my…”
“Don’t growl, Pooh Bear. And now to speak of that bet…”
In this Sherlock surprised him. One by one, Moriarty’s minions started to fall, like apples rotten to the core removed by the gardener’s careful hand. Their downfall was orchestrated with such an implacable will that it didn’t take long for Mycroft to understand that Sherlock was motivated for the first time in his life not by his burning curiosity or his wish to be the first to solve a problem, but by a terrible wrath.
“Of course! (He turned to the nearby mansion, where a few windows were still lit.) I think our hostess is getting impatient.”
That would teach him to be nice to bloody weirdos, he thinks. “What a cheek!” he muttered to the empty room. He has barely put the phone down that it gave out a flurry of sounds.
And as if it wasn’t clear, the man added “With me, I mean.”
He had broached the subject with Sherlock several times, not quite daring to ask him “why”.
John has let himself falling for his best friend, his flatmate and, as a consequence, he found himself now between the devil and the blue sea.
He could deal with inconvenient lust and unwanted hormones – he was no stranger to this kind of sticky situations, when the only solution was to get rid of these feelings because their target remained unattainable.
His hand was now a blur on John’s cock. Pleasure was stifling him, but John resisted, he didn’t want to go under now. Not when the words were already rolling on his tongue.
“Would actually be nicer if you all weren’t always at one another’s throats!” Lestrade retorted. “You know, closing such a case is the perfect opportunity to celebrate at the nearest pub…”
No, it couldn’t be. John certainly remembered these days where everything and everyone seemed to gravitate round the master of this house.
“I was fascinated by Da Vinci when I was young,” Sherlock suddenly said, breaking the cosy silence between them. “I’ve read literally everything that I could lay my hands on about him.”
“John?”
Joan groaned. No, she didn’t think so.
“But how?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He googled it, clicking on the first link at the top of the page.
But then, Sherlock hasn’t asked him to go with him. He has simply said “I’ll come back, I promise” before leaving. Irene has even flashed him a smug smile before disappearing. And John has been left alone in this back alley, second-guessing himself since then.
“Nice try. As if that nasty piece of shit wouldn’t be found and dealt with as soon as we set foot in that room.”
“What are you… Oh!”
Her lover released her breast, licking her skin until she reached her earlobe.
Irene’s answer was lost in the voice suddenly booming from the loudspeakers.
“You don’t know how it is,” he rasped out, which was as good as admitting it.
His hands on her body. His lips on hers. His tongue on her pale skin.
“Don’t worry about it, everyone here has at least tripped once over those little buggers…” Hussein picked up the little board, that John’s fall has sent flying a few feet away from them. A large “8” was written on it.
She stiffly nodded at this farewell, hoping against all odds she could conceal the pain she was feeling at this moment.
Bloody Cold Bastard.
His first instinct was to balk at offering them – his wallet was already wailing with despair – but John found himself smiling at that.
Suddenly, Jane’s heavy breasts bouncing up and down as he canted his hips below her, establishing a fast and furious rhythm, vanished, leaving behind a flat, slim chest.
And it wasn’t the best idea at this moment. He should have endured the trip in silence and waited until they were safely ensconced in Baker Street.
“Irene! Don’t call me like that…”
“What makes you think I know the answer, huh?”
“Sherlock!”
“Straight to the point, I see. And here I thought we could have a nice little chat with a cup of tea!”
Mycroft had raised an eyebrow, examining him from head to toe – an inspection which didn’t impress John in the least, having built up a large tolerance to this kind of gaze, thanks to Sherlock.
“John…”
Irene became aware that her voice was sharper as intended. Her self-control was slipping and her frustration with both the case and Molly’s unexpected appearance was getting the better of her. Her companion must have felt this because she nodded and sat down with a quiet “Sorry”. Irene fought the temptation to tell her to stop apologizing, replying instead “Thank you.”
“What is it? Tell me.”
“I don’t know anything anymore when you are concerned.”
“John? Are you…?”
John remained frozen on the spot, staring wide-eyed at his sister – the one person he would never have expected to appear one day on his flat’s threshold. His disbelieving surprise coloured his voice, turning it into a gruff growl as he asked
No, of course.
Sherlock draping himself over him with a proprietary air, his nimble fingers exploring the valleys and ridges of his body, finding the space where John’s shirt has ridden up. His fingertips grazed the bare, sweaty skin of John’s back.
Sherlock remained frozen on the spot, staring open-mouthed at the other man.
(See the end of the chapter for
I’m supposed to write the things I liked about you – Ella’s orders, you know.
And they were certainly doing that, John absentmindedly mused. He forgot the club, the stale smells floating around, the foreign bodies brushing against his in the throes of dancing. He forgot everything which wasn’t Sherlock.
Not yet, at least.
Or, on the contrary, should he be more forward, taking advantage of the shadows draping themselves over the city, and push his companion against the nearest wall for a heated snog?
He had only one more card to play, he mused, as he pulled the little box out of his pocket.
John stared at his phone, torn between the desire to join Sherlock wherever he might be in his own Wonderland and the need to send a message to Greg, trying to alleviate the pain he was quite sure the DI was in.
“Useful little application, that one,” he has said in a good-nature voice, which barely concealed his vibrant glee, as he played over and over again the recording of Sherlock’s indignant “Why do you say I can’t? Of course, I can make a bloody speech!”
“Drop it. Please.”
Accelerating heartbeat.
“Wish I had remembered it earlier,” he said, raising his still half-full glass in a drunken salute to Bes.
She didn’t miss the shadow of a smile on Sherlock’s lips.
replied!” she said in a smug voice.
As for the cases, she mused, they could always wait for Lestrade’s. After all, they almost always were more interesting than the “mysteries” brought by private clients.
What she didn’t expect to hear was Sherlock replying with a nonchalant voice which didn’t suit her at all “Okay, then. Since you’re buying, I might make an effort and listening to what you have to say on that matter…”
As he expected, Mycroft beautifully took the bait.
(See the end of the chapter for
In a swift second, Sherlock’s face changed, turning from melancholic to animated, an unexpected joy suffusing his features. It wasn’t the expression he usually wore when he solved a case, though. It was something purer, even more enthralling than John has ever seen on his face.
“Next time before you think of speed-dating… Hit the gym first, okay?”
And the cautious hope blooming in his date’s eyes was encouraging him to do so.
“Sherlock, you promised…”
And this whisper sounded like a final confirmation the man he has admired, helped and fallen in love with was alive.
still loitering in the lobby.
New life.
“If you want to slum it, brother mine, that’s your choice. (He leant in, to Sherlock’s obvious disgust.) You know you can do better. Much better. These people… They will never see you for what you are, Sherlock. They’re simple minds, they don’t have an ambitious bone in their body.”
Not the content per se. John couldn’t really care about the various types of tobacco and the means to identify the different ashes. What got him completely enthralled was what he was feeling behind Sherlock’s words – the blazing passion when he was writing about his work, the sheer determination he seemed to dedicate to everything catching his fancy…
Seething with rage, jealousy, bitter disappointment.
He swallowed hard. It was obvious he was quite inexperienced in the art of apologizing and Greg was unexpectedly charmed by it.
Mycroft was finally forced to admit his defeat. It wasn’t the first time he has been obliged to do so, but it was certainly one of his harshest failures.
With an effort he got his mind out of the gutter.
Greg wasn’t sure anymore if they were still talking about his offer or about something else, but he didn’t care very much as he let what was surely a silly grin creasing his lips. Mycroft  first looked at him with amazement in his gaze before attempting to smile back at him. A worthy attempt, Greg considered.
He snorted – it was ironic to think he might be killed for something he didn’t know, as Sherlock hasn’t confided in him before falling to his death.
No new addiction of any kind on the horizon.
It was barely a whisper and yet it seemed to echo endlessly in the room. Joan shook her head.
She handed over a single page – luxury stationery, slanted handwriting.
“Yeah, I know,” she said with a worried little sigh, which made him feel suddenly an inch tall. For a moment, he was afraid she would insist again on having a “chat” with him like she has tried more than once in the immediate wake of Sherlock’s death.
His face was already flushed, he could tell but it didn’t matter, after all.
His pallid skin was still flushed red from grief, his eyes red-rimmed. His hair looked greasy and unkempt.
A light growl rose up on the other side of the door.
He shouldn’t have ignored this casual exclusion of Harry, as if from that moment on, their parents only had one child.
Should have supported her, as she has asked him to.
Instead, he took a deep breath.
If he was dangerous, John Watson was the true threat.
He couldn’t breathe anymore.
“A large part of Moriarty’s network seems to have gathered here, in London. We do not have any proof yet, but some signs do not lie.”
His feet were already carrying him to the other side of the bar. He desperately needed a break, he needed to think about what has happened and…
“Just a small detail I would like to discuss with you…”
Sherlock. Always Sherlock.
“But it would a be shame,” Sherlock went on, punctuating each word with a nip of his teeth and a soothing kiss afterwards, “not to hear whatever dreams you might have about me…”
He didn’t wait for an answer, holding out a hand to John.
“What are you trying to do here, Sherlock? What are you waiting for? That Chance will drop everything your heart desires in your lap, including your little student?”
And thus, came the annoyance, destroying any pity he might have felt for the poor bastard, because, really couldn’t he take a hint? How many times must John ignore him? For God’s sake, the man was really testing his patience – even more so when John had to remind himself not to give in and simply
It was… completely crazy.
“Nice of you, mate,” Lestrade replied with a tired smile.
There was now a hint of pity in Mycroft’s expression and Sherlock has to look away.
He shrugged before saying “My gut feeling tells me that they have found out who was behind the attacks in Eastern Europe. And they intend to make them pay.”
“Yep. And you’re going to need all the madness you can find to talk to Sherlock, you know.”
Told you it would get better :)
“Are you coming or not?” he impatiently asked, ignoring the startled looks from clients and staff alike. “And bring the suitcase!”
His father’s voice faded from his mind. John knew though it was only a temporary respite, that it will come back, but right now he felt no shame. Only freedom.
He wants to protest, to scream that no, it’s not okay, it never was, but he can’t say that aloud, can he?
“A friend of mine talked me into taking part in this…. And it looked like fun, you know?”
When he came back several hours later, loaded down with two full plastic bags – in view of his shopping bill, he definitely should think of getting a job – he couldn’t help but defiantly staring at the phone. His behaviour was completely ridiculous, John thought, who in his right mind would be afraid of looking at a bloody piece of plastic to see if he had any message left?
John wasn’t feeling especially lucky right now. He took a deep breath, trying to settle his nerves.
“Spare me. You’re only sorry you got caught. If I had not turned round just in time to catch you out calling me like this in front of Dimmock, you would have pretended it hasn’t happened.”
Sherlock’s jealousy reared its ugly head when he glimpsed the smile John typically kept for the women he found attractive blooming on his lips. He fought the impulse to look away and he was rewarded for this effort when the woman, who has introduced herself as Mrs Sylvie Dubusson, only gave a polite nod in answer to John’s greeting.
Please don’t let me go, he thought. Don’t let me fall in love with you if you cannot catch me.
the “drama queen” already rolling on his tongue.
Truth was, nothing could keep him away from the object of his fascination – obsession, his mind answered.
He hasn’t come all this way to wallow in self-pity and bringing barely buried memories back to life, has he?
John who has declared “having missed dearly his presence”. John who has apparently done a research about him, since he has found his number. John, who wanted to see him again.
“I know,” Sherlock simply said. “And I wanted to. Like I want you to touch me here…” She stroked the soft skin between her breasts. “ Here…” Her finger skirted round her belly button.
He loudly swore but before he could hang up, the ringtone was replaced with the fucking poshest voice he has ever heard “Oh, hello. I wasn’t actually expecting your call but… What a pleasant surprise!”
Who else but his brilliant, completely mad, obsessive friend?
Tall, fine, delicate features framed by dark curls which surely made hairdressers weep with envy, pale, flawless skin that John would love to make it blush.
So, Mister Curls was this man’s sibling. John suddenly felt a stab of pity for the poor bastard. Growing up in this man’s shadow has surely not been a piece of cake.
As if Sherlock was checking it has been okay to say this aloud.
“You’re not playing fair, Captain,” Sherlock murmured. He drew back a little, just enough to elicit a whine from John’s throat. He buried his fingers in John’s hair while his free hand found his companion’s waist.
“Your protection? It comes with much too high a price. Can you only imagine the consequences for the ones you left behind?”
“Not a problem for me,” Sherlock retorted, putting the document in front of him. He skimmed through it, eyebrows knitted together. He could sense John fidgeting in his seat. It seemed his friend has trouble repressing his natural curiosity as regards what appeared to be one of the oddest cases they have ever encountered.
What…?
I liked your voice. Do you know how many fantasies have sprung to my mind, whether you were deducing at top speed everything you observed about the visitor who has just sat down in your armchair or teasing me over a meal shared together? When I was in this state, aroused and dying of shame at the same time, I knew that if you ever had the fancy ordering me about, I would have obeyed without any restraint.
“Is it… I… You…”
He shrugged.
John smiled.
“I bet you really wish for the slightest opportunity to empty your gun into me, don’t you, pet?”
Afterwards, the phone has remained silent. And John has impatiently waited, his mind lost in a feverish haze at the idea that in few hours, he and Sherlock will meet again. Even the hard, cold voice whispering in his ear, hinting at the very real threat posed by the former Moriarty’s network could not deter him.
Really.
“I’m flattered.”
Gosh. Was she really fantasizing about her friend’s hair?
You didn’t have to truly watch them, however, and John has many times congratulated himself on never getting caught in the act, never being so blatant as to attract catty remarks and knowing smiles from his friends.
John gave a snort of laughter, memories of his shared childhood with Harry stirring through his mind.
Sherlock sighed. He knew he has been completely obvious, that John’s friends have since a few weeks – since the infamous incident of the Drink Spilled Over John’s Shirt – cottoned on Sherlock’s crush, smirking at him as soon as he set foot in the Honeybee before nudging John, winking at him and whispering in his ear how Sherlock was still looking at him.
“You mean to tell me that Mycroft…”
Mention of Transphobic behaviour and abuse in this chapter - psychological abuse, more precisely.
Thank his lucky stars Sherlock wasn’t in London.
He pulled his phone free from his pocket, intending to Google the blue flower next to the camellia, when his eyes were drawn to the tree in front of him.
In the end, he thought, I would have gone shopping at Tesco, still huffing and puffing, and I’d have forgotten this…incident the next day.
Someone slapped him hard on his shoulder and John gritted his teeth, hiding his displeasure at this gesture behind a friendly grin – Paul, this bastard, didn’t really know his strength!
And especially with a man – even if this one cut a striking figure.
His prey suddenly turned around. Spotted him right away.
Sherlock’s curt words put an end to Joan’s bloody fantasy.
Maybe he was trying to win some idiotic bet made with his colleagues- but in this case, he would have made his move in a more public setting, Mycroft thought, thus killing two birds with a stone – winning the bet and humiliating me in the process.
He reached out for the drawer, getting the lube and a condom. John’s arousal jumped into triple time when he heard the slick sounds of Sherlock working his hand over his cock before putting on the condom; It has been so long since he has bottomed, he would be lying if he told himself he wasn’t nervous. But he trusted Sherlock to make him feel good – a trust as instinctive as it was deep, taking root in everything which happened this night.
77.	And quickly get bored of your book and drag me up for kisses instead, because I am more interesting than any silly novel you might pick up
John in a frumpy jumper and exasperated smile tended to put a tingly-fuzzy glow in Sherlock's chest. John in full evening dress and a scowl triggered an acute myocardial infarction. Or at least, there was something making Sherlock want to collapse. To his knees. Right in front of the inverted V of the white waistcoat, where dangled a gold Saint Luke medal at the end of a matching watch chain.
Self-flagellation accomplishes nothing useful, so Sherlock only allows himself one remorseful grind of his teeth at his unthinking selfishness, and repeats his gentle prodding of last night over breakfast.
"No, take them." Sherlock thrusts the little stack of cardstock into John's hands, pushy and insistent. "They're ready, even if I'm not, and I'm already taking the coward's way out by having you read them instead of--"
He is much better now at communicating his wishes in clear and simple words. John seems to take great delight in fulfilling these wishes, which helps, of course. Apparently all Sherlock needed was the proper motivation.
Damn.
(Weeks?!)
It seems like a fair opening for an "obviously" and a shared giggle, but Sherlock doesn't trust his vocal chords with so many syllables. Or even a single syllable. He manages a shaky nod and then as John leans in, a quick inhale, like he's jumped off a bridge and is headed straight for the water.
Doctor and patient, he reminds himself. Don't misstep, not now. Don't presume.
Just as he automatically begins to hum and nod an affirmative, it hits him that after Step One: Write on Notecards comes Step Two: Read Notecards Aloud to John. He turns the mm-hm into an nuh-uh halfway through and winces as it comes out in an unintelligible squeak.
"Amazing. Just absolutely brilliant," John murmurs, and Sherlock could
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
He says none of this, but John still smiles at him as if he has and places a comforting hand against the small of Sherlock's back. This simple gesture is enough to shake Sherlock loose from his stunned reverie, and soon he's back to scribbling and scribing.
John  stared, not quite sure if the wedding was still the topic at hand.  Surely being asked to be the best man for a wedding couldn’t be  connected to this reaction no matter how many dots there were in  between.
DVD Commentary: 95% of the editing is done, so the remaining chapters will probably be able to be posted quickly, yay!
,  John. Best friend, only flatmate. But you’re always on the lookout for  someone else. You most certainly find me deficient or insufficient in  some aspects.”
“Want to bet?!”
He  paused and tried to think of what put that lovely glow in his chest,  not just a stirring low in his belly and a sweet ache even further  south.
best friend anyone could ever ask for. You’re not just good at sussing  out the motivations of criminals; you’re amazing at looking into  people’s hurts and vulnerabilities and really empathizing with them. And  even if sometimes the things you say aren’t taken well, it’s just your  own brand of honesty and
"The kisses will keep, but the groceries won't. Come and help me, and then I'll tell you where your microscope's hidden, and you can have all the kisses you want."
John sighs again, holds on a smidgen tighter.
39.	My thigh
His eyes cut over to his cards, now literally on the table. A relationship - whether friends long lost or something more about to begin - goes two ways. The image of a door with a two person control locking mechanism pops into his mind, and he smiles at the metaphor. (A Bond film tonight?) For all his protestations that a reply isn't necessary, perhaps John is waiting for Sherlock's response. And Sherlock himself needs John's answer in order to understand what paths are available to him. To them.
"My thinky thing?"
"Hey. Sorry to wake you."
Sherlock is unwell. He can recognize the chills and bone-deep ache of a fever, and moans unhappily as he attempts to burrow further into his bed and away from the cruel world that laid him low. Even the mulberry silk pajamas and bamboo sheets feel coarse against his body, but fear of exposing himself to the cold air of his room has him clawing his sheets and blankets tighter over his head.
Mycroft's cruelty and cunning knew no bounds.
As he recovers his strength, he also rebuilds his endurance. On yoga days, he tends to fall asleep so quickly that he doesn't even notice John climbing into bed, and is only reassured of John having stayed when he wakes to the sound of his snores. But one day, despite being kneaded into marshmallowy pliancy after a particularly grueling session of virabhadrasanas and trikonasanas, Sherlock manages to stay awake while listening to John complete his own nighttime routine.
ever since we met, and maybe you know and maybe you don't. Maybe you don't even care; I don't know, but I want to be done with it."
"We can't even get on a plane, much less into the country before his brother's goons are plucking us off the street and throwing us into a cab, but I think we eventually managed to be so annoying that they just started sending us updates on the promise that we'd stop trying to get in the way. I rather feel like a kid being handed a lolly and told to run off and play, but I have to admit it's a lot easier and cheaper this way."
"Don't think so, no." John's expression gets a little far away as he thinks back over details, and Sherlock lets his gaze linger lovingly, re-mapping those familiar-yet-not features, adjusting lines and adding grey hairs to his mental archive, regretting the traces of stress and sorrow but oh so grateful that they're there to provide evidence of John's survival.
(I love you.)
“Git,”  John muttered, and then wiped a hand down his face. “Right, well, if  you’re open to suggestions, I’d say you won’t get the results you want  from
While John had been inserting himself into a complicated game of tag between two dead men, he'd willingly thrown his money, availability, discretion, and resources into ensuring that Sherlock would emerge as the last man standing. He'd put his life and his corporation in the line of fire, and had been suddenly grateful for all of the events that had molded him into a man who could maintain an unflinching mask and cool head in the face of stressful circumstances and unpleasant surprises. Over a year later, Carthage is a smoking ruin with Mycroft Holmes plotting new cities in its ashes, and John and Sherlock are safe and sound in London where they belong. But John is still expending resources, only now it's into making sure Sherlock recovers, not just survives.
It helps that not only is the businessman former military, he's kept in fighting form out of sheer bloody-mindedness despite spending most of his days in meetings. The man's also got a competitive streak wider than the executive conference room table. He earns the respect of Greg's three friends within the first five miles, and thankfully all the good-natured joshing that the group uses in lieu of encouragement is taken in stride. John coolly accepts the remarks about his stature and hair and ears and slings some rather creative insults right back without missing a beat. Anything edging too close to personal, such as inquiries or imaginings about family and lovers, is merely met with a growled "fuck off" and refusal to engage, and that's that.
"Excellent. Then I no longer need to concern myself with John H. Watson either."
This gets a blink and movement from both eyebrows. Her mouth even twitches, like it’s trying to remember how to smile.
Sherlock is a changed man, and John is not the only friend who deserves better from him going forward.
8. Hug me tightly, fiercely, and don't be the first to let go
"That's not--!!" he sputters.
Interesting.
John turns around at the door with a smile and flourish, letting Sherlock have the honor of finally breaking out of the flat, but the detective hesitates. For all that he's eager to escape confinement and recapture territory and finally, finally get back some of what he'd left behind so long ago, he freezes once he has a hand on the doorknob.
"So I had a 'natural emotional reaction' and stopped there instead of moving on to 'step two: deliberate thought'," John confesses. "How calm am I supposed to be before I try to have the conversation over again? I'm in a bit of a time crunch."
“FINE!”
"They're called referral fees, John, and are highly unethical. I'm recommending you to him because he's a good mix of father figure, drill sergeant, and priest, and I think you need all of those things. But feel free to come back to me if you decide that you're the only person who really matters, and all you want is to be kept just barely un-miserable enough to not drink yourself to death. That's
"Figured you deserved more," John replies easily. He's got one arm draped across the back of the sofa, and his body is angled toward Sherlock. He looks inviting. He looks content. Sherlock suddenly wants nothing more than to lean forward, curl into him and climb onto his lap and begin claiming the promised kisses, but there are entirely too many faux workmen still milling about in the background.
54.	Wash my hair
Before  the man could throw anything more than a glare at him, John sidled up,  slipped a hand around his flatmate’s waist, and dropped an apologetic  smooch onto one shoulder.
“Yeah, not good, I know. I don’t care and neither did he. He was…interesting, and what absolutely drove me ‘round the twist was that he acted like
(Are you home? Am I?)
Wonderful, clever, surprising John Watson, taking his role as Sherlock's enrichment team so very seriously. Wanting to provide the caged consulting detective with something to play with, since they can't go out into the world yet to chase down criminals.
for you. Next time find someone who's actually on your payroll to do your
"A pleasure to see you again as well, Sherlock," Mycroft lies, sipping at the tea which Mrs. Hudson no doubt provided him with. Traitorous woman! An innocuous-looking folder lies on the coffee table, likely concealing details of some delicate situation the government wishes to have handled with more than the usual amount of discretion.
(Ah. Decisions made on the downslope of a two-year suicide mission by a malnourished torture victim riddled with infection and PTSD are, apparently, not the the most reliable.)
He is staring at approximately sixteen and a half kilograms of assorted personal lubricants.
“What?”
John is waiting patiently, and Sherlock gathers up both courage and words.
It's painful, though.
Sherlock reluctantly allows himself to become immersed in Bohemian politics. Czechia holds no particular allure for him, but perhaps a little time and distance away from London will help him to gain a bit of perspective, and it's always handy to have Mycroft owe him a favor.
, of course, that he is all these things. Because of course love is not the enemy of his cherished pure, cold reason when it is shared between the two of them, but a wonderful foil and counterpart.
Sherlock has to wiggle a shiver of anticipation and excitement away before answering.
(Where is his SIG?) The handgun fits neatly in John's hand, but it's just one more unexpected detail that makes his breath come shallow and short.
However it is, Sherlock is kept perfectly content with the variety to be found in these sweet, simple kisses. They make him hunger for more, but it's for repetition, not diversity. Besides, he finds that there is an infinite variety to be found even in the first item on his list alone. Duration, pressure, the temperature and texture and taste of John's lips depending on whether he's just licked them or had juice or sipped at his tea. Reclining on the couch together, head tipped back while seated in his chair, being assisted in standing and sitting and lying down.
"I have to thank you for...well, everything else, too. I don't believe it's an exaggeration to say that you saved my life the night I returned, and I've no doubts that you did so over and over again in the weeks following. Your dedication to my well-being is...beyond words."
"Moriarty threatened to burn the heart out of me," Sherlock says, trying to keep his voice steady and failing terribly at it. "But I actually did it to you, and I am so sorry, John. You mustn't blame yourself for not being able to give anyone else your whole heart, not when I'd been the one to break it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Husband? Satisfying...but not true. (He hasn't shared request #49 yet.)
“You’re my best friend, Sherlock. You’re
“I wouldn’t  change a thing about me for anyone. I’m proud of who I am, what I can  do. Even getting clean was for myself, in the end, or I never could have  done it. But you make me…not ashamed. Regret? You make me wish, so  much, that I was more. That
S: ...it was a joke.
104. Naked cuddles in bed, completely covered by a sheet, like we're hiding from the world
," John insists, emphasizing this with clenched fists and piercing eye contact. "Physician, friend, bodyguard, assistant, cook; whatever you need, Sherlock."
103. May I scribble on you? I promise not to use permanent marker.
"I don't enjoy experiments conducted by others," he says firmly.
He attacks the largest box first, and finds it crammed full of small-ish tubes and jars and tubs. Curiosity well and truly piqued now, Sherlock picks up the first item to catch his eye and gives it a cursory examination. He picks up a cello-wrapped three-pack of squeeze bottles next. He sets both back down hastily and grabs a jar, turning it in his hands to check the label. That done, he sets the container gingerly back down and casts a somewhat wary eye over the contents of the box as a whole.
between the two men. If nothing else comes of it, at least John's gotten some actual therapy out of it. The CEO may consider it all humiliating, but Greg likes to think of it as humbling and humanizing instead. A long-term investment into the emotional development of one John H. Watson.
(John wants to...?)
to keep me happy!”
30.	Sit in my chair, put me between your knees, and rub my shoulders
17. Charm Mrs. Hudson into making us her beef stew
11.	Tell me you love me with your face buried in my hair
Sherlock seeks out John’s face to see if there’s approval or awe there; a habit he’s barely even aware of by this point. John is watching him, but there’s a tiny crinkle of a frown instead of open admiration. One bit of Sherlock’s mind peels off to ponder over this expression, half-hidden by the mug raised to John’s lips.
His hands start to itch, as if flakes of dried blood still linger between his fingers. He hasn't said a word, hasn't faltered in his review, but John suddenly interrupts by picking up Sherlock's pen hand and pressing a kiss to each knuckle, slow and solemn. Sherlock stares but John meets his gaze calmly as if he hasn't just displayed a remarkable instance of empathic abilities and open affection - in front of Mycroft, of all people - and sets the detective's hand back down once he's delivered the last kiss.
“And that’s why we’re making no-no-lizers!”
"Only when it comes to things you're naturally good at, or don't give a toss about," she replies, and raises a sardonic eyebrow at him. "And I can tell you do care about that dear silly boy, or I wouldn't be sharing my shortbread biscuits with you. Now, as I said; confidence. No decent person would think any less of you, you know, if you--"
Sherlock pouts a bit and considers his options. Skirting around another large box, wary of discovering a collection of sex toys next, he rustles open a large paper bag.
John now has muddy buddies and drinking mates.
John returns almost immediately, but now his hands are busy with the bits of paper from the desk, tapping them into a neat stack, re-ordering this card and that, and giving Sherlock a rather shamefaced grin.
Sherlock wakes sometime before dawn and crawls out of bed, sleep-warm and soft. He melts onto the floor and slumps against his partner in crime, all mussed-up curls and bare skin impressed with sheet wrinkles, naked in every way and seemingly not yet conscious enough to be bothered by it. John turns his face into the scratchy tangle of bedhead and breathes deep. For one minute, no one is watching the door.
"Yeah, yeah of course." John puts action to word and sweeps them off the table to deposit them in Sherlock's waiting palm.
John’s  stubborn, crossed-arm, scowling squat outside of Sherlock’s bedroom  door lasted only eight minutes. Embarrassment over his part in their  argument and this admittedly childish strategy of his - his best  friend’s bratty behavior being no proper excuse - smoothed his frown out  into merely a somewhat worried expression. Shifting so that he was more  perpendicular to the door, he listened to the ongoing silence with a  prickle of concern.
75.	Sit up in bed sometime, reading a book, and let me use your thighs as a pillow
John blinks and actually glances around, as if Sherlock's old mobile or any one of his burners will be perched sedately atop a pile of books. He catches himself, then looks back at Sherlock, and then inevitably, they fall into helpless giggles.
“Sherlock,  other than my primary care physician, dentist, and optometrist, and  probably for both our sakes my therapist, you are my first choice for  everything. And if you don’t feel like you are my first pick in any area  of my life, I’m just…respecting your choice not to be…that.“ He  resisted the urge to add a not very illustrative hand-wave.
in one way or another, to say nothing of what the drug trade will do. We’ll have solicitors howling for our blood and assassins…oh, probably also after our blood. John, did you know that an assassination has two asses in it?”
John,  to his eternal and undying shame, just sat and stared and let that sink  in until another nearly inaudible ping shocked him out of the previous  shock to his system. Then, in a move that was a horrifically malformed  love-child of pragmatism and affection, clinked the empty water glass in  his own hands into the one Sherlock was holding before giving up on  himself as a lost cause and knocking both cups to the floor. His life was a comedy and  tragedy and action-romance-fantasy all at once. It was grotesque and  wonderful.
“Always glad to amuse you,” she retorted in a clipped voice. “Now, if you don’t need my help anymore, I’m going to…”
Men promising her the earth and dumping her a week later with “It’s not you, it’s me” – oldest excuse in the book.
He stopped to pull the device free from his pocket. The screen glowing at the touch of his fingers sent a thrill of excitement coursing through his veins – how many times has he stared at his phone, reading a text from Sherlock?
A true smile graced John’s lips. He took a step forward. Sherlock found himself mesmerized by the way his fair hair glinted by lamplight.
Him and Detective Inspector Lestrade were going to have a long talk about the precise meaning of personal matters.
“A problem other than knowing way too much information about you and Les… Oh, I can’t even say his name, it’s too awful!!”
What nobody imagined – or at least, if they did, they were carefully keeping it to themselves – was the fact that Anthea and himself were both queer.
“William Sherlock Holmes,” he whispered, “Would you marry me?”
John could only stare first at his lover, then at Greg, who was himself completely sober and who has smirked at him.
Sherlock blinked.
A few feet from her, leaning against a grimy wall, his face revealed thanks to the light of a lonely lamp, Sherlock Holmes was waiting for her.
It's nearly over...
”, your mother used to say.
God, Mycroft was a real bastard!
Oh bugger it all, he thought. Whoever this SH was, he was able to make the anxiety-ridden teenager John has been come back up to the surface. Time to speak like a former soldier.
“You mean… dates?”
To a stranger’s eyes, he would have looked completely impassive, bordering on deep indifference, but Greg wasn’t fooled. He has picked up on Mycroft’s long fingers nervously twitching once or twice before Mycroft collected himself.
He should move on. Looking for another flat, another job.
Joan was on her feet in the blink of an eye, walking to Sherlock, unconsciously reaching out before she could realise it.
The illusion cleared his throat – oh, he was definitely flushed now!
“Oh shit,” John whispered.
. Technically, he belonged to Mrs Hudson.”
New chime.
The dark circles under Greg’s eyes as well as the lines of stress creasing his face were nothing new for the DI, as far as John knew him. But the anxious weariness shining in his dark gaze or his reluctance to talk about what was going on at the Yard, when he usually didn’t shy away from describing his current cases to John, made him pause.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t want you to slip into any disguises.”
“Oh, the usual,” John waves off. “Had him tracked down and looked into, then I invited him to dinner. He
“You’re back, then. Good. You’ve been in and out with fever, and haven’t recognized me the last few times I woke you.”
And then Greg tucks the notebook into a jacket pocket, folds his hands atop the table, and raises an eyebrow at his boss.
Sherlock sobs,  and John stops miming sleep. He’s come awake in little nudges and nods,  incremental steps and stutters as Sherlock pours his heart out into the  blanket. Boneless had turned into deliberate stillness and then a  valiant effort at keeping his breaths even and his body still. But at  this muffled cry of pain, John opens his eyes and arms and latches onto  Sherlock with both hands, startling a new cry out of him.
Ah. He must have needed a moment in which to process, which he why he so rudely interrupted John by practically sticking his fingers into the man's mouth, like pacifying a fussing infant with a dummy. The time gained, however, is wasted. His brain has experienced a processing error and gone offline. Disconnected. Crashed. He's not even sure if he's feeling anything other than overwhelmed. All systems down.
"Your father is dead, John. He no longer has the power to influence you. Stop wearing a hand puppet and punching yourself in the face with it."
Sherlock effectively gags himself for a minute by cramming the rest of the burger into his mouth, and in the lull, John tries not to be disturbed at how easily his privacy has been invaded by the two most dangerous men in the UK. Having neatly demolished the main course, his companion steadily moves through the pile of chips and side order of steamed veg, hurrying them down his gullet with gulps of black tea. The schedule is not as strict as when they meet in public places or arrange timed drops for each other, but Sherlock still has no time to waste.
instead of your own flesh and blood."
“I did no such thing,” Sherlock snapped. “Donovan asked me where ‘the boyfriend’ was. You are, among other things, a boyfriend, as you are - most unfortunately - in a romantic relationship with a self-styled ‘cat walker and fit-finder extraordinaire’. I never claimed that you were
Sherlock Holmes is demonized, disgraced, and dead.
43.	Push my fringe out of my eyes
"Call first next time," John retorts, keeping the gun in his hand for just long enough to make it plain that when he finally does tuck it into the back of his jeans, he's not doing it because Mycroft says to. Sherlock doesn't bother hiding his grin.
A warm hand smooths back his fringe, and he shivers and tries to curl his entire being into that small curve of comfort. There’s a murmur but he can’t make out the words; they’re far away and muddled, just like his thoughts.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
“Forget it! Look, what are the possible negative effects of drinking all of the neutralizers at once?”
There’s a chuckle and then the bed dips as John sits on the edge.
41.	Leave your palms on my knees and just lightly rub your thumbs back and forth
Sherlock shrugs uncomfortably, the giggle that was effervescing in his throat disappearing like the bubbles in a cheap sparkling wine.
"You said 'well done'," Sherlock points out, cutting off his brother's likely high-handed rebuke before it can get well under way. "If I did indeed do my job well, then surely it's safe to allow us this. If it creates an additional layer of risk in the future, well...we can simply factor that in. Budget for it, so to speak."
In one smooth move, Sherlock pushed John's jacket over the far side of the bed, - out of sight, out of mind; John was a bit like a budgerigar in that way - sat up, placed his hands primly in his lap, and inquired as to the success of the mission.
"That is
…watch him turn his back on Sherlock…
it, and that will make all the difference. John will
4. Kiss the top of my head while holding my face in your hands
(And Sherlock isn't exactly overflowing with fond nostalgia for not-his-boyfriend, I'm-not-gay, we're-not-together John Three Continents but Only One Gender Watson, but...)
He still wants to know, but now he's not afraid to ask.
The heavy-handed flirting has also stopped, and John seems to be approaching Sherlock now with a dogged determination to at least claim the title of friend and partner, if he cannot become his lover.
It sounded petty and pouty and like a resurgence of  their earlier argument, but John could see it for what it was now;  insecurities, not dulled by politeness but sharp and fresh, and jabbed  in John’s direction because Sherlock didn’t know how to handle his own  emotions.
No, he does not have a girlfriend or fiance. He cannot possibly.
“I’m not,” John replied.
"No, certainly not." Sherlock curls himself around his cup and gives an exaggerated shudder at the havoc a rich, oily meal would wreak upon his gastrointestinal tract just now, and earns a snort from his friend. (Friend! John John
17.	Charm Mrs. Hudson into making us her beef stew
“That’d kill it for me, for sure,” John agreed, and then  found himself being interrogated as to his top three requirements to be  able to enjoy his favorite intimacies.
He hadn’t been able to bear Sherlock’s death, and Sherlock couldn’t face John’s marriage, and perhaps there
. That I want you; as much of you as you're willing to give me. And if it's friendship and a flatshare and no more I'll still be perfectly happy to have that, and only that. But if you want more too, then...well, I'm telling you that my answer will be a very enthusiastic yes."
“If  I’d worked on becoming someone who’d make you a tolerable roommate, a  better friend, a potential love interest, we probably wouldn’t have even  ever met. Why would I have been at Bart’s trying to match riding crop  strikes on a corpse? Would I have even been interesting enough to lure  you to Baker Street? I certainly wouldn’t have been able to cure you of  that ridiculous limp, or even understand that it was psychosomatic. We  wouldn’t have
“I didn’t know, John,
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
"No, don't pout," John chides, giving his arms a squeeze and then - regrettably - pulling away. "I don't know, honestly. I might still be riding the high of realizing you're alive, and come home again, especially now with you out of bed and all. But don't worry; I'm sure that as soon as you start leaving entrails all about the flat again I'll be right back to shouting at you for it."
(You did love her. Just not like you love me.)
John is not his only friend, period.
The one that gets the most mileage is that Greg is John's sugar baby.
“Yes John?” Sherlock asks sweetly, giving John a picture perfect Disney princess smile. It sends chills of horror up and down the doctor’s spine.
"John?" His voice comes out high and reedy, and he clears his throat before trying again. "Why are you worried about the possibility of pregnancy?"
"Sherlock, if anyone should be saying thank you, it's me, not you," John protests. He sets his plate down and takes the other as well, and reaches over as if to clasp Sherlock's hands before halting suddenly.
The brolly enters the room first, followed by gleaming brogues and impeccable suit and toffeed nose.
John is on one knee, having just pulled a matching weapon from under the sofa.
An inquiring hum and a quirk of his eyebrows does just as well as a proper query, thankfully, and John hesitates before answering, carefully casual.
“I know. As I said; I can tell.” He bit his lip, let it go. “Tell me again.”
1. He is lonely.
to you; I didn’t
115. We should revisit request 86 in bed as well. I was imagining it on the sofa, originally, just a few pieces of clothing undone or pushed aside. Somehow it seems a different request entirely to ask you to be naked in our bed for it.
107. Oh. Blindfold? Your back against the headboard, and me in your lap. Your hands on my waist, or my thighs...just always on me somewhere.
62.	Tell me I'm brilliant
They're not there yet. Sherlock's not home yet. (Soon? Some day? Never?)
Wondering turns into gazing wonderingly. John looks away from his book or laptop or show a few times, giving Sherlock brief episodes of tachycardia with self-conscious but overwhelmingly fond smiles. Once he offers to skive off if his presence is impeding Sherlock's note-writing, but at the violent head-shake he receives, John's smile widens and he goes back to pecking away at his keyboard. Sherlock watches, and wonders, and lets the tightness in his chest grow until he feels like he has to let it out or burst, and then writes it down.
“Sherlock, can you open the door, please?”
"Your
"I'm shut up in the loo attached to your room and she's pointing out that I can't even be sure you'll survive - God, that made me so angry - or that you'll want anything more than friendship even if you do. She wanted me to wait to make decisions, at the very least. Called it ridiculous to do otherwise. I mean, I suppose she had a point, but I couldn't think about you rationally. I just knew that whatever happened, you were it for me. I'd got you back, and there wasn't going to be room for anyone else. Not enough, at any rate, for anything serious. Basically just like it was before, except now I was being honest about it."
"Does what?" he queries.
He closes his eyes this time, eager to collect and compare and consider. Focuses entirely on touch, blocks out sight and sound and scent so that he can concentrate. Hums contentedly when John brings his other hand up to cradle his jaw and sweeps his thumb along the side of his face.
Dr. Hughes keeps coming up with pithy remarks for his patient to chew over.
He is hollowed out, made whole, and held safe.
"Right. Picking up takeaway, not sitting down in a crowded restaurant," John murmurs absently.
My brain is chockablock with Colin, Tom, and Dan all flirting outrageously with Sherlock while Greg laughs and John growls and gets all possessively handsy. I have zero regrets.
Have been all day, in fact. Was Sherlock getting out of bed the catalyst? The physician not able to act as something more until his duties were over? Or was it the note; confessions and declarations serving as a key to unlock potential and possibilities? If being able to share his thoughts had been the goal itself, there wouldn't still be this sense of wanting, or waiting...this sense of
“Rest now, Sherlock.”
It’s…well, perhaps a bit overkill. Sherlock seems to  think he’s come roaring out of a nightmare and has gone pliant,  murmuring facts in an unsteady voice.
“None, really,” he posits after a moment.
John counted to three and then disengaged, stepping back twice before looking up to assess the damage.
“Hornets, John, really. Just look at the thorax.”
Sweet silver-plated savior on a Salviati swizzle stick.
, I saved him, that's all that matters, that's all, nothing else matters--"
"Well, we don't have to wait for the 25th, rather not in fact, but it's as good an excuse as any to gather people together," John notes, but this additional detail does nothing to soften the aggrieved air Mycroft is putting on. "It's the perfect time for mending bridges and all that. I'll pass around enough wine to make them a little more forgiving, or at least dull their reflexes enough that I'll be able to catch any fists thrown our way."
The next delivery of supplies is brought up by Mycroft's minions as usual, but not just to the landing. Sherlock perks up from his slouch on the sofa, eagerly latching on to the new data sources as they set boxes and bags down in the living room or kitchen, depending on whether they're carrying groceries or non-kitchen related supplies. The first item to be delivered is a bright pink gift bag, handed off to John and then carried over to the sofa with a grin.
= = = = =  = = = = =  = = = = =
He nods once.
And wearing John's most recently discarded sleep shirt.
Perhaps he's being childish. Perhaps he's simply - and rightfully so - exhausted and still recovering. Sherlock lifts a gaze he hadn't realized he'd dropped to check his answers against Mycroft's expression, and relaxes at what he finds there.
= = = = =
Sherlock  successfully translated this muffled request and went to the kitchen to  order every possible combination of meat and noodle that Pearl Garden  offered and to begin heating up a liter of ice water in the sacred  chemical-free tea-only I-mean-it-Sherlock kettle. Those tasks  accomplished, he padded back to the living room, hustled the telly out  from its corner, and began channel surfing.
A sharp, chemical smell suddenly wafted over his face, assailing his nose before triggering his memory. He has sniffed it before and under atrocious circumstances, if he believed the fear running through his veins. Heart racing, he bent his head forward. Panic engulfed him as soon as he recognized the irritating, eye-watering smell of chlorine permeating the string.
“Liz? Is she…?”
Something so very rare, so very well-guarded that it has taken him months of living together to finally glimpse it.
Pity it came from a man, John thought.
Besides, it would be a pity to waste such an opportunity.
(See the end of the chapter for
His prayer was answered after a few seconds.
“I’m sorry to have brought this up, it’s just that sometimes, whenever a cab stops near a crime scene, I expect to see him making a dash towards us, hurling abuse at Anderson and loudly saying we’re all idiots…”
“Joan?”
“I’m afraid it’s written in French…”
“This man… The one you were talking about before…”
’s representative, ready to explain what has happened.
“What? No!”
“What?” Sherlock breathlessly answered, when he couldn’t endure John’s silence anymore. “You need to what?”
“Do you want me to come with you or… ?”
Irene shot him a fake smile – “Excuse me, I need some help from my colleague” – before grasping Sherlock’s wrist and pulling him close.
“You don’t even know who…”
Which only left him with the fact that his nutter was indeed a true person.
He nipped this protest in the bud, tracing with his tongue the seam of Sherlock’s plushy, made-for-kissing-him lips before opening his mouth and licking his way into Sherlock’s mouth. Had he been not so engrossed in his companion, John would have been a bit ashamed by the way he was pressing himself against Sherlock, his hands instinctively seeking bare skin, slipping under the untucked shirt.
True, he often appeared cold and prickly as a porcupine, indifferent to the sometimes desperate pleas of his clients. In the first days of living together with Sherlock, John hasn’t understood how the very man who has turned his life of early retired serviceman upside down, shaking him out of his apathy in a single night and inspiring him with the desire to enjoy life again to his full extent could behave in such a way to the people requesting his help.
“Sherlock!” he called in vain. The man didn’t even hesitate, going on his way upstairs, certainly intending to disappear once he was in the street.
You remained aloof from all your peers, cloaking yourself in the superiority you were feeling over anyone crossing your path. They didn’t know, you thought on the very few occasions you were burdened by loneliness, observing the others from afar, they didn’t know how fast they would stop laughing and smiling at their loved ones if they only knew what the other was really thinking.
Then he stood up again, flashing her a rakish smile.
“To get the same result as you, you mean? How could you say that! Can you just imagine how awkward your next meeting with Mycroft is bound to be?”
He deliberately does not tell anyone that the new man on the team is a Fortune Global 500 member, because the whole point of this exercise is to see if John Watson can become a real boy if treated like one.
This new thought knocks him down another mental path, and he blinks and wonders wide-eyed what it will be like to be comfortable with John in a romantic partnership and not just a flatshare and friendship. The prospect of all the firsts they have yet to experience is a separate topic entirely. What he's suddenly struck with is the question of whether John is the sort of partner who will nonchalantly burst in to use the loo even if Sherlock is showering.
"So that's why. That's the only reason," John murmurs, and gives Sherlock's head a tiny shake as if to ensure the sound vibrations are properly traveling along his ear canals and drums and mallei and so forth. Wanting to make sure that what he's saying is getting through. "And, well, with my luck this has bugger-all to do with your request but I couldn't take the chance. I've wanted to tell you for so long anyway, so there it is."
Sherlock wants to latch on to that one precious word and tug and dig until he's been reassured that John is indeed going to be his flatmate again, but there is a more vital point that he must address first. With one hand pressing upon the stack of John's notecards, as if to a talisman that grants courage, Sherlock reaches with his other hand and mirrors the wrist-clasp he'd been given a few minutes before.
(John loves
"Nothing. Well, something."
- Martha Hudson, 221B Baker Street
“Don’t I just,” John grins.
And so he slips into the country quietly, unofficially, only contacting Mycroft to demand 24 hours and John's location. His brother texts back with a time, the name of a restaurant, and a warning.
There are yards of gauze hiding the multitude of sloppy stitches put in by a doctor who most certainly had no right to the title, and an off-the-rack suit covers up the bruises and abrasions left exposed. One might argue that after two years, two more days to get his wounds properly attended to surely wouldn't make much of a difference, but Sherlock cannot abide any further delay.
Trim legs uncross themselves, then re-cross the other way, and his pyschologist actually speaks.
"That...would be..." he floundered.
The reward for staying obediently put upon the sofa is the sight of John carefully stepping out of the kitchen with a loaded tray, pausing to snort as he catches sight of Sherlock eagerly rising out of his slouch. It
"Thank you."
"Refresher course," he muttered, while looking up instructions on how to properly knot a bow tie.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Sherlock gets a little tangled up attempting to puzzle out this facial expression, but then notices the good doctor shaking his finger at him. Ah, he’s being chastised. Sherlock is sad about this, and hangs his head.
“Liar,” he replied, planting a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead.
“I’m touched, darling, truly. To obtain this title, which has until now been reserved for Mycroft… You’re spoiling me.” Her voice suddenly lost her teasing tone. “Stop whining like a baby, your case of blue balls isn’t worth it. The quicker you help me, the quicker you can finally get your leg over.”
“We’re both madmen.”
Reaching the threshold of the flat, in which he could hear the sound of running water and some choice words as well – it seemed that it wasn’t so easy to get rid of the blood – John frowned, thinking of this metaphor.
John, john, john, the only clear flame in a barren, desolate landscape, John, the only source of water for your parched heart, John, the only name which could bring you hope and strength enough to survive one more day.
“They could have asked
Obviously, he has been wrong.
The rest of the sentence got lost as Sherlock, without so much as a goodbye, started to walk off in the other direction.
She sneaked a look at Sherlock, hoping to see her wink, to read on her face some sign that this wasn’t real. That it was some setup for a case she wasn’t aware of yet.
“Tell me I’m wrong, then,” he whispered, a hint of challenge in his voice.
Now, you’re lying in bed, watching the man you love softly snoring. He’s nestled against you and you’re filled with so much love for him you want to kiss him again and again.
He pointed out a table in the row behind him and John saw Mike perking up when he caught sight of the blond chick he has spotted earlier at the bar.
“Oh for the love of…”
Irene has never been one to look a gift horse in the mouth. She took a step forward, closing the gap between her and Molly. She leaned in, breathing in the other woman’s perfume. A light, floral scent when you first smelled it, which revealed itself to be rather heady and alluring afterwards.
“You want another one?”
“That’s completely true and you know it. How I miss your voice, your presence when you’re unable to come with me on a crime scene. (He lowered his voice.) How sometimes watching your hands when you’re cooking or typing on your computer makes me so hard I’m forced to shut myself in my room…”
in the way the man was looking for.
The first impulse was to block the number as he already threatened to do so, but before he could put it into practice, another idea came to him.
“I love you too, John Watson.”
And then I looked up and you were here.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry…”
“You what?” John exclaimed. “But why? Were you really so curious about…?”
thing.”
Their cover has just been smashed to smithereens. It was time to change the plan and to add some unexpected elements to it.
“You know who he is, right?”
Something completely mad, something which he believed only happened in those chick movies. You know it’s expected, This obligatory moment where the heroine looks at the man of her dreams in the eye, both of them remaining lost in the gaze of each other, and you just know they’re going to end up all lovey-dovey.
At this moment, John wanted nothing more than drawing Sherlock into his arms, hugging him until there was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind that John was as involved as him in this newfound intimacy quickly evolving between them.
“Replicas of Leonard’s creations!” Sherlock breathlessly answered, his whole face glowing with joy. “Oh my, it’s even better than in the book!” he whispered before running at top speed to the nearest machine. At that moment, he looked every inch like the child he must have been, the gangling boy, curious of everything the world has yet to offer him. Despite what has just happened and the crushing disappointment he was feeling right now, John couldn’t help but smile, especially when he heard Sherlock crying out “Oh, that’s terrific! And it works!”
He knew of course – and Mycroft must know them as well – the many names, often derisive, which have been attached to the man seated in front of him.
she wanted to talk.
“But I’m
All this talk of a shadowy world he has half-forgotten after Sherlock passed away reminded John of the electric tension which has permeated the last days before the final confrontation with Moriarty. This peculiar feeling that Sherlock was as unattainable as ever and so vulnerable at the same time. Or the way he was always staring at John, opening his mouth as if he was on the verge of saying something important…
It shouldn’t have been the case and especially not in the sleepy little town of Amboise. Mycroft couldn’t deny he has been surprised to hear from Sylvia and has found himself intrigued by the predicament she was in, but in no way, has he considered the situation as truly dangerous. Otherwise he would never have sent Sherlock off to France. His mind was already busy examining which resources he might call upon tonight when he heard Sherlock barking a mirthless laugh.
“… if you don’t mind, love?”
John tried to ignore the fondness in Greg’s voice when he pronounced this name. Good Lord, was he so obvious when he was talking about Sherlock?
But you… I remember. I remember every word, every line “Afghanistan or Iraq?”, every deduction you made afterwards about Harry.
Truth was, he wanted to be here. He wanted to watch Gregory waking up, to read on his face whether he still remembered what happened between them last night.
They didn’t see the dark side of the moon, the invisible part of the iceberg; They didn’t notice what was carefully hidden in Sherlock’s eyes every time he looked at John.
Men were such drama queens, she thought, it was a wonder they get anything done.
He forgot the very notion of caution when he turned his head in Sherlock’s direction, pulling him closer by his shirt. John tilted his head, tracing a soft kiss across Sherlock’s mouth and enjoying the opportunity to leave him speechless.
The bloody letter he wrote – thanks a lot, Ella, for that one!
“Of course not! How could I forget that you don’t care for any of these base needs! You don’t even feel them, don’t you?”
“Which one?” he asked, his tone already rough with desire.
“He hasn’t replied, then?” Harry asked, still gazing at him as if she has never seen him before.
For her to be suddenly confined to her flat, her injured ankle as well as a part of her calf immobilized in a splint… it was easy to imagine her frustration – without speaking of the physical pain.
“Lovely. Coming from you, it’s basically a love confession.”
“Splendid! (She immediately started counting on her fingers, wriggling about in her chair.) Oh, I shall give you a word for Hussein, he’s in charge of the volunteer team, a charming man, he’ll explain everything to you… And you will need the tap key of course!”
“John! What’s up, mate?”
“Wait a minute,” Sherlock cut her in. “Has your father worked here?”
He glanced once more at his reflection.
“John? John!”
And without giving the opportunity for John to ask for more, he hung up with a “Goodnight, John.”
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupted her. “You were.”
“Better alone than being with someone who doesn’t care”.
And before John could react, another text appeared on the screen.
John observed during a few seconds a fond smile creasing Mycroft’s lips before it was stamped out again.
And Sherlock couldn’t get enough.
Greg giggled, trying to come closer to this fascinating man without being unsubtle about it and failing quite spectacularly.
Harry’s smile disappeared immediately. Before John could mourn his absence however, she bit back
“No” is a word she knows very well, thanks to Papa, who says it quite often – at least when she is concerned.
“I should have acted directly. I texted you instead and you got hurt.”
It drew another laugh of SH and wasn’t it a lovely sound?
Icy cold air greeted them both as they came out of the
As if he was unable to revisit again this sore spot.
“Sherlock!”
“Joan Watson.”
Sherlock abruptly fell silent, finally closing his eyes when John reached out for him, his shaking hands lightly stroking, touching the pale skin. The anger which has sustained him, the relief he has felt when he has deduced the phone number, every feeling which has racked his soul since he saw Sherlock falling disappeared, leaving only the brilliant, pure confirmation that Sherlock was alive.
Feeling a hand so close to his hard, weeping cock, John couldn’t help whimpering.
And then, him, a perfect stranger without any experience on the field, came and dazzled everyone with his never-ending flow of deductions, bringing mercilessly to light NSY finest’s flaws. And he did so without having to attend any training in criminology, behavioural science or whatever was required to be hired by NSY.
“Sherlock!”
Bastard.
It was time to open a new door and to see what was behind.
to stay awake.
machinations!”
Mycroft’s heart would stop racing in his chest whenever he glimpsed this dark gaze or heard this slightly rough voice.
He was being threatened.
[Forward the messages. SH]
And John would never admit it how proud he was of that fact and how jealous he was as regards that privilege.
“He said he has made it but, when we came to the hotel earlier, they’ve lost the booking and they haven’t got a free room and…Oh.” John abruptly cut himself off, sighing resignedly. “I’m an idiot.”
“You’re really rude, you know.”
Until Sherlock jumped.
Let them laugh off their stupid little heads.
What was even worse was the fact that instead of throwing a fit – with all the dignity he would usually have used, of course – and punishing bloody Gregory’s cheekiness, he has covered him up, taking care that the detective did not catch a cold, before sitting on this sofa and watching over Gregory as a dragon would have done with his treasure.
“Hello there! You must be John!” a tall, slim, dark-skinned man put his phone back in his pocket and greeted with a warm smile. John felt himself smiling back.
And if he judged correctly from John's expression each time he was looking at him...
“I want you in my office late one day, when there’s no one around but you and me and that we finally have a bit of time for us. Tell me, Mycroft, do you think you’d enjoy me getting on my knees before I…”
“You mean you… cultivated them?”
“Unless you’re trying to send me away from London…”
“Hello Molly.”
“Sorry I… You took me by surprise.”
Finally caving in and throwing an old bone to the mangy cur after it has whined and begged long enough at your door…
“Did he try to…?”
He has barely reached the fresh food aisle, feigning to be interested in the special offer on lettuce – “Buy two, get the third free!” – when he felt something cold and hard being shoved into his hand. He instinctively started to turn round to face whoever was standing behind him when a rough voice said “Don’t! He’s waiting for you over there.”
But this 221b, as somber as a mausoleum, had no answer for him.
John chuckled humourlessly.
Because my tiny, ordinary brain refuses to accept your death.
Greg felt his smile widen.
He stared at his pint of mead – Ross’ brand new product, as advertised on the chalk board. “A fresh intriguing taste to celebrate the spring!”, the bartender has added. John wasn’t really in the mood to drink to the weather warming up again, but he hasn’t protested when Ross has offered.
“Yeah?”
“What’s the matter?” he whispered. “Did you find him?”
The answer came immediately – two words which made John’s stomach thrill despite himself.
Of course, counting upon Sherlock to deal with the post-investigation formalities was like releasing a bull in a china shop. It didn’t stop Irene from trying to make him feel guilty of having left her on her own.
A loud clink made him look up – Ross was putting the full glasses on a tray, shooting him a puzzled look in the process. John felt his cheeks burning with embarrassment.
“We’ll find him like we always do, okay? We have never failed before. And we don’t intend to do so, now, don’t we?” The look in her eyes reflected her absolute determination.
Just the thought of his beloved instrument – one that he wouldn’t use anymore – made his heart sink deeper. He suddenly felt old. And completely useless. A feeling which was plaguing him with an alarming frequency these days.
“Catch him! He’s our man!”
And when he finally finished with John’s older brother – estranged from his wife, a fact that John didn’t approve – Sherlock was feeling torn between the familiar elation, the clear joy of being right and the upcoming disappointment of seeing John turning away from him.
He glanced at John. They haven’t talked much since the arrest of the suspect. Partly since Lestrade has insisted that they fulfilled some necessary – and very tedious – formalities before they could finally get out of the police’s clutches; Partly because Sherlock for once found himself at a loss for words.
Whoever this SH was, he or she didn’t sound like someone John would be keen to communicate with. He sighed. Typical of his rotten luck to receive a message from an unknown party, only to discover that it was some nutter writing about a corpse. Of course, it couldn’t be a nice, thirtyish woman – or man – looking for a stable, healthy relationship…
, a dark, smooth voice has said in his mind,
All these little signs revealing their past, their lies, their bad habits, their dirty little secrets. And Sherlock couldn’t remain silent when they were lying under his gaze, all but screaming at him “Look at me! Look!”
She has never been so excited in her whole life.
Robbed of the ability to speak, John gasped with pleasure, arching up into his lover’s touch.
Time to admit the truth.
He instinctively reached out, putting his hand on Mycroft’s, who startled a bit before relaxing and turning his hand palm upwards, eliciting a shiver from Greg.
God. Was he really fantasizing over a Disney comedy?
“For God’s sake, John, you really want to take a picture of Rosie in this… frilly monstrosity?”
“Ladies and gentlemen, we hope you’re enjoying our Dating Game! We know that you’re living very emotional moments, so we would like to offer you now a fifteen-minute break. Don’t hesitate to mingle with our other guests and to get a drink at our bar…”
Touch his warm skin, touch his wrist and feel his heartbeat under his fingers, touch his face, his fingertips brushing against the outline of his scalp, his cheeks, his nose.
Sherlock’s voice has lost the authority it has demonstrated during their love making. It sounded frail and a bit shy. Instinctively John held him closer.
“I’m really not sure…” he finally answered.
Saying everything I need to hear, really.
Sherlock.
It was way too late to try to look away.
He swallowed hard.
He’ll come to regret his indiscretion, he promised himself, before striding to his dressing room. He briskly opened his wardrobe, choosing with no hesitation whatsoever the poshest suit he owned. He wasted no time getting dressed before putting on impeccably polished shoes and calling for his driver.
“You were right, you know,” she said before giving a stunned Irene a quick kiss on the mouth. “You can be rather sweet when you want to be.”
“I don’t want to disturb you…” he heard himself babbling in a voice which made him cringe internally. For God’s sake, can he behave even more like a fool?
“I know, sweetheart”.
Satisfied with this decision, he was about to go to the bathroom to perform his usual ablutions before bed when the “Troublemaker” ringtone echoed again.
“It’s the last time,” he softly replied and felt his cheeks burning even further. He didn’t dare looking at Ross and to his horror, his vision turned blurry. He heard Ross sighing before a hand fell on his shoulder, making him jump.
She turned her heard in his direction and Sherlock groaned when he recognized the impish look in her green gaze.
John took a deep breath, his gaze locked with Sherlock's.
“I used to offer them to my Rosie for each Valentine’s Day. She couldn’t stand red roses and all that “romantic rot”, as she used to say, but she was fond of these flowers.”
“Getting an online harasser arrested, more precisely. Irene and I believe he’s on the brink of assaulting someone – physically this time.”
He only obtained a soft laugh as answer.
He could still hear Mycroft’s voice in his ear,
And that was the crux of the problem, wasn’t it.
And then Sherlock smiled. It was quite shy, but nonetheless radiant. A smile which seems to promise everything John thought he would never find again when he has come back in London – loyalty, friendship and a strong hint of this intimacy he could read in the darkened eyes of his companion.
I know, I know, I leave you with this cliffhanger... but in my defence, these last weeks have been very busy (with good and not so good things) so I take whatever time is left for writing :)
He hasn’t pulled punches.
A man covered from head to foot in blood.
She glanced at John, who has drawn back a little and was currently frowning at her.
“No… I’m here to help participants like you, that’s all.”
“Let’s get to Baker Street and I’ll let you find out, then.”
Hussein called out his name, taking a step toward him. “You’re all right?”
He could get used to this very quickly, he realised.
“Yes. They deduced it will open with… Oh, I don’t know any more how it’s called, it’s a well-known sequence of numbers by mathematicians and…”
Two brilliant minds, dazzling students and teachers alike with their wit and cleverness – when the university halls weren’t buzzing with the latest scandals and rumours about them.
He raised his head, looking directly at John.
“Good choice, John” Sherlock chuckled before removing John’s jeans and pants until they were around his ankles.
How could John Watson nearly make him forget he had a case to solve?
“I will look at you. I mean, look at you as much as I want and you won’t be able to refuse me, will you?”
“Can a dead man take you in his arms, then?”
“Goodness,” Mycroft groaned. “Tell me it’s the last one.”
“As I was saying,” he replied, uttering every syllable as if it was a bullet intended for the man seated in front of him, “rest assured that my brother and his… friend are suitably occupied for the moment. And that’s all you have to know in that regard.”
He forced himself to consider them in a different light, trying to forget everything he has previously assumed to be true in that regard.
Sherlock was left alone.
He shook his head. The last thing he needed at this moment was his sister’s words.
Footsteps echoed behind them.
“Oh.”
It was a rhetorical question – John didn’t see what else Sherlock could have got worried about – but something in him
“I take it you won’t see him anymore, then?”
I promise I'll try to finish this story very soon :)
He could do it, no problem – nothing he hasn’t experienced before, after all.
You weren’t very successful.
“Did you forget I’m an army Captain? Or that I had a gun? Did you think that, if I had been involved in that case, it would have been the first time I might have to defend myself?”
“Don’t you ‘nothing’ me! And why did you pull this mourning face right now?”
And now…
Do you remember the day we met?
For sole answer, Joan kissed her long and deep.
At this moment, Irene deeply regretted not being able to film this. It was worth some months of relentless teasing at least.
Sherlock clenched so hard the phone in his hand his knuckles turned white.
He went back in the phone menu, hitting the call history icon. A shiver ran down his spine when he noticed John has called twice the DI tonight. Jealousy reared its ugly head but Sherlock relentlessly put it down. Surely, he would have noticed if there was something going on between these two.
“I’ll walk you back to the gate,” Hussein said.
But back to my letter. Sherlock deserved all the words I was unable to let out when he was still here, with me.
“Oh, I’m sure that, for a lady like you, it’ll be child’s play!”
Sherlock who was regaling him with his investigation stories, declaring himself “the only consulting detective – I invented the job, really”, who was talking a mile a minute when deducing John’s life – “A sister! There’s always something…” – and who looked taken aback when the only answer he got was a soft “Amazing” – “You really think so?”
“Where are you, brother of mine?”
She was already turning on her heels, eager to get out of this hellhole, when she heard “One last favour, Miss Hooper.”
Now was not the time.
But they were still beautiful with a sweet perfume.
Clear eyes focused on your research, long fingers adjusting the microscope before you stretched out your hand, already asking for something I was only too willing to give you.
Sherlock gritted his teeth. He wasn’t very surprised to realize he was feeling a very strong empathy with this woman. While he couldn’t be usually bothered to show some sympathy for the victims he was listening on – tears and kind words have never helped solving the cases, after all – there always have been exceptions.
The Work was waiting for him and he couldn’t really waste any more time here, in this dreary little room. Pining has never achieved anything after all.
Surprise rendered him motionless during a few seconds before John found the strength to turn round.
Back in 221b, he cursed himself for a fool.
Hope you enjoy it!
That he coped with Sherlock’s many eccentricities and sometimes truly disgusting habits for the simple reason he couldn’t imagine himself living a dull, boring everyday life. That he needed the flush of excitement and danger coursing through his veins as he needed air.
John has closed the discussion with a “Shut up Greg!” sharper than he intended and Lestrade has let it drop, never raising the issue again, but from that moment on, his words have been engraved on John’s memory.
And most of the time, you were fine with it.
“But…” he stammered out “how is it even possible!? I mean, all paintings or drawings of Leonardo are now surely in museums or private collections!”
“Are you all right?”
John wasn’t ready to meet the gaze of Mister Curls. He truly didn’t want to.
She wouldn’t be able to accept this, she knew.
The blunt words made his head spin.
He has chatted her up shamelessly and when the bar has finally closed, she has taken him home.
interesting…”
Six months today. He could barely believe it.
John gave a snort of laughter.
“You know, it could have been worse.”
“You may have heard of him,” Mrs Dubusson went on. “A while ago…”
He startled, blushing when he realised he has once again lost the thread. It happened more and more often these days, putting a strain on his already scarce social interactions. John knew he should pay more attention to these blank periods, when everything and everyone seemed to dissolve before his very eyes, leaving only memories which were as cherished as they were hurtful to him. However, as for a lot of things in his life, he really couldn’t muster enough energy to care about it.
What a fool he has been.
He let out a great guffaw, which was readily followed by others. Several passers-by turned round to stare at him, but for once John didn’t really care. His amusement was intensified when he caught Sherlock repressing a smile, concealing his face in the collar of his coat.
“I’m sorry,” John whispered in a broken voice which hurt Sherlock’s ears. “I thought that I could do this but…”
John incredulously stared at his screen before answering straight away.
“What would you like?” he asked John, considering the menu.
Sherlock looked down at him, his distressing thoughts coming to a crashing halt. John raised a placating hand.
He was safe here.
It was everything he had, really.
Even Lestrade has thought so, until John has spilt the beans about his feelings concerning Sherlock during one of their pub nights, leaving the DI completely gobsmacked.
And there was no turning back.
All these questions ran through his mind while his body was taking a healthy interest in the proximity of a fit,
“We’ll be back in a second,” Mrs Dubusson said before slipping outside, followed by John.
