The phone started up again, Sherlock sighed, his own fault for putting the wretched thing on charge when he had got in yesterday evening. Reluctantly Sherlock opened his eyes, blinked, and surveyed his surroundings. The recently refurbished Baker Street sitting room, complete with the furniture with rounded edges designed to accommodate a small child who seldom visited still took him by surprise every time. He supposed eventually he would get used to it. He might even start to clutter the place up again, not point preserving its pristine state for an event that would never happen.
“No not that one.” Sherlock said quickly, a note of alarm in his voice. “We’ll never be rid of him.  Give him the cooking whisky,” he added, reaching for the Bells.
“I see a future in the skies. Aim low, sell yourself cheap, look for a company where they need you more than you need them, it will pay off in the end.”
“You do not mean to seriously suggest that Dr Watson rode off on a bicycle in the dead of the night, carrying a struggling boy on the crossbars?”
“The electricity is off,” Sherlock’s voice emerged out of the gloom. “So is the Wi-Fi and I can’t charge my phone.”
“Yes, but I have recently become acutely aware how painful it is to hear words like love from someone you care about who doesn’t mean it.”
Prone on the replacement couch, Sherlock had spent the last sixteen hours deep in his Mind Palace. He had spent most of that time raking over the old coals of the last six months and failing to reach any satisfactory conclusions about any number of problems that vexed him presently. The rest of the time he had slept.
The blinds were down, the shutters closed, and the door locked. Crowley was relieved to see Aziraphale had reverted to his old line of business, as a purveyor of rare and second hand books, however this was no consolation if he couldn’t get the angel to answer the door, he was tempted to change into his original shape and slither through the letterbox but he guessed that might alarm the passers-by. Instead, he tried knocking harder and let off a few sparks and a plume of smoke.
“Anything to do with Edna Flugrath, death, obituary, will, probate.  Miss Sutherland said her father died five years ago at which point her Aunt was still alive so try 2002 onwards. You can search probate by name and year and view a copy online. We should commend Miss Sutherland on the unusual surname of her Aunt, it makes things considerably easier for us.”
Once again, Sherlock acknowledged they had come to an impasse, the end of the road. His relationship with the Watsons would be reduced to the occasional weekend until it finally petered out altogether. Just like before.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be silent, although John could tell by the pinched look around his eyes that he was still struggling to comprehend the sentiment behind Patrick’s actions.
He could do with something to work out his ideas on, Sherlock decided. He briefly contemplated the wall, it used to make an excellent notice board, but he wasn’t quite brave enough to risk damaging its new plaster and pristine wallpaper. He’d never hear the last of it of John ever found out.
Downstairs, Mrs Hudson and Stefan were getting along famously, helped by a liberal measure of eggnog. As Molly rescued the bewildered Pole, Mrs Hudson waved them off at the front door insisting, “You must both come to my eve of Christmas Eve party, I’ll make Poppy Seed Cake for you Stefan, so you’ll feel at home.”
He completes his daily round up of the world’s worst, darting between Iraq, Ukraine, Somalia, Syria and Yemen, Zimbabwe, the Central African Republic effortlessly operating in eight languages and six time zones at once until he lands on Serbia. Ahh! Serbia… plenty of unfinished business there.
John was not entirely sure which of Mrs Turner’s grandchildren were Poppy and Skye, or if Poppy was actually her poodle, or possibly that was Skye…
John looked askance at this and decided it might be a good idea to check the time, and his phone; the café was filling up with surfers, so it must be later than he thought. He found three messages from Bill, and one from Chris, talking about food, beer and pool in that order. He felt Sherlock studying him intently as he read his messages.
Greg took a last look round his flat, switching off unnecessary power sockets and emptying the bins before grabbing his case and heading back to Yard for the briefing, and to meet the rest of the team.
“That’s only the half of it. I’m back to the old problem about what I can afford on my army pension and what I can earn at the clinic, and whether that’s a place you want to bring up a child in. That knocks out most of London.”
Penultimate Episode - I debated between the British Medical Association House and the Royal College of Physicians for the venue wedding but the RCP physick garden tipped the balance
The weekend dragged for John, the weather was wet and windy, and Rosie was grizzly from being cooped up. Sherlock was elusive, seeming to emerge from his room and escape from the flat at the most opportune moment to give John the slip. As Greg and Sally were on assignment in Scotland, and Hopkins was still (!) tied up with the Chigwell murder, John could only speculate that Sherlock had taken on a private client, but apart from both his and John's laptops being used, there were no signs of a case. He waited up on Saturday night to try to catch Sherlock’s return, but at one-thirty he had given up and gone to bed. Sunday morning, when a bleary-eyed John and a bright and cheerful Rosie had entered the kitchen, Sherlock’s coat was back on its hook in the hall, but John had no idea what time he had come in.
As they climbed the stairs to 221b Sherlock briefly described the matter of the Hilton-Cubitt case leaving John quite intrigued. Once in the flat he examined the photos of the dancing men that Sherlock had received and his own versions of them on the blackboard.
He was interrupted from this reverie by Mrs Hudson saying, “Of  course you could always come with us, if you’ve nothing better to do.”
“Boscombe mere is surrounded by trees and quite densely covered, but it serves as a short cut to the village for those who live on the estate. Crowder’s daughter had just got off the school bus and was cutting through to the Lodge where they live, when she overheard the two Cloetes arguing. She told her father when she reached home but he thought nothing of it, according to his statement ‘it was nothing new, they were always at loggerheads’.
"A pity the wine gets lost in the fabric, don't you think?" John asked as he removed his shorts, throwing it on the sand, exposing Sherlock's hard, leaking, aching for attention, cock.
A VIP passenger van was waiting for them outside. The driver got out and loaded the heavy bags while they got in. He set off and took the road to Bern airport.
"Don't be fooled by appearances, Major. Or did you want two shiny new 4x4 running through a desert full of mercenaries?"
Sherlock stirred up, uncomfortable, and dismissed the apologies with a wave of his hand. John, for his part, didn’t seem to accept the excuses.
“In the Archive,” Dimmock whispered in her ear. What the hell was wrong with the boss today? ”Where else?”
"Just the tongue," John chuckled at Sherlock's frustrated gesture of "just the tongue and just a drop."
"That's it", said John, chanted by Anthea. All of them dropped to the ground, and Donovan caught Mrs Hudson, who staggered dangerously.
She turned around. In the other room Mycroft Holmes was throwing several bottles in a bag, emptying ashtrays and placing magazines and papers scattered everywhere.
In fact, he was happy to celebrate his birthday. If he did not honor them before, it was not because of age, nor the passage of time. It was because he had no one to do so with, and nothing increased his feeling of loneliness more than the futile attempts of birthday parties attended only by his parents and Mycroft.
The intercom rang again. She remained silent, paralyzed by fear. If they thought no one was home, perhaps they leave. No, it was stupid. They surely knew she was there with Rosie. With a trembling hand, she picked up the receiver.
Confused, John noticed the ground where his feet rested was soft. Until he realized his feet were resting on Bill's legs, who, tied to the post, had stretched them so that John could lean on them and not hurt his shoulder anymore.
Sherlock threw him a warning look and then looked at the doctor. Mycroft grimaced, realizing his mistake. But it was too late.
Lestrade watched as Rob and Patrick approached two of the mercenaries guarding the warehouse door. They had dishevelled their clothes and dirtied their faces, becoming homeless again in a second. Staggering, they approached them with the excuse of asking for a cigarette. The mercenaries sent them off into the wind, not realising that Andrew and Jake were coming from behind. Each grabbed one of them by the neck, and in a second, they were dead on the ground.
Strange clenched his teeth, sweating from the effort to rotate the rings backward. Suddenly the green rings burst into a thousand pieces, and the wind blew even harder.
John smiled, remembering how, at first, he felt a bit disappointed, since one of his most secret fantasies was to watch Sherlock fucked by someone else. Soon his disappointment vanished. He found a secret pleasure of being the only one in the world to enjoy the only consulting detective's body, to explore every inch of his skin, to be the only one who knew how to make him groan, pant, scream, beg, shiver and moan in a total sexual pleasure bliss.
Peter bit his lips for a moment, hesitantly. John waited, letting him summon up the courage to speak, a trait he practiced daily as a doctor. He pretended to concentrate on the writing.
They slowly climbed the narrow spiral staircase from the dungeon to one of the basements. John took the lead and waved to the others, which soon spread out across the various rooms of the place, guns blazing, to keep going up afterwards.
"WHAT?" the elder Holmes' roar echoed across the square, "but how could anyone possibly have detected it? And flight control?" New incredulous silence. "Why do we have a Secret Service? Why is everyone so incredibly incompetent?!!!!" he yelled.
“What is happening, John? I’m accustomed to Sherlock destroying the flat, but I thought you were the reasonable one”.
"Please, I wouldn't miss it for the world. Your weddings are the most fun I've ever seen. Although I hope anyone tries to kill me at this one."
"Insufferable knowing-it all," muttered John, kissing the back of Sherlock's neck, making him giggle. He brushed the skin with his lips, turning to lick it with the tip of his tongue or gently nibbling it, as SHerlock squirmed under the soft teasing as John's hands ran up and down his chest.
Once the plane got altitude, the Major got up and walked over to the seven passengers, surprised at their appearance. Almost all of them had long beards and messy hair, while they gobbled up with evident enthusiasm some enormous sandwiches and drank water as if they came from the desert. Some remained silent, looking out of the window, lost in their thoughts; others, with their eyes closed, kept muttering to themselves. A couple of them, at the back of the plane, were laughing and chatting excitedly, arguing and fighting like children, to continue talking as if nothing had happened.
He pointed around in all directions with the flashlight. A little further at his right, he saw another sparkle in the darkness. It was another piece of the wrappings, carefully stuck on a branch.
Sherlock's strong punch got a cracking sound and broke Mycroft's left cheekbone's skin, leaving him dazed and dizzy. The detective stopped, panting and waiting, observing him. After a couple of minutes gasping, Mycroft took out a small case from his jacket pocket and brought it to Sherlock with a shaking hand.
In the middle of that nightmare, he was trying to return to normalcy, like the rest. But how could you do it knowing that people can come back from dead, invoking, and create zombies and ghouls army to conquer the world?
As always, John's face took away all his worries. His smile, his sparkling, happy and calm blue eyes, the love in them looking at him, calmed him.
Irene looked at her in surprise. She never thought that his little game to make John angry and jealous could hurt him and Sherlock, And Rosie, which made her feel even worse.
"Sherlock was devastated. He was a sensitive child, more than their parents understood. The poor boy dug for days and days, alone or with the help of the gardeners, trying to find the place Eurus was referring to in her song. Until he lost all hope of finding Victor. Then he locked himself away. He stopped laughing, playing, eating… He barely spoke, and, when he did, it was only to spit out deductions, to drive others away”.
They moved to a little, dark room with a glass wall, through which they could see a short, bald man around his fifty who, terrified, refused to answer the agents' questions, repeating one time after another that all was a misunderstanding. He was shivering and tearful, but stubbornly repeated the same sentence over and over again.
"Like a freak? A potential psychopathic killer?" asked Sherlock, mockingly, although John sensed the insecurity within the joke
He moved down, sucking his hips and his inner tights, neglecting John's cock. Suddenly, to catch him off guard, he moved up, roughly kissing John, his tongue slipping inside his mouth, running his hands over his chest. He broke the kiss and looked at a flushed John, his pupils dilated, his chest rising and falling rapidly, his cock dripping profusely.
"Liar," chuckled John, though he knew the detective was partly right. Sherlock exhaled a contented hum, eyes closed, nose buried in John's neck. John kissed his hair and gently caressed his back with the palm of his hand, making the detective shudder.
"Completely. But I will give Sherlock a good scolding when he gets back. Not telling me Mycroft bought a castle... he could have taken me with him. I also need holidays... What do you think, do French castles have ghosts too?" she asked an increasingly baffled sergeant.
Sherlock pressed the man harder against the wall. His legs wobbled, and he seemed incapable of supporting himself, as he kept sobbing and muttering pleads.
Sherlock couldn't hold his laughter, looking at him as if John were the eighth (for him really the first) wonder of the world.
Sherlock plunged into sex with John in the same passionate way he solved a case or played the violin, with all his mind, body and heart, inexperienced but willing to be taught and to learn, to please and be pleased. And he acted with John in bed as in the rest of his life, studying, testing, experimenting and collecting data about John’s body, inch by inch, methodically treasuring all the information in his Mental Palace, discovering erogenous points in John’s body that he didn’t even know himself, what he liked, what he disliked, deducing what he was ashamed to ask for, making the doctor reach unknown peaks of pleasure while they were having sex together, always wanting for more, as if they’d like to make up for all the time they hadn’t been together.
"Say that again, and I'll make you eat Stormbreak, Ross," he threatened, brandishing it. Then he smiled broadly and hugged him, clapping hard his back.
Lestrade bit his lower lip, trying to contain the anguish, the pain that was tearing at his heart. He swallowed with difficulty, wondering how to say it to Mycroft.
The door opened, and the pathologist disappeared behind it. Instead of going home, Donovan went to a bar where many taxi drivers usually met before starting their night shift, not far from Baker Street. She stopped the vehicle, got into it, bought a sandwich and a drink, and got back into the cab seat.
“We have to stay very, very quiet, because if the baby fallow deer hears us, he won’t come here, alright?”
"Of course, Major," replied the detective, holding out his hand, "I'm glad you finally made up your mind."
"Mycroft, no!" mused Sherlock, guessing his intentions, kicking the men around him and frantically trying to untie himself, his eyes fixed on the stick.
Sherlock moved away, to avoid the torturing contact, his cock sensitive after his orgasm. John smirked at the sight of a beach canopy, the four bamboo poles tied to the fabric. After giving Sherlock a soft smack in the ass, he walked to the awning, untied the cloth, and placed it on the sand, between the four poles. He approached the detective and, pulling his hair, made him follow him on all fours until he was in the center of the canvas, expectant at what John had in mind.
Sally moved backward, taking the dildo out of Sherlock and dropped herself on the floor, gasping for air, looking at Sherlock as the cat that ate the cream and gave five to the forensic.
He groaned when he saw the black car in front of the door. He secretly hoped John hadn't invited Mycroft, though he was sure he would do it.
"Look, Mike, I have been mourning you for ten years. But I swear to God I will kill you right now with my own hands if you don't tell me who threatened Rosie and what the hell is going on".
A skinny and tall creature jumped in the office. He had donkey hooves for feet, greyish skin are were totally bald. His eyes were red, and all their teeth were fangs. He looked at them with a hungry visage.
"He wants to talk to you", he said to John, making a gesture towards the patrol car where Mike had just been put.
He gulped, pointing at Ross. What was wrong with Sherlock? When he left with Strange, he was fine, and now... had he killed Donovan? His mouth was dry. That couldn't be happening. But there, out of nowhere, the body of the sergeant, Sherlock, and Ross had appeared. Had he gone through some Strange's portal, killed Sally, and found Ross?
Suddenly, his voice faded away, his eyes fixed in the new arrivals, his body tensed and he blushed furiously, gulping and gasping for air.
He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's ass and, holding it firmly, forced him to move back and forth, pushing the tip of Sherlock's cock down his throat, not letting the detective any control over the movement. When at some point, he slowed down, fearing to choke John, he smacked his ass. The detective, subdued, letting himself go, squirming and screaming, a consuming fire growing in his lower abdomen as his cock pushed further into John's mouth.
Finally, John stopped fucking him with his tongue. Sherlock felt a strange mix of relief and emptiness, but his brain couldn’t process any of the feelings properly. He only could try to breathe, letting soft moans go out from his mouth as he exhaled, feeling as if the orgasm will never end.
"Don't worry," Everett intervened when the bookseller opened his mouth to protest, "The guardian of the Sanctum of London will keep you company at once."
John closed his fist around the shaft, poured a bit of whine on the tip into it, and licked it, tasting the mixture of precum and alcohol, flicking his tongue on the slit, making Sherlock cry with pleasure.
Sherlock looked through the window and sighed, wondering if he had blundered, but quickly discarded the thought. Anyway, the die was cast.
Lestrade did not answer. He remembered John's devastation after Sherlock's fake suicide. How he left behind Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade himself, how he gave up everything that had ever been his world, because it reminded him so much of Sherlock and it tore him apart, how John disappeared and was never heard from again until two years later.
Molly and Mrs. Hudson appeared at the end of the aisle and looked at each other, smiling. Mrs. Hudson then looked at John and winkled at him.
"Greg, God, ngggggg, John, John stop him, I'll swear…" but, amazingly, Sherlock's cock started to get hard again.
But instead of untying him, Sherlock got down on all fours over John, so his arse was inches away from John's face, so close and yet so unreachable, and lapped John's soft cock.
"If Sherlock says the possibility exists, it exists," said John. "But we must not forget that it is only that, a chance."
"Documentaries?" snapped Clint. "With all due respect, it takes more than a documentary to do what Bruce does."
"I seem to be doing okay so far," Sherlock mused, rotating his hips slightly, noticing how John's cock started showing a big interest.
"Whoever enters here never returns," answered Thor. "They don't understand how you can be here again."
“To the archive. I spend the day searching through boxes of unclosed case documents, which… “ Suddenly he fell silent and blushed even more. ”I'm sorry ... I don't know why I’m telling you all this. I haven’t had a drink for a long time and my tongue is released. I must seem you pathetic, sharing my sorrows just after meeting you.”
"Only a fortnight to go," the detective muttered hoarsely in the doctor's mouth, clearly fighting with himself.
"John!" he protested, trying to move away from that devastating touch that set his lower abdomen of fire.
"You don't have anything to apologize for. I was so scared; I wasn't thinking clearly. I hurt you and let you down," whimpered between sobs. "I was so afraid for you, for Rosie. I was terrified of losing you both…"
"It's not the food. I mean… I'm hungry, but…, it's only" Everett hesitated a couple of seconds," I can't understand how you are capable of doing this to me."
John laughed with that pitch giggle Donovan knew so well (both the doctor and the freak giggling at crime scenes), but it resonated with a mix of mockery and bitterness new for her.
Lestrade hold back a guffaw. He was happy for not have to act like a WWE Smackdown referee in the usual Donovan-Holmes combat.
"Just that, really," replied the detective quickly. "They know we don't have much time. I just want to make sure you are okay, that's all".
, but his brain could not believe that Stephen was there, standing there, singing to him, slowly approaching him to the rhythm of the music, with the caution of one who approaches what he has always dreamed of, but fears will vanish into thin air as he touches it like a soap bubble. Everett took a step towards him because if he sang to him, it meant that...
“We will miss you too. But don’t be sad. Think about all the things you want to do next year, and we will do it when you come back”.
"You're still in danger, John. You, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson. I managed to get rid of the three snipers, but there'll be others soon.
"This place is the exception. A hell composed only of negativity, darkness, sadness, griefs,  frustration, anguish, failed hopes, and broken dreams. If there is a version of ourselves that chooses a different path in every place in the universe, here are grouped all our failed stories, all the lost opportunities, the unrealized dreams... Some of them are part of our past. Others are not. They are part of the infinite possibilities of choice we have in every moment of our lives. Every time we were wrong, every time we were afraid, every time instead of bit the bullet we backed out, that version of us came here. Crossing this place when you are warned about it is hell. To cross it alone, as the other Sherlock did, leads to madness and to the search for redemption at any cost".
"This legend came to my mind when Doctor Watson told the other Sherlock that they would be together in any universe," he turned to Sherlock and John. "I visualized millions of alternate universes. In some, you know each other when you are children, or in high school, older in others. In some, you are a couple from the beginning; in others, you go through many more vicissitudes, years apart, fights, disagreements...; in some, you are not even a doctor and a consulting detective".
Lestrade tried to mediate, with no better results. Sherlock was also furious with him for his screw-up. So, along with Mycroft, both decided to put the detective under police surveillance to avoid what they knew Sherlock was determined to do: go to Afghanistan to find John. They both thought that having to look after Rosie would force him to wait for Mycroft's men to find John and bring him back.
Sholto sat on the cot and breathed with delight. To enjoy the freshness of the desert night, they decided to take out beds and sleep around the truck, while one of them remained on guard. Although they moved quite far away from the mercenaries and were in an area they might consider almost safe, they should not let their guard down.
But then, from the canopy to protect himself from the sun, he observed John and Rosie's happy faces while building a sandcastle, both kneeling on the shore, patting the mud to give it the desired shape, discussing the height of the battlements or deciding where to put a seaweed that Rosie found attractive. At that moment, seeing them radiant with happiness, the sun, the cream, the sand, the people, the jealousy, the discomfort, and the burns, all it was all worth it.
"Sherlock," repeated Mycroft, this time more gently, taking advantage of the fact that the detective stopped for a moment to take a breath and get a new chair. "Sherlock, John is gonna be fine."
“I love you William Sherlock Scott Holmes. But I should…” he slid next to the detective’s body “your ribs must be complaining”.
“It has been a pleasure to have you here,” he turned to Sherlock, “Be reassured we will take care of the house.”
He always thought that "broken heart" was only an expression, but now he knew it was real. He knew the exact moment it happened: when he saw Mary in front of John at the restaurant the day he returned.
"Call a bomb squad to go to Irene's house. But don't let them in until we arrive. They only just have to be ready to act, that's all".
John had no compunction in leaving Rosie with Sherlock, in the eighteen months since they had returned to live at Baker Street, his flatmate had never once failed to collect her because he was on a case or left her crying because he was lost in his Mind Palace. “Thanks.”
Sherlock was decent, if pyjamas and his mouse coloured dressing gown counted, it was only just gone half past nine. Mrs Hudson’s voice was barely audible above the pounding of footsteps on the stairs before an untidily dressed, considerably overweight middle aged man, breathless and red in the face from the exertion, burst into his room, paused, stared at Sherlock like a rabbit caught in headlights and promptly collapsed.
Crowley narrowed his eyes and fixed Aziraphale with a hypnotic stare. It was a hard look to pull off when your eyes were red rimmed and weeping but he managed it.
“Your bag has been taken to a guest room on the first floor, I can take you there or you may wish to start your investigations immediately. Dr Huxtable has asked me to give you whatever assistance you require.”
“He might deduce, he’s not as much of an idiot as you like to make out, and Mrs Watson will certainly know the score”
John was getting reading to spend a full day at the surgery feeling like he had had no weekend at all. Admittedly he had had three days off work. He had got through his usual jobs, there was food in the cupboards, he and Rosie had enough clean clothes for the week, and the flat was more or less ship shape. But compared with last weekend when there had been a trip to Scotland Yard, a party and a walk in the park John had done nothing nice at all, by which he meant that he had spent next to no time with Sherlock. John wondered if he should be worried about just how much, and how quickly his world had gone back to revolving around his flatmate. Yes, Rosie was most precious, but Sherlock came a very close second.
“Enough lets go and see if Mr Medidhi has decided to talk”. Sherlock drank down his coffee in one go and stood up, nose ever so slightly in the air, “besides, Mycroft could never have played Santa, he would have got stuck in the chimney.”
“Then last year I had a bad winter, pleurisy and one chest infection after another. I got checked out, nothing sinister but the quack put it down to too much work and not enough play; he signed me off for a month and suggested a holiday somewhere warm if I could manage it. So I left the estate in the hands of my agent and went off to the south of France. It was there I met the man who is now my husband. I liked him the moment I met him, and before the month was up I was as much in love as a man could be. Of course, I thought he was way out of my league, but it turned out he felt the same about me. He came back to Norfolk with me and we were married as soon as it could be arranged.
Sherlock had intended to be gone no longer than in took to grab his bag and John’s laptop, but he had been waylaid by Tony Aveling and it had taken all Sherlock’s limited self-control not to be rude to the man. It appeared that the whole story was now the talk of the school.
Steve wanted to take John straight to the cottage hospital in Mackleton, but John said he was fine – again – nothing that a bath, a warm meal and a good night’s sleep couldn’t sort out.
John knew that he should go back and raise the alarm, but if he did then he would lose them, and anyway his instinct was to keep going. The gates were designed to open automatically as you approached them, and they did just that and John sailed through them. John guessed the pickup would be heading for Mackleton intending to join the A road beyond, but they would have to go round by the lane which was narrow and winding, while John could take the short cut across the fields along the bridle path which would bring him out at the crossroads much quicker. He had done it many times before during the summer, and with the moon so bright the way held no surprises for him.
On first sight Sherlock would have put her at mid to late forties but as she came close enough to enable him to see her neck, he knocked twenty years off her age. Wearing a dowdy brown pinafore, American tan tights and a shapeless knitted cardigan on top, despite the hot weather, she was the kind of woman his grandmother would have described as ‘well upholstered’.
Except that John had gone to bed the night before having reached the inevitable conclusion that he would have to spend the day trying to get hold of Dinah and making executive decisions regarding caterers and buttonholes. John tried to feel sorry for Greg, and Dinah, that their plans had gone so awry, but he found the whole situation so bizarre he couldn’t help thinking that a postponement would be the best thing all round. He couldn’t understand what all the hurry was in aid of anyway.
“I have already tried that, Crowley, but to no avail. I fear that Ms Morstan is cleverer than Dr Watson’s usual choice of girlfriend, and rather than giving him a hard time for going on cases she tends to join them. As a result, there is very little opportunity for Sherlock to spend time with his friend alone, and at the end of the day it is Dr Watson and Mary Morstan who go home together.
The only consolation in John’s limited availability to attend cases with him, was the pleasure of knowing that John was at home,
"I think you should go upstairs… Go on, I’ll watch Rosie, go up and take a look at the second floor.”
The police kept Sherlock hanging around for another two hours, he suspected they were doing it deliberately as punishment for the fact that John had skipped, although Carlo, the butler, keeping everyone supplied with tea and cakes might have been a contributing factor.
“After Sherringford, he was so keen for us to move back to Baker Street, involved me in all the renovations, was so conscientious making the place safe for Rosie, I did wonder if there might be something but he’s never said a word.”
While his blogger’s prose often tended to romanticise their exploits during various cases, John had never shown any inclination towards any other sort of sentimental writings let alone poesy. Even the selection of readings at his ill-fated wedding had been left to Mary (and the vicar).
“It really is a lovely room; we like to think of it as our Honeymoon Suite. It has an en suite, and a mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities, even a trouser press, and the most beautiful view of the Valley in the hotel…”
Once in 221b, John quickly fell back into the old routine of making tea while Sherlock checked his emails.
“That is the problem which we are now about to solve,” Sherlock replied. “You remember, Inspector Martin, when the Kings said that they could smell gunpowder quite strongly in the hallway as well as the study.”
Aziraphale began to count on his fingers. “Firstly, the drug smuggling killer on the ‘Star of Brazil’… secondly, the boa constrictor in the hold…
Mary, handed the phone by Wiggins finds her way into the empty house at Leinster Gardens. Unaccustomedly disconcerted by the projection of her face on the building’s façade, which despite the wedding finery, seems naked, exposed.
It only took four short steps from the kerb to the front door of 221 to put a damper on the evening, that, and brief glance at the doorknocker.
Mycroft ignored Sherlock completely. “You may recall that you asked me to track down a marriage certificate pertaining to his Grace’s younger brother.”
“Well, I’ve brought plenty to keep you occupied. The venue has sent through the menu cards, they want us to whittle it down to a choice of three before we go to the tasting next month, and I’ve brought the brochures too.” Mary gestured towards the holdall, “I’ve marked the ones I think look best, there’s a couple of all-inclusive in Alicante, but I’d be happy with Cephalonia or Rhodes if you’re not keen on Spain.
“You were right, I shouldn’t dismay,” Greg exuberance was causing him to shout, John held the phone away from his ear. “We’re on the move, the ferry is on its way and we’re going to get on it. I’ll let you know our plans once we’re on the mainland. Thanks, John you’re a mate, can you get hold of Dinah and let her know?”
Sherlock has only one thing on his mind on reaching London; more crucial than attending to Baker Street or helping the police with their enquiries. He has to see Molly.
“It’s an elimination round. You choose one and kill the other” Eurus instructs Sherlock. “You have to choose family or friend. Mycroft or John Watson?” Then addressing her older brother “I hope you have a speech prepared.”
His efforts didn’t pay off, and by quarter to eight John conceded that he would have to leave the flat without seeing Sherlock if he was to avoid being late for work.
“I’m with you, you know that.” Murray repeats to comfort his friend, relieved when John quietens and sleep claims him.
They sipped their whiskies, both unbeknown to the other transported back to their days in Baker Street.
John started to gather his clothes in preparation for getting dressed. Sherlock watched appreciatively.
“Originally I thought it was twelve but there was a short haired and a long-haired tortoiseshell” Sherlock confessed to John’s amusement.
It is worse than Mycroft feared, drastic action is required. Within minutes of leaving the flat, Mycroft is speaking to his assistant, “Operation De Quincey is Go!”
John noted that Mycroft’s voice had lost none of its insufferably patronising tone in the last two years.
“Be your own man… follow your heart, choose your own path. Go if you want to go, but for your own sake, not anyone else.”
Only what appeared to be the final word was obscured beyond recognition but Sherlock could tell it was clearly designed to rhyme with the third line. What could it be? Sherlock visited the dictionary corner of his mind palace… when I think of your tum? Thumb? Ileum… he shook his head, ridiculous. Oh, Sherlock felt his face burn… when I think of your bum. Sherlock’s heart did its own flip, he didn’t like the connotations of John thinking of anyone’s derriere, he didn’t like it one bit.
John ignored them, he knew they were in for fair amount of hanging around and rang the bell for tea. No-one felt like talking much, but after an hour Hopkins came out and said that everyone apart from John and Sherlock could go.
Mycroft replied instantly. “No, my dear, not at all, it is merely… you will recall last Saturday morning, a certain text message.”
It took three trips for John, Rosie and the various accoutrements that accompanied a small child everywhere to get upstairs, John’s things to his room and Rosie’s to the nursery. But finally they got to sit down with a cup of tea, Sherlock in his chair and John in his with Rosie in her playpen between them. Sherlock had to admit Mark had done a good job on the flat, there were lights on the mantle, tinsel on the bison and the replacement skull was sporting a Santa hat. There was holly and ivy and even mistletoe, everything tasteful and understated, just about the limit to what he and John could tolerate, and for the first time Sherlock saw the point of Christmas.
Sherlock suggested that Chris escort Mary the short distance home, while he and John waited for him on a bench outside the pub. Chris and Mary agreed to this eagerly and they headed off.
“So it would seem,” Sherlock agreed. “Perhaps you can account also for the bullet which has so obviously struck the edge of the window?” He had turned suddenly, and his long, thin ﬁnger was pointing to a hole which had been drilled right through the frame about an inch from the top.
(I had hoped to get ahead of myself but this chapter rather ran away with itself, I was enjoying myself with the boys at home. Very brief mention of a suicide that happened in the past and off stage if it helps to know that)
“I knew from his first letter that we were meant for each other, we had so much in common. We had both lost our parents, well I still had Mother, but you know what I mean. We shared the same interests, the same beliefs, the same hobbies, we seemed to think alike on everything. He even had a typewriter, only he had a Remington and I had an Olivetti but apart from that we were completely simpatico.
“So, forgive me if I don’t feel that thrilled about having a jolly in Scotland at the taxpayers’ expense rather than on my way home to London in time for my wedding day!”
When John came back downstairs, Mycroft was taking his leave, whisky untouched on the mantelpiece. Sherlock had migrated from the dining chair to the couch and was now supine, eyes closed, hands in prayer position.
) who had finished clearing plates and was now loading them into one of the dishwashers, “She lives on the estate.”
“I may not have known him very long, I won’t ask how you know that… but I knew from the first time we corresponded that Ian was a good, kind person and more than that he was my soulmate, we were destined to be together and besides…” Here Mary lowered her voice and became conspiratorial, “he contacted me on the morning of the wedding and implored me to swear that I would always be true to him; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to separate us, I was always to remember that I was promised to him, and that he would claim his promise sooner or later. It seemed a strange thing for a wedding-morning, but what has happened since makes me think he had a premonition that something would happen to prevent our marriage.”
Murray is on good form, regaling John with the most entertaining snippets of Camp gossip, and it is some time before he notices how John is favouring his right hand while the left, his dominant one, is fixed firmly at his side. Murray refrains from questions but wonders just how far from being fit for work his old friend is.
“I am so delighted to meet you.” Aveling chattered on, they had reached a similar door to the one they had come out of which Sherlock took to be the entrance to the Western wing, “we had no idea of course that our Dr Watson was
It’s well past five by the time John arrives, exactly twelve months late, at that landmark building.
Eddie’s (officially named the Surf Shack) was sandwiched between two such establishments, Sherlock pushed the door and went in with John following closely behind. The front of the shop was filled with brightly coloured surfboards, wetsuits and other surfing paraphernalia. Behind this was another room with a handful of tables and chairs, a counter and a half a dozen substantial looking computers along one wall. As Sherlock had predicted the café wasn’t busy, and he and John seated themselves at two adjacent computers as the proprietor came over and greeted Sherlock as if he was an old friend.
“It was fun, teaching the dear boy how to enjoy himself, going to concerts and the like, now I suppose he has everything he wants at home. Such a shame, I had quite a number of excursions planned. Sherlock used to call it my bucket list.”
The inspector continued with his description of the corpse: dead approximately thirty-six hours, no water in the lungs, therefore he entered the water posthumously, every bone in his body broken, and not just broken, some were completely crushed.
Lestrade was down the other end of the room, and Sally at last had the opportunity she had been waiting for.
There was no time for more explanations, as Molly and Simon chose that moment to arrive, they were to go ahead in the first taxi with Mrs Hudson and Rosie. John wondered if Sherlock had informed Molly of the change in arrangements, despite the comforting presence of Simon, it was still likely to be a shock. However, Molly seemed fairly composed, she picked up Rosie’s travel bag, while Simon took Mrs Hudson’s arm.
“Cheer up Guv,” Sally said patting his hand, “as no one can get off or onto the island, we can keep our rooms, they’re not going throw us out into the snow.”
John knew what Sherlock was referring to. “No, it was you, most of my nightmares concern you, even when I am awake. You were lost on the moor, in a cave, some place dark… every time I reached you, you slipped through my fingers. I couldn’t stop you falling. Old story, new version. They will pass.”
By Monday morning John was seriously fed up. He gave Rosie her breakfast and slammed around the kitchen and bathroom not caring how much noise he made or if he woke up sleeping beauty. In fact, deep down in some unacknowledged place in his mind, he wanted to wake Sherlock up, at least it would mean that he would see the git.
“You know what the Holmes men are like, emotionally constipated. You can hardly expect Sherlock to make the first move, he's not exactly played the field, and you've never given him any indication. You need to tell him!”
After John had left, Sherlock stretched out in the bed, aware of the John shaped gap that was left on one side.
“Dinah is a magician and a brilliant one. The key to the profession of magic is misdirection, and these murders are a masterpiece of misdirection. She murdered her first husband, Manny, otherwise known as the
John recognising that an ‘if you can’t beat them, join them’ strategy was best at this point started speculating just how much Bill had lost at the tables the previous night and became so intensely involved in the banter that he didn’t even notice that Sherlock had slipped away.
Greg knew the moment he opened his eyes that it had snowed again. His alarm was set for six, and he hadn’t slept through it. There was no way that light would be peeping through the hotel curtains at six o’clock on a winter morning in Scotland without there being snow outside.
John spent the day becoming increasingly more irate with his git of a flatmate. He felt thwarted at every turn. Greg had phoned to say that they had arrived in Aberdeen but there were no flights or trains available. They had decided to hire a car as far as Edinburgh and to take stock when they got there. The conditions were still poor, and progress was slow. Greg sounded thoroughly fed up again while the others sounded as if the were having a wale of a time, Sally and Amy were already referring to themselves as Thelma and Louise.
Toby surveys Sherlock with a disappointed expression but as he has no other it is impossible to determine if the dog is genuinely stricken. Sherlock thinks not.
Sherlock gave Lestrade a squinty eyed look as  a result of this speech, and even John could tell it had the air of a press release.
Unusually Sherlock had stayed behind, unusual as in the months since John and Rosie had been in residence at 221B these regular excursions where the three of them went out
“Only outstanding observational skills, an excellent memory and the ability to combine the two to make an accurate deduction,” John finished for him.
He made himself a camomile tea to go to bed with and took a last look round the sitting room. He’d heard Mrs Hudson come in a while ago and knew that all was well there. He noticed that at some point Sherlock had removed his socks and shoes. Looking at those long bony feet always did something that made John’s insides go soft.  He swiftly pulled the throw off the back of the couch and placed it over them, Sherlock didn’t move a muscle.
“This I believe is the message Patrick received by post, in the letter Richard thought he saw thrown on the fire. The whole sorry love triangle that has destroyed the lives of three men”
Twenty-three, two years out of university, not a tourist so obviously working for the IT company situated on the bypass, a very small cog in a mediocre wheel. He was young, he should get out while he could. The clairvoyant made a show of consulting his crystal ball.
Sherlock had spent a restless evening and a sleepless night prowling the corridor of his mind palace searching for examples of the incident with the third soldier, but he had come away empty handed. He was convinced he had never made a deduction without observed data to corroborate it. Frankly, it unnerved him.  The scientist in him concluded that the only solution was a control experiment to see if it happened again.
“Don’t worry darling, it is just your git of a godfather interfering in daddy’s business, and daddy quite rightly has had enough” Turning to Sherlock, John said sharply “I will write my own poetry thank you very much, and the last person I would turn to for courtship advice is a self-confessed sociopath. Now look after Rosie for me”
Her own flat suffered only minimum damage. The windows were blown out and the ceilings have had to be replastered and oh… the dust! However, not unlike Martha Hudson, these buildings were built to last. If they survived the Blitz, they could survive any old patience bomb or whatyoucallit that Sherlock’s psychotic sister could throw at them.
“I think they hoped they had killed you, or your injury would prove fatal.” Sherlock continued. “They had to think on their feet. The place where they discovered you had followed them was right by the access track to the Ragged Shaw. They dumped you in the back of the truck and drove up as close as possible to the mouth of the cave, then I think they carried you in as far as they could, using the rug you had round your shoulders when you emerged as a kind of stretcher. They made the mistake of underestimating your resilience… and the thickness of your skull.”
Sherlock opened his eyes to see a pair of brilliant blue eyes looking down at him, concerned. Sherlock flicked his own eyes to the right. Nothing.
The school kitchen had obviously raided the boys’ supper things to provide a meal at such short notice, there were fish fingers, chips and peas followed by jam roly-poly and custard, it was all extremely comforting.
“No, Lord Arthur became the duke when his brother died, but then he died too, a couple of years later. It was a shock, because he was only just over seventy, but folk round here said he never got over the death of Master Alex. That had happened a few months before.”
Sherlock could tell Ruth was intrigued but she tactfully said nothing, her son however had no reservations. “Go on see what you make of Mum”
“Might as well have a fag while I’m here. We’re not supposed to but…” She reached in the jacket pocket and drew out a packet of cigarettes and a cheap lighter, “but then we are not supposed to talk about the Duke either.”
“Frank Hudson is an evil man; if he goes free my life is over. I have the evidence to prove his guilt, he deserves the needle”
Mrs Hudson had surprisingly comprehensive insurance for a residential building in central London, though as the widow of a drug dealer she was probably right to be prepared for every eventuality. Mycroft’s pockets were deep and even John, with Mary’s life insurance in the bank, was in the position to contribute.
Sherlock didn’t need to be asked twice. “It is obvious from your nasal hair, your manicure and the way you were shaved this morning that you have lived a significant part of your life overseas, in fact I would go as far as to say you were born abroad, and that English is not your mother tongue, you have the overly precise diction of a non-native speaker. Every item of clothing you are wearing is brand new, including your shoes and is deliberately casual compared with your usual attire, you are constantly surprised to see your watch on your wrist instead of in your waistcoat pocket. You have military experience but not in the battlefield, I would suggest one of the secret services, either Her Majesty’s or another, friendly, power, my brother would know. I think that is enough to be going on with. So, Mr Fell, perhaps you would care to enlighten me, why did you choose to come here this morning in disguise?”
Molly laughed again at her own joke, and waited for Sherlock to tell her not to try to be funny but he seemed lost in his own thoughts.
Just then the door opened, and his friend from the night before appeared and said, “What will you give me if I help you again?”
John’s second decision was that he must get out of London. Once he could not imagine living anywhere else but now the city was indelibly associated with the memory of his dead friend. Baker Street and Bart's were easily avoided, and the hordes of Japanese tourists asking the way to Buckingham Palace could just about be tolerated. If he didn’t look up, he could avoid seeing the Oxo Tower and the Shad Shanderson Corporation picked out against city skyline. But it was the casual memories evoked by the city streets that pained him most. One evening after teaching practice at St Clement Dane’s the bus took a detour down Northumberland Street and as he passed Angelo’s he was once again poleaxed by grief. Similarly, a glimpse from the back of a taxi of the crack house in Upper Swandam Lane that Sherlock had expressed an unhealthy interest in left him panicky and breathless. Great swathes of the city, from Chinatown to Belgravia were now off limits. He had to get away.
John wasn’t particularly keen on bats, but he seemed to remember something about bats in caves, not to drink water where bats lived, but there was something else. That bats left their caves at night. He rubbed his chin again; he was pretty certain that it was night, but not entirely sure.
As Greg rang off, John sprang into action, he took his to do list from the beside table, and checked what as still outstanding, he was a man on a mission.
It was a warm night and there were still plenty of people about on the promenade. Sherlock realised he didn’t want the evening to end and was wondering if it would be totally gauche to suggest a walk, but John was ahead of him.
Alone with the soldier, Sherlock assessed the situation, and concluded that the anger that had been demonstrated before had dissipated into curiosity. That he could handle. He invited the man to take a seat before sitting again himself.
“I am afraid that won’t be possible, Mrs Hudson, John is require to accompany me to Scotland Yard on urgent business.”
They burst into the huge bedroom and were greeted by the sight of Dinah, lying face down on the bed with Sherlock kneeling over her and for one horrible moment John thought he had interrupted the start of the honeymoon. When his senses caught up with his eyes, he could see quite clearly the room was in disarray, the covers pulled from the bed and the Turkish delight scattered over the floor. But this was not caused by the throes of passion, Sherlock had one knee in the small of his wife’s back and was pinning her arms to the bed, while she was flailing around trying to evade him, kicking her legs up behind her to try to tip him off. Sherlock at some point had taken off his tie, possibly with the intention of binding her arms together but Dinah was putting up more of a fight than he had anticipated.
Sherlock was not having a good day; in truth he was off his game and struggling to concentrate on the deductions. He had slept badly (for him) or rather he had been awake well into the night before falling asleep at the table around six. He had been awakened well past eleven, crabbed and cranky, by a customer trying the door. For two bits he would have chucked the whole thing and gone down to the beach in search of something to help him focus but even that seemed to require too much effort.
When his Sweetie returned from terrorising the officers at Scotland Yard, John sat him down, and told him that he wanted to try an experiment.  His beloved liked experiments so he readily agreed.
There were very few photographs of the Holderness children, their parents were fiercely protective of their privacy but, four years ago, Arthur had been a page boy at the wedding of a minor royal and this had been reported widely. Sherlock looked at the small pale face and mop of dark curls and, despite the fact the child was dressed as Little Lord Fauntleroy, Sherlock was certain he would know him if he saw him now.
“I’m not a GP but I don’t like the sound of your breathing, I would see your own doctor as soon as you can.”
He went on, inch by painful inch, mostly crawling though occasionally he dropped to his belly to give his knees a break. John had little sense of time passing, sometimes when he stopped to look at his watch it was ten minutes, other times an hour, it didn’t seem to be getting any lighter, so he was still nowhere near an entrance. That thought panicked him a little,
The paper, when Sherlock finally got his hands on it, was nothing out of the ordinary, easily recognised as a page torn from one of the reporter style notebooks John favoured. There were fifteen words written in John’s barely legible doctor’s scrawl, though for some reason the last three had been struck through.
It is essential that John be evacuated as a matter of priority, his old friend Murray is detailed to accompany him. The helicopter ride is torture, with John sedated but not completely unconscious; his temperature and vital signs are a cause of alarm for Bill, as are John’s incoherent ramblings.
Sherlock reasoned that it was unlikely they would recognise him as the Great Nostradamo but he didn’t want to take any chances so waited outside for fifteen minutes before going in. He went straight to the bar and bought himself a beer before settling at one of the slot machines conveniently placed to keep the pool table, where two of the soldiers were playing a game while the older, shorter one stood watching them, well in his line of vision.
Greg visibly relaxed, “Yes, she’s not worried about that, Dinah has her own career and leads a very busy life. That’s one of the reasons she wants to get married before Christmas, while she has a break in her schedule.”
“I am fairly confident that the first word of the second message is AT but it could possibly be AS. The second word is almost certainly a proper noun and could be anything. Likewise the last incomplete word of the initial message.”
“I am afraid Miss Sutherland, you must acknowledge the whole thing was a fraud, and forget that a person called Ian B Moody ever entered your life.”
And in that quiet and darkening room, as the earth stood still; spring had come at last, after a long and bitter winter.
“No matter…” Sherlock said quickly, “Very good, Mr Fell, you intrigue me. I will help you recover your trinket.”
John picked up the notebook and pencil and wrote underneath ABDIMNOOY, then threw them both onto the table in disgust.
The two men got back into the truck and Danny remounted his bike. Sherlock surveyed the roads ahead, while they had both described it as a crossroads, it hardly merited the name. The lane to the left was even narrower than the one they were on, and on the right, the signpost read ‘Private Road - Ash End Farm only’, leaving forward as the most obvious route to take. Without saying anything, Steve appeared to agree as he carried straight on. Sherlock continued to monitor Danny’s progress through the wing mirror but as the road straightened out and the truck picked up speed, he turned to Steve and said.
Much later, lying in bed in the darkness, surprisingly awake for two sleepy people, Sherlock in what he had decided was his favourite sleeping position, on his left side with his arm draped over John’s chest. Quietly talking about the things that mattered to them most and the events that had brought them thus far.
The Shostakovich might not have the happiest of associations, Sherlock reflected, but it was sweet and lively and just might do something to ease the oppressive silence that always greeted him when he visited his sister, the East Wind.
Sherlock groaned, “There’s always something.” Then aware of Steve’s reluctance Sherlock said “Go on, tell us what you know”
John sprang up to take Rosie from her, there was a bit of fussing about the washing up, but Simon took everything out to the kitchen and Mrs Hudson said she would take care of it in the morning. They all trooped out into the hallway to say their goodbyes, John thanked Simon again for his assistance while Molly leant up to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m glad you’re not married to that woman…” she giggled, “except… I suppose you are.”
“That’s better!” She announced with some satisfaction, “Now, I have some chicken soup downstairs if you feel up to it, and your doctor agrees.”
Mike, oblivious to the drama going on around him, introduces John. A phone is borrowed; inspired guesses at the soldier’s past are made, after which John is abruptly invited to view a flat share that evening.
“The people I mixed with called me ‘freak’, ‘misfit’, ‘oddball’ or ‘aberration’, but mostly they didn’t address me at all, until so many years had passed since anyone had called me by it, I found that I had deleted my name completely. Therefore, I cannot get divorced from my work as I cannot serve the papers.”
Sherlock took his phone from his pocket, he had two bars of a signal, and dialled, “If there is a marriage certificate anywhere with Alexander’s name on it Mycroft will find it...”
After some thought Sherlock makes fresh tea and John produces a list. It seems that it is too much to hope that the happy couple will favour a quick trip to the registrar’s office, it appears that the bride-to-be requires what John refers to as ‘the works’. So, there are copious arrangements to be made, cake to try, suits to be measured for, guests to be vetted…
Despite his protestations, this claim was not completely true. Sherlock had been fine as he climbed on board the Star of Brazil, he had been fine when he descended into the small hold on the starboard side of the ship, he had even been fine when Harry Harkins, Ship’s Captain and perpetrator had locked him in. What had altered the situation from fine to not so fine, was the presence of a fifteen-foot boa constrictor in the hold with him.
Sherlock sniffed, he did not tend to pull holes in the plot of Star Wars, he generally reserved that pleasure for Bond Nights. Aware of John’s love of the films, he had called in a few favours to secure tickets for the premiere of the new Star Wars as an early Christmas present. John, delighted, had insisted that they both watch the whole series again to bring them up to speed. Sherlock knew what John was really doing though; John was making new memories for them both because he was going away.
Greg ignored the hint, he wasn’t finished, not by a long shot. “You know you could have just asked me.”
Dr Huxtable took out his own mobile phone, an antiquated Nokia, peered at it and dialled, a brief conversation ensued, and it appeared there had indeed been a letter.
Now the transformation of the second floor stunned him, instead of just one door on the landing there were two. He instinctively opened the door to his old room. At first glance it appeared no different; it was still more or less the same size, although it looked bigger, probably due to the new decoration and blinds. Then he noticed the biggest change, on the far wall there was another door.
John sighed and picked up his own and Lestrade’s empty glasses. “I’ll get another round in… there was something else I wanted to talk to you about, though I think you may have just helped me make a decision.”
"You see John, it is a curious thing that a typewriter has really quite as much individuality as a person’s handwriting. Unless they are brand new, which is unlikely as so few are made these days, no two of them write exactly alike. Over the years some letters become more worn than others, and some wear only on one side. In the letter you received from Mary Sutherland today, we see there are four examples of the lower case ‘e’ in the text and a further five in the address and on each one the loop is shaded in. There is also a slight defect in the tail of the 'r', you can see it in the words ‘brown’, ‘over’ and ‘Wilvercombe’.  There are fourteen other characteristics, but those are the more obvious"
Leaving the landing light on, it was already getting dark, John went back downstairs to see what Sherlock had been up to while they were out.
Sherlock tolerated the other parents by maintaining a safe distance from their chatter but had recently deduced that Melanie, a newcomer to the group, kept an urban hive on her roof terrace, and this had improved his trips to stay and play considerably. Plus, the church served proper coffee and handmade biscuits.
“I’m sorry to call you so early but here’s been another incident Mr Holmes; a message was left under a pebble upon the sun-dial, I found it yesterday morning. I’ve emailed the photograph to you but you’ll see the characters are exactly the same as the last one.”
John Watson has had better sex, more skilful lovers, male and female both, but never has he felt such an instant connection with anyone.
Sherlock was personally affronted at her interruption of his conversation with the intriguing doctor and was about to tell her again to go away, but he had reckoned without the chivalry of his companion.
“This way” Aveling said cheerfully, “Dr Watson’s rooms are in the Western wing, most of the single residential masters live there, it is handy for the science labs and classrooms on the ground floor. You can walk through the building, but you’re less likely to get lost going round the outside, and it will give you an idea of the lay of the land. The boys have study bedrooms in the Southern and Eastern wings, the dining room and kitchens are in South too. The Northern wing has the offices and more classrooms. The Headmaster and the residential married staff have houses in the grounds.
“You are not in control of it, it’s controlling you,” Mycroft waves a hand at Sherlock’s cocaine paraphernalia on the little table, “You must see it will destroy everything you hold most dear?”
The voice of Sherlock taunts her; she senses his presence seated somewhere in the shadows and scans the corridor for a faint outline. Sherlock Holmes… her friend… rival… nemesis. Which is it to be this night? She briefly regrets she didn’t finish him off when she had the chance.
The boy was Arthur Saltire, the only son and heir of one of the local landowning aristocracy. He joined the school a year after the rest of his form and went straight into a class with the rising nines. Dr Huxtable asked John to keep a particular eye on Arthur, hinting of parents recently separated and a messy custody battle. John wondered if the boy’s rank, his arrival at the school after the rest of his year and the headmaster’s special interest would result in the kind of bullying that so often prevailed in public schools, but his fears were unfounded. Arthur soon emerged from his shell and began to make friends, there was nothing of the incipient sociopath about him.
Terry, keen to show his appreciation while at the same time not wanting to relinquish any of his business to his rival on Wilvercombe High Street, had suggested that Sherlock take over his pitch for the summer season. Sherlock, between jobs, between flats and unable to afford one without the other, sick of his brother’s interference and reluctant to pay the price of asking his parents for help, had grasped the opportunity to get out of London and live life for a while below the fraternal radar.
“Reuben was always a nasty piece of work,” Steve agreed, “that’s why the pub went down the drain, he was at odds with everyone in the village.”
The fine details of the day were still very much in the planning stage, Mary seemed to have very strong opinions and John seemed quite happy to leave it to her. He had done his bit in the selection of the engagement ring, and now all he had to firm up was his and Sherlock’s suits. John’s idea of a quick trip to Moss Bros to hire something suitable had been vetoed immediately by Sherlock who had never worn a prêt-à-porter suit in his adult life (except in disguise and not always then) and wasn’t about to start now. He arranged an appointment at his tailors and invited Mycroft round to play
“You were used to keeping things hidden from someone living in the same house where privacy could not be assumed, not any more, though, for the past few months it’s been out on display. Conclusion you live alone now”
Aziraphale, who had been listening to Mycroft with increasing alarm, protested at the mention of capital punishment.
John took to searching the internet for even more unusual names, names like Roast-ribs, or Sheepshanks or Brooklyn but none of them were any good and in the end both John and his beloved were weary of the quest and decided to live as they were.
Sherlock waltzes through the hotel lobby and out in to the street, despite his rumpled clothes and day old stubble his general air of entitlement leaves him unchallenged.
Except to take it where. The field hospital is hardly the place for a secret assignation; it lacks the nooks and corners where such events can be accomplished in English hospitals. Without a sluice room or a doctors’ mess the lovers are forced into a supply tent at night, in winter, an unheated one at that.
He’s beginning to feel it, lightheaded, heart racing, a tremor in his left hand. The substance, blended by the surprisingly able Wiggins to Sherlock’s own specification is taking effect. He’s no wish to take his chances with the Serbians. If death is on the table he might as well make it Item One on the Agenda.
Until Sherlock had flounced into one crime scene too many, briefly looked her up and down and deduced in great detail and at volume her latest romantic misadventure. While Sally could have argued that Steve was already separated by the time they got together, it was a moot point, it hadn’t her taken long to realise the guy was a complete waste of space – no wonder his wife had left him.
Mrs Hudson looked wistful for a moment, “I had hoped that little Rosie would be here to help me but…”
As neither of them could think of anything to say to that, they sat in silence for a while until Aziraphale sighed loudly and said.
“Oh no, he went out not long after you did. He’s quite the gadabout these days, isn’t he? I hope you don’t mind but I had a quick peek, you are going to look so smart. I’m pleased the Inspector has gone for a lounge suit rather than morning dress, so much more appropriate for a fourth wedding, and you’ll be able to wear it again. Though I am not sure that Inspector Lestrade’s looks quite big enough across the chest.”
“Those fields belong to the farm.” Aveling replied, “But it is possible to walk along the bridle path to the main Mackleton road at the far side, I’ve done it myself when I have needed to catch the bus, it saves you quite a walk. It is rather like the short edge of an Isosceles triangle.”
They left her to cry herself out. John offered his handkerchief, but Mary found one of her own. Finally, she wiped her eyes and wailed, “I have been such a fool,” before sobbing for a little while longer.
“Are you in tonight?” John asked when Sherlock came off the phone. Sherlock looked at John as if he didn’t quite know who he was or what he was doing there, a look that was always a clear indication that Sherlock’s mind was elsewhere.
“My landlady has gone to fetch you a drink and something to eat. You should know better, in view of your diabetes, than to get up in the middle of the night and come racing down to London without any breakfast.”
Sherlock turned to the Inspector, “Once it is light we will see what evidence the garden has to offer but I am sure with the amount of rain we have had there will be ample signs that someone was outside the study window when the incident occurred.”
Sherlock changed into his own pyjamas, settled a cushion behind his head and lay down on John’s sofa with the blanket over his knees.  He fired up John’s laptop to check his emails, he still had the matter of the Ferrers Documents to work on, and he was monitoring the progress of the Abergavenny murder trial. He sent a couple of texts to Lestrade and an email to the barrister who was handling the Abergavenny defence. But worn out not only by the case, but also by reliving his exile, after an hour or so he turned out the light and slept.
Inside wasn’t much better. It might have been generously described as having retro charm, if you liked the 1970s and could stand the smell of mildew. The back room claimed an aquatic theme, though John suspected the water running down the walls was incidental rather than deliberate.
“Really?” Aziraphale’s eyes lit up and he smiled, but almost immediately his face fell again, “You would hate it, it isn’t the kind of music you like, your be-bop.”
“Go for it. If you can tell a software engineer by his tie and a pilot by his thumb, you would surely be able to tell a cat burglar by his walk and a murderer by her left ear. Invaluable to the police.”
“If I looked terrified it was because of the strength of my feelings… the moment we met I knew I never wanted you to go anywhere without me at your side.”
Sherlock took it, picked up a clean knife from the table and slit it open. He lay the page down flat where John could see it, and then took the letter Mary Sutherland had left with him and placed it next to it. She had done exactly as Sherlock had requested and had typed ‘the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog’ in upper and lower case plus a set of numerals and punctuation. Sherlock resisted a satisfied gloat as he swiftly perused the two pages and their envelopes.
“You must have been doing something right.” Crowley replied, “John Watson is still in a terrible mood according to his fiancée.”
The celebrant said something corny about the ‘new Mr and Mrs Holmes’ and the briefest of kisses took place. The string quartet burst into
“Excellent! That is settled then, and Rosie can wear her lilac velvet. It’s only a small do, just you and few close friends, and we’ve solved one problem for you, we’re not expecting gifts.”
“The explosion rocked the joists, the partition was unsound, the whole thing had to come down, and while it was down it seemed silly not to do the place up properly.”
The day wore on bringing a steady stream of holiday makers ready to consult the Great Nostradamo – Should I leave my husband? (
The soldier sat and watched the stranger and marvelled at his stillness, at his beauty and the way he had saved his life twice already; he thought he would be happy just to sit in the man’s presence for the rest of his life.
So far they’ve found the sun and sand and tonight they are hitting the bars looking to complete the hat trick.
Crowley ordered a beef madras and plain rice, while Janine introduced the other women in the party. They were Erica and Georgie the remaining bridesmaids, and Sophie, who had a small son who was resisting the draft as a page boy. Crowley rather liked the sound of Archie and said so.
“He was always pushing the limits of his endurance, there were always new mountains to climb, new seas to sail, new caverns to explore. I never really understood it, where he got his sense of adventure from; the bravest thing I ever do is ride a horse and my father was the same. Alex met Jo here, when he was staying with Mother at the Lodge, I was working in the city by then and our paths did not cross that often.
A seriously overworked and totally mystified DS Lestrade has finally buckled under the weight of Sherlock’s almost constant stream of texts
Sherlock conceded, “If they had a four by four, they could have got anywhere,” he spun on his heels a full circle and surveyed the landscape before saying softly, “Where would you hide a body round here?”
The Bentley braked suddenly causing both Sherlock and Aziraphale to lurch forward; when he had recovered, Sherlock continued.
Lestrade succeeded in sloping of early on Friday afternoon. It was a quiet day the end of a relatively quiet week. Lestrade wondered if Mycroft had taken time to arrange that to his advantage, if not, then whoever
“Not mine.” Mycroft replied. “Although as a precaution, I took DI Donovan into my confidence and you may have realised by now that Amy Smith is my employee. Had the weather improved before it did, they would have intervened.”
Early in their association Sherlock had unexpectedly warned Ralph Fell that his brother might kidnap him. Aziraphale had found the whole suggestion preposterous but had subsequently been aware that the CCTV cameras did seem to move on their own accord when he was in the street, and he had been conscious on more than one occasion of a car following him through Soho and had been forced to use his supernatural abilities to avoid any inconvenience. But this evening he took his hastily prepared sign and walked to the corner of Old Compton Street and stood, holding it, in full view of the CCTV cameras there. He realised he must look rather strange when a passer-by pressed a crumpled five-pound note into his hand, but just as he was beginning to wonder if he had miscalculated a sleek, black Daimler drew up at his side. Aziraphale got in.
“John, you should know that I don’t care about your sexual preferences. Do I really look like your average homophobic heterosexual man?”
“Of course! And I'm not… I’m… Fuck. Actually, that makes sense, doesn't it? Me. Being bisexual. Fuck.” The last “fuck” comes out as barely a whisper. Maybe it’s the sound of absolute realization. The moment when all pieces fall into place.
“I don’t… I’m not good at this, John. You know I can deduce that you’ve been walking through Hyde Park on your way back home based on the dirt on your shoes and the vegetation on your jacket and, but this? I can’t. Not with you.”
It doesn’t feel like defeat. Maybe it should, because this terribly pedestrian activity should be the last thing he wants. But it’s not. Sherlock already misses this. He knows that when John and Greg leave, they leave for good. They’re not actually friends, regardless of how much Sherlock wishes that to be the case. John and Greg are just nice. Of course they’d help him, but does it mean anything? No. These aren’t exactly circumstances for making friends. To John and Greg it’s a “You need help and I happened to be here” kind of thing. Like any social situation, the small talk is necessary to make everyone feel somewhat comfortable.
Suddenly, Sherlock is hit by a realization. He could confess, couldn’t he? After all he just happened to overhear the conversation. A conversation he has nothing to do with and shouldn’t have heard, yes, but also a conversation which he technically wouldn’t have any use for. John and Greg
“So, John, why don’t you tell us about how you and Sherlock met?” Mrs Holmes suggested as soon as the Christmas dinner had been served and the chatter had begun to die down around the table.
This was the coldest day so far since John and Sherlock has first arrived in the town, and the snow crunched underneath the two men’s feet as they walked in silence down the road. It was so freezing that Sherlock had even taken the time to attach the incredibly soft looking fur collar to his coat. John hadn’t had any specific route in mind when he’d prompted the walk, but Sherlock seemed to know where he was going, so John followed. As they reached the end of the street, Sherlock took a left, leading the two of them into a park turned immaculately white. Despite the hour of the day, the snow had been left untouched, completely free from the trails of children playing, or dogs being out on their afternoon walks.
“Nothing. Based on the way we’ve presented ourselves in the past, they’ve made the assumption that we’re dating, so clearly we’re already doing enough.”
Mr Holmes laughed a hearty laugh, playfully patting his son on the shoulder. Sherlock was visibly squirming in his seat, looking notably on edge, his eyes flickering between his parents. The gaze was penetrating, and John felt a subtle change in Sherlock’s mood. Was that anxiety? It was a change only he had seemed to have noticed, but then, John’s attention constantly seemed to find its way back to Sherlock. With a smile towards his friend that John hoped would come off as reassuring, he turned his attention back to Sherlock’s parents.
As Sherlock is putting out the fire, all that is heard from John’s flat are loud and rather concerned voices. John yells about his fear of being overheard. As if that would matter, Sherlock thinks. Greg fires back with “How can you
Like that, everything went on, and, to John’s relief, his and Sherlock’s relationship wasn’t brought up a single time by Mr and Mrs. Holmes. The act seemed to work almost better than John had anticipated, and when he brought it up to Sherlock later that night as they’d huddled up in bed, the man seemed more than content with the day.
Listening to Sherlock’s parents possibly make assumptions that John wished were true was one thing, but actually playing along? That would be too much involvement. Even though he technically wouldn’t be lying about anything if he did answer the question, John knew that he’d also confirm the assumptions, meaning there was no going back. He’d have to explain this to Sherlock. John felt the panic bubbling inside of him, and just like that, it didn’t matter if talking to Sherlock would make it all worse. He had to discuss this with him. Now.
Confrontation. Great. Just what John needed to boost his mood. An annoyed sigh escaped him as he crossed his arms.
“Really? You heard the conversation. She’s a control freak. And, um, look. I think there’s someone else. A guy.”
”Hey, we never went over exactly what we’re going to do. How do we act?” John whispered, careful to not let anyone but Sherlock hear what he was saying.
Sherlock blinked. Stayed like that for another five seconds. Then he shook his head and darted out of the room.
“Hey”, is all John says and eyes him up and down. Not in a judging manner but more in what could possibly be a concerned way.
“It’s been fine. Interesting. Nice sharing the Christmas spirit, you know” John replied as nonchalantly as he possibly could.
Looking back at this, Sherlock regretted his decision. If he hadn’t been so stupid, then maybe he wouldn’t have gotten himself in the situation he was in now. Without intending to do so, Sherlock had found himself unable to not care about everything John did. He began to notice which hours John left his flat, what his footsteps sounded like, hell, even what sort of food John cooked. Some might have called it a “crush”, which if confronted with, Sherlock would’ve denied immediately.
At this point, Sherlock almost feels invasive listening to this. How the hell is he supposed to look John in the eyes after hearing this? Since John moved in he’s proven to be the type of guy to force “neighbourly conversations” when meeting in the hallway. Sherlock can only imagine trying to have one of those conversations now.
“So when were you planning on coming back?” John replied, sounding slightly harsher than he’d intended to. “God, Sherlock, we need to talk about your parents.”
“What are you on about? I’m fine!”, John half yells, clearly not feeling fine, and a pause follows before John fires back again. “That’s not true! Mary, we went out last week. I do want to spend some time with my friends as well, you know.” A pause follows and John hums a little as Mary talks.
The face Sherlock made when his mother finally let go reminded John of the face of a teenager embarrassed by their parents.
The kitchen table is a state of absolute chaos. Foam from the fire extinguisher covers the table like a thin layer of snow, half-burnt pieces of paper are lying scattered all over the kitchen and the smell, the smell is awful. The odor of chemicals that have been on fire for way too long is filling up the flat, making every breath feel like you’re directly inhaling poison. God, Sherlock really needs to open up a window to get some airflow in here. As he gets up, a harsh knocking on his door is heard. Sherlock knows exactly who’s standing behind that door, and he hates himself for not resisting the temptation to open it.
“That’s Mary, John’s girlfriend. Or at least I think she still is.”, he whispers. “They got together a few weeks ago, but it’s just been horrible.”
Mycroft. Two thin, long legs dressed in a pair of very expensive striped suit pants stepped into the room. Mycroft eyed John up and down, not moving a muscle in his critical face as he shut the door behind him. There weren’t many things that made John feel uneasy, but Mycroft definitely held a high placement on the list of The Very Few Things That Makes John’s Body Drain From Warmth And Color. When John eventually met the much taller man’s eyes, his mouth curled into an ominous smirk.
John snorted at Sherlock’s reply, but it didn’t stop his mind racing. The one bed meant that Sherlock’s parents intended for them to share it. To be fair, the bed was of an adequate size to fit two grown men, but it was certainly not larger than that. Sharing it with Sherlock would inevitably include numerous incidents of accidental touching, and the amounts of shared body heat would be massive. The room itself was rather minimalistic, and had no other furniture that could substitute for a bed, so John knew there was no way of getting around this. Tonight was undoubtedly going to be interesting.
“We don’t have to. If it makes you… uncomfortable.” Sherlock murmured, and John could see the uncertainty in his eyes.
And with that, it had been decided that John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were now in a relationship. Or at least a pretend one. John thought about it for a moment as he and the detective laid in silence. He probably should have asked what this would include. Touching? Hugging? Kissing? John opened his mouth to discuss this, but shut it again, realizing that, just as he’d said, he’d survived tonight, and regardless what was ahead of him, it surely couldn’t get worse.
“John” Sherlock began, carefully observing his fingers that were playing with the blanket. “I should probably have let you in on this, even though I initially thought it would be fine. At least they’d promised not to be so up in our faces about it.”
“I agree” Sherlock sighed, sounding almost… disappointed? John looked at him, desperately wishing he could tell what the man, who was being just as difficult to read as ever, was thinking. Their eyes met. “So, is this where the act ends?”
John smiles. A sign of relief? Happiness? Secondhand embarrassment? It’s absolutely illegible. Reading John should be easy, and yet here he is, trembling with anxiety because he can’t. With John, even the most obvious things become puzzles - mysteries to solve, and Sherlock can’t figure them out. He wishes he could get involved so badly, but maybe it’s this that’s stopping him? The lack of control. The amount of caring he is actually capable of. In the middle of his absolute state of bewilderment, John opens his mouth to utter the simplest, but most important word that has been spoken tonight.
John stared furiously at his phone. Had it been a bad decision? He bit his lip, and just as he was about to put away the phone, it vibrated.
“My parents have been nagging me for years about how lonely I am. Always going on about how I need to find someone and how happy I’d be if I did. And then I told them about you. When we first met.”
About twenty minutes later, Sherlock, wearing his navy blue shirt, and John found themselves at the kitchen table with a massive breakfast prepared by Mrs Holmes in front of them.
He bent down to pick up his phone, which had thankfully landed with the screen facing down and therefore saved John from having to explain to Sherlock’s parents why he had faked the phone call. When John raised to his full height again, he was met with a puzzled Sherlock. The man opened his mouth, and John could only hear the beginning of a “
9:03 AM. Probably time to get up. With only about six hours of sleep, the thought of doing so was somewhat painful, but as soon as John remembered what was ahead of him, the mixture of excitement and anxiety was too much to keep him in bed. Filled with new energy, he began to untangle himself from Sherlock’s body that seemed to have attached itself permanently to John. It was during this that John felt the man move. The arm that previously had been holding on to John’s torso now made its way towards the detective’s face, slowly brushing the unruly curls out of his eyes. He sighed, and suddenly his entire body went stiff. Maybe he’d just had the same realization as John. That this was happening. John hoped he wasn’t too horrified.
was Sherlock’s mother? The woman in front of John looked like any old woman with her gray hair and kind eyes. Certainly not some sort of emotionless mad genius.
John was nearly out of the room, just about to pass through the door frame, when the sound of his phone hitting the floor was heard as something collided straight into his body, nearly causing him to fall over. As John turned his head, he discovered the only person who was not in the room - Sherlock, who probably looked just as dizzy as John after the rather violent crash.
How the hell were you supposed to reply to that? John knew he was probably just as, if not even more, confused than Mrs Holmes, and was absolutely clueless as to how he was supposed to talk about a relationship that wasn’t even a thing. He couldn’t tell her the truth, but lying was arguably worse. It would be to dig himself, and Sherlock, into a massive hole. He couldn’t put that pressure on Sherlock, could he? Still, they’d be going home in two days, and both men knew where the mistletoe was located now. Sherlock couldn’t possibly have missed the fact that his parents were convinced the relationship between him and John was of a romantic nature. A selfish part of John also recognized this as his only chance to, for just two days, actually experience what he’d been dreaming about.
John could feel his face drop in shock. Do nothing? Was Sherlock actively trying to ruin Christmas? Nothing was by far the worst possible solution to this. John sighed.
It was impossible that Mrs Hudson would be awake at this hour, and besides, Sherlock knew she’d never creep up on him like this. If it had been her, he would’ve heard her talking long before she’d entered the hallway. No, it must’ve been someone else, and that left Sherlock with only one candidate. Slowly, he turned towards the door on the first floor that had  “J. Watson” written on the label, and his theory was not to be proven wrong.
“I’m sorry?”, Sherlock breathes, barely able to process what’s going on. They’re really doing this, aren’t they?. If John is trying to make him say what Sherlock think John is trying to make him say then this is… good?
For the past couple of days, no one except Sherlock, who for the record never would think of knocking, had entered the room. John stared expectantly at the door as the person on the other side opened it.
As they moved inside, taking off their coats, another person appeared in the hallway. This time a man, about the same age as Mrs Holmes, with glasses hanging around his neck and an apron tied around his waist. John could only presume this was Mr Holmes, looking equally as commonplace as his wife - in a good way, of course. The fears of a nightmare holiday had at this point been blown out of the window. If Sherlock’s parents were anywhere near as nice as they looked, this weekend was probably going to be fine, if not even enjoyable.
“But you were planning to keep me in the dark?” John asked with the hint of a grin, his hands playing absently with a coffee stained napkin on the table between them.
Still, John couldn’t complain about his whereabouts. This was nice. The picturesque little countryside town gave off a cozy vibe with its elegant lamp posts and colorful Christmas decorations that reminded John of the excitement Christmas used bring when he was very little. It was soothing, walking down a quiet street with a person that meant the world to John, knowing they were going to spend this holiday together, and almost for a second forgetting the horrors that may lie in front of him. John sighed as he waited for the taxi he and Sherlock had ordered, and watched as his breath formed a tiny cloud in front of him.
“Not all of it. Parts. I wasn’t actively listening, so all of it didn’t come through”, he lies unconvincingly, rushing through the sentence in panic.
The moment John dared to look up at Sherlock, he saw how the man’s green eyes were sparkling, and John could feel the smile spreading across his own face as he stared right into them.
Apart from Mrs Holmes’ remark, dinner was enjoyable with delicious food and good company. Of course, the two brothers’ never ending dispute was as ongoing as ever, but with the exception of that, time passed quickly, and soon John found himself forgetting the uncomfortableness he’d felt earlier that night. He was enjoying himself, and had come to fully accept that Sherlock’s parents were just over all kind, and rather pleasant people to talk to. That was, until the topic about John and Sherlock’s relationship came up again.
When Sherlock meets John’s eyes, he sees what settles it. The final nail in the coffin. John’s pupils are dilated as his eyes focus intensely on Sherlock. Dilated pupils. A sign of mydrais, drug usage, concussion, but also
There was no doubt that Mycroft knew. The man knew way too much about Sherlock and John’s private life already, and he’d be the first person to know if any developments had occured in their relationship. Actually, John was pretty damn sure that if they’d actually gotten their relationship sorted out sooner, he would’ve been pulled into a car by one of Mycroft’s goons to be given the “Hurt my brother and you’ll end up dead on the bottom of the ocean”-talk right as him and Sherlock would pull away from their first kiss. Point was, Mycroft knew of the situation, and was probably getting some twisted sort of entertainment out of tormenting John about it.
, and these suspicions were confirmed the first night. Mistletoe and all. Since I know for a fact that my brother and you aren’t romantically involved, realising Sherlock was up to something was child’s play”
“I overheard you”, Sherlock says, refusing to look at Greg and John. “I was awake doing my little experiment and I heard you talking through the floor.”
“Perhaps for this very reason.” Sherlock chimed in. “We don’t need you interrogating him at every given possibility”
There’s something about John’s expression that makes it impossible for Sherlock to look away. His brows are furrowed, which could be out of stress since his relationship is in fact falling apart, but no, it’s not that. The way John keeps rubbing his face, tapping his index finger on the table and rolling his eyes say something else. If only he could hear what the conversation was about. Apparently he must be looking terribly confused, because as soon as Sherlock manages to turn his gaze away from John, Greg meets his eyes and immediately begins explaining the situation.
Sherlock hummed in response as he picked up his phone from the bedside table. The room went quiet, and John reached for the light switch. The two men were embedded in darkness apart from the dimmed ice blue light that was cast upon Sherlock’s face. John watched his friend blink at the screen in front of him for a minute or two before deciding to leave Sherlock to it and go to sleep. A couple of minutes later, some rummaging was heard, soon followed by two light buzzes from Sherlock’s phone. John opened his eyes just a little, squinting drowsily at the dark figure beside. Not long after, the figure was lightly snoring.
Slowly, John began to see where this was going. He hoped he didn’t, but ultimately, this could only go in one direction.
It’s the sound of footsteps. More importantly, footsteps that are moving into John’s flat. Sherlock’s focus is instantly changed to the noises, and after listening carefully for a few seconds he realizes that the thuds coming from the hallway are way too many and simply too different from each other to be just one person. John and a girlfriend perhaps? No, both voices sound male. So a friend. Judging by the giggling and occasionally clumsy steps, they’re probably drunk, or at least somewhat tipsy. Most likely the result of a night out. Before Sherlock has time to make any further deductions a loud fizz erupts from the experiment that’s in front of him, causing his focus to retreat to what he was doing. Getting distracted from dangerous experiments might not be such a good idea.
“Um”, Sherlock began, but didn’t get the time to follow it up with a quick “I’m fine” and then proceed to move on with his life before he was interrupted by Watson.
Should he move? Wake up Sherlock? Leave him and get in the shower? John stared down on the other man’s hair and was hit by a sudden urge to touch it. Run his fingers through it and find out if it was just as soft as it looked. The urge was resisted. It was nice though, being close like this, wrapped up in each other’s warmth and just existing. John rubbed his tired eyes and unlocked his numb right arm from where it had been trapped underneath Sherlock’s shoulder. After letting the blood return to the arm, he grasped his phone.
“I thought I heard someone outside!” the woman exclaimed enthusiastically whilst practically pulling Sherlock inside by the collar of his coat to give him a tight hug. “We haven’t seen you in ages, Sherlock. I keep telling you, you really should come around more often!”
There was something about how fast, almost too fast, Sherlock answered. The way he rapidly turned his head towards John, and the desperate look in his eyes. It was strange. This man never tiptoed around anything, and never missed an opportunity to correct someone who was wrong. So what was different now?
“That’s not the point I’m trying to make!” John hissed, trying to keep his voice down. “Four years, Sherlock! God, they’re probably wondering why we aren’t engaged yet”
“I’m sorry, what?”, Sherlock said, and was for a second left completely clueless to what was going on before he realized that he had, in fact, been staring. Great. As Sherlock was pulled back into reality, he also came to the unpleasant realization that this whole meeting was definitely going to make him, whose cheeks were now burning with embarrassment, come off as even more of a weirdo.
After taxi ride that had felt like an eternity, Sherlock could finally make his way into 221B’s hallway. The fresh wounds ached tremendously, and with every step he took, a throb of pain was sent through his body, making it awfully hard to move quietly through the room. His deep breaths and heavy footsteps were the complete opposite of what Sherlock needed right now, as he knew he had to be very careful not to wake up Mrs Hudson - the landlady.
As they came closer and closer towards the Holmes residence, so did the fact that John was about to face his fears, and he could feel himself growing more apprehensive with every turn the cab took. Sherlock didn’t comment, but John noticed the detective rolling his eyes at his own reflection in the car window when his friend, at first, unconsciously began tapping his finger on the car seat. Slowly, the landscape outside of the window began to change, becoming more countryside than town, with bigger and fancier houses. Finally, the car started slowing down in front of one of the houses. It was one of the bigger buildings in the area, with bright brick walls and large windows with warm light scintillating out of them. A narrow path had been shoveled into existence from the road to the door, and in the deep snow surrounding the path, the top straws of a group of dormant plants peeked up, hinting at a garden. The house seemed completely normal - no ominous mansion with moats or towers at all. I fact, it even felt inviting.
“Are you sure? It’s just - and please tell me if I’m being intrusive now - but I can’t help but worry about how things are between you and Sherlock. You both seemed so… stiff earlier. Are you sure everything is okay?” she asked.
“John, I don’t want there to be any misunderstanding here. My intentions are good. Just remember to tread carefully. But please, do what is right.”
“How… how much did you hear, Sherlock? Because I know you’re like, brilliant. Really brilliant. You know stuff by just looking.”, John asks slowly, clearly choosing his word very carefully. He swallows before he continues. “Or hearing.”
There was not a chance in hell they were going to miss their train and yet here they were, fifteen minutes behind their schedule, all because Sherlock Holmes had decided that it was crucial that his navy blue shirt that just so happened to be lost had to come along on the trip. John admitted that it was a very nice shirt, but this time Sherlock’s need to look well-dressed was becoming a serious threat. After glaring up the staircase again in the hopes of seeing his friend, John pulled up his phone from his back pocket, checked the time, and proceeded to start tapping his foot on the ground. Just as he was about to shout for the detective one more time, a tall and lanky figure burst out of the door on the first floor, trying his best to wrap himself up in his big wool coat while taking two, possibly even three, bungling steps at the time down the staircase, all with a big bag slung over his shoulder.
“There was a fire?”, John asks as he moves further into the kitchen. He picks up a wet piece of paper, looks at it, puts it back down. “Do you need help cleaning this up?”
“How would you say things have been going this weekend John?” Mycroft asked knowingly as he strolled over to one of the chairs to sit down. “Is it just as lovely as you’d imagined?”
Maybe it was rude, but panic has a astounding ability to cripple one’s rational thinking. John began to search through his pockets until he fished out his phone, carefully hiding the pitch black screen from Mr Holmes.
. The kiss tasted like the dessert that had been served earlier that day, and John couldn’t get enough, but before he had the time to truly take in that
“Stop worrying” Sherlock blurted out to John’s surprise. “You spent an extra five minutes getting ready this morning, and checked yourself in the mirror twice before you left the flat. Don’t worry.”
After agreeing to go out for dinner that night with the whole family, John found himself waiting for his food while absently stroking Sherlock’s hand at one of the local restuarants in the town. This all felt so real, terrifyingly so. It had all gone so fast. A couple of hours ago, even letting his hand rest on Sherlock’s shoulder felt scary, almost forbidden, and here he was now, holding the man’s hand without a second thought, as if this was something they did on the regular. As if they really were together. The sudden realization made John want to pull his hand away, because this wasn’t real after all. Tomorrow they would go back to Baker Street, and all of this would stop.
The men appear to stay quiet for a few seconds, but the silence is soon disturbed by a ringtone way too cheery to be coming from Sherlock’s phone that is heard throughout the flat. John curses.
The rest of the train ride was spent in silence, leaving John to switch between dozing off every now and then, and continue to observe the landscape. Things were good. Really good. John smiled at Sherlock’s reflection in the window. Whatever it was they were getting themselves into, it was good.
“No, we’re not. Turns out your mother thinks we’re a bit ‘stiff’, for some inexplicable reason. She pulled me aside, Sherlock, because she was worried this-” John gestured between himself and Sherlock. “wasn’t ending well! How bad would it be if we told them the truth?”
With that, Mrs Holmes wished him goodnight as John got up from the sofa and made his way out of the room, exiting through the very door frame which he had kissed Sherlock Holmes underneath earlier that night. John climbed the stairs up to the second floor, once again considering texting Sherlock. Was he even planning on coming back? No, that was stupid. Of course he would. Despite how much Sherlock seemed to dislike his family and silly Christmas celebrations, John had seen love in the man’s eyes as he was reunited with his family, and he knew that Sherlock wasn’t some sort of Christmas hating Grinch. He’d come back. Eventually.
His pulse instantly picked up as the thought crossed his mind. He could do it. He could just head downstairs, find Sherlock and
Abruptly, Sherlock went quiet as he shoved some eggs into his mouth. Confused, John met the man’s eyes as he subtly nodded his head towards the door. In an attempt to be discreet, John slowly looked over his shoulder to discover Mrs Holmes heading into the kitchen with a smile on her face that felt way too cheery for the situation, even though she was unaware of it. Before John had the time to ask what the plan was, Sherlock’s had laid his big hand on top of John’s free hand that had been resting on the table.
“See this as a bit of a warm up for the rest of the weekend” Sherlock said eventually, with a smile that never quite reached his eyes, and turned his back to the bed to start getting dressed. John himself climbed out from where he was lying underneath the cover, grabbed some clothes and headed for the shower.
He’s not wrong. Even though the smell has began to disperse it lingers subtly in the air, and when a waft of air that makes Sherlock’s nose tickle hits him, he’s reminded of the fact that a window needs to be opened. With a “just a moment” to John and Greg, Sherlock strides across the room to finally get some fresh air into the flat. Somehow though, the two men at his door takes this as an invitation to step inside and take a good look around the flat, which makes sense, because 221B truly is a lot. There’s stuff in every corner of the flat. Stuff that ranges from the most ordinary things like coffee cups and books to human skulls and crime scene evidence that Sherlock really shouldn’t be keeping. And then there’s the kitchen. The kitchen hasn’t been touched since the fire was put out, and the table is now overflowing with extinguisher foam that’s slowly starting to drip down on the floor. Sherlock notices how John’s eyes lock on it.
It would make sense. The deductions suggest it, and Sherlock knows he’s not dumb. He’s a detective for a reason. His methods work.
“I- Um. He… Sherlock-” he stammered, taken aback by the question that he definitely wasn’t ready to answer.
Nodding and smiling, John opened up his medical kit and began to examine Sherlock. Something in his eyes and tone had changed, as though he’d just transformed from 2 AM John with tousled hair into the Super Serious Dr John Watson taking care of his patient. At once John’s eyes locked on Sherlock’s lower body.
Sherlock furrows his brows. What’s not the end of the world? Clearly John is concerned about something. Something serious, that he still can’t help laughing at. Or maybe that’s just the alcohol laughing. If Sherlock hadn’t been to straved on data on John, he probably wouldn’t have cared, but he finds himself
“Shit! Sorry, I know it hurts.”, John yelped. “Actually, give me a second and I’ll fetch something cold for you to put on that”.
No question, no matter how delicately phrased, could possibly convey “Do you think Sherlock and I are dating?” without having a horrendous outcome. Have them say yes, and awkwardly have to explain how that was, in fact, not the case and possibly upset both parents, or have them say no and plant the idea in their head. John glanced over at Sherlock and managed to catch the man’s eye. Talking to Sherlock would possibly just make it even worse, so that was a no. He couldn’t talk to Sherlock about this. Sherlock blinked at John, who met him with an innocent smile and turned back to his food.
“I’ve really fucked up now, haven’t I? Greg, I was planning to break up with her! I can’t just do that after saying something like that. I’d look like the biggest arsehole ever!”
“What do you want?” John asked, trying to contain his irritation, though not being able to stop the frown on his face.
Sherlock ransacked his brain for for subjects. None seemed good enough. He glanced at John, who was busying himself with carefully putting a compress on a wound on Sherlock’s hip. Perhaps John didn’t want to talk at all. Perhaps it was better to just stay quiet. Actually, yes. After evaluating the outcome of staying quiet versus making stiff small talk, the safest option was to just shut up, so that’s what he did.
No more words were uttered after this, and John found himself drifting off to sleep almost immediately to sound of the whining snowstorm outside and the soothing breaths from his friend.
The bedroom door slowly swung open and revealed a dark figure that John would recognize anywhere by its height and large mop of hair. The figure did a surprisingly good job at silently shutting the door again, clearly not having noticed that John was awake. He rummaged through his coat that smelled strongly of damp wool and pulled out his phone, using the illuminated screen as a soft light to guide him through the pitch black room. John reached for the lamp switch on the bedside table.
Process what? The fact that his kitchen almost caught on fire? No, he’s used to that. What Sherlock really needs to process is John. John and everything John has said tonight. It’s too much to take in. John has made out with a man. John has a crush on a man. John likes men.
Watson’s flat was… something. Sherlock guessed that the best way to describe it would be as an organized mess. The living room was a cluster of moving supplies that Sherlock assumed Watson just hadn’t bothered to take care of. In a corner beside the sofa, several cardboard boxes filled to the extreme with books, and what looked like winter clothing had been stuffed. Closer to the kitchen, some empty, flattened boxes were leaning against the wall, and inside the kitchen itself was a smallish table which surface seemed to be a mixture of a regular kitchen and a study zone. Still, the flat managed to make a surprisingly cozy impression with its dimmed lighting and warm colors.
Sherlock had already located an ugly blue chair standing in the corner if the room, right next to the sofa with all the boxes, and moved over there. As he was waiting, he listened to Watson opening cabinets in what he presumed was the bathroom. Seconds later the man was back in the sitting room.
“So…?”, John begins, and Sherlock becomes shockingly aware of how long he’s been quiet. “I was sort of hoping you’d maybe… I don’t know.”
“It just felt right to kiss him.”, John says and Sherlock’s heart skips a beat as a million questions begin to form in his head.
Greg just blinks, completely taken aback. Tries to say something. Fails. John undoubtedly notices that something’s up, eyes panicking.
“John?” Sherlock replied, looking as though he couldn’t believe John had caught him in the act. “I assumed you would be asleep.”
Greg is friendly, but it stops there. He has never shown any sign of interest in Sherlock - that’s obvious, but John? The way he looks at Sherlock sometimes can’t be just friendly. He stares, there’s no denying in it. John does what Greg does not. He stares in a way that just friends don’t stare at each other, gives too many pats on the shoulder, and maybe, just maybe waits a bit too long before letting go of the towel he’s just handed Sherlock.
Sherlock was quick to exit the cab, leaving John to pay as he listened to the snow crunching underneath Sherlock’s feet as he made his way up the path. Soon John could join him at the door that was decorated with a wreath. Both men stood in silence for a moment. John looked up at his taller friend and found the man smiling, making John unable to not beam back.
“Hey! Yeah, we were just checking up on you. That noise did sound rather worrying.”, Greg says, a little out of breath after hurrying up the stairs to Sherlock’s flat, and peeks into the sitting room. “It looks fine in here though. What happened?”
Sherlock then tilted his head upwards, so that he could face the man he’d been crushing overnight. He blinked, as if taking his time to really make sure he wasn’t dreaming. The moment he came to the conclusion that that wasn’t the case, his eyes widened.
“John?” Sherlock croaked as his hands reached towards his hair to reposition some curls that had fallen out of place.
And like that, the topic of the conversation changed, transpiring into a analysis of Mycroft’s life, complete with a number of suggested improvements. Although the detective had distanced himself entirely from the conversation, John did notice how the right corner of Sherlock’s mouth seemed to have turned up just a little. As Mycroft finally managed to steer the subject of the conversation away from himself, John’s uneasiness began to dissipate, the worries being tucked away in his brain. It was going to be alright. John looked at his watch, noting that it was merely two hours until they’d have to leave.
It probably takes a solid minute before either of them actually decides to let go, and even if the embrace is over, John doesn’t entirely let go, letting his hand rest comfortably on Sherlock’s shoulder. As a matter of fact, it feels natural, as if this is how it’s supposed to be, and Sherlock finds himself leaning into the touch. It’s outright preposterous to think that this seemingly disastrous night would lead up to this, and Sherlock can admit that with this beginning, who knows how it’ll progress in the future. Something he does know though, is that whatever the future holds for him, he’s not afraid of it anymore.
“Did you really expect me to not notice?” John asked hours later when the two men were sitting inside a warm train on their way back to London. “I mean, you said your parents had promised to tone down their… enthusiasm, but
With the sudden realization of what he just did crashing down on him, Sherlock feels his face go beet red. He opens his mouth to say... nothing, because how the
Sherlock swallows. Some help would indeed be nice, because there’s not a chance in hell that he’s going to let the flat look like this when Mrs Hudson comes up with his tea the next morning. It’s a wonder that the explosion didn’t wake her up too. Sherlock doesn’t even dare thinking about the chaos that would’ve erupted if his usually sweet, but also very protective, landlady would’ve gotten the opportunity to say something about this.
“Sorry, by the way, I haven’t even had the time to introduce myself. John Watson”. Watson, or, well, John, reached out his hand to shake Sherlock’s. Sherlock grabbed it and gave a firm shook.
There in the doorway, the silhouette of J. Watson was standing, softly illuminated by the lights inside of the flat. Sherlock couldn’t quite figure out whether the neighbour was judging him or if he was simply shocked by Sherlock’s current state, which, to be fair, was below the lowest of standards. Sherlock had seen his reflection in the cab on his way back, and knew he was not a pretty sight.
, and just like that, the moment was over. A fiercely blushing Sherlock removed his somewhat shaky hands and pulled back with his mouth slightly open in bewilderment. He said nothing.
An hour went by. Two hours went by, and John had begun to accept that Sherlock wasn’t coming back in the near future. Since the man had left, John had closed himself off in an armchair with a glass of wine that had been finished a long time ago, leaving John to stare into the fireplace. He was quiet, probably quieter than usual, but he couldn’t help it. This evening just seemed to be getting worse. John glanced at his phone that was lying on the coffee table. Should he text Sherlock? His hand reached for the phone, unlocked it and clicked on “messages”. Apart from an actual Christmas text from Harry - nothing. John tapped on Sherlock’s name and began to type out a message.
It’s understandable that John doesn’t sound too excited when he picks up. His voice sounds as if it’s on the verge of shaking. The man must be panicking, and Mary notices.
John just laughs, and Sherlock finds himself letting out a muffled rumble of laughter, as he refuses to unbury his face from John’s chest. They
right, but the fact that he, nor any other family member, had used any specific term to define Sherlock and John’s relationship made John squirm uncomfortably in his seat. It was almost as if they wanted to keep him anxiously waiting for them to reveal what they really thought was going on. Were they friends or lovers? John himself could barely tell anymore.
By the time John was back, the moment, or whatever that had been, was over, and both men grew quiet, leaving Sherlock with plenty of time to analyze the situation while pressing a package of frozen chicken to the large bruise on his abdomen. Had John seen through Sherlock’s lie and realized the true intentions behind the staring, and if so, had that made John uncomfortable? John’s face was impossible to read. He focused entirely on taking care of the wounds now, not meeting Sherlock’s gaze at all. On second thought, John had gone terribly quiet, hadn’t he? Of course. Sherlock recognized this scenario too well. Had he gone too far with the deductions? There was always the possibility that John had become completely agitated and decided that the best solution would be to just stop everything. The conversation, the friendly looks - all of that. That’s what people did when they were uncomfortable, right? A sudden urge to do something, just
“I’m curious. What makes you different?” Mr Holmes suddenly asked, sounding eager as ever, and John could feel his skin turn pale.
“It’s beautiful out here” John finally said, breaking the silence as he let his gaze linger on a frozen pond, almost entirely covered by snow.
Sherlock’s parents were lovely. They absolutely were. Wonderful, kind and thoughtful people, but when Mrs Holmes threw things like that out with Mr Holmes nodding in agreement, John really, really wished they cared just a little less. Bracing himself for what was about to come, he put his teacup back into the saucer and took a deep breath.
“Stop laughing Greg, this is serious!”, a voice that definitely belongs to John shouts, even though he’s clearly trying his best to keep his voice down, and despite what he just said, dissolves into giggles the second he’s finished speaking.
As if that wasn’t enough, there was also some sort of underlying threat in the conversation - how Mycroft had kept telling John to make the right decisions, think about the consequences, not break anyone’s heart. That thought was unpleasant. Breaking someone’s heart. Breaking Sherlock’s heart? It was these questions that made John hopelessly sink down on the bed. Sherlock was fragile, indeed. When John had first started to get to know his friend, he’d been told countless of times that this man had neither feelings nor compassion. That he was the sociopath he would sometimes still claim to be, but as time went on, John slowly began to see something different behind that facade. It was someone that was the complete opposite of a sociopath. Sherlock himself would never agree with that, but John knew it was there. It was there in the way Sherlock would softly play the violin during those nights that left John awake for hours, how he’d pretend to despise John’s blog, only to be the first person to read the posts, and in all of those small things that John couldn’t tell if Sherlock was aware of doing.
“Oh, well, yes, if it’s not too much of a trouble”, Sherlock says and holds John’s gaze for just a fraction of a second before switching his focus to the kitchen table. Anything to hide just the slightest tint of pink that may be appearing on his cheeks.
“Yeah. I wasn’t really convinced that it was a crush because, you know, I didn’t even know I liked guys, but fuck, after tonight I’m convinced.”
John let out a breath that he didn’t know he’d been holding, and leaned in closer towards his friend.
The situation is a mess. A big mess, and Sherlock is lacking whatever tool that is needed to understand how it ended up like this. If only he hadn’t left his experiment unattended! An opportunity to talk to John really isn’t worth this. Couldn’t he just have worked up the bloody courage needed to just talk to John in the hallway instead? Sherlock eyes his surroundings. There’s John, standing by the table, looking as though his deepest and darkest secret has been revealed, Greg right beside him with his his mouth open, watching everything unfold, and Sherlock himself? He’s baffled. Purely baffled at how all of this could happen.
Lovely? There was absolutely nothing lovely about this whole situation, if not… It felt as though the world was moving in slow motion as John tilted his head upwards. There, hung in the door frame with a red ribbon, it was. It only took John a short glance towards the sitting room to know that everyone’s heads were turned towards them, staring in anticipation.
Sherlock took a deep breath, as if bracing himself for the reaction to whatever he was about to say.
It all starts off kind of awkward, as any social situation between strangers would, with most conversation consisting of simple and necessary lines such as “Can you hand me a towel?” followed by a “Here you go” and “Thanks”, but as soon Greg picks up a bunsen burner that reminds him of a funny anecdote from his lab classes in school, the awkwardness seems to perish out of the window along with the other suffocating substances in the air. It really isn’t that bad, and to his own surprise, Sherlock finds himself laughing hysterically at Greg’s way too over exaggerated movements as he tells the story.
Perhaps it was a childish reaction, but John couldn’t help to feel as though it was somewhat unfair of Sherlock to not help him tackle this. After all, it was his bloody parents. Knowing him, he’d undoubtedly already deduced how his parents felt about this, and if he’d only been here he’d probably been able to divert the conversation by now. John helplessly scanned the room for his friend, but alas. The only other signs of life in the lounge was Mrs Holmes talking to a clearly bored Mycroft at a table across the room. Where on Earth had the man gone?
“I mean it. He seems so much happier around you, and I truly can’t understand why he’s kept you from meeting us for so long.”
Before John had the time to question Sherlock about whether or not it was a common occurrence that Sherlock timed how long he spent in the shower, Sherlock pulled out his phone which he began to type away furiously at, clearly not wanting to be disturbed any longer. The two men grew quiet, and as the cab began driving towards Waterloo Station, John was confident in the fact that the following train ride would give him plenty of time to overthink the situation, despite Sherlock’s assurances.
Greg catches John’s eye, and they just stare at each other. With wide eyes and a nod towards Sherlock, Greg manages to get some sort of message through to John. It’s as if the man is telling his friend to say something. Do something about this situation. John clears his throat. Stays quiet. Clears his throat again, and this time he looks at Sherlock, right in the eyes, and Sherlock finds himself too mesmerized to look away.
John felt his eyebrows furrow in surprise as he stared at his friend, completely unable to understand what he was doing. Sherlock only apologized when he was aware that he’d done something really bad. Something that had really hurt others, and usually the apology itself never came before John had pointed out that the amends were absolutely necessary. Sherlock pressed his lips together before continuing, staring down at the white ground where he was busying himself with kicking a small pit into it.
“My brother is fragile, John, and it is of the utmost importance that he stays stable. You if anyone should know this.” he said, without taking his eyes off of John for even a split second. “I’ll admit that I was fairly surprised to find out about this game he’s been playing, but-”
Without saying a word, Sherlock took off the coat he’d been wearing ever since he left his own flat earlier today. He watched as John raised his eyebrows.
Slowly, Sherlock removed himself from John, who could detect a slight tint of red on his friend cheeks. To be fair, he probably didn’t look less embarrassed himself. He sat up and stretched out with a tired groan. Were they going to address this? John thought of something to say, just anything to break the silence so they could move on, but never got the time when Sherlock saw his puzzled face.
“Wait a minute, how long have you known?” he asked, shocked at the idea of Sherlock being able to keep this big of a secret from his own brother
There was in this moment it began to dawn on John that it was actually Christmas. It was Christmas, and not only was he going to spend it with Sherlock, but with him and the man’s family. A family he had never met, and had no idea what they’d think of him, let alone what they expected him to be like. When John had voiced his concerns to Sherlock two weeks earlier, the night when the invitation first had arrived, he’d simply shrugged and brushed it off with an unbothered “it’ll be fine”, and turned his attention back to the experiment he’d been conducting. John knew it was not going to be fine. For all he knew, Sherlock’s parents could be anybody, and judging by their sons, John almost feared them, having created a mental image of two absolutely terrifying geniuses who probably reproduced asexually. No, this was not good, and as if meeting the parents wasn’t bad enough, meeting the parents during Christmas added a whole new layer of pressure.
It’s too late when Sherlock realizes that there are tears in his eyes, because John has already noticed. He doesn’t say anything, just gives Sherlock a reassuring smile and pulls him close. Sherlock is too overwhelmed to even move at first, but soon he finds himself wrapping his arms arounds John’s warm body, feeling safe. Calm and secure, like he belongs there.
John saw flashbacks from the past couple of days. Holding Sherlock’s hand, staring into his eyes for a long, long time, absently caressing his leg under a table - all of that. All of those things that were supposed to end now that the act was over. But they weren’t going to. Idiots, that’s what they were.
“But I’m not gay.”, John says in what almost sounds like despair. Sherlock nods, pleased with himself. That confirms the latter theory.
Sherlock listens closely as Greg tries to talk some sense into his friend, mentioning that John should sleep on the matter and simply think all of this through tomorrow. If Sherlock’s deductions are correct, there are two possible scenarios. John is either worried that the person he kissed won't feel the same, or he has just had his first experience with a man which has left him perplexed.
John’s penetrating gaze is enough to blast Sherlock back to reality. He’s expecting an answer. The mere thought of what John may or may not say is enough for Sherlock to stay silent. Slowly his head nods. He did hear what John said.
So he opens the door, and finds a John Watson standing there, looking like a god with his stupid blonde hair and stupid smile that makes Sherlock’s stomach do tiny little flips. John looks amazing. He is amazing. And Sherlock is opening the door for him, dressed in what’s definitely not his best outfit.
“I can’t describe how soothing it is to know that Sherlock has finally settled down with someone, and you seem like a nice chap.” Mr Holmes said after shaking John’s hand, sounding completely content with what he was saying.
“Nothing in particular. I’m just hoping you’ve thought this through. Both of you. Wouldn’t want to go around breaking anyone’s heart.”
Sherlock chuckles, because John is right, and it almost feels as though John is someone that knows him for real. So he thinks for a while, carefully choosing a story that’s going to make John laugh and Sherlock’s stomach flutter. Finally, he finds the perfect anecdote and can begin telling the dramatic story of the time he, on complete accident, blew a hole through a table during one of his chemistry lessons in sixth form. To Sherlock’s great pleasure, John and Greg seem unable to stop laughing as Sherlock describes the horrifying look on his former professor’s face, and as Sherlock talks, a sudden warmth has slowly began spreading all throughout his body.
It’s embarrassing, really embarrassing to stand in front of John Watson looking like this. It’s their first proper meeting since that night a couple of weeks ago, and Sherlock is standing here, in his dressing gown, which sleeves are now wet from the extinguisher foam, a pair of boxers, and as if that wasn’t enough, his ever so charming safety goggles that are strapped tightly to his face. Christ, he probably looks like some kind of mad scientist, which, to be fair, wouldn’t be too far from away the truth, but John doesn’t need to know that.
.”, as he crossed his arms over his chest, pursed his lips and returned his gaze to his parents, who were now in the middle of explaining how this very interaction was the definite proof that John was a good influence on their son. John watched as Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, knowing already that this was him putting the room on mute, and simply choosing not to care anymore. John huffed quietly at the childish behaviour, but figured it’d be for the better not to drag him back into the conversation when he’d already closed himself off. Because maybe it was just like Mrs Holmes was explaining in this very moment, that John simply just
At last, Sherlock was faced with a challenge that he was more than comfortable with. He swiftly began telling John about everything he’d found out since the man moved in, growing more and more relaxed as he started to get lost in his deductions. His new acquaintance listened closely as he proceeded to apply butterfly bandages to the knife cuts on Sherlock’s arm. Through the rambling, John barely said anything besides a few surprised noises whenever particularly detailed deductions were spot on.
The man went quiet for a moment and John watched as he pursed his full lips as if in deep thought. He made a
“The collar is enough to keep me warm” he then added, after John had stayed silent for a little longer than he’d planned to.
As silently as Sherlock possibly could manage, he began climbing the stairs, avoiding all steps that he knew would make a noise, but despite his efforts, a high pitched creak was heard, causing Sherlock to jump in surprise. That was odd. He
The gloved finger hovered millimeters from the bell, just about to press it, when the door swung open, forcing Sherlock to quickly take a step backwards. When John turned his gaze towards the person in the door, he was bewildered, having discovered what seemed to be as far away as possible from what he’d initially envisioned any member of Sherlock’s family to look like. A short woman, dressed in bright and warm colors, appearing to be in her seventies stood in front of them with a big smile on her face.
The detective’s lips curled into a genuine smile, as John took a moment to breath in the smell of the scarf. Home, was what it smelled like. Like 221B Baker Street, and like Sherlock.
Was he? John had no clue. At first the idea of getting to pretend to be in a relationship with Sherlock had been appealing, but the closer John got to actually doing it, the bigger the knot in his stomach grew. Maybe he’d show too much enthusiasm? What if Sherlock saw right through him? Would they be able to continue on as normal after this? John wished he had even the slightest idea of an answer to the questions he had, but that wasn’t the case. Besides, he was the one who’d suggested it, so there really was no backing out at this point.
“It’s good, really. We’re fine. Actually we’re more than fine, but I think both me and Sherlock can agree that this is a pretty big deal. Meeting the parents. During Christmas. We’ve both been a bit nervous, I think.” he blurted out, and desperately hoped Mrs Holmes would swallow the lie.
John could finally let out a sigh of relief. There. He’d said it. It was no going back now, but somehow there was something calming about that, how John had done his part. Now it was up to Sherlock to respond, but John could already tell by how his mouth curled into a smile, and the way his eyes were shining, that this was good. Very good. Sherlock’s smile kept growing larger until the man finally opened his mouth to say something.
A med student? Nothing new. Watson turned out to be just as predictable as Sherlock had anticipated, and as if that wasn’t enough, the numerous beer cans and takeaway leftovers on the coffee table that Sherlock spotted when he peered into the flat hinted that people had been over recently, confirming that Watson indeed was quite a social guy. Sherlock smirked. A social med student then, just as he thought, which really meant that the invitation to come inside wasn’t that surprising at all. So with that, Sherlock limped into the flat.
John found himself unable to go to sleep, only drifting in and out of it for hours in a bed that seemed to get more and more uncomfortable for every toss and turn he made. Outside, the wind was whistling. A snow storm was apparently coming, which John had found out at 1:29 AM when he’d checked his phone, wondering how long the wind was supposed to be roaring like this. Ever since John had begun his very much failed attempt at going to sleep, he’d been unable to stop thinking about the events of this evening. Whenever John could feel sleep creeping near, the mental images of the kiss kept coming back, sending a shiver down his spine.
suggest we do? Is one of us going down on one knee tomorrow? I’m sure we can find a ring lying around somewhere in the house.”
“Brilliant observation, John. You’ll be thrilled when you realize there are two chairs in the room.” Sherlock deadpanned as he began to unpack his duffel bag.
“John, you should know that we really can’t thank you enough” Mrs Holmes exclaimed as everyone involved with the Christmas celebration had one final cup of tea before the departure of John and Sherlock.
It was about 9 PM, and John had ended up on a sofa placed right in front of a cozy, burning fireplace with Mr Holmes. Everything had started off normally, John had to admit. Just a perfectly ordinary conversation between two people who were getting to know each other, talking about what one did as a living, interests and, and this is where it got bad, love life.
Whatever Mary’s response is, it’s not any good. John desperately grumbles “no” a couple of times before he goes silent.
Before John had the time to reach for the blue piece of cloth, it was around his neck, being carefully wrapped around him, tied and tightened by his friend. John stared at him in awe. This wasn’t like them. Or was it? The intimacy they had shared over the past couple of days, even years, though it had been more of the subtle sort, was perhaps more like them than John had initially thought. People didn’t exactly assume they were a couple because of how stiff they were together.
“Sherlock never let us in on the details” Mr Holmes continued. “One day he just told us he’d found himself a flatmate, and there was that. Didn’t even tell us the address.”
“Hm?” the detective replied as he looked up from his phone. “Naturally, I realized they’d never be as discreet as they’d promised, although I did expect them to keep their promise to some extent.”
“I kept making deductions about you, and each and every one of them suggested that this was more than just playing along to please my parents to you, but I figured that it was just wishful thinking. I’ve learnt that sentiment can be terribly dangerous in any sort of deductive reasoning.”
And like that John was reminded of why he was here in the first place. The whole purpose of the walk. As discreetly as he possibly could, John peered up at his friend, who was busying himself with making sure the scarf looked good, and wondered if he had any idea. The easiest way to find out would be to ask. Actually, no. It was possibly the hardest way, but here he was. About to do it. Somehow.
Maybe Sherlock does get it, but what’s the point of making a fool out of yourself if it turns out you’re really just wrong in the end? He’s already taken too many risks tonight. John is waiting for a response that never comes. He shakes his head.
“Oh, and you must be John! It’s so nice to finally meet you. Sherlock has barely told me anything about you. I’m Violet Holmes.” she continued in a cheery voice. John glanced at Sherlock as he shook the woman’s hand, introducing himself to her. The knowing smirk on Sherlock’s face screamed “
John wriggled his body so that he was facing his friend who busied himself with staring straight into the ceiling above him.
At this point, the detective was unbuttoning his shirt, clearly getting ready to join John in the bed. Under any other circumstances, John would’ve probably said something to ease the awkwardness about the two of them sharing it, but this time, he was too tired and too keen on actually having this “according to your parents, what are we?” conversation. Sherlock switched the button down shirt for a faded grey shirt that John presumed he slept in, kicked off his shoes and crawled out of his trousers and under the covers on John’s left side.
Sherlock’s heart sinks. Why would he think John was single? Of course someone as amazing as John would have a partner. Of course.
“Oh, John, you underestimate my opinion of you. I knew you’d notice something was somewhat off, though I’ll admit my own confession about the whole thing was slightly… uncalled for.”
Both of them glance over at John, who appears to be in the middle of an argument now, and here is where Sherlock makes his grand mistake. Shaken by the explosion and everything that followed, whatever happened before that and the secrecy of what he did has been pressed into the very back of his mind. Just as the argument with Mary ends and someone hangs up he says what might just be the absolute worst thing that he could possibly have said. He mindlessly looks over at Greg, and answers absently.
John did his best to not let his smile falter, and could only hope that his eyes didn’t give away his total surprise. Not at all did that make it seem as if Mr Holmes had gotten a very, very askew idea of what kind of relationship John had with his best friend. The friend he’d lived with longer than anyone else, the friend his life revolved around, and perhaps most importantly in this case - the friend everyone thought he was dating. Surely the parents of this very friend wouldn’t be firm believers of any of these rumors, surely not, John told himself, even though he recognized this situation too well. It happened everywhere. At restaurants, crime scenes, even bloody Tescos people made those tiny remarks implying that the two men were more than just friends. Everyone seemed to have it figured out except the two people in the centre of it, and John knew this was the reason those remarks bugged him so much.
“Yeah. About that, I hope it doesn’t feel like I’m just, I don’t know, barging in here. You know, considering me. Being a bit of a stranger, that is."
“You- You told your parents we were dating, what, four years ago, and then we show up, acting like we’ve never laid our hands on each other?”
For the past couple of days, Mycroft had stayed out of John and Sherlock’s business, and John had known it was too good to be true from the very start. If there was anything Mycroft always did, it was to interfere, as if anything was his concern. Big brother’s watching you - quite literally in this case. Sticking their nose into everyone’s business really was a Holmes family trait. John glanced at Mycroft, who shot a knowing look in John’s direction. Of course he’d realized. John fought the temptation to let out a low growl of frustration. With only a couple of hours left in the house, surely there was no reason for Mycroft to deal with this right now. He’d turn up at Baker Street in a couple of days, make things a bit awkward, only to eventually be shooed away by Sherlock and a screeching violin solo.
noise and then popped his lips. John waited in anticipation for the brilliant idea that he knew was about to come out of Sherlock’s mouth.
“Oh, don’t worry about that, dear! You’re always welcome here. It’s been so long since Sherlock brought anyone home to meet us.” she said, smiling broadly at a John that was unwillingly starting piece everything together.
No. John hit backspace. The phone was put back on the coffee table, and John’s gaze wandered to the fire once again. His gaze was fixed on nothing in particular, and he allowed himself to get lost in thought. This was, however, a state he didn’t remain very long in, because soon a light pressure was felt on his right shoulder. In surprise, John swung around rapidly only to discover Mrs Holmes standing behind him.
“Um. I was… Er, well, I’m somewhat of a scientist.”, Sherlock begins. “And I was conducting an experiment. That exploded.”
They had been sitting in a comfortable silence since the train had started moving, both of them looking out of the window, admiring the moonlit winter landscapes. Sherlock had eventually gotten bored by it, and proceeded to make the time pass by nagging Lestrade to text him about any new cases.
It was when Mr Holmes introduced himself that John began to wonder, because something was not right.
“Sherlock, can you please hurry up?” John shouted impatiently from the bottom of 221B’s staircase, as he peeked towards the front door, knowing there was an even more impatient cab driver waiting behind it.
“It is, and you should be happy for your brother!” Mrs Holmes warned with a light smack on her son’s arm. “You might need someone like John in your life to cheer you up”
Of course, it wasn’t going to be fine. A light knock on the door was all John needed to immediately know something was up. He threw the last piece of clothing into his bag, shut it, and turned his attention towards the person on the other side of door.
When John moved into the flat below Sherlock’s about two months ago, Sherlock couldn’t have cared less about him, truth be told. Based upon the hours the neighbour appeared to leave his flat, he was a student, and after hearing John’s TV play various medicine related documentaries the same week as university finals were coming up, it was safe to assume the man was a medical student. Really just an ordinary guy that goes to school, hangs out with his friends on the weekends and goes grocery shopping way too late at night. No one to waste time on, Sherlock thought. Then came a night that changed everything.
“Come on Sherlock, you if anyone must have some pretty bizarre stories. I mean, you almost blew up your entire kitchen and you’re acting as if it’s nothing!”, John laughs after Greg is finished with his story, and gestures to the now somewhat smaller kitchen mess.
“But you know about Mary, so you must’ve heard the phone call.”, John states. “Actually, you must’ve heard the entire call if you know all of that, and if you heard
“So. We heard a… Actually, Sherlock, I’m not quite sure what we heard, but we did hear something.” John says and scratches his neck in distress.
Mary? Who the hell is Mary? Sherlock needs to know, but at the same time, a part of him hopes that he'll never find out. Maybe Mary is no one. She probably doesn't even matter that much to John. Just an acquaintance of his. Sherlock knows he's wrong.
The inside of the house gave off the same impression as the outside. Welcoming, warm, and now with the Christmas decorations - festive. John found himself admiring the interior and how normal everything seemed, wondering how it was possible for Sherlock to come from this. When he observed his friend though, it was clear that Sherlock felt at home here. The man seemed relaxed, and his pleased smile was a genuine one. Maybe Sherlock wasn’t so out of place, after all.
Suddenly, an arm reached across John’s chest and over to the bedside table. A click was heard as the off-switch button on the lamp was pushed and the room went black. Sherlock turned his back to John with a “good night”. John repeated the phrase to his friend and turned around so that he was no longer facing Sherlock, maybe out of fear of getting too close. After all, the bed felt awfully small, and it seemed damn near impossible to lie in any position without somehow touching the other person.
“I didn’t mean to come back this late. The storm was a bit uncalled for, I’ll admit. I ended up taking shelter in the local pub until they closed.”
Ten minutes later, the two men were coming out of the park, this time holding hands on their way back to the house. It was time to say goodbye to the family, take their stuff and finally head to the train station and go
John Watson was something out of the ordinary. With his deep blue eyes, that Sherlock, despite the loathsome cliché, swore he might be drowning in, and his hair that shifted from a silver blonde to just pure gold, he was almost god-like. Never in his life had Sherlock laid his eyes upon someone this… perfect? He clenched his teeth in embarrassment.
“Oh, uh, I think he… left somewhere after, you know.”, John said, squirming in his seat, feeling slightly uncomfortable with the kiss being brought up again.
“Earlier, when Violet mentioned that this was the first time in very long that Sherlock has brought someone home, she really did meant it. We love Sherlock, of course, but he’s always been difficult, so you can probably imagine why we were so happy we were when he told us you were coming along. You really must be special to him.” he said.
Of course he had noticed something was wrong. Maybe it was the increased palm sweat, the fact that he’d bit his lip or how he was subtly squirming in his seat. Sherlock knew, and as John made eye contact with him, Sherlock lightly squeezed his hand.
“Yeah, the two of you have been dating for a couple of weeks and the first time you tell her you love her is on the phone. It’s not
At precisely 4:01 AM, Sherlock hears a man exit his flat. Alone. As he’s about to leave, the man rolls his eyes playfully at the sofa where his two friends are tangled up together, completely absorbed with one another and barely capable of paying attention to the third wheel, just scarcely managing to lift a hand and utter a short “Bye, Greg”. Greg laughs, and is suddenly filled with pure happiness and pride for both of the men he just left, but perhaps  for John especially - the lucky bastard, who’s life changed over the course of just a couple of hours. Greg chuckles to himself as he, with a light step, makes his way down the staircase, unable to stop grinning.
“You can borrow my scarf. If you want to” Sherlock blurted out, obviously having noticed the state of his friend.
Sherlock had provided a perfect segway into the topic they were really here to discuss. John swallowed. All or nothing.
“Well, it’s Mary, so are you really that surprised?”, John shoots back, and makes a distressed noise, which is followed by a muffled groan coming from Greg.
“And I’m supposed to be the one underestimating the other one?” John laughed, playfully kicking his whatever it was they now were under the table.
“Mary? Thank God you’re calling me back. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean…”, John begins, but is rapidly cut off.
Everything goes quiet for what feels like an eternity. Greg doesn’t say anything until John seems to get himself together.
. His hands were fidgeting, looking for something to do. John reached for his phone that had been lying on the nightstand, spun it around in his somewhat sweaty hands for a minute, and then unlocked it. He opened the messaging app, and began typing out a text. Erased it. Began typing again, and then hit send before he had any time to regret what he was getting himself into.
“Me too. I mean, I like you.”, he says and John blinks at him as if he can’t believe what Sherlock just said, and a large, genuine smile appears on his face - a smile that Sherlock swears could melt glaciers.
And with a forced smile, Mycroft was out of the room as quick as he had arrived, not leaving John with any opportunity ask him what the hell he was on about. The vagueness of it all did leave a tremendously dramatic impression, but dear God did Mycroft lack proper communication skills. The man had said he didn’t want there to be any misunderstandings, but John could confirm that he had most definitely failed at that.
In the distance, something that sounded like an ecstatic Mrs Holmes was heard, but John didn’t listen. Couldn’t listen. His eyes were locked on Sherlock, unable to tear themselves away from him, knowing that if either of them snapped out of it this would be over and they’d have to deal with the consequences.  The only two things that existed were Sherlock and the mantra John’s brain seemed so keen on repeating.
“Never heard of anyone who can do something like that. What can you tell about me?”, John asked excitedly.
Countless of times John had imagined what it would be like to kiss Sherlock. So many sleepless nights had been spent making up first kiss scenarios, but John had never expected it to happen like this. Did he even want it to happen like this? Sherlock wouldn’t be upset if he was turned down, but they weren’t alone. The audience was waiting. Of course they did, since they all seemed to convinced that the two men under the mistletoe were dating. John took one last glimpse at Mrs Holmes, whose eyes were lit up in excitement, before he made his decision.
Mrs Hudson? Sherlock was rendered speechless. Mrs Hudson had talked about him with John? Knowing his landlady, Sherlock was aware of the fact that she was talker. A talker that was capable of telling people
John knew he was bisexual. He’d known it for a long time, and had over the years become rather comfortable with his sexuality. Something he was much less comfortable with, was knowing he found Sherlock attractive. Really attractive, in fact, and the assumptions about their relationship served as a constant reminder of how the things John fantasised about weren’t actually real. This, however, was a completely new situation. In the past, many people close to John had been living under the impression that John was indeed dating Sherlock, something John was had become very good correcting people at, but now it felt almost inappropriate to do so. So for the sake of not causing a scene two minutes after stepping into the house, John stayed quiet about the matter as he trotted on further into the house, following Sherlock and Mrs Holmes who’d begun to make their way up a staircase.
“I know, and look, it’s not like I’m worried or anything. This is all just… new to me, y’know. I hadn’t even considered the possibility but after
Everything eventually comes to an end, and that includes this. With the help of two people, the kitchen is soon restored. The rug is still a bit damp, but right now nothing more can be done. It just needs a few hours to dry. Sherlock sighs quietly. John and Greg will be leaving at any moment. Damn it. Would it be strange to offer some tea? Maybe not. In a desperate attempt to come up with quite literally
“I’m so sorry, Mr Holmes, it’s my sister. Do you mind if I…?” he asked, hoping his voice wasn’t shaking too much.
“Oh, I’m just checking in. I must say I’m a bit surprised though. Wasn’t sure you’d happily go along with this.”
Mr Holmes seemed more than fine with it, so with that, John pressed the completely silent phone against his ear and bolted for the nearest exist with a “Merry Christmas, Harry!”. When he came close to the doorway, Mrs Holmes’ voice was heard.
“So. Uh, if you’ll just find somewhere to sit down I’ll go get my medical kit, okay?”, Watson finally said and left the room after making a broad gesture into the lounge as an invitation for Sherlock to take a seat.
“Sorry mate, it’s just… I don’t know. But hey, even if you’re right, it’s not the end of the world.”
“Yes, I can imagine. You and my brother seem to be having a splendid time playing your little charade.”
It was unclear if Mrs Holmes actually believed him. John could tell by the slight squint on her face that she was questioning what John had just said, but suddenly, as if she’d totally snapped out of what seemed to be a state of disbelief, her face brightened as she clasped her hands together.
“Oh, I see! You’re doing that deduction thing, aren’t you? Mrs Hudson told me about it.”, he exclaimed.
Immediately, Sherlock is taken aback, and when he looks over at Greg, who’s spent the last couple of minutes awkwardly shifting his focus between John, Sherlock and a large pile of dishes on the kitchen counter, the man has opened his mouth as if to say something, but is cut off before he’s even had to opportunity to utter a word.
”I don’t know, this was your idea!” Sherlock hissed back, but when he saw the pleading expression on John’s face he softened. “Just act like you would with a real partn-“
More data. It’s obvious that John and Greg indeed have been out with the intentions to drink, however something must’ve happened to John during the night. Something only describable as life changing. Interesting. As someone who hates “going out” it’s hard to imagine what the incident could’ve been, but thankfully, John provides him with the answer only seconds later.
With an annoyed huff at his friend, Sherlock Holmes made his way out of the building and slipped into the cab, going straight into what John immediately recognized as a sulk.
It was many hours later that John finally woke up to the bright light that was now seeping in through the blinds. The first things that crossed John’s mind was how something felt different. Just different. A subtle scent of sweat and a cologne that wasn’t John’s lingered in the air, but that wasn’t all. As John’s limbs began to move, trying to reach the phone on his nightstand, he was stopped by a crushing weight slung on top of him with its left arm wrapped tightly around John’s chest. A breathing, lightly snoring weight with a birdnest of dark hair that was softly tickling John’s stubbled chin.
It was way too late for this, and John’s weariness was definitely contributing to the anger that boiling up inside of him.
Mrs Holmes stayed quiet for a second as she looked at John with that same facial expression Sherlock made when he thought he’d caught a suspect in a lie.
“Mm, yes. I think Mummy’s quite right” the sly voice of Mycroft Holmes uttered from across the table. “It’s such a joy that my brother has managed to find himself in such an... affirming relationship.”
It was a couple of hours later, when John had started to doze off for real, when a noise was heard. At first, he questioned if the noises had been real. They might as well just have been a product of John’s half-dreaming mental state, but as he begun to wake up, his mind becoming clearer, he realized it was footsteps. Awfully quiet ones, but they were there, slowly travelling up the staircase as if the person was trying to make as little noise as possible. John rubbed his eyes. Squinted. Could it be…?
“Dinner will hopefully be ready in not too long. If only Mycroft would have taken the early train! I swear that man never takes a break.” Mrs Holmes began as she took a right turn at the top of the staircase, leading John and Sherlock towards a white door. “Alright, here are you boys’ bedroom. I’ll just leave you to get everything sorted, and don’t hesitate to ask if there’s anything you need”
“Hey, John. Um. I think we should…”, he begins, but pauses. Looking for the right words, seemingly in just as much agony as Sherlock.
“This? You mean…?” Sherlock said, doing some intricate hand movement between himself and John to imply what he was trying to say.
It wasn’t an entirely untrue prediction, yet the remark made John bite his lip in frustration. That was another Holmes family trait right there. John could swear each and everyone of them had a love for the dramatic.
“I’ve realized that the circumstances we’ve been under during the past few days haven’t been ideal” Sherlock continued as he finally met John’s eyes. “Undoubtedly more eventful and unpredictable than any Christmas spent alone would have been, but I can see that my actions may have played a minor part in how these days have perhaps turned out a little bit stranger than necessary .”
