"Does that not sound exactly like how dad treated you?" Sam says, and his voice isn't unkind, but it's the finishing blow and they both know it.
"Which one?" Sam rubs his forehead. "Our Dean stormed out and disappeared for most of the night, so who knows, and younger Dean is having a sexual identity crisis."
“Dean.” Cas lets go of him, only to take his face in both hands. “Don’t. He’s you - a you who has been through so much and who has had to make impossible choices again and again. Both of you are good men. You are both so worthy of love. You always will be. Your soul is so bright with love. So unbearably bright.”
Dean feels a collective release of tension in the room as Bobby pats him on the back and takes his arm back to continue eating.
“Hey Sammy,” younger Dean is saying. “Sorry to… leave you.”
Dean raps his fist against the windowsill. He's not going to lose it. He can't afford to think about this, to talk about this. He tries to tap into that numbness that usually sustains him, the place where feelings never fully die, but never get to fully live either. But when he reaches for that reservoir of emptiness, all he can find is the other memories he's buried there. And there's a lot Dean Winchester has tried to numb himself to.
"Yeah, you did," Dean insists, grinning. "God, you must have been one and a half? You'd just started walking and you'd toddle around after me screaming it if I didn't pay you attention." Dean tosses his nephew up into the air, not quite letting go as he swings him up and back down. "So you make sure to do the same to him, huh, Deanlette? Fair's fair."
Cas is so pissed off, apparently, that he doesn’t even bother to get up and get dressed. With a familiar rustling sound, he just disappears, the way he always used to, his clothes on the floor vanishing with him. So angry and hurt he’s willing to risk passing out again, apparently.
"You got a light?"
"Sam." It's John's voice that calls out to stop him before he reaches the door. Sam turns back with half a hope in his eyes. Now-Dean sees it, even if past-Dean couldn't. Sam wanted to leave, but he still wanted to be asked to stay.
The Cas at the bar frowns. "I don't understand your need to give inanimate objects a human gender," he says. "Why does it always have to be a 'she'?"
Cap bounds up with muddy paws on Dean’s lap and proceeds to lick Dean’s face until Dean is laughing for real.
Jack is absolutely mesmerized by the gorillas. He sits down cross-legged in front of the enclosure and doesn't seem like he'll be moving anytime soon. Dean can't bring himself to complain, and anyway, he kind of gets it. He's always found primates kind of unnerving. They're cool and Dean really would not want to fight one of these gorillas in hand-to-hand combat, but they're just too close to being humanoid. It makes him feel weird to see them in cages.
Dean grunts. He tries to tell himself it's not real, because already the thought of losing it, or even watching this version of himself lose it, is terrible. His anxiety revs back up. He cannot watch that baby die.
Dean has never really felt like he measured up to his father’s idea of a man or this vision of him as a hero anyway, but he has no idea who he is if he’s not at least trying to be that.
Dean Winchester is all of these pieces, and none of them. He is made from his trauma, made from his choices and actions, made from his love. And he is something more than this, too. Whether he is good, or broken, or deserving, is besides the point. The sum of Dean’s parts is incalculable. Somewhere, in the pieces of all that he was and is and is yet to be, the squeezing sensation in Dean’s unhinged chest understands that this is what it means to be human. This is how he knows he’s still human.
“I… I’ve never asked if there’s something you… I mean, uh, if there’s anything you’d like to do, you know, together, you could tell me. I’d like to, uh, to do what you like, too.”
"Okay," Sam says, holding up his free hand placatingly. He likes Cas, obviously, and their friendship exists independent of Cas being Dean's barely-secret boyfriend or whatever, but Sam lets Cas come to him. It's not like Dean, who needs to be pinned down and forced to talk about his emotions like making a kid take medicine. Cas doesn't often do emotions with Sam, but Sam trusts him to talk if he needs it.
"What are you looking at?"
If anyone had asked Dean six years ago if he’d have willingly walked into a therapist’s office once a week for three years, Dean would have laughed at them. He’s missed a couple of appointments, what with school and work and occasionally driving Cas around the country to talk about plants, but he kinda looks forward to his trips down to Boulder. Things have shifted a bit since he first started coming to see Hank - in the beginning, Dean was all raw and jumbled up and really just making his way through life with blunt, blind obstinacy. They spent a long time “unpacking trauma,” as Hank calls it. Dean resisted, and resisted, and cried a few times. These days, they talk a lot about Dean’s day-to-day coping, but sometimes still about all the shit Dean’s spent a lifetime carrying around. He’s found that the longer he’s been on his medications, the more sleep he gets, and the more he talks to Hank about it all, the more he finds memories coming back to him that he’d forgotten about. It’s not all terrible stuff either, although of course most of it isn’t great. But there’s things like botched crafts he made with Sam to keep him entertained in motel rooms when they were young; a blurry memory of his mother before she died, calling Dean her “beautiful boy,” sticking flowers in his hair; John slinging an arm around Dean’s shoulder when he was maybe thirteen, telling him he was a damn fine shot.
"I'm not gay," Dean insists. The words come out frustrated and slightly petulant.
"Maybe," Cas says. "But I doubt that an uncloning spell would -"
The man sighs, hands still outstretched. "This is going to be hard to explain, but it's me. It's Sam."
But it's not real. It's not real.
There is the sound of a throat clearing from the side of the bed.
“Mm?”
"Oh," Dean manages to get out. He tries to sit up. "Great. Me." And with that, he promptly faints.
"There's nothing to say, Sammy. I'm… I can't stay here, man, not after…" Dean swallows and shakes his head. "I'm just done. Ain't like there's much left to hunt these days, right? I'd… I'd like it if you came too, okay? I want you out. But I'm… I'm not gonna try and make that choice for you anymore. This is just what I'm doing."
"Yeah. You sure you're alright?"
Cas doesn't seem offended by their disgust at his musical choices. He just sighs and exchanges the tape for a Queen album. Dean notices older Dean's hand tighten on the steering wheel and the glance he throws at Cas, but neither of them says anything.
Dean makes himself look up at Sam's face, and all he finds there in his furrowed brow is a gentle concern and maybe… exasperation?
"Sammy," he says finally, just short of begging. "Say something."
Dean nods.
maybe, but
, to just fucking hold his hand when they watched movies together on the couch so torturously close to each other. He wanted it so bad sometimes that he had to clench his fists and grit his teeth and think about whatever apocalypse was on its way just to stop himself from lingering too long with a hand on Cas' shoulder.
"Well…"
Nothing much happened the rest of the night. They played card games and Truth or Dare and Never Have I Ever. Around four in the morning, Dean fell asleep on the couch. He woke up a few hours later with a crick in his neck and Levi’s warm body draped over his side, his hand curled into Dean’s shirt.
Dean shuts his eyes tight, fist resting against the wall, the angle of his body taut with tension.
Dean had stayed flat on his back breathing hard, but he'd let Cas curl around him, put a hand up to the warmth of Cas' arm wrapped over his stomach.
"Dean?"
Constantine laughs again. Eighteen-year-old Dean's ear tips go pink. Now-Dean remembers. He'd felt so pleased that he could make this older, independent hunter laugh like that.
So there he was, nowhere near the amount the school had asked for, worried not just that it would break his brother's heart but that the school might get suspicious if they didn't cough up.
At least older Dean's taste in music hasn't changed much. He puts on Led Zeppelin against Sam's protest, and Dean leans his face against the window as they drive down the long Kansas roads.
“I won’t tell older Dean,” he says to the dirt.
"Okay buddy, I think we are all set." Sam looks around, as if he is in the habit of forgetting things. "Thanks again. See you Friday?"
“What? Why not?”
Bobby never asked, and Dean never said. But they both knew that it, whatever it was, never would have happened if Sam had been around.
Rhonda laughs, waving him off. “Still a scoundrel, are you? I don’t think your fella would think too kindly of that.”
Sam wakes up before either of the Deans (and if that isn't a trip to think about...), and goes for his usual morning run. He makes eggs and sets a pot of coffee to percolate, then showers, dresses, and calls Charlie.
by The Shondes (I tried
Dean is pretty familiar with both the Old and New Testament by this point. After everything, it would have been ludicrous not to have read the damn thing cover to cover for research. So he knows what Cas is saying and it makes every part of his body warm in a way that he doesn't know what to do with.
"Okay, okay, fine! Fuck you," Sam says. He jumps up from the bed, but he's laughing.
“Damn kid,” Dean says, fully aware that Jack’s body looks at least as old as his. “You got potential.”
Content warnings in end notes.
Seeing Sam raise a child, though, feels a little like he’s passed the right things down. Sam is so good with Baby Dean, so loving and gentle and attentive. Eileen has to push him in the right direction sometimes, but they’re good parents. They’re raising him in love and safety.
"Oh," Cas had said, sounding totally caught off guard when Dean's mouth was on him. "Oh, Dean… I… you don't have to…"
"Why, you wanna take over?" Dean asks casually, keeping the quip light.
Dean is sitting on the cold, mildewy floor with his back to the wall. It's gloomy in this circular room, the light flickering from slits far above him in the high ceiling. His fingertips are cold, but he doesn't tuck them in his pockets or do anything else about it. He just keeps bouncing a blue plastic ball against the floor, staring into the middle distance.
Or it's like the time Dean was fourteen with a fake license and just enough scraped together cash and he took Sammy to a theme park and they rode the roller coasters until they were dizzy and high off the adrenaline, laughing and leaning on each other in the warm summer air.
The blow hits Dean across the face and he staggers back, putting up an arm instinctively so that the next one cracks against his bare forearm.
Cas looked at Dean's face, gazing thoughtfully down at him. "I
"And Dean, I… Don't get me wrong, man, I'm really fucking grateful for everything you did for me. I didn't understand half of what you must have had to do and sacrifice for me when we were kids, I probably still don't, and I can't ever repay you for that. I'm… I'm so glad that I had you. But you shouldn't have had to do any of it. It wasn't your responsibility to keep me safe or feed me or any of it. Dad should have done that for both of us. You deserved to be taken care of. And fuck, I don't know. I don't know what any of this means now or how we move past it, but I know it's still a part of us. And I… Jesus, you're really not gonna stop me, huh? You're just gonna let me get away with being this sappy?"
"But, uh, that's actually not how common law marriage works." Sam sounds apologetic. Dean cracks one eye open and looks up at his brother's big dopey puppy-dog eyes.
Amelia had put a hand on his arm, looking worried, searching his face. "Sam? Babe, what's wrong?"
John was still looking out the window, his back stiff.
“I need you to leave,” Dean says, voice almost even in its emptiness. “Just… you gotta get out of my room.”
Sam suppresses his own grin. He won't admit it, but he's fond of the bickering between older Dean and Cas - it's how he knows they're still doing okay. Their fights, the real ones, are bad, but so is the icy politeness that comes after. This warm, weird, affectionate insulting is them on a good day. "Yeah, pretty much."
Dean turns to Cas, shaking his head. “You’d really spoil him rotten, huh?”
Dean’s cohort of new hires is comprised mostly of twenty-somethings fresh out of college, but Dean gets along with them pretty well. He finds he kinda likes having coworkers too - it’s the first time since he worked construction where he’s had that casual kind of work relationship. He sees these kids every week and they socialize, but Dean doesn’t feel the pressure to take it further than making work friends. He’ll go out to the twenty-four hour diner next to the hospital with them sometimes, especially after a graveyard shift, and trade complaints about their day.
Now-Dean remembers. Of course he remembers. He watches it, detached, seeing the scene as a spectator for the first time, conscious of Cas next to him. He remembers being dizzy with the pain, with not having eaten or slept in days, with how sick-to-his-stomach he is with fear about Sam, with the guilt that this is his fault, it’s his fault if Sam is dead or hurt.
Levi kissed his cheek. “You’re adorable,” he said, and led Dean back inside.
That was all it was at first, too. Not a kiss, exactly, just Dean's mouth pressing hard into Cas, whose lips were warm and pliant beneath him but unresponsive. Which was somewhat incongruent with Cas' hands tensing and grasping at Dean's hips, pulling him in closer instead of trying to set him back on his feet.
Cas had saved Dean in every sense. And then he just kept on doing it.
"No."
Dean startles, shaken out of his reverie, and finds a store employee standing in front of him. The kid's gotta be like half his age and she speaks with a Minnesotan accent, all Midwestern politeness.
Sam shuts the doors behind them and walks over to one of the tables in the middle of the room, running his hand along the couple of books left out there. "It's been useful, for sure."
- reading being a thing he suddenly seems to have time for - and shoveling cereal absentmindedly into his mouth, and he blinks at the screen a few times.
, coming on the radio when Dean was parked at a scenic overlook in the Rockies. He’d been alone, leaning back in the driver’s seat, just resting his eyes for a minute, and then the song had come on and suddenly the darkness beneath his eyelids had become the dancing shadows and flickering red light of his nightmares. He’d gone rigid in his seat, not really aware of what his body was doing, that terrible feeling of being unable to move consuming him.
Cas sets the Promethean disc on the table with a sigh. “Nothing of import. I’ve just been trying to understand this thing. I keep thinking of what Crowley said, of it being 'burned up in the use of it.' I can't help the feeling there's something more to it. It’s definitely Enochian, but I can’t make sense of it. I’ve never heard of anything powerful enough to just copy a soul, not in totality like this. And why did Crowley take the effort to travel back in time? Was it just for his own amusement?”
"Give me time, man," Dean said, eyes closed, yawning. He scrunched further into his mattress and turned his head away from the screen. "Don't watch me sleep."
Hello, despite taking twice as long as normal to get to you, this chapter was a bit of a rush job. I'm not thrilled with it, but what can you do?
(See the end of the chapter for
“The problem,” Sam says over dinner that night. “Is that there are just so many trees associated with Apollo. There's the Cretan Palm, which his mother supposedly grasped during childbirth, all the way up to the famous myth about Daphne turning into a laurel tree, which is probably the strongest association. And then we don’t even really know if we’re looking for something that is sacred to Apollo or something else altogether.”
It's just before midnight when Cas and younger Dean reappear in the bunker living room. Present day Dean is drinking a beer at the table and not even pretending to read the book Sam shoved at him earlier, Jack is copying Dean on the beer but
"Cas, you said the angels don't belong here. Does that mean Heaven doesn't work for you?"
Older Dean sits back, but his hands fidget restlessly on his knees. “Okay. Fine. Fair. But think about this outside of you and me, okay? You’ve got a twenty-six year-old and a forty-one year-old, and you’ve got to kill one of them off. Moral thing to do is let the older guy bite it, don’t you think?”
It hits Dean like a fucking freight train. His hand spasms on top of Cas', on top of his own twenty-six year-old body, all of this too goddamn much to take in.
Dean remembers hitting the magical tripwire in that damn sanctuary, the near-electric current that went up his body. He'd felt himself going rigid before he hit the floor, and then he'd opened his eyes here.
about it.”
Sam comes back with Eileen then, saving them all from the palpable discomfort. Eileen's eyes go from Dean to Cas to young Dean, and her grin is too mischievous for its own good. Dean gets up and hugs her anyway, quick and brotherly.
Dean flopped his head back onto the pillow, still staring up at Cas with an expression he didn’t know how to categorize. It was something a little painful, a little afraid.
Sam looks at his brother's profile, now nodding his head unconsciously to the music as he gazes out the driver's side window. They're both watching, waiting.
Dean looks down at his own shoes and takes a deep breath. He lets it out slowly and says, to the floor, "Yeah, I know. It's okay, Sammy. I, uh… Yeah. I do want that for you. I've always wanted you to get out. Know I haven't always acted that way, but… It's like I told you. You getting out, getting to live, starting a family, that's my idea of a happy ending, man. I want that for you, I really do."
"I'm sorry, Cas." Dean's own voice comes out rough. He clears his throat. "I mean, you died to save me, and I only lasted like two more weeks. That's a bad bargain. I'm sorry I made your sacrifice so pointless." Dean tries to smile, but it's tight and pained.
"But I can't… I can't give you what you want. But I won't let you go."
Younger Dean kisses passionate and dirty, just the way he should, and he tastes like Tennessee honey whiskey without the bitterness.
It takes Dean the longest of them all to figure out what he wants to do with his life. He’d looked into opening a bar, back when they first moved out west, but it turns out owning a bar maybe isn’t the best fit for a recovering alcoholic. Dean thought about setting up an auto shop instead, maybe have a scrap yard too like Bobby. But for one thing, owning a business is a lot of paperwork. Like way more than Dean had really anticipated, and he
The students seem slightly in awe of Dean too, by association. Dean can admit that he kind of likes it, coming home after a long day at the hospital and asking one of the kids hanging around on a coffee break where Cas is, only to hear them whispering as he leaves that “oh my god, that’s him! That’s Professor Winchester’s partner. Did you see his scrubs? Oh god, no one look at me, I can’t believe he spoke to me…”
“I didn’t want Sam to come because I thought his human consciousness might affect yours, especially when so many of your memories are shared. I thought there was a good chance that his memories might start to influence yours, but I was sure my own… I was certain that nothing in my head should be able to penetrate yours. I don’t know how it could, you’d have to translate it out of Enochian to even get in… But it must have, to… Perhaps if we tried going through the door again it would correct to what you should have seen. I didn't mean to…" Cas trails off awkwardly, gesturing vaguely with both hands.
"You can't just drop something like Cupid being real like that. Are you serious? Cupid, like, an angelic matchmaker?"
If anything… Sam doesn't like to think about it, but the truth is that over the years of betrayals and irrational forgiveness, the moments of mistrust and deceit, he and Dean have somehow only managed to get closer. Frankly if they get any closer they're going to fucking merge like
"Sam told you about dad, right?"
Asking himself what it would have been like to be loved is tantamount to imagining that he might have deserved it. And that's about enough to send Dean right off the edge. He doesn't think about shit like this, doesn't let himself.
When Dean opens the door to the library, he finds the lights are on. He steps inside and finds Cas in one of the arm chairs, curled up with a massive tome with a cracked black leather cover. Before Dean can sneak away again, Cas looks up and offers him a small smile.
"Huh."
“I know,” he says. In a slight rustle, he’s gone.
Cas isn't coming back. And there's nothing Dean can do about it.
Chapter Content Warnings: Brief mention of past sexual abuse, physical abuse, child abuse, self-hatred, murder (but in a canon-typical way)
Sam is halfway out of his chair as Cas' knees give way and he crumples into his trenchcoat. Younger Dean catches him, but Cas is quite a bit sturdier than Dean was at twenty-six, and he nearly topples over under the weight.
It's kind of fun, actually. The bunker was the first home Dean had known since he was four years old, and he'd loved it there, had loved finally having a place to call his own. But even so, there was only so much sprucing you could do to an underground secret society's barracks. Dean liked it, but he knew Sammy never really felt at home there, and part of the reason Dean had to get out is that he feels like he's carrying Cas memory around with him - and Cas didn't belong there, languishing underground with no sunlight, no plants, no bees.
“Um,” Cas said at last, still not moving, sounding a bit panicked.
Dean is a little bit tipsy by the time he finishes up their first apocalypse. He pauses then, not sure where to go from there. There's so much more, but a lot of it is about Sam and Cas, and he doesn't want to make this other Dean think less of them.
to use rupi kaur's work as a reflection point for Dean Winchester (noted misogynist and white boy), especially poems that are very much about the violence perpetrated by men against women. I have some feelings about that, but ultimately, this Dean is a survivor of sexual abuse and while these poems were not written for him, it is absolutely valid to experience them from that position. I also think that the whole arc of
"Dad, please," Dean says quietly, turning back with one hand still braced against Sammy's chest. Dean would give anything to make this stop.
"Good job, buddy! Can you say 'uncle'?" Sam signs the word, and the baby waves his fist around in the air, smiling.
But Jack had been struggling with all that borrowed power, every little jolt of energy coalescing inside of him, a power vacuum with no plug, nothing to do but wait. Cas had said “In the old days I might have sent you on a pilgrimage. To Mecca or Jerusalem or the Sahara. Somewhere to fast and think and feel your body upon the earth.”
Not that Cas was complaining. Not even when sweat started pooling on his palm. They walked in silence like that for a while, the dirt trail into the woods barely wide enough for them to walk abreast.
“One of you nerds want to give us the Sparks-notes version?” Older Dean asks, tossing his jacket over the back of a chair.
The property listing is actually two buildings on 5 acres of land. The first picture that caught Dean's eye is of a renovated barn, the upper story one large room of glistening hardwood and exposed beams. The giant windows and sloped ceiling make the place look like a cathedral, and Dean is instantly in love.
Dean runs into Sam on his way to the garage, because of course he does. He feels a new swelling of guilt in his chest, because he doesn't know how long it's been since he really looked at his brother. He feels like he hasn't really been awake these past months, even in his moments of unwilling sobriety.
“Yeah, man. I… I think it’s normal, you know. We’ve spent half our lives thinking the other one of us is dead. So yeah. Sometimes I wake up in a panic. I guess I could have called you all those times too, I just… I guess I was trying to pretend it wasn’t happening. Does that make sense?”
Charlie mutters darkly over a couple of laptops before picking one and patting the couch beside her. Dean joins her and Charlie zips through a bunch of code on the screen, talking about a mile a minute.
“Just under six years,” Garth says. “Starting November, 2020.”
“Okay.”
"To Apollo, right?" Dean runs his fingertips along the bark of one of the trees, because he's always touching things he shouldn't, no wonder he's fucking cursed, but all that happens is that reverent feeling in his chest.
“Okay. Well, don’t light up here then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Chapter content warnings: canon-typical violence, canon-typical murder, mention of alcoholism, dissociation, grief, flagrant and deliberate misuse of theology, brief reference to fatphobia and body issues
Dean spends a lot of evenings with Bobby, many of them at the roadhouse with Ellen, Jo and Ash. Sometimes Mary, John, Rufus, and Aretha join them. It's not that everything has been forgiven or forgotten. It's just that in Heaven… emotions are strange things. They're closer to pure. Other people's choices seem clearer. Even when it isn't said with words, Dean can understand what's going on with his family - all of them - and what they need from him, where he fits in, what makes sense for his own peace of mind. It's simpler here.
They're in the last hour of their journey, Dean and Sam both half-asleep in the back, older Dean and Cas talking quietly up front under the music, when Dean hears Cas say "What? I like past you."
Dean can't help smiling with Cas looking at him like that.
Cas brushes Dean’s fingers with his own, still smiling.
It takes a second for the icy feeling to start dripping down Dean's spine, but then it's running its full course in record time, spilling down into his stomach too.
There was a lump in Dean’s throat as he escaped out the front door and blearily looked around in the early morning sun for his car. He found her parked a block away and slid gratefully into her familiar leather seat.
Dean snorted, pulling himself reluctantly to his knees, wiping his face in the crook of his elbow. He felt suddenly so exhausted. He was weary. He was so tired of fighting himself.
Dean gets it.
"So," Sam says after a moment.
"Uh," Dean says, because he honestly doesn't know how to answer the question. "I mean. I was being stupid, trying to hide it before. Sammy's the only person who matters, and he's known almost the whole time anyway. Knew I was… I don't know, that I wasn't straight even before Cas was in the picture."
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, some brief depiction of torture, reference to past sexual assault, nightmares, general discussion of trauma, mention of past childhood abuse, suicidal ideation, reference to past suicide attempt (sort of), reference to historical nuclear bombing
"Christ, Cas." Dean sat up, still straddling Cas, and rubbed his own jaw. He looked at the ceiling as if gazing heavenward. "You couldn't have just wanted to spank me or tie me up or something, could you?" he asked weakly.
They somehow end up bickering over Lord of the Rings, and the next thing Dean knows they’re watching The Hobbit and complaining loudly over the film’s artistic license, and it’s not how Dean would have bet on his first ever coming out going, but Charlie is just a person and she seems to like Dean for his taste in pop culture as much as their apparently mutual not-straight-ness. Older Dean and Jack join them at some point, older Dean complaining that Sam and Eileen are being gross and in love, and Jack complaining that they started the movie without him. Charlie nudges Dean every time Ian McKellen is on screen, but otherwise it’s just a grossly domestic movie night.
Dean and Sam stand there, the Winchester brothers, together at last, their love palpable between them.
, Dean thinks to himself as Liam Neeson bashes yet another bad guy into a wall.
“I love you,” Sam says, almost angrily. “And I’m so worried about you. I just… you need to talk to someone. You’ve gotta let someone help you when it gets bad.”
Dean parks so that when he gets out and plunks himself down on the hood of the car he is facing out towards the great red rock formations that so surprised him the day before. He'd never thought to visit Utah - drive through it, sure, work a case there, of course, but he'd never have thought of Utah as beautiful.
"Yeah, fair, I get that," Sam says calmly, placatingly. "But it'll help me explain. You haven't, uh… you haven't come to pick me up at Stanford yet, have you?"
Sam is having a fit of silent giggles in the back, looking like he is trying really hard to stay quiet so as not to hurt Cas' feelings.
“Hey, I know.” Another pause. “Is it, uh, is it worse without the alcohol?”
"Apollo, yes, but… sometimes sanctity is not dependent on a deity, per se. Apollo looked after this grove, it was sacred to him, but I think for the people who have lived here long ago it was simply holy in its own right. A thing so beautiful and loved that its meaning and worth is cyclical and self-perpetuating."
Like planets devoid of orbit, the irises of Dean Winchester's eyes are still and unseeing. They stay open, unblinking, disquieting, like the eyes of dead things. The green of them is always startling, but without the light behind them, they look wrong, glassy, just cold dead rocks floating in the vastness of space.
Older Dean glances sharply at him, searching his face with narrowed eyes, but Dean just glares back at him. If older Dean doesn’t want to tell him about Cas, then he’s not going to help him get there.
It goes against all of Dean's natural instincts not to push against that particular line of inquiry, to put on a little show and see just how interested Cas might be in the way Dean tips his head back to bare the line of his throat as he swallows his coffee or the perse of his lips as he sucks the plastic fork clean. But Sam's plea that Dean play nice is still in his head, and Cas isn't some customer or gross older dude Dean wants to mess with.
"That's right, baby, give it up for me," the demon says, laughing, as Dean struggles beneath him. A second later, he's finishing, still laughing, and he hasn't worn a condom, and it's awful, and then he's pressing a pillow over Dean's face, saying "You can take some of me with you to the afterlife, sweetheart."
"Or that you didn't learn the way you lash out from him? Or the drinking? Or your need to take everything on, shoulder the blame for the whole fucking world?"
Cas snorts. It's an endearing sound. "Right."
It was all perfect, in the end.
Dean thinks, then,
Dean glares at him. He's rather deliberately not looking at Cas at the end of the table.
"I mean. Okay, I guess."
“Ah. Well.” Bobby’s face twitches a little bit, and Dean’s stomach almost starts to sink, even in all this calm, tranquil nature. “Not exactly.”
Sam makes a frustrated noise and lets go of Dean's wrist. He wipes at his own face with the inside of his flannel, but his eyelashes stay dark and wet with tears.
With thirty years of torture, things got creative.
Dean drops Sam's phone and picks up Cas' instead. When he clicks it on there's a background of animated bees. "Thanks, Cas. Uh. Bees?"
He can't stand the thought of Cas seeing him at his lowest, his most broken, but at least Cas isn't his kid brother. At least Dean knows intellectually that Cas has been around for millenia and seen all the filth that humanity has to offer. It's nothing Cas hasn't seen before. So what if Cas can't look at him after this? So what if he knows that Dean…
"Ain't that one of those 80s poems about taking drugs and getting fucked in the ass? The hell kind of girl you got your eye on?"
What else was he supposed to do, anyway?
Dean sighs, rubs at his face again. It is too fucking early to be dredging up this shit. "Okay. Hold on. I'll be right back."
"Cas," Dean said.
He finally looks across the table and younger Dean's face is pale and drawn. He looks utterly overwhelmed.
Dean freezes, his hands clenching around the steering wheel, eyes fixed straight ahead. There is a moment of stifling awkwardness, Celine the only voice in the car.
Everything about Dean at that age was desperate. He's pretty sure everyone could see it, too, how eager he was for any scrap of attention. He'd flirted his way through Midwestern bars as he worked jobs, hating going back to an empty motel now that Sam was at Stanford and dad was leaving him alone for longer and longer stretches.
Sam leans forward, the anger in his face mixed with something desperate enough to make now-Dean's heart ache for him.
Cas supposes that he exists as transcendent and corporeal, but always,
"I'm fine, Sammy. You good? Everyone else okay?"
“Oh c’mon,” younger Dean says. “You can’t tell me you haven’t been wondering what that would be like this whole time. I’m you, remember?”
Dean had laughed so hard that Cas let go of him and looked a little affronted. It had taken several minutes for Dean to collect himself enough to say “Yeah, sunshine. You’re a little high.”
Dean doesn't know how to argue the point without sounding like he's fishing for reassurance, so he just shakes his head. He's not
Dean thinks in that moment that John is actually going to kill him, and Dean remembers distinctly, painfully, how relief had washed over him. He’d felt such a surge of lightheaded gratefulness to his dad that, yes, this was what he deserved. If Sam was dead, Dean didn’t have any reason to go on living. If Sam was dead, then maybe if Dean died, he’d be with him.
"Yes. For pretty much my whole life, like you and Sam."
are you and where the hell am I?"
Jack makes a protesting sort of grumble and flattens his hair back down. "I don't get it," Jack says, characteristically without preamble. "Why not a copy of Dean from
Dean doesn't let himself think about it normally, barely lets himself feel it, but he grinds his hips down into Cas' thighs and just for this fleeting moment in time he lets himself love this one part of Cas.
Sam has thought very seriously about just straight up walking in on Dean and Cas one night, just to get it out there and over with. He would, too, if he wouldn't need Cas to burn his eyes out afterward. Or if Sam thought even that would get Dean to admit to himself that what he has with Cas is important - the most important relationship he's ever had outside of Sam, their dad, and Bobby. Maybe
Cas frowns at the bottle of Jameson on the table as he approaches. "It's 9:30 in the morning," he says.
"Let's just say, we don't want you here anymore than you want to be here, kid," older Dean says, an undercurrent of animosity running through his forced drawl. "Cas can get you back to wherever you were before you got pulled here, clean up your memory, and you get to go on living your life exactly as intended. Lucky you."
Cas sighs a little again. "That's a more complicated answer. The universe is infinite, Dean. Infinite
Cas’ very human nose is pink with the evening cold and Dean kisses it before he can think better of it. Cas blinks up at him with the softest smile.
It took Sam a long time to let go of his anger about Dean giving permission for an angel to use him as a vessel. This is Cas, so it's different, but Sam knows better than anyone, afterall, how much Dean would hate the idea of Cas seeing his darkest secrets.
"You're gonna ask questions the whole way through, aren't you?" Dean rolls his eyes. "Whatever. Do you know what's new?"
"Jesus, Cas, I don't know." Dean can't really wrap his head around what Cas is getting at. "Are you trying to say it doesn't matter that all our friends are dead as long as we go on loving them? Because I'm not buying that hippie shit."
Dean doesn’t think about it in terms of fate. He’s much more literal about it. If this is all part of the Chuck nightmare, then Dean doesn’t know what else he can do about it, so he’s just trying to do what he can. He’s just trying, in many ways for the first time, to be his own person.
"No," Sam snaps. "I want to know. All our lives, it's been giving everything in pursuit of some martyred revenge fantasy. When's the last time you had an actual lead on mom's death, dad? How long are you going to keep pretending that you're not just swinging blind in the dark on this, hoping to hit something by chance?"
Dean thinks about Sam’s arm wrapped around him in a gesture that they never would have entertained six years ago, looks out at Eileen signing something that looks expressive and lewd, laughing and making Cas grin right back at her as he tries to wave her aside. There’s a crack in Dean’s chest where he’s so damn soft about his family. He does loves them, loves them above anything else.
“Look, I’m sorry. I’m just… pent up, I guess. We’re fine, okay?”
Cas, Jack, Eileen, and Dean wind up in the kitchen where it feels cozy and familiar. They drink Eileen’s beer and Dean tells Jack that he cannot make them eat scrambled eggs for dinner again.
"Yeah, so Jack, this is Dean from 2005," Sam says. "We asked Crowley for help with the curse and it seems like he made a copy of past Dean. But it's really Dean, just… from before."
There's such a profound sense of loss in Dean's chest and he can't stand it - he cannot look at that emptiness or touch it because if he does, it will swallow him whole.
Cas knows the guilt Dean bears, and he loves him for it, loves him for caring. But it is a weight that buckles Dean, a burden he cannot see as anything but his own shortcomings, his sense of failure that goes beyond any individual action and is tied instead to the fabric of his being. This "not enough" nonsense that Cas tries to be patient with, tries to understand.
"Thanks."
Dean climbed up onto the metal rail and sat, dangling his feet out over the precipice. He ran the calculations in his head, just out of curiosity, just to know the danger. Even if he controlled his fall and landed on his arms, he probably wouldn’t survive it. It was way too far of a drop.
Dean swallows, caught off guard and abruptly torn between defensiveness and the need to talk to someone about this. “I… I don’t…”
“What did you do?” Dean asked. “You didn’t use your grace, did you?”
2. Simple Man - see: cover by Jason Mann/Jensen Ackles
"Dean," Hank says, like he can see this happening. "I've said it before and I will tell you as many times as you need to hear it that this wasn't your fault. You didn't deserve to be hurt like that, physically or emotionally. I'm not blaming Sam either, but your brother had agency, even at twelve years old. You didn't deserve to be blamed for his decisions."
"Huh," is all Dean can think to say to this revelation.
Sam hisses, covering his phone with his hand. "How's your German?"
Dean shrugs uncomfortably. “I dunno.”
"Look at me. You can name your price. I don't care." The man gestures arrogantly, carelessly, down his body. It is glaringly obvious that his suit is tailored, his shoes shined. He does not belong in this part of town and Dean understands that this is exactly why he's here.
“I pissed off a witch who was shacking up with a demon. Ganked the son of a bitch and she broke an old vase over my head. Curse inside the vase lands on me, abracadabra, here we are."
Cas approaches the bed.
“So, Dean,” Hank says, setting the clipboard down on a little end table next to the chair. “I understand this is your first time seeing a mental health care provider.”
“She’s still alive,” Cas says. Dean notes that he’s switched to a personal pronoun. His face is scrunched up, ear tilted towards the ground like he’s listening to something. “The other trees are still feeding her, keeping her from dying when she can’t get nutrients herself. They do that, sometimes, especially in a grove as old as this one. They sometimes keep their oldest ancestors alive long after they've been cut down.”
The point is that Dean feels twitchy out there in the Arizona heat. It all floods back into his body - the adrenaline, the tension, the lighter in his pocket and the duffle bag full of shotguns and rocksalt rounds back in the Impala. It’s not entirely unpleasant, which scares him a little bit. It feels just like it did the one time Dean fell off the wagon.
"Watch me," Dean mutters darkly, taking Sam's spot in front of the fridge and resolutely ignoring his brother's rabbit food. "Besides, I'm planning on dying young anyway."
trash burrito, you dick."
"No. Why?"
“C’mere,” Sam says gruffly, and his freakishly long arms pull Dean into the hug he didn’t get before he left this time. His little brother is warm and smells like the Impala and cheap aftershave, and Dean hugs him back the only way they’ve ever known how to do this - desperate and full of unsaid things.
Dean chooses his words carefully. "I used to. And maybe there was a time when that could have been an option for me, for us. Maybe if I'd gotten out sooner. But you get far enough in this shit… things happen that you can't shake. Even if we could stop, even if all the evil in the world disappeared or at least equalized, I'm not sure I could stop. I don't want the job to be all that I am, but… seems like maybe that's the way the story's written." Dean met his younger self's eyes, those eyes that were his own. "You picking up what I'm putting down here, kid?"
Dean stops thinking about “why” for a moment. He slips back to the person he was when he thought he knew how he would go - just like this, or with a ghost’s hand on his heart, or at the end of a gun.
Hank nods, looking thoughtful as he surveys Dean. He lets the silence drag out for a bit, and Dean fidgets under his gaze.
Dean had been young, tipsy, flushed with the success. He'd been so lonely, was so desperate for some sort of belonging. What Graves had been offering was validation. He'd smelled like a hunter, like the road. When he'd kissed him it was like he was accepting Dean, judging him worthy enough of this attention, this touch.
Cas wasn't offended by it. Humans could believe or not believe. It wasn't his job to convince every single human being of the divine justice of The Plan. So Cas didn't care about the thinly veiled religious commentary, wasn't bothered by the gay angels or the literal war against God. He was a little surprised to find some merit in the accusations of heresy, but he'd tucked it away in the back of his brain and hadn't thought much about it.
Present day Dean, because he is the
Cas only frowns more deeply, so Dean turns his grin on a suitably confused Rhonda.
Sam pokes his head in. "There you are. I was thinking about ordering -" he breaks off, eyes narrowing as he registers the bruises spreading on both their faces.
But the mindfuck of this spell or curse or ward, or whatever, yanks now-Dean and Cas out of the memory and deposits them along the wooden fence outside a broad pasture at dusk.
"Okay. Sure. Sorry."
Cas' head tilts slightly to the side, his annoyance changing to confusion as he glances between them. Sam looks sharply at older Dean, but doesn't say anything.
He wants to stay with this Sam who doesn't hate him, who seems downright
"You're ridiculous and I'm going to stay mad at you," Sam says darkly. "I'm ordering pizza and I'm getting vegetables on
There was, however, someone who was staring at him. Dean became aware of a boy with curly dark hair and soft brown eyes looking at him sometime after Dean’s second hit off the bong. It was a look Dean was familiar with, but, and maybe it was just the weed, he felt his cheeks getting uncharacteristically hot under this guy’s stare.
It’s another alarm bell, this recklessness. If Cas notices, he doesn’t call him on it.
The truth is that if it had come down to choosing between his dad and Sammy, Dean would have killed John to protect his brother.
"Um. More like Purgatory?" Sam tries apologetically.
Dean would probably die if anything happened to him at this point.
even with all of Charlie's carefully worded hints to him.
Dean looks up, surprised, and Cas’ mouth is actually quirked in a small wry smile.
Dean wonders sometimes when Sam started worrying about him. A part of Dean still, and will always,
“Okay, fine,” Dean says again, rolling his eyes. “You pick something, Jack.”
“Uh,” Dean says. “Right. Sorry.”
They all settle in around the table and Sam tells them the story of
I hope you are all taking care of yourselves right now.
“This tree was a mountain ash,” Cas murmurs, eyes still closed. “The mountain ashes and the common hazels have a longstanding alliance with the cornelian cherry on this side of the mountain, although…” Cas’ lips quirk. “I believe farther down on the northwest foothills the ash and the hazel do
A half hour and several commercial breaks into the animated movie, Dean had put his empty beer bottle and ice pack aside and slid down on top of the covers with his jacket over his torso. His voice was warm and sleepy when he pointed at the TV and said "Hey Cas, that's you."
Mostly, Sam seemed to be reciting the Bible in his sleep. The realization had made him freeze, still in that early morning drowsiness with Amelia under the sheets next to him - these white sheets and heavy cover where Sam never slept with his shoes on.
Dean had gotten up from their kitchen table with a sigh and dumped his glass down the sink.
“No, you don’t.”
“That’s it?” Sam asks, peering at them doubtfully as younger Dean pulls them free.
Sam drops his arm from Dean's shoulders and leans forward, face in his hands. Dean thinks he's going to blow him off again, but Sam lets out one long, weary sigh. And he starts to tell him.
Plot! This chapter contains some actual plot!
Sam and Eileen have already disappeared, and Cas is sitting in an armchair reading
Sam barely restrains an eye roll. "Come with us. Get out. Quit. I know you won't move to the West Coast, but we can compromise somewhere. I'm not saying we should all get a house together, okay, but there's no reason we can't settle nearby. Keep hunting together on the weekends, maybe try a fucking hobby, I don't know. You're my brother - my family. I don't… I want to get out, and I want you out of it too."
A twenty-two-year-old Dean is eating cold baked beans out of a can while he tinkers with an EMF reader. He's got a couple of extra parts on the floor next to him from a busted-up walkman and an old Teddy Ruxspin he found at a garage sale.
"Five years ago, I was just relieved you guys had finally cracked the tension. And I get why you didn't tell me at first, I'm not mad or anything, but after awhile it was starting to get pretty clear to me that you weren't letting yourself be in it. You know how I always knew when you guys were getting together in the beginning? You follow an unbelievably predictable pattern. The two of you will be fine, friendly, bickering like an old married couple, and then at some point you dovetail into this guilt spiral and can't even look at Cas, and Cas is tiptoing around like a kicked puppy trying not to set you off, and then you blow up at him over something stupid enough that Cas gets a backbone again and the two of you fight until you can cool off. I mean, man, over and over again." Sam turns to Dean and manages to catch his eye before Dean can drop his gaze. His brother's expression is not the puppy-eyed sympathy he was steeling himself for. Sam looks sad but resolved as he holds their eye contact unflinching.
Dean stared at him, thoughts sinking in as slow as molasses. He’d never even heard the word “bicurious” before, although he could extrapolate what it meant, and he’d seen “GSA” written on flyers in a high school or two but he had never even thought twice about it.
This one is heavy, y'all.
a small army,” Charlie says cheerfully. She turns, eyes searching until they land on Dean and she
Eileen shrugs. "Sure. Why not? God made the rules up, right? If He's just pulling all of this out of His cosmic ass, then anything can be salvation."
“Yes?”
“Hm.” Cas touches the stuffed elephant’s trunk. “I suppose.”
to him. Not about stuff like this.
"See? You can't even let me talk about it."
Dean can’t really explain why this does something to him. Why it makes him squeeze Cas’ hand and inch closer so that their arms are touching too.
Sam always needs to talk about things. He always wants to take out his emotions and lay them down in alphabetical order and look at them. Dean doesn't know where the hell he learned to do that, because it certainly wasn't from him or John. Dean had learned everything he knew about suppressing his emotions from his father. He'd tried not to be that way with Sam when they were younger. He'd just wanted Sam to be a kid. For his little brother not to feel the brunt of always waiting for their dad to come back to wherever he'd left them, not to wonder what they'd do if one day he didn't come back. Maybe shielding Sam back then had worked. If so, it really had a way of coming back to bite Dean in the ass.
Dean strips down to his boxers, and Cas follows his lead, getting under the covers as Dean turns out the light. Cas pulls Dean into his chest, arms wrapped around him, and Dean tangles their legs together, curling his hands up against Cas' ribs, arms pinned in the heat between their bodies.
Except then, he'd been an angel of the lord, a soldier - the one who had gripped Dean tight and raised him from perdition, yes, but not the person who had fought and traveled and laughed at Dean's side.
“I don’t care,” Dean says, and he doesn’t. “You telling me that I - that he hasn’t fucked up too? That he hasn’t hurt you? What, is he just treating you like shit to punish you for the past? That’s messed up, Cas. That’s not how friendship or forgiveness or love works.”
"'Course I did, Cas," Dean mumbles.
It isn't an outright feeling of danger, exactly, more the understanding that something very old and important is in the air. Something powerful.
"I'd call it hobbling, but don't worry about it." Dean rubs his knee absently. "It's just crashing through time and space onto the floor in your weird devil trap closet banged my knees up pretty good."
Cas had other vessels before Jimmy Novak. Not many, in the grand scheme of things, but a few. Often enough to have had a diverse experience of human bodies.
"For how long?"
John hadn't turned back, he'd just opened the door and walked out like Dean hadn't spoken.
," she whispers. Dean gets the impression she always whispers. "They had a fight this morning. Abe was eavesdropping."
"Look," Sam starts, but then doesn't say anything.
Cas laughs softly into Dean’s hair. “Okay. Not stupid for the right reasons?”
The priest had waited a breath and then said, voice a kind rumble in the dark, dusty booth "You'll forgive me for saying it, son, but you sound lost. It sounds like the things that have given you purpose for a long time are no longer providing you with the same joy, the same fulfillment. You're looking for something more now, something else to fill that void. Is that right?"
Dean is abruptly exhausted. He pops a U-turn in the middle of the empty road, slowing down just enough to keep him from spinning out of control and off into the wheat field to his right. He turns down the music and when the tape ends and the stereo spits it out, he doesn't rewind it or flip it over as he's been doing. He changes it over to Moby, which is his moping music lately, and all Cas' fault.
"Sam…"
“It’s… metaphysical,” Cas says.
Cas gestures for them to start walking again, so they do, Dean trailing a little behind and careful to step in the places Cas has already disturbed.
Cas wasn't kidding about "vintage vehicles." There's a 1955 Ford Thunderbird. A 1957 Ford Fairlane. A 1955 Chevrolet Bel Air.
"You're looking at me like I'm a roasted pig and you're trying to decide where to cut in first, man." Dean was still smiling, his hands now on Cas' thighs.
Maybe it's just Dean, hypersensitive to anything that makes him think about what older Dean and Cas have going on, but Greek society seemed pretty damn homoerotic - or whatever Cas had called it the other day.
They’re about an hour out from Grand County when Garth calls. Sam picks up and listens patiently to Garth’s rambling introduction before he seems to get to the point.
Dean’s only security blanket was the sawed off shotgun he kept under his pillow.
"Eat a vegetable!" Sam calls after older Dean as he swipes an armful of books off the kitchen table and disappears down the stairs to his room. He flips Sam off without looking back.
He likes that he’s going to have to teach Cas some things, likes that Cas very enthusiastically has no idea what to do with his tongue, likes that Cas’ hands are big and warm and that his fingers are still trailing lightly over his chest. He likes that Cas already knows him. He likes that Sam, apparently, was not surprised in the slightest by this turn of events. He likes that the way Cas is looking at him now is the way Cas has always looked at him.
“I just got… Haven’t been sleeping much, and I just got, uh, I don’t know, worried about you for a sec. I shouldn’t have called. S’just…”
“Gold,” Cas says. “A Canadian gold mining company, I believe.”
“But -” Dean starts, and then stops. He crosses his arms and scowls somewhere around Hank’s collar. “But I
“He threatened to hurt Sammy, if I didn’t… or if I said anything. And I couldn’t… I
“I don’t do it out of kindness,” Cas says, and there’s a note of urgency in his voice now that kills Dean. Just straight up throttles him. Because Cas must know, too, that this is different. That this isn’t how Dean reacts in one of his freakouts about them. “I don’t ask for it because what you give me has always been enough.”
Cas sighs, running his hand up the line of Dean’s spine through his jacket. “I should go.”
"Uh, Fallout Boy broke up and got back together." Sam knows the band is one of Dean's guilty pleasures so he doesn't even try to belittle it. "It's kind of hard to think what you'd be interested in… Oh, Doctor Sexy is in it's like fifteenth season or something."
There's no… there's no body to burn this time. Nothing Dean can even do to honor Cas' remains, no way to say goodbye. Last time, Dean had taken his ashes to a meadow, spread him out near the windmill because it was peaceful. Because he thought Cas would have liked it. Because Dean had wrapped his best friend's body by himself and it had been unbearable, because the solitude of his grief had settled over him like his own funeral shroud, because Dean had taken his ashes and driven there alone. He'd made the drive in silence, the horrible ziplock baggie on the passenger seat beside him, and he'd been so full of the awful weight of death that it had just about choked him.
"Really nice place you got here, man," he says.
Dean watches the way younger Dean's eyes follow Jack out of the room and sighs. They're going to have to send those two on a bonding trip or something, because Dean can tell already from his younger self's face and the friction between them that the primary emotion between the two at the moment is an uneasy jealousy.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas brushes his fingers along Dean’s cheek. “The chrysanthemums are doing well. I thought the false spring this year might have killed them off, but I believe they’re about to bloom.”
“Dean -”
It takes Sam a moment for his eyes to adjust to the dark of Dean's room, and another moment to realize that the lumps of Dean's unmade bed are all clothes and blankets. His phone sits on the nightstand.
Dean snuggled deeper into Cas’ chest and let out a soft little sigh.
And Dean… he leaves the lights off as evening turns into night, letting the room go dark around him. He lays on top of the covers of the bed on his stomach, face in the pillow that still smells like Sam while silent tears leak down his face.
"Wait! Wait. You telling me I've still got baby?" Dean doesn't even try to hide his excitement. He should have asked about his car. He'd just sort of assumed this calloused older Dean would have wrecked her. He seemed like the type.
"Leave your gun. You won't need it where you're going, and at least Dean and I won't be down a firearm."
Older Dean laughs. “Yeah, obviously. Okay, get some butter and start frying the onions, would you?”
Sam is an addict. In recovery, sure, but it's ongoing, present-tense. They're all addicted to something. For him, it's the rush of power he used to feel hopped up on demon blood, the way it felt to finally have some sense of control, some weapon that was within him. It is a terrible thing to lust for, to still hold inside of him, and he knows that. But it is the darkness that is him. Deep down, it is the famine within.
The silence gets heavier and heavier, and it’s obvious neither of them wants to break it, but older Dean finally leans forward, elbows on his knees, hands tugging at his hair, and says “We should talk about what happens if we don’t find a cure.”
"I didn't say anything," Cas says.
Dean frowns at his future self. It feels suspiciously nice of him.
Dean had been lost in it by then, and Cas' words did things to him, like he almost believed them, his hands scrabbling at the small of Cas' back to push him closer, his own voice mumbling back "Harder, Cas."
Cas doesn't seem to notice though. He's let go of his quietly disgruntled frown. "So have you decided what you're going to name her, then?"
"And who exactly is Jack?" It's been so long since Dean felt like he had anyone. All he's had the last three years has been the Impala, the open road, and hook-ups in crappy motels or the back of his car.
Cas let out a surprised laugh. He turned his head just enough to press his mouth to Dean's cheek. He was touched more than he knew how to put into words, even if they both knew they were making up a fantasy.
It could, possibly, be love. It could be that they are both so intense that this thing between them is always at a boiling point, that it’s the same thing that makes it feel so good to fight with Cas sometimes. It’s a release of tension, of pent up emotion and energy. It’s so goddamn much.
Christ.
John had dropped his bags, kissed Sam on the top of his head, then gone into the bathroom and showered without a word to Dean.
“Bit busy, boys,” Crowley says, annoyed.
In early December, Dean comes home around seven o’clock in the evening. He’s cold and tired, wearing a jacket over his scrubs after a long shift. He opens the door to the farmhouse, pushing aside the dogs and their usual cacophony of greeting, and kicks off his shoes.
Family is just a term for a unit of war.
Dean tosses the binder aside and flops back on his bed, staring up at the ceiling before getting self-conscious and worrying that Sam will notice the shape of the stain up there. Some things are too pathetic to share with your younger brother.
Dean scuffs the toe of his boot against the pavement, hesitating. "It's nothing, but maybe, uh… maybe just don't bring up that name, okay?"
Fourteen-year-old Dean swallows and straightens his spine. "Dad-"
"And an angel just lives here? As our friend? As like a roommate?"
The worst part might not even be young Dean himself.
Cas watches as past Dean, Benny, and Castiel approach the glowing blue portal in Purgatory. They all look so worn out and dirty.
He skates over Hell, just that younger Dean cannot possibly imagine it.
"But I don't think that's the only thing you're running from or why you're out here. You want to give up. You have for a long time now, and I don't know how to fix that. I can't… I can't make you want to live. But I would do anything to help you, if you would just let me."
“Seriously, Cas,” older Dean says softly. “We’re good now.”
“Is that what I’m doing? I could recite scripture, you’ve always said you find it dull.”
Dean nods, turning it over. It's what he always said about his drinking too, which… well, maybe it's not a fair comparison.
Dean doesn't let go of his wrist. He tugs a little, and Cas lets himself get pulled right up to the bed, but then he stops, because…
Dean has too many questions and every partial answer Sam gives him just adds more to the pile. His head still hurts and none of this is helping. He sinks his face into his palms for a second, ignoring his dad's voice in his head telling him never to take his eyes off the enemy.
"Your hands are freezing," Cas grumbled, but all he did was pull Dean closer, sharing his warmth.
They walk up and up, winding deeper into the foothills. It’s kind of… Honestly, it’s breathtaking. All that time traveling the country, driving back and forth, seeing all kinds of backroads and small towns, and Dean has never been to the Grand Canyon. He spent a day in Yosemite once, overwhelmed and small amid the splendor of the mountains and the sheer number of trees, and he’s wanted to go back ever since. He’s driven through the Badlands, through Yellowstone, but he hasn’t really gotten out and looked around as much as he would have liked. He’s always been busy. Dad always kept him busy, even when he wasn’t around to tell Dean no.
“I’ll teach you how to make something else,” Dean says when Jack looks disappointed. “What do we want? Burgers? Pasta? Chili?”
"I can manage his concussion," Cas' deep growl is saying, somewhere in the ether. "But I don't think… I'm not sure I've got enough power left for both it and his arm. I'm sorry."
Dean cracks one eye open and raises his eyebrow, peering at his brother.
Dean looks away, out at what passes for scenery in Kansas. It’s nice. A little copse of trees and a bit of flat grass that isn’t quite a meadow. It would be a good place to picnic, if Dean was the type of person who did picnics.
"When is Cas gonna come by?" Abe asks with a slight whine to his voice. "We haven't seen him in ages."
Dean doesn't know if he's relieved or not. Secretly, he's always kind of wanted kids. But he also can't imagine raising a kid with the way he lives, not even if he had a home base like this. He doesn't want to raise a kid like he was raised, for all he loves his dad.
Cas glances back over his shoulder, still sitting at his keyboard stool, and smiles at Dean. It’s the smile that always does Dean in, the one he’d do just about anything to see. It’s the reason he let Cas keep bringing stray animals into their home in the first place, the reason he buys Cas expensive dirt, the reason he makes himself take his meds on a regular basis even when he get in his own head about what it means about him.
“And you’ll get more. Open your email.”
It meant everything.
Dean opens the other eye and rubs them, feeling his shoulders sag. It isn't relief. It's… it's…
Jude makes little “vroom, vroom” noises, tugging at Dean’s shirt. Sam’s smile as it falls on his son is unbearably fond.
It's just…
Dean can't even be upset; he's just glad he can still make this Sam laugh. He pulls a mock grimace and waves a warning finger at him. "Hey man, you might be older than me in this timeline, but I'm still your older brother, I still raised you from a snot-nosed brat. I retain all rights to sagely advice, no matter what my alternate self has fucked up."
"Don't." Sam's not looking at him, staring down at his bag of mixed greens instead, but the lightness has gone from his voice. "That's not funny to me."
“Why d’you think I sent y’all on down?” There’s a child’s voice in the background and Garth says “No, you can’t bite your brother. I don’t care what he said. Nonviolent conflict resolution, buddy. Sorry, I’m back.” Garth’s voice comes closer to his phone again. “Anyway, I wanted to know what you lot made of it, hearing it for yourselves.”
Because the truth?
“Uh,” Dean says again, because he’s a lover of nature and all, but he’s never exactly been a hippie tree hugger. “Are you telling me trees have, like, feelings? Like, is this compassion?”
The sensation in Dean’s chest thrums and tugs at him as he looks at Cas, and it all comes toppling into place. Dean mutely holds out a mug of coffee to Cas, who takes it with a grunt, their fingers brushing in the trade-off. Dean clutches his own cup to his abdomen. He stares at Cas, overwhelmed by the sudden understanding of the physiological, chemical feeling in his body.
"Just… he's just someone I think we'd rather not remember, okay?"
Dean eyes him. “Yeah? What does your form look like, anyway? Do you have tentacles? I bet you have tentacles.”
Cas laughs, that little surprised laugh of his, smile showing his teeth, and Dean just…
John is out front chopping wood. He's wearing a red flannel shirt, blue jeans and black boots. When Mary comes out the front door with her arms full of gardening tools, she's dressed in almost the same outfit - boots, jeans, and a purple flannel. She smiles wide and her eyes light up when she sees Dean. It makes his heart - and, huh, interesting to know he still experiences the funny human quirks of a living body- contract in his chest. He grins back at her.
"You don't have to keep asking that. Yeah, man. I'm down."
Dean knows this is bad. He knows, and he can’t stop. He can’t talk about this and he’s going to burst into pieces any second now. He looks at Cas again, and Cas is staring at him, brow creased, eyes wide and furious.
"Yeah," Sam says, all gentle about it. "I know. Are you… what are you doing?"
Phone put back into his pocket, Dean tucks into his pile of eggs, bacon, and pancakes. He relishes thick coffee in his chipped mug, murmuring gratitude solemn as a prayer when Rhonda stops by to refill his cup. Cas eats his own omelet and side of strawberries, glancing over at Dean with a familiar fondness every now and then. Dean knows his face is probably doing that quasi-porno joy thing it does whenever he encounters truly sublime food, but he doesn’t even care. It’s been years since they stopped at Ma’s and Dean’s going to milk it for all its worth.
Cas leans his forehead against younger Dean's, still in Sam's lap, and Dean doesn't hear what he whispers to him as he finally pulls their clasped hands away from the wound to rest on younger Dean's stomach.
"We started fooling around maybe seven years ago? But we weren't really out and like together or whatever until two years ago."
Dean doesn't take his eyes off the floor. "How much did you have to drink, dad?"
"What about you, Dean? Are you just going to let him drag you everywhere the rest of your life? Just going to let him -"
Dean needs to be out of driving distance so he won't do something stupid like tell Cas he's in love with him or beg him to take him back or hell, maybe kill young Dean. Or tell Cas that he can have them both if he wants, that if he still wants this broken burnt up version of Dean, if he can have room in his heart for both of them…
“How’d you get cursed anyway?” younger Dean busies himself making toast, and Dean doesn’t miss the hint of accusation in his voice. Well, fuck him.
"It was Bobby." Sam shrugs, like this explains everything. And, thinking about the stubborn old drunk, it kind of does. "And we missed him. I still miss him, all the time."
John had molded Dean into a weapon before Heaven ever came calling. Dean learned young that pain didn't matter, that his best and only purpose was as a tool. That was his job.
They park about three miles down the road from the abandoned farmhouse that Sam's contact tipped him off about. The plan isn't much of a
“Once your soul leaves your body,” Cas says, and then has to pause and collect himself, shoulders heaving just once. “You would normally be met by a reaper, but I believe… Well, because there is already a copy of your soul here, once it is no longer contained in a corporeal form, I believe it will not stay in the same temporal space. Even the most paradoxical instances of time travel do not end with two copies of the same soul in Heaven or Hell, so it is my understanding that the pure, untethered form of the soul will be pulled back into your own time. The interdimensional physics of it is… ah… irrelevant. I believe you will simply be pulled back to the same moment you were taken.”
Sam squeezes his shoulders. “You do plenty,” he says, and shifts gears before Dean can argue. “If you want more projects, Eileen and I have decided to put in a bid on that house. You know, the one I showed you with the tire swing?”
Sixteen-year-old Dean stares at the gray of the wall and sinks into the pain, keeping his damn mouth shut as he feels the burn of the strap, the bite of the metal buckle raising welts across his skin. He deserves this. This is his fault.
"You mean when I stabbed you?"
’?” Dean snapped. “If I fail this class, I won’t meet my requirements and I won’t finish the stupid degree.”
"A particular type of dogwood, supposedly," Cas says.
responsible for other people. Or, I was. ‘Specially for Sam. And… Well, the guilt - if you’ve done bad things, terrible things, if you don’t feel guilty, doesn’t that make you a psychopath? Which, maybe I am, but I know some of the shit I done ain’t right. I don’t know if what I’m doing now is right. Hiding out here in the mountains, trying to live some kind of, I don’t know, normal life or retirement or whatever. Like I ain’t responsible for every person who dies because I’m not hunting.” Dean shuts his eyes for a moment, scowl fading as he shakes his head. “That’s on me, doc. It’s always been on me.”
But, God, the last time can't have been all the way back to Benny, can it? That's the last person Dean is sure of, but surely he's been with someone since Purgatory, surely there was a tipsy one night-stand in there somewhere or a hasty hookup in a grimy bathroom stall.
Cas does not think there is anything to say to Dean as he struggles with his guilt, his sense of failure, because Dean was the one who taught Cas how to feel guilt and shame in the first place. Dean taught Cas how to care - not in words, no, but in every action Dean has ever taken, everything he's ever done. It is stitched up in his very soul, that deep well of caring. Cas knows. Cas has touched that soul. He remembers, reaching Dean in Hell, expecting to find the Righteous Man who had been broken. And a part of him had been. A part of him still might be. But Dean's soul… it glowed and ached and pulsed, and… It wasn't beautiful in a way that Cas can find a way to make sense of in human language.
"Y'all get that I'm standing right here, don't you?" Dean interrupts. They all turn to look at him, Sam looking slightly guilty, Cas still curious, and Dean radiating anger.
Jack is something of a force of chaos in the kitchen, but older Dean is patient with him in a way that reminds Dean of Sammy, and he’s obviously eager to help. Older Dean gives him some potatoes to wash, peel, and chop, and Jack is painfully careful in the way he follows his instructions.
Dean’s voice broke and Cas reached for him automatically. Dean didn’t stop him, didn’t wince away from the hand resting on his shoulder blade.
Older Dean scowls at him, hesitates, and then, remarkably, tosses his keys to Dean. “Fine. You break anything, you’re fixing her.”
Dean feels stripped down. He's rubbed raw and vulnerable and he doesn't know what to possibly do with that. If they were awake, Dean would be drinking. He'd drink himself into a blackout. He'd stay low-key drunk for a couple of days, probably, pretending not to notice when Sam steals his keys or that glasses of water keep appearing outside his bedroom door. He'd numb and numb until he's numb enough to remember how to do it himself. Until he feels like he's at least wearing skin again, not just this mess of exposed veins and live wires.
“But I’m open to the tongue bath,” Cas amended, and when he kissed Dean’s elbow, he ran his tongue over the skin.
"I told you," Dean says, and leans in even closer to Cas, braces one hand on the back of the stool. Now-Dean stares at the way their bodies are aligned.
“If you, uh. If you’re worried about something coming after you, I’ll get it,” Dean offers awkwardly.
"Maybe later, Dean. We can switch when we outside Ohio. I wanna be sure we're not followed."
Dean heaves himself off the shelf and comes over. “Whatcha doing, Cas?”
Cas smiles at him, that smile that tells Dean that he is
as the self who knows of human love, that most unbearable force of nature. Cas dates himself this way - not by carbon or cells but by the part of him that tied itself to Dean the moment it touched his soul.
“Yeah, okay, fine. Thanks.”
If this is truly the only universe in which Cas, absolute chaotic shit that he is, full-on rebelled from Heaven for Dean, is this what he sensed somehow imprinted on Dean's fucking soul? The memory of a love they didn't yet know?
Sam's concerned exasperation is back. "What else do you suggest?"
The backseat of the Impala certainly isn’t meant for two people, and for some reason Heaven hasn’t thought to expand it under the circumstances, so Cas is half draped over Dean, their legs tangled, Cas’ face buried in Dean’s hair and Dean’s cheek resting against Cas’ chest.
The conversation veers for a time into Dean’s drinking habits, and it’s a relief to confess how much he still wants a drink sometimes, how he misses it in a physical way, the way he might ache for a person.
“Your kid did good,” Bobby’s saying, a slightly begrudging smile beneath his beard.
Sam looks down at his own drink now, not sure if he wants to smile at this Dean who is eleven years younger than him, or cry.
Cas was still on the bed, calling his name, and one of the dogs was licking his face and whining.
of splintering wood. Nothing else happens. Dean was holding his breath, hand inside his jacket pocket, half-expecting Apollo himself to show up, but there’s nothing. Cas just pressed his hands to the two spots where he ripped off the branches - ripped them like it was nothing - and skin glows faintly for a moment. When he steps away, the tree has healed over, just a little dent in the rough bark where the limbs used to be.
Dean is… he's drifting. He thinks about something he sometimes says to Sammy, his way of telling him without telling him, a line from a Wes Anderson film.
"I won't tell Sam," Cas says faithfully. He pauses, and Dean is afraid of that pause, afraid of the way Cas thinks. "You could though, you know. If you ever wanted to. I'm not saying you should, just that you can."
Dean pays for his fraudulent insurance copay under his fake name with his hacked credit card, and takes the clipboard and a ballpoint pen from the desk. He sits down in one of the serene white chairs and sets the clipboard on one leg, bouncing the other.
Dean had just… He’d just wanted to know. He wasn’t sure, really, because the things he did for money didn’t feel like sex and the kissing didn’t feel like pleasure or love or anything at all. So he’d figured he probably wasn’t gay, or whatever. Figured the passing thoughts of men in cowboy hats that sometimes barged uninvited into his shower time were a fluke, or a product of his work that he didn’t understand. Sure, he looked at men sometimes, always had, but he’d never acted on any of those guilty impulses. Not out of his own desire.
"Fuck. Sorry. Sorry."
"I am home," Cas murmurs.
That’s what Dean tells himself anyway.
Cas saw the track title
Dean doesn't understand Cas' hasty retreat into the kitchen or Sam's cough until he types the numbers in and realizes that it's his own birthday.
“Gotta let me go, man,” he says. “Just gonna… wear yourself out.”
Kansas is like this too; her roads unending, her scenery muted tans and greens, but that asphalt with its double yellow lines riding out into an unknowable distance.
Sure, Dean's been
Dean wasn’t laughing anymore, wasn’t joking his way out of this. His breath was shallow and his hands clenched and unclenched where they were bound above his head.
“Well, at least I made it into Heaven,” he says aloud to himself, because up until that moment, he really wasn’t sure. After everything, all of the mistakes he’d made, all of the things that he had done, the good and the bad, Dean was never really sure if he deserved this.
"Shit," Sam says.
"Watch who you're calling inanimate, you freaking cherub. Let's go."
Dean’s not sure this is strictly allowed, but he thinks it might be the best thing that’s ever happened to him.
Now-Dean is shaking, standing as far back from the couch as he can get in the small living room of the cabin.
Cas nodded, not quite hoping yet. "To touch and to be allowed to tell you how it feels to touch you."
"Good. She's good. Are you and Cas gonna make it over for Shabbat this week?"
"It's more work than I could have imagined."
“That was Sam,” he says. “I gave him an Enochian symbol to try and call me back if I hadn’t returned in two hours.”
Hesitantly, Dean puts his hand on top of Cas' where it rests on the railing. Cas opens his eyes, blinks at him, and then manages a weak but grateful smile. He spreads his fingers so that Dean's can slip into his and then they're just holding hands, like it's simple.
Dean understands what Cas is saying. Eventually, he too will come home. That he wants to come to the Heaven he deserves, and that isn't wherever he and Jack decide to send the angels. It's here. It's with his family.
"What do I… what do you want me to do with my hands? Can I touch you back, or…?"
Four-year-old Dean had looked so confused, like he hadn't expected to be hit, like he didn't even understand why it had happened, what he'd done to deserve it. And adult Dean can't… The thing is, adult Dean can't just watch a child get hit and say he had it coming. Not even when he's that child.
Cas knows what it is to be broken. He knows what it is to fail. What it is to betray his family, in every sense of the word. He knows, too, that if he were the one to have tripped the ward, he probably wouldn't survive it.
Dean is guessing it was taken a while ago, maybe even transferred from another phone, because the other Dean in this picture looks happier than Dean can imagine the grumpy older Dean he's met ever being.
Dean will ask what it means, he will, but he doesn't know how much more information he can take right now. So he shoots his third glass of whiskey back and finishes his beer before standing up.
“I hate you,” Sam mutters, rubbing irritably at his ear. “What do you want, jerk?”
Cas is still learning how to play, but his rendition of
*I know that CSU does not actually have a law school.
Dean can’t see it. He hasn’t been able to for a long time now. He just kept throwing himself at danger, figuring he’d do it until it took him out, the way he always knew he’d go. Dean always assumed he’d die bloody, and that would be that. A hunter’s death. One day, for good.
"Oh come on," the man says, rolling his eyes. "Relax. I'm not a cop."
"How'd you find me?" Dean asks by way of greeting, more annoyed than surprised.
Jack and young Dean don't seem immediately alarmed by this statement but Cas is starting to look guilty instead of angry - two of his staple emotions. Maybe the staple for all of them, really.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's okay. You don't have to explain yourself to me," Cas says. "And I don't expect… what we have in the future, in our timeline, it's taken years to come together. I don't imagine you would have felt particularly favorable to it when we first met either."
In the silence, Dean starts to feel dumb and self-conscious again.
Chapter Content Warnings: Major Character Death, dying scene, canon-typical violence, grief, overwhelming emotions, dissociation, (idk how to tag this but the two Deans kiss, it's not particularly sexual)
It’s just, it’s nice.
"Hmm," Cas said, letting his head rest gently against Dean's. "I suppose I'd rather have you, snakes or not."
"I'm sorry," he whispers, but it's not to Cas, not really.
"Alright boys. First time I've been glad we don't have lobster on the menu." Rhonda shakes her head, but her usual twinkle is still in her eyes. "Anyway, how's your brother doing, Dean? You still working together on whatever it is you do?"
“Well, thanks for your thoughts and prayers, I guess.” Dean doesn’t mean it to come out sounding sarcastic, but he’s not at his best.
Her blood sprays everywhere and Dean feels his adrenaline spike as flecks of it hit his face.
Younger Dean is getting water from the kitchen, watching them over his glass, and Dean thinks that, in another life, he wouldn't have been like this. Dean wonders if there's a world out there where he was allowed to grow up soft - a world where as a child he'd been kind and nurturing without having to be a parent, where he'd been loved and loving without having to be an emotional partner to his dad. But maybe the world wouldn't have let him grow up soft anyway, even if mom hadn't died. Maybe soft, fragile, pretty boys like Dean always get broken by life.
It's one of the few things Dean always knew he was naturally good at, why it seemed right to him that his life was going to be full of violence when he was practically born to shoot. His memory of the first time dad took him to shoot bottles off of an old fence has always been washed with gold, with that feeling of dad praising him. John had seemed genuinely impressed, openly proud of Dean for what felt like the first time in two years. It was one of the only times in his childhood that Dean felt like he'd actually done something right.
Dean has been working it over and over in his head these last few weeks. Maybe longer than that, but in a part of his subconscious that he couldn’t readily acknowledge without having a major fucking breakdown. Thing is, Dean’s never been allowed the time and space to have a proper breakdown. Not really. It usually just comes bursting out of him in a wave of aggression, all that suppressed hurt shooting out in a hunt or directed at the people around him. When things were too big to handle, he tucked that shit away and didn’t deal with it, because there was never time. The world was always ending or someone was dying or trying to kill them. There was always something else that needed to be put first. Dean’s fragile little feelings didn’t matter.
"There's more than one way to help people," Sam says. It's a tempered softness in his voice, a warning that his own patience won't last.
"Honestly, Dean? I think you're out here because you're being fucking suicidal." Sam's anger is back, but Dean recognizes this one as his mask for hurt and desperation. "And I'm not telling you this because I think you did the right thing with Cas. Whatever he deserves, Cas
"Cas, stop," younger Dean is saying, his voice hoarse.
“Yeah.” Dean sniffs and wipes his face off on his sleeve. There’s a box of tissues on the little table next to his chair, but he ignores them. “Fuck. I don’t know, doc. I’d do anything to keep him safe, you know?”
Dean kneels, or maybe he falls, and then he’s doubled over on the ground puking his guts out into the red dirt, bits of styrofoam, and plastic.
Older Dean hits his head on the cupboard door, emerging from behind it with his scowl back in place. “
"But we have a couple of things that will do it. We've got a demon knife, or an angel blade will work."
Fourteen-year-old Dean takes the cash and stuffs it into his inside jacket pocket. The man smiles, turns around and starts walking down the block, knowing that Dean will follow him.
Dean thinks about the burnt barn and connects a few dots. Not that it matters.
Dean cries quietly and when he gives in, he draws his knees up to his chest and buries his face in his jeans. They smell like dirt and grass and petrol. He can't remember the last time he washed them.
Dean doesn’t know if he believes that he deserved to be saved, not in so many words. He can’t get there that quickly after a lifetime of justification. It’s just that he’s starting to understand that he was a child. Just a dumb kid, someone adult Dean would want to protect himself.
Older Dean is obviously trying not to show his displeasure at the situation, so Sam chimes in.
It's tantamount to violation.
Dean makes himself turn his head and meet Cas' wide eyes. Cas looks absolutely wretched, which is something of a surprise. Dean was expecting anger or disgust, or at least basic confusion.
The rest of it plays out. John books another room, because even though there are two beds in this one and money is always a problem, he clearly can’t even look at Dean.
“Went to Arizona last weekend,” Dean says, looking at the carpet as usual. “There was a case in Bellemont, this little city outside Flagstaff.”
When he got to the Cave, Sam had opened the door, registered the room’s occupants, and said “There you are. I wa-” before he realized what he was seeing.
Cas shakes his head, their temples brushing together. “I do not think my Father counts.”
So what if they never said it out loud, never even knew it was reciprocated? Dean and Cas had been loving each other in feeling and action for a long time. It was obvious, now that Dean knew how to interpret it.
Sam closes his laptop, sighs, and clasps Cas' shoulder briefly as he walks by. Dean follows Sam out, down the stairs, then down another hallway into what seems to be an old-fashioned type of infirmary.
Dean might be broken or flawed, or however he sees himself, but he is still good. Still good.
He’s always wanted to tell Sam. He doesn’t know why it’s been so hard all their lives. Love is in everything they do. It’s in the fixed-up injuries, the punches they’ve landed on each other, the sweat and dirt of the road. It’s in the last bowl of cereal, in a Christmas present, in telling each other it will be alright.
It's the first time he's cried over it sober since he'd been left alone in the storage room. There have definitely been drunken bouts of sobbing, at least one night when Sam found him heaving over the toilet with tears all down his face, but that's the point of alcohol - if it can't actually numb the emotion then at least it's an excuse for the way you go about expressing it.
“Is there anything you’d like to talk about today, Dean?”
In all the times that Dean has been angry with Cas, the times he's been furious, even when he was literally ready to kill Cas, he's never looked at Cas the way he does with the mark burning through his veins.
It's just Jack, standing there with that slight smirk on his face like always, in spite of everything.
Dean wanders over, plucks the book out of Cas' hands, and pulls him to his feet.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Fine. Survival first.”
It was slow, until it wasn’t, until Dean begged him and Cas told him he deserved to have whatever he wanted, that he deserved to feel pleasure and happiness and love. Dean orgasmed with Cas breathing these things in his ear, and he kept his legs wrapped tight around Cas until he too had finished, and for some time after that, both of them collapsed in place and panting into each other.
He’s a damn delight, talking too fast, hanging on Dean’s words, laughing at Dean’s stupid jokes. Dean throws an arm around him at some point and drags him to the pool table where Dean precedes to teach him the game exactly the way he once taught Sammy. Jack is terrible, and then he gets the hang of it, squinting his eyes and muttering about math under his breath. It makes Dean laugh until Jack sinks three balls in one shot.
"You got it, Ace." Dean had fingered the scrap of paper in his pocket, trying to appear offhand. Graves had ruffled his hair before leaving the impala and getting into his own truck. Dean had listened to the sound of it fade away along the gravel road out in the middle of nowhere Nebraska, leaning back in his seat with his eyes closed.
“Cas…”
The screaming grows louder as Sam picks his son up, then turns to hiccups as he soothes him. Dean listens to Sam croon part of Hallelujah until the soft sounds of fussing peter out entirely.
"Says the man who
It makes the hairs go up on the back of Dean's arms. Now-Dean, tension coiled in his shoulders, watching this
Dean fights his way out of a tangle of sheets and miscellaneous debris, and groans as somewhere in his body several bones crack. He hobbles on out to the bathroom and takes his first shower in… well, truthfully he can't remember how long it's been, but it takes several rounds of scrubbing before he feels like the alcohol and general malaise aren't leaking out of his pores. He concentrates on the warmth and pressure of the water, on the solid task of washing himself down. When he steps out and wipes away the steam on the mirror, his reflection blinks back at him with a hard expression. Dean leans closer. This is the longest his facial hair's been in ages and there are a couple of silver hairs he's never noticed before.
“Yeah?”
Dean doesn't know how to undo the sad look on Cas' face, so he just hits the gas pedal.
One night after evening clean-up at the farmhouse, Dean rifles through his vinyl collection and puts on England Dan & John Ford Coley. He found it at a thrift store in Cheyenne for 50 cents, and that is the total summation of his justification for owning it.
Sam screamed Dean's name in the pit, too. At least in the beginning, when he still remembered how.
"Sammy…" Dean rubs a hand over his face. He's still tired. So tired he feels heavy all over.
Younger Dean, Cas, and Jack go to the zoo.
John and Sam stare each other down for a moment, the tension slowly rising. Dean hovers, braced.
“Who’s Charlie?” Dean asks, leaning against the breakfast nook and watching older Dean fumble around with pots and pans in the cupboard.
He thinks
It's a confusing thing for now-Dean - the levels of his detachment from the memories playing out before him are manifold. He's outside the memory, looking in, but he's also outside himself, external to all versions of Dean.
“Dean?”
Dean swallows, still torn really, on what he wants. “Uh. Goodnight, Cas.”
, was complicated, but seeing her like this, seeing her happy, made Dean's heart swell with warmth.
that he became there for the next ten years was just a scab, just the thinnest shell over his bloody, oozing, open sores. When he'd woken up topside in that pine box, he'd done everything out of instinct. He'd felt like he was in a dream. He'd just tried to pretend he was still some version of himself, something other than the whites of his own eyes and the copper taste on the back of his throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nods. He believes it. Nothing is ever quite as good as the memory of his mom's pie, but he accepts that that's probably nostalgia more than anything. It's still his favorite comfort food.
"The rest of this is mostly clothes and books, guys, nothing too exciting. Where's Charlie, anyway?"
Dean shakes his head, but he says "I didn't mean… sorry. I didn't mean to make this about me. I just… Sam. Jesus. Fuck. I'm so sorry."
Even in his most martyred fantasies, Dean's not ready to think about Cas and young Dean. He just can't.
Dean's addicted to the pain, to the guilt. He can't let it go, can't stop touching the wound. He can't admit that's what he's doing either, not until it all overflows at once. His cracks are always just at the surface, held in constant tension, one more loss away from self-destruction.
"Ineffable," Cas repeats. "I suppose you could say that. Inscrutable. Intolerable. I'm not much of an angel, you know. Not how you'd understand us to be if you could have met the rest of my garrison. We are warriors of God, soldiers of Heaven. I rebelled and fell a long time ago, Dean. A long time in human years, anyway. And even after I fell, I wanted to believe in my Father. I've always tried to have faith, like a good son, a good soldier. It is not a simple thing, to look on the face of God and wonder if He is fallible."
“Is… something wrong?” Cas asks after a minute has gone by without either of them speaking. Dean is aware that there might be something a little bit keening in his own gaze.
Dean ignores Sam's frequent glances. He can feel his brother's eyes on him and he wants to snap at him but the stupid pop music is too loud, and anyway, it wouldn't do any good. It could only lead to talking, and that's out of the question. Sam is too fixated on talking. He might be right, but Dean doesn't have to accept that.
For a long time, Sam recited the Bible to keep himself moderately sane in the pit. He had memorized most of the Old Testament back on earth, because it seemed the thing to do in a biblical apocalypse, and when reciting it was no longer enough, he'd started translating it in his head.
Sam didn’t get a full ride to Stanford all those years ago just because the admissions office knew he was dirt poor. He’s smart, clever, resourceful. He’s always been good at whatever he put his mind to.
Like Dean hadn't spent half their childhood keeping Sam out of the way, taking the fall, getting between them.
By the time he got back to the living room, Cas had lain back down in his slacks and white undershirt, looking uncertain there on the edge of the bedroll. Dean sighed and turned off the lights. He made his way back to Cas in the dark and flopped down next to him, close enough to feel his body heat. Cas' hand hesitantly went to Dean's hip, and Dean let himself be drawn in again, putting one hand up the front of Cas' shirt, the other up the back.
“Okay, fine.” Dean’s only human. He can only talk his past self up for so long. “You don’t have to be with young Dean. But you can’t be with me.”
He loves him.
It's almost funny to hear ten-year-old Sammy swear like that.
“Dean?” Cas leans up a little so that he can see Dean’s face, and his voice is so full of gentle concern it could break Dean. “Are you okay? What’s wrong?”
Or another time, in Dean’s room under the covers, naked and sweat-slicked, they had been lying facing each other, legs tangled, just enough space to stare into each other’s eyes. Dean told him that much eye contact wasn’t normal once, but not like he wanted to stop. Cas told him that Dean’s eyes remind him of his soul. Green and flecked with gold and shining.
Sam and Cas stared at each other, both frozen, Sam like a deer in the headlights, Cas like a kid who’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, so to speak. One of his hands had been stroking Dean’s hair, the other resting on Dean’s side.
"Hey!" Dean interrupts their argument again. "I'm not just some copy of a person."
Twenty-two-year-old Dean can't imagine leaving the life, and he'd never even try to imagine leaving Sam. Was it really so unreasonable that he'd expected the same from his brother?
Dean's body has never really been his. John taught him that, long before Dean was supposed to be the sword of Heaven, before he let Michael in, before he was a demon, before he took the Mark, before he'd ever sold his body to someone else's pleasure.
Dean looks down at his hands, picking at the dirt under his nails. He’d helped Cas pull up weeds that morning. It was so normal. His life was fucking normal now, this was all ridiculous.
This passing madness aside, Cas hadn’t thought about his feelings for Dean in terms of sexual desire. The farthest he ever let his thoughts go was imagining touching him - a hand on his face, in his hair, hugging him longer than the seconds their near-death experiences afforded them. He just wanted to hold Dean, wanted to keep him safe. And he knew that, too, was impossible.
Cas kissed Dean's knuckles. "Are you sure?" he asked again.
Dean gets in his car with his two gallon bucket of cream-colored paint and a new roller brush. He's feeling a little lightheaded, but it's possible that he just hasn't eaten enough. He's… working on that. Jody had looked so concerned for him when he'd showed up in South Dakota, a good fifty pounds lighter than the last time she'd seen him. Dean doesn't want to make anyone worry anymore. He just forgets sometimes, gets sidetracked staring off into nothing and feeling the tempo of his grief beat on the inside of his skull.
Cas is still glaring off into the distance, which, to Sam, is starting to feel like another warning sign.
“This is
"So you were…? You and Cas were..?"
Dean is aching and lonely, and he doesn't deserve comforting, he was an asshole, he knows that. This thing with his younger self is opening wounds he thought had healed, and then he'd almost gotten himself killed, and his past self might piss him off but Dean is so tired of the people around him dying. He's so tired of burning bodies.
Sam laughs and runs a hand through his ridiculous hair.
If Dean and his future self both live through the next few days, Dean might punch him again.
“Well. Yeah. But…”
“I do not want to hurt either of you,” he murmurs. “Please believe me, Dean, that the way I feel about you is as real as any love I have ever known. I would give you anything, but despite my feelings, despite the fact that you are yourself, I think it would hurt your future self immensely if those feelings were made physical. And I… I can’t. I have hurt him so many times already.”
Sam leans his elbows on the mattress, the mattress that faithfully remembers the shape of Dean, looking at his brother's slack face and prone form. Sam wears a lot of his sadness on his face these days. He's been different, ever since Hell. Who wouldn't be? Dean was different after Hell too, and he's different now, has been different ever since the mark, even now that it is no longer burning on his skin. But where Sam let all that pain and trauma turn him into something new, Dean was still trying to stuff all of that back into the same box of emotionally constipated, repressed self-hatred he'd been carrying his whole life.
Older Dean's laugh is bitter. "Nothing changed, man. You gonna tell me you don't think about Dr. Sexy or Tom Selleck in the shower sometimes? I'm
Cas frowns a little himself, eyes wandering over the shelves of plush animals. “Don’t children deserve to be spoiled?”
Of course, Dean blew hot and cold. It wasn't like they had a lot of time to themselves anyway, always kept busy fighting one evil or another. But even so, Dean was warm and affectionate and holding Cas' hand while he drove one moment, and couldn't meet his eyes the next.
It's one of the photos Dean took that day in New Mexico. The only photos they've ever taken of just themselves. Dean was the one who wanted it, of course, who pulled out his phone and rearranged them so they'd both be in the shot. Cas hadn't really understood camera phones, still doesn't, but he'd gone along.
That's how Dean remembers it, anyway. He's not sure it's really true. He's not sure… Looking at himself from fifteen years ago, all that aching loneliness and repression and guilt and sense of worthlessness… Dean's not sure that he's ever been okay.
“Cas!” Dean knows his own voice is desperate, but he can’t. He can’t do this alone. Not now.
They are not, in fact, low on bones at all, but the fruit thing is true. The ritual for summoning Crowley, fusspot that he is, is very specific.
Baby is his home too, of course. Always will be. There's plenty to be said about having a home with wheels, one you can take with you. There's a lot about the life that Dean really does like - it's all he's ever known, but it's also what he's good at. He travels, he fights, he saves people. He's got his car and music and the open road.
Cas and now-Dean follow the other Dean back out to the Impala without speaking. They drive for awhile again, back the way they came, and then onto a highway for a few minutes before taking an exit that takes them out past a farm and then to an empty looking building that sits at the junction of a crossroads.
Most of all, though, Dean thought it hadn’t mattered because he’d convinced himself in the very beginning that it could never happen. Not because Cas was a guy, or close enough - Dean’s still not sure he understands the whole angel gender thing if he’s being honest - but because he was an angel, and not like Anna was an angel. Anna was already fallen when Dean met her, graceless and living as a human for years. Dean had convinced himself that no matter how much he corrupted Cas, he was still an angel. He’d never grown up as a human or had a real mother or father. He’d never seemed interested in romance, even if he’d shown mild curiosity in sex once or twice. Cas was always a holy mission unto himself, and Dean just… Dean told himself that Cas couldn’t feel that way, that it wasn’t in his programming. He loved the Winchesters, yes, like family, but that didn’t mean he understood or wanted any other kind of love.
"Thank you," Cas says suddenly.
It started with a fish.
, to understand what woke him.
It’s a little different, entering the zoo as an adult. For one thing, the admission price has gone way up since 1993, and for another, everything looks smaller. For a moment, as Dean is paying for tickets with the hacked credit card Sam gave him, he feels silly for suggesting this outing. But then he glances at Jack, and it’s hard to tell with him, but he’s pretty sure that’s excitement on his face. The kid is still three, after all.
Dean follows him, quiet, thinking this through and feeling his own little human feelings about it. It's a romantic notion, sure, to think about nature like that. And honestly, Dean's always been pretty shit at science that wasn't homemade hacked engineering, so what does he know? It feels natural to anthropomorphize the trees.
Content warnings in end notes.
"Uh…" it's another pause full of the unspoken. "God and the divine plan is a long story. But yeah, basically."
Younger Dean gives a little jerk of his head. “Okay,” he says. He sounds almost sleepy.
"Yeah."
It stung, but Dean ignored it. He got down to the business of hustling pool, taking his time drinking a beer at the bar and eyeing his potential targets. He eventually settled on two young frat-looking guys, set it up, and swindled the hell out of them. They cursed him on their way out, but they didn’t pick a fight and Dean had doubled his money, so he was in a considerably better mood.
Dean narrows his eyes at Cas' impassive face. The guy has something of a flat affect thing going on sometimes, but Dean's pretty sure that's not what this is.
“Are you writing that I’m delusional?” Dean asks. He can’t help himself, anymore than he can help the defensive tone in his voice.
"It was a few days," Dean insists. His head is spinning dangerously. There's a bad taste in the back of his mouth.
Things still aren’t easy. It’s never
Dean smiles a little and younger Dean hesitantly returns it.
Dean's not worth staying.
"Huh," Dean huffs to himself, staring at them. Not long ago, he would probably have pulled them out, but he finds he can't bring himself to care beyond a slight morbid curiosity. He's getting old. There's physical proof of it building up there on his face and in the popping of his knee.
“Do you believe that you deserved that safety too, Dean?” Hank says it carefully, like he’s aware that he’s driving the nail home.
They don't talk on the drive. Sam tries to, but Dean turns the music up uncomfortably loud and Sam eventually sits back with crossed arms and a frown. Dean pulls off the highways and drives a little ways down a dusty road, gets waved through the park entrance, and steers them to an empty parking lot.
Actually, Dean is struggling to think of the last time he had sex, and it's making him feel panicky that he can't remember. If he doesn't count demon-Dean, and he doesn't, then… God. Dean can't remember. He knows he hasn't brought anyone back to the bunker, obviously, but surely he'd hooked up with a waitress or something on one of their road trips. He's coming up suspiciously empty and it makes him feel kind of queasy. He used to pick up someone new, mostly women, on almost every trip. It was part of proving to himself that he was desirable, that he wasn't all-the-way-down broken, at least. Plus it was fun.
"I…" Dean licked his lips and swallowed again. "Sometimes I feel so selfish, the way I want you."
Cas makes a pained sort of sound that might have started as a laugh. He leans down and presses his lips to younger Dean’s forehead. “You are so loved,” Cas whispers against his skin.
The wave of denial and anger that Dean has been riding for six months crests and crashes, bringing him tumbling down into the riptide. Grief seizes him and buckles him over. It winds him, leaves him gasping like a blow to the stomach. Everything is blurry, everything aches, and Dean grips his fists into his own hair and sobs.
It’s the week after the two year mark of Chuck’s death - or whatever it was that really happened to him when he got absorbed into Jack. Dean’s not sure “death” is the right word for it exactly, not with the way Cas tried to explain his own understanding of omnipresence.
“It’s just… I was just thinking, what else have we missed?”
Dad had another family.
"You do not need to seek absolution, Dean," Cas said, voice gentle as his hands, gentle as that First Corinthians kind of love.
John stops, his hand still raised, panting, looking down at Dean like he's vile - no, worse than that, like he's nothing.
"I'm not sure I deserve that," Cas said, but his fingers traced through the stubble of Dean's cheek, light as a feather. "But I will try to, Dean. I will try to deserve your trust."
"Thank you for your assessment of my powers," Cas says dryly. "Next time I will ask for your opinion on nonlinear interdimensional geometry before becoming a dispersed wavelength of electromagnetic radiation."
Cas ignores him. He pours coffee into one of the old mugs and sighs into it. Angels certainly don't have to drink coffee, but Cas just seems to like it at this point. Or maybe he likes the morning ritual of it, the three of them, or four with Jack, gathered around their mugs, discussing a case or leads.
Dean scowls at her, but he can’t muster up any menace for it. His hands are shaking a little. “Dude, he’s obviously banging older me. I am not going to step in that mess.”
Dean’s crying again, there in his driveway. He finds himself doing it fairly regularly. Not sobbing or anything, just a few quiet tears that spill out when he’s not present enough to hold himself back.
It's Frank Sinatra's "Fly Me to the Moon."
“Sam? Sammy?”
"Sam." Dean gets off the hood, abandoning his half-drunk coffee there. He doesn't know what he's doing, if he's going somewhere, if he's running, but he can't just sit there and listen to this. "Don't."
"Okay, okay, I get it. Look, you a Nazi, Sam?"
The way Charlie talks about it makes it seem like people live their whole lives on the internet now.
"Did I not do it right?"
Cas lets out a deep sigh - it’s full of such immutable sadness that Dean is reminded once again that this is someone who has been alive for all of human history.
It’s just that for a while, just deep kisses and quiet little moans and the slow roll of their hips pushing against each other. Just this holy communion of bodies.
talk about it, getting pissed and ignoring Sam the couple of times he's tried to broach the topic. It's not like Sam's ever really expected anything else, but he wishes they could have that conversation, just get it out there. If nothing else, it's one of the countless unpayable things for which he wishes Dean would let Sam thank him.
"The Gila Wilderness, which is just part of the Gila National Forest, was the first wilderness reservation in the U.S. There are some truly magnificent species native to this region, including the Gila monster."
“Yes. Did you?”
It’s not neatly separated, either. It’s like… It’s like the way Dean feels about his body in general - that’s about
Dean is thinking again about things he'd rather ignore. He's thinking about the last time he'd died and how he wanted with such a deep unsettling calm for it to be final. He's thinking about younger Dean saying "you've got
Dean raises his eyebrows. "Why?"
Dean doesn’t fill in the details. He doesn’t bring up Mary coming back, or Jack taking over the role of God, or his last terrible blowout with Cas, or his past self appearing out of nowhere and watching that self die. He sticks to the cleanest plot he can string together: Chuck had been fucking with them their whole lives, moving pieces around like a chess game, killing off their loved ones, driving Dean and Sam back to each other over and over again.
When they reached the end of the trail, they found themselves at a cliff with no railing and a drop that looked out over a riverbed with just a trickle of water running through the red rock.
The cherry trees here are still relatively small, nothing like the towering redwoods in Yosemite that had made Dean breathless and bound to their beauty. And yet…
The thing that Cas really, really likes is one they can’t do very often. Dean will never admit it, but Cas knows it’s something he needs at least a full day after to recover from, and they just don’t get that kind of guaranteed time together very often.
Right. Dean kind of forgot.
Dean likes the Shabbat dinners, though. It’s nice to have a set time carved out for family dinner, and there’s something about tying it to spirituality that sets it apart as its own thing, like a little reflective celebration every week. It’s just nice to
"No, I-" Cas breaks off, starts again, quieter this time. "I'm afraid I never learned."
"I'm gonna go ahead and say that's a lost cause," Dean says, cheerfully ignoring the tomato slices and kale salad that's been set out beside the sandwiches. "Jesus, Sammy, when did you learn to cook? This is fantastic."
He does know how he feels about it. He's too raw and cracked open not to know how he feels. But if they can just get through this and wake up, he's pretty sure he can kill that with alcohol and several solid weeks of avoiding Cas.
And yet, Dean does find himself repeating those words in his head sometimes:
Dean's vision of romance gets shoved to a back corner when he flips the pages of the book. He tries to read the first two poems and they cut straight through him.
As Dean pulls into the garage and parks his baby in her spot, creeping up the stairs and down the silent corridor to his room, he wonders if young Dean still knows how to be in love.
Sam joins him, finally unfolding all of his indecently long limbs as he looks out at the red rock and sparse dotting of vegetation spread out for miles far beyond them, and then at his brother.
Jack stops chopping potatoes for a moment and looks thoughtfully at older Dean. “I bet I could make one. Should I try?”
"Maybe," Sam says, shrugging. "Maybe they bicker like an old married couple because they're just best friends. Maybe when they fight the tension is so thick you could cut it with a knife because they're both just that intense. Maybe Cas sneaks out of his room some mornings because they're up all night talking. Maybe Dean makes Led Zeppelin mix-tapes for all his buddies."
“Well,” Sam taps his fingers against the table. “I’m not sure yet. There were a couple survivors from the massacre at Crete, and it seems like maybe they used something from the armory that was blessed by another god, but that sounds like it was a shield and not a weapon. Still, could be something. Cas says the translation is a mess, so we’re trying to figure out what that actually was.”
"Look, I know. I know this is, uh, weird."
“I will understand if it makes you uncomfortable, but if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to watch over you.”
As he passes on his way to the bathroom, he is pretty sure he catches a glimpse of older Dean's hand resting on Cas' leg under the table.
Older Dean cracks open one eye. “That’s it? Just ‘okay’?”
"Yeah?" Dean's voice sinks to gravel levels as he narrows his eyes at Sam. He tries to tell him silently
"Half an hour ago I didn't believe in time travel, so try me."
Dean and Cas drive down to Fort Collins that Friday, as they usually do. Jude flings himself on Dean the moment they walk in the door, letting out his usual shriek of delight. Dean picks the toddler up and tosses him in the air a few times before crushing him close and kissing his cheek. Jude squirms in his arms, reaching out for Cas, who takes him with a soft “Hello, Jude.”
It's a quick walk down to the lake and no one is out there - it's the middle of the week and it's getting brisk out. The sky is a little cloudy, but the sun is out in full view at the moment and as Dean stands on the shore he tilts his head up to it, lets himself feel the warmth on his face.
"Are you okay?" Cas whispered finally, his breath tickling Dean's ear. "Was that okay?"
me, and at least I had you. I know I didn't have it half as bad as you did."
So at the age of six, when Sammy was just a toddling two year-old, Dean had called a local pediatrician. He'd made John take them, because already Dean was acutely aware of the dangers of Child Protective Services. It was why they never let maids in to clean the room when he and Sam were staying somewhere by themselves. John had driven and walked them in and faked the insurance paperwork, but it was Dean who scheduled it, Dean who held Sammy's hand, and when he wouldn't stop crying and fighting the doctor it was Dean who asked Sam if he wanted Dean to go first, to show him it was okay. Sam had watched, big ol' eyes still watery with tears as Dean let one of the doctors jab him with something, and just like that Sam had gone all limp and trusting.
So he knows, when Dean starts crying, that this isn’t just the post-coital release that they both sometimes get caught in.
Cas smiles, all genuine pleasure. "The best pie in Kansas, from what I hear."
"Dean," Cas says. He puts out a hand and Dean practically leaps back from him, even though he's already crammed up against the corner behind the door. Cas gets the message and lowers his hand slowly, visibly, like you would to a scared animal.
"Well hello! Haven't seen you boys in a minute. You back on the road for work?"
The fourth door bursts into flames.
He remembers exactly how it felt when John drops the belt, panting, turning Dean around roughly. There are tears in his eyes as he shakes him. Then he’s throwing Dean to the ground with a thud, the newly formed sores on Dean’s back rippling with pain at the contact, and John is on top of him, and they’re fighting, somehow, even though Dean never fights back, even though it’s futile. Dean remembers being off-balance, nauseated, not thinking straight and his body taking over for once, fighting his dad off like he would with any other attack. But he’s seeing double, and then John is pinning him down and his large hand is wrapped around Dean’s throat, cutting off his air.
"You're not going to like them." Sam sighs. Dean can just picture him running a hand through his sleep-tousled hair. Dean misses his brother intensely, almost every day. It's not like they don't see each other or talk on the phone or at least text several times a week. But it's different. Living life without Sammy directly in his line of sight, without him in reach, leaves an ache in Dean's chest.
“Holy Jiminy Cricket,” she says. “Wow.” She steps toward Dean, hand extended. "I'm Charlie, presumably your new best friend."
Sam kisses his cheek again. "Well, close enough."
Cas hesitates, his glare slipping as he looks past Dean's shoulder into some middle distance. "There were norse gods, weren't there?"
“Hey Cas?”
Dean shuddered on the floor of his bedroom some eight or nine years after clawing his way out of the grave, spasming in the cold-sweat of his bare chest. Cas' hand on his skin was like fire.
Dean wants all of that, wants it so bad that he can almost feel it push against the back of his teeth. He’s had all of it before, he has it, and he’ll have it again. For the first time maybe ever, Dean is able to believe that.
Older Dean slaps his hand away. “Don’t. Just… don’t.”
"You always say that. Do you have any idea how fucked up that is?" Sam steps forward, closing the space between them and grabs Dean's wrist. He's not holding him hard, but Dean is instantly braced for a fight. And then he hates himself for that too, because it's Sammy. If he can't let Sam touch him, then he doesn't know what the fuck he even has a body for.
Dean grins up at the waitress, a genuine fondness enthused in his usual charm. "Rhonda, you haven't aged a day. I'm afraid the whole operation moved out west about three years ago, Cas and I are just lucky enough to be passing through."
Cas looked at Dean like he was something holy, said his name like a litany.
Fourteen-year-old Dean turns to the backseat again. "What? Are you crazy?"
Sam blinks, taken aback, and lets go of Dean to hold both hands up. "Whoa. I was just joking. Chill."
Like, fluffy wings and a halo? Angels like there's a God and a heaven and a divine plan?"
But Dean’s not allowed to want things. Never has been. There was no point. He wasn’t going to get a home, or a father who stayed, or a mom who wasn’t dead. There was no point in wanting safety, security, stable love. That’s not his life. Those are things for other people, things he tries to protect, things he always tried to give Sammy, but what Dean has wanted hasn’t mattered since he was four years old. It’s futile. It’s weak.
Younger Dean gives Dean's hand another squeeze before he lets go. "Don't... fuck this up," he says, his words coming out strained now as he struggles to breathe.
Eighteen-year-old Dean kneels over the body for a long time, panting, frozen. He doesn't cry.
Not that Sam has never witnessed Dean having a panic attack, but it’s been a minute.
Sam's frown only gets deeper. "What?"
"And it's not like I'm gonna get better. Not at this. And it just… it feels selfish to… I mean, you could go find someone who could actually give you a life together. You should. Fuck, you really should, Cas. Because I can't do it. You know I can't."
“It’s nothing, kiddo,” older Dean says. “Don’t worry about it.”
Cas frowned. "That was the one we just listened to with the ending bit shouting about pudding? I didn't attend a school, Dean."
, again, and things never turn out well for them when he does this shit.
"Oh, awesome, yeah," he says. "Yeah, I could so do pie."
The night air was cold, though, so he didn't stand around with his feelings for long, just slipped back in through the busted up backdoor.
"Just come here."
"Yes. I'd still like to hear what you have to say about it."
Dean thinks Sam's friendship with Cas is kinda cute, actually. Dean has always known how smart his kid brother is, and even when they were younger and annoying each other, Sam never actively tried to make Dean feel stupid. But Sam never really had anyone to talk to about, like, physics or whatever. Dean couldn't keep up with him on that kind of stuff. Dean did everything he could to encourage it when they were younger, always made sure Sammy had books and half a chance at succeeding at school. But a high school drop out who liked Vonnegut, guns, and tinkering on cars could only follow along so closely.
In the end, Cas comes with him to the rescheduled appointment. It was that or be chaperoned by Sam, and it’s embarrassing enough to have your little brother pick out your therapist for you, Dean doesn’t need Sam hovering there like a guard dog. Instead, he checks in again at the front desk, and this time he hands the intake form to Cas without looking at it. Dean flips open a magazine and tries to read it while Cas busily writes what seems to be a short novel on the form. Dean doesn’t look at what he’s written, just stares blankly at a centerfold ad for some sort of watch he’d never buy.
Chapter titles:
But hear me out.
sex. Not once has it remained purely physical. Not even the couple of times it’s just been a handjob in the back of the Impala or whatever. Whatever the bond is between them, it’s profound alright. It’s dizzying. Fucking intoxicating. It’s not just the quality of the sex, although it’s that too, it’s that there is some weird, vibrant energy between them that Dean just doesn’t
“So, you said you weren’t sleeping, huh?”
“No, no, you’re right. Let’s just get it over with.”
phone, Dean realizes.
Now-Dean can see it on the other Dean's too-open face, does not need the flash of future-memory to know that her affection hits him deep. The nickname and the hug both make his stomach warm.
Occasionally, it comes up when he sleeps with women. But Dean has always just powered on through. It felt like something else, when women wanted him just for his body, his looks. Maybe it shouldn’t, maybe it’s part of his
"Yes."
"I'm up, Cas." Dean's voice sounds defeated.
Dean feels the whiskey seeping in, the way he can't hold on to thoughts in his usual tightening spirals, the way everything kind of flatlines. He lets it go, lets it all smooth out. Just him and hunter's helper pulling him through.
Mary was crying now, still smiling, and her voice was choked. "My little angel. You took care of all my boys, didn't you? Took care of Sammy for me, took care of John. There's so much of me in you, and I'm so glad and so sorry. I wish I was there to take care of you, Dean. I meant to be there, always."
"But he wants him t-"
And that was how Dean ended up taking his mom to meet a guy named Cedric out behind a bar in Smith Center - and never mind how or why Dean had Cedric’s phone number. On the way back, Mary told Dean ruefully about how she’d mostly smoked to rebel against her parents, and how she’d only stopped because John hadn’t approved.
Cas abruptly lets go of Sam's shoulder and shrugs off his trenchcoat. He takes off his shoes, then his jacket and tie.
"You've never asked me what I want," Cas repeated. "You make it sound like I have expectations of you, like I'd ask you to be something you're not. I don't, and I wouldn't. I have never complained about what you feel able to share with me."
"Nothing about it was your fault. I knew what I was doing when I said yes to Lucifer, what that meant for me. And even though I made you promise not to try and get me out, of course you did. You tried everything. And you were the one who took all sorts of risks to get my soul out of there. And when things, uh, got complicated, you're the one who kept me here. None of it is on you."
, because he is a high school drop out with five bucks to his name and nothing in particular to offer anyone except the open road.
Sam takes a deep breath. "Okay. Look. Don't freak out, but you and Cas are kind of… you know."
Cas is just standing there, frowning down at the ground with what Dean can only decipher as mourning in his face.
After everything, Cas is still insistently, obnoxiously, awkwardly, trying to tell Dean that he's not worthless. After he's seen so much more than anyone else was ever supposed to.
he thinks.
They can't work through everything in one hug. But it's something. It's a start.
Dean's shoulders shook, but he wasn't crying, not really. Cas was so tender with him and Dean wanted to tell him not to be, tell him that Dean didn't deserve goodness to be placed on him like that.
Cas lets out a surprised huff of laughter. He chances sliding his fingers back onto Dean's hair, and Dean doesn't protest.
"Huh," Dean says. He doesn't know what the feeling in his gut is, exactly. "So, are you… I mean, I guess, are we…?"
Cas wondered when Dean had learned to keep his tears silent. If it had come from hiding it from John, from Sam, from the world.
Well, they were at the very least standing there, swaying in time with the music. Dean’s face was ducked down so that his cheek was brushing against Cas’ and he had his eyes closed. One hand was holding Cas’ hand, the other on Cas’ waist, Cas’ other hand on his shoulder.
Dean can’t help smiling a little at the thought. “Okay. Yeah. Okay. Fuck it. Let’s go.”
"You leave your mouth open like that, Sammy, the flies'll get in," Dean says, taking a sip of his coffee. "You got something to say?"
Christ.
in the “war room” and Eileen waves off Sam’s promise that he’ll be right out.
Older Dean closes his eyes. He nods, not saying anything.
In the end, Dean didn’t even fail the test. He didn’t graduate with flying colors or anything, but he did graduate for the first time in his life. He refused to do the community college ceremony with the caps and gowns and whatever, but Sam threw confetti in his face at a celebratory barbecue and that felt pretty good.
One year in, Dean coming to him just to be held, just to cuddle up to Cas like this, it made all the light inside Cas thrum.
Maybe it was long ago, now that Dean thinks about it.
"Will you murder me if I ask for egg whites?" Sam asks, darting out of reach as Dean tries to smack him with the spatula.
*sweats profusely*
Sam leans back on the workbench. "You got a minute? I want to talk to you about something."
Dean is trying so desperately to climb out of his own head right now because he can't bear it. Because Sam is right, and Dean hates so much of what he's become, hates how broken and fucked up he is and how he doesn't even have the strength or decency to keep all that in, how he has to let it spill over and fuck up other people too. Dean is poison. He gets people killed, and when they aren't actively dying because of him, he's doing shit like this without even realizing it.
Content warnings in end notes
"It's science and math, Dean." Cas pauses for a moment, then adds "Which I suppose could be how the universe writes poetry."
"No, it's nothing like that." Sam's hesitant, shifty tone isn't exactly reassuring. "It's nothing bad, it's just… complicated."
“Dean.” Sam’s sigh was deep and exasperated. “Okay, look, let’s talk it through. What happens if you
Content Warnings in end notes
Sam’s expression softens and Dean looks down at his knees.
Two years in, the last time Dean checked in on Sam, he was down on one knee, signing the question "Will you marry me?"
“It’s not… It’s not like that, okay? It’s complicated.” Older Dean lets out a frustrated sigh and stands up, like he’s too tense to sit still any more. “There’s so much about me and… me and Cas that’s complicated. You know he’s like a billion years old? And at the same time, he’s basically a toddler at being human. Human-ish, anyway. He’s a weird celestial being, and I’m fucked up, and our lives are messy as shit. Cas is my best friend. First best friend we ever had, by the way. So yeah, it’s maybe a little bit about him being a guy, but it’s not just that.”
“One point of contention,” Dean says into the somewhat sleepy silence they’ve fallen into.
Dean’s not sure he would have ever figured out his crap with Cas - as much as he has figured it out, anyway - if he hadn’t been with Benny first.
Dean pinches between his eyebrows. "Sam…"
Cas had made a concerted effort to give him more space than usual, gone out of his way not to touch Dean in any of their normal little gestures. But Dean kept coming into Cas' personal space, kept bumping their shoulders in passing, kept brushing their knees under the table. It took Cas an embarrassingly long time to realize that it was on purpose.
There's a hand on his arm, and a twist and
Because it is something more than sex, something that after all this time still feels sacred, Dean gets caught on the language he’d normally use. It doesn’t feel adequate, doesn’t feel holy enough to say that he slides his palm down Cas’ cock, slicking him up from head to base, cupping his balls just for the sound Cas makes. It feels dirty in a way that is antithetical to the sacrosanct golden warmth of the act itself to say that Dean goes on his knees to lift his hips up, keeping a hand on the base of Cas’ cock, and presses his own body weight down until it pushes inside him. There are no prayers written for this that Dean knows about, but there should be. It should be some sort of catechism, the way it feels.
Dean gives an exaggerated shudder. "Don't say it like that, it gives me the creeps. Me being forty - that's a damn miracle. You at forty - impossible. You are still two years old and calling me 'DeeDee.'"
"No," John says flatly. Both boys look at him. Now-Dean winces. He can't help it. That dead look in John's eyes is such a giveaway.
Sam waves his hand vaguely at the ceiling. "You. Practically pushing other Dean on Cas like that. What are you up to?"
“Dude, are you getting any of this?” Dean asks. “It’s like fucking poetry.”
"Okay, you were not wrong, this is awesome," Dean says around his second mouthful.
“I’m just saying, I don’t think you should judge yourself for how you did in school when you were a child.”
"Okay," Sam says eventually into his hands. "Okay. I'm gonna say some stuff now that I should have made you listen to years ago, but I was trying to let you do things on your terms, you know? I mean Christ, if you couldn't even come out to me, I wasn't gonna poke that wild animal. But Jesus, man, enough is enough." Sam raises his shaggy head and props his chin on his fist, staring out at the view instead of at Dean, which Dean thinks is probably for his sake more than Sam's.
Dean plows through, now that he's started. He doesn't sketch in much detail, and younger Dean doesn't really ask any questions, just lets him talk.
This is Heaven.
wrote Sappho.
They stop for dinner at a diner midway back home. It isn’t until they’re sitting down eating, that Dean thinks to check his phone. He actually managed to forget about his idiotic older self for a little while, or at least, the current somewhat dire situation with him.
It's not like Sam is an optimist. Not really. He's seen and done too much to fully believe that there is a happy ending in store for him, but he still wants to keep going to find out. He wants to know how the story ends, so to speak. Dean… well, lately it seems like Dean just wants it to end.
Dean struggles for what feels like minutes, but the words aren’t coming. He clears his throat before he finishes his prayer.. “You changed me too. You saved me. Not just saved my life, you saved me. I’m not going to leave you there.
“Couldn’t sleep,” Dean added finally, unnecessarily. And that seemed to settle something in him, because he came over to the bed, pried Cas’ arm up, and ducked underneath to curl into him. Dean pressed up against Cas, lying half on top of him with one leg thrown over Cas’ thigh, his arm wrapping over Cas’ ribs, and his head pillowed between Cas’ shoulder and chest.
This work has been translated into Russian by @Bowtie: https://ficbook.net/readfic/10488390
"Jesus Christ, Sam," Dean mutters finally. "You really want to talk about, like, our 'core wounds' or some shit? What good is that gonna do anyone? Mom died in a fucking fire and dad was a shell. She didn't deserve that, and he did the best he could. Everything else is just… why drag it up?"
For a moment, after Dean's initial panic that Mary might find out about them (Cas didn't have the heart to tell Dean that he's pretty sure Mary knew from the moment she saw them together), after Mary had met Cas and approved of him as family, for the brief time when they really had felt like a family together, Cas thinks he and Dean had started building something of their own.
"Goddamn it, Crowley. Crowley! Get your ass back here."
Cas shrugs. He looks tired again when he opens his eyes. "I can't get a good read from here. Not even sure all twelve are vampires, they could have humans in there."
"Could I tell you something I realized?" Cas asks.
He knows.
"What? No, of course not -"
"Oh God, no, please. Sam. Sammy.
The dizziness hits Dean again and he put his hand to his head for a second as nausea rises in his stomach.
he thinks in that callous, scalding voice in his head.
Cas smiles down at his own lap. "Perhaps more of a librarian. There are more systems to work with. That's what Jack and I are trying to figure out now. Did it ever seem fair to you, Heaven and Hell? Even purgatory? Souls are more complicated than pure and evil. And then there's the angels, the other immortals. We can't come to this Heaven anymore, but do we all deserve the Empty? All of that, that was all Chuck. It was Chuck who decided that some people deserved eternal punishment. Jack's not so sure. He's trying to come up with an alternative."
"Bobby…" Sam shakes his head like he's trying to clear it. "God, I think it was eight years ago. He… he took a bullet during a job. Didn't make it. He, uh, he kind of stuck around for awhile as a ghost though, haunting us."
"Uh. Sam. Getting kinda weird now, man."
"Theoretical," Dean echoes. And then suddenly it's Dean's fingers in Cas' hair and Cas opens his eyes with a start.
"Look, I love dad, you know that, but he was a bastard too. He should never have said that to you."
After a few minutes, Andy moves into the room, quietly closing the door behind him. He comes over to Dean's bed and sits on the edge.
“I do, although they are not technically what you would conceive of as wings. Like I said, they are waves of light, like the rest of my true form.”
"Obviously that didn't work out. And I know, I know, we can't trust that it will this time, but it feels… with Jack, it felt…"
Dean’s stomach twists with a fresh stab of impossible wanting. He didn’t think he’d ever have that with anybody again, anything beyond a quick fling covered up by a bunch of lies. He’d told himself a long time ago that he could never bring anybody else into this life.
“So you feel that any new relationships you make now would be both an inadequate closeness and a dangerous attachment?”
Seven Stars and Seven Lampstands and Seven Doors. It's all very Revelations-End-of-Days metaphorical, which irritates Sam on another, shallow level because, well, been there. Done that.
, Dean."
Cas looked like he'd been broken by Dean.
So Dean had done what he always did in the face of emotional vulnerability: He'd panicked. He'd wrenched himself out of that circle of comfort, told Cas gruffly that he was going to take a shower, and then avoided him for a week.
Cas looks at Dean like he's family or a best friend, like he's someone Cas loves.
He bends over, places his hands on his knees. He feels absolutely wild with it, the fear. It's like… it's kind of like the time he caught the ghost sickness from that poor dead son of a bitch at the factory, when the contracted terror had nearly killed him.
The two of them really are the worst.
Sam's thoughts stutter over his own memories of Hell, and he closes his eyes for a moment, concentrating on the searing warmth of the ceramic against his palms, the bitter smell of coffee, the sound of his own breathing. He lets himself feel it though, lets the thoughts come. That's one of the things he's learned over the years - shutting the memories down, trying to cram them somewhere unseen, it only makes it worse in the end. They come back stronger every time. A fear response only seems to encode them deeper into his psyche, so Sam lets them happen now. The only way out is through.
Younger Dean looks around the kitchen, hair disheveled from sleep, taking in Sam and Cas first before settling on Dean. He frowns, looking wary. Dean breaks eye-contact, scowling at the floor.
Dean was never a child. He was never a child. Because children deserve to be saved, protected, loved. He knows that. The only way to reconcile that belief and the incongruous way he grew up, the things that happened to him, was to believe equally that he was different - stronger, competent, unbreakable. Older on the inside. It was okay, because Dean was tough, he could take it.
Dean skids around a corner without pressing on the brakes and feels the Impala wobble. He'd never actually flip his baby though. Not like this.
But of course, Sam's not alone. He has Eileen, who, Dean has to admit, kicks ass. Dean checks in, but he doesn't watch. Sam isn't a show, not the way the Winchesters were for Chuck. He's doing what Dean asked of him, living his life, fighting, as best he can. Dean misses him more than he knows what to do with, but he knows Bobby is right too. Sam will be along.
The land in Kansas is flat, only gentle rolling hills to break up the line of horizon at the end of a long road, and Dean is lulled into something that is not quite sleep by the contented feeling of being back in his car with his music, Sam and older Dean bickering good-naturedly in the front seats about music and food, Cas across from him staring out the window in contemplation. This feels like home too. It feels good.
Of course, they hadn’t done anything like that since Cas had died. Cas didn’t really mind, he understood that the intimacy of it was too much for Dean, that it would feel too much like breaking. Still, he missed being able to say more than few passing words about the way Dean made him feel, even if it had always been limited to those moments, an unspoken understanding that they did not speak about the things Cas said after the moment was over.
It was frankly unfair how patient Cas was with him.
Dean had leaned his head back against the old wood paneling. "I don't think I can ever stop what I do, Padre. Not until it kills me. But sometimes I think… I want these things that I know I can't have. Things I'm not supposed to want, in ways I'm not supposed to want them. I don't… I don't know if I can have both, but I can't stop wanting it."
The memory pitches forward, reforms into a cabin in the woods in Montana. Now-Dean can't help himself letting out a sharp breath.
“No there isn’t,” Dean says quickly.
In Heaven, though, he and Jo are wrestling at the table over the last dinner roll. It's Heaven, so presumably the roll could just duplicate itself, but the sibling squabbling is the point. It eases the absence in Dean's heart.
"Don't call him that," older Dean snaps, turning around abruptly. His fists are clenched at his side and he looks a little murderous. It's almost… protective.
“No, of course not, that’s not what I…” Older Dean glances helplessly at Dean, who raises his hands as if to say
Sam narrows his eyes.
Dean can’t stop thinking about it. Despite Sam’s pep talk in the car ride back to his place, and similar reassurances from Cas when Dean recounts the day to him later that evening, curled up on the couch with his head in Cas’ lap, the weight won’t lift. He knows, rationally, that it’s pointless, that Hank is right and he can’t be everywhere at once, that this wasn’t even a string of deaths they missed, just suffering.
"I'm not bailing on dad, Sam."
Cas moved back up his body and kissed him there, tasted the saltwater of Dean’s tears - like the ocean, like the primordial waves that had once housed all of creation.
“I know,” Dean says. He pats his little brother on the back. He doesn’t know if he believes in love, exactly, but in that moment he feels it.
“S’not forgivable,” Dean gets out. His voice is still choked and it’s an effort to speak. He’s not quite sure where all his old stoicism has gone, but maybe that’s the price of feeling again.
“Whoa there, angel,” Dean says, grabbing Cas by the shoulders. “You okay?”
Dean gets back into the car around noon, runs his hand gently over the steering wheel of his baby. He loves this car with his whole goddamn heart. It's the easiest love he's ever known.
Dean frowns. Like Sam, Cas' words seem full of double-meaning. He doesn't know how else to respond though, so he just gives a tight little nod. He doesn't talk about mom much. Maybe there's some irony there, given that pretty much his entire life up until now has been devoted to tracking down the thing that killed her, his life swallowed by his father's obsessive grief over losing his wife.
“Uh, kinda. Jude won’t eat because he’s too cranky from not having eaten.”
of it."
"Why not?"
into dick after all?"
Dean plucks at the knee of his jeans. He'd been braced to field questions about his childhood and hunting, maybe even Hell. He kind of figured Sam would have given this guy some kind of primer, and Dean's not sure whether or not he's grateful that he didn't. Cas isn't
Sam smiles at her, all sweet and full of gratitude.
“Yeah. Always am,” Dean says. It doesn’t come out as confident as he would like, but at least his voice doesn’t tremble. “You okay, Sammy?”
Rhonda reappears after they’ve paid the check, and tipped generously, holding a plastic bag with two styrofoam boxes, and two to-go cups of coffee.
“Just, uh, the way that Cas… I mean, you know, the whole “profound bond” thing.” Sam shrugs apologetically. “The crazy comic con shippers from Chuck’s novels, the way he looks - looked at you. And, well. He fell from Heaven for you, Dean. He lost his grace, his faith, he rebelled against God before we even knew what he was rebelling against. And he did it, all of it, for you.”
“What do you think?” Eileen asks him conspiratorially. “Shall we indulge them?”
Because, if the last person really was Benny… Hell if Dean knows what that says about him.
Sam busies himself with his phone so he won't get caught observing these ridiculous little signs of their affections. It's got to be the least-secret secret relationship since Eleanor Roosevelt and Lorena Hickok.
Dean flops onto the couch, face down in Cas’ lap. Cas shifts slightly under him and puts a hand in his hair.
When Dean hits the point of why Azazel was in Sam's nursery, younger Dean reaches for the whiskey bottle too.
"To ease the pain or bring her back. Elephants, they often seem to know us - angels, I mean. I don't know why or how. I suppose they are tapped into the frequencies, the way most animals can feel a storm coming." Cas shakes his head. He murmurs something down to the elephant, words that Dean doesn't understand.
fail the test?”
I have not watched the finale (or any full episodes of season 15), so ignore any small discrepancies, I'M FIXING AS FAST AS I CAN
Cas turns to kiss Dean's cheek and Dean can feel his smile against his skin.
of them, or he’d certainly never admit to it anyway, he just prefers to keep his distance. Last time, he’d gone in with Sam, but he decides Jack is old enough to handle it on his own and he plants himself nonchalantly to the side.
Content warnings in end notes
If Dean had feelings about it, feelings that insisted this was a different sort of labor than the backbreaking construction jobs or stiffness that followed hours laying under a creeper fixing a car, he was just going to ignore them. He tried to, anyway.
Dean screams again and Sam shudders, lets it ripple through him out here where Dean can't see him. He wonders how many times Dean called his name like that in Hell, through forty years of torture (and Sam knows, better than anyone, that those last ten years still counted), calling out for his baby brother, the last thing Dean had to hold onto.
"I know," Cas said helplessly, smoothing Dean's hair and pressing him closer. "I'm sorry. I know."
When he finally stops looking for demons everywhere, he finds a run down little house next to a creek. He fixes the place up himself. He finds that whenever he needs to learn how to do something, a book appears, or sometimes Bobby, and he can figure it out.
Twenty-six year-old Dean gets why this future version of Sam is so into Eileen. It's weird, yeah, because the last time he saw
“What? No. It’s actually kind of perfect. I mean, don’t take this the wrong way or anything, but you’re such a caregiver. And I know you want to be doing something, that you haven’t really been happy just living out in the woods. I think this could be really great for you.”
“She’s a computer hacker,” Jack offers. “And a cosplayer. And a lesbian.”
There is something shuttered about this version of himself, if that's what this really is, something locked away in his eyes that Dean can't really understand. He's also looking at Dean with a waning shock and barely disguised hatred. He is holding a copy of the same gun in Dean's hand.
“I don’t really smoke,” he admitted.
Dean lets out something perilously close to a sob and rocks down onto Cas, the pain of it all but eclipsing the pleasure, and this is exactly what Dean wants. It’s what he deserves. He just wants to make this good for Cas, really work for him, just… just…
Sam laughs, but it's mostly humorless.
Worse still was that John had yelled into his face, called him a failure, worthless, a piece of shit, a useless whore. John had been spiraling in fear and rage, and he hadn't meant it like that, hadn't known, but it had hit Dean square in the chest. John finally let Dean go, let him turn onto his side, sputtering with a hand to his neck as he tried to breathe again. And John's voice had gone quiet then, as flat and cold as ice.
"You ever dance, Cas? In the millenia you've been around?"
Cas' fingers thread into Dean's hair, stroking him, all soft affection, and Dean breathes out in a quick huff of air. He wraps his arms around Cas' waist and pushes his forehead against his shoulder, like he can burrow deeper into his warmth.
Dean tries to pull together the scraps of religious doctrine he's gathered in his life. There are a lot of religious texts that have to do with demons and other monsters, so Dean's passingly familiar with biblical imagery and lore, but the actual religion stuff? Beyond "Thou shalt not kill" and "For though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil," his grasp on religious tenements is pretty lacking.
"What time is it?" Dean has already checked his own watch and it's broken. Figures.
Dean crosses his arms around himself and snorts. “Yeah? And how do you think you can manage that?”
Dean forgot, somewhere in the haze of hunting and apocalypse after apocalypse, that he really likes learning. It surprised him in his classes, and it goes on surprising him on the job.
"Nothing. I… I just wish I could have been watching over you sooner. I wish I could have done something to prevent Mary's death. She didn't deserve what happened to her."
"Shut up." Dean's eyes light up, and he doesn't care that he's too old to geek out about this. "Really? Tell me they're not crap."
"Uh," Dean says. He's really not prepared to give himself any therapy over this. "So, yeah. That brings us up to about 2010."
Dean doesn’t want to see it spelled out in his own handwriting. He doesn’t want to hear it come out in his own voice either. There is still a heavy part of him that drags down any desire to name the horrible things he’s seen, and done, and endured. It all feels weighted on his tongue. It feels like failure and betrayal and weakness all at once.
Their last stop is the apiary, where Cas does seem overjoyed to witness the honeybees in flight. Dean doesn’t get this one, but Cas is enthralled.
They're sitting on opposite ends of the couch, but Dean can't help wondering what it would like to reach over and hold Cas' hand. He thinks maybe he'd like to, thinks Cas might even like it if he did, but of course he doesn't.
They're on the road again, and Sam's gangly legs are too long for him to be sleeping in the backseat, but Dean sleeps better in the Impala than in any motel room, so that's what they're doing.
He will mess this up. He will mess this kid up, no matter how hard he tries. In fact, maybe that's half the problem: Dean loves too hard. He knows this thing he's always had with Sam is… well, codependent. He knows it's only a slightly healthier reflection of his own relationship with their dad. Dean doesn't know how to do anything without going all in. And he knows, too, that you can't put that on a child.
Sam nods, drinks his tea. "Yeah. I did."
Sam is quiet for long enough that Dean makes himself look up. Sam's sadness is as complicated as any of his other expressions. It's part sympathy, part worry, part something like grief.
"Anything nastier than usual?" Older Dean asks.
Dean can't remember the last time he was touched like this.
Dean is so damn weak to Cas’ happiness.
Younger Dean makes a little scoffing noise and rolls his eyes, taking a sip of his coffee. "Okay, very helpful."
"What do you want, Cas?" Dean's voice came out quiet and small.
"Of course, Dean."
“Okay, and then if you’re using Google Chrome, which obviously you’re going to because I just told you it’s the superior browser, you can open this up and it takes you to an incognito mode. Which just means that it won’t keep anything in your history.” Charlie winks at him. “So you can watch all the anime you want and no one will know, just make sure you close your tabs.”
"He was you, Dean. You just didn't know what he'd been through, the choices he had to make to survive."
Dean sucks in a breath. Everything is soft gray and blue in the very early morning here, but he can smell the crisp air of nature, see the groves of trees that climb up the mountain, hear the sound of a river somewhere far off. Even in the dim light, everything feels different. It feels decidedly unlike the U.S., and while Dean loves the open roads and heartland of his country, he can’t help the thrill he feels in standing somewhere completely removed from everything he’s ever known.
And that…
Cas didn't really understand human gender until he fell. He and his siblings call each other "brother" and "sister", but there are no direct translations in Enochian. The word for sibling is something like
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean blacks out.
Dean makes a disgruntled noise into Cas’ leg. “He’s an
Chapter title from
Cas nods, apparently fine with taking words of caution when it comes from Sam. Which, Dean thinks, actually seems pretty fair.
"A good big brother. It must be hard, always looking after Sam. Always moving around. Does anyone look after you, Dean?"
It was the last time they were ever open about it like that - the only time Dean ever really spoke about them like they were something
