“Unghh..” John frowned at the incomprehensible sound that escaped his mouth, “Talk. Sorry. Yeah, we need to talk.”
“They found him,” Lestrade says, shoving his mobile back into his pocket and turning on his heel. John follows after him in a half-jog.
"Yes you are!" The blonde girl smiled as she leaned forward, a glint in her eye. "I have something to tell you." She whispered, just loud enough for him to hear. Her breath was a warm contrast to the chilly air suspended in the room.
For a while, they forget they’re in an ambulance, just feet away from NSY’s finest, and they can’t help the burgeoning arousal that hand in the air (and their pants). John rolls his hips and their erections rub against each other through layers of pants and trousers, causing both men to gasp.
“Ready to go, then?”
“My thoughts as well.”
“John, I…”
John closed his eyes and leaned further into Sherlock’s touch, tears meeting with slender fingers, “Christ, I’m a mess. I don’t know how you deal with me.”
“I’m not decrepit, Sherlock, I can carry a bag or two.” John huffed and attempted to cross his arms, before realizing the difficulty of the movement while holding the cane. Sherlock ignored his comment and slammed the door of the cab. He made toward the door of 221, but paused and started the looking around, lifting the bags away from his arms.
A head popped out from underneath the material and huffed. It was Bill, John's friend and one of the rugby team. His overgrown hair fell in front of his face and he flicked it away.
"John," Sherlock says, peering over his him. John's heart is beating quickly in his chest and he holds back a smile.
“Turnip? That’s a new one,” John said as Sherlock pushed the rolling table further up the bed and opened a container of ziti, placing a fork down beside it. He looked up from the proceedings directly as Sherlock. “I know what you’re doing. You don’t have to do it.”
“I have something I’d like to discuss.”
“Mike,” John whispered, kicking his shin lightly with his foot, “Mike.”
"I think we should kiss now."
Sherlock’s breathy moan was interrupted by a squeak to their left. John pursed his lips and looked over, seeing Molly holding a fresh cup of coffee and turning beet red. John’s eyes widened just about as much as humanly possible as he watched Molly scuttle away to her office. The door closed with a distinct click.
“She does like to intervene in our lives, doesn’t she?”
“C’mon, you giant baby. Let’s get you home before these clothes dry on you and we have to cut them off.”
He doesn’t have to say anything, though, because John lowers his body down onto his until he’s sitting on Sherlock’s lap, his nose rubbing against Sherlock’s before he closes the gap between their mouths.
“Sherlock…” John whispers against his lips, breaking the kiss to mouth along Sherlock’s jaw, “Sherlock,” he repeats, and it sounds like a prayer, a plea, and Sherlock whimpers (an act he will not admit to, after) when John licks at his pulse point and kisses a line up to his ear.
“So,” Sherlock said after a while, “Were you really staring at my arse for half an hour?”
“You’re an idiot,” John said, sitting up to look at Sherlock’s face, “I love you. I’ve always loved you. I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone or anything and, listen, Sherlock,” John separated their hands and placed both of his on Sherlock's face, stroking both sides of his jaw with his thumbs, “You deserve to be loved and I swear if I ever find who made you feel that way about yourself I will
Sherlock knows it’s late. He doesn’t really care.
“Sherlock!” John yelled, his tone hushed but still loud enough. He threw another pebble. After a minute, his phone vibrated in his pocket and he pulled it out, opening the new notification.
“Where to?”
Sherlock looked up at him and gave him a wave of his hand as an indicator to continue. John huffed.
John froze and pulled back, searching Sherlock’s face. He traced Sherlock’s cheekbone with his thumb.
“You’re not putting me through anything. It is what it is. And when it’s all done, we’ll go back to the flat and make love on the sofa.”
"Yes, Sherlock?" He tries to keep his voice steady and clear.
"Yeah and then you sat there and watched me do all the hard work," John countered, unzipping the tent and throwing their bags inside.
"It is an important matter, John." Sherlock stated matter-of-factly, his face almost serious enough to believe. John let out a breathy laugh and leaned away from his partner.
John watched Sherlock walk toward the bookcase and start pulling books off the shelves, following the line of his body contrasting with the light coming in the from the street, “Don’t I know it.”
It was
“God, Sherlock… You’re amazing.” John breathed and he looked down at their melded bodies, “Tell me when.”
Sherlock stepped around the coffee table and nudged John’s leg with his knee. John shifted over to make more room and the detective lowered himself to the empty space. He placed a hand on John’s knee, rubbing his thumb soothingly over the top of the kneecap. They sat in silence for a few minutes, before John kicked the cane on the floor softly.
“Why don’t you just delete some of it? I don’t need that much space.”
Lestrade coughs lightly and shuffles his feet, "So, this is happening, now, is it?" He looks slightly uncomfortable, but mostly amused and relieved. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
The room was silent for a moment until John could hear – and feel – Sherlock starting to chuckle. He couldn’t help joining in and soon the two were bent over each other, shaking in tearful giggles.
It got to John and he reached into the hat, reading the name on the slip.
He flips his phone once in his hand and opens a new message.
John grinned against his cock and mouthed at the tip, swiping his tongue deftly over the pool of precome. He took half of Sherlock’s length into his mouth and slid his tongue underneath the shaft. Sherlock bucked his hips and then he was coming, his hand grasping at John’s hair.
– there’s no need to rush,” John found that his speech was falling on deaf ears as Sherlock worked at his neck. John put his hands in Sherlock’s hair and tugged a bit, pulling Sherlock’s lips up to his own.
Mrs. Hudson was almost out the front door when she turned back around hesitantly, “Oh, and John? While I’m happy that you and Sherlock have a healthy sex life, I’d rather not see evidence of it left open on your computer.”
, he thought. The snow continued to fall.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock’s voice was strangled and he was certainly coming undone, “Oh, god, fuck me, John- Oh, god, oh god, oh god-“
“Don’t,” Sherlock mumbled into his hands. John lifted a few of Sherlock’s fingers so his eye was visible.
The doctor has Sherlock’s trousers undone in no time, pulling the zip aside to grasp Sherlock through the material of his pants. Sherlock moans (quite loudly, he’s embarrassed to realize) and dips his head to meet John’s lips once again. John pushes aside Sherlock’s pants so there is nothing let between them. Just skin on skin, mouth against mouth, and soon he has Sherlock panting and writhing underneath him.
John could admit, if just to himself, that yeah, he had a bit of a crush on Sherlock. He was brilliant and sarcastic and quite easy on the eyes, honestly. If John could just touch those lips, he was sure they’d be so soft...
things, and yet his mind was blank. Void. Empty. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
“Good afternoon, John.”
Which was fine with him,
Sherlock’s gaze catches him and he looks put-out.
“Oh, John! Have you seen Sherlock? A package came for him and I’m never sure about those kinds of things. It could be body parts, for all I know,” She said as she pulled her coat around her small frame. John stepped forward and helped lift the material over her shoulders.
"I'm sorry. For your friend." Sherlock says, and it’s practically groundbreaking. As much as he had already tried to apologize for excluding the fact, John hadn’t even hoped to get this apology. It's small and maybe the bar is set pretty low, but John appreciates the sentiment.
“Has he… I mean, do you know if he’s…” John closed his eyes. There was no reason to be nervous about talking to his closest friend about this. He wasn’t in the closet, but he’d never explicitly said out loud that he was bisexual.
“May I?” John asked into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock nodded quickly and groaned as John’s finger danced over the crease of his pelvis.
“Good?” John asked, working his finger in and out a few times.
"Oh, we don’t have time for this!" A small voice rang beside them. Rosie poked her head in between the couple, exasperated. "It's snowing!"
“Baker Street, actually.” John said. The cabbie nodded and changed course, turning down a street to the left. The sudden shift in direction make John’s stomach turn and he steadied himself with a long inhale.
“What happened?” John says as he reaches the side of the bed, placing both his hands over Sherlock’s right. Sherlock makes a sort of grimace-like face and shrugs.
“…The sex is phenomenal, but I don’t want kids anytime soon, you know? Quite honestly, I’ve been put in positions in the past two weeks that I didn’t even think possible, let alone pleasurable.”
Sherlock looked startled as he blinked the tears away like he hadn’t realized they were there in the first place. A visible shiver went through him and John searched his face worryingly. Sherlock put a hand on John’s cheek and held it still there.
“You mean… penetrative sex?”
“So it would seem,” Sherlock replied, wrapping his dressing gown further around himself. “I see you’ve indulged yourself tonight.”
“Never better.”
Later, John waits nervously at Lestrade’s side as his team combs the river and banks for Sherlock (not his body,
“Safety, for one. I know I’m clean. Are you-“
He’s been staring awhile when John just smiles and shakes his head.
John huffed and sent another message.
John Watson would be the life and death of him, and he knew it.
And that, right there, was how John wins pretty much every time. He’s learned to get around Sherlock’s tendency to commit lies of omission. After a few seconds, his head falls back slightly on the pillow that is supporting his neck.
“To be determined,” he replied vaguely.
Sherlock took a breath, “You want to sell the house.”
"Sounds simple enough," John whispered to Sherlock.
"Not necessarily-" John started, though in a split second, the cup was removed from his hands and pressed against Sherlock's lips. The detective took a sip, then grimaced, handing the ceramic dishware back to John.
“Lovely.” John’s breath reached the tip of his cock and something electric shot up Sherlock’s spine. John gently ran his tongue from the tip down and then back up and Sherlock spasmed at the new sensation.
“C’mon, love. Come for me,” John breathes heavily against Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock’s head falls to John’s collarbone and bites down softly as he comes, holding John’s body tightly. His mind is blissfully blank for a moment and when he comes to, John is grinding himself against the space between Sherlock’s hip and thigh and collapsing onto Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Sherlock Holmes, are you staring at my arse?”
And yet.
John watched from the doorway, a smile slapped goofily on his face. He blew on his tea and then attempted to take a sip. He could not look away from the sight of the two. For the life of him, he could not figure out how he could love two separate people so much at once. How could his heart contain it? Surely one day it would just burst from being too full. He didn’t realize he was staring and did not notice his name being called.
His second patient of the day was a woman in her thirties, who was receiving a contraceptive implant. Apparently, there
“Hmm?” Mike answered, obviously almost asleep. John paused and shook his head.
"Very good."
“You’re upset.” His expression was a mask of confusion as he looked between John and the cleaner-than-usual room.
“Fuck,” John whispered, pulling out his phone yet again.
“John!”
"And a chance to socialize with your schoolmates, to boot! C'mon, you're really saying this was at the top of your desired things to do for spring break?" John scoffed. Sherlock rolled his eyes and tilted his head.
“Hey, Sherlock. I’m just about to start.”
“That was mostly your fault.”
“The sex forums, dear,” She smiled uncomfortably at him as his mouth fell open. Before John could reply, Mrs. Hudson was closing the door behind her, “Ta!”
"Not anything poisonous, right?" John asked, which knowing Sherlock, was an important question to ask. Sherlock paused and looked away from John.
“You know we’re not able to move right now. If ever.” Sherlock ran a hand through his curls and realized he needed to take a shower. He sighed, “Sell the house. Mum would’ve hated the idea of it sitting empty.”
"Sherlock?" The man in question doesn't move, but emits a small grunt. John would usually roll his eyes, but he’s too focused on other things to be bothered by Sherlock’s antics, "Sherlock, I-"
He remembers himself yelling something; Sherlock’s name, most likely. He remembers Sherlock disappearing over the side of the balcony, John catching the metal railing and digging the palms of his hands hard into it as he searched for Sherlock below. He remembers that he couldn’t hear the splash, the ripple of the water as Sherlock landed in the water, over the roar of the wind.
“What did he say?” John asked, feeling his ears burn hot at the last time he had seen Lestrade – visions of ambulances and Lestrade’s amused smile dancing in his mind. Molly bit her lip.
John spluttered a bit and cleared his throat, “Sounds… ambitious. Perhaps the bed, instead, though. It was getting pretty difficult to make use of the sofa, even before all this.”
“A beautiful mess,” Sherlock said, pressing another kiss slightly lower toward John’s ear, “Gorgeous, lovely, amazing mess.”
"Marvelous, John!" Sherlock waits a moment to see the smile emerge on John's face, and then turns to Lestrade, "Your suspect is her skating partner. He is the right height and muscle mass to have cut through her throat at the correct angle."
Sherlock did not hold much opinion on the seasons. Winter was cold, summer was hot, and he didn’t have much else to say beyond that.
"Anything interesting?" John asked. Sherlock looked up at him as he sat down and folded the papers in his hands in half. He tucked them into his bag.
John shuffled around Sherlock and watched his hands for a moment before clearing his throat, "So."
“Right.”
John grinned deviously and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s jaw, then mouthed his way down his chest. He pulled up the hem of Sherlock’s shirt and licked a circle around his belly button and ran his tongue down to his hips. John moved Sherlock’s legs to either side of his waist and ran his hands up Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock looked down at the doctor between his legs and couldn’t help the broken sound that escaped his throat.
“Oh, yeah, we’re both clean,” She said distractedly, “Have you heard of the book She Comes First? Allen read it and it’s done absolute wonders. I don’t think I’ve orgasmed this much in my life.”
“The murderer, I lost him. I should have
Sherlock paces for a while, raking fingers roughly through his hair. He finds himself climbing up the stairs to John's room. The door is closed, has been for a few months. It’s been unoccupied pretty much when they started sleeping together. Sherlock pushes open the door and looks around at the empty closet, the stale sheets gathering dust on the bed.
Sherlock reached over and searched the side table blindly, finally coming up with a bottle of lube. John ran his hand along Sherlock’s waist and then along the inside of his thigh, pushing his legs apart gently. Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and his cheeks bloomed pink.
They sit there for a moment before Sherlock feels John shaking, momentarily panicking before he realizes that John is
“The tremor’s gone.”
John nodded toward his tent and gave Sherlock a small smile, "I guess I better go to bed."
They were practically in the middle of nowhere, a kilometer away from a lake and twenty kilometers from any civilization. A science retreat, is what it was officially called. John liked to consider it the only spring break vacation he could afford.
He snapped out of his reverie and noticed Sherlock looking at him. John shook his head and focused on the man holding his daughter softly in his arms.
to be alive). John clenches and unclenches his fist nervously, feeling that he could – no,
John is so caught off guard by the statement that he utters a dull, “What?”
“Maybe. Maybe not. Either way, it’s our business.” John gave him a pointed look that indicated the conversation was over. Mycroft clenched his jaw but leaned over to tap the glass of the divider as he did so. The car slowed to a stop and John finally wrenched the door open, turning back while still half inside the car, “I suggest you stop bugging the flat. There are some things you can never un-hear.”
"It's not a fix-all," John says eventually, staring forward in the direction of the sink. Sherlock turns to him, but John doesn’t let him speak just yet, "You can’t just say I love you and expect everything to be fine."
The room did look uncomfortably clean, and perhaps he should have been delighted. How many times had he told Sherlock to dust or tidy his books or clean up his experiments? Even in their aging ways, Sherlock still tended to err on the side of chaotic order and the tidiness of a tornado. It was unsettling, then, to see the flat in such pristine condition, void of chemical spills or make-shift crime boards pinned to the wall. Like he had come back home, but it wasn’t really home.
“Yes, John and I have a very healthy sex life,” Sherlock says, and John shuts his eyes in mortification.
that he felt that way too, but it felt so sudden. Although, was it? They’d been together for almost two months now and time never moved like it was supposed to with Sherlock anyway. Oh, what the hell.
“Yes, well,” John looked up at him and winked playfully. Sherlock licked his lips and turned off the microscope and stowed away his slides.
“It could be about the case,” Sherlock defended, blinking down at him for a moment before glancing back to the mobile. John kept his fingers inside of Sherlock, attempting to get him back to the writhing and begging he had been at a few seconds ago. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen and felt smug for a moment until Sherlock sat up quickly, pushing John’s hand away.
This opened a whole new door that John wasn’t quite sure he was ready to go through. Was this a hint from Sherlock? Was Sherlock ready to take that next step? Was John? John’s experience with sex was largely with women, and really, how much of that would transfer over? What experience did Sherlock have with sex, if any?
“Ah, how is he? In better health than me, I bet. Lucky old bastard.”
John reached down and pulled Sherlock’s leg over his waist so Sherlock was straddling him.
"Sally," Bill announced, looking across the circle to the curly haired girl, giving her a charming smile. She rolled her eyes but moved to stand next to him.
“John…” he whispered. He couldn’t think of a time his voice had sounded so unsure. John frowned.
It was silent for a moment before Sherlock felt John’s lips against his neck, hot breath on his skin, and he released a surprised but contented sigh. John’s free hand traced up Sherlock’s waist, along his collarbone, and then up into his uncombed curls. All the while, his mouth worked at Sherlock’s pulse point, leaving wet trails underneath his jaw.
, you're beautiful."
“Okay,” John nodded and looked away, “And have you…“
“Jesus, stop. You’re like a goddamn teenager.” John said, a smile gracing his face as he opened his eyes again.
He can feel Sherlock's eyes on him. The heat of his gaze raises the hair on his neck. He vaguely notices the detective moving toward him in his periphery, and eventually, his body blocks the light from the window and casts a shadow over the newspaper.
"Why were you gone all last week?" John asked, just trying to make conversation. However, Sherlock's shoulders tensed and he froze for a moment.
“Still here then,” John mumbled as his cocoon of Sherlock fell away and he glanced down at his feet at the end of the bed. Pastel blankets and pastel walls and pastel cups with pastel pitchers. Sherlock’s fingers paused on his cheek for a moment before continuing their path.
"I wouldn’t know." Sherlock finally sits up on the sofa, tilting his head as he positions himself upright. John stares at him until his eyes are too piercing, too intense, and he looks away to the window.
“John, please…” Sherlock doesn’t know what he’s asking for, just that he wants more. Needs more. Forgiveness, friction,
"What's going on?" John asked.
“Off. Everything, off,” Sherlock breathed.
He doesn’t get a reply for a while and assumes that John has fallen asleep. He receives a new message as he’s pulling his (well, John’s) laptop off the desk.
"Sherlock, do you think it'll lose its novelty if you keep saying it so much?" John asks, knowing Sherlock will understand him, even though the conversation is quite unprompted. Sherlock looks up from his microscope and frowns.
Lestrade pulls his phone out of his pocket and answers it (
John takes a breath and looks down at Sherlock, “Are you okay?”
“Joh-!” Sherlock gripped the arm of the sofa near his head and arched his back involuntarily, “Fu- I don’t think I’m… going to… Ah! Last…”
John stared at the now closed door and blinked.
"They're the most interesting ones!" Sherlock protested.
“Fuck Mycroft,” Sherlock said with frustration.
“Shh,” John whispered, pressing kisses across Sherlock’s cheek until their lips met once again. This time, John didn’t hesitate to run his tongue along Sherlock’s lower lip and Sherlock opened his mouth enough for John to enter. John let go of Sherlock’s hand and curled it around the detective’s back to pull him closer. Their groins grinded together and Sherlock’s eyes flew open and his hand clutched at John’s sleeve.
“I think we might need to invest in some sound-proofing.”
the one that says,
“Oh!” Sherlock shook against him, his eyes opening wide.
They were both only wearing pants, Sherlock in briefs and John in boxers. And yet, all of a sudden, this small amount of material between them was too much. John skimmed his hands around Sherlock’s back, running lower until his fingertips slid underneath the waistband of Sherlock’s briefs. He pushed further down, kneading Sherlock’s arse underneath the material. Sherlock huffed, pulling back just enough to rest his forehead against John’s.
“Patience, love. I don’t want to hurt you,” John circled his hole, slicking up the area before pushing in slightly. Feeling assured by Sherlock’s pleasure gasp, John wriggled his finger to start stretching the muscle. As he moved his finger, it slipped further into Sherlock’s heat, past the tight ring of muscle and eventually up to the second knuckle. Once fully inside, John curved his finger and pressed lightly.
John chased the last shot with a beer, a combination that he would regret when he woke up the next day with a soaring headache and a rising stomach. The glass slammed down messily on the bar, the empty glass tipping over as John disregarded it. He pushed away from the bar, steadying himself momentarily before nodding and taking in a deep breath. A hand clapped his shoulder and nearly tipped him over.
Sherlock knows it’s late. The sky is dark, lightened slightly from the purple/pink hue of light pollution. London is quiet, or generally so. It’s never completely quiet in the city. He looks out the window, only having to turn his head slightly from its position on the arm of the couch.
“Do you have anything on Daniels?”
They don't necessarily try to keep their relationship secret, but it’s also nice to not have the public eye pressed up against a new relationship, so virtually no one knows. John thinks of mentioning it on his blog, his fingers typing the words, only to hold his middle finger over the backspace, leaving the document blank once again.
After they’ve cleaned up, both from injuries and, well, more recent activities, John nods at Sherlock once before opening the ambulance door.
“You’re so gorgeous,” John said, placing a kiss on the inside of Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock quirked a small smile as John looked down at his flushed cock and licked his lips. John took the lube from Sherlock’s hands, settling himself in between Sherlock’s spread thighs.
– we should go slow. There’s no need to –
“You’re insufferable,” John’s words are affectionate, and the hand placed softly on Sherlock’s neck matches the tone.
“Yeah, yeah, sorry. Night, Mike.”
Sherlock sighed as he placed a kiss on John’s temple before detangling his limbs from around the doctor’s body, “Fine. But this is all rather anti-climactic.”
“Huh?”
"I'm sorry," Sherlock whispers, placing a hand on John's knee, which only causes the doctor to glance down and stare at the hand before Sherlock removes it. It's a rarity, for sure, for Sherlock to give an apology, but it's warranted. John holds the phone up to his chin and tries to hold back his stinging tears.
Sherlock gave a cheeky grin but ignored the question, “Do you think she’ll take his name? We’ll have no more Holmes-Watson’s to proceed us. Does the world really need more Lestrade’s?”
"Papa." A voice whispered as Sherlock felt the weight climb over his legs and settle onto the middle of the bed. Something, a hand he guessed, was placed on his shoulder, gently shaking it. "Papa, are you awake?"
“Yes, you are. You’re clenching your fist and you’re making that face you make when my experiments stink up the flat,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly as he stepped out of the kitchen and took a step toward John.
“You really shouldn’t be embarrassed. If anyone should be embarrassed, it should be me,” John said, causing Sherlock to raise an eyebrow and shift his hand away from his face. John looked pointedly down at his crotch and Sherlock noted the wet spot emerging on his trousers.
And snow - snow was something Sherlock had an opinion on.
“Molly. Have you started the autopsy?” Sherlock threw his coat at John, causing him to roll his eyes but fold the coat over his arm nonetheless. Molly snapped a latex glove onto her hand and looked up from the body on the metal table.
“I- Yes. Either way.” Sherlock waved a hand in the air as John shook his head affectionately.
Sherlock looks over at John and smirks, “Now that’s an idea.”
“No, I’m not.” John retorted, leaning forward minutely on his perch on the edge of the sofa.
"Scientific curiosity," Sherlock replied, carefully placing a red and green leafed plant into a clear plastic bag.
“I hate that thing.”
“Who? That car thief? Sloan?” John doesn’t wait for an answer before pushing away from the bed and pacing slightly, breathing deliberately even. After a moment of trying to gain his composure (unsuccessfully), he turns back to Sherlock, “I’ll kill him. That’s what I’ll do-“
"Needs sugar." He said. John rolled his eyes, though was careful to avoid Rosie's gaze - he was not fond of the idea of her catching onto that habit.
"We have a case."
“Hold your hand out,” Sherlock said, lifting John’s wrist lightly until John responded and held it up himself.
“You know,” Sherlock said when he finally pulled away, biting John’s bottom lip before releasing it, “I didn’t leave that page open.”
“Hm?” Sherlock replied, his eyes fluttering open lazily.
John comes first, Sherlock soon after, their bodies riding the high and soon relaxing as dopamine floods their brains. John sighs and rolls halfway off Sherlock, keeping his chest pressed against Sherlock's side, an arm around his stomach.
Sherlock breathed heavily as John pushed in, pausing for a moment so Sherlock could adjust. John placed a kiss on Sherlock’s lips before pressing their foreheads together, sweating mingling together.
"I wasn't trying to-"
“John, you know I’ve never been averse to some risk-“
). The inspector’s stature changes and John looks up at him.
“I’m still mad at you, you know.”
Dimmock held out a ball cap with strips of paper in it and shook it in front of Bill. Bill reached in and pulled out a name.
“Wow, that was a lot of words for this early in the morning, “John replied, sliding his hand up along Sherlock’s torso, over his shoulder, and finally wrapping his fingers around the back of his neck. Sherlock smirked.
"I can think of other ways to wake you up," Sherlock says, his voice low and gravelly. John peeks one eye open and Sherlock knows he's caught his attention. He smirks deviously as he rolls his pelvis against John's side, pressing himself into his hip.
Sherlock shrugged, “I wouldn’t blame you if you didn’t.”
Sherlock was a sight to behold, his hair in disarray and his cheeks flushed red from the cold. He pulled his coat off and hung it up before stepping closer to John and pulling the teacup from his hands.
“Spilled acid on my phone,” Sherlock replied casually.
“Hello, brother,” Mycroft said without even turning his head.
Alone, Sherlock tries to stand up, but John puts a hand on his shoulder and pushes him back down onto the seat. He pauses for a  moment and then turns to the ambulance door, Lestrade giving him an odd look before he pulls it closed. When he looks back at Sherlock, the detective has a peculiar expression, both exasperated and confused.
There was, indeed, a discussion forum open on John’s computer when he entered the living room. A few sentences caught his eye, namely a few blurbs on practical amounts of lube and prostate stimulation, to which John was both turned on and uncomfortable with.
A smile spreads across Sherlock’s face that he would be horrified to let anyone else see.
"Alright, you sarcastic git, I'm coming," John said, jogging over to untangle Bill from the tent. He pulled at some of the poles, but Bill only seemed to get lost further under the tarp, "Christ, mate, how'd you even do this?"
“Oh- oh, god, John-“ Sherlock said breathlessly. John laughed lightly.
“John,” Sherlock moaned when John’s mouth was back on his throat, sucking a licking at his pulse point. Their cocks aligned as John lowered himself down and they both shivered in want.
The woman looks between Sherlock’s bleeding forehead and John and apparently decides it’s not worth the fight.
Mycroft peered at him as John reluctantly settled into the back seat of the car. Anthea offered him a drink (
Lestrade barks orders at a few subordinates before turning back to the pair. He pauses, mouth open slightly as he watches Sherlock unconsciously put his hand on the small of John’s back.
“Mycroft. I would say it’s nice to see you, but, well,” John folded his hands in his lap, unconsciously tapping his right thumb over his left. Mycroft lifted his chin and pursed his lips.
"I love you."
"Very well-articulated," Sherlock replies, raising an arm over his head, the other settling around John's shoulder, "But I concur."
“I want you inside of me.”
John’s mind supplied, and he had to shake his head to clear the thought.
“For a doctor, you have a very strange disdain for hospitals.”
"I said I love you," Sherlock replies, looking frustrated at John's shell-shocked confusion. John opens his mouth again, but nothing comes out. His silent response is interrupted by the chime of Sherlock's phone, breaking the glass-like bubble around them. It shatters, and John is pulled out of his daze into reality. He thinks he might be seeing pieces of glass falling down around them, but that doesn’t seem likely. He puts his mug back on the table as Sherlock taps his fingers wildly over the touchpad.
John stared at the door long after Sherlock had left through it.
"John," Sherlock waits for John to meet his eyes again, "I love you."
John looked up and leaned forward, closer to the cabbie.
“John.”
John shook his head and took one last look at Sherlock, who closed his eyes and steepled his fingers (probably documenting the experience) before turning toward the bathroom. Sherlock peeked one eye open as the doctor walked through the kitchen and studied the way his lower body shifted in his trousers. He shook himself and closed his eyes again.
"What?" John asked, shifting slightly onto his better leg. Sherlock looked at him curiously, but eyes shone brightly nonetheless.
“Since secondary, yeah.”
"Oh, yes. Sorry, love. Mornin'." John replied, having walked to the edge of the bed as he spoke. He leaned down and placed a soft kiss in Sherlock's curls, pausing for a moment to take in his scent. The doctor sat lightly on the edge of the bed. "Sleep well?"
"Mm. I love you," Sherlock says against the doctor's lips. John smiles and opens his eyes to look up at him.
“Hello.”
Sherlock swallows hard, chewing worriedly at his bottom lip and John grinds his teeth, digging holes into the wall with his mind.
When the door swings open, however, there are several pairs of wide eyes looking at them and John immediately feels his face turning red. Lestrade is leaning against his car with his arms crossed and he shakes his head when he looks at them. He gestures for them to come over and John shoves his hands into his pockets, looking resolutely anywhere but the other officers that he’s passing.
"I just, I need some air, Sherlock."
Sherlock lit up with a ghost of a smile. He brought the doctor’s hand to his mouth and held it there, not quite kissing the fingers, but the sentiment was there all the same. When he spoke, it was mumbled into the skin of war-worn hands, “I brought ziti. From Angelo’s.”
, John."
They had something close to, but not quite, friendship.
“Oh, Christ, we’ve scarred her for life, haven’t we?” John said, wiping his eyes as he stood up straighter. Sherlock kept his smirk and eyes glittered.
John presses a kiss underneath Sherlock's ear and hums, "No, quite the opposite."
"So, you're smart. Really smart. Especially with all this science stuff. I myself came on this trip because it was either this or taking the final. You probably would ace the final without even studying. So. Why are you here?"
Not only was it a way to get away from London, away from my sister, and do something fun, but also a way to pass Microbiology.
"What?" John finally says, cutting through the silence. His voice is cracked as if he hasn't spoken in years.
“Do you genuinely have troubles with names or is it just the Lestrade family?”
“I think we should –
Sherlock smiled and placed a hand in John’s hair. They lay there just breathing for a while until Sherlock broke the silence.
"If by 'this' you mean John and I sleeping together, then yes," He replies bluntly. John feels a blush creep through his cheeks and his ears burn red as he sighs.
John thought. “So?” Sherlock’s voice was muffled behind the cup as he downed the dregs of the tea.
“You like when I take control like that?” John asked, pumping his hips faster, sliding in and out of Sherlock as he established a rhythm. Sherlock gasped and nodded.
John shakes his head once and blinks. He sends a cursory glance to Lestrade, not surprised by the shocked expression there, but is determined to not get flustered, “Uhm… Skating blades? I’ve seen enough sliced up fingers to know they can do quite a bit of damage." John replies, not expecting this to be any sort of revelation. Sherlock, however, waits patiently for him to continue, "Someone would have to be of a specific height and build to make a substantial cut like this."
“So.” John couldn’t think of anything to say. There were so
"I do love you," John says, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist, "I didn’t mean to imply otherwise."
Bill shrugged, or tried to, and shook his head, "I'm not meant for campin', John, it’s just not in my blood." He squirmed inside the material in an attempt to escape, but only managed to pull it tighter around him.
"John. We meet again," Sherlock said, nodding at him in an almost friendly way. Almost.
“Okay,” he leaned down and kissed the detective sweetly, “I want that, too.”
He leaned away and looked at Sherlock, whose cheeks were flushed and was looking at him with heavy-lidded eyes. At the sight of his desperate expression, John pulled them back together again, moving his mouth hungrily against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock reciprocated with a sigh, moving his hands up into John’s hair. They licked into each other’s mouths and just when Sherlock was about to beg for
"I certainly hope not," is all his says, making a strange face before turning back to his slides. John notices a peek of a smile on Sherlock's face and decides it doesn’t really matter as long as the words are true.
"Yeah, that was believable," John scoffed, watching Sherlock pull latex gloves out of his pocket and pluck something from the soil.
“It’s possible it was more of a… push down the stairs.”
“Alright. Whatever gets you off. Literally. Well, both of us I suppose-” Sherlock smiled and let his words be wiped away as John shut him up with lips pressed firmly against his.
John leaned away with a wary expression and swallowed, pressing his hand into the sofa cushion near Sherlock’s shoulders, “I was just joking, we don’t have to… I mean, I would like to, but it’s absolutely okay if… I’m not saying we will-“
"Now this is an interesting development." Sherlock said, pulling his hands out from under the covers. He looked at the girl with a smile and patted his chest. "Come 'ere, Rosie."
John smiled, eyes half-closed before he froze, his heart beating hard. They had never said that before and, truth be told, he never expected Sherlock to say it first. He knew, he
"I do, don't I?" Sherlock said. He kissed her nose again and then her chin, and then was placing kisses all over her face as she giggled, squirming away from the small affection.
“I need a sample of the lung tissue. If it’s the same as the last victim, Mr. Galloway here will have died from a gas exposure,” Sherlock said, leaning over the body as he pulled on a latex glove and opened the corpse’s mouth with a gloved finger.
John watched the door swing shut behind Molly and then looked over at Sherlock, who was writing notes next to his microscope. Before thinking about it too much, he strolled over and wrapped his arms around the detective’s waist. Sherlock made only a small noise in response.
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise. John rolls his eyes and laces their fingers together, shaking his head, “Let’s go home, then. Lestrade, you’ll call if you get anything?”
It's a normal occurrence, and John's not even surprised when he looks at the clock and it's barely 5:30. That doesn’t make the early hour any easier to face, however.
, yes," John lets the grey sheets of paper fall to the ground and stands up, bumping Sherlock slightly with his chest. He doesn’t care though, because instantly his lips are pressed against Sherlock's and he can feel a hand being placed tentatively on his neck.
“Said you guys were finally together and couldn’t keep your hand off each other,” She responded. John almost denied the second part, but Molly cut him off, “John, you’ve been staring at his bum for the last half-hour.”
"Me as well," Sherlock said, standing up and brushing off his trousers. He hesitated and watched John stand. They hovered there for a moment before John broke the silence.
When they reach Lestrade, he leans over and says in a low voice, “You know ambulances aren’t soundproofed, right?”
"Lucky you, mate. You get the freak."
"That should hold... Hopefully," He said, looking back over his shoulder to find Mike swaying back and forth in his hammock. He sighed and shook his head, "Not that you were any help."
“No, I was reading, and it got too late,” Sherlock replied. John gave him a pointed look.
Sherlock looks at the phone and frowns. He types a response, the phone making a swooping sound when the message is sent.
Sherlock looks up at him in what could be interpreted as shock. John presses his hand further toward the detective. Sherlock takes it, pulling himself up. John is engulfed in thin, long arms before he can process what's happening. Sherlock's breath is hot on his neck and the hug is somewhat stiff.
“Sloan is in custody, and I’m fine. See?” Sherlock sits up and spreads out his arms to show his point. John closes his eyes and breathes out heavily through his nose before stepping back to the bed and leaning down to Sherlock until their foreheads are touching. Sherlock blinks slowly and gives a smug grin, “Good day at the surgery?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, his breath catching as he realized how close they were. He could feel John’s breath on his chin and could smell the alcohol on his breath. John dropped his hands and rolled onto his back, closing his eyes slightly.
John’s eyes widen and he just looks at the ground.
“Impatient,” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s naked bum again and grinding up into him. Sherlock gasped.
“How the hell are we ever going to last for sex?” John laughed somewhat awkwardly, pressing the tip of nose to Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he breathed out heavily.
It wasn’t long before he reached 221B Baker Street, tossing a tip at the cabbie and stepping out into the chilly night air. The street was practically silent, the only sound the distant sirens from busier areas of the city. John stared at the black door for a few moments before glancing up at the window above. No lights on.  He searched the ground, laying eyes on a pebble near his feet.
“Oh, well, that’s alright. The package is on the stairs if you want to take it up.”
“I’ll call her tomorrow.”
The t-shirt John wore to bed, for example, glided easily under his fingertips when Sherlock hiked it up to settle his hands at John’s back. John’s canvas jacket, which rubbed roughly against Sherlock’s wrist when they held hands across the seat in a cab. John’s cable knit socks, which tickled Sherlock’s toes from under the table as they ate Chinese takeout.
“Take me to bed.”
A few days after Sherlock's proclamation of love, John is staring at the detective as he falls onto the sofa in a post-case sulk. He's watching Sherlock's fingers twitch as his forearm covers his eyes, the white knuckles shifting minutely.
"Oi, John, isn’t calling him crazy and a Scot a bit repetitive?" Mike yelled over to them, to which Bill gave a two-finger salute.
"How about you go pick out a jumper to wear?" John asked in Rosie’s direction, watching the little girl beam up at him before jumping off the bed and racing down the hallway, her feet thumping softly against the floor. John leaned over toward the door, projecting his words in his voice down the hallway. "And socks!"
“She’s a very sweet little girl, most kids don’t ask their parents if it’s okay to take a sample, they just grab a handful and don’t even say thank you,” the sales girl commented to Sherlock.
John’s body filled with a warm feeling at the sight of that smile. He had to admit, Sherlock did have a nice smile, when he meant it and he wasn’t making fun of John, that is. Why had he never noticed it before? Perhaps because Sherlock did spend so much time making fun of him. At any rate, he’d noticed it now. Although his heart was heavy with grief for Mary, seeing Sherlock smile at him like that made John feel a little lighter, and he couldn’t help grinning to himself a little as he rode home in the back of the taxi.
“Do you think they’d have good fish and chips here?” Sherlock asked looking down at the menu as if he hadn’t heard John’s last comment. “Sandwich is probably safer though…” he added after a moment.
Sorry to ruin you and Mike’s evening, but would you mind if the babysitting lasted until tomorrow? John’s overdone it a bit on the drinks. -SH
John stared at his friend, who was still directing his gaze and words toward the floor.  John was shocked, not only had he not seen this admission coming but he had rarely seen Sherlock look so weak, so frightened and small somehow, despite his impressive height.
“With the average person, it might be, but with you? No, so fess up Sherlock,” John snapped at his friend. The bartender brought over their beers and John immediately took a swig of his, he was going to need it to deal with Sherlock tonight.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock,” he whispered, unsure of the right words to say.
“Oh she’s not my… I mean she’s my… My boyfriend’s daughter,” Sherlock replied. Why didn’t I just say thank you and leave it at that? Now I’ve embarrassed the poor girl, he thought. And more than that why did the word ‘boyfriend’ just slipt out of my mouth? That was what John was though, and it certainly did feel good to say it. It fit, it felt right, in the same way that it felt right that they were here, taking this trip as a family, or at least a sort of family.
“What’s there to explain?” Sherlock asked, as kindly as he could. They were dating, it was a pretty simple concept.
“Perhaps because I find your line of conversation boring, John,” Sherlock replied cooly.
“It reminded me of her too,” Sherlock said with an uncharacteristic softness.
“She thought I was Rosie’s father, and she was a bit embarrassed when I corrected her,” Sherlock explained. He smiled playfully at John and took his hand, “I said she was my boyfriend’s daughter.”
They just sat there like that for a moment, smiling at each other, a tinge of sadness lurking just outside the glowing happiness of their world together. They were two men who had been through so much, who still carried so much pain, and yet they had found each other and together they had found love and joy.
The dreaded hospital waiting room... but Sherlock will pull through... won't he?
“That would be helpful yes,” Ms Jones agreed. “And put Dr Watson on speaker if you could so I can hear the whole conversation.”
“Oh John, I’m sorry… I shouldn’t have let you… I should’ve thought…” Sherlock was uncharacteristically anxious and lost for words.
John sighed. “Why did I ask you to help again?”
******************************
********************
“I don’t know what I expected,” John said dully, taking another long drink of his pint. He hadn’t wanted to go on this date exactly, but it had felt like the right thing to do. He hadn’t been out with anyone in the years since Mary’s death and he knew it was probably time to get back out there, if he was ever going to. So when Sarah said she had a friend she thought John might like and had pretty much refused to take no for an answer, he had decided she was probably right and probably had his best interests at heart. He agreed to go out for drinks with her friend somewhat reluctantly. He hadn’t had high hopes for the night but he hadn’t thought he would be stood up.
“Oh sweetheart what did I do to deserve you?” John whispered, kissing her on the top of the head. “And this doesn’t mean I didn’t love your mum,” he added. “I did love her, very much and I miss her. You remind me of her a lot actually.”
“Wait, don’t go, please,” John begged.
“Hmm? Oh right, yes congratulations, Molly,” Sherlock said quickly. Then he added, more sincerely, “And I do mean it, you deserve every happiness and if Mike brings you that, well he’s a very lucky man to have snatched you up.”
“Alright then,” Ms Jones said firmly with a nod to Sherlock.
“Thank you again for looking after me last night,” John’s voice was sincere and his eyes showed a depth of love and appreciation that blew Sherlock away.
John left the surgery with his nerves on edge. He was already behind schedule because his last appointment had finished late and there was no way he’d make it to his date with Sherlock on time. Damn, what a way to start things off in their relationship.
“No, no,” Sherlock said, almost laughing at the ridiculousness of this suggestion. “I was simply going to, shall we say… vet your date, from a distance, through skilled observation, to see if she was deserving of your attentions,” Sherlock explained coolly.
It's Valentine's Day but both John and Sherlock have forgotten...
“Well, to be fair, she might very well have had an awful day, but still you would think she would just say that if it were the case…” Sherlock trailed off thoughtfully, as though he were beginning to try to unravel ‘The Tale of the Deplorable Date’.
“That’s not a very nice word, Rosie,” John scolded.
“Fine. I’ll see you then,” Sherlock replied sounding unconcerned. He hung up the call before John had a chance to apologize or thank him again, however, leaving John to struggle through the traffic jam worrying over whether or not Sherlock was annoyed with him.
“Don’t count on it.”
“Perhaps by the end of the night we’ll have found a good reason to celebrate,” John continued with the calmest smile he could muster. Of  course, if Sherlock responded unfavorably to his admission, John was going to be wishing he’d ordered a bottle of rum or whiskey instead but it was best not to think about that.
“Fine,” John sighed. “Maybe… It’s a birthday… Or an anniversary, this place is pretty romantic so maybe that’s it… And I think he’s wearing a wedding ring so that would make sense… But he’s alone so she, well I’m assuming she, but either way, the other person…maybe the other person got sicka and that’s where the savings went, to medical expenses… That might be a stretch but we know…” John trailed off. “We know the old man’s a widower,” he said quietly. What had started out as a silly game had suddenly turned very serious. John looked down at his hands and then took another good gulp of his drink. He was struck by the realization of what he and the glum, lonely looking older man had in common. It made him feel very empty and alone himself.
“No,” John said firmly, but still warmly. “It’s really ok this time.”
“Well, then I think it’s time for lunch,” John said. “Come on you.” He knelt down and his daughter happily jumped onto his back for a piggy back ride.
“I’m glad,” Sherlock replied, taking off his scarf. “Because you were not looking very well this morning.”
“Yes, yes, it’s me. I’m here and I’m so, so sorry, love, can you ever forgive me?” Tears were cascading down John’s face now. Just seeing Sherlock’s eyes looking into his, and the relief and the love John felt overwhelmed him.
“Alright, well I ‘spose we’ll leave you two it then,” Mike smiled and began to lead Molly off toward another table.
Can I?” Rosie asked, looking hopefully up at Sherlock for approval. He grinned and nodded.
“I don’t want to discuss this any further John. I’m getting my things and calling a cab,” Sherlock only had a small shred of anger left and he used it to give this final declaration some defiant dignity. The self pity and self loathing that was filling his heart, he kept hidden to himself.
“So a week ago, Rosie told me she wanted a princess party for her birthday,” John said, conversationally.
“This is all my fault,” he cried.
“Not sure actually, but perhaps we’ll find out,” Sherlock winked and kissed him, before turning and heading into the house. “Come on, the guests are supposed to be here soon, right?”
“No, no... We were talking about you... and you love talking about yourself,” John said slowly, thinking outloud. “You’re trying to keep something from me… We’re here for some reason other than you being hungry and you don’t want to tell me what it is,” John finished, somewhat proud of having deduced the motivations of the original master of deduction.
After they’d changed into less sandy clothes, they headed into town for lunch and then strolled the main street.
John smiled. He knew Sherlock had managed to solve plenty of cases before they’d met and plenty more since when John was too busy to offer his assistance, but he was glad that Sherlock wanted his opinion all the same.
“John, what’s wrong?” his friend sounded genuinely worried on the other end of the line.
“What’s the point?” John responded with a happiness that was partially the buzz from finishing his last pint too quickly and partially the excitement at his own boldness. “Anyway he’s right, my night is going much better now.”
“But sometimes it fits,” Rosie argued. “And if anybody isn’t ok with you and Sherlock being in love they’re a right arse,” she declared. “I think he’s wonderful and if he loves you and you love him, that’s good because being in love makes people happy, and I want to be happy, Daddy,” she said fiercely.
“Right, ok…” John took a drink of his champagne and scanned the dining room for someone who looked easy to figure out. He normally wouldn’t be so eager to go along with the detective's little games, but this was a chance to impress Sherlock, which John wanted to do tonight. If he could prove he was smart and capable, Sherlock’s equal, that would set things up better for the little announcement he was planning to make. So John needed to find someone who was easy to read because to let his observation skills shine, he needed a less challenging target. “How about that older man sitting alone, behind you?”
“So my brother is continuing to meddle. What did he want?” Sherlock asked.
“Right well it was pretty bad right from the moment she arrived because the first thing out of her mouth when I stood up to shake her hand was ‘my you’re shorter than I expected’”
John nodded and then walked over to the room the nurse had indicated was Sherlock’s.
“Well it means a lot that you felt you could trust me with it,” John said sincerely.
“Hey, I’m finally here,” John said loudly as he opened the door to 221b, surprised not to find Sherlock and Rosie in the front room.
“We’d like a bottle of champagne,” he told the waiter confidently. “I think…” He scanned the menu for something nice but not too expensive. “This one will do nicely.” John pointed out a selection to the waiter.
“Come one, come on…” John groaned into his mobile. For the second time in as many weeks, he found himself praying that Sherlock would hurry up and answer his call.
***********************
“I thought that’s what this weekend was. I thought here, away from the rest of our lives, we were going to be ourselves, together, as a couple,” said Sherlock quietly, almost dejected.
Feeling bored. Dinner tomorrow? I’ll make reservations. Be at Baker St at 6:30. Bring Rosie. Mrs Hudson can watch her. -SH
Sherlock was surprised by this news. How had two people he knew started dating without his taking notice? But he had to admit Molly and Mike would make a sweet couple, they were both kind, smart but somewhat quiet people. How had he not noticed it though? Of course the last month or so he had been rather distracted by John. John! He still needed to come up with a Valentine’s gift, think, think!
Sherlock packed quickly and left the house without saying a word. He didn’t shed a single tear, which half surprised him and half didn’t. He’d spent many long years training himself not to show emotion, and not to dwell on it because it was a weakness that lead to situations like this. John loved him, of that Sherlock was sure, but it also seemed clear John was ashamed and embarrassed by his feelings, why else would he want to hide them? And Sherlock could understand, when he looked at himself he couldn’t find much to be proud of either. He waited outside in the cold for the cab and thought about how lovely it would be if the wind could reach inside and numb his heart, just as it was numbing his fingers.
“How on earth did you manage this?” John asked with admiration, as the door shut behind them.
John sat on the couch hours later, elbows on knees, head in his hands. It was past midnight and he hadn’t slept a wink. He could feel a headache coming on, the whiskey would be partly to blame. He was screwing this all up. He finally had another chance at happiness and he was ruining it by making Sherlock think he didn’t love him, which was the farthest thing from the truth. How on earth was he going to patch things up after this? He heard tiny footsteps enter room and after a moment Rosie climbed up and sat on the couch next to him.
“Sorry, guess I’m taken,” John whispered with a wink.
“Right, one coffee, coming,” Sherlock chirped as he left the room again.
“Because we’re in love, dear,” he told her carefully. “We were going to tell you, but we wanted to wait for the right time.” Sherlock knelt down then so he was on Rosie’s level. “How do you feel about that, Rosie? It’s ok if you’re surprised.”
“Why are you changing the subject?” John persisted.
“Why don’t you just tell her, then, why wait?” Sherlock shot back, half angry half offended that John felt they needed to keep this from his daughter. Sherlock had always thought Rosie was fond of him. Didn’t John himself said I was good with Rosie? Sherlock thought. But perhaps this was something John only acknowledged grudgingly. Perhaps he thinks I might be a bad influence if I'm around Rosie too much, Sherlock worried.
i loved you.
I'll be next door if you need me.
Sherlock doesn’t understand the anger simmering behind his tight-lipped smile. It’s not because of Mary - not anymore, at least; she makes a more melancholic, empty feeling bloom in his chest that makes it feel like his whole body has concaved into a void in his heart. This feeling is sharp, biting, and acidic. It’s hard to swallow. It’s hard to breathe. It’s hard to pay attention. His bespoke suit makes him itch and it’s too stifling. Everyone else is chattering way too loudly like the ignorant people they are, all blinded by the glamour of the wedding and smiling without a care. Too loud! Too bright! Too bloody infuriating!
because i care about you.
(John wouldn’t want him to attack someone. John shouldn’t know about this gut-wrenching feeling. John should be happy today.)
What people say.
Do you just carry on talking when I'm away?
- diary of obscure sorrows.
(Do it for John.)
I don't know. How often are you away?
You machine!
i miss you.
”. The anger rushes through his veins with a sinking feeling in his gut like he’s been kicked. It pounds through his head until everything else fades into white noise.
i miss you.
because i love you.
We’ve only just met and we’re gonna go and look at a flat?
Good morning.
She’s smaller than he is, but it feels like she’s taking up all the space. “Neither of us were the first, you know.”
said to behave.
[ Are you jealous? ]
He’s behaving, isn’t he?
He’s putting up with all the pleasantries and small talk, he hasn’t snapped at anyone yet, Janine seems to like him, he definitely didn’t smile
D’you know you do that out loud?
i love you.
Bit different from my day.
good day and a
Hello.
About me? I don’t understand – why would it upset
at David. The constant
It’s an oddly familiar feeling.
please don't jump.
I'm sorry.
— ✧ —
Jealousy.
I love you.
Good morning.
That’s fantastic!
He’s definitely not angry at how John smiles up at Sholto - the grin just a little too wide and a little too affectionate - or how highly John spoke of the man to Mary. (
“So that’s him: major Sholto.” His face twists into a frown. The name is like poison against his tongue. The biting feeling gnawing at the edges of his mind gets stronger as he studies the two blonds talking amiably by the large doors. Almost immediately, deductions spring up, all tinged red with anger that clouds the logical objectivity on which the consulting detective prides himself on. He sees the way the major looks at John, and the way John looks back at Sholto, and the way John smiles up at his
Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.
Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock.
You, being all mysterious with your cheekbones and turning your coat collar up so you look cool.
John, surprised at the suddenness, choked at the length of Sherlock’s cock forced further into his mouth and the come trying to shoot down his throat. His eyes watered a bit as he pulled back, and Sherlock shook under him, finishing against his mouth and chin.
Sherlock looks like he’s thinking hard, obviously caught off guard by the particular question. It wasn’t
“Yeah. Yeah, sure. Of course,” John smiled down at him and moved to lay back down on Sherlock, but the detective’s hand pressed against his chest, stopping him before he could, “Wha-“
“Only for you,” Sherlock mumbled into John’s hair, just before pressing a kiss to his scalp. John closed his eyes and pushed his face into Sherlock’s neck. He smelled a little bit like the hospital, partially like grass, most mostly he smelled like Sherlock. Like his expensive shampoo and musky but somehow floral aftershave. He smelled like home.
Sherlock's arms are pulled around him, pressing him hard and close, like they’re not close enough, even though there's not a millimeter of space between them. John thinks Sherlock would curl up inside him, wrap up in his body and stay there forever if he could. He wouldn't stop him.
"So, this week, the main events are the canoe trip tomorrow, the trivia tournament on Tuesday, the adventure hike on Wednesday, and then Thursday will be a free day until we leave that night. In between all that," he said, handing out sheets of paper to everyone in the circle, "you and your partner will do a project. It’s not difficult, just find a plant and use the books in front of my tent to research it. Create an infographic for the species, which you will turn in at the end of the retreat. And don't forget to collect a sample!"
Mrs. Hudson was just exiting her flat as he stepped into the foyer.
Rosie climbed on top of Sherlock's chest and lay flat, folding her hands under her chin and looking up at his face with her large doe eyes. Those eyes, sparkling blue and brown. So beautiful, so like John's. He never got tired of those eyes.
"Goodnight, Sherlock."
"No," Sherlock mumbled from under the duvet. He heard a small giggle and he moved the blanket just enough to peak his eyes out above the thick fabric. Squinting, he blinked at the toddler to his side.
As if this comparison summoned him – as if her eyes were magical crystals connected to his - John appeared in the doorway, holding a cup of tea, still steaming in his hands.
Sherlock paused and placed a hand on John’s neck, bringing their faces closer together, “I only want you, John. If that makes us partners, boyfriends, exclusive, that’s fine. It’s only you.”
“Shut up,” John replied fondly, settling back down on Sherlock's chest.
“It’s just bruises. Well- and a few broken bones. I’m fine, really.”
“Nope, no,” John shook his head and reached for the door handle, “I’m not having this conversation. Go be an over-protective arsehole somewhere else.”
“He’s stubborn. Tired and frustrated.”
Eventually, John gave up listening to Mike and wandered over to Sherlock, sitting down next to him.
Sherlock looked up and grumbled, finally moving his feet toward the doorway. He paused as he caught up to John and tilted up his chin, “I’m married to that arse, I’m allowed to look at it,” he said, before sweeping off through the door and toward the stairs. John shook his head, a small smile quirking up the side of his mouth. Sherlock disappeared around the landing and John took a breath and steadied himself before slowly making his way up the flight.
That night, they started a fire and roasted marshmallows, Mike telling only vaguely scary, but funny, ghost stories as the fire crackled behind him.  John listened and laughed for a bit, but ended up staring at Sherlock, who was sitting a bit away, reading something with his flashlight.
The cold of December had fully washed over London and each day seemed to be colder than the last. The temperature had hovered around freezing for several days, flurries threatening to fall from the grey clouds. The first snowflake fell somewhere in Brixton and before long, London had become a city of sparkling white.
“Mycroft.” Sherlock placed the lilacs in his hands on the ground in between the two gravestones, “Mum, Dad.” The two brothers stood in silence for a while, lost in their own thoughts. Eventually, Mycroft broke the eerie quiet.
“I have very little sexual experience if that’s what you’re asking. So do you. With men, anyway.”
“Are- are you sure? We haven’t done that before,” John whispered, heart beating with anticipation. Sherlock took a breath and nodded, gripping John’s arms tight. John chuckled, “I need you to actually say it, love.”
"Fine."
So, imagine his disappointment when he arrived home fifteen minutes after his shift to an empty flat.
Sherlock says it like the words are of the utmost importance, like every time were the first time, and for a while, John is thrown. Is this his life, now? Will he never escape from the endless barrage of ‘I love you’s? Does he want to?
. He snapped on a pair of latex gloves and rolled his chair next to the exam table, “You’ve both been tested, yes? As a doctor, I do need to remind you that pregnancy is not the only risk when it comes to sex. The implant does not protect from HIV or STIs.”
“Last week,” Sherlock replied, and John nodded and slightly, starting to turn his face back down into Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock stopped the movement with his hand against John’s jaw and their eyes met. John smiled tiredly at him.
He’s halfway out of the car before it’s even in park, Lestrade’s yell pushed to the back of John’s mind. He’s quickly assessing Sherlock as he approaches, noting that while he has a cut on his forehead that is being tended to by an EMT, he mostly just looks annoyed. He looks okay. He’s breathing, he’s rolling his eyes, he’s
“Well, we can check it off the list, then,” Sherlock replies, which only makes John bark out another laugh. Eventually, he calms down enough and sighs.
"Well, it wasn't meant for you, so..." John smiled down, his eyes sparkling brightly. Sherlock was about to make a smart remark, but was cut off by John's lips on his - a soft and innocent kiss, but full of love, desire. They pulled apart, their faces still close enough to feel their breath on each other.
“That was incredibly hot,” he whispered. Sherlock groaned and moved his other hand from John’s head so he could cover his entire face.
"It's a
Sherlock nodded and reached down to John’s arse, pressing his hands into the soft flesh, “More, John.”
Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s to quiet him then pulled back and nodded, “I do want to. Eventually. Obviously, we might have to work up to it.”
"Do you not think it strange that we've announced our love for each other, but haven’t kissed or anything?" His voice catches slightly around
John pushed in further and released a strangled sound as he became fully seated inside Sherlock. Sherlock’s head fell back and he ground down onto John’s cock as well as he could from underneath him. John’s mouth fell open and Sherlock thrashed against him with a cry as John hit his prostate.
John groans and rolls away, shoving his face deep into a pillow. He's delighted to note that Sherlock crawls back on the bed, placing his hands on either side of John's body and resting his chin on his shoulder.
Sherlock didn’t respond, choosing instead to lean his head down and capture John’s mouth with his own. Their lips glided against each other softly, lazily. Sherlock felt John grin against him and leaned his head back against the arm of the sofa. John tapped Sherlock’s temple.
"You- what? Why?" John leans back and his eyes meet Sherlock’s, brows creased. He tilts his head, then straightens it again as realization dawns on his features. He shuffles around as he stands up from the floor, standing fully and reaching his hand out to Sherlock, "I will never be mad enough at you to not want to sleep next to you.”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice slurred slightly as he reached out his hand. Sherlock sat down in the chair to John’s right and allowed John’s hand to cover his over the sheets on the edge of the mattress.
"Well. Eventually... Seems the thing to do, doesn’t it?"
Eventually, he hailed a cab outside the pub and found himself settled comfortably in the backseat, rummaging in his pockets for his phone. The driver looked at him from the rearview mirror.
“Really?” John asked incredulously, “Right now?”
“I’m sure. I want you,” Sherlock said in clear absolution, bucking his hips up so John could feel his erection against his stomach. John licked his lips and nodded.
“Oh? Making room for the solar system?”
"Likewise."
“Did I say that out loud?” John asked, tilting his head quizzically. He giggled to himself, falling over slightly in the process. Sherlock was there, suddenly, propping him up with his slender arms. Next thing John knew, he was on the couch, being covered with an incredibly soft blanket. He looked up to see Sherlock’s face near his own, the detective knelt beside him on the floor. John wrinkled his eyebrows, studying the man.
“Doctor Watson! What is Mr. Holmes’ condition? Is he going to make a recovery?” She prompts, eyes wide and mouth open in an innocent pucker. John waves her off. Unfortunately, she has caught the attention of several more reporters and suddenly he has multiple microphones shoved in his face. There’s too many of them, too many questions being thrown at him, and he’s finding it hard to breathe.
John pushes his face into the crook of Sherlock's neck, and he feels the small pressure of a kiss pressed into his hair. His eyes are fluttering closed, his mind and body fuzzy. He places a lazy kiss on Sherlock's neck.
They sit in silence, the stale smell of beer and smoke drifting from John.
“Trent? You mean Travis?”
“Yes, you rather well beat that out of him, didn’t you?” John snapped back at him, his shoulders raising in a rather dominating way. Mycroft seemed to fall back a bit on that, blinking at the doctor in surprise. John ran a hand over his face and leaned back against the seat, “Look, we just kissed, we’re not getting married! Let us figure some shit out on our own, would you?”
“Look at your hand,” Sherlock said, a flicker in his eyes. John furrowed his brow but looked anyway. He turned his hand over, and then back, then shook his head, disbelieving.
Sherlock scoffed, “Of course not. Dreams are completely random firings of synapses, there’s no way I could know what you’re dreaming unless you talk in your sleep, which you don’t… most of the time.”
Sherlock gave him a look as he stood once again to take the containers of food out of the sack, “His grandson was born last week. Handsome, apparently, though I think the opinion is biased. I doubt he escaped the inevitability of every newborn to look like a turnip.”
“Are you just going to keep your hands there or are you going take my pants off?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. John growled and pushed the material down over the curve of his arse.
The sun was setting as Sherlock ran his fingers through John’s hair, cool fingertips tracing temple to jaw. His touch felt like home and everything wonderful.
John readjusted his grip on his walking cane, his fist squeezing the handle tensely. He glanced up at the door of the flat for a moment before looking over his shoulder at Sherlock, who was pulling their bags from the back of the cab.
John swallowed and sighed, “I must admit, knowing that she set this up is not exactly a turn-on.” He pulled away, keeping one arm on Sherlock’s shoulder, “And we haven’t gotten rid of Mycroft’s bugs yet.”
"Okay. I'll… stop saying it," Sherlock says, and John finally looks at him again.
“Uh, Knightsbridge.” John replied distractedly. His eyes were training hard on his phone, willing the screen to stop being blurry. He clicked on a notification, bringing up several unread messages.
“Sherlock? You okay?” he asked. Sherlock removed his hand from John’s grip and started back up the stairs, not responding. John followed behind, having to steady himself every other step.
By the time John walked through the door of the living area of the flat, he was right exhausted, a fact that thoroughly made him resent his useless legs. He fell down onto the couch and let his cane fall along with him. The doctor glared at the offending object for a moment before he lifted his eyes to take in the familiar room.
Molly smiled and turned away, hesitating slightly. She looked over to Sherlock for a moment and then back to John, “So, I guess what Greg said is true?”
“You’re covered in both of our…” Sherlock moved his hand in a grand motion toward their lower parts. John looked down and he blushed as Sherlock’s words clicked.
A flash of something hot ran through Sherlock’s chest and he had to concentrate for a moment to get his breathing back, “I- I want- “
“Oh, hon, I’m so sorry,” John put his index finger under Sherlock’s chin and lifted it up to him once again, “I know this has been hard for you, and I’ve been awful, and god, Sherlock, you’re a saint. I don’t know how you’ve put up with me. Come here,” John put one hand on Sherlock’s neck and the other stayed around his waist as he pulled him close, “I’m home, and I love you. I love you, I love you.” He emphasized each proclamation with a kiss to Sherlock’s neck, then the top of his cheekbone, then the last to his lips.
Sherlock lay there for a few minutes, his shallow breath warming the area of the duvet that rested over his mouth. He had almost drifted back to sleep when he heard the faint click of the door handle, the hinges groaning lightly as the door opened.
“What is there to talk about? I want you, you want me, what else is there?”
“Define well.” John tilted his head onto his shoulder in a way that reminded Sherlock eerily of a puppy looking through the shop window. The detective sighed, though it was more affectionate than annoyed. John peeked a lopsided smile, “It actually went okay. Walked across the room twice without help.”
Sherlock sat down on the floor, watching John’s chest rise and fall. He noticed John’s phone still open to an unsent message and he reached forward to lock the device. He tilted his head as he read it, then pressed send, deleting the reply from John’s phone. Sherlock’s mobile lit up, indicating a new message had arrived. He dismissed the message then locked the phone, a smile tugging at his lips.
John licked his lips and pulled Sherlock closer, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s jaw and working his way down to his neck. Sherlock released a breathy moan and ran a hand over John’s chest. Sherlock smelled of tea and expensive shampoo, and John paused to breath him in.
He was lying on his back on the sofa, fingertips pressed up under his chin. It had been a few hours since he had started, or perhaps longer. Sherlock wasn’t sure, being too distracted by the organizing of all the different sensations certain fabrics of John’s clothing felt against his skin. Cataloging them.
"I know. I know." John placed a hand in Sherlock's curls, pulling his head closer and pulling Sherlock’s head to rest underneath his chin. Sherlock releases a breath and closes his eyes. They stay for a while, feeling each other’s heartbeats.
“What? What’s wrong?” He asked, raising a hand and tracing John’s jaw. John let out a wet laugh and shook his head.
“What were you thinking about? Before I got home.”
"Good?" Sherlock whispers in a low baritone. John nods, a smile pulling at his swollen and reddened lips.
Sherlock’s head popped out from the kitchen entryway a moment later.
“There’s been another murder!” He exclaimed, jumping up and out of bed, striding to the bathroom in all his naked glory. John stared longingly at his retreating figure for a moment before leaning over the side of the bed and wiping the lube on his finger on Sherlock’s discarded briefs. He grumbled and thought about finishing himself off alone, but ultimately decided to just get dressed and follow Sherlock into the depths of another case.
“You’re gorgeous,” he whispered, kissing the edge of Sherlock’s mouth, “beautiful,” another kiss to the other side of his mouth.
Sherlock gave nothing but a chuckle response.
Sherlock’s eyes roamed the terrain of John’s face for a moment before he smiled, his eyelashes fluttering and hand roaming upward from John’s knee.
John was doing his best to react professionally, but
"I love you more." His groggy voice said before he rolled onto his side and breathed in, a soft snore released from his mouth. John closed the door the rest of the way, a cheeky grin on his face.
“By that, you mean you were watching me sleep in that creepy way you do and you lost track of time.”
“Don’t hold back, Sherlock. I want to hear you,” John said as he grazed his middle finger over Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock released a high-pitched moan and his eyes fell closed. John chuckled, “All right?”
"John. Say it back," Sherlock reaches out and touches John's shoulder, feeling him freeze at his touch, "Please, just say you love me." His eyes beg, and John can't quite meet them. Silently, he turns and exits the flat, pulling the door closed behind him hard enough to echo throughout the flat and shake the pictures on the wall.
“Cheekbones.” He mumbled, his breathing steadying as he drifted out of consciousness. Sherlock’s mouth tweaked, and he placed a hand on John’s forehead, running his hands lightly through the grey hair. John roused slightly but did not awaken.
"It's Lestrade. We have a case," Sherlock says, pulling his coat around his shoulders before John can even move from his position in the kitchen.
“Well, Mrs. Hudson thought we were together the entire time anyway.”
Sherlock looks at his face, much closer to his now, and blinks, not knowing what to say.
Sherlock shook his head as the strap of a bag fell down his arm and tugged his body slightly toward the ground, “No, no. I’ve got it.” John snorted at the sight of the semi-retired detective being bested by duffles and suitcases.
“Oh! Yeah, good thinking,” John pulled off and stood up from the couch. He looked down at Sherlock’s debauched, half-nude form and tilted his head, “God, you really are lovely.”
“G’morning, beautiful,” John whispered, voice gravelly from sleep. Sherlock blushed slightly at the endearment.
“The car is still moving, John,” Mycroft, for all that he was usually composed, was exuding a reasonable amount of frustration. John pulled at the handle a few times, realized that it would not unlock until the car had stopped, and turned back to Mycroft. When he did not say anything, Mycroft continued, “My brother does not handle sentiment well.”
Sherlock responded by pushing down onto John’s finger, causing the tip to press against the puckered hole. He huffed as John pulled his hand back. A few seconds later, he was relieved to feel John’s finger back where it was, lubed up sufficiently this time.
“John-“
“What’s that, John?” He asked, turning around. John’s eyes quickly came up to Sherlock’s, a shocked expression on his face.
Sherlock took in a few shuttering breaths and turned his gaze to Mycroft, “Sentiment?”
“There are things we need to discuss. One thing in particular,” the statesman said with an expression which was somehow both blank and condescending. John withheld an eye-roll but was unable to hold back a deep sigh.
"Everyone is finding their plants for the project. Don't worry, I already found some interesting species on the other side of the trail," Sherlock said, leading John over to the trail they had reached the campground through.
running through his mind. He flashes a smile and nods.
Sherlock whispers, "It's okay, I'm okay," and reaches for John’s waist, pulling him close enough to press his cheek into John’s stomach. John’s hands automatically reach up and settle into Sherlock’s hair and he closes his eyes as Sherlock mumbles apologies into John’s shirt.
The kiss is desperate but slow, Sherlock wrapping his arms around John’s taught back, clutching at his shirt, and John pushes his tongue past Sherlock’s lips. The detective tastes like dirty water and smells a bit like rubbish and he’s soaked from head to toe, but John can’t find it within himself to care.
“I wasn’t-“ John started but stopped at Molly’s knowing gaze. He gave her an embarrassed smile and she left to get her coffee before the entire situation could get even more uncomfortable.
“Are you going to try this time?” Sherlock’s voice was quiet and tight. John looked away and bit his lip. Sherlock sighed and leaned away slightly. “I’m meeting Mycroft today. I’ll be back in a few hours, dinner time at the latest.” He pressed a kiss to John's temple before pulling away and throwing on his coat.
"But... The snow..." Sherlock mumbled, his eyes closing slowly. John placed a hand on his cheek and caressed his jawline softly.
“Oh, you're so lovely, Sherlock,” John rasped as Sherlock pressed his face into his neck, restraining from biting his skin, “Just like that, baby, c’mon.”
"My parents thought I needed to get out of London for a bit," Sherlock said matter of factly, and then pushed past John, making his way to the stack of books near Mr. Dimmock's tent, effectively ending their conversation. John stared at him as he walked away. Sherlock bent down to flip through one of the texts while John did
“I’m clean.”
“Almost done,” Sherlock replied, his voice deep and purposefully steady. John grinned and spread his hands over Sherlock’s chest, rubbing his left nipple through his shirt. He pressed a wet kiss to Sherlock’s neck, sucking just enough to leave a light mark.
"I, well," John pauses as he looks at Sherlock's raised eyebrow and messy hair, "I love you, too."
"Probably still a bit complex for Anderson, though," John replied, watching the shy smirk that appeared on Sherlock's face. John loved making Sherlock smile. And laugh. God, he had a lovely laugh.
“Ah- John…” He moaned, and his hips moved responsively. John’s hand loosened slightly on Sherlock’s back and his face pulled back to look at the blush running up Sherlock's neck to his ears and cheeks.
"A child could do it," Sherlock replied, rolling his eyes.
“Possibly my method of reinforcement might have sent the wrong message,” John says, leaning away. He notices the cut still halfway treated on Sherlock’s forehead, however, and sighs, “I should probably finish patching you up.”
John placed a hand at the base of Sherlock’s cock, giving a few light strokes. Sherlock’s head fell back. Grinning, John ran his hand down lower, over his bollocks, giving them a soft squeeze before allowing his finger to travel further back. He massaged Sherlock’s perineum, causing Sherlock to grip John’s shoulder and bit his lip to stifle a cry.
“And now you’re here.” Sherlock stated, a questioning tone in his voice. John shrugged.
"Oh. Okay," John nodded and decided to drop it before he caused any accidental awkwardness again, "On a different note, I have a question."
"Did I not tell you to let Papa sleep, Rosie?" John said, though his tone was light, and he had a smirk on his lips. Rosie lifted her head but did not move from her bed on Sherlock’s chest.
John made himself comfortable on a lab chair while Molly and Sherlock worked. Sherlock asked for his opinion a few times and bounced some ideas off of him, but eventually retreated into his own mind. After a few minutes, Sherlock carried a lung sample over to a microscope and leaned down to look through the eyepiece, giving John a rather fantastic view of his arse. The trousers he had worn today fit him extremely well, John thought. He propped his head on his hand and sighed quietly.
“I… Yes. Unless you and John-“
“I can think of a few ways you could shut me up.”
When no reply came after ten minutes, John resigned to make himself a cup of tea and stand against the counter while glancing unsurely at Sherlock’s experiment on the table. It was a rather shocking shade of pink. John decided he didn’t want to know.
Sherlock feels John's hand slip into his and a sudden calm washes over him. His eyes turn to the shorter man and he can’t think anything except
John clutches Sherlock’s shoulders and leans over him, folding his legs on either side of Sherlock on the metal bench of the ambulance. He needs to be close to him, needs to feel him, here, real,
"Goodnight, John,” Sherlock replied, turning away and climbing into his tent. John watched after him for a moment, biting his lip, and then made his way to his own tent with a quiet sigh.
“-and don’t get me started on sex toys. I used to think they were weird and kinky, but let me tell you-“
John realizes, as he catches sight of Sherlock’s mop of hair inside the ambulance, that he hasn’t taken a decent breath in hours.
“God help me, I do.”
“I can’t believe I lost him,” Sherlock complains, pouting in a way that John finds oddly endearing.
John nodded politely and finished inserting the implant into the woman’s arm before sending her on her way. He rested his head on his desk and groaned. It was generally frowned upon to wank at work, right? He pulled his phone out and typed a message.
Finally, John slumped over Sherlock and huffed, “Good lord.”
"Of all the selfish things..." John takes a deep breath, closing his eyes to steady himself.
“Lestrade. Drinking games. Many… many shots of tequila.”
John shuffles and clears his throat, “You- you
“Yes?”
Sherlock was pulled from his thoughts as a heavy weight settled across his entire body. He blinked his eyes open, but his vision was mostly obscured by sandy grey hair.
“You- that’s all you have to say?” John hisses, his worry quickly being replaced with anger. He turns to the EMT and says at politely as possible, “Would you give us a moment?”
“Do you need help?”
He bites his lip and lays the phone face up on his chest. A reply isn’t expected. John’s visiting Harry at her new place in Reading, and the doctor usually keeps a rather strict sleeping schedule - when Sherlock’s not interrupting it. He closes his eyes and has drifted into a half sleep when the phone lights up, soft light filtering through his eyelids. He blinks and refocuses his eyes while squinting at the phone.
A hand caught his as he reached the third step, causing him to fall backward slightly.
“You okay?” he asks, snapping Sherlock away from the constant stream of
“John, this is not something to go into lightly. My brother is not-“
"I can’t function when you're gone. My heart feels like it could burst. It's hateful."
“Sherlock?” He pulled away to meet Sherlock’s eyes, only to see them shining and overflowing, “Sherlock, what’s wrong?”
Sherlock slowly smiled and sighed, “The best declarations of love always include a threat of murder,” he said sarcastically.
Sherlock was grappling at John’s back when his phone beeped on the side table. Sherlock reached out and grabbed it, wiping a bit of sweat from his forehead as he did so. John huffed as he watched Sherlock tap at the screen.
), but John waved her off politely before turning back to glare at his unwelcome visitor.
"Oh? What is that?" Sherlock asked, lowering the blanket lower until his whole face showed. The girl leaned in close, her hands cuffed next to her mouth.
And that's the day that John decides he is definitely not into voyeurism.
They fall into a regular routine of ‘I love you’s and neither of them can be bothered to realize how swiftly and strangely their relationship has shifted.
“Oh, sorry.” John said, his hand clasped tightly around the detective’s. Sherlock looked down at their hands intertwined, heat rising in his cheeks momentarily before he pushed it away.
John shook his head and smiled, “No, thanks, Molly. I’m good.”
After a few seconds, Sherlock pulls away, his eyes opening slowly. John can see his own eyes reflected in deep blue.
Later, he lay tucked inside of his sleeping bag, looking up at the shadows splayed on the top of the tent. Mike was silent next to him, only his breathing audible.
Sherlock stiffened against John as he came, clenching around John’s cock and crying out something that sounded vaguely like John's name. John slid in and out two more times before he was coming with him, shaking and pressing their bodies together.
John bristles, but can't find anything else to say. He looks down at his hand on the arm of his chair, the tapping of his fingertips muted against the fabric. He looks up again.
“Christ. We’re in an ambulance,” John gasps, tears of relief and laughter escaping the corner of his eyes.
“You’re a fuckin sap.”
They've had fights before. Hell, most of their flat-share, friendship, and relationship is composed of bickering and pointed comments. Somehow, and not surprisingly, this is different.
“Very good,” Sherlock said, leaning in and placing a kiss at the doctor’s temple. “Brilliant, even.”
The doctor shook out of his thoughts to see Molly standing beside him, her cheeks bright pink and her arms folded in in discomfort.
, but Sherlock just looks at him dead-on with a plain expression.
“But you love me anyway,” Sherlock says, scanning over John’s closed eyelids. The doctor releases a soft laugh and Sherlock’s stomach flutters at the sound.
"Okay, well let me know," John says, crossing his leg and pulling the newspaper out in front of him.
"Jesus, Sherlock," he says. Lestrade only releases an awkward laugh and extracts himself from the conversation as soon as possible.
“Well, I guess congratulations are in order, then?” Lestrade shifts his jaw and looks between them.
think about how nicely his jeans fit his arse.
"That was... Wow."
"No, Sherlock," He leans his shoulder against the wall, leaning his head sideways, "Of course I want you to say it. You just- you can’t manipulate me with it."
“How much longer?” John asked into Sherlock’s ear, following the words with a trace of his tongue at the back of his ear. Sherlock shivered minutely and almost dropped the slide he was holding. He swallowed, and John could feel him physically recompose himself.
"John.
Sherlock squeezed John’s shoulders, “Really?”
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up and he turned his head quickly toward the window. On observation, he found the toddler to be correct, seeing the flurries floating lazily past his window. He turned toward her with a smile.
The sun was rising as Sherlock ran his fingers through John’s hair, cool fingertips tracing temple to jaw with an enormous affection. His touch felt like home and everything wonderful.
“Okay.”
It was spring and, just as most people were dragging the dust bunnies from under their beds and throwing out old clothes, Sherlock was organizing the rooms of his mind palace. They had become cluttered, after all, and it seemed John’s room would need to be expanded. He probably needed his own wing, if Sherlock was being honest.
They climb into Lestrade’s cruiser and as they make their way back onto the main road, John can hear his heartbeat in his ears, loud and harsh and grounding. He taps his fingers on the seat beside his thighs as they near the flashing lights of another police car and an ambulance.
Sherlock slapped the hand not in John’s hair over his eyes, mortified. John had barely just got started and Sherlock hadn’t even lasted a full
"That's not an excuse!" John can't hold back his voice, the anger and frustration evident. Sherlock flinches slightly, but doesn’t back away. John releases a shaky breath, "He was part of my regiment, and I missed his funeral because you forgot to relay one message. It would’ve taken two seconds, Sherlock.
“Yes, you seem a bit of that as well.” Mycroft dipped his chin slightly, reading into Sherlock’s composure, “John is going to be fine. You’re going to be fine. It was a rather… small stroke, after all.”
"So," Sherlock replied. John pursed his lips.
“Mm, I’d rather not,” John said, causing Sherlock to bark out a laugh, “And I’m not getting off while your brother is listening. C’mon. Let’s destroy some government-issued listening devices.”
,” he tilts his head and studies Sherlock’s face, black eye and bruised chin prominent against the milky skin, “What aren’t you telling me?”
“John,” Sherlock breathed, watching John lick his lips slowly, his tongue dragging along his swollen mouth. John leaned in again, then, caressing Sherlock’s tongue with his own. The hand behind the detective’s back circled around to the front of his pajama bottoms and John’s middle finger ran underneath the waistband.
Lestrade, who is looking both extremely amused and little embarrassed, shakes his head, “Nothing yet.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered, his voice gravelly and soft.
"...No."
John had already composed a response when Sherlock’s face appeared through the glass, his hair more disheveled than usual, curls sticking up in every direction. A smile spread on John’s face and he waved his hand in the air, the unsent message forgotten.
Sherlock looked out the window of the cab as he absentmindedly fiddled with the petals of the lilacs in his hand. It was an early spring morning and the hills were starting to turn green in spots. The air smelled of fresh-cut grass.
“Semantics,” Sherlock said, but his eyes crinkled at the edges as he tried to hide a smile. John’s heart ached with that, but in a very deep, good way. It was gone much too quickly as Sherlock’s expression became more serious, “Do you have physio today?”
"That'll be the day," John replies, voice muffled by padded cotton and satin fabric. Sherlock leans forward, pressing three quick kisses from John's neck to the tip of his shoulder.
Sherlock’s mouth tasted like salty tears and coffee, and John only wanted more of him. He wanted every laugh, every smile, every cry, and shout, and everything in between. He wanted to devour Sherlock’s entire being and know every last piece of him. It was amazing that even now, even after all these years, John could still feel this way. That he could ache with want and love, even when he already had it. It was a gift that he could barely allow himself to believe.
The wood floor creaked softly, and Sherlock opened his eyes, though all he could see was the dark sheets still covering his eyes. Suddenly, he felt a weight shifting onto the bed.
Mycroft was already there, standing with his hands in expensive suit pockets. He didn’t seem to notice Sherlock’s approach as he stared at the gravestones near the base of the tree.
, Sherlock..." His body tenses and a wave of pleasure courses through him, "I'm- oh-
“Sherlock, what is-“
– be doing more.
“Yes, of course, really. What, you thought I didn’t?”
John cleared his throat and closed the tab before shutting the laptop.
"I feel very underappreciated."
John laughed at that, a quiet chuckle, but it was heavenly on Sherlock’s ears. He hadn’t heard that laugh in a while. His hand found John’s again as the ziti was set aside. His thumb stroked John’s wrists, swiping over his pulse over and over. He froze suddenly, causing John to frown.
“Where?”
The first time they have sex, it’s slightly awkward, John being somewhat nervous and new to the whole 'being with a man' thing, and Sherlock just somewhat lanky and awkward in general. It's no less amazing, though, as they get the hang of it and find the right rhythm.
“I fell down some stairs,” he says plainly.
"Just hold still, you crazy Scot."
John paused for a moment, though the patient was too busy talking to notice. He took a deep breath and chose not to respond. His plan to avoid thinking about sex today was absolutely bollocksed and his mind was starting to wander to exceedingly unprofessional places. Sherlock leaning over him, shirtless; John pushed against the wall, hot, wet kisses trailing down his neck; a hand snaking its way down the back of Sherlock’s trousers-
"It's snowing."
"I wasn't trying to be selfish. I forgot, I-I got distracted by a case-"
"But it's snowing, Daddy! Papa loves snow!" She protested, her eyes glancing back down to Sherlock at the end of the statement. Sherlock chuckled; a deep, just-woke-up sort of laugh. John could just about melt at the sound of it. Sherlock lifted his head and put his hands in Rosie’s blonde curls, pulling her face closer to kiss her nose.
“Good,” John says and anger covers his features, his mouth becoming a thin line and his nose flaring subtly. His left had trembles slightly, but he doesn’t care enough to try and hide it, “You,” He pauses and watches Sherlock raise an eyebrow, “You. Utter. Bastard! You- you prick! How could you do that? How could you risk your life like that! The water is below freezing!”
"I'm just curious. There wasn’t anyone correcting Dimmock every ten minutes. It was boring."
John weaves through the crowd of people, most of them hovering around the room he’s attempting to reach. A short blonde with an obscenely tight skirt pushes up in front of him and sticks her hand out in front of him.
“I suppose that’s a yes.”
“Mind Palace. Organizing. Renovating. Expanding.”
Much to John's surprise, Sherlock is very verbal with his affections, and repeats them any time the words cross his mind. Which is quite often.
“I assume your brother’s sex life is not something you want to be privy to,” John gave him a quick wave and closed the car door behind him but was able to catch the beginning of an uncomfortable blush rising on Mycroft’s cheeks. John had no idea, really, if sex was even on the table for him and Sherlock, but he took pride in being able to make Mycroft uncomfortable.
John squinted at a lump of tent material squirming a distance away and frowned, "Oi! You need help?"
“Nothing. Nothing’s wrong,” He reached his hand up to his face to cover Sherlock’s hand with his own and closed his eyes. “It’s progress. It’s good.”
John was not lucky.
"Still keen on that detective work, huh? What’s new, then?"
“I don’t mind it,” Sherlock replied, squeezing John’s knee affectionately, “It reminds me of when we met.” John looked up and watched Sherlock’s mouth form a smile and he eyes shift back and forth from the doctor’s eyes to his lips. John leaned into Sherlock’s body and wrapped an arm around his waist.
"I made your bed," Sherlock says, and John's hand tightens minutely on his neck.
John tugged the last bit of fabric over the metal pole and stepped back to look at his handiwork.
They hadn’t done this before, this thing that John was so obviously preparing to do. They had kissed, snogged, groped, frotted: yes. Wanked next to each other once, even. But Sherlock had never had John’s mouth over him, around him, never felt that wet heat on his cock, and until that moment he hadn’t realized how much we wanted it. How much he needed it.
There were eight people on the retreat in total. Well, nine, if you countered the faculty advisor.
"Ah, Cap! Lovely day, innit? I think I'll just stay here and die."
The cab pulled up to the house and he took a deep breath before exiting and making his way up the winding path to the side of the building. The path emptied into a well-maintained cemetery. A small, in-the-family type setting. He walked the familiar route to the oak tree in the center of the plot.
"Ah," Sherlock says, removing his gaze once again, "Obvious."
"John, I-" Sherlock doesn't know what to say, finding himself in the unfamiliar territory of feeling genuinely remorseful. John shakes his head, pulling himself up from his chair. Sherlock watches as he pulls on his coat, "Where are you going?"
He pulls the sheets off, throwing them into the empty hamper and pulling clean ones from the bottom drawer of the dresser. He tucks the fitted sheet around the edges of the bed, shakes out the duvet and lays it on top, and throws the pillows in the closet near the headboard. He stares at the bed for a few minutes and then goes back down to the kitchen.
“You’ve known Sherlock for a while…” John trailed off, waiting for his friend to acknowledge the thought. Mike huffed and rolled over, shoving his face into his pillow as he looked at John.
“Ridicil- Ridico- Ridiculous.” John finished after a short struggle. Sherlock frowned. Was he calling him ridiculous? Is that what John thought of him? Before he could finish any other thoughts, Sherlock felt two warm hands press against either side of his face. John looked overly concentrated, moving Sherlock’s head back and forth in his grip. “Ridiculous.” He whispered again.
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and threw the Belstaff over his other arm, “Oh, God, yes.”
They're staring at each other for what seems like an age.
“Oh.”
Next was Molly, who pulled Mike.
They don't touch when the words are first said. They don't kiss, or brush hands, or even go within five feet of the other.
The detective blinked his eyes open in the early morning light, the smallest sliver of sunshine peeking through a gap in the curtains. He breathed deeply, running a hand over his face as he rolled onto his back. It was cold, colder than it had been the night before, and he pulled the duvet up over his face in defiance. Defiance to the cold, defiance to the morning light forcing him awake, and defiance to the fact that John had apparently already left the bed, leaving a cold void in his place.
John woke up to grey-blue eyes staring at him, Sherlock’s nose almost close enough to touch his own. John grinned sleepily.
"You were up late. Go back to sleep." John whispered, pushing Sherlock back down and pulling the duvet back over his shoulders. Sherlock tried to stop him but was caught in a yawn during the attempt.
“John?” Mycroft pinched his eyebrows together at John’s sly smile.
"Would you like to? Kiss, that is." Sherlock doesn’t seem at all phased by the conversation, which only irks John.
“Down about a mile. C’mon.”
He lifts a hand to Sherlock's temple and swipes away a loose curl, "Obvious."
Sherlock couldn’t say anything, just nodded as John met his gaze. John’s eyes gleamed and he folded one of Sherlock’s legs over his arm. He rubbed his thumb into Sherlock’s hip as he kissed his way down his inner thigh, pausing above Sherlock’s cock, which was now full and jutting up proudly from his hip.
His lips brush lightly against the detectives, soft for a moment and then suddenly desperate, his hands finding the sides of Sherlock's head. His fingers push into dark curls and a sigh is released between them, and he's not sure which one of them it came from.
“If I can find a cab,” John replied.
“Yes?” Sherlock’s voice rumbled next to John’s ear before his lips met the doctor’s neck. John tilted his head slightly to give the detective more access. Sherlock’s mouth sucked gently at John’s pulse point and his eyes fluttered to a close.
over and over again as his eyes searched the river for the figure of the consulting detective.
“Okay, not gonna ask how you know that, but that’s something to take into consideration, yeah? And what about us, in general? Are we in a relationship, not in a relationship, exclusive, not exclusive? It needs defining.”
The last two left were Anderson and Greg, so they paired, and then Dimmock started talking again.
“I’m going to get coffee. Do you want anything?”
"I put up the hammocks!" Mike exclaimed, pointing to the empty hammock across from him.
“Can I go to sleep now?”
“What? How did-“ John shook his head, realization dawning, “Mrs. Hudson.”
He shook himself out of his thoughts to find that everyone was scattering, still paired together. Sherlock and turned to John and was giving him an odd look.
“Sherlock?” John called, getting only a grunt in response from the bedroom, “Did you clean?”
“What?” He asked, which Sherlock ignored, only loosening his grip.
He remembers whispering
“Your face is very expressive when you’re dreaming,” Sherlock said. His breath ghosted over John’s cheek, soft and warm. John shifted onto his side and reached out to place his hand on Sherlock’s waist.
“Christ, Sherlock, that’s not what he’s…” John says, but Sherlock cuts him off.
“Doesn’t mean I want her to hear us,” John replied, “You’re loud, you know that? Not that I’m complaining.”
John frowned and walked over to Sherlock, who glared at Anderson before sniffing disdainfully and turning to John.
Sherlock huffed and looked up at the ceiling as John laced their hands together, “I wouldn’t have said it if I didn’t mean it.”
“Mate, there’s no way that boy is straight,” Mike replied, reading John’s thoughts. John blushed, a fact he was glad he could hide under the cover of darkness.
John had started at their school almost a year before and had immediately been an instant hit with their peers. He was kind and friendly to everyone, including Sherlock, much to the boy's surprise. By the beginning of the next school year, John had been nominated captain of the rugby team and, combined with the fact that everyone liked him anyway, he had procured quite a bit of power amongst the student body. A power he had used to get Sebastian Wilkes and his half-wit friends off Sherlock's back. In return, Sherlock had helped John pass his Chemistry class.
"Piss off, Mike," John laughed, looking around at the other tents in the area.
The cup was almost empty when he heard the downstairs door open and heavy steps climb the stairs. John stood up straighter.
When Sherlock eventually made his way back to the hospital room, John was lying on his back in the bed, eyes closed. He was half-asleep if the rise and fall of his chest were to be believed. Sherlock took a deep breath before entering the room, setting down the paper sack on the table at the end of the bed, just as John’s eyes blinked open slowly and lazily.
John was just coming off a double-shift. John was tired. John was irritated. John was not in the mood.
Mrs. Hudson thought.
Now in his thirties Sherlock could privately agree that the way he had fought for independence had been self-destructive. He also knew that they would never completely overcome the distance that had grown between them. At this point in life however they had both, in their own wordless way, admitted to wrongdoings towards the other. Now they had mostly settled into a relationship of brotherly bickering, with couple of occasions when tempers had really risen.
Feeling the car slow down she looked out the window and saw that they had reached their destination. It was the abandoned warehouse that Mr. Holmes for some reason liked to meet Dr. Watson in. Good, one step closer to the end of this little assignment and then, with any luck, she wouldn’t have to see Sherlock or his follower in person again for some time. At least she really hoped so!
When Anthea first started working for Mr. Holmes she hadn’t felt all that comfortable with invading someone’s privacy the way Mr. Holmes did in the matter of his brother but it wasn’t her place to question his decisions and she had soon grown used to it. The dossier on Sherlock Holmes that she had initially been given revealed a multitude of hospital visits as well as a number of drugs rehabs that Sherlock had been sent to, against his will. Apparently he had also been arrested several times, for different offences, but that had dealt with by Mr. Holmes and the charges had been dismissed. In short, Mr. Holmes’s brother seemed to be a true menace!
“Get the bloody hell away from me!” Sherlock shouted at the man. It seemed to Greg like they knew each other since the other man just watched with an exasperated look on his face.
That Mr. Holmes hadn’t just given up on his brother, what with the way he was treated by the younger man, was a mystery. She could see how his methods of keeping Sherlock safe could be regarded as overbearing in the extreme but it was truly for no other reason than to keep Sherlock safe. From himself as well as from those of Mr. Holmes’s enemies who saw the young man as a way of gaining leverage or getting revenge on Mr. Holmes himself. Several such attempts had been handled over the years though that was never something that Sherlock seemed to feel grateful for, and if he truly was as smart as Mr. Holmes claimed then he would have known about at least some of them.
“Ah well, hope springs forth eternal. Isn’t that what they say?” The elder Holmes replied, already halfway out the door.
Well, she would have to think about this meeting with the elder Holmes, as well as speak to Sherlock and Dr. Watson. Perhaps they could work something out together and then split the money…
Greg wasn’t sure if he should intervene but by now both men seemed to have forgotten about his presence.
Mycroft had known the happy child and the sullen teenaged, and he had watched that boy grow into an obstinate adult. He had spent time with Sherlock while his brother was high on all manner of drugs, drunk, coming down, detoxing, plagued with cravings or sober. He knew his brother better than anyone and yet Mycroft had made grave miscalculations on a number of occasions, which had pushed them further and further apart.  That bothered him but it wasn’t something he would ever admit out loud. Only alone in the quiet comfort of his own home Mycroft allowed himself the luxury to wallow.
When the young man had approached her just before the trial though she knew that he had proven himself to be a truly good person. He might have been high on drugs now and again, not to mention his other eccentricities, but Mrs. Hudson firmly believed in a ‘Live and let live’ philosophy. She had told him that she would probably return to London now that her husband was on death row and that she owned a house with several flats that she had planned to rent out. He gave her his number and when Mrs. Hudson had settled down in 221A Baker Street she reached out to him.
“Sure, keep your fingers crossed” John called after him, chuckling as he heard a muttered “How pedestrian” from the man now on his way down the stairs.
Thankfully Sherlock had realised that Mr. Hudson was in fact a serial killer and he had found enough evidence that the Miami PD had taken him seriously when he reported his findings, though the fancy suit and crisp accent might have helped too. Mrs. Hudson had known that her husband was no angel, but murder? That was absolutely where she had to draw the line! She had been forced to come to terms with the fact that maybe she just wasn’t a very good judge of character, but at least she wasn’t wrong about Sherlock.
As a child Sherlock had been like the kittens Mycroft remember his aunt having when he visited the summer before Sherlock was born, or it would be more accurate to say that his little brother behaved like a kitten. Sherlock got into absolutely everything, was insatiably curious, adventurous and had been fiercely determined to go his own way and do his own thing. Their parents had often needed Mycroft’s help in looking after the boy as none of them possessed the boundless energy that Sherlock seemed to have.
“What?!” Sherlock snarled back, though he seemed to have lost his previous train of thought as he continued “I am. Not. An. Addict! I’ve told you this a thousand times! I’m a user, I control what I take and not the other way around. It helps me think!”
“Well Mycroft, you probably hate repetitions as much as your brother does but it has to be said… thank God you’re above all that” John couldn’t help but smile for real as he looked over at Mycroft and actually caught him rolling his eyes. Sherlock must have annoyed him more than usual this evening to have the always so proper Mycroft reach this point.
Mycroft Holmes may be Big Brother personified but Anthea had no doubt in her mind that what he did was for the best of all involved, no matter what those actions were.
But you do everything in your power to save the ones you love, don’t you? Anyone who had been through those kinds of experiences that he and Sherlock had would agree. Well, he just had more power than most and he was not letting go of his brother. Come what may.
Unfortunately those were all characteristics that Sherlock had grown into rather than of out of, as he behaved exactly the same way as an adult. Likewise Mycroft had grown into the need of always keeping an eye on his little brother. It hadn’t made for an easy life growing up, that’s for sure. They had been close, once upon a time when they were both much younger, but time changes many things and it turned out that had they possessed very different personalities.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft interrupted sternly.
Mrs. Hudson sat back in her chair and sipped from her tea cup as she thought about his words. That Sherlock battled addiction obviously wasn’t news to her, sad as that may be, but it had now become clear to her why he felt that his older brother tried to run his life. Mr. Holmes certainly seemed like he had, or at least felt he had, enough power to force his brother’s hand ‘for his own good’.
“He could do so much more for Queen and country if he stopped being to obstinate and just came to work for me” Mycroft apparently couldn’t help but comment.
He had nearly lost Sherlock so many times that he may have become slightly neurotic about the safety of his little brother. Mycroft had found Sherlock in back alleys, doss houses, police custody, homeless shelters and on one memorable occasion in the middle of a pub brawl.  He had even been to the morgue once or twice when he had been called to identify a body believed to be Sherlock’s. Mycroft knew more about class A narcotics and the twilight underworld of London than he could ever have imagined, or ever wanted, to know a scant decade and a half ago.
“Yes I know of his habit, you’d had to be blind to miss it, but he’s a good kid. Yes, I’ve been forced to arrest him a couple of times. That was actually how we met, but I think that if he just got a chance, the right help and was properly motivated then he could have a chance at getting clean and staying that way.” Greg told the other man, though the look he got in response clearly told him that he was being thought of as a gullible idiot.
“You’re such a fucking dictator Mycroft! You have no right to control me just because you control pretty much all of-“
John pondered. Unfortunately, that train of thought got him thinking about Mycroft and a sober Harry working together, and wouldn’t that be a match made in hell! John shuddered at the thought, which made both brothers frown at him before going back to their ‘discussion’.
“My brother really is hopelessly dramatic” the elder Holmes sighed and turned his head to look at John who once more sat down in his chair, a cup of tea in his hand, and picked up a book.
On the other hand, Sherlock couldn’t forgive or forget the helpless fury he had felt so many times when Mycroft had shunted him off to hospitals and rehabs as well as when his older brother had tried in all possible ways to control him and change him into something more palatable. In his usual fashion Sherlock’s instinctive response to that had been to push back and to act the complete opposite of how Mycroft wanted him to.
“Of course. Can I expect to hear from you say, tomorrow afternoon?” He asked, finishing his tea and standing up.
Sherlock could admit to having contradictory feeling about his brother. On one hand Sherlock still retained some childhood feelings of safety and connection associated with him. Mycroft had been the one who understood him the best, who had taught him so many things about science, human behaviour and social interaction. Or rather, he had tried to explain social interaction but Sherlock had never quite got the hang of it. When Sherlock was young Mycroft would listen to his thoughts, to explanations of his experiments and answer the millions of questions that he had. At least it had been that way until Mycroft seemed to deem a teenaged Sherlock old enough to stand on his own and thus had expected Sherlock to act like the adult he soon would be, at least in years. That’s when things had begun to go downhill.
“No bother at all Mr. Holmes” she replied with a bland smile. As she led him inside she recalled the circumstances of how she had got to know Sherlock in the first place.
“But that is not the main reason for my wish to speak to you” Mr. Holmes continued, as if his monologue hadn’t been cut short.
As the months passed and John stayed by Sherlock’s side it dawned more and more on John just how much power Mycroft was in possession of and was able to use in just about any way possible. Sherlock may be out of touch with how the ‘normal’ world worked, outside of criminal behaviour, but John was uncomfortably reminded of totalitarian regimes when he thought about Mycroft’s modus operandi. John certainly felt that Sherlock deserved to be treated better, and he didn't think that thought was based only on the fact that his feelings for Sherlock had begun to grow and change.
Having stormed out on his brother and John, Sherlock relished the feeling of being outside in the cold autumn air. He started walking the usual route he used for calming down after meetings with Mycroft. His ire didn’t last long and soon he was simply enjoying the feeling of solitude and the silence of the park late at night. First his mind wandered to John, as it often did nowadays. John was special and he made Sherlock want more…though he was slightly uncertain as to what that really meant. Sherlock knew that John was attracted to him, despite the older man’s mantra of ‘not gay’. They were dancing around each other right now, neither comfortable to be the one to take that first step. But that wasn’t what he wanted to think about right now.
Sherlock knew that John thought he understood how Sherlock felt about Mycroft constantly keeping an eye on his little brother’s life but how could he? John would never understand the complex relationship between the two brothers. Sherlock had grown up with Mycroft’s watchful presence and could hardly imagine anything else, even though it had chafed at times and he had tried to break free from it. In truth, if Mycroft stopped keeping an eye on him and stopped getting involved it would probably hurt. Neither man had a well of emotions to draw from but they weren’t completely emotionless. This was Mycroft’s way of showing that he cared for Sherlock, despite his opinion on how caring was no advantage. The fact that Sherlock allowed it, up to a point, was a way for the two of them to comfortably connect.
Despite Mycroft’s hard words and the rigid look on his face, Greg could see the miniscule cracks in the façade. He wasn’t a DI for nothing and it was apparent to him that this man loved his brother. Mycroft was losing hope of Sherlock surviving much longer if he kept living the way he did.
“Look, I admit that I don’t know Sherlock all that well but from what I’ve gathered from working with him he has an amazing intellect and he truly enjoys, maybe even loves, using that to figure out the why and how of the crimes I investigate. And I’m glad to have him. Maybe, if you get him to cooperate at least somewhat, you can use that as a motivator? I won’t allow him on my crime scenes when he’s high, he knows that, and soon enough word will reach my bosses about him. If they find out that I have a…junkie, consulting on our homicide investigations then I might very well lose my job, and Sherlock would lose his access to crime scenes.”
Mrs. Hudson had met Sherlock way back when she had lived in the United States with her husband. One day she had come across the young man who had found himself stranded in a suburb of Miami. When she learnt that he was a fellow Brit Mrs. Hudson had invited him to stay at her house for a little while. In hindsight it was probably one of the best decisions she had ever made.
Stunned Greg just stared at him for a moment. Brother? The man hardly resembled Sherlock. They had different bone structure and while Sherlock had dark curly hair this man’s hair was more straight and in an auburn colour. As Mycroft came closer though Greg could see the same intense and calculating look in his eyes as Sherlock had.
They both still tested each other’s boundaries but it had become more like a game to them, a comfortable way to interact. In the end Mycroft was the one who came closest to understanding what it was like living with a brain like Sherlock’s and vis-à-vis. Sherlock already knew he would be lost without his blogger…but he had a suspicion that he would be equally lost without his archenemy.
“I am not. I do not want to infringe unduly on your time Mrs. Hudson, but I would like to speak to you as you are Sherlock’s current landlady” Sherlock’s brother said.
After stepping into the foyer of his home, closing the door and setting the alarm Mycroft could finally relax. It had been a long day made even longer as he had decided to visit Sherlock directly after work. No one challenged him like his little brother. Sometimes Mycroft thought that if there were such things as reincarnation and karma then he must have done something truly monstrous in a previous life to have been saddled with a younger brother like Sherlock.
“I can’t say that I’m usually approached by family members of my renter’s. Now why is it that you wanted to speak to me?” She asked, once they had sat down and each had a cup of tea.
John knew Sherlock had been in drug rehab against his will several times, it had slipped out during one of Sherlock’s angry tirades after a meeting between the brothers. As a doctor John could understand the need for an action like that, even though it hurt to hear about a man as fantastic as Sherlock in circumstances like those. But the surveillance? He had thought Sherlock was paranoid at first and had helped him search for listening devices and such just to humour him. It had felt unreal to actually find some, hidden among the many knickknacks in their flat. And they kept finding new ones regularly! The same thing with the people Mycroft assigned to follow them around. Sherlock had of course argued with Mycroft about it but John got the feeling that it was more of a game between the two of them. A rousing game of ‘Can You Spot the Surveillance?’.
“I am fully aware of Sherlock’s arrest record as I am the one who has to sort out his messes, but I doubt you know my little brother very well. He has in fact been to the best rehabilitation facilities I could get him into, three times so far, and every time he falls back into addiction shortly after leaving. Not that he even stays put at the clinics all that long before absconding. I do not want to have to force him there again but by now I don’t think I have any other choice. Not if he is to stay alive and unharmed by the poison he so happily injects into his veins.”
Mycroft had always felt that their parents didn’t take Sherlock’s safety as seriously as they should have. He could freely admit now that that feeling was partly sprung from them having failed to keep Mycroft safe from bullies during his years at school. He had sworn to himself when Sherlock was born that he would be more protective of his brother than their parents had been of him. When Sherlock’s behaviour had started to set him apart from his peers and he had started getting bullied Mycroft had been the one to handle the boys bulling Sherlock. He had been the one Sherlock came to for safety, help and protection. Sherlock’s opinion on whether he needed that protection or not may have changed as he grew up but Mycroft’s hadn’t.
John Watson did not like Mycroft Holmes! Not one bit.
Maybe there was a way she could compromise on what she was willing to do, or maybe give Sherlock a discreet heads up, and still get the money. Not that she was a greedy woman! She just had a feeling that Sherlock could be a somewhat destructive renter.
“Yes, but I do hope that your brothers have not fought the same demons that Sherlock has” Mr. Holmes replied. “My brother has always had a way about him that separated him from those around him, even me though we both share an above average intellect. He has had peculiar behaviour issues and because of that he has spent time at various hospita-“
“I’m sorry, brother? You’re Sherlock’s brother” Greg asked, only to realise how stupid the question was after he had voiced it.
“If you don’t mind me saying so that sound much like the relationship between my own brothers” Mrs. Hudson said.
At first Mycroft had only looked politely interested in what Greg had to say but the DI felt like the other man started to become interested for real as he went on, though it was expertly hidden.
That image was further reinforced by the snippets she heard here and there from the personnel who did the actual groundwork. Apparently Sherlock made a sport of slipping away from them or loudly and publicly deduce their most embarrassing and secret thoughts and actions. To be assigned as a tail for their boss’s younger brother was nothing short of a punishment to be avoided at all cost. Not that anyone would dream of doing anything short of their very best when it came to an order from Mr. Holmes, especially in regards to his little brother.
The polite smile on his face however clashed badly with the piercing and calculating look in his eyes, it felt like he was mentally picking her apart just to learn what is was that made her tick. It reminded her of Sherlock and therefor she wasn’t overly surprised when the man introduced himself as Sherlock’s older brother, Mycroft Holmes.
Sherlock knew that John was the kind of man who preferred his government to be transparent and therefore was uncomfortable by the mere existence of a role such as Mycroft’s. Someone who could have you removed, locked up or killed with one simple decision, without facing any judicial repercussions from it. His older brother’s apparent lack of empathy didn’t help either. For about a week after the first time they got rid of all of Mycroft’s surveillance equipment John had been noticeably more edgy and alert. Almost as if he expected Mycroft to swoop down on them for some perceived mistake and have them locked up or worse. Sherlock had tried to tell him that there was no reason to worry about something like that happening and maybe John had taken him on his word and calmed down, or he just got used to the situation like he had gotten used to being beleaguered in Afghanistan.
“Well, Detective Inspector, you have given me some food for thought. We will without a doubt meet again, though we’ll have to see under what kind of circumstances. Now if you excuse me I have a brother to find.”
It was a little over six months after he first came into contact with Sherlock Holmes that Greg met Mycroft Holmes. It was a cold and damp night when the call had come in that a body, a middle-aged man shot once in each of his limbs as well as in the heart and in the head, had been found in an alley in Southwark. Greg had no idea how Sherlock did it but he had managed to find them without being notified. It quickly became obvious that Sherlock had shown up high, for the third time in as many weeks, despite Greg having told him that he wasn’t welcome to a crime scene when he was in that state. Sherlock was, thankfully, sober most of the time when he consulted with Greg but his drug use was spiralling out of control. Not that Sherlock himself seemed to notice, or maybe he just didn’t care.
It was a very boring assignment and she kept her eyes glued to her phone but used the time to think freely. Thankfully Watson had finally stopped making awkward attempts at conversation, leaving them to ride in silence.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade I presume?” He asked, and as Greg nodded he continued “I do apologise for my brother’s appalling behaviour”.
Mycroft gestured to the young man who had stepped out of the car to not try and follow Sherlock. Greg watched quietly as Mycroft gingerly felt at the back of his head while wearing a downtrodden look on his face. Then he seemed to suddenly realise that Greg was present and in less than a second his face transformed to a blank mask.
Mrs. Hudson wasn’t all that fond of her renter’s older brother. She had first met him the week after Sherlock and Dr. Watson had moved into 221B. She had heard the boys leave and within half an hour there had been a knock on the front door. Opening it Mrs. Hudson saw a neat looking man waitingon her doorstep. He was probably in his late thirties and wore a lovely three-piece suit.
“This has gone on long enough!” The man had looked less calm as he glared at Sherlock. “You have lost control of your drug addiction and if you don’t get clean soon you might very well die! I’m not above having you forced to a clinic if it will save your life!”
On one hand it was obvious that he cared for his brother, and lord knows that Sherlock could give a person a lot to worry about, but at the same time the subtle threat of power he seemed to exude was very unsettling. She wondered if he ever thought about how the road to hell are paved with good intention. Mycroft Holmes she felt was decidedly not a ‘Live and let live’ kind of person.
John thought, but only said “I don’t think that is ever going to happen”
John’s feet pounded the pavement as he chased after the jewel thief, Sherlock and Lestrade right on his heels. John wasn’t in as good of shape as he once had been so he was running out of breath, but he was also gaining on the criminal. He dug deeper, determined not to let the man get away.
“No,” John replied nervously. He was now regretting his moment of daring but there was no going back. If he was to confess his feelings to Sherlock tonight, which had been his plan, champagne seemed like the perfect, romantic accompaniment. Now that he’d ordered the bottle he was going to have to say the little speech he’d prepared.
“Yeah, no it was a bit of a mess,” John admitted. “Are you home right now, are you busy? Could I maybe pop by for a bit, just to let off some steam?” he asked, a bit nervous about how his friend would take this question.
“Come now John, by now I would’ve thought you’d realize, I have my ways. Now get in the car and I promise you won’t be late. We’ll get you to your date on time and you and I can have a little chat on the way,” Mycroft said in a falsely sweet, somewhat demeaning tone. But John was too surprised to be angered by this and, seeing no real alternative, he climbed into the backseat with Sherlock’s brother.
“I know… It’s just that I get worked up sometimes, I have to be her mum and her dad, you know? I have to bake the cake and pick up all the decorations and on a regular basis I have to cook and pick up and also go to work and I just worry sometimes that I can’t do it all well enough.”
“Here’s to not being bored,” Sherlock said brightly, raising his glass of champagne.
“Thank you, James,” said Sherlock as he ushered a stunned John into the compartment.
“There’s something I need to tell you,” John finally managed to spit out.
Sherlock tried to get a handle on his nerves as he headed to the cafe where they’d planned to meet. He didn’t have much experience with romance and none of it was particularly successful, but this time he desperately wanted to get things right. The way he felt about John was unlike the way he’d ever felt about another person before in his life. He cared about John so deeply, and had such an intense desire to protect him, to support him, and to be a good enough person to deserve him. Sherlock had once thought he wasn’t truly capable of falling in love. When he was young, he’d thought perhaps his great intellect prevented him from letting his emotions take over enough to fall in love in the way other people could. But he now knew that wasn’t true because he was in love with John Watson, and he had to get this right so John would fall in love with him in return.
“Oh Christ, that school is so bloody uptight and official about everything. There was probably some form I was supposed to list you on, just let me take to them,” John said frustratedly.
“I just told you neither wallet or purse had any identification, were you even listening?” Sherlock snapped.
“We were meeting a client, about a case,” Sherlock replied calmly. “The restaurant was a special request on her part.”
“O, well she must be rather well-to-do; it’s a nice place,” Molly said, then she glanced down at the table and the two place settings on it. “Didn’t she order anything?”
“I won’t let this happen again either,” he said softly but seriously. “I’m going to get help. I’ll beat this for you and Rosie, I’ve never had a reason to really try to kick the habit but you’ve given me one now.”
“Of course, John” Sherlock replied. “I would trust you with anything.”
John sighed, when Rosie wanted to tell you something there was no putting it off. But he loved that about her, she was like her mother, headstrong and determined. “What’s alright, sweetheart?” he replied.
With Rosie and Mrs. Hudson departed, John walked over and collapsed into the chair beside Molly, taking his own head in his hands.
“I haven’t told anyone that story probably over a decade,” Sherlock said, drying his eyes.
“I was only joking, John, I didn’t mean it like that,” Sherlock pleaded.
“Can I get you gentlemen something to drink?” A young, smartly dressed waiter had approached the table when John wasn’t looking. He was about to ask for a glass of the house red when suddenly an idea struck him.
John and Sherlock go on a date... sort of.
“Please Sherlock, I don’t deserve it, but please for the love of God forgive me,” he whispered.
“No. I’m not interrupting, remember?” the detective said innocently.
“It wasn’t me!” John cried, his mouth full of eggroll. “She was bloody awful. I have no idea what Sarah was thinking,” he continued, shaking his head, as he dished himself up a full plate of Chinese food.
“That you love him,” she said simply, her big blue eyes looked up at him. “Jimmy Hester from school has two dads and they love each other and that’s ok. Two men or two women can fall in love and it’s ok and if anybody doesn’t think it’s ok, they’re a right arse,” Rosie said firmly.
“Candy shop?” John suggested, gesturing toward a pink and white striped awning just up the street.
“Alright, yes. Just say it already John.”
“Oh my God, the cake!” John cried.
“What on Earth are you talking-”
“Well not exactly but… I was getting a little tired of waiting for you to say something,” Sherlock smirked. “After I came out to you, I thought it would be a given that you would return the gesture but-”
“So what is it you wanted to discuss?” John asked.
Right now he needed to be there holding Sherlock, as his best friend.
(See the end of the chapter for
“For what?” Sherlock asked.
“Let me say this John, if I did not think you were worthy or up to the task, I would not be letting this continue. As it is I simply want to make you aware of the seriousness of this little venture,” Mycroft looked at John very intensely, as if to say ‘do we have an understanding?’.
“Right, I understand,” John told him.
Then suddenly a black car with tinted windows pulled up beside him. The back seat window rolled down and Mycroft Holmes smiled up at him icily.
John looked up. “We’re at the London Eye.”
“Thanks,” John said shakily. He turned and walked out of the alley toward the main road to hail a cab.
“No, you suggested it actually, but I didn’t think the timing was quite right,” Sherlock replied. “And you’d thrown up not long before you proposed the idea so you weren’t exactly at your sexiest,” he added jokingly.
“Damn, I wish I could argue with that,” John sighed with defeat. “But I am still mad you ruined my princess party because it was going to be excellent,” he added but without any real anger.
“Nothing, well, nothing that bad,” John amended. “I just had my second attempt at a date with that friend of Sarah’s. We met for dinner and it didn’t go so well.”
“Did you do something with your hair?” Sherlock asked, nonchalantly changing the subject in an attempt to cheer his friend up.
“I don’t think most people would characterize it in such a kind light, but thank you, John; I’m glad you find it at least somewhat charming,” Sherlock said sincerely, and there was that wonderful smile again. John felt himself practically glowing with happiness over the fact that he had made Sherlock smile like that. He felt a strange urge too, to reach out and take his friend’s hand. He had this sudden need to have that physical contact with Sherlock to make him seriously understand how  he impressed and captivated John, and really always had. He thought better of it though, and held back. He was nervous about what to say next, not wanting to ruin the moment, but Sherlock saved him from having to find a reply.
“Right,” John replied, God this day had worn him out. “Thanks again,” he mumbled with a final nod to Sherlock as he left the flat.
“Well say it before we get any more drenched.”
“Yes, yes, I asked him to pick her up, it’s fine,” John replied.
“It’s sweet how naive you are, John, but with my little brother, as you of all people should know, nothing's that simple. Yes, I’m sure most relationships can be ‘figured out with time’ as you say, but Sherlock is a somewhat volatile individual and he’s quite emotionally needy. He’s grown very attached to you over the years and now that you have returned that sentiment and taken this next step, I just want you to consider carefully what this relationship will require, because if you go don this road you can’t go back or you would break my brother’s heart. You would break his heart and you would break him entirely and I will not allow that.”
“Of course,” Sherlock assured her, overdoing it slightly in his attempted pleasantness. He dialed John’s number on his mobile and put the call on speaker. After two rings, John picked up.
Just then John’s phone buzzed on the nightstand. Who would be sending him a text at this hour? He grabbed his phone and flicked it on to read the message:
“Alright, I may have know you were meeting someone here tonight, yes,” Sherlock admitted, sounding disappointed that this was the way the conversation was turning.
“No but it is,” John insisted. “He did this because we had a row and I said some things that were bang out of order.” He paused. “And it was all because I didn’t want to tell everyone we’ve been dating, and I don’t even know way I was so worried over it anymore”
John immediately regretted everything he’d said, as all the shock and fear that came with the news began to fill his body and make him feel slightly light headed. “Is he going to be alright?” John managed to ask.
"Rosie what're you doing up? You should go back to sleep."
John cut in. “No, no, it’s no bother. I’m glad you’re being cautious, of course,” he said tiredly.
Sherlock looked hurt by this. “Well yes, she gets it from Mary, but I meant you too, John,” Sherlock said sounding offended and surprised by John’s interpretation of his remark. “You’re one of the most intelligent people I’ve ever met,” he added very sincerely.
“It’s ok,” John said, rubbing his hand slowly across his friend’s back. “Or it’s not ok but-”
“Well Sherlock’s pretty brilliant too,” Rosie replied.
John looked at his friend and he knew Sherlock understood. “That’s why we’re here isn’t it?” he said quietly, “You knew seeing that woman reminded me… of Mary.”
“I love you so much,” John whispered. “I don’t know what I would do without you.”
“John, I’d like a word if you wouldn’t mind getting in the car,” he said.
“Sherlock? What’s wrong? Are you on your way to get Rosie?” John asked, sounding alarmed. He was worried both by the fact that Sherlock was calling and by the fact that as he’d looked away from the road to answer his phone, the car in front of him had stopped suddenly and he’d almost crashed into it.
As a note this chapter is about sex but nothing is described in detail 'cause that is just not my thing, there's lots of other fics for that though lol
“Such as?”
“No,” John said, shaking his head. “That doesn’t make sense. We’ve dealt with some awful people in our cases: murderers, kidnappers, abusive spouses. I’ve never seen you lose it like that before so what is it about this one that’s set you off?” Sherlock wasn’t looking at him anymore; instead he seemed to be suddenly fascinated with his own shoes. The detective’s expression was worried, perhaps even nervous. They were silent for a moment but John felt they were on the brink of something big and he didn’t want to let Sherlock off the hook. “I’m your best friend,” he pleaded, but he said it kindly. “You can tell me.” There was another long silence and John was about to give up, then finally Sherlock spoke.
“Right,” John sighed. His nerves had been on edge at the start of the drive, he’d speeded the whole way to the hospital, coming straight from the cottage and now was feeling even more worse for wear.
With that, Sherlock leaned in and pressed his lips lightly against John’s. The kiss was brief, but again John felt as though everything, even time, stopped. This time it wasn’t a feeling of freezing though. This was like melting. It was warm and comforting and there was a sense of releasing something he’d been holding in. There was a burning, an excitement and fire to the feeling too. Then just like that it was over.
“Oh, we don’t need to join the queue,” Sherlock said with a smile. “We have a sort of, special reservation.” And with that he took John’s hand and lead him past the queue (and the people in it who stared at them with irritation). The man in charge of helping guests board the Ferris wheel smiled and nodded to them as they approached.
“It’s Valentine’s silly, did you forget?” Molly giggled. “They’re a gift,” she added. “From my very thoughtful boyfriend.”
“My boyfriend,” Molly replied. “It’s Mike Stamford. We’ve only been going out for a month or so now, actually, but he’s just lovely. So sweet, nothing like the other men I’ve dated.”
Sherlock smiled proudly. “The thing about being a good detective John, is that you end up with a lot of people who owe you favors.”
Before they went back to the cottage, Sherlock stopped by a local market and picked up groceries to make dinner. John tried to convince him that cooking was not a part of vacation and they should be eating out but Sherlock insisted he didn’t cook often and this was something he wanted to do. John wondered if this was some attempt to make up for the fight earlier, in which case he felt he should be the one cooking the apology meal. In truth, Sherlock just wanted to put that behind them and return to the loving family mood that had surrounded them that morning at the beach.
“Did she? Oh, that’s interesting, because this morning she asked me whether the princess that’s coming to her party, because I was going to get an actress from one of those party companies, you know.”
As he lay in bed that night, staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep, John thought about what he had learned that day. Sherlock was gay. John knew what this meant. It meant that he could admit to himself what he had been feeling toward Sherlock over the past few weeks. What had been growing inside him was an attraction, a love for his best friend that was more than platonic, and now that he knew this could potentially be reciprocated he could truly face this fact. Before he could have told himself that he should keep his feelings to himself because they would never lead to anything; Sherlock was attracted to women, Irene proved this. Now he knew that statement wasn’t true, or at least it wasn’t the whole truth.
“You were going to spy on us?” John asked skeptically.
“It’s alright,” Molly assured him. “Everyone has rows sometimes. He’ll forgive you. He loves you, John, really.”
“Right, feeling a bit better now?” Sherlock asked John, as he came back into the living room. On a positive note, having a night at the pub end with his friend throwing up in his bathroom did take him back to his younger days… Ah to be young again…
“What?” Mrs Stevens sounded even more frightened by this sudden declaration.
“So he threatened you?”
“Very clever,” Sherlock replied. “But I’m not a medical professional. We need to get you to a real doctor to look at this. I’m calling you an ambulance.”
“It looks good,” Sherlock said casually. “You should do it more often.”
“Daddy!” Rosie’s excited voice yelped from upstairs. Then John heard her quicker, smaller footsteps on the stairs followed by Sherlock’s heavier, slower ones.
John’s head hurt worse as he tried to remember what had happened the night before. He remembered thinking that this could be the night that he and Sherlock went all the way. He remembered hoping a few drinks would give him the courage to lead things in that direction… But beyond that it was a blank. Had he and Sherlock had sex last night for the first time and now John would have no memory of it?
“Oh no, he approved it. I think my dear brother is trying to get in my good graces so he can continue giving me advice on areas where he has no expertise.”
John laughed. “True, but I think there will be some similar parties coming up, some of those parents looked like they were taking mental notes.”
