After that they got into the car and headed towards their dinner location. Cas expected them to be able to get there in about forty minutes. He looked out of the windshield for a while, making sure Dean was taking the right way, until his phone rang.
“You’re welcome,” he replies, a deep-throated sound, and, after a prolonged stare, Dean hurriedly averts his eyes and looks into the direction of Sam and Jack instead.
“I know and I’m not rushing you or anything. These things take time. You tell them when you’re ready.”
for some ice cream and Dean insists Cas get one too, even if only for pretense, mocha-flavored, though Cas supposes Dean just doesn’t want him to feel left out. Cas gives in for the sake of normalcy. It’s similar to his recently acquired habit of rubbing sunscreen onto Dean’s back. If Dean actually gets sunburnt, Cas could heal him with a simple touch but ordinary people don’t have an angel with them when they go on a beach vacation and, for once, Cas feels like he’s here with them not only because he can be of use preventing skin cancer but because the Winchesters, Dean especially, want him here. And Cas
“Nothing, I swear.” Cas looks at him with intent. “Cas, I didn’t mention your crush or anything if that’s what you’re afraid of.”
When he’s done, Jody shows up by his side. “Hey,” she says, “mind if I take the lounger next to you?”
This trip isn’t half bad…so far. It was funny watching Cas try to get onto his horse yesterday and how scared he was in the beginning. And because Dean isn’t a complete jerk he was helpful and patient with him. Riding a horse can be quite dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing and he doesn’t want Cas to get hurt…. ‘Cause he really can’t use that. Then he’d have to go on this tour alone with Athena and Jody and this won’t be as entertaining as when Cas is with them. He might be an asshole but Dean enjoys having him around. Not because he likes him or anything. But due to the lack of better company.
Claire sputters something resembling a laugh. “Just tell me you don’t wanna have me here,” she says and picks up her bag. “I’ll go.”
“Everything will be fine,” he says. His hand is itching to rub Dean’s back but he refrains from doing so. This might look a little suspicious and they’ve got other things on the agenda than announcing Dean’s new-found bisexuality, though Claire and Emma are too busy showing each other stuff on their phones to realize what’ going on anyway.
“Five?” Sam asks over his shoulder to confirm back with Dean, then he tells the clerk “five,” and hands her one of his fake IDs and a credit card.
It was slow the second time, actual love making. Dean’s asshole was pretty sore but Cas was perfectly gentle, so Dean didn’t mind the small ache, and they kept up the kissing the entire time until both orgasmed again, remaining completely spent and pleasantly limp.
“‘It’s not your turn,’” Dean mimics but refrains from another attempt. Only after Anna has presented the women’s steps, he follows.
“I called for my dad’s birthday a few weeks ago. But I’ve just talked to Meg this week. Everybody’s alright, she said. She offered Michael the phone but he didn’t want to talk to me,” Cas said.
“Fuck, Cas, fuck,” Dean yelled, accentuating every time Cas forced himself into him again. “Touch me…shit…fuck…touch me!” he begged until Cas closed a fist around his throbbing dick and it didn’t take Dean long to pulsate hot white streaks of come onto the sheets.
“Yes, he used to be my best friend back then, but this friendship ended soon after I had started my studies at the seminary. At the wedding I realized how much I’d missed him. He was the best friend I ever had and it really hurts to know that things won’t ever be like they were between us.”
“Here,” he said and handed Dean a set of his own clothes. The boxer briefs he managed himself but Cas had to help him into his shirt. He felt so annoyingly weak.
Maybe they were getting along yesterday because they didn’t do much talking. It was strange how quiet everyone was on their ride but it was nice for a change. Dean has a lot going on most of the time, in particular during the past weeks. When he isn’t at work, he’s hanging out with friends or his brother and his dogs. He doesn’t get much downtime. First it looked like this trip wouldn’t let him unwind either but now that they’re here it’s actually started to feel like vacation.
Cas opens up to him even more, wrapping him inside his love, his warmth and Dean just let's go. He thinks of nothing, only feels.
“You did well today,” Dean reminds him in case he’s having self-doubts again. He reaches out to touch Cas’s shoulder as he’s used to do by now but Cas stops the forward movement by taking his hand instead.
Dean is way too pumped to do this properly and Novak is standing way too close, both of which distract him enough to miss the quarter as it falls. And it keeps falling after Dean only managed to grab air.
Cas has also risen to his feet, waiting patiently for Sam to let go again. When he does, Sam steps aside to make room for him and Cas comes to stand right in front of him.
“What the fuck?” Mandy said. She was looking down at his crotch where she had unzipped his pants. His underwear was showing, gladly not the one that tended to embarrass him. “You’re not even hard.”
He scrubs the salt from his skin and rinses his hair, starting to feel like an actual human being again. So much has happened today already and this day isn’t over yet. There’s a stranger sitting in his living room whom Dean wanted to have rescued so badly and now it was him who got rescued instead. He walks out into the bedroom with a towel wrapped around his hips, only to find his life saver standing in the doorway.
“I’ll leave you two alone now,” Buddy Boyle announced. “Tessa will make you familiar with everything. My office is on the third floor if you need anything. Cas, we’ll talk soon on how to continue your contribution to our center. In the meantime you’re in good hands with Tessa here, I’m sure. Goodbye, Cas, Tessa,” he said, nodding politely at each of them, and left.
“Is it?” She spins around, hands still in her pockets. “Hey,” she says then, looking over her shoulder. “How about you get that thing rolling and I’ll tell you a scary story?”
Maybe Gabe was messing with his stuff when they lived together, yet this doesn’t explain why it skipped half of the previous track and started in the middle of another song.
Charlie had told him, while browsing magazines for inspirational purposes, that she had always wanted a fall wedding and her fiancée was also very enthusiastic about the suggestion.
Also, he still has a bone to pick with Jody for getting him into this in the first place so he stops by her cabin and knocks on the door. It takes a while for her to open, Dean hearing shuffling and cursing from inside, and when he sees her he suddenly feels bad for having disturbed her.
Later, they continue to make out. They move from the living room to the bedroom, undressing very, very slowly, like they’ve got all the time in the world.
Later, he drives into town. Missouri has already moved her displays around, as she said she would, leaving enough wall space for Dean’s art. He considers where to put what for a while, sketches it out, asks Missouri for her opinion. He’s pleased with how it turns out in the end. Maybe there’ll fit in one or two of his wood sculptures as well without overloading the place. He’ll sleep over it before he decides which of those to clean up and transport here.
A few minutes go by and Cas considers leaving but then someone comes from further inside the building.
“Morning,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s hair as he closes his arms around him from behind. “Why did you leave?”
“That’s good to hear. I was, too. Montevideo is beautiful. I regret not having planned more time here.”
The priest watched him worriedly as his eyes flew over the lines. “And, what is it?” he asked impatiently when Cas had put the paper down.
John had stepped up to Dean and leaned closer to his ear as he spoke. “That’s a great girl you have there. She’s pretty, smart and she’s good with kids. Huh?” he said and suggestively poked his son with his elbow a couple of times.
It was coming. She wanted to sleep with him. Sexual love. “I’m feeling the same way, Meg,” Cas assured her.
It still took him a few days to bring up to the courage for toe-dipping. He hadn’t laid out a plan on how to approach this and decided to improvise.
When he leaves the Banes sibling’s house, he realizes they haven’t even talked about any form of charge. Cas doesn’t know what they do for a living and if it’s the witchy thing he can’t imagine they’re doing this for free.
“Is it because you have feelings for Cas?” Dean cringed. “I never really understood how you could just move on to Aaron. I know the way you were pining for Cas wasn’t healthy and you had to get over him eventually but I didn’t get how that happened so quickly.”
They finish their dinner in silence. Later, when Claire is upstairs doing her homework and Cas helps Amelia with the dishes, she says, “You knew, didn’t you?”
However, neither had he shared his actual relationship with Dean with Father Jim, nor Meg and those were the people Cas thought he could most likely confide in. Both knew he lived with his best friend from college but Cas was terrified to tell them they were in love and intimate with each other.
“So,” she says and rounds her desk. Dean gently closes the door behind him as not to startle him. “Look, you’re not in trouble. On the contrary—you just saved this man’s life.” Dean comes to stand next to him. “We just want to help you but you gotta give us something. Let’s start with a name.”
The people, however, who were on Cas’s side and willing to listen and even wanted to learn more, asked him to introduce them to his friends who had initiated this slight inconvenience within their group. So it came that Cas arranged a meeting with Dean and Charlie. The latter, unsurprisingly, had much more to say on that topic as she was really wrapped up in it most of the time. Dean apparently didn’t feel too comfortable, probably suspecting some of the present crowd was judging him for who he was, although that thought was irrational, considering they were there because of their unprejudicedness.
“Like what? You want me to talk about my job? I don’t think that’d be interesting for you to hear. I’m an engineer. I plan stuff and it gets built.”
“Did she say anything else?” Dean asks. He can’t shake the feeling that there’s a hint of doubt in her. They couldn’t find any trace of the guy ever being there after all.
“Cas, what’s going on? Since when are you here and why is the waitress so pissed at you?” Dean inquired, his voice low in earnest.
This semester was the worst so far. His workload was only slightly reducing despite his effort to finish everything early. Procrastination was deadly at this point. It was still two weeks until finals and he desperately needed another break. If he finished this tonight, he could take Sunday off, so he had to keep going.
“Just wait,” Dean whispers and Cas sighs, leaning against the wall. They wait for another two or three minutes until Dean gives in as well.
“I don’t know,” Sam says, “they look very elite to me. Maybe they’re researchers from Oxford or Cambridge.”
Of course, his probation hadn’t come along without some sort of punishment. Cas was prohibited from assisting Father Jim during Mass and counseling. Bishop Crowley certainly didn’t want the black sheep’s rebellious attitude to rub off on and taint the pure white wool of any members of his flock.
He knows there’s no point in pondering what could have been. Such thoughts only expose him to things like djinns, put him on top of their menu. It is what it is and Sam already learned that you can’t possibly change the past. Not without ruining the present for someone else.
Cas mirrors Benjamin’s smile. “Actually, I already knew that person and I might have been interested, but I wasn’t very confident anything was likely to happen between us.” He shakes his head. “I’m sorry. I feel like an ass to be talking to you about ‘the other person,’” he says, making air quotes.
“She said if I was sure about what I wanted, if I was truly certain that this is where I belonged, then it was up to me to decide. And I was certain, Dean, I am certain. About living a human life. About living it with you. I want
“Uh, no, thanks. This is the last box,” Cas says and hisses in pain as he tries to pick up his broken possessions.
“Okay,” Dean says then, “your turn.” Dean gestures him where he’s supposed to go. “Body wash, shampoo, is all in there, you can use it. There’s also a towel for you.”
Dean gave him a brief nod and leaned forward to put a wet kiss in the gap between his pecs. Gunnar moaned in response and Dean was getting seriously hard in his much too tight jeans. Dean gripped tightly at his beefy arms and felt the flexing of muscles under his fingertips.
The brothers had gone separate ways a few days earlier—Dean working a minor salt and burn in Wisconsin and Sam giving Jody a hand with a vampire nest. Cas had already left the bunker two weeks prior to do his own thing, as usual, negotiating with other angels and probably getting himself into trouble sooner or later.
“I’ll have you screaming in less than ten minutes. Now lose the clothes, Dean,” Aaron said and Dean sighed as he started to take off his shirt. Further discussion was pointless.
Also, Cas has accepted Dean’s choice of music. He actually kind of likes it sometimes. They are good songs and Dean sometimes murmurs absently, quietly singing along with the lyrics. He probably sings aloud when Cas is not there but he wouldn’t mind. Cas isn’t much of a singer himself. Yet, he would love to hear Dean sing. They could do their worst together. But Cas doesn’t even know the lyrics. And Dean wouldn’t enjoy this anyway. He’s very protective of his music and so is Cas. One thing they have in common.
He and Cas agreed that they would stick to their usual story. The one that they told Cas’s friends and, most importantly, the DSS. Dean feels awful for lying to his brother but he doesn’t have another choice. Maybe, one day, when all this is long over and Cas is an upright, legal citizen, independent from anyone else, he’ll tell Sammy the truth. Maybe they’ll laugh about it then, about how naïve Dean was in his youth.
“I know you and Jimmy never had a problem with whom I loved but you’re also very religious. Maybe your opinion would differ when it concerned your own daughter.”
“Like I said, I’m not so sure. I wanted to go to Kansas City but I don’t have enough money and—what are you doing?”
“I told you,” Cas says, “it’s because I trust you. You were kind to me, you came to rescue me when you thought I might be hurt. You fascinate me.”
“Balthazar seems to be waiting,” Cas says then and when Dean turns to look he sees him waving enthusiastically, urging them to finally come over.
“Hey boys, did you have fun with the girls?” Dean’s mother asked when they entered the house after storing the camping gear back into the garage.
His Adam’s apple bobs as he swallows. He seems nervous. “Maybe he’s got a secret that could jeopardize his life if anyone was to find out.”
“Who cares, Cas,” Dean said eventually. “We’re good now, right? You won’t leave me, I mean, no divorce plans?”
“I’ve paid for your college tuition. Your scholarship didn’t cover enough for mom to do it all on her own. And I paid for vet school as well.”
“I didn’t mean now, but in a few years maybe. But we probably shouldn’t wait too long. I’m over thirty, my biological clock is already ticking,” he said.
They were still gonna have two more weeks together but Dean hugged Aaron really, really hard and long before they separated that night. Aaron didn’t protest. He hugged back and if he noticed that Dean might have shed a tear or two, he didn’t mention it.
“Well, because I consider you my friend, Dean—you as well, Cas—and as your new boss I’d really like to see you to be on good terms with each other.”
“Can you imagine us here in thirty years, Sammy? Just like them,” Dean says. It’s one of the few occasions where Dean appears to believe in a future that is not an early death and Cas wishes this is exactly what’ll happen—Sam and Dean, old and wrinkly, gray hair or bald, living in a town by the sea, the mild ocean breeze easing the aches that come with age. Cas is uncertain if and how he fits into this scenario.
Yet, of course he does, when he clutches Dean by his hips and their crotches come into contact as he drags him close and Dean whines in agony when he understands that his condition has been detected.
Dean is in the bathroom while Cas changes into his sleeping attire in the living room. When he gets there to brush his teeth he notices that Dean is already in his pajamas as well. It’s the first time he sees him with only a T-shirt on.
“It’s alright, Dean. You can come closer.” Cas’s voice is deep, even more intense tonight than the last time Dean heard him speak, anxious and earnest, asking him to come here, alone.
Dean felt like his skin was on fire as he was holding onto Cas for dear life and he was convinced that his dick was still hard despite having come already but then he felt his arousal peak again and he came a second time, dry because there was nothing left inside him, and Cas, too, tensed in his arms and spilled wet heat into him.
Cas steps out into the hallway. It’s pleasantly quiet, save for the muffled voices from inside. The sudden brightness of the fluorescent light hurt his eyes a little but he feels more awake now. The dim party lighting, stuffy atmosphere and alcohol might have eventually lulled him to sleep if he hadn’t been so tense all evening. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone. An e-mail notification pops up when he unlocks the screen. He finds himself smiling for the first time tonight as he reads.
Athena and Jody are taking the lead whereas Dean sticks to Cas and he’s incredibly thankful for that.
And how amazing this feels! Dean is so hot inside, taking him all in. He’s so beautiful, letting out a long exhale through his nose, grasping at Cas’s back, fingernails digging into his skin without being unpleasant.
“I’m ordering Chinese,” Cas says when he comes back, dressed in sweatpants and a lose-fit shirt, hair still wet.
“Or you could just go in the hours beforehand. We won’t leave immediately after our arrival in Montevideo,” Cas says and both women look at him like he’s a ghost or something. Apparently, they’d forgotten he was even there.
“You just had your dick sucked by a dude,” Cas says after spitting, “you might want to work on that line.” He dries his hands and face with a paper towel and then he leaves. Dean waits a minute to follow. He doesn’t want anyone getting ideas if they exit the bathroom too closely after one another.
For the grand finale, however, Cas is back and starts with a solo. Dean is filled with awe at the sight of him. Cas is putting so much passion into his performance and for a second Dean forgets he’s not the only one here, that Cas is not playing for Dean alone, although it’s something he wishes for more than ever.
“Let’s go back; it’s getting cold in here,” he says then and Cas follows him as he stalks up to the beach.
“You know, most of these so-called miracles,” Cas says, using his trademark air quotes, “it was actually him. As you know, he loves messing with people, and devout Christians seemed to be particularly easy to fool.”
“Shh, you’re supposed to listen. I was born in Lawrence, Kansas, but I grew up in Lebanon, also Kansas. I have a younger brother named Sam who recently moved to California with a full scholarship to Stanford University, so you can imagine how proud I am. I love classic rock and classic cars and pie.”
The day had already started out slow, but now, with the prospect of seeing Cas after work, time basically creeped forward. He just couldn’t wrap his head around why on earth Cas had called him.
Sam arrives around two in the afternoon. He brought Annabel again and, much to Dean’s delight, Eileen.
“Sure, sorry,” he says to Dean’s bewilderment and takes off the blue shirt and fuck him, his basic white cotton T-shirt does nothing to hide what a hunk Castiel actually is. The thin material reveals almost everything that is supposed to stay hidden. Fine lines defining his pecs, his nipples curious dots poking into the cotton that’s giving just the barest idea of his abs.
“You’re right, Dean. I know.” Then she clutched Cas’s arm. “Just don’t take John seriously, okay?” Cas nodded shyly. “Good night, you two.”
They continue to make out for a while, hands properly kept above waistline, until Cas pulls back a little.
Cas felt exhausted but he still had to stay and help clearing up before retreating to his room. Hopefully he was allowed to hold Jack again tomorrow. After he had finally turned in, he continued to think about this. About his decision against ever having kids, a family, a spouse, and whether it might have been a mistake.
Then Cas realizes what he just said. He said out loud what he didn’t even dare to think until tonight. The house is haunted. He moved into a haunted house. Cas isn’t even sure he believed in ghosts before.
“My brother,” Dean says. “He needs to know. What if some government officials get to him before I do? Even though I’ll be lying to him, he at least deserves to hear it from me first. I better do it now.” He takes a look at the clock on his phone. Sam should be up by now, unless college has taken away his early bird attitude.
Charlie was about to say something but Cas cut her off. “Really? That’s the first thing that comes to your mind?”
He feels Dean’s hand reach between them and is glad Dean is starting to jerk off so Cas feels fine to let go now and drive into him, as hard as he dares without risking to hurt Dean.
“Yeah, but,” he stopped to look if anyone else was around to hear him. “Won’t that be weird? What if I wake up before everyone else? What do I do then?”
Meg gasps and Dean laughs. “Well, the color is one of the last things you need to choose but it’s good to know what we are going to match the leather with.”
Cas only frowned at him and Dean sighed. “Whatever you’ll make for dinner will be fine,” he said eventually.
As the boy turns and disappears back to where he came from, the creature dares to resurface its head once again, hidden behind a rock now. What he did before was unwise and careless. He let himself be witnessed by a human, though it was an innocent child; a child that seemed upset for some reason, even if the creature can’t fathom how one can possibly be upset in a night like this, lights shimmering on the firmament.
This is it. His vacation is officially over. Now it’s just suffering through to finally get home. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do once they’re back in Kansas. With that bitch Novak alone he could probably cope but with Jody as their new sheriff he feels outnumbered. And why the fuck are these thoughts making him feel guilty? He doesn’t want to hate Jody. It’s not really her fault. She was assigned before she even knew him and she actually seems like someone who can handle the job.
“And I still love you, Cas.” She paused and Cas took her hands in his. They were so small and soft, just as he had remembered. “My love for you hasn’t lessened…though it has changed.”
“What could be done—are you kidding me? He better tore it down to the framework and start from there.”
“We were lucky this time,” Cas told him. “We’ve been lucky many times but we shouldn’t tempt fate. I still only want us to go on hunts every once in a while.”
“Don’t tell Sam about this,” Dean said. Cas wasn’t sure what exactly he was referring to. Taking a couple’s bath, taking a bath in general, using Sam’s bubble bath, who knows. Despite knowing him inside out, Castiel thinks this man will always be some kind of mystery to him. “Earth to Castiel, hello,” Dean said, “come on, get naked!” Cas realized Dean had already stripped down to his underwear.
Dean is feeling uneasy as he enters the hall, like people are watching him although they obviously aren’t. He knows the captain or anyone else who has been present on the bridge won’t have spread the word about yesterday’s incident. He’s just being paranoid.
“Cas,” Dean says, almost in a whisper, and the way he looks at him has caused Cas to forget how to articulate himself.
So Dean rushed to get to MCI. Charlie had texted him Cas’s flight information and as it turned out he was to be expected any minute when Dean finally arrived at the airport. It probably was for the best that Dean had so little time to think about what Cas coming here meant to him. Dean had always been aware that Charlie and Cas had stayed in touch all this time but he’d had no idea that Cas had even been invited to the wedding.
He went upstairs to take a shower and brush his teeth, then he checked again if he had everything ready he needed for the wedding: smoking, shirt, tie, dress shoes—polished shiny as they should be—, speech and items he needed for an overnight stay. The wedding location was only thirty-five minutes from his house but Charlie had insisted he’d stay at the hotel. It was also easier to spend one night there than having to get back home in the middle of the night with the high probability of being intoxicated and not fit to drive.
The conversation becomes easier with every beer and when the jug is empty, Dean suggests something with more spirit. He ushers Max to let him get up and order a tray of whiskey shots at the bar, though technically he’s deemed himself too old for this years ago but it’s a special occasion after all.
“You knew what to do when you lost your virginity to Lisa, right? And you didn’t need someone to show you.”
“Do you need help with anything?” Dean asks. Cain, who’s sucking at his thumbnail, only notices him now.
Charlie dropped her head onto his shoulder. Finals were approaching and there had been a significant shift to the overall mood of his fellow students. No-one was relaxed enough to just sit down and drink their coffee in peace. Everybody was restless, no time to linger anywhere but with their noses buried in their books and notes.
“Please. You just put your fingers on the planchette and ask your questions. Then it will move to letters and spell a word or you could just ask yes or no questions. Easy-peasy.”
“Thanks,” they both say as Dean hands them their bottles. Before sitting again, he passes Cas his beer to hold for a sec and retrieves another blanket from the closet.
It was Sam who announced that he was having great news—he was getting married! He had proposed to his girlfriend the night before and, apparently, she had said yes and now he was apologizing that he hadn’t informed Dean right away but he hadn’t wanted to call his brother so late at night, considering the time difference between them and Dean needed to remind him to breathe.
“I mean that you and Cas can act like actual married people around me, not like acquaintances. Or does Cas think I have something against gay people?”
“I’ve got enough clients and networking means actively going out and finding people to talk to. Everybody hates that.”
He slips out of his shirt and hangs it over a chair, as well as the jacket. He goes to the bathroom and washes his hands and face, and after taking brief sniff, freshens up under his arms as well.
When they got home, Dean combined the carrying of their purchase into the house with quickly showing Cas around the first floor. “Living room, kitchen, pantry and laundry room are back there, guest bathroom.”
Cas isn’t sure if it’s a good idea to buy it now. He would have to carry it around all the time but he doesn’t know if he’ll get the chance again for shopping in Montevideo after his trip.
“Don’t look at me like that. I know that look. I’m not a religious fanatic, Dean, and I’m not a missionary either. I’m actually very open-minded. My parents wanted me to go to a Catholic school but I could convince them otherwise.”
Cas showed his brother a questioning face when Meg had left. “Everything’s gonna be fine,” Michael reassured him and Cas believed him.
“You know what—” It’s better to pull the emergency brake now than to ruin his friendship with Dean. “We can just forget it happened. Never speak of it agai—”
“What is this?” Dean asked in honest astonishment, looking down at the plate full of pancakes with a single lit tea light on top.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, resting his arms on his thighs, “especially if you’re not used to social interaction. How often do you talk to…anyone during you eighty-four years of solely having a tail?”
“Many things…though, I have forgotten most of it, I guess,” Dean admits. “You don’t actually need all that stuff they teach in there.”
“Yes,” Dean replied absently and got out of the car. They made a quick job of carrying Castiel’s belongings up to the front porch until there was only Dean’s stuff left in the trunk.
“I don’t know, Dean. My family has never talked about anything like this. A man and a woman being together was always the norm. What other constellations there might be was never mentioned. I only know what other members of the community think and it’s mostly not positive, believe me.”
After checking in again, before they enter the elevator, Jody pulls him aside and says, “Come to my cabin in fifteen minutes. There’s something I have to tell you.”
Cas groaned and pressed his small pillow to his ears but that didn’t appear to seal off the sounds. “Make it stop! God, that’s so embarrassing,” he whined, shutting his eyes and squirming atop his sleeping bag.
“I get that you’ve got no issues with nudity but I prefer to put on pants without an audience,” Dean says.
“Can we kiss again?” Dean asked under his breath and Cas skipped his reply in favor of surging forward right away to seal their lips together.
Cas leaned in and kissed him. “Yes,” he murmured against Dean’s lips before closing the small distance again.
Dean moved a hand around his shoulders. “Cas,” he said. “If you don’t like something, you’re allowed to say so. No-one should make you do anything, okay?” Cas nodded, but barely noticeable. “I mean it, Cas. If you don’t want to finger her then you don’t do it. Period.”
“Look who I found,” Charlie said when she entered Dean and Benny’s room. Tailing her was a dark-haired boy, about as tall as Dean, hiding somewhat fearfully behind her back. “Say hello to my bestie Dean…what was your name again?”
“That’s really kind of you, Cas. Thank you.” Dean’s smile didn’t really reach his eyes. Cas felt awful because of that. Every word had been the truth. He only wished for Dean to be happy.
He doesn’t dare to think of what just happened until the evening but when he can’t push the thought away any longer, he picks up the iPod again and scrolls through the library. There’s nothing. No Jefferson Airplane to be found.
“Like I said, it doesn’t matter. You’re becoming a priest and will live with other priests, I guess. How does this even work?”
Dean had slept in his bed after Cas had learned about Meg and Michael’s engagement because he really hadn’t been in a good place back then. Certainly not because he’d had any physical approach in his mind. Dean wouldn’t do that to him.
“God, it’s too warm in this sleeping bag,” Dean says and unzips it so he can uncover his upper body. Cas groans in response.
John was never able to remember their conversations when he got better again. At some point, though, he stopped getting better. Dean begged his father to let him take him to a hospital or to quit drinking, at least, but the bottle was everything he had left.
“I miss you, too, Dean. We can start making plans tomorrow, okay? It’s late. I think we should go to sleep now.”
“I mean it, Dean. Thank you so much for your support, for everything.” Cas is looking him deep in the eye and Dean is at loss for a reply. He wishes he could just kiss Cas, right here, that’d be more than words could ever say.
“Captain Hanscum might have radar but I have something much better. It’s called gaydar and it has detected high levels of mutual attraction.”
“You feel so good, babe,” Dean panted against his lips. “You’re so hot inside, I love that, makes me feel so so good. Need to touch you.” He wrapped his fingers around Cas’s dick and pumped a few times and somehow this made Cas move differently and if he’d thought before this was great, then he’d had no idea how this could actually be. He was so overwhelmed by the feeling of Dean hitting a spot inside that he almost fell over, but Dean clasped Cas at his waist and held him upright.
Eventually, Dorothy told Cas about a center a woman she had meet at one of her readings at the library had been talking about and that she liked to help out there from time to time. The location was at the other end of town and Dean drove him there in his Impala to check it out. Cas felt a bit dumb for having his friend accompany him, yet he was glad he didn’t have to go there on his own the first time.
A muffled “I’m not hungry” resonates through the staircase and Cas shrugs his shoulders. “We’ll save something for her. She’ll come down eventually,” he notes and opens the boxes.
Wow, she really was wasting no time! Cas became anxious. What if she wanted to do it today? Maybe she had bought condoms herself…
“My dying put a huge burden on you and Sam’s shoulders,” he says. “I was supposed to take care of Jack, to foster and educate him.”
“One hundred and fifty,” he says and retrieves three more ten dollar bills. Dean shakes his head. “Two hundred.” Dean keeps denying, though he could really use the money. “Five hundred,” Ketch says eventually, “my last offer.”
They’d gained a little practice since they’d done it for the first time and Dean had never desired Cas more than after the thing with his father today.
Charlie and Dorothy’s room happened to be in the building next to theirs. Benny and Ash also were going to live close. Dean was really looking forward to the year that lay ahead.
“For God.” He leaves the bench to stand before them. “All this time, before the Apocalypse, before the cage, I’ve been waiting for him to come to me, to answer my prayers.”
“Cool,” she said but seemed to be thinking something else. “So, what about pizza now?” she then asked.
He could kill for a coffee right now. The phone beeps with notifications for missed calls and text messages. Dean scrolls through them without properly reading any. They’re mostly Sam’s input on their current case and updates on when he’s going to be here.
“And what rational explanation, if you don’t mind me asking, do you have for the thing touching my knee before?”
“Well, shit. But, if I can ask you one thing, where are you getting deported to? Canada? You don’t sound Canadian.”
“Oh, that,” he says. He meant to take it off before coming here to avoid questions but he wouldn’t have been able to hide Dean anyway. Not if he wants his plan to work out. “It’s a wedding ring.”
This had apparently gotten the message across as Cas didn’t further try to start a conversation. Dean sent out a quick text to Charlie that he had returned with the surprise guest and she told him to bring Cas to her.
“I bet that actually you’re suppressing a part of yourself so hard that you’ve completely lost it. Good night, Dean,” he says and leaves. Dean doesn’t follow.
Cas couldn’t really remember going to bed when he woke up in the morning but he wasn’t alone when he opened his swollen and encrusted eyes. Dean hadn’t ended up sleeping in the guest room after all—he had stayed during the night to look after him and Cas was incredibly thankful for that.
He inspected the piece of lingerie and noticed it had to be his size. Did he unintentionally steal the panties from Mrs. Graham? Or, could it be… Had maybe Cas gotten them for him? But how, when? They had been together all the time and Cas wasn’t the type for stealing. He could have left a wad of cash somewhere for Mrs. Graham to find, sure, but Cas certainly wasn’t the kinda guy who was embarrassed to get women’s underwear that easily fit a guy and when they were together, people probably assumed it was for one of them and not his not quite skinny wife. Dean preferred to buy these things online. He wasn’t ashamed for what he liked but he would be lying if he said that he was above people’s judgement. Cas, on the other hand, was. If it were up to him, he would just take Dean by his hand, walk into a
His heart is racing as he leans against the wall for support. What the hell is going on here? This isn’t normal—or is it? Maybe there’s a technical explanation for this…he’s not an expert, but it’s possible, right?
He’s throwing up water through his mouth and nose, the salt burning in his throat and the bitter taste of the sea making him nauseous. Then it’s cold again, so cold, but it’s a different kind than before. The sweet, sweet taste of oxygen makes up for it, though.  He can breathe and his eyes flinch when they meet the brightness of the day. He’s alive! And there’s someone sitting beside him, Dean can feel their presence but it takes him a while to focus. It’s a man. He’s got dark hair, it’s wet. Then Dean notices the eyes—they’re beautiful, curious, deep as the ocean and Dean is drowning for the second time today but he doesn’t mind at all.
Benjamin has to leave, not wanting to stay behind with Cas because it’s a friend’s birthday and everyone agreed to stay together all night, yet they exchange phone numbers. The moment he’s on his own again, Dean comes to stand right next to him at the bar but doesn’t even do the slightest thing to acknowledge his existence.
Dean is pacing back and forth along the living room windows, waiting for his brother to pick up the phone.
When he gets back with a small tray, a teapot and three cups, Missouri is asking Cas about his birthdate. “I don’t know,” Cas says, sheepishly.
Jack, actually, sleeps through most of the night, which isn’t surprising after all the action he had on the beach today.
When his mind finally comprehends the full meaning of this situation, Cas kisses him back with fervor.
“You sure she’s still yours?” Dean says, entering, and Sam gets up to give him a hug. “Hasn’t she been spending more time here than at your place lately?”
“Not anymore,” Cas says, “we’re married,” and holds up his and Dean’s hand to show them the proof that sits on their fingers.
Actually, Cas would be having a seminar today when Dean’s lecture had already ended. He considered telling Aaron. But they would have to make it quick; there was only a thirty minutes time slot. Dean took a deep breath. “Okay. You can come over later at three. He won’t be home then for at least half an hour.”
“That’s really not how it is. I know there are people to whom I mean a lot but this is not about them—it’s about me. I made this choice and I was confident those people would accept it without questioning me.”
“We were both unaware of the other’s application at first and when it came out we kind of got into this fight. I mean, not a fight in the physical sense. Still, it wasn’t pretty. It was really low and I regret the things I’ve said.”
The week after that, Dean wasn’t feeling very well and so he had to skip his trip to the cemetery and spend a few days on the couch with a bucket next to him.
“Shit,” he says. He messed up. Time is running out and he’s constantly got his mind wandering elsewhere instead of concentrating on the piece that’s supposed to be his comeback.
Dean feels wobbly on his feet but manages to stand on his own and the stranger follows his lead. “Dude,” he says, trying not to drop his gaze below the man’s waistline. Instead, Dean takes off his jacket and flannel shirt and wraps the shirt around the man’s hips, sort of like a loincloth. The man doesn’t protest.
“I brought a guide book with me because at home I didn’t have the time to take a proper look into it. My house is still messy from moving, plus four girls making it even more chaotic didn’t leave me enough downtime to plan my trip. And while we’ve been here I was too lazy. I thought I’d find me a guided tour or so once we’ve arrived. I found this brochure from the tourist info in Montevideo.”
The phone is answered after the fifth ring. Cas almost hoped no-one would pick up and he’d get out of doing this. He loves his car and as opposed to what anyone says, it’s not crappy. Old it is, but not ‘a stinky pile of junk’, as Meg so nicely put it once.
Later, Dean packs his backpack—a bottle of water, sandwiches, rain poncho and a flashlight just in case, though they won’t be out very long. Cas has a curfew after all.
“I know,” Mary says. “How did he find out anyway? I don’t suppose he suddenly got interested in the details after all this time.”
He lowers Cas onto the mattress, on his back, signaling him to scoot towards the headboard a bit, and lies at his side, propped up on one arm, half-draped over him. Long and languid, he kisses Cas, his free hand stroking his hip, fingertips pressing into the warm flesh. He lets his hand run up Cas’s side, then over his chest, directing his attention to the solid muscle, daring a firm grip and circling his thumb over the nipple. Cas’s hold at his waist tightens in response as he lets out sigh.
“I often don’t have the nerve to be friendly to everyone. I think you’re nice, Dean. Whatever I might have done or said to you, don’t take it personally.”
There’s definitely no hurry as they move against each other, yet it doesn’t take either of them very long to finish.
“Dean.” Cas’s voice startled him from behind as he was sitting between the mess of boxes he had actually meant to get rid of. His eyes snapped up to were Cas was standing in the threshold, only covered by a towel slung around his hips.
“Dean,” Balthazar says, “tells us something about yourself. We could barely get anything out of your husband. What do you do?”
straight out of a fairy tale. Dean loves these kinds of stories but, to be honest, he’s a grown-up and as much he’s wished for finding out that magic is real and all that for most of his life, mermen don’t exist. And yet they do.
“Then I’ll examine her and we’ll talk in a few days about what should be renewed and how you’d like everything to be done.”
“Somehow she answered questions I didn’t even know I had.” Cas doesn’t look at him as he talks, lifting his gaze towards the sky, the universe. He doesn’t seem to be as freaked out as Dean thought he was.
They spent the day in a cycle of swimming and warming up in the sun, eating ice cream and enjoying each other’s company.
They come to a halt at the foot end of the bed, drawn back together, and Cas shoves Dean’s jacket over his shoulders, then wriggles out of the sleeves of his own jacket behind his back, trying not to leave Dean’s lips as he does so. Dean helps, steading Cas’s head with a hand at the back of his head, pulling at Cas’s jacket with the other.
“Cas, where were you?” Dean asked as he felt furious and relieved at the same time. “You weren’t there when I woke up. You didn’t pick up your phone. I was worried. I searched the bathrooms, thinking you might be barfing your brains out somewhere.”
Dean avoids his eyes. “You’re just saying this to make me feel less bad about myself because you don’t want your fake husband to be grumpy all the time.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, his smile faltering a little, but only slightly so Cas wasn’t sure if he might have been imagining it, “I’ve heard about that too. What was her name again?”
“Yes,” he said. “I’m responsible for online distribution and I also help with the bookkeeping. My wife is running some errands but she’ll be back soon if you’d rather talk to her.”
He was already down to his boxer briefs after getting out of his formal attire, quickly stepped out of them as well and put on the pink panties.
When they’re all gathered around the table—except for Dean who is stirring a pot and checking the oven—Cas attempts to break the ice by saying, “This is a beautiful house, Mrs. Winchester.”
The lights in the hallway turn on when they step outside. Dean pockets the key and walks towards the elevator. It’s moving. Someone is coming up from the ground floor. The girls? They wait until it reaches their level. There’s the dull ping noise and the doors slide open. It’s empty.
To his surprise, the tequila is actually really good and doesn’t even burn as it runs down his throat, it’s just giving him a warm feeling in his stomach.
A heavy thud against the door makes them leap away, almost tripping over each other. Dean holds onto him, eyes fixed on the door. Only now Cas realizes he’s aiming the camera at it. He can feel Dean’s agitated heartbeat next to his. Once more, a knock on the wood, then a second echoes through the corridor and they scoot even further backwards. Both boys hold their breaths.
When they get out onto the street, there are people walking by and some small shops have opened in the meantime and Dean suggests taking a look at those first. Jack immediately sets his eyes on a big inflatable orca and Dean is in a good mood now that he can smell the ocean and decides an air mattress to float around on can’t hurt either. On his way to the cash register he passes a rack with sunglasses and calls Cas, who is looking at postcards, to come over and try some on.
They kiss slowly. Cas’s hands find their way into Dean’s hair while Dean has his arms tightly wrapped around him.
“You’re not very convincing,” Dean says and watches the crowd nervously. Billie is here, of course she is. He looks away quickly, hoping he hasn’t been caught staring.
“No, not really. I mean I’d love to have Cassie there and be able to dance with her tonight but it is as it as. I think I know enough people there to have myself entertained. Also, I’ll be wrapped up in best man duties anyway.”
They’re very quiet when Athena is driving them back to Montevideo. Every once in a while Cas dares to glance across the bench to Dean but he’s seems to be staring out the window the entire time.
“You were right about the smell,” Dean says. “Didn’t notice it when I was fixing your lamp the other day.”
“Dean, you’re here!” Benny cried out but Dean could hardly hear him. He was saying something else that Dean didn’t understand. “What?”
“This is funny,” he says aloud, his voice resonating from the bathroom walls. With intent he studies his foam-covered hand. He doesn’t even feel it; the white compound of bubbles doesn’t seem to weigh anything. He rubs his fingers against each other, making the foam disappear.
Sam and Jack have hardly entered the bunker when the walls begin to shake. They all meet in the library, the bunker’s alarms are going off the rails. Then, all of a sudden, they find themselves in a field. No, not a field, a cemetery. Stull.
Dean is actually really good at this but it soon becomes clear that the game is a secondary matter here. First, they just joke around and Cas is very pleased with himself when he sees Dean marvel at his ass in the mirror on the opposite wall when it’s his turn.
“Whatever, I’ll look into car rentals and Jack and I will make a little tour. Cas can come, if he wants,” Sam concluded and Cas said he’ll think about it, though he’d feel bad for leaving Dean behind all on his own.
Dean positions himself between Cas’s legs, applies some more lube and then begins to slowly push into Cas’s hole. He feels so good, so full but it’s not enough so he grabs Dean’s ass and signals him to go deeper.
“Nah, it’s okay. Anyhow, I guess and don’t need to tell you that I didn’t ask anyone out until graduation.”
“You didn’t mention you’d go for a night swim,” Dean says, “I’m not joining you, if that’s what you had in mind.”
“What are you thinking?” Cas asks, carding his fingers through sandy brown hair, when Dean hasn’t talked for a while. He’s just staring at the ceiling.
He looks up. It’s Jody who’s asking. Cas has been occupying this table on his own since Cesar and Jesse left after the illusionist’s show had ended.
“Dean,” she says, crossing her arms over her chest, “not only didn’t we find a body, there’s also no sign there even was someone. There are no clothes, no car, and if there actually was this naked man you saw, he’s gone. There’s no chance he survived hours in the freezing cold ocean.”
They walk over to where Sam and Jack are still talking to Michael and Amara and Dean lays his free hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Let’s go home.”
“Three stars plus off-season. Seems affordable to me,” Dean concludes and Sam steps ahead into the foyer.
“So, uh,” Dean starts and rises from the sofa. “I was glad I could cheer you up a little,” he resumes and huffs a forced laugh.
There’s a small crowd in front of the stage Cas built, applauding the children’s choir as they’re walking off.
In fact, Dean still knows all his step sequences, everything goes smoothly and then Cas stops to let Dean do his decorations and he’d almost forgotten about the sinful leg stroking. After sliding his knee across Cas’s thigh, he comes to a halt with his leg hooked around Cas’s in synchronicity with the music. Dean’s left hand has somehow wandered from his shoulder to the back of his neck, fingertips gently stroking Cas’s hair where it has curled up from the moisture of his sweat.
“It wouldn’t cost you much, Dean. Just sign a few forms and pretend to be head over heels for me for a while. You would live at my place for free. I have enough space. You would even have your own room and bathroom. Obviously, you cannot have any amorous relations as long as we’re keeping up this sham but, like everything about this, it’s only temporary.”
Cas was startled when he saw Aaron, his eyes immediately wandering over to Dean’s room and their eyes met through the open doorway, Dean still completely bare. As soon as Cas noticed Dean’s current state of undress, his glance rushed back to Aaron. “Shit,” Dean muttered under his breath before hurriedly putting on some boxer shorts and a T-shirt.
“Whatever. But it’s your fault if he takes his business elsewhere,” Benny says. “Now what’s a guy gotta do to get a drink in here?” he bawls and all the other guys join in, roaring.
“You can arrange your drawings however you like on this wall,” Missouri says, “and that wall. I’ll rearrange the dreamcatchers a little to make room for your art.” The crystals and amulets around her wrists and neck clink as she moves, gesturing Dean where to put something. Maybe this place isn’t so bad after all. People believing in healing powers of minerals and magic pendants might be allured by his fantastic creations as well.
“Want some of the whiskey you got me?” Mr. Turner asks but Cas politely declines the offer. He shouldn’t make drinking a habit after what Claire suspected. Not that there was anything to suspect.
“I’ve noticed that something is bothering you, Castiel, but I wanted you to come to me on your own terms,” the priest told him. “What is it exactly that’s been upsetting you? Not just your probation, I assume.”
Why would he do such a thing? Why would he say all the things he said…knowing they would conjure this cosmic entity and drag him away to this awful fate? Away from Dean.
, he comes and he’s panting until he’s relaxed enough to roll to Dean’s side. He pulls off the condom and ties the end into a knot. “I’ll get rid of this. Be right back,” he says and pecks Dean on the lips.
Also, the biking was another kind of workout and Cas was glad to get some diversion from running. Yet, when he got back home again, there was not much else to do. He had spent the last three weeks catching up on TV shows on Netflix and Dean had shown him the most important movies from recent years, but staring at a screen for hours, day in day out, wasn’t really a satisfying occupation.
Since then, Michael can be found on the dance floor every night. He still gets his drink first, still never even tastes a drop, and then he puts on a show.
“I didn’t mean for that to happen,” he says. “She’s never done that before, I swear. I didn’t even know she could. It was a bad idea to bring you here.”
Dean has been avoiding Cas for weeks now. In hindsight, the way he handled the entire situation was probably not a very wise one and the incident where he staged his hurried departure due to a different engagement might have been a little unconvincing but Cas seems to have put up with Benny taking over the job with his car. The radio silence after finding out that Cas was gay or so was probably the worst he could have done, considering he’s a business man who depends on obtaining good relationships with his clients and positive reviews, but for some reason seeing Cas with another guy that way disturbed him so much that he couldn’t continue doing his job like he’s supposed to. It’s not like Dean has got any problems with gay people. Max is an alright dude who has good taste in cars. Okay, the Beyoncé thing was bit over the top, but other than that he’s okay with him and Sam being friends. And his brother never mentioned any occasion where Max would have hit on him.
Sometimes he imagines how his life would be different had his mother never died that fateful night. His father wouldn’t have lost it, wouldn’t have gone on a monster killing spree, dragging his sons into a life that barely knows happiness, safety. He might still have met Jess, had a future together with her. Or if they hadn’t stayed together, he’s met someone else. Maybe someone like Eileen. Probably not
Dean’s family left early the next morning while the Novaks stayed at little longer as their flight home was scheduled for the late afternoon. In the evening Dean, Cas, Charlie, Dorothy, Benny and Ash had a small get together, celebrating their freedom and welcoming all the new possibilities that were awaiting them. Dean found himself getting very nostalgic when he said goodbye to the girls, but he managed not to actually cry. “You’ll live only thirty minutes from me,” Charlie reminded him.
“She’s a Goth,” Claire corrects him. “We’re not trying to summon the devil here. This is just a way to find out what the ghost wants.”
“Sam’s having his first girlfriend and he’s still mad at me for teasing him about it,” Dean explained when they walked back inside.
“Cas, wait,” Dean said and walked over to him. He stared at him for a moment and then folded his arms around Cas’s back, hugging him tightly. Cas hesitated for a second, but then he returned the embrace and leaned into it, their heads brushing against one another.
“Nothing he couldn’t have told you himself,” she says and puts the coffee down on their table. “You two seem to be getting along pretty well.” Her side glance at Cas makes Dean’s mouth go dry.
“It is,” Castiel says, “during the day I will have legs to mingle with the humans, come night my true form will show. I almost did not make it at sunset yesterday.”
They don’t really talk during the ride but neither of them can stop sneaking secret glances at each other and laughing a little every time they get caught.
“It’s better if we avoid people,” Dean says and realizes this is exactly what Cas has been doing all along. “Certain people, at least. But there is one person I’d like you to meet. It’s safe, I promise.”
“No. She said she didn’t want to force some guy into her life she once had sex with at a party. She wanted to do this alone—she had help from her family, though—and she thought I wouldn’t have been interested into taking care of a child anyway.”
“I didn’t know you could be cool, Cas.” He’s walking over to the piano. “Good for you, man,” Dean says, patting his back.
“I know he’s got a fish tail, Sam. He’s a merman. That’s why we need to get him into the tub ASAP.” When Sam still doesn’t move, he adds, “I can explain later. Now we need to help him.”
“Is it okay if I leave you for a minute? I need to check on Sam and make sure Jody isn’t calling for assistance.”
“Great,” Dean concluded and slammed the door shut after he had stormed outside into the hallway. His whole world was collapsing around him, making him feel dizzy. He hurried to get to Charlie so that she could reassure him that Cas was a selfish son of a bitch and had never deserved him anyway.
They kissed again, Cas gradually moving downwards with his mouth, dragging his lips along his jaw and neck, sucking his way all the way down along Dean’s chest and stomach until he reached his hips.
“Dude, I’m single. But I’m sure you’ve dreamed of your fairy tale wedding ever since you were a little girl, trying out fancy hairdos,” Dean mocks.
They continue to talk for a while, exchanging stories about their lives. They’re different, in so many ways, yet both seem like they’ve never had anyone to really talk, someone who would understand them, searching, yearning. Cas tells him the last time he met other merpeople was ages ago. It didn’t bother him that much, being on his own, always curious about what lay beyond the shores, eavesdropping on humans as they crossed the seas on different kinds of vessels until their purpose and size became too dangerous to even go near. He’s heard rumors of his kind being caught in fishing nets, dying in agony. Dean can only listen, shaking his head. He can hardly imagine it, being all by himself, threats everywhere. At least he’s got his brother, friendly people in town, and no-one would think of hunting him and putting him in a zoo or a museum.
“And your mother,” John added. “I’ve already forgiven you,” he told Dean and tousled his son’s hair before saying, “Come on, son. There are Christmas presents waiting for you.”
They started dating after that night and Dean got a lot more practice on the matter of giving a blowjob. He even got to fuck Aaron a couple of times.
The blood is mostly gone when the wound has healed. Only a big stain on Dean’s shirt tells of how bad his condition was just a moment ago.
“Yeah, man, that was really cool,” Aaron joined in. “I’m sorry, Cas. I might have had the wrong impression of you, but you’re apparently not that bad.”
They take each other’s hands while Amelia says grace. It’s not really Cas’s thing but that’s how they’ve always done it in this house.
Dean grunts, briefly, arching his back and his orgasm is immediately followed by Cas’s who buries his face between his Dean’s neck and the pillow.
A big chunk of their day is wasted on dealing with this and covering up Ketch’s intentions and making sure Davis won’t come back to end what Ketch started. It’s not like Dean had imagined. He dreamed of spending the day at home with Cas, in bed maybe, making memories. The day goes by so quickly and Cas, for some reason, feels the need to say goodbye to Sam and Jody and to thank them for everything they’ve done. He wants to meet Missouri one last time as well.
Cas purses his lips. He’s feeling nervous. He hasn’t had to deal with serious stage fright in a while but he finds the idea of Dean silently judging him unsettling.
Ketch grunts but recovers quickly. Dean has only made it a few feet towards the tub, shielding Cas now with his body.
“Ever since I came back from my honeymoon, you’ve been all smiley faced when he came here or when you brought him up. And you brought him up a lot. Pretty annoying actually, if I’m being honest with you. I’m glad you got over whatever issues you had with him and you’re finally dating. You two are dating, aren’t you?”
“It was a hard time for his wife and Claire. For all of us. And if that hadn’t been enough, Amelia, Claire’s mother, got really sick soon after that. Of course I took Claire into my care until she got better. She lived with me for nine months.”
“Already?” Charlie asks, disappointed. “Well, fine. You obviously couldn’t wait for us with the séance anyway.”
“Dean, that’s not fair. I didn’t know. I didn’t know because you and mom actively choose not to tell me. I would have helped you guys out. Even delayed my studies if necessary. I didn’t ignore the trouble you were in. You went behind my back and now you’re mad at me?” Sam rises from his chair, too, towering him. This might work on other people but Dean isn’t intimidated by his brother’s height. After all, he used to comfort and distract him when he was crying again because their parents had gotten into another fight.
“Okay, then we just use the other material we have so far and talk about the article another time,” Bart suggested.
“Bye,” she said and pressed a quick kiss on his lips, before picking up her phone and disappearing through the front door of his house.
“You’re right,” Cas says, “but think of it for a moment. Nowadays it’s more of a children’s day where they dress up and eat pastries. Like Christmas or Easter, the true meaning of her day has lost its value.”
“We haven’t talked in years, Charlie, and you’re pretty well aware of that. It will be so awkward,” Dean whined.
Dean met with Benny, Charlie and Dorothy at his favorite bar to exchange thoughts on what they were planning to do after college. Maybe they had some advice for him, too. Cas, of course, didn’t join them. He had stuck to his promise not to drink again and despite Dean telling him he wouldn’t have had to order alcohol, he preferred to stay behind in their dorm room. He was probably also still unsure about what he should do after their graduation and, as Dean reckoned, rather avoided considering any possibilities as long as possible. Dean would certainly have to give him another pep talk soon before Cas started panicking about his future again.
“Humans. What are they really? How do they live? Where does their thirst for destruction come from?”
He should have killed Lucifer the moment he noticed him in the park. The other angels fled because they hadn’t realized the Devil was mostly powerless. Cas, on the other hand, knows. Summoning the strength for the reddish glow of his eyes had been enough to make him struggle for air. Angels don’t necessarily rely on oxygen. Lucifer might not have lost all of his grace but compared to what he had been capable of before he was thrown into Apocalypse World, his powers are nothing more than cheap tricks.
“Son, of course I don’t hate you. How could I? Come here,” he said and hugged Cas tightly. When he’d let go, he said, “Michael? Don’t you want to say anything to your brother?”
Michael chuckled. “I’m sorry for how I treated him in the past. He’s your friend and he just wanted to protect you. I guess that’s why he’s here today, isn’t it?”
Every year a group of parishioners organized a nativity play that would be performed on Christmas Eve. People of all ages—adults, children and seniors—joined to set up everything. There were those responsible for the stage design, those fitting the costumes and singers participating in the choir that provided a soundtrack for the re-enactment. There was always a big competition on who got to play the different roles, the most prominent of which obviously were Mary, Joseph and the Three Wise Men. A committee, that was usually presided by Father Jim, chose who got to play all the parts—including the animals that were mostly portrayed by children. The biggest part a kid could play here—and probably the most important role of the whole play—was the one of Baby Jesus. Sure, they could have easily used a doll for that one, but the people preferred authenticity and therefore the infant Jesus was played by a real baby every year.
Cas had returned to his routine after his brief trip to his best friend’s wedding. The stay in Kansas City had been a pleasant variation of how he usually spent his time these days.
“Yeah, see you later, Donna. Doug, it was nice meeting you.” He follows them with his eyes as the couple walk towards the small stage he knows is Cas’s handiwork.
Cas now has one hand on the back of Michael’s head and the other on the waist that others have wanted to touch for so long. They’re not even dancing, only swaying slightly as if there’s currently an eighties soft rock song on. Michael’s eyes are glassy with tears and he’s shaking but Cas is holding him tight and whispering into his ear. No-one knows what exactly they’re witnessing, if it’s the end of a lover’s quarrel or if Michael has finally found his long lost love. Maybe that’s why he rejected everyone else—because he only ever loved Cas and thought he’d never have him.
“Yeah, when? This is the first vacation I’m having in, like, ever, and I’m still feeling anxious in the back of my head that the world might fall apart while I’m sipping cocktails with my toes in the sand. The girls said they’ll cover for us this week but I’m telling you, as soon as there’s something bigger than a vamp or a ghost, we’re going home.”
The giggle was followed by a long sigh and Dean snorted a laugh. “Seems like the girls are already wide awake.”
“What a nice lady,” Cas said ironically after Dean had freed himself from her grabby hands and joined him at the bar. A shiver ran through his body when he looked behind his shoulder to the dance floor where Mrs Bradbury had already found her next victim.
“When I slipped and fell into the ocean, I injured my leg. Later, on the beach, there wasn’t any sign of it left. Did you do that? Did you heal my leg, can you do that?”
They lie still for a few minutes afterwards until Cas asks, “Was it this you were longing for when I was dead?”
The game was obviously over when Benny called him, though Dean couldn’t understand a word of what he was saying over the noise in the background. He called again a minute later, shouting, “We won! We fucking won!” into his phone, leaving Dean with an annoying whistle in his ear that wouldn’t stop for the next ten minutes.
she thinks and sighs, gliding deeper into the warm water. Her hair is loose and the tips are already getting wet but it doesn’t matter. She slides further down the enamel at her back until the surface is only an inch under her nose where it’s being tickled by the foam floating on the water.
Not really out of nowhere, still somehow unexpected, Dean’s fingers closed around his erection, beginning to pump him slowly. The pleasure that shot through his body made his grip on Dean’s dick tighten until both of them were sighing weakly.
“Uh, I’m feeling very uncomfortable right now,” she says but Cas knows this is just the teenager in her speaking who is always embarrassed by parents or parental figures getting real.
Now Cas laughs, too. “From what I’ve seen, there are a few offers for a very limited number of participants.”
Dean breathes out as he thinks of a response but Cas forestalls him and says, “Come on now, we’ve got to get the rings on our way downtown.”
Then, he sits up, chuckling to himself. “You know what?” he says. “We kinda are Lords of the Rings,” which causes Cas to furrow his brows.
Cas was really disappointed in Dean. He had expected him to take the news differently. Like an adult, not like the whiney little brat that he appeared to be. This really wasn’t a good start. He had thought his friend would be supportive as always but that had obviously been too much to ask for this time. Dean should be relieved Cas wasn’t continuing to be a burden to him. He had finally found a mission for his life where he could, for once, look after someone else. He would have God and the church to take care of him in exchange.
“You mean if I still love you?” He looks tense as he speaks. All the sass has been laid to rest. They’re being serious now.
“Well, Claire, I… There’s something in this house. I can’t guarantee for you safety,” Cas tries to explain.
“I really like you too, Dean,” he replies, beaming at him and Dean just wants to get lost in those beautiful eyes.
He remains sitting by the fireplace, staring into the flames. It’s peaceful, just watching the fire consume the log pieces, one after another.
“How am I supposed to tell you what to do if you don’t even know the slightest thing about what you actually want?”
“Cas is gone,” he says, voice rasp, “He saved me too. And now we need to fix it, to make things right.”
“Man, you can’t let me down. I’m telling you guys, you’re gonna regret it tomorrow when everybody will be talking about this awesome night for weeks, maybe years.”
“Gabriel!” Cas calls after him but his brother doesn’t stop to listen and soon he’s in his car, letting his Camaro’s engine roar twice as he waves at Cas from behind the steering wheel and drives away.
The fairy tale, not the Disney movie. A kind of tragic he can relate to. The curiosity, the exploration of the unknown. The loss of love, the betrayal. He’s no stranger to all of these. And the protagonist was young and innocent, just like he used to be. It didn’t end well for her and Sam supposes it won’t for him either.
“You’re not going anywhere, Cas.” He’s speaking in the same tone he did with the dog earlier. “What happened?”
Not-Cas is reaching out for him. His bony fingers have claws, long and sharp enough to tuck them into his holes and cut through whatever keeps his eyes in them.
Dean was resting his head on Aaron’s chest as the other worked on gradually getting a finger inside him. Eventually it was all the way in and found Dean’s prostate. Dean noticed this with a gasp and started thrusting against Aaron again while he kept paying attention to stimulating Dean otherwise.
“Yes, Meg, of course I’m coming,” he said. “How will your living situation look like? I mean since you’ve still got a year before graduation.”
“I’m sorry, too, you know,” Cas tells him. Maybe Dean wants to act like certain things never happened but Cas thinks it’s better to spell it out before it’s too late. “I crossed a line the last time we met and I apologize.”
“Zeke…alright. Well, merry Christmas, Cas. Have a save trip,” Charlie told him and bent over the table and hugged him.
“Thanks, I guess. And no, I’m definitely not gay. Women are great. I love women and I wouldn’t refuse a serious offer if I got one, but since I’m…”
“Probably a concussion. I’ll fix that for you,” Cas says, trying and failing to get up as fast as he’d liked.
There’s nothing there. Cas, though, is sitting a safe distance away, making it impossible for his feet or legs to touch Dean.
“If you don’t want to tell them, I’ll be fine. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want and if you don’t want to come out to your family, then simply don’t. I’ll support you, no matter what you choose to do.”
“Of course.” When she notes the tension on his face hasn’t completely disappeared. “Don’t worry, Sam will be fine.”
“No, try these,” Dean says and hands him a pair of aviators instead. Cas takes a look in the small mirror on top of the rack and then faces Dean, awaiting his verdict.
Dean is angry. He hasn’t felt this strongly in forever. He hasn’t felt anything. He was too scared to let himself feel.
It’s all a blur what happened in the bathroom. Or didn’t happen, fortunately. He had actually considered it in that moment. He had Dean right where he wanted him and he didn’t seem opposed to doing it, at all. Dean’s face was flushed, his pupils dilated, his breathing heavy and the pungent smell of alcohol dominant in the situation. That’s what it all was. A drunken slip. Almost.
When I wrote this, at first I thought their love declarations were a bit over the top, but I guess they deserve it after suffering for over 70k words. :)
He’s so cold his limbs are numb, yet somehow he manages to crawl across the floor and reach the front door. The air from outside hits him like a warm summer breeze compared to the atmosphere in the house and when he sets the first foot over the threshold he can feel a hand on his shoulder, making him pull the door shut behind him with such force that shakes the entire house.
“How many angles of that cliff do you have left? Couldn’t you sort them out a bit?” Dean asked, starting to complain after half an hour of Charlie’s presentation of New Zealand’s stunning nature.
Dean, though, comes to an abrupt stop when a Labrador is getting in his way, waving his tail with enthusiasm.
“Oh, it’s great. I love my daughter and I try to spend as much time as possible with her. I just want her to be happy and I’m glad she welcomed me into her life. And for a teenager she’s quite cool about hanging out with her dad, I think.”
“No, not at all. You did absolutely nothing,” Dean said, emptied his glass and blended into the crowd.
Cas groaned but Dean’s teasing smile didn’t falter. Deep inside he knew his husband wasn’t really mad anymore. Their dynamic in the morning had led him to be optimistic their stupid argument was going to be over soon.
His cheeks and ears are feeling red-hot and he’s hiding his face in his hands as he tries to summon the strength to stand up and leave.
“His Symphony No. 5, yes,” Cas says with an actual smile before resuming, “I bet you know this as well.”
“Her name is Mandy. She came up to me and told me I was handsome. That was weird but then we talked a little and she’s really nice. We made out.” He chuckled.
Maybe his handling of the situation wasn’t fair to Dean but he only wanted to protect him from their disgrace. Or maybe he just wanted to protect himself.
“Over by the bridge out of town. We were out for a walk.” He scoops a few spoons full of coffee powder and starts the machine. “I don’t know what had gotten into him.”
"It's so good to see you," he says instead and yeah, that line really lands because Cas replies, "It’s good to see you too, Dean."
“I don’t want to interfere with your family’s business. Emma meeting Sam is important to you and I don’t wanna be in the way. I don’t think I, as an outsider, could be of much help.”
Then he left the building, pulling his small suitcase behind him that was the only piece of baggage he had aside from a messenger bag. Meg’s car was already parked in front of the parish house.
“Cas, please stop being so stubborn about this kind of nonsense. Did he say he doesn’t love you? Did he say he doesn’t want to be with you? Did he say he wants a divorce?”
“You know, the offer still stands. Whenever she’s becoming decrepit, having little ailments, just give me a call and I see what I can do for you,” Dean says.
When he doesn’t clarify, Balthazar says, “Darling, if you want my advice, I’m afraid I need more specifics.”
It was right to go to bed early. The still had a long drive ahead of them tomorrow, so Cas and Dean turned in as well, telling each other fantasies of how they would be as parents before falling asleep.
“That’s so cool!” Dean agreed. “Come, I have an idea,” he said and put and arm around Cas’s shoulders. Cas was startled by the sudden closeness but eased into it after a moment. Dean held his phone up and told him to smile into the camera. It made click and Dean cheerfully showed him their selfie. “I’mma send it to her.”
After each boy had taken a shower, they finished packing Dean’s car—including a second tent for the girls as they were getting to Lawrence with Dorothy’s motorcycle and couldn’t carry that much stuff on top of their sleeping bags.
“I will,” Dean says and, perfectly timed, the waiter brings their drinks and they toast each other to that.
Dean lets out a long sigh. “Fine,” he says and reaches out both hands and Cas almost loses his balance from a sudden burst of excitement.
“You’re not the only single in the world, Cas. Not being in a relationship right now doesn’t make you a lesser person. And you can’t force anything. I think the harder you try, the harder it gets. Just relax—when it’s supposed to happen, it will.”
“Boys, this is Cain, head scenographer of our fine institution,” Balthazar introduces. “He’d show you around behind the scenes if you’re still interested.”
he says, glaring at Cas, but Dean steps between them. “You couldn’t just leave Sam’s broken soul in Hell. You couldn’t just let Dean wallow in his grief over his brother and move on. You were a mistake, Castiel.”
“I checked my bedroom. There’s bumping again. I’d offer you Claire’s bed but I don’t think she’d want that. I should at least ask her before I let anyone else sleep in there. It’s the only piece of furniture I bought for this house.” He feels a little helpless right now. “You can have the sofa. I’ll sleep on the floor.”
“I’m bi,” he says. He doesn’t have the strength to say the full word so he isn’t sure if the others got the message.
“Dean, oh god, what am I supposed to do, what do you want me to do? Call an ambulance? Dear god, Dean, please, don’t die!”
“I don’t need you anymore…to be able to stay in this country. Billie said she’ll vouch for me if the DSS are making trouble again.”
In the end it took the boys twenty minutes longer to get it done. Later they leisurely walked to the lake’s shore, towels swung over their shoulders. Dean wanted revenge for the tent competition that never was one and declared to race for who’ll be in the water first. He didn’t notice the look Dorothy gave Cas though.
Charlie was hanging out in their room and had her legs swung over Cas’s lap as they were on the couch, she doing something on her phone, he reading a book that for a change was for pleasure, not for school. Dean wasn’t back yet from his seminar.
A floorboard whines under his weight as Castiel follows Mr. Turner up the steps to the porch. It’s not spacious, offering just enough room for an old rocking chair that, just us as the house itself, has obviously seen better days. Cas assumes the ancient piece of furniture is more of an decorative element attached to the overall appearance of the house than something one is actually supposed to sit on; something only held together by varnish, inevitably set to break should someone intend to rest their rear on it.
Next goes their underwear and Dean takes the lube bottle from Cas and pours a small amount on his hand. He wraps his hand around Cas’s erection and, slowly, pumps him a few times, eliciting beautiful sounds from him.
“You know,” Michael says, “after all these years of wrath, of yearning for the Apocalypse to end it all, I’ve come to like this world, its people. Turns out humans aren’t so bad after all.”
The conversation is about to die down but Cas nudges Amelia’s foot under the table, indicating her to continue.
“Don’t be shy,” Dean continues after a minute. “How about you tell us your name first? My name is Dean, who are you?”
The sheriff nods. Her eyes glance towards the open bedroom door and Dean is expecting her to ask if she can take a look inside, for whatever reason. Instead she says, “Well, if he prefers to stay somewhere out there, then we have to let him. As long as he doesn’t bother anyone. I’ll tell my people to have an eye out for him and I’m going to check if anything comes up with the name but I highly doubt it.”
Dean follows the trail of sawdust through a storage unit. There are so many different kinds of wood and Dean loves the smell of everything in here. It feels like a childhood memory. Not his own, though. When he was a boy, it was mostly the scent of engine grease that brought him joy. He’s always loved cars, ever since he can remember.
And he tried. He really tried, but it only got worse. He just wanted to drop everything and run away. But where was he supposed to go? He barely had money, let alone did he have any worthwhile personal possessions. He wouldn’t come far were he to seek sanctuary with his family—no matter if at his parents’ house or at his brother’s. What would they even think of him?
“No, she’s going to Notre Dame. But we’re trying a long distance relationship. I mean, we’re supposed to be studying anyway, so I think it’s for the best if we’re not distracting each other all the time. We still have the summer break. And we got to spend time together during the Christmas holidays.”
Castiel feels stupid for what he is about to do and his feet move with slight reluctance as he walks across the street to the maroon house with the wind chime. Dean offered to come with him but Cas said it’s his house, his ghost and he can’t ask Dean to do all the talking for him. He’s fortunate enough that he believes him, that he gave him shelter and company when he needed it.
First, Balthazar demonstrates the men’s step sequence, then he asks those dancing this part to copy. When Dean proceeds to do so, Castiel elbows his side.
Dean doesn’t talk much. He throws in a comment of his own here and there but most of the communication consists of catching Dean look at him in the rearview mirror.
Cas has just come back from bringing Claire home. He let her out around the corner to not make her mother suspicious and contribute to her story that she took the bus from her friend’s. He should have lectured his daughter about her behavior but after what they witnessed last night he’s relieved somehow, in a really weird way, that he could proof the existence of a ghost to other people. Well, Claire could. Alice—if that’s its real name—hasn’t bothered them after their little séance.
“God, Cas, were you trying to kill me?” Dean said, still trying to stabilize his breathing. He hadn’t moved yet, still lay with Cas underneath him.
Dean gaped for air. It was happening! His first date with a guy was finally happening! And he was only actually realizing it now.
During dinner the next day, Zeke rushed to address the topic first thing after dessert. Cas was glad he had waited until after everyone had eaten, as their food would have probably gotten cold if they had discussed this beforehand.
When the time had come for him to leave, he started walking around the house. A few people were sitting and chatting in the common area. Cas didn’t really know any of them. He pondered for a while whether to join them or not. They wouldn’t mind. He might even make new friends.
“My brothers,” he says, “the other archangels. Us plus the nephilim could stand a chance against God, I think.”
“You’re crying,” said Dean who was sobbing as well and Cas huffed a shaky laugh at that. “Ah, that’s enough now,” he said, letting go of Cas and wiping away his tears. “Let’s just be happy again. Tell me about your Christmas break,” Dean said and urged Cas to sit with him. They talked for two hours straight and soon it was almost like nothing had ever happened. And, Dean guessed, officially that was it: nothing ever happened. End of story. They only had had to overcome a phase were both of them were acting stupid and didn’t talk to one another—something every friendship had to undergo sooner or later.
“Dean!” His brother comes running at him. “Dean, I’m so glad you’re still here.” He pulls Dean into his arms. “You’re still here.”
Cas wouldn’t have minded much dying right here and now. Charlie—a girl!—had his Superman underwear hanging from her index finger and was waiting for him to confirm her statement. Yes, he grew up in a household with another girl, his sister, but this was something entirely different.
“It’s a place you can go to read and borrow books. You know what books are?” Dean feels weird about patronizing Cas this way but he has come to realize that he has actually no understanding of how much Cas already knows about all things human.
“Cas,” is all Dean can think of. He nods, mentally preparing himself for whatever is about to happen. It then takes Cas a moment to do anything, probably doing the same. Dean stays a few feet away, swallowing hard.
—sit at the table when Cas gets back. Gabe is shoving a handful of cookies into his mouth and spits crumbs at him when he says, “Cas, I thought you’d bolted without saying goodbye!”
When they get back to the ranch, Cas feels incredibly tired but accepts Diego’s offer of a small introduction to gaucho culture, having Dean on board immediately, and Cas doesn’t want to miss out on anything.
“You’re doing so good, Cas, so good,” he let Cas know between short breaths and then Cas’s hips stuttered and he came with Dean’s name on his lips.
Mary can’t even remember the last time she has taken a bath. Must’ve been before Sammy’s birth, she assumes. So, more than thirty years ago, kinda. Well-deserved and much overdue then.
“Oh, I was,” Sam says. “Really, I was hella pissed. But I didn’t want to yell at you over the phone and then I decided to just be happy for you. You deserve this, Dean. You deserve to have someone who loves and genuinely cares about you. You know, especially after how we grew up.”
Dean sat next to him on the bed and made Cas straddle him. “So you can do this at your own pace,” he explained and quickly applied some lube on his erection.
“Oh, and by the way,” he resumed, “although I didn’t want to tell anyone before everything was set, Pastor Boyle offered me a job. One I’m actually getting paid for. It’s not much, of course, given that the center is mostly funded by charity, but as a regular counselor I’ll be getting something at least.”
Dean will never admit it, but he’s right, as much as he’d like to punch that stupid face in front of him. Then he notices the marks on the floor beneath them and gets an idea.
They’ve talked about this. Cas would stay behind to give them a break from acting as a couple all day. They’d have enough pretending on the days to come anyway.
Dean sits up slightly and turns towards Cas. “I want my brother to finally meet Emma and, if I’m being honest, the whole idea freaks me out. I should trust Sammy to act like an adult for once, I know, but what if he’s being a dick again or if he and Emma won’t get along for any other reason? They’re two of the most important people in my life and I want them to be friendly with each other. We’re a family.”
He’s not wearing his shirt anymore as well, a perfect invitation for Cas to get his hands on him again.
“And there he is,” Ketch says. “Isn’t he a beauty? I can see why you fell for him.” Dean wants Ketch’s nose to get acquainted with his fist so badly.
“I don’t know,” Cas says. He wants to ask Dean for his number, suggest that whatever is going on between them doesn’t have to end just because Cas is quitting. He really, really wants to but he’s too scared of being rejected.
again. What if he’d died today. What if he’d never gotten to tell Cas how he felt. What if he’d never gotten to have this.
Finally, Dean managed to sit up. He wanted to puke, now, but that wasn’t the appropriate thing to do, considering where he was.
“Before,” Cas replied. “I think what we did just happened because of this incident. That was actually the first time I realized I was attracted to you. Your masturbating was pretty arousing.”
“Cas is going on a trip with his church friends this year,” Dean pointed out. “So of course he won’t be coming with us.”
“Oooh,” Balthazar coos, amusedly placing a hand in front of his mouth. “Castiel, you better watch out. Don’t leave him alone around my boys.”
Dean clears his throat, trying to swallow down the awful flavor of ocean water. “Did you just save my life?” he asks.
Next they interrogated Zach Lisowski. The bar he worked at had just opened and only two guests were sipping their beers in silence, each having a table of their own.
Dean’s head is spinning—he’s had way too much to drink—and the heat and the moisture of Cas’s breath hit his cheek like a summer storm. The hand dryer goes silent again and all Dean can hear now is Cas’s breathing close to his ear.
For weeks, however, Michael did nothing to initiate contact with the other clubgoers. And then, one night, the miracle occurred. Michael rose from his barstool, creeping towards the dance floor, like his one purpose in life was to get exactly there and nowhere else, and people stopped moving, shocked and thrilled to find Michael in their midst. Some even say the music died for a moment as everyone stood there but that’s a myth, obviously, ‘cause the next thing that happened was Michael closing his eyes, inhaling the tension in the room and knocking the breath out of everyone’s ribcages with the first sway of his hip. And after that there was no holding back. Gifted dancers know how to really feel the music but with Michael it’s like he
Dean jumps and his chair falls over in the process. “You shut your mouth!” He’s yelling. “You think I don’t know how you feel?” Tears come back to his eyes and his voice breaks. “You have no clue… You have no fucking clue,” he says, knocking his fingers against his chest, emphasizing his words. “My heart is broken. I am…broken, you understand? I can’t do this anymore. I’ve lost too much.”
Dean returns to the seats again, opting for the front row as well now, and Cas doesn’t waste any time to get back to playing, though, before he does, he sends a brief look into Dean’s direction.
He storms out the door, his jacket getting caught on the door handle and a cold shiver bolts through his body when a voice startles him. “Hello, Dean,” Cas says. He’s sitting on the bench, in the sun, apparently examining last night’s work.
“You think the husband has something to do with this?” Dean asked when they were back inside the car.
“You know, the first time something happened was when Claire was here and we were having this argument about her not being allowed to stay home alone and getting a nose ring. And the incident that made me run over to you was after I had this huge fight with her mother over Claire being away during Thanksgiving.”
Dean chuckled and Meg gave him a gentle smile. “He’ll see this differently very soon, I promise. He loves you, Cas, and he wouldn’t wanna lose you.”
“That’s right,” she says, shooting finger guns at Jody. Then she turns towards Dean. “And who’s this handsome man here? Is he your—”
“Sam was supposed to drop Blossom off here Monday afternoon but he never showed and he never returned my call. He only sent a rude text that he didn’t need my help anymore.”
Father Jim knew very well what it meant. Bishop Crowley already disliked Cas and his chances of ever getting ordained a priest had lowered drastically. Should he refrain from acting against the bishop’s principles from now on, the incidents might become deemed time-barred in a few years’ time and he could be getting approved for ordination eventually.
Dean had to take a deep to remain calm. A man who, in private, liked to wear pretty underwear made of a fancy material with lace and maybe a small bow in the front was certainly not a freak. It made him feel good and sexy and his husband profited from this as well. Yes, Cas was very into Dean wearing women’s panties. Telling Cas his little secret had really improved their sex life (if that had even been possible back then when they had still been in their honeymoon phase) and not for one second had Cas judged him for his likes. He was perfect.
The guilt came creeping back. Of course, Cas wouldn’t have let his friend down either if he were in his place. Cas was there, in Kansas City and homeless and how else could Dean have reacted than—
He released a content breath as he took in the sensation of the fine material on his ass and groin. God, this was amazing.
There’s a short intro, a bell ringing, of course, and the first of the lyrics end up in muffled laughter after they’ve missed their cue but it doesn’t matter. Mariah Carey—Cas certainly wouldn’t have guessed that choice.
Their phone call only ended long after Dean had gotten home. He was so happy for his little brother and wished their parents and Uncle Bobby could’ve lived to see Sammy as excited as he was now in the light of his upcoming wedding.
“You look fine,” Dean reassured him, brushed imaginary dust from Cas’s shoulders and pecked him on the lips. “Get your coffee and go,” he said, left the bathroom and put on his overcoat. Cas did the same and grabbed his half full cup before locking the motel room door behind them.
“I took a bus. And it’s a community of Catholic students, not a ‘Bible club,’” Cas corrected him, making finger quotes as he repeated Dean’s choice of words.
Claire huffs and crosses her arms in front of her chest, pointedly looking out of the passenger side window.
“Yeah, I also don’t think I’ll come. My feet hurt and I think I’ll go to bed early tonight,” Cas says.
“Who wants beer?” John called from the kitchen and Sam and Jess replied with a ‘me.’ Cas rather stuck to ice tea, though he felt like he could use a drink.
“Cool,” Dean says and releases a breath, “I know a place. Just…follow me? I’ll drive ahead in my car.”
“You can’t escape, Dean,” Ketch says, his face suddenly at the window, looking him directly in the eye. “We’ve acquired quite some knowledge over the past centuries. If you try to make a run, you will be stopped right at the edge of your property. You won’t make it past the end of your front yard. And as for calling for help, you might have already noticed that this isn’t an option either.”
He loses track of time. Cas notices he’s been shivering for a while now and Dean can’t blame it on astonishment any longer. He wraps himself in the blanket he brought, Cas by his side close to the water, and not much afterwards, he must have fallen asleep, dreaming of mermaids and fairies and magic.
“Ms. Talbot,” Cas says, miming a kiss on her hand and Dean pukes internally, “to what do I owe the honor?”
“I’m sorry you had to suffer like this,” Jody says but the smirk on her face doesn’t fit the tone she’s going for.
He skipped dinner last night and now he’s starving. He couldn’t bear seeing Jody or Donna or Charlie so soon after what happened between him and Castiel which is why he stayed in his cabin for the rest of the evening. It would have been too humiliating after what he’s done.
When he finally got off work and drove his car to the diner, the anxiousness was almost killing him. This probably wasn’t a good idea, he knew that very well. Cas would be polite and casual like he had been at the wedding and Dean would overvalue his friendliness again. He had every right to be mad at Cas but he could no longer bring himself to hold a grudge against him for things that had happened almost seven years ago. They’d had different lives back then; they had been different people.
The ending of their little jam session was a little bit awkward, yes, but Dean is still on a high when he leaves to give Cas some privacy. Maybe his fake husband isn’t such a killjoy after all.
“It actually wasn’t that bad. We were gossiping about you and Cas and, well, how awful men are in general.”
he says and not much later he receives a plate with a huge beef sandwich. He’s not sure he’ll be able to eat all of it but takes a seat at one of the outside tables and takes a first bite. It’s delicious and Cas thinks he’s already found his favorite Uruguayan dish. Meat juice is running down the corners of his mouth, the freshness of the vegetables and mozzarella is rounding off the taste of the beef and all of a sudden Cas is stuffing the last bit into his mouth. He definitely has to eat
Cas’s eyes are opened wide in fear. He’s her father and she has to do whatever he says—why didn’t he just send her home?
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. They seem to have come to an unspoken agreement that they won’t bring up today’s tango lesson ever again and Cas just slightly waves his hand before leaving the elevator on the Angel deck.
Dean just stood there, witnessing how familiar they were acting around each other. Like friends. Not as stiffly as he had been with Cas. “Dean, would you be so nice and escort Cas to the front desk and have him checked in. You should also head upstairs to change. And I should get dressed, too. We’ll see each other later at the far end of the aisle,” Charlie said and shooed the men out of her dressing room.
“Yeah, I know,” he said. “It’s just…those four years were the best of my life and you were there from the very beginning and now this time has come to an end.”
“Perfect. You’re a life-saver, Dean. I don’t know what I would do without you.” He takes the cup from Dean and slowly savors the bitter taste, leaning against the kitchen isle.
“Never mind,” he says and clears his throat. Lucky for him, their steaks arrive and the food makes Cas forget his question.
“Uh, I don’t know. Dark hair maybe. My high school girlfriend Lisa had dark hair and so had my first real girlfriend Tessa. Victor too…well, he’s black. But I don’t think that I have a special type. Whoever floats my boat, I guess.”
“And Jack appears to be incredibly innocent for his age. I mean the boy is at least 22 but I’m not so sure if he even knows how babies are actually made,” Jesse says.
Sam declines Castiel’s offer this time, telling him he wants to stay sober and awake enough to read his serial killer book.
“You should decide what’s more important to you, Mr. Winchester,” Cas spoke up again, “accepting that your son is bisexual and had a fifty-fifty chance of falling in love with another man, or that he marries a woman who he’s not entirely happy with. Would you really rather see Dean miserable just to please you?”
“I thought we agreed to make our devotion for each other believable for your brother,” Cas says nonchalantly.
This happened at an age where he still didn’t fully comprehend what was going on with his body and why it did the things it did and why he got hard all the time but one thing he knew for sure: you didn’t jizz in your pants while thinking of a guy. That was called gay. Touching other guys in certain ways was gay. Telling your friends you love them was gay. Crying because of anything else than severe physical pain was gay. And gay was wrong. John Winchester couldn’t have a pussy for a son.
“Lie down,” Dean says, determined now. “On the couch. And take off the shirt.” He’s biting his lip as Cas does so.
“You’re gonna miss the game if you don’t stop trying to persuade us to come to your party,” Dean reminded him.
Cas smiled gently at him. “I will do that. Enjoy the beach and send me a picture,” Cas said before he hopped onto the bus that would take him to the airport. He had declined Dean’s offer to drive him, arguing that he had already caused him enough trouble with calling off the beach vacation.
“It was a bit uncomfortable in the beginning,” Dean says, voice low, “but then it just felt good. I liked it.”
“Um, no… I’m sorry, I was just… I don’t know. I’ve just been really stressed out lately and I must have gotten lost in my thoughts. I wasn’t endangering anyone, though, I was just standing here with my car.”
The men introduce themselves as Cesar and Jesse Cuevas, a married couple from Texas. They’re on their second honeymoon, planning to leave for the countryside once they’ve arrived in Montevideo.
John would have killed him if he had known. Instead he died. Dean had to man up now. He needed to take care of his family.
Dean loosened his tie and pulled it over his head, then took off his coat and proceeded to unbutton his dress shirt.
The girls have stopped their conversation and both are watching the scene, curious. Of course, Claire is informed about why exactly they’re here and that there’s a tiny, tiny chance, things might go sideways between Sam and Dean or Sam and Emma. The latter are now looking directly at each other, Claire’s eyes flicking back and forth between them.
So much can change in four years. And everything started right here, on the Love Boat, she thinks and her giggle earns her a weird look from the passengers who are next in line.
Balt slightly jumps on the sofa as he turns more towards him. “Castiel, what did you do?” he says, accentuating every word.
He forgoes brushing his teeth—shower he did last night—and tumbles into the living room in search of his car keys, thinking about where Cas might have gone when he found Dean hadn’t already been waiting for him as he was supposed to. The beach, maybe. Or the waterfall? The car won’t help then.
“Yeah, look at the family portraits,” Dean murmurs, elbowing Cas’s side. “Gotta say, this looks nothing like good old Gabe.”
The first thing Dean saw when he woke up in the morning was Cas sitting on his side of the bed, looking at him.
It’s actually a good idea and he’s not new to tango, although the few lessons his friend Meg had coaxed him to take with her are a few years in the past already. He could use a refresher.
“Oh, that sounds really interesting. Actually, my brother has a really crappy car he refuses to get rid of that could use some pimping.”
“Then at least get some rest. Try again later,” Dean says and before Cas can reply, he’s gone, calling, “be right back!”
“Hey, I just learned mermen exist. I’m still questioning my sanity. Don’t need any of my superiors to do the same.”
There are not many people around who he feels comfortable talking to and Gabriel has fallen into conversation with the new guy. Even
“Hey, uh,” he says, dropping his hands on Sam’s shoulders, standing behind his chair, “I promised Cas to show him around the house earlier. Would you guys be alright with that?”
Benny’s right. He knows what he’s doing and he’s got great visions but he isn’t Dean and Cas wonders what could’ve come up that Dean is so tied up all of a sudden.
Yet, somehow the Winchesters and the Novaks managed to get together to take photos with Dean and Cas in their gowns and caps and later at dinner Sam kept whining about how exhausting the day had been for him. “When it’s time for your own graduation ceremony, I’ll also be bitching the whole time, Sammy,” Dean said in a failing attempt to shut him up.
“Hey, you alright?” Dean asked when they had returned to the living room, noticing Cas’s bleary eyes. The fact that Dean had a hand on his back as Cas sat down next to him didn’t really help.
When they’ve gotten out of the car, an old hearse, in rather bad shape, draws Claire’s attention. “Cool,” she says, trying to keep it nonchalant and Cas knows that expression of hers where she’s actually thrilled but concealing a smile.
“Not really, no. I’ll try to stay in touch with some of them but there was never someone who…who I’d miss that much. We might have had a good time but it was never anything serious, you know. Not enough for me to leave town and not enough for them to turn their lives upside down and come to stay with me, permanently.”
“Of course,” Cas says. “Rowena, this is Dean Winchester, my husband. Dean, this is my good friend Rowena. She’s the harpist of KC Symphony.”
Linda Graham was resisting, wriggling wildly under Dean but the woman didn’t stand a chance against him.
His hand almost slips at the sudden chime of his phone. For a split second he dares to hope it’s Jody, about to tell him they found the guy and he’s alright, but it’s his brother’s name that flashes on the screen.
The small talk goes on for a bit until Linda moves on to another group. They lose Balthazar shortly afterwards but when someone dressed in blood-red approaches them, Dean knows why.
The drive to Lawrence was over sooner than Cas would’ve preferred and he was still feeling like passing out any moment, despite Dean having held his hand for almost the entire drive.
“Sam tutored me and I think I’ve gained excellent hacking skills. I’m also pretty confident I know more about computers now than you do,” he said, back in his annoyed tone.
“This is all so messed up,” Dean says, scribbling absently on his drawing. “Nothing ever happens here.”
This wasn’t meant to happen. Fate just chose to fuck with him and put him on a boat together with Castiel and their new mystery boss and then everything fell apart all over again.
“I’m sure they didn’t cause you distress on purpose.” He put a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Love, even more romantic love, has always been a mystery that’s not easy to get behind.”
Dean can move again and hurries to get Lucy away from him. In the process he picks up Cas’s angel blade from the floor.
Lucy shies away when she sees it first but a moment later Sam is on his back, Lucy hovering over him, her claws ready and about to poke at his eyes.
“My toiletry kit. Bathroom,” he gasped and Cas groaned in response, lifting himself off the mattress and hurrying to get it.
“Dean Winchester!” the person outside his house calls. It’s Sheriff Mills. He had completely forgotten about her.
“Can we please open our eyes?” Dean asks instead. He thinks it’s better not to ask why he isn’t just doing so.
Several more people have come but Dean is not sure if they all work or live here or if they are other guests. They all speak Spanish, though, and they’re talking quite fast and Cas has given up on pretending that he’s actually able to follow.
“Dean, at least think about!” Cas calls after him but Dean closes the door behind him without an answer and Cas finds it’s better to forget about his fraudulent husband’s mood swings for now and get back to work.
“Anyway,” she says, “thanks for the gossip. I miss that—just you and I, judging people and talking shit.” Her words make him laugh.
Footsteps behind them make Dean shut the book with a clap that echoes through the aisles. He takes a shivering breath and looks over his shoulder. Two men have joined them in the otherwise empty library. Dean doesn’t know them. Quickly, he puts the book back in its place and gestures Cas to follow. The taller one of the two men, the one without a beard, almost crashes into him as he walks with his eyes focused on the book in his hand. “Oh, excuse me,” he says, when he notices Dean meeting him in the narrow aisle. He’s British.
When Dean got home later, he basically ran up to the house from his car. He had made a brief stop at the drugstore to buy a bottle of lube and noticed that Cas hadn’t returned from the center yet but had texted him he was going to be there in thirty minutes. Dean used the time to have a nice hot shower and clean himself properly.
For a split second he could have sworn to see a sparkle in the angel’s eyes until he noticed that the sun had finally come out on this cloudy day and was now illuminating the statue in an eerie way, like God was giving him a nod from above.
Cas ignores his comment. “Yes, Linda, please meet my husband, Dean. Dean, this is Linda Tran who I’ve been telling you so much about and who I owe this great opportunity to.”
Michael. Bodies moving to the thrumming beat, tight shirts clinging to sweaty skin, the room packed with people. Still, everyone just has eyes for Michael.
In the evening, after closing up the shop, he stops by at Sammy’s place. He called the clinic to make sure he wasn’t working tonight so that they could have a talk.
His mother followed his voice into the hallway, Dean going after her. “John, keep it down. Sam’s already asleep.”
“Not yet,” Michael said. “But as you know I’ll start my new job next month and you can be sure that my first paycheck will be invested in a really nice piece of jewelry.” He raised Meg’s left hand to his mouth and kissed her ring finger which caused her to smile sheepishly.
and not because I thought your brother was gay.” She gave him a serious look, then she walked over to Cas and folded her arms around his back. “We love you, no matter what,
He almost jumped on the bed when he returned with the bottle in his hand, straddled Dean’s legs and quickly squeezed some on his fingers. He still didn’t pull off the panties when he began to finger Dean who let out a pleased hum at the contact on his rim.
“No, I… It’s okay,” Cas said, finally being able to look at Dean. Then he continued, fidgeting with his fingers in his lap, “We haven’t exactly, I mean, we have never…”
Sam asks Cas a lot of questions on their ride home. What Asmodeus wanted from him, how long he’s been held captive, how Lucifer returned and what he told Cas about Mary.
“What about that time you drove me to the clinic on your handlebar after I broke my arm? You almost got us killed.”
Cas nodded again, with more purpose this time, and nuzzled his face against Dean’s collarbone, uttering little sighs. Dean carded one hand through his hair, the other scratched soothingly up and down his friend’s back.
“No, just taking a refreshing night walk along the beach. Crisp air filled with the marvelous scent of the ocean—it’s the most wonderful thing, isn’t it?”
Cas anticipates the worst and as it turns out he’s got every right to do so. Like it’s nothing, his ex-wife informs him she and Claire are going to spend Thanksgiving with her parents. Her mother is sick and will be recovering from surgery during the holidays—thanks for telling him about that—and she won’t be able to come here like they usually do. Castiel, of course, is not invited, because, naturally, that would be weird.
As they cross the bridge out of town, Dean realizes he hasn’t really got a plan. They’re not equipped for a hike and the purpose of this excursion was a leisure walk, an hour or two maximum. Dean might be getting down with a cold after his near-experience in the chilly ocean today and he should rather not strain himself. And Castiel—Dean isn’t even sure his shoes fit him properly, although he hasn’t complained yet.
That was a really good question. He had spent so much time getting through to Dean that he had forgotten to prepare a good explanation for his call. “Uh, well. I’m in town, actually.”
Dean is still panting when he pulls his pants back up and tucks everything in to where it belongs. He’s moving out of the way so Cas can unlock the door and squeeze through the crack. Dean remains in the stall for a few moments to steady himself. When he, too, gets out, Cas is washing his hands and takes a mouthful of water, gargles and spits.
“Interesting. There’s a lot to think about and discuss all the time,” Cas said and smiled at him shyly. “I’m also taking Religious Studies.”
“Well,” Dean says, crossing his arms over his chest. “He’s not from here. He’s never been to…the Pacific Northwest before. So I’m showing him around town.”
When he gets home, Cas hears voices from the living room. He stayed longer than necessary at the studio tonight. To practice, he said. But he didn’t, not really. He prefers his own piano in his own home but today he was scared to go home.  Lying to his friends was surprisingly easy, but lying to Sam is something else. Cas knows how much Dean loves his brother and how bad he feels for not being honest with him about the nature of their marriage.
“Well, long story short, turns out the naked guy I picked off the beach is real-life merman who just happens to grow legs from time to time. I took him in and promised to teach him about the human way of life.”
“With you leading, there can’t go anything wrong,” Dean says and at the count of 5-6-7-8, Cas gives him a slight push and they’re dancing, just like Balthazar and Anna have taught them.
At least he didn’t have to worry about Meg having to face a creep like him right now. Oh, he missed her.
Dean takes a deep breath. Everything’s fine now. He found a job, he later got his GED and eventually he was able to start his own business. And he got Sammy through college.
Admittedly, Cas is a cool guy, he’s easy to be around, is very talented when it comes to woo—carpentry. He’s not ugly, though, Dean wouldn’t deny that…but that’s spoken from an objective point of view.
Dean bites his lip. He’s got the best mom ever. “Deal,” he says and shakes her hand before pulling her into a hug.
“Yes, the body shows textbook empty heart syndrome which is a typical sign for that kind of incident. I can’t tell you what caused it, though. Maybe she touched something and the police overlooked it, like, a latex glove for instance.”
Ketch sighs and puts money and wallet back into his pocket. “A pity,” he says. “Though, admittedly, I’d rather have the model anyway.” His eyes darken, followed by a predatory reveal of his teeth.
His mother wanted to make sure they were coming in the evening tomorrow and staying to see the baby the day after that. She also told him that Hannah was going to be there, too, and she even asked if they would stay in the guest room as usual or if they preferred a hotel. Of course, Cas said, they’d sleep at the house, as always and his mother was glad to hear that. “I’ve missed my boys,” she said before they said goodbye and hung up.
It’s still dark. The early morning air is fresh, the airflow tingling his face. They reach Cas’s house first. Dean’s is two blocks over. The house sits quiet, all lights off. A good sign that nobody has noticed his absence yet.
“You sure you can zap all four of us at once, kid?” Dean asks Jack. He has already ensured them he can do it but Dean is still a bit wary when it comes to angelic transportation. But he’ll accept a little constipation if he can go to Hawaii without spending a few hours in a flying death machine from hell.
“There’s the thing,” Dean says and sets the cups on the table, on after another, “Cas has had this accident. He doesn’t remember much.” He fills Missouri’s cup first, then Cas’s. “I’m taking care of him for a while, until he gets better.”
“Uh huh.” That was the only answer Dean was capable off. It was obviously enough for Gunnar who leaned in and kissed him.
“Bye, Dean! See you later,” he called and Dean briefly waved his hand without looking up from his computer.
“Why not? If you’re talking about money, I wasn’t exactly referring to Ivy League. Just take a few courses at a community college or so. I may be willing to help you out with the fees.”
“Listen, I didn’t mean to offend you or anything. It’s like I said,” Benny says, proceeding to go back outside to signal him the conversation is over.
“You boys are too perfect,” Balthazar says. “Anyway, you made me think, Dean. If you really like the stage design so much, would you maybe later like to take a small tour backstage?”
His hand moves lower, sneaking around to Cas’s back, and pulls the shirt out of his slacks so he is finally able to touch skin.
Who was he kidding…this obviously was a huge understatement. He had made a 180 degree turn by giving up his diaconate, coming to Kansas City and moving in with Dean. He was living as a civilian again and he was in a romantic relationship with his best friend who also happened to be the love of his life. The circumstances completely differed from what they had been not even three months ago.
Dean nods slightly. Of course Sam’s right. If he hadn’t called for help, Dean would be dead and Ketch would have taken off with Cas to do god knows what to him.
Two months have passed since his encounter with the government officials. They’re probably waiting for them to forget about being on their radar and letting down their guard but that’s not going to happen. Cas knows they’re coming. The only thing he doesn’t know is when.
“Relax, Cas. Don’t be afraid,” Dean says and reaches over to take Cas’s reins. “I’ll ride with you for a while,” he says and then both their horses start moving parallel to each other.
Cas began to grind down against Dean’s croth and felt his boyfriend harden in his pajamas. “Although we have time…I don’t think we can, ah, go all the way this time,” Cas panted. “I’m afraid we’re lacking the proper utensils.”
“Yes,” Dean says. His hands find the back of Cas’s head, fingers combing through his hair, and pulls him close into a kiss. He withdraws just slightly then, looking Cas in the eye. He wants to say so much but he can’t.
Dean chuckles. “Don’t worry. He’s probably amused by all the attention he’s getting. But he’s very devoted to his girlfriend—fiancée, actually. Your friend doesn’t stand a chance against her.”
“I wouldn’t say that.” Dean’s heart makes a backflip in his chest but he doesn’t dare to move and continues to stare out into forest as well. “I think I’ve been in love with the idea of humanity for quite some time, my curiosity never satisfied. I always felt like there was more to it but to understand I had to get closer and I’ve been too afraid to do so, up until recently.” His heart sinks into his stomach. This is not what he expected to hear. So vain of him to think the merman would fall for the first human he meets. And what kind of hypocrite is he even. He’s in love with an idea as well, with the idea of mermen being real and magic and fairy tales.
“Fuck, Dean,” Aaron cried out when Dean’s lips closed around his cock. Dean had never done this before but apparently Aaron didn’t notice and gently, but with determination to keep Dean where he was, carded a hand through his hair. He was grateful Aaron warned him in time before he came and didn’t make him swallow as he wasn’t so sure he would have made it without choking.
“Thanks for offering, but I don’t want that. I don’t want to cause you any more trouble and I just want to leave all this behind me.” He opened a desk drawer and retrieved an envelope. “Here, this is a letter in which I’m expressing my reasons for resigning. I’ll be leaving in two days. I’m sorry, Father.”
“Max won a competition dressed up as Beyoncé? You mean he walked on stage in a tight black bodysuit?”
“I feel like my head is already too stuffed to fit more…stuff in it. It’s full, Cas. Exploding!” She reenacted the supposed explosion with her hands. “Poof. I’m dead.”
Okay. This explained a lot. Dean still felt some kind of disappointment. On the plus side, though, he had a picture of sleepy Cas now. Maybe Gabriel wasn’t that bad after all.
Apart from the chilling statue, though, Dean was grateful that Bobby risked a fight with his friend to give the boy some closure.
“This is not for me, like I said. I haven’t started drinking,” he tells her in an urgent tone. “And please refrain from mentioning such allegations to your mom.”
“No, I… I’ll be fine. Let’s just eat dinner now and have a nice Christmas Eve. It’s all gonna work out,” he said. At least for now he didn’t want to think about Dean but for a moment he wondered what he would be doing right now. He took a long breath and pushed the thought back into a corner of his mind.
“We were both drunk but still you were so considerate and gentle. I wouldn’t have wanted to experience this with anyone but you.”
Sam likes him, he thinks. Which is great because Cas has become rather fond of him as well. On the other hand, this is rather unfortunate considering where he and his brother are headed relationship-wise and that he probably won’t ever see Sam again.
“Of course I have,” Missouri says, shaking her head. “Did you really think a business like this can survive on a few regulars and summer tourists only? My granddaughter set it up for me two years ago,” to Cas, “she’s studying computers, you know.”
“Not the most pleasant place I can think of,” Ketch chuckles. “Your precious little merman will turn eventually, reveal himself to us and when he can neither run nor swim away, we’re coming to get him. When you come to, Dean, he’ll be gone. No evidence left that he ever existed beyond your imagination.”
Dean’s face falls. Obviously, he hadn’t thought of this yet. “Oh, right, um… Cas, listen, I don’t think I’m ready to come out to them just yet and I think this would be too much for one day and—”
The weekend had brought so many weird but also exciting developments. His best friend had gotten married; he had seen Cas again and for a moment he had thought he’d still be in love with him; now he was about to ask his girlfriend to move in with him.
Afterwards, they’re being guided into a hall that’s filled with huge steel tanks, pipeage meandering across the ceiling and leading into walls and vessels. It’s cold in here and Cas realizes he forgot to bring a coat.
“Hello, Charlie,” he says. They’ve loosely stayed in touch since his first time on board. “It’s good to see you again.”
“The first time, I guess… I couldn’t have known when or if I’d change back. My memory is very faint, though, in this regard.” Then, after a pause, he says, “I have made my peace with it. I’m even looking forward to the next cycle now. I get very excited, plan out all the things I want to do, convince myself that I will be more daring this time.”
Cas could’ve easily kept him around for longer but he has to go to work after all in the morning and drive Claire to school before that, so it’s only reasonable to turn in soon.
“I’m not really exhibiting. I just keep them out here.” Why would Missouri tell a stranger where he lives?
Dean couldn’t hear what Mrs. Novak was saying on the other end but he caught Cas trying to hold back tears, his bottom lip quivering slightly.
He was laid to rest next to his wife on the graveyard Uncle Bobby had used to take them to and Dean came to the conclusion that it was time for him to cut loose from everything that tied him to Kansas—which, honestly, wasn’t much—and return to his roots.
“Books are stuff too,” Cas pointed out. He had been raised to pursue antimaterialism and not to hoard worldly goods. The books were an exception, but he had gotten around to rather borrow them from the library than to actually buy them. Besides his clothes and things he needed for college he didn’t have many possessions.
The world spins for a moment when they land in an alleyway. Dean lets go of Jack’s hand and tries to breathe. “I’ll never get used to this,” he wheezes. “So,” he says, still gasping, “where’s the beach?”
” Cas wasn’t mad, Dean realized that. He kept smiling as he returned his attention to the TV, quickly looked back at Dean and in that brief moment Dean first noticed how blue Cas’s eyes were. He was actually really pretty.
The men don’t talk with each other, obviously, and when they’ve eaten up, Athena sends them to pack their stuff and get ready to leave.
“Well, I didn’t exactly ask her before I got it but she thinks it’s cool,” says another voice which appears much closer than Cas’s.
Dean started with simply wringing the soaked cloth out on his shoulders, letting the warm water pour down over the skin on his back, fighting back the gooseflesh Cas had gotten there from obviously being cold, like Dean had assumed. Then he altered his efforts to rubbing the washcloth over Cas’s back while applying firm pressure, feeling tense muscles ease through the wet fabric under his fingers. Afterwards he briefly repeated the first step and then gently proceeded to dab the cloth along Cas’s neck, shoulders and arms. Cas didn’t really react to any of the contact, only let it happen but Dean hoped it would do him good.
“Well, I really liked the stage design,” Dean says, followed by a small laugh at the sight of Balthazar’s face.
Dr. Lundberg leads them into the morgue and pulls the teen’s bodies out of their respective cold chambers.
“Because he reserved tickets for the both of us and since we’re married and do what married people do, like going out together, we’re both coming.”
Dean doesn’t even get to argue with her. In no time she’s gathered a few items and ushers him towards the dressing rooms. The jeans she picked are really tight but he’s got to admit they actually look kinda good. He tries on the first shirt and feels slightly strange when he looks into the mirror.
Cas can’t keep his hips still and tries to meet him halfway as good as possible but it’s not enough. Dean’s already a work of art, smooth edges everywhere, perfect skin, pure indulgence to watch but Cas is greedy. He wants it all. Now or never.
It’s almost cute how Dean seems genuinely afraid of his answer. “Not, I’m not a vegetarian, Dean. Steak is fine.”
Of course, it is. Why wouldn’t it be? The monster’s dead and nobody got seriously hurt. It’s as good as it gets.
“Bye,” she says, slams the door shut and Cas laughs, waving her goodbye through the windshield. He waits until she’s inside the house and has the door locked behind her. Then he restarts the engine and drives off. This was exactly what he needed to lighten up his mood.
They sit there for a while until Meg announces she’s bored. “How do we get down?” he realizes with sudden terror.
“I’m a carpenter. I specialize in custom furniture and interior design. I also do quite a lot of wood carvings.”
“You just use one of those sticks to slide one of the discs into one of those fields. The number it lands on is the points you get, I assume.”
Then, without a warning, Dean comes to a halt. He stares at him as his hands leave Cas’s body and trail down to his belt buckle instead.
“No,” Cas repeats firmly. “Maybe something happens in the room while you’re gone.” He raises both eyebrows, purses his lips and tilts his head slightly.
“You know, when I received the wedding invitation, I was about to decline,” Cas started. “I mean, my job doesn’t really allow me to just head off and go to a party. Let alone one that doesn’t involve my actual family. I informed Charlie about my concerns and that I probably wouldn’t be able to make it anyway. In my position I have to be on call pretty much 24/7. She then confided that she’d had second thoughts about including me on the guest list because of you.”
“Dean, I love you. Nothing in my life has ever been as important to me as you are. I would give up more than my tail and my magic if it meant getting to be with you.”
Cas was breathing heavily across from him. And then, fuck yes, finally, he thrust down the textile that’s been shielding him from Dean’s greedy gaze. “Dean, you feel so good, yeah, god, Dean, touch me, touch me!” He was practically yelling and Dean’s eyes, formerly fixed on Cas’s throbbing dick, snapped up to Cas’s pleading look, realizing this wasn’t part of the fantasy any longer and Dean sped out of the recliner, over to the couch where Cas was desperate for his contact. Dean crushed into him, kissed him like a man starving, bringing their dicks together and clasping them with one hand, and worked his hand almost violently until they were both panting messes, coming all over Dean’s hand and Cas’s stomach.
- might be upsetting for anyone who has ever heard the question "and what are you gonna do with that?"
“You’re right, I know that. This whole thing still sucks. I mean, we could’ve made the most of the time we had left.”
Cas may still have his difficulties with social cues and human emotions but he is not stupid. He’s very well aware that there’s something simmering inside both of them, something strong and beautiful, only waiting for the barriers keeping it locked inside to burst and to finally become…
Anyway, now that he’s gotten this story off his chest, he’s actually able to listen to what Benjamin is saying and to enjoy the company.
“You weren’t breathing and then…the panties…I burned them. You still weren’t breathing. I had to reanimate you.” Cas was panting, the anxiety only slowly draining from his body.
To be honest, Cas had hoped Dean would let him stay over at his place but of course that’s too much to ask. He’s already caused his neighbor enough trouble by alerting him this way late on a weekday and he’s an awful person for wanting the whole hand when he’s being offered a finger.
Cas winces at the cruel brightness of the bathroom lamp stinging in his eyeballs. He realizes he’s walked in here barefoot and the cold tiles are assaulting his feet while he reliefs himself. He’s sure he can feel the temperature drop with every second he’s in here and when he washes his hands afterwards he could swear he’s seeing his breath form tiny clouds as it’s leaving his mouth. Then the lights begin to flicker and Cas regrets ever signing the lease to this house. The fluorescent lamp over the mirror makes one last weak attempt to stay on before it dies for good, leaving Cas surrounded by darkness.
Cas groans as he rolls out of bed. He’s ready to berate Claire for staying up so late and disturbing his sleep with that awful music again but when he gets near her room he can’t actually hear the beat that caused him distress. Carefully, he cracks the door open, being startled by the creak the hinges make, only to find his daughter sound asleep.
The door breaks and Billie is sucked into the room by the dark force that is the Empty. Dean keeps running, right into Cas and knocking them both to the floor, while Michael has burst into a white light, holding off the black goo that’s coming from the whole in the wall. Dean’s other self has disappeared or he is him now but he still remembers what just happened in the future. The metaphysics of time travel will forever be a mystery to him.
Dean gasped for air. Did Cas really just compliment him on his appearance? Was he even allowed to do this? “I was also very delighted by the brides’ wedding gowns; beautiful choices. They are so different, yet they fit together perfectly.” Okay, maybe Dean had been reading too much into this. “You can see how much they love each other,” Cas said and looked over to the dance floor were the music had drastically changed and the actual party had started. Dorothy and Charlie were obviously having a good time but Dean wasn’t in the mood for joining them.
“We might come back to you in the next days if there’re more questions we need you to answer. In the meantime you can reach us under this number,” Cas said and handed her his card.
“Hey, Dean.” Jody finds him at the railing, watching the waves advance the descending sun on the horizon.
Marina Ruiz, thirty-five years old, photographer, was found in the middle of her living room, lying face down on the carpet. “The neighbor in the apartment beneath her said he heard some bumping from above during the time she must have died but when it stopped as abruptly as it had started, he didn’t think of it anymore and only recalled the noises when the deputy came to get his statement.”
“Honestly, I have no idea. I don’t even know where I’ll be sleeping tonight. Do you happen to know any cheap hotels around here?”
“She sells underwear. Her store is in the same street as this bar. Ashley dragged me in there once to show me what she wanted as a gift for Valentine’s Day. I suppose she was a regular customer there. I haven’t been in there since. Why would I? I’m not some kind of pervert or anything.”
“Cas, please, and cheers,” he says and does as he’s told although he’s still not comfortable with this.
“I should be content with what I have,” Castiel says, “but my world is getting smaller and smaller. Things have been changing for quite a while. There is no place for someone like me in a world like this anymore.”
“Yeah, for our own safety,” Dean agreed, chuckling along with him. “Hey Cas,” he said after a while.
Dean looks at Cas. He doesn’t want to be rude but he also really wants to have another beverage. Gladly, Cas gives him a slight nod and says, “Dean is more of a beer guy, Balt.”
Then he took to elevator down to the front desk, checked out and brought everything to his car. When he was driving home, he thought it was probably time to ultimately fill the hole Cas had left in his heart and what better way to do this was there than asking his girlfriend to take the next step in their relationship. He was certain the right time had come; he would finally ask Cassie to move into his house. And who knew what kind of strange ideas concerning a certain person he might be having, should he continue living on his own.
He lets out a shaky breath and kisses the top of Cas’s head. “We need to get out of here,” he says, “before it’s too late.” The sun is descending at a threatening rate. He lets go of Cas and runs over to the window facing the back yard. Nobody is there. He walks to the back door, carefully unlocking it and sneaking a glance through the crack. It looks like they’re in the clear, escaping out the back. But they can’t cross the property line. Maybe Ketch was bluffing but Dean isn’t going to risk that, not with Cas’s life being at stake.
Cas whimpered, pushing his face into his sleeping bag and Dean kept cackling. “Why are you laughing? This is not funny,” Cas wailed in distress.
The noise of an empty can hitting the ground somewhere behind him makes Cas jerk his head around, cold sweat prickling on his back as he watches it roll out from under one of the containers, his heartbeat thrumming in his ears.
Sam’s responding look is all confusion. “The Empty? What, how? I thought the Empty couldn’t enter this world unless—”
After a moment of shock, Cas lets out a long breath through his nose. He can’t believe this is happening. He doesn’t understand
They have breakfast at the same place as the day before and while they wait for their food, Sam books them a log cabin in Wild River State Park, not far from here, where there’s hopefully not too many people around this time of year so they can kill a saint gone wild without disturbance.
“We know, Sam,” Alicia says, stroking his arm over the table. “And we love you and admire everything you do for your career.”
Cas glanced over into the living room where the core of the party was based. “I’m not a good dancer,” he replied.
“It worked for our victims,” Sam states. “But it’s probably for the best we do this tomorrow and some other place than a motel room.”
“No, I mean, for example, are you with someone at the moment?” Was Cas seriously asking if he was single?
The officer bent down so he had a better view inside the vehicle. “Dean? What are you doing in this car?”
His path is leading him through quiet, narrow alleys. They’re bordered by one- and two-story houses, several with nicely ornamented facades. On every other corner there’s a bar, it seems, and Cas wonders what it would be like to walk here in the nighttime. There’s probably music, people talking outside, having a good time, maybe dancing with each other, very likely tango, and for a second Cas has a quite vivid picture in his head of himself making good use of what he’s learned from Balthazar and Anna but the person in his arms is not an attractive local, it’s—
Cas sits on the pebbled ground and Dean follows suit. The cloudless sky is tinted in a soft orange, streaks of pink and lavender here and there. They’re wrapped in gentle light, contend. Almost. Dean wishes this moment could last forever. There’s still so much to say but he doesn’t want to disturb the peace. Cas’s gaze is focused on the horizon, watching the sun go down, hovering over the waterline and when it begins to disappear behind the horizon, he rises to his feet, taking off the sweater first, then the T-shirt. Dean does his best not to watch him. He’s no voyeur. But he can’t help it. He’s greedy for every second he has Cas around, where he can look at him, imprinting his image in his mind so he won’t ever forget what this beautiful creature looked like. Cas slips out of his shoes, the jeans come off next and, apparently, he’s been going commando all along. Of course he has. It’s not like anyone would have provided him with underwear. When Dean first gave him things to dress in, he didn’t think the stranger would appreciate worn boxers and neither did Dean feel like lending him a pair of his.
“Ah, Cas, come on. We could take the Impala, you know, like in the old days. You drive one part of the route, I’ll do the rest. Road trip! Huh, what do you say?”
“Oh, she’s fine. But at the end of her first term she decided to move back to Sioux Falls when she was offered the position there.”
Dean gently splayed a hand on his lower back. “Oh,” Cas exhaled. “Okay, um, Meg, this is my friend Dean.”
“The color always looks different in a picture than it does in person. And don’t you want it to be a surprise?”
“Come on, Cas, you know. There’s this thing between us. And I’m not just talking about the making out in the tent.”
After a shaky inhale that Dean doesn’t really know what to make of, bracing himself for another round of criticism, Cas slightly shakes his head and says, “That’ll do. Now hurry up, I don’t want us to be late.”
When Dean is putting their plates into the sink, the man takes an interest in Dean’s workspace. He closely studies a piece of his Cthulhu series on the wall—one of Dean’s personal favorites—and then catches his eyes, smiling.
“I miss you,” he said, pressed two fingers against his lips and then onto the cold stone. “I have to go now.”
After she had sufficiently hugged everyone else around, Mary directed her attention towards Cas. “Castiel, welcome back! It’s so nice to have you here again.”
Considering the circumstances, these trips were kind of enjoyable for Dean. The only thing he didn’t like about the cemetery was the creepy statue not far from his mother’s grave. He tended to apply a spring to his step to move on faster every time they passed the stone angel.
“That’s actually a great idea, Dean. I’ll think of something.” Perhaps Hannah’s recommendation wasn’t so bad after all.
Cas inhaled deeply through his nose. “I wouldn’t do that to him, Charlie. Not again. My decision is final, I won’t be going back.” About the other thing he wasn’t so sure. He hadn’t really thought about it, actually. They had been reunited for only a week and Cas was still mentally stuck in the certainty of never being able to have a romantic partner that came along with joining the clergy. Even if Dean would have liked to be with him like this—and Cas was almost certain he wouldn’t—he was not ready to even think about being in a relationship. He had made his peace with being on his own forever…at least that’s what he’d used to tell himself.
There’s no point in discussing this with Ketch, no sense to talk into him. Dean goes back to the bedroom. Cas has been standing behind the door.
“Or did Ashley or Marina mention seeing something weird or did they hear strange noises that sounded like rabid dogs maybe?” Dean added and he didn’t need to see it to know that Cas was currently rolling his eyes.
“Hello?” The night remains silent save for a car driving by on the street. Even the movements in the trashcan have stopped. “This isn’t funny.” His voice wavers slightly as he approaches the dark corner.
He’s still holding that awful book but he’s made notable progress, judging from the pages still left to read.
Dean needed some extra time to come down and was still naked when Aaron was already fully dressed again.
“Yes, I’m… Well, actually I’m not surprised. There have always been people like Zeke in my church. I just wasn’t aware he happens to be one of those.”
Two songs later they eventually stop their public make-out session, faces red from flush and beard burn, lips swollen, and as soon as they’ve left the dance floor, Tall Guy pulls Michael in the tightest hug ever, only barely holding back tears. Michael looks away shyly after they’ve separated but the nerdy girl high-fives him and playfully punches Cas’s shoulder and gives both of them a hug as well. They seem to come to the conclusion that it’s time to go but Michael gestures the others to walk ahead so he and Cas form the tail end of their group and when everyone’s back is turned on them, he slips his hand into Cas’s.
“Yeah,” he wiped his eyes with the back of his hands. “Don’t worry about me. I’m happy you found love,” he said, trying to sound sincere. “I’ll go now.”
Without a second thought, Cas takes it and rises onto his feet. “The last glass of champagne might’ve been too much,” he says and Dean muses that his pronunciation just sounded like when they first met.
He didn’t expect Cas to push him against the nearest wall a second later, hard enough for the hand dryer to go off next to them.
Cas sets a cup in front of him and after the first swallow starts to warm him from the inside, he says, “Sam up yet?”
“Here you go,” Benny says as he puts the drinks in front of them, “a special for the gentleman and a Shirley Temple for the lady.”
“Well, my mom died, too. And my dad, after she was gone, he tried…at least that’s what I’m telling myself. I mean, Sammy turned out just fine.”
“I’m gonna miss you so much,” Aaron said. And although Dean felt the same way, he couldn’t say it back. He wasn’t allowed to say it back. He didn’t say anything. Without looking Aaron in the eye one last time, he opened the door to the boy’s bathroom and dropped the letter into the trash. He knew how the words were to be interpreted.
He had still some time before he had to get up and prepare himself for the day but he didn’t bother with trying to fall back asleep. As he lay there, in the dark, he recalled Charlie and Dorothy’s wedding, how beautiful and joyful the brides had been. Actually, he’d been anxiously anticipating the day for months. Sure, the chances that he would be getting to go there had been rather low but thanks to Father Jim he had eventually gotten to see his friends getting married with his own eyes. He had warned Cas that he might be getting into serious trouble for heading off for reasons of enjoyment, let alone a gay wedding, but he had covered for the young deacon nevertheless.
Cas is feeling like he can’t handle this on his own anymore. He needs someone to talk to but the only person he wants to talk to, who he always wants to talk to—who he actually
He steps onto the gangway, along with many other people. It’s crowded in the small building that he has to traverse to leave the port. It contains a tourist information and a few snack and souvenir shops, but Cas isn’t interested in any of these, and eventually he reaches an open area next to a broad street where he finds a bus stop. He already knows which bus line he has to take but asks the driver anyway when he hops onto the bus to make sure he’s right. His Spanish is good enough for this, luckily. He wouldn’t have remembered much from his classes in school but last year the police department offered courses for their officers and Cas was very motivated to refresh his knowledge. Mostly, the vocabulary was work-related but they also learned a few useful things for vacation.
“I know, Cas. Thank you. But I really wanted to. You’re a great guy,” he says and they’re both smiling like idiots. “And you’re fucking hot,” Dean adds and he can’t believe how fast Cas’s face turns red. He leans forward to heal his blush with a kiss and then they clean up and proceed to put their clothes back on.
Dean reached over with his right hand to rub Cas’s thigh but his attempt at soothing him was only slightly helpful. “I have an idea,” Dean said as he realized that Cas was still pretty tense. He left the interstate somewhere in the outskirts of St. Louis and found a remote spot off the road.
“Depends,” Cas says, steers Sam’s fingers to the right spot. “But this piece requires exceeding use of these, that’s true.”
“She’s totally making this up, Sammy. That’s absolutely not how I talk about you,” Dean lied. “You’re a nerd and a pain in the ass.”
“And you think it’ll be okay to see him more often in the future? I don’t expect you to hang out with him or anything, but maybe to come over for lunch sometime when he’s also here.”
Cas frowned but looked out to the vastness of sky across the sea where the dusk light painted the water orange. Then it dawned on him. He was certain he hadn’t been here before, yet everything looked so familiar.
Cas runs into him when Annabel’s sudden bark makes him stop dead in his tracks and he’s so scared he just wants to pull Dean close but then Sam has found a light switch and the room goes bright.
Cas hesitates for a second, looking at him wide-eyed, but then he quickly slips out of his plaid and pulls the T-shirt over his head. Dean chokes a little when he sees him. His brain functions have slowed down and a moment passes before Dean buries his face in Cas’s neck, trailing kisses down along his collarbone all the while his hands try to touch as much as possible, exploring the feel of Cas’s bare sides, his pecs.
“You don’t have to lie, you know. You can just tell me to my face if you want me off your bum. Not like in high school,” she says, pouting.
He’s watching Jack pat an orange cat on the head like it’s the most adorable sight ever. It purrs in response and rubs the length of its body against the boy’s leg until Dean grabs his arm and pulls him away. “Ew, Jack, its unsanitary to touch stray animals. They carry disease.”
“Well, yes. Some of those working at his center, my friend Tessa in particular. We’ve also had her and her boyfriend over for dinner at Dean’s house. And I’ve also had coffee with a couple I met at one of his services. They’re really nice people.”
Cas looked up from the stack of papers and noticed the concerned expression on his colleague’s face. He glanced up at the envelope in the priest’s hand, recognizing the design.
“I could just leave the country of my own free will. It’s not like I’d end up a political prisoner back in Poland. I’d just wait a few months and come back here. I’ll figure something out. But you…you’d be homeless. Penniless. You’d have to go back to Kansas and admit that you’ve failed. Do you want that?”
He turned his back to the statue and closed his eyes. It was early April and it felt good to feel the sun’s warmth again after the latest stretch of cold and dark days.
