“No, no, she hasn’t. I was actually hoping that you could answer a few questions for me about her disappearance.”
“Of course not,” Sherlock said, dismissing it with a wave of his hand, “because the Agra treasure is a symbol of one of the greatest failures of British rule, and one of the best-kept secrets in intelligence. I had to go to great lengths to find out any information on it, and it took years of finding the right people and gathering data.
Anna giggled, unable to help herself. “You bastard.”
if he were dead?” she sneered. “I’m pretty sure he thinks
“Yeah? And what did you tell him? That I’m having a brilliant time, back at 221B, free as a bird and solving crimes with my best mate?”
said the voice.
“No, you clot,” John continued, abandoning the sarcasm. “We can see the whole bloody road, didn’t I
, she reasoned.
The lights were out in her flat, so Sherlock suggested they visit her tomorrow. Anyway, judging by her reaction when
“Sorry?”
Where
you.”
“When? When was the last time you had a
“Apology not accepted.”
As soon as they were out in the hallway, Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him into the nearby stairwell. “Sherlock!” John gasped, not expecting it. “What are you—“ Sherlock ignored him and hurried down the stairs, towing him behind. They went down two floors and then through a door, into a dimly-lit hallway. “Where are we going?” John asked, bewildered. “Sherlock?”
“I mean, you were born into a family of killers, Anna. Your mother, well, obviously…. And John, he’d killed in the war, and afterward, too. And Sherlock, he’s done as well, did you know that?”
Sherlock had planned to use the time alone to deduce. He first needed to figure out why John was alive; that was the present problem. He reasoned that if Moriarty hadn’t killed John, he certainly wouldn’t kill Anna, so Sherlock could assume her safe for the time being…
“John, take the wheel,” said Mycroft, his voice shrill and hoarse. John did, while still managing to keep his gun aimed, and Mycroft stepped into the opposite boat. Mary didn’t look at him as he handcuffed her and forced her to sit in her seat, pointing his own gun at her face. “One move, Mary, one sudden move, and that’s all I’ll need to blow you to kingdom come, even in front of your daughter. And
“You’re scared,” he said, finally, in a quiet voice. “I get it. I’m scared too.”
John laughed. “I liked your parents. A lot. And no, I’m not embarrassed of them, I just…”
Sherlock shook his head. “Well, brother, unfortunately for us both, that’s not true.” He told him about the threat they’d received at the morgue.
“He’s in my band, remember?” Anna snapped.
“I told her,” John interrupted.
he thundered, shaking her.
She chuckled. “Of course I do. Who else would?”
Reflecting back on it, she was clearly trying to come up with an outrageous condition that would have no danger of becoming a reality. In her mind, sixteen year old boys were either scared of love, or they would only really say it if they meant it. Which, by the way, clearly illustrates the ignorance of teenage girls regarding teenage boys. Because, like any
Her smirk grew wider. “My urges.”
she thought to herself.
, I presume,” Sherlock snarled. He noticed, seeing David without a shirt, that though the boy was small for his age, his muscles were much too developed for a thirteen- or fourteen- year-old. He was eighteen at least, probably older. Sherlock felt sick. He bent his head so close to the boy’s ear that his lips touched it as he growled: “Do you know what I do for a living, David? I cut up people’s
“John, please. Let’s try to curb the language in front of your daughter, shall we?”
John glared at him. “Right. Well, I’ll just go get my things and be out of your life.” He turned on his heel and stomped toward Sherlock’s bedroom.
want to be there. He wanted to be with you.”
John blinked and looked around the corners of the ceiling. “I… I don’t know what you’re…”
small talk.
a weaker, sentimental being? Was this—was it more than just sexual attraction?
John pounced on his phone as soon as it rang. “Greg?”
list of questions he should be asking right now. Sherlock had seemed to wake up, then. He pulled up his pants and grabbed the towel and fled the scene faster than John would have thought possible. John just stood there, blinking, before turning on his heel and following after.
“Say ‘hi’ to your papa,” said Sherlock to Anna. But even saying that was upsetting, because of course John wasn’t her real “papa.” Sherlock wished he were. And he wished that John was here, helping to raise the girl, trading off with Sherlock on being up with her nights and wiping up excrement and mashing endless amounts of over-cooked peas. He wished that Anna was poking John in the head right now instead of him. He imagined John’s face, lips clamped together, staring straight ahead, trying to ignore the baby’s sharp fingernail on his skull. He and Sherlock would catch each other’s eye as Anna kept poking and poking, and John would say something like “I’m going to kill her,” and Sherlock would smile (with his eyes only) and say, “No, you’re not.” John would sigh and turn to catch Anna’s finger and say “No, I’m not” as she squirmed away, giggling, and all three of them would be intoxicated by their happiness.
” sound with his mouth in an “O” and his eyes go wide with surprise. “Open up,” I say, arranging my knees on either side of his head.
John and Molly shared a worried look. “Sherlock,” John said, softly, “not everything has to be a clue. Those probably just happened to be the bodies in the van when she went to load the girl on.”
John’s expression began to grow cross as he realized he was not going to get the response he wanted. “Look, we got off on the wrong foot earlier. It wasn’t… I was just trying to make it like it should have been. We should have been… you know… bloody
John nodded in shame. “I know,” he said, pathetically. “But you’re here, now, and I thought… Christ, Sherlock, there’s never been a good time. I’ve wanted to say this stuff for years, but there was never a good time.”
That’s what she was going to do.
Mycroft stopped moving and gazed at him, as if he could see directly through his petulance. “You know as well as I do the reason for that.” He sat back and picked at his fingernails, expanding on it anyway. “
No one said anything.
“Well, she was an orphan before,” Sherlock snapped, not liking the change in John’s attitude. “So ‘child of divorce’ will be an improvement. Besides, we only had sex, we weren't
“Of course I did!”
John was surprised by the sweetness in his voice. “Beautiful? Didn’t you once tell me that ‘beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions’ or something like that?” he joked.
John choked out a laugh through his tears. “Christ,” he swore, wiping his face. “You’re an arsehole, you know that? Just an
“No,” Sherlock said. “No, I don’t want anyone else to… no. Please.”
“John.” Sherlock’s tone gentled. “I didn’t ever believe that Mary killed her own daughter.”
Mary’s eyes grew big as saucers. “For… for how long?” She eyed the boxes in their arms.
John looked up at him. “But don’t you want to find out for sure?”
John peeled himself up onto his forearms and Sherlock shifted a hand from John’s back down to his own groin. As much as John wanted to watch him bring himself off he wanted to do it for him this first time. John rolled to the side off of Sherlock and pushed Sherlock’s hand away and Sherlock whimpered again. “Let me,” said John and unbuttoned Sherlock’s trousers and undid the zip and reached under his pants to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s cock. It was so hard and John didn’t have to do much except for slide up and down and then Sherlock was coming, arching up into John’s hand and coming.
For nearly thirty years Mycroft had helped MI6 searched for the Agra treasure, to no avail. But once Mary popped back up on the radar, he came up with a brilliant plan: to release the key into the world for her to find. The trouble was he couldn’t convince the imbeciles at the government to go along with it. “She’s the only one left who knows where the treasure is hidden,” he’d said, over and over. “We give her the key, we follow her to it. What could be simpler?”
John continued rubbing my wrist long after it was clean. “Are you trying to hold my hand?” I asked, eventually.
Anna stared at him, his words resonating somewhere inside her. She was rather good at lying. She’d always been good at it. Lying to Sherlock, especially, which was a feat accomplished by very few.
Anna blinked, his voice jarring her out of her blank stare. “What?”
. He wasn’t the person you went to when you wanted to solve your problems. He was the person you went to when you wanted to have a good cry. (Not that I, erm, ever did.) He was good at smiling and stroking your hair and holding you in comfy warm embraces while you demonstrated your weakness of human emotion. My mother would have no patience for crying, if you had to cry you had to go to Father, because she couldn’t understand a word you were saying and how the devil was she supposed to help you when you couldn’t even communicate the problem? As I got older and had less need for sobbing, I still went to my father, though not as often, when I just... didn’t want to talk. He has this quiet way about him, his eyes crinkle when he smiles, and he makes you hot cocoa, and talks about the weather, and about his friends cheating at cards during their weekly meet up, and other such meaningless chatter, and I can’t explain it, it’s just so... bloody comforting.
Anna looked around and caught a glimpse of a scrawny wooden table in her periphery, just a few paces back and to the right. A plan quickly formed in her mind. She drew both of her legs up and kicked out as hard as she could; the shock wave sent the attacker stumbling backward a pace. She kicked again. He stumbled back again, and then he tripped and fell backwards—right onto the table. It smashed with a satisfying
“Pardon?”
“No,” Mycroft echoed.
“What will you do with it? You won’t give it to the government, will you?” she asked, suddenly worried. “Sherlock, please, say you won’t give it to them. Please don’t make my entire life, everything I’ve worked for, a waste. Please.”
John felt his lungs tighten. “And he didn’t say what had happened?”
“Good morning, Mrs. Hudson,” he said, taking the tray from her.
, just send me a fucking text so that I know you’re not… I don’t know… chained up in a basement, somewhere!”
Sherlock woke with a start, his arms folded over his chest—must have fallen asleep right after Anna had left. He turned and squinted over to the driver’s seat, where the tapping had come from.
He raised one eyebrow. “And does she know you’re out here?”
“Ready!” announced Anna, dumping three more dolls into the bag.
“John—“
have blood drawn,” Mary told Sherlock, too low for John to hear. “But he won’t let anyone go near her. Get him
“Oh, nothing new really. The occasional case pops up, of course, but nothing at the moment.”
In the morning John could tell that more snow had fallen even before he’d got out of bed. There was a certain silence that accompanied fresh snowfall. John could hear it now. He sat up and folded back the quilt and put on his socks and jeans and a jumper over his vest. He made the bed and then quietly opened the door in case Sherlock was sleeping. He wasn’t though. Instead Sherlock turned his head from where he sat at the table, evidently watching the snow fall over a steaming mug of tea. He saw John and smiled.
The second most bizarre thing was the jealousy. It hit him like a slap in the face, or a punch in the gut, more like. It gripped him and squeezed, hot, flowing through all his veins, burning him from the inside. He supposed he’d been feeling it for a while, had just been ignoring it… but now....
Molly briefly got an image of a worm on a fishing hook and felt her stomach turn. Mycroft had put Anna there, to catch Moriarty... but how was Anna being with Moriarty going to catch him? Hadn’t Mycroft just effectively sent Anna in to be slaughtered? How could he trap Moriarty when his bait had fallen off the hook and right into Moriarty’s mouth?
“I love you, too,” Sherlock said back.
“Mummy’s in that shop, there,” she told him, and pointed down the block.
Claw marks, all the way from his shoulder to his tailbone, down the full length of his spine. “
But then, John had said something yesterday that ignited a spark of epiphany in Sherlock’s brain: “
“A statement, you know… his account of what
John slicked two of his gloved fingers with petroleum jelly and used his dry hand to hold Sherlock’s cheeks apart. It was already awful, there was blood dried up the entire crack, everything was red and raw and incredibly swollen. For a moment, John didn’t think he could do it. He knew it was going to hurt, badly, and he knew that a manual examination was not going to be very productive anyway. Sherlock should go to the hospital, he really, really should.
Next, Anna had a rather fussy night, also refusing to eat. She finally whacked the spoon full of food out of Mary’s hand and into Sherlock’s lap—which wouldn’t have been entirely awful if Sherlock hadn’t then turned to her and cooed, “That’s perfectly alright, Annalise; I don’t want to eat, either.”
“Anna,” said Sherlock, and John watched his face relax into a smile. “She’s tossing it.”
Anna turned around and marched out the door, and Sherlock sighed from the bed. “So,” said John, after clearing his throat. He reached to lay his hand over the detective’s. “How
Sherlock squeezed harder for a second before releasing his brother’s neck. Mycroft fell onto the floor, coughing and gasping. “Tell me where she is.”
“Ugh.” John smacked his palms on his face in exasperation. “How am I supposed to
“John, so glad you rang, you won’t
“Sherlock.”
Molly had to think a second to realize he was responding to her earlier comment. “Send him away.”
“Oh? It’s not?” Mycroft’s lips stretched so thin that he adopted a frightening, alien-like countenance—which is how he always looked when he smiled.
“The… the way I…” John stumbled over the words. “’Torture’ doesn’t seem like the right way to describe it, but I suppose… I wanted him to hurt, because he’d made you hurt.” John’s anger flared. “I’d do it again. I’d do it to anyone who hurt you.”
John felt around his whole body, all of the bruises, examined the cuts on his wrists and back, cleaned them with antiseptic. He looked at the head-wound, did a few cognitive tests. With each additional injury he treated, he felt an additional surge of rage.
get to return to an ant-free home, tonight.”
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back in an effort to stand straighter—he had impeccable posture, of course, but there was something about the Major that always made him feel as if he were slouching.
John had been all over me in the cab. And then again, at the crime scene.
For a split second Anna thought she saw genuine surprise cross Moriarty’s expression. But it passed, and she wasn’t sure if she’d seen it at all. He lowered the scepter and walked over to her again. Anna felt more repulsed by him the closer he got. “Your… father,” he echoed, looking her up and down. “And who told you that?”
When Sherlock woke up that morning, it was with a crusty shirt and sheets. He sat up in bed, looking down at the mess he’d made. He was going to have to do laundry today. But first things first: John. Sherlock threw on a new shirt and his dressing gown and made his way up the stairs to check on him. He cracked John’s door and peered through the opening, holding two ibuprofen and a glass of water. He studied John’s silhouette… yes, he was breathing. Sherlock tiptoed into the room and set the pills and water on the bedside table.
Anna started to feel panicked. “Molly, please. You can’t tell him. You can’t. I’ve worked too hard… and if I don’t do this, Moriarty will come after me anyway. You know he will. And he’ll use me to hurt Sherlock again…” She searched Molly’s face.
And they had been, because she was now standing on the sixth floor of an empty office building, across from the criminal mastermind himself.
John paused from his task to wipe the tears that had slid down the bridge of his nose. “I shouldn’t have let you go, Sherlock. It was my fault, for going to that stupid appointment—for making you feel like you had to be… that you had to do it alone…” he shook his head and finally tugged off the shoe.
you come.”
At that, Sherlock crumpled forward into his chest. Mycroft supported the unexpected weight, awkwardly putting his arm round the back of his brother’s neck. Sherlock sobbed into his shoulder, sobbed as he hadn’t done since he was a child, with heaving breaths and loud, anguished wails of “
Finally, John broke the silence. His voice was hollow when he spoke. “I guess you know everything now.”
Sherlock set his hands on either side of his seat. “And why would I want to make an appearance?”
Mary nodded. “I couldn’t help myself, I told him just to let it go. To forget about what they had said.” She looked down at the table in front of her. “Part of me still really wanted to be a family. I thought for a time that I could… that I was over the obsession to recover the treasure. That I could move on from my need for revenge. That I could live with John and Anna and be happy… but when I heard the key was out there, again, I just couldn’t. I was a slave to it.”
So after over a year and a half, I'm back at it. Life has been crazy lately but I'm glad to finally have the chance to continue this story. Hoping to post more regularly going forward!
“Violet’s dead.”
Molly stared at him. “You know, about urges and condoms and babies and… well, what did your parents tell
What would he do after John left? After the flat was sucked dry of all things John, of his sound and smell and flesh; negative space, vacuum space. Nothing alive, anymore. Devoid of warmth and friendship and fighting and awkward tension, sexual or otherwise. Empty.
“I rinsed him off.”
what happened to him? Why? Why bother with wasting the time for Sherlock to deduce anything, when John could just tell him? And even if Sherlock had deduced it, he’d still want to hear the story from John; when they solved crimes together in the past, he’d always wanted to listen to the explanation from the criminal’s own lips. He enjoyed hearing that he was right, it was immensely satisfying. John knew that...
“You’re so bloody gorgeous,” John said, as I got into position below him.
have used a medical expert) and the journey (the train had broken down twice on the way home) and when he entered the flat he saw the last thing that he wanted to see: John Watson, passed out in his chair, covered in his own vomit and white as a sheet.
John swallowed. “Can we please talk about this after I’ve cleaned up?”
Anna groaned. “Can we please stop talking about my bloody marks? Please? Can’t I just have one morning where I leave here without feeling like a complete idiot?”
? How can you be in love with someone without wanting to—“ John shook his head, apparently trying to get rid of some unwanted mental images. “That’s just… that’s just
Sherlock looked at him. “So?”
, he reasoned even later, weeping into the upholstery of John’s chair.
Sherlock studied her; yes, that was definitely Violet. Her hair was matted and dirty, her clothes in the same state—at least, what little she had on. She was wearing a bra on top and a short skirt on the bottom, and her feet were bare.
“They’re going to have a tea party!” Anna explained, exasperated.
“She’s going to yell at you again, you know,” Sherlock mused from the sofa, still surfing the internet on his laptop. “She expected you to tell her not to leave, and to make
Perhaps it was his constant nagging, but suddenly, I knew what I needed to do. I reached down and squeezed his nearest hand in my own. “I do,” I said, with as much genuine feeling as I could muster.
, a small voice said in the back of his brain. Except for Mary’s hit.
John felt anger flare inside him. “Well, but I’m not useless, am I? I told you that Mary wants Moriarty gone. I gave you that. You wouldn’t have even thought to work with her if it weren’t for me.”
The plan was for Mary to secretly give Anna the means to escape and for Anna to do so, but instead of fleeing the building as quickly as possible, she was to make her way to the twelfth floor, disarm the guard outside the elevator, steal his gun, and shove through the office at the end of the hallway where she would shoot (and kill) James Moriarty. Apparently, Mary wanted Moriarty dead just as much as everyone else, but she couldn’t kill him herself—something to do with coups, and a “network”, Anna didn’t really care—and so she devised a scheme for Anna to do it, instead. “It’ll look like you wanted revenge,” Mary had said, after the tears had been shed and apologies had been whispered and Anna had lied and lied like she’d never lied before. “Which,” she’d continued, her eyes sad and a wry smile on her face, “probably won’t be much of a stretch, for you.”
“Nonsense,” said Sherlock, dismissively. He walked over to the dust bin. “You just haven’t found your field.” He pulled her project out of the bin, eyeing it with disappointment. “Which is clearly not biology.”
. I don’t know if I even want you anymore, after that.” He was crying again.
John stared at him for another moment, watching him drink. “You should try to get some sleep,” he suggested, quietly.
“Are you okay?” He didn’t respond. “John, talk to me, are you?”
operating this vehicle—“
Sherlock couldn’t argue with her there. “I know, I know,” he tried to reason, for the both of them. He really shouldn’t be the one teaching her about normal human attachments. “But Lucy…
John stood there and attempted to placate his wife, while Sherlock, in the meantime, smiled and quietly lay back on the floor to watch Anna and her blocks.
pale-eyed—
“Not now, Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock seethed, stomping up the stairs and slamming the door behind him.
“Yes, what man?” Sherlock echoed, touching his fingertips together again.
, Sherlock thought, his heart beating erratically as he bent down and carefully picked it up. He flipped it over in his fingers, his stomach turning. That cuff had been wrapped around John’s wrist—John, who he loved, who no longer existed—
Carruthers laughed. “I figured as much. Well, Mr. Holmes, I won’t waste your time; you wanted answers, so I’ll give them to you. I couldn’t before, you see, without us being in the proper… ah…
Sherlock sighed again. “I get it, Molly.”
“Very good,” Mary praised. She took a deep breath and smiled. “I would like to thank you, Anna, for making my life a little easier. I had absolutely no idea how I was going to get away from Moriarty, but now I don’t have to worry about that.” She turned to Sherlock, then, and her smile faded. “Now, where is it?”
“Then marry me.”
I suppose, in a way, John Watson
“Precisely.”
at the party? He tried to think up a reason, but then John’s eyes locked with his and Sherlock realized it didn’t matter why they were here—they were
Sherlock came up to Anna and knelt beside her. She was hovering over a wide, flat rock and had a smaller, thicker rock in her hand, and there were two piles of fish bodies laying next to her, separated into what looked like miniature fillets and the leftover skins. “What are you doing, Anna?” he inquired, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible. He’d learned that tone of voice was best when attempting to get a child to divulge the truth.
“I can’t,” Sherlock said. “I can’t feel my hands. I can’t—“ And just like that his head was pulled under the water.
But now she was gone for the evening, and Anna was too, and he could breathe easy and just enjoy Sherlock’s company the way he’d wanted to do all week.
“You won’t be dealing any with her, Mycroft,” growled John. “I do believe that if you ever speak to her again, it will be over my dead body. And Sherlock’s,” he added.
“Anna!” Mary shrieked, horrified. “Anna, no!”
John stopped coming towards me. “What?”
” John exploded. “I
“Bodies? Plural?” John asked as Sherlock swiped his clothes off the floor and began to dress in a frenzy. “Sherlock—you’re not trying to go to the morgue
“Are you attracted to me?”
“Actually, yes.”
I made it to just after four a.m. before I gave in and showed up at John’s hotel room door. I knocked rapidly, and it opened in less than five seconds. There was John, standing in his underpants and a t-shirt, looking like he’d been through hell and back. The lines on his face were long, the circles dark under his eyes. He sagged with relief against the door frame when he saw it was me.
“Hobbit feet,” said John. She giggled.
When their bare chests touched, something happened to Sherlock’s brain. His logical mind faltered and fell into the grip of something primal and instinctual, instead. He’d never felt anything like it.
Mary tutted and rolled her eyes, then caught sight of John coming down the hall. “John, show him Airplane, for the love of God.” She turned back to the washing.
“And the knife!”
The two of them stared at each other. “I’m going back inside,” John told him, finally, and without another word turned on his heel and marched off toward the hospital, leaving Sherlock standing alone in the rain.
,” Sherlock growled, grabbing John’s cock with one hand and poising his mouth over top of it. “Say you want me to suck you.”
We really needed to have that talk.
answers, beginning with a lie is a very poor way to start.”
Sherlock looked down at his knees.
. It’s all I that have, and now I can’t even do that. You’ve ruined it. You’ve ruined
“I’m not telling you you have to admit it to anyone—just to yourself. So that you know now that you’ve been in love. That you know what it’s like.” She smiled. “Welcome to the human race.”
“I don’t think it was a matter of if he could,” said Molly. “I think it was more of he had to; there was no one else to do it. And since she was
A few moments later, the three of them saw a tug on the rope. Mary motioned for Sherlock to go and click the winch into gear, and they soon heard a splash as John resurfaced. Anna helped him back into the boat while Sherlock finished bringing the box up the rest of the way. He and John hoisted it over the edge and set it down heavily on the floor next to them.
…. Maybe you
So he’d brought her to play-dates, and group outings, and field trips, he enrolled her in camps and sports. He traveled all over the city to bring her in contact with other children. The trouble was, on those so-called play-dates, Sherlock had to make small talk with the mothers and fathers there—
Anna raised an eyebrow. “Why?”
“It’s said the key was hidden by one of the emperor’s children when the British came to confiscate the treasure, but they never could find who did it. The emperor’s children were tortured, even killed, but none had any information on the key’s whereabouts. So the British government sat on a locked treasure chest, worth more than they could possibly believe, until the Rebellion occurred in 1857. You can imagine how frustrating that was, how embarrassing.
John flushed. “It didn’t really take you three hours, did it?”
John looked a little bewildered. “For rescuing Anna, of course.”
“You’re not as dumb as you look,” Mary muttered, pressing her lips into a tight, thin line.
Mary was paralyzed with indecision. She needed to stop Anna from throwing the treasure out to sea, but she also couldn’t leave the driver’s seat—the other boat would catch up with them. So she continued to shout, alternating between pleading and threatening… but none of it seemed to have any effect. Finally, Mary fell silent and stared out into the barely-visible horizon in front of them, flat with the miles and miles of water beyond, and began to cry. Her face was numb from the cold and the wind, but she could still feel her nose dripping mucus into her mouth. It was salty, but warm instead of cool, so she could tell the difference between it and the seawater that sprayed her face.
“J—John.” My voice wavered.
Anna had stared at him.
Sherlock snorted. “That’s just the extra fabric you have to wear to hide it.”
“Make it hurt.” Moriarty's lips curled into a smile, again. “Make him
John hadn’t thought he’d fallen asleep yet, when he groggily awoke to the sound of moaning coming from the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom. He stumbled down the stairs and around the corner, knocking rapidly on the bedroom door before he opened it.
How had it never crossed either of their minds, when they took the case, that they might be dealing with a rapist?
John laughed into his shirt. “He
what Sherlock was doing. And Sherlock had gaped, his lips smacking together like a dying fish, no explanation or sound or anything leaving his mouth. And then John had looked down on the bed.
I could barely think, but the memory resurfaced anyway; I had been lying on the sofa, with three nicotine patches on my forearm. John hadn’t come back to the flat yet, which meant that either he’d had second thoughts about being my flatmate or that my brother had got to him. I’d heavily favored the latter.
have a daughter... and felt a bit sick. She shook her head.
. “Go ahead.”
I let out a breath. Saturday. Of course. And John had decided to spend it with me.
“John! Wait! Stop!”
“Sherlock, slow down. What’s Mycroft to do with any of this?”
“Does it feel like a drug?” I interrupted, on purpose. “Like you can’t wait for the next hit? Does it thrill you, to your very core, just thinking about it? Does it make you want to give up everything you’ve ever done, everything you’ve ever wanted, everything you ever were, just to have it again?” I loomed over him, at some point having crossed the room.
“Sherlock, listen to me,” urged Lestrade as Sherlock frantically sought something to break the glass. “We found a bomb under this room, the whole building is rigged to blow. Moriarty must have done it as a Plan B, if things went wrong.”
John was watching Sherlock, surprised by the details of the re-telling. He didn’t remember the crying, the hugging, what he’d said. He was awfully drunk that night, so he wasn’t too shocked that he didn’t remember, but still… it was more information than what he’d first had.
For the first time in many months, she felt like the child she was. “Why did you make me kill them?” she asked, heartbroken.
We didn’t talk at all.
. He knelt down again and slid his hands up Sherlock’s inner thighs, planting kisses and licks along them after. Sherlock would have closed his eyes to further enjoy the sensations if he wasn’t so fascinated with John’s technique.
“For ruining my life.”
“Tell him what?”
, John.” Sherlock emphasized. “A.G.R.A. The letters on Mary’s flash drive. They weren’t her initials, they were a
“She’ll be alright.” Sherlock’s voice was gentle, and John didn’t know whether to be pleased or angry that he was being so tranquil.
“Jesus, Mycroft! You don’t have to be so morbid about it.”
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, his eyes still closed under his fingertips. “I don’t
Molly whipped out her mobile and dialed Mycroft’s number.
John’s face loomed in the window. He waved, briefly, and cracked open the door. “Mind if I come in?” he asked.
“Oh,” said John, “just about how I could have helped you. How I could have prevented your death. Things that I could have said. Should have said. You know.” He picked up a piece of gravel between his thumb and forefinger and tossed it forward with a flick of his wrist. “Survivor’s guilt. The usual tosh.”
Molly looked to her, then back at the road, then to her, then the road again. She swallowed and slowed down, turning into a parking space outside of a nearby café. “You, young lady, need to explain yourself. Right this minute.”
“Oh for the love of—what do you think, Mary? You think I’m going to hurt Anna? Or you? What the fuck is the
Sherlock pursed his lips, his pride not wanting to let him admit the truth. “It would be simpler for you to just tell me,” he said, carefully.
There is a lady next door, doing arpeggios, whilst we are having sex.
“We had to put it down,” Sherlock’s father went on. “And poor Sherlock, he took it rather hard.”
But suddenly a hand grabbed his arm, flipped him around, and pulled him into a hug. It was so uncharacteristic of Sherlock that John’s tears tried up in a moment, in favor of shock and awe. He awkwardly bent his elbows and patted Sherlock’s sides. “Sherlock…” John tried, but there was nothing he could find to say. So he just let Sherlock hug him, and waited for something else to happen.
a skirt) and then, as he bent his head to suck gently on her neck, he folded up the edge of the skirt and smoothed his spindly fingers all the way up, up, up—
“I…” John’s voice was rasped. “I’ve got something to say.”
John felt his face wobble violently, and he embraced her, turning his head to the side and trying to regain his composure. “Mrs. Hudson,” he whispered. She squeezed him tight, which was barely a squeeze at all, for her, and he squeezed back.
“I… he’s at the Yard. Waiting for interrogation.”
crossed the line.
“Please say you’re okay,” said John, nearly whispering it. He leaned closer and our foreheads touched.
The standing guard scowled at him. “Alright, I’ll be back,” he grumbled, and left down the hallway.
for God’s sake—“ He clenched his jaw in anger and began undressing, grumbling to himself. “Why do I
complicated case that demanded all my mental faculties. I supposed I couldn’t rule that out.) But I didn’t know how to convince him.
John took in the sight of the man before him without a word. He wasn’t surprised to see him. He’d always expected this to happen someday but perhaps not that it would take so long. Sherlock was still thin and pale, John could tell even under the stocking cap and puffy coat and thick trousers and boots. But surprisingly he was dressed appropriately for the weather. The snow on the road would have been too deep to drive through so he would have had to walk the ten miles it took from the main road to get to John’s place. There was no one to plow the road as only John was at the end of it and John certainly wasn’t going to do it. That was the whole point, to be secluded. To be alone. And Sherlock must have known all of that before he left or he would not have bought cold-weather clothes to walk in the snow with.
“Actually,” replied Mycroft, twirling his closed umbrella in his hand before leaning it next to the door, “I came to speak with
Sherlock gazed between the two of them, an odd look on his face. It passed and he relaxed back into the pillow. “Fine,” he snapped.
How many bloody times do I have to say it, Sherlock? Jesus
“You really didn’t need any convincing, did you?” Moriarty went on, his eyes demonic. “You did it because you
“Help, I’m stuck! Please!”
Sherlock waved that comment away with one hand in the air and turned to face him head-on. “But
“A week, Mary,” Sherlock told her, observing her panic.
She opened up the box to reveal a very nice pair of headphones.
When he awoke this time, he was covered in sweat and had both hands pressed against his throbbing hard-on, evidently trying to get himself off in his sleep. He threw back the covers at once, breathing irregularly, the tent in his pants high enough to intrude on his field of vision even as he was lying down flat.
Without a second thought, Anna aimed her gun at Mary and pulled the trigger— but nothing happened, except for a faint “click.”
If that was the case, how utterly
“The person you loved. Describe them to me.”
It starts as a tingling sensation, in my fingers and in my toes. The skin quivers with restlessness, through the palms of my hands and the bottoms of my feet, up my legs and across my arms. Before I know it, I’m levitating, up, up above the street, above buildings, above all of London. I can see for miles, to different cities, and countries, across entire oceans. I rotate in a circle around myself, peering out into the world before choosing a direction. And then I form my hands into fists and lean forward, and off I zoom with a thrill and a whoop of joy.
“Yep.”
Sherlock continued to stare at the Major, trying to deduce what he meant. His “advice” was clearly spoken from regret, from deep personal sadness, too deep for friendship… Sherlock’s forehead grew smooth again as he understood. He looked at the floor, a bit embarrassed for Major Sholto, that he thought… and for himself, that he’d given off
“I’m going to join a band,” Anna announced, once Sherlock had come home and plunked down in his chair with his newspaper. She was surfing the web on her laptop, and kept on as if nothing surprising had come out of her mouth. She heard the crinkle of the paper and saw Sherlock gaze suspiciously at her over top of it.
“You don’t know?”
“John—“ Sherlock began.
I can’t raise a baby by myself!” He laughed bitterly at the prospect—what an absolute nightmare, that would be.
“And?”
Anna looked skeptical. “They’re only fish!” she exclaimed.
Sherlock’s lips began to tremble.
. The man was gruff and weathered and had sun spots on his face and gnarled, wrinkled hands and his teeth were very bad. He was notoriously crotchety around the junction shop but now he brought two buckets and overturned them and sat patiently next to John and was gentle with him while he showed him the skill. John was grateful but he knew then how pathetic he must have seemed to other people when even the town grump felt too badly to mock him.
They stood staring at it, at the name, the dates, “Beloved Husband, Father, Friend.” That last word was Sherlock’s doing, he’d pushed for it because he’d wanted some representation. It was not fair that Mary, deceptive and cruel as she was, got the first mention of “Husband” (or any mention at all, for that matter). Maybe she’d have the first word, but Sherlock would have the last. “It’s not very specific, ’
I must have not made my intentions clear, however, because John made a sort of squawking sound and wriggled out of my grasp. “What are you doing?” he asked, and stared at me with large eyes.
interesting?” He tried another smile, but saw that John’s expression was serious.
“Not true,” she denied.
John gave him that, too.
“Anytime,” Lestrade shouted, and gave him a small smile before he was led off back to his cell.
“And, of course, there was the fiasco with that damned dog.” Sherlock’s mother sipped her tea as his father nodded in agreement.
your father,” accused the little boy she’d been sitting next to before.
“Sherlock,” said John.
But the girl never feels guilty, she just begs me to tell her about them, about the experience of flying, about the places I explore. So I do, of course. Most of the time she’s in them, and so is John, and the three of us have some pretty absurd adventures. If I’m working on a case at the time, the facts usually show up in one way or another. I’ve actually solved a few of them that way—I’ll be in the middle of retelling a dream, and have an epiphany, and race down the stairs to tell John with Anna at my heels. John gets annoyingly curious about how I arrived at the conclusion, but I’m good at evading his probes. The sappy, fond look that he’d have on his face if he’d ever found out the truth would probably make me sick up right then and there.
This chapter is a little short, so I thought I'd post two today! Enjoy!
happened last night?
John grinned. “Ah, okay. So not short, just shorter than
“Not just the neck, look, here. The same shape, on both sides, in almost the exact same spot. And here on the face. The cuts above the eyebrow. They’re mirror images of each other!” Anderson was getting excited, now. He moved over to the arms, which had both been severed at the elbow. “This one, here—“ he pointed to the left “—this one was cut deliberately, but this one—“ he pointed to the right “—looks like it was gashed, first. Probably in the struggle.” He looked up, at the rest of us. “Don’t you see? He evened it out. He wanted each side to be exact. He had to make each side exactly the same. He’s obsessive about it.” Anderson puffed up triumphantly. “Our killer has severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.”
But sometimes he would rub himself through the fabric of his trousers with one hand and brace his other hand on the doorframe, shoving his face into his own shoulder to muffle any sort of sound he might make as he came. And then, just as in the usual instance, he would tip-toe down the stairs, except this time go for a change of clothes.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked when he was done. He rose from the chair. “I was about to make some for myself.”
“You don’t understand, and I know that, and I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry.”
“Trouble in paradise?”
Mycroft crossed his legs. “Well, now, can I not come and visit the new family, wish them congratulations?”
a blubbering fool.”
. “Shhh,” he whispered once more, slowly beginning to rock back and forth. He rested his cheek against the side of Sherlock’s head. “You’re alright. You’re going to be alright.”
John swallowed and shook his head. “Nothing,” he said, avoiding eye contact as he handed Sherlock his cup. “Here.” Sherlock took it from him, and their fingers brushed as they transferred it between hands. Sherlock felt his stomach lurch at the contact. He swallowed and put the cup to his lips.
John’s lips bubbled a bit before he finally found a reply. “You… you would?”
Sherlock’s head spun back in John’s direction. “Say that again.”
Sherlock slid his glass onto the table and sat back again, pressing his palms together under his chin. “You have to stop punishing me for leaving. And I have to stop punishing you for moving on.”
John went round the back of him and saw that his muscles were shaking. “Please try to relax,” he said, and put a hand on his bum to reassure him. Sherlock nodded but didn’t do it.
“John!” Sherlock stood up as soon as the bullets subsided, scrambling around the glass cage, running his hands on it, looking for seams, for some way to open it.
He kissed her.
With that, John hooked his fingers in the waistband of Sherlock’s pants and tugged them off, making his cock fall back on his stomach with a
John pulled back from him and Sherlock opened his eyes (hadn’t realized he’d closed them until that moment). John took a couple steps backward. “There,” he said, trying to sound forceful, but his voice was much too high-pitched and wavering.
Anna felt a fresh wave of tears. “
Sherlock straightened up. “There, that should keep you warm,” he said, and turned to sit back down. Anna glanced at Mary, who was staring out at the sea, and kept her hand ready on the knife.
her, when it had just been Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
Fact #1: He was in love with John Watson.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice wavered. “I know I’m very, very late. I know that. And I’m sure this is all a lot to process, for you, but… well, I just had to say it, in case I didn’t get another chance. I spent thirteen years regretting that I never said it, thinking that I might die there in prison and you would never know... So, there it is.” He nodded. “I love you.”
When Sherlock’s sobs faded, Mycroft led him over to the van and sat him down on the back bumper. He bent down and put his hands on Sherlock’s arms, holding him upright. “Sherlock, I need you to tell me,” he said, his voice stern—all business now. “Did you get the key?” Sherlock’s head bobbed, clearly thinking about other things. “
Mary gave a rough laugh. “You know why. I’m not stupid; I’ve come too far to trust anyone blindly. I couldn’t know for sure that you had it until I saw it with my own eyes… which I still haven’t by the way.” She raised her gun more firmly at attention. “Why would I compromise my position in the network if I didn’t know for sure you’d deliver the key?”
“Ohhh, what are you saying to her about me? They’re all lies, Anna,” Mrs. Hudson growled. But her eyes were kind and sparkled, reflecting the Christmas lights strung up on the hearth.
John pressed backwards and Sherlock let him go. They stared at each other, Sherlock’s expression one of expectancy, John’s one of exhaustion. “What happened,” John started, “was that Lestrade and I couldn’t bear to see a man like that breathe freely one second longer.”
, Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded.
. But in the next second, all of that faded into oblivion. Because the prisoner only saw one thing:
To Sherlock’s horror, John began to cry. He buried his face in his hands and his shoulders shook, and he started making little sniffing and gasping sounds. Sherlock didn’t know what to do—he’d never seen John cry before. And then John’s legs gave out and he sat, weakly, on the floor, drawing his knees to his chest and putting his face into them. He continued to cry for some time, while Sherlock just stood in front of him, completely at a loss to understand anything that was happening. He began to have a nasty, unsettling feeling that perhaps this was all a dream.
Molly had said.
, Sherlock thought. Her dark eyes were inquisitive, intelligent.
, John’s
“I can’t,” John said. “Not really. I’m sorry, truly, I’m just... I’m so sorry.”
I braced my free arm on the table below and rutted against him, experimentally. A spark of electric desire jolted through my groin and into my stomach, and I shuddered and rutted again. John made a strangled noise in front of me. There wasn’t really a rhythm to what we were doing, but it was more than enough, with John’s cock sliding next to mine, with the sounds he made and the way he gripped my hips so hard that I had bruises the next day. The way he said my name, “Sherlock,” interspersed with “God,” and “Jesus Christ,” like they were synonymous.
Fact #3: John had felt… something, too, when they’d kissed.
John whacked the phone on the table, and then picked it up again. “Oh, sod it, I don’t want your help anyway!” he shouted.
Mycroft Holmes had never been the type of man to hold a grudge. He considered himself above that petty, human resentment. He was a smarter man, a stronger man, a more important man, than to get mixed up in all that business. But oh, how he’d held a grudge against Jim Moriarty. Not only had the man been a thorn in the country’s side and turned his brother’s life a living hell, but he’d made a fool of Mycroft, ruined his reputation, and had almost gotten him fired. Mycroft wanted to destroy Moriarty in every possible sense of the word. So most of what he’d said to Molly was true—he’d planned to exploit Sherlock and Anna to bring down his mortal enemy—but his reasoning behind it was not for some noble purpose, to protect his country or whatever it was he’d told her.
So, this was a thing, with both of them, not just John. It started to make sense, now, why Sherlock had been so upset that John wanted to go to therapy. The kiss had probably given him hope, that there was a chance. Bugger.
. On his chest, on his abdomen, his arms, his waist; he’d been beaten, and badly. The blood from his head wound had dried down the front of shoulder, in his chest hair, bits of brown crust crumbling away. John crept up to his body and began to walk around him, taking in every blemish, every mark of violence on his porcelain-white skin.
“Well, pretty much everyone likes music,” he replied.
“It’s been a long while since I’ve had a man,” Carruthers murmured gently, ignoring his wife and Violet. He stepped forward and reached a hand out to thread through Sherlock’s curls. “I’m quite picky, you know. I like mine combative, stubborn. I like to break them, you see.” He gripped the top of Sherlock’s hair in his fingers. “What a lovely stroke of luck that
But he couldn’t control all of his dreams. For whatever reason, once in a while he’d have one that he’d get so wrapped up in, he’d forget his tricks for lucidity. Most of the time, they were nightmares, and most of the time about things from his childhood, back before he’d had control over his emotions; those deep-seated experiences that he’d tried to delete or bury but which would never fully leave him.
“I believe I already said.”
John raised his eyebrows. “Was that honestly supposed to be coherent?”
Sherlock harrumphed. “Yes, well, I—“ He stopped, eyeing her. “Exactly how much of that conversation did you overhear?”
“Bored,” said Sherlock, with finality. “Clearly.”
have been counterfeit. “You found the real one, before, probably using some miniscule clue you’d found on those poor dead fisherman who chartered me out to the spot where I’d hidden it. Then you replaced it with a fake.”
“My turn,” he says, and grins again.
Sherlock lowered his head, staring at her from under his eyebrows. She did the same. “That you are trying not to laugh.”
, John,” Sherlock explained, turning his smiling head in John’s direction. “I don’t know who, or why—but it has to be for love. It has to. This is personal, for Mary.” He stood again, regaining his composure. “We need to find out everything we can about her. We’ll start with the last thing we know she did—kill that teenage girl. We’re going to the morgue; we need to examine the bodies a little more closely.”
Mary. You used to be all ‘buddy-buddy’ with her.”
confessing to
“That’s not going to work,” John interrupted again. “I don’t want to go, on
“Tell me that you knew about Mary, even. The whole time. I wouldn’t care, Sherlock, if it was all for a plan, if you could get us out of this bloody mess.”
“That’s my girl,” he said.
Sherlock stared at her, throwing socks and underwear on top of the few clothes. “No, you’re not,” he replied in disbelief, realizing that if she actually wanted to leave there was nothing he could do to stop her (short of chaining her to the radiator, which he did briefly consider).
Molly bit her lip. “Are you okay?”
“I don’t need anyone,” Sherlock blurted, then bit the inside of his cheek in frustration—he hadn’t meant for it to come out like that.
John was rendered speechless for a moment. “What else?” he repeated, and he could hear the longing and regret in his own voice.
“Shhh,” said John’s voice, suddenly in his ear.
‘Polly' for the longest time.”
First of all, that song was made for sex. John had never quite understood the lyrics but as Sherlock played and he sang along in his head, they were hot, somehow. And the riffs were slow and hot too, and then the solo,
“Jim Moriarty is the largest threat to human kind that I have ever witnessed. I will sacrifice my brother to obliterate that threat. I will sacrifice his lover, his daughter, his friends. I would sacrifice myself if I thought that I’d do more to protect the world dead than alive. Fortunately for me, that is not the case.” Mycroft allowed himself a small smirk of self-satisfaction.
, to be more specific. I’m not Jim Moriarty—I’m not going to strap bombs to innocent civilians or sabotage airplanes or beat people half to death just to get my kicks—”
John sighed. “Honestly, I dunno....” His eyes suddenly twinkled. “More sex?”
John blushed profusely at the unexpected praise. “Well, I wouldn’t say—“
“Not to lead him on,” said Sherlock’s father.
John didn’t even know where Sherlock had found the picture, didn’t even remember it existed until that very moment. “Where did you find
, oh my
. During her first practice with them, the three of them began to play a song they’d written and asked her to come in when she thought it could use some accompaniment. She’d tapped her toe and let her heart beat in rhythm, and once the goose-pimples popped up on her skin, she began to play.
,” he muttered. It was barely light out, and the poor family had been through enough already, answering all of the Yard’s previous questions about Violet’s disappearance. And now he was about to wake them up, for probably no reason at all; Sherlock was most likely long gone, off doing some other reconnaissance, purposely ignoring John’s phone calls just to get him worked up.
Molly shook her head without meeting his eyes. She was wholly unable to speak.
Sherlock ended up walking home. He didn’t plan on doing it, but somehow he ended up there. He couldn’t go back into the hospital, didn’t want to see John, so instead he started down the street in the rain and kept on until he found himself standing at the front door to 221B.
“This is what I want, Sherlock. To see you suffer. To watch your heart break.” He spoke slowly, relishing every word. “To watch everything you are come undone, fall to pieces. And to know that I am the cause.”
I slid my mouth off his cock. “Okay. Okay.” I pulled my fingers out of him, and fumbled around the mattress, looking for the lube. I found it and slicked some on myself.
funny. So nice to have a funny one, isn’t it, Teresa?”
John glanced back at them again, shivering with the sudden lack of hot water. The dried blood had smeared into rusty-orange lines down his face and chest.
“I’ve never wanted to kiss anyone before!” Which wasn’t completely true; I just had never wanted to kiss someone a second time, after I’d already done it once.
Sherlock remembered how Anna had turned and hid her face in his shoulder. The memory of the gesture still warmed his heart, all these years later—any uneasiness he’d felt about his choice to raise Annalise had vanished the moment she looked to him for protection. She trusted him to keep her safe, and he would.
Sherlock searched her face.
John felt his insides shrivel.
He stood at the sink completely naked, jerking off like a teenager, eyes screwed shut and his hand flying over his penis, the shower finally hot, very hot, the steam thickening the air, making him slightly light headed.
Upset. Angry. Confused. This was not going well at all. Sherlock mentally cursed Major Sholto for giving him absolutely shoddy advice. “Well, I didn’t think you’d react like
“I couldn’t connect any more, Sherlock,” John went on. “Anybody I talked to, even people I already knew, people I thought I cared about—I felt nothing. Nothing. I would look at them, hear their boring stories about their boring lives, and just be so disgusted, you know? None of it was stimulating. And then I thought,
Mrs. Smith sniffed again. “She said she never really looked at him—didn’t want to catch his eye, encourage him, you know—but that he was very small and had a thick, dark beard.”
,” Sherlock grunted, in pain, but his wind was back and he began to struggle. His wrists were still cuffed together, down in front of his body, so that he was lying on his arms. He used his arm strength to push himself back from the table—hoping to bump into Carruthers and throw him off balance—but Carruthers still held fast to his hair and forced his head down on the cold, hard metal, trapping Sherlock’s backside against the table’s edge with his hips.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to blink. “No? What do you mean, ‘no’?”
“No? Whatever you say,” replied Moriarty. He smiled evilly. “Enjoy your end of the bargain. I know I will.” Then he and the girl and the guards marched out of the room and down the hallway that John had come through a few minutes earlier. The door creaked pathetically as it swung back on its hinges, finally shutting with a deep, echoing
No, that wasn’t right. That wasn’t
Sherlock pushed himself away from the fridge and steered John backward into a wall, trapping John’s hips against said wall with his own. He could feel John’s erection, stiff and hard against his own, and suddenly he wanted John’s hand down his pants—wanted it more than he’d ever wanted anything.
. John bit the inside of his lip, hoping no one else noticed. “
“Don’t be absurd, Anna,” said Sherlock, turning the page. “If you’re going to be spending time with them every weeknight, I have every right to want to meet them.”
“What?” John asked, not able to keep from getting caught up in it.
“So, anyway,” Anna asked, “do I have permission? To be in the band?”
John turned his head upward, as much as his ebbing strength would allow, and stared at Sherlock through puffy, bloodshot eyes; Sherlock, who was kneeling with his hands and face pressed against the glass chamber, the bottom of his black overcoat wrinkled on the ground around him, and crying
John’s eyes grew very wide. “I figured you’d given it back to him. I bet that’s what Mary and Moriarty thought, too, when they realized I’d snuck it into your pocket... I suppose we all underestimated how much you hate your brother.” He grinned, lopsidedly. “You still have it, then?”
The door between the observation and interrogation rooms slammed closed, and Lestrade blinked in surprise as he watched John grab the empty metal chair and swing it over to jam it underneath the handle.
John looked down at the photograph, which showed an ornate silver key resting on a blue velvet cloth. “Royal artifact?” he asked.
“Apparently, the Agra treasure was the personal fortune of the Mughal royal family, worth millions and millions of rupees, passed down from emperor to emperor. When the British finally overthrew the Mughals in India, they confiscated the treasure—but, it was locked in a chest, and they couldn’t find the key. They tried other means of opening it, of course—skeleton keys, pure force—but they never succeeded.”
Anna choked on her last bite of pie. “What?” She immediately thought of David, and felt herself start to blush.
yours. Not Moriarty’s.”
He turned his head to look down the street, noticing the Christmas lights on the houses still lit and twinkling in the morning light. And then he saw two figures, one tall, one short, traipsing down the pavement. He squinted.
“I’m a forensic pathologist,” answered Sherlock. Well, technically he was a forensic pathologists’
“Oh Sherlock, leave him alone.” It was Mary, entering the room from the kitchen and holding a bottle of milk over a bundle of blankets. She looked worn, her skin was sallow, but she was smiling and her eyes were shining with happiness. Sherlock felt himself smile back at her. He’d forgotten that she was a person, not just John’s wife. He’d forgotten he actually
The silence was excruciating.
“You’re looking for an iron box, about as long as your forearm, and three times as tall,” Mary told him, when he’d finally dressed. “Should be directly below us; I moved it out here a short time ago. Just swim down and hook this onto it.” She pulled a length of cable from the winch. “Then give it a tug, and we’ll crank it up.”
Mary looked up, her eyes brimming with tears. “That man was my father, Annalise. He was my father, and they’d sent me to kill him.” She drew a shaky breath. “He told me everything that night, explained all of the unknowns in my life, answered all the questions I’d ever had. You see, when he was much younger, MI6 had sent him to Agra to find some long-lost treasure. But something went wrong, and instead of extracting him, the government left him for dead. He was captured and imprisoned but managed to escape with the help of a woman who was imprisoned with him. When they were free, she revealed that she was the last of the royal Mughal line, and that she knew where the treasure was hidden. She just didn’t have the key to open it up.
It was difficult not to like Molly Hooper. She’d babysat many times when Anna was young and sometimes took her to go shopping or see a movie. “Girl time,” Molly called it. “You have got to be so deprived, living here with Sherlock!”
“Our friendship, I mean,” Sherlock continued, quietly. “It’s over.”
Sherlock shifted in the chair and John snapped away from his trance. He suddenly was very tired. He wanted to curl up on the floor in front of the heat and go to sleep, right there on the floor. That would be comfortable enough. There were no blankets on his bed any longer.
John’s gut twisted at the word.
“Look at you all,” said Moriarty, jovially, his crown wobbling on his head as he laughed. “You all thought you were so
Sherlock smiled. “In the midst of her first plan, which I can only assume was to use you to get to me to get to Mycroft to get to the key, we caught her with Magnussen and found out that she was lying about who she was. But instead of fleeing, she decided to stay, because she’d discovered that you and I were more useful than she first thought. She came to know our judgment as impartial. She believed her claim to the key was more valid than the government’s, so much so that she could convince us to side with her, and help her obtain it. John,” Sherlock’s eyes glittered, “I do believe we’ve found the last Mughal princess.”
I couldn’t hold on anymore. I was going to come, and then John reached down to tug at himself, and I couldn’t, I just couldn’t comprehend how good it was, and I was coming, and coming, shouting things, I don’t even know what.
“Yes. I believe the medical term is ‘lovesick.’”
John’s hand left Sherlock’s face and untucked the front of his shirt from his trousers, then slid underneath said shirt and laid its palm flat against his lower belly. Sherlock moved his own hand to mirror John’s in the fantasy, slipping it down, down, under the waistband of his pants, down,
not the one that has to live with one of them afterward.” With that, Moriarty snatched up Anna’s right hand and slapped the gun into it, then stood behind her and whispered, “So, I’m going to let
John blinked. “What do you… the ‘I don’t know if I’m in love’ part.”
Sherlock continued to stare in silence, not sure how to respond. It was a thing he’d dreamed of hearing John say, for the longest time, but there was something flat about it, now. It had hit Sherlock’s ears and had passed through with nothing even
“It’s entertaining,” Mycroft told him. “It’s a… how do they say…
“Wait? Wait where?”
“Mary never planned on stopping the raid. She never tipped Moriarty off to set up an ambush, she didn’t care what happened to him—she was there for the
Well.
“You,” started John.
He stepped through the door and collapsed on the couch. Maybe just a bit of sleep, just a little nap to recover some brain power. But he found that he couldn’t sleep, not while he was so concerned with finding Mary and Moriarty. If they got their hands on Anna… he would never forgive himself.
“Christ, Sherlock. ‘Economical?’ You never cared about economy.”
“Calm!” I whirled on him.
“John,” said Ella, “Sherlock has a very difficult time sharing his feelings. And he had so, so many, that he didn’t know how else to express them. To the detriment of his own pride and image, he needed you to know.”
“Don’t thank me,” he said, glancing down at Anna. He winked at her and she shrieked again.
“No, actually,” Sherlock answered, coming to stand behind him and looking at the picture. “I always keep tabs on the important artifacts that go missing. No, this is something I’ve never heard of. And we have to find it, in that facility, before the police go in for their raid.”
Anna’s face broke as well, and she cried the tears that had already been queued up from her previous despair. But inwardly, she smiled.
One thing he learned was that Sherlock was affectionate. John himself had never been too keen on extraneous touching or hugging or kissing but he supposed four years of deprivation coupled with the fact that it was Sherlock doing it made him more accepting of it all. And he still hadn’t got over that Sherlock wanted this. It was such a dichotomy that John was almost amused by it, in fact whenever Sherlock brushed John’s hair back with his fingertips or kissed his shoulder or nuzzled into his neck John couldn’t help but smile. This was more affection than John had ever allowed his girlfriends to show, and even Mary before the truth about her came out, but John was amused and he welcomed it.
Life seemed to be full of waiting lately, which was incredibly dull—especially for Sherlock, as his mind worked faster than anyone else’s and was not accustomed to resting for long periods of time in limbo. He was waiting on a wooden bench in the long, poorly-lit hallway where Mycroft had deposited him after they’d gotten off the helicopter and John had been taken away to be questioned. “Questioned,” Sherlock didn’t know if that was the right word for it, because it had been nearly ten hours and there had been no sign of anyone. How many questions could they possibly have?
The other man grew pale. “How dare you! You don’t know—“
“Good. Go there and research everything you can on the
My eyes went wide. “Are you even listening to me?”
“And two weeks ago, you told me you’ve always wanted to role-play, meet somewhere and then convince me to come home with you as if we didn’t know each other. And I said, ‘If you didn’t know me, you could never pull that off,’ and you pushed me and told me to fuck off, that I wouldn’t be playing myself, I’d be playing a character, someone gullible. And I’d said, ‘Maybe I could be a tourist. Tourists are gullible.’”
“Hello,” said John.
She laughed. “You won’t do that.”
,” gasped John, weakly, stupidly,
A few minutes later and Sherlock was in the chair by the stove, wrapped in every blanked John owned, with John stuffing more kindling and wood inside. John took some of the moss from the moss-box and tucked it underneath and lit it with a match until a flame grew and caught the first piece of kindling. Then he went to make tea for them to drink. Sherlock had not said anything the entire time and when John returned to him with the cup he was staring absently into the fire. His eyes were orange from the flames reflecting. “Drink this,” John said and held the cup out to him and he took it, blinking.
Lestrade paused. “What?”
She looked at John, considering something. Her eyes were almost amused again. “And how did that make you feel?”
have taken that chance?”
“This is different.”
John finished and stepped aside, leaving the water running for me. I put my hands under and rinsed off, then got some soap and started washing.
The prisoner scowled at the guard. “You try doing this after you’ve been sitting for twelve hours straight. And with a gimp knee to boot!” The guard didn’t respond, just grabbed him by the arm and led him out of the darkness. “I suppose it wouldn’t do any good to ask where we’re going now?” the prisoner mumbled. The guard remained silent, his face staring straight ahead. “No, it never does,” he sighed in frustration. He tried to keep up, but his limp was making it difficult. “Could you slow down a bit?”
“It’s disarming,” John’s voice rose, “how innocent you look. That probably worked to your advantage, didn’t it?”
“And you’ve brought me a present!” Moriarty skipped over to a table that held the cape, crown, and scepter she’d stolen. He picked up the scepter. It was covered in dried blood, caked in the crevices and on the jewels. “
“Good luck,” I said, and pushed him out the front door.
It was the first time John had seen Sherlock look angry since he’d shown up there—the first time really that he’d seen any sort of deviation from calm patience. Sherlock’s nostrils flared and the lines that defined his brow and cheekbones and jaw became sharper and deeper and menacing. “I spent four
The only time John had ever felt at home was the few short years he’d spent living with Sherlock Holmes.
He straightened up. “Cause of death by blunt-force trauma, like the others. The victims are beaten to death, and then he cuts them in half. Down the middle,” he added, as if it weren’t obvious by the state of the corpse on the floor. “Must have taken some amount of time.”
“Can you really understand her?” he asked.
Sherlock’s bottom teeth protruded from his lower lip and his upper lip turned red and then white as he bit down hard. “I broke you.”
Molly was standing on the other side of the body, clamping it open to give them more visibility. “What’s she doing?”
Another child raised her hand, a girl this time. Sherlock noticed Anna stiffen as the teacher called on her. “Yes, Sarah?”
Sherlock turned on his heel and began walking toward the exit.
John’s confusion faded as he realized that Sherlock was not asking questions out of personal curiosity; he was in full inquiry mode. “Yeah, I did,” John recalled. “I didn’t know they were working together, it never once crossed my mind, so of course I told her. I always figured that’s how he knew we were coming, how he was able to set the trap for us… What? What are you thinking?”
“Yes, the key, the key! The one Mycroft wanted us to retrieve! Did you tell her, John?”
“I’d rather you be dead than Moriarty’s spy.”
women,” John amended, with a small smile.
“John,” Sherlock said. He kissed him messily, his fingers locked into John’s hair. “John."
“You must come in and eat something,” the landlady went on, in that endearingly bossy way that he remembered so well. “Both of you.” She looked over at Anna, finally, and reached one hand out to her while the other still rested on John’s shoulder. “So lovely to see you, dear. Sherlock was ever so worried about you. Where is he, by the way?”
Sherlock looked up over the steam that was wafting from his cup. He nodded. “But please don’t leave,” he whispered.
“Anna, go see if Mrs. Hudson needs help with anything,” Sherlock ordered, not taking his eyes off John.
.” He readjusted his weight and leaned one hand on the couch, gripping it, hard. “I never thought about how many years thirteen really
Behind them, Violet moaned.
“And…” I searched for something to say. I needed to make it convincing. I couldn’t have John know I was lying, because then he would win... though I had no idea how this had become a competition or what we were competing for.
what happened….
“I know,” Sherlock interrupted, and sluggishly began to undo his trousers.
“But isn’t he lonely?” asked Anna, uninterested in Sherlock’s dreams for her future.
John shook his head in disbelief. “You don’t get it, Sherlock. It would destroy her.”
“Because,” John finally spit out, clearly frustrated at my lack of comprehension. “I thought—well. All that about being
Molly raised her eyebrows. “Sorry?”
“Yes.” I uncapped the lube and squirted some onto my fingers. It was a little cold, but it heated quickly on my hand. I moved down between his legs, which were spread wide on the bed with his knees upright.
look (one with which he was
“Where are you going?”
Mycroft pulled his boat alongside Mary’s, and Anna saw John standing squarely in the center, glaring and pointing a gun at her mother. He looked pissed off as hell, as did Mycroft, but Sherlock… she searched and found him sitting on the floor with his back resting against the bottom of the seat, slumped to one side, holding a bloodied rag on his shoulder. Anna stood shakily and peered over at him, and he gave her the weakest of smiles.
, there was the man who had turned his life upside down, come back from the dead to do it again. John had resisted it, at first. He’d have much rather pretended that Sherlock was still dead, so that he could keep on with the life he’d managed to piece together. But ultimately, he had to go back. They belonged together, the two of them.
“Anna,” said John, surprised that he hadn’t inquired about her before. “What’s she like?”
but John continued to mouth-breathe and goggle stupidly.
Sherlock stared at them silently. The teacher coughed an “ahem,” eyeing him.
“Yes, Mummy.” Anna gave Sherlock a small, knowing smile, showing him how she was holding up her end of the bargain. “Bye,” she called, as Mary grabbed her hand.
annoying; most of the time, Mycroft would arrive at the solution in less than a minute and spend the rest of the visit teasing Sherlock about not knowing the answer.
But John had been avoiding it for long enough. So, on a chilly Saturday morning, he took a taxi to Baker Street with the intention of finally having it out with his (
“Mr. Carruthers,” Sherlock interrupted, testily, “if you intend to give me
Anna tried to lift the whole thing by herself, but she wasn’t strong enough. So, instead, she flung open the lid. The brightly-colored jewels inside glittered devilishly at her, even in the moonlight. She dug in with both hands and scooped out a good chunk of them.
“Ruined it!?” Sherlock flung the bedroom door open wide and glided over to the counter, his dressing gown billowing behind him. “If by that you mean, ‘Drastically improved it to the point where not only has it saved me from receiving failing marks and flunking out of school (thus destroying my future), but it will also be the most interesting and exceptional project that the school has ever seen, and everyone will—‘“
“I’m sorry!” she exclaimed, reaching out to Molly. “Are you alright?”
Sherlock’s face was a mess of concentrated lines. A pleasant flush had crept up from his chest to his pale cheeks, rosy red. John had always thought he looked like a marble statue, rigid and white, but he didn’t, now. Not now. John changed his grip and used his thumb to slide over the ridge with every upstroke.
John had suggested Angelo’s immediately after he’d caught up to Sherlock, and Sherlock had agreed without thinking; but now that they were there, it was so surreal that Sherlock greatly regretted the decision. It was hard enough accepting the simple truth that John was back alive without piling on heaps of fond memories of the two of them eating pasta and conversing animatedly about the latest case they were solving. Sherlock twirled his noodles around his fork and took a bite, trying to force the memories out of his head so that his brain could work properly. “Plan for what?” he questioned.
He spent half the night wrapped in a blanket on the sofa, Googling “what is love,” reading everything from blog posts to scholarly articles (ignoring the frequently appearing videos of an apparently popular song from the nineties), trying to get a handle on what it meant. There seemed to be quite a range of feelings encompassed in the understanding of that word, which was not at all helpful. It seemed to be quite subjective. Sherlock grit his teeth and dove deeper into the research.
“Well,” Ella had said, settling back in her chair, “then maybe you should lay off the drinking.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft croaked, getting up and dusting himself off. “She’s perfectly fine.” He smoothed his hair and cleared his throat, though failing to get rid of the croak. “I’ve trained her well. Everything should be fine.” He coughed.
word.”
I’d once told a woman I loved her.
He turned around, slowly, and leaned back against the counter, gripping it with both hands. He stared at the kitchen table. “I told her the first night. After we first kissed. I went home and checked on Anna, since she’s been sick. And then I sat her down, and told her I was leaving her.”
But Mycroft was looking at her like he’d just won the lottery. She stuttered and stopped talking, watching his expression with puzzlement. “That was brilliant, Anna!” Mycroft praised. “You didn’t even have to learn. You did that on instinct.” He smiled. “This is going to be much easier than I first surmised.”
” hissed John, when Sherlock finally broke away to suck on his neck and let his hands roam under John’s jacket. “For the love of—
, Sherlock wanted to say. He felt anxiety boil up into his throat. “I think this may have been a mistake,” he whispered.
Sherlock knew John well enough to realize that the question was rhetorical, that John
The more I thought about it, the more ludicrous it became. It was so insane that I thought it just might work. “Anything?” I asked, my eyebrows raised.
Sherlock was left uncharacteristically open-mouthed by the question. “There… there wasn’t a body,” he said. “He was blown up.”
I don’t know that Mycroft ever got to experience it, growing up. I’m not sure that he ever had a situation arise where he’d wanted to. I was always the weaker of the two of us, I always had a bit more emotion, and even (of course) went through a period of time where I blamed my father for that, and hated him for it, and for my mother for choosing his genetics, because all I wanted to do was be a cold, calculated fish like my brother. (That’s the curse of little brothers—they can’t help but look up to the bigger ones.) I still blamed him to some extent, but I’d learned how to control that emotional part of myself, and though I’ll never admit this to anyone, it was nice to drop that control once in a while. My father was the person I went to for that.
John looked around. “Yes…”
“And how am I supposed to convince everyone else that you should be in there?” Lestrade’s voice was angry, all of a sudden. “You’re not a police officer, you’re not a lawyer. You’re not a—“
John spewed blood, coughing. He didn’t care about not screaming, anymore. And then he became silent as the blows came faster; he was in so much pain he couldn’t even catch his breath.
“Do you have any pictures?” he asked.
John blushed. Sherlock could see it through the rain, even, his face was
“’Airplane?’” Sherlock inquired, his eyebrows drawn forward. “What the devil is ‘Airplane?’”
“Shut up!” I shouted, and I knew I was losing control. But I had already lost it, days ago, perhaps months, years ago. I just hadn’t seen it before. “Just open your eyes for one second! The Work, John. The Work is
“Well, then I want to come.”
No, Sherlock did not think about sex. He’d never had much of a libido, which was immensely helpful, and the times that he did feel rather…
“Oi, Donovan,” Lestrade called, and she looked up.
She looked back up at him. “You know, that makes me a little sad. Is that weird?”
“Ah, the halvsies one? Do you have any theories yet?” He leaned against the table and took a bite of a blueberry scone.
“So,” Ella began. “Mr. Holmes. Why are you here?”
Molly’s eyes went wide, and she peered down at the half-dissected corpse in front of her. “Ah… okay… just let me, erm, clean up, a bit…”
love.”
John doesn’t know what’s happening but those noises can’t possibly sound this good. It has to be the weed, or the alcohol, or the combination, that’s making those noises vibrate his entire body with want. John lets go of Sherlock’s hair and pushes him toward the kitchen table, and with a
“Of course I heard you,” Sherlock snapped. He clasped his hands behind his back, finally deciding; at least this made him
Sherlock eyed him. “You mean, physically walking somewhere with no destination in mind?”
He leaned forward and set his glass on the table.
” and other, incomprehensible noises. Mycroft looked a bit awed by it, but nevertheless held him, murmuring “Shhh,” and “There, there.” He tried to pretend he didn’t see the shocked and pity-filled expressions of Lestrade and the police crew standing around them.
“Any time,” Sherlock spat. “Any time would have worked for me.”
He heard movement in front of him and looked up just in time to see John crossing the room toward him and pulling him into another kiss.
. Sherlock wondered who he and his wife had gotten to pose with them in those photographs.
Sherlock sat up and stretched over the bed. He knew what he had to do: of course he had to go after Anna. Barring the fact that the girl was thirteen years old and had no clue what she was doing, Sherlock was not going to let Moriarty take away another person he loved, even if it wasn’t part of his own plan. He supposed he had to face that villain, again, anyway. He supposed it was time. He’d always had it in the back of his mind, that this would happen, someday, but he’d been hoping it would never come, because the only thing he cared about any more was protecting Annalise Watson. And seeking out Moriarty was not a good way to do that.
. Not present. Don’t get me wrong, he’s a wonderful father, and I know he loved my mum and me very much… but sometimes, he just seemed like he’d rather be somewhere else. It used to make me so angry—something would happen in our lives, something scary or tough or even exciting, and he’d retreat. Not physically, but emotionally.” She sighed. “It was easy to believe, in those times, that he wasn’t my real father. That
knew that about me, knew that if I were properly motivated, I would be able to figure out how to bring down Moriarty. And what better motivation than protecting someone I love?
“But,” he protested, “you’re just—you’re so—”
It was from John, half an hour after Sherlock was supposed to meet him and Mary and the baby for a visit. Sherlock looked out the window again, across to where John’s front door stood blandly among the others in the row. Sherlock had been on time for the visit, but had decided the moment he got out of the cab that he needed a coffee. A half hour had passed, the coffee was long gone, and Sherlock couldn’t think up another excuse to cover the fact that he was stalling.
“I…” he began, trying to find the words to explain what he was going through in that moment. He glanced down and could see a faint bulge in his pajama bottoms.
Sherlock looked stunned for a moment, then turned, wide-eyed, to Mrs. Hudson. The landlady sighed. “Oh Sherlock, the poor child doesn’t understand. She doesn’t love him like you did, dear. She doesn’t even remember him.”
John had still been shooting, so he didn’t see Anna kill
John stopped and looked around.
“Sherlock,” John was exasperated. “Of course you’ll be good at it. You’re good at everything!”
“That’ll do,” he said.
Sherlock came up to the body to take a closer look. The girl was thin and short, with long, dark hair. Molly rifled through the stack of papers on a nearby desk, looking for the file on the girl; she found it sitting on top. “Yes, it was definitely found with the wreckage,” she said, reading. “Looks like—“
We’d talked about the case for a bit (well,
He was acting like I hadn’t said anything at all to refute those ridiculous ideas. I didn’t know what else to say, so I opted for a more direct approach. I grabbed his face and kissed him.
“And you’re a feminist, given by the trouser suit and the lack of jewelry, but insecure, you still wear makeup, and a little too much, not quite the right color for this decade, probably trying to recreate a look from an old photo when you were younger, prettier. Adverse to change, then, as well. The photograph on your desk is of your ex-husband, how do I know he’s an ex? Because no wedding ring, not right now, but you’ve been wearing it recently, I can see the indentation on your finger. You wear it in private and then take it off so no one will know you’re still in love with him.”
“The both of you,” Greg huffed, “He keeps asking me if you’re
Sherlock would give up his very
, John.”
. Fitting, ay?” He leaned back and lifted his hands, “For those of you who don’t know ‘im, it’s pretty darn accurate. He smells bad, he give you this weird squinty-eyed face when you bugger something up, and,” John snapped for emphasis, “He scurries around like he owns a bloody teleportation device or something. The man has a fucking TARDIS, I’m telling you!”
Heed my tags! x
: I guess you can say you had a gay day
“Did you like it?”
,” He muttered to himself as he stared at the cars in front of him, sighing softly and chewing the inside of his cheek mindlessly.
John laughed disbelievingly, “All I know is you have an annoying brother.”
“I,” He swallowed, and then cleared his throat, looking down and away, skin blanched, and mind whirling, “I’m sorry, I was looking for the exit.”
Sherlock blinked, “It’s okay. It’s not your fault.”
Molly? :)
“I can’t,” Sherlock uttered, hushed and quiet, trying desperately to hide the lie.
Wilkes leaned back in mock hurt and glanced over at Sholto and Moran, pouting teasingly and placing his hand atop his heart, looking as though he’d just been slapped by his mother.
was something that wouldn’t go away without something breaking, something shattering, something hurting.
in my favor."
John pulled Sherlock in front of him and grinned, moving to hold both of those slender, pale hands in his, and beginning to sway as best he could, lifted their hands up with every step he took forwards, and back down again when he stepped aside.
“I understand,” Sherlock had nodded, and forced a small smile, glancing up at John, their eyes meeting, a kaleidoscope of green and silver and blue coming face to face with a swarming, stormy, navy sea.
John slowly shutting the door behind them, and clearing his throat, eventually knocked Sherlock from his thoroughly fizzled and more than wistful thoughts. He turned and smiled shyly, before plopping himself down onto John’s navy bed, lying flat on his back and letting out a heavy sigh.
John’s brow furrowed and he crossed his arms over his chest, “That
: John, can’t wait for your next video, my dude! My sister and I watch you all the time here in lil ol’ Arkansas. Patiently waiting for the next new-vid notification from you!
“God, yeah,” John chuckled, rolling his eyes outwardly at himself, “Molly knows all about my very obvious pining.”
They were silent for a moment, staring down at the table with lingering grins before Sherlock sat upwards again, eyes trained determinedly on John, his head tilted slightly to the side as he watched the rugby captain look attentively back at him.
: …is it with Sherlock. Please let it be with Sherlock.
Sherlock arched a brow, attempting to tug his arm from Mycroft's grip, but failing, "A reminder of what exactly?"
With a joyful skip in his gait, John quickly made his way out of Baker’s main entrance, pushing the two rather gigantic doors open and leaping down the steps. Somehow he’d managed to get Sherlock Holmes, the one and only, to an outing. Part of him hoped, deep down, that Sherlock was beginning to trust him, that his cool exterior, that mask he put on everyday, would soon drop and reveal the true, scared but incredible, genius behind it. This was clearly a step forward - he’d buy the boy a coffee, chat with him, learn things, truly to get to know the dark, curly-haired boy who hid in the only corner lunch table, and be sure he was aware that John considered him a friend. Because John truly did - Sherlock was more of a friend than any of his other mates, the idiots that had somehow wormed their way into his life and only stuck around to insult others, pester, and brag. But he did need Molly, he did need Greg, and now, he was beginning to think he needed Sherlock too.
Sherlock slammed the door to the dormitories as loud as he could possibly manage, glaring at the dozens of empty boxes and parents lingering about, some of the loitering figures merely butlers sent to help some rich business man’s child move in.
“Quite the catch,” John chuckled, shaking his head in amusement at his friend, his fingertips just grazing Sherlock’s back once more, sending goosebumps over the forefront of his arms.
Now it was only his.
Dee @
“Obviously.”
“He bloody
. To you. Romantically.”
— the last thing he had wanted was to stand for thirty minutes sucking face behind the boy’s locker room and beside the gym’s dumpsters, hands on his already tender skin, muscles sore from dancing, and fingers running along his sheer black tights. But no matter how much Sherlock’s heart tried to tell him to leave, to get away, that Victor was pointless, his head told him Victor loved him and he should be lucky to have even an inch of what he was given, day by day.
“I’d never hurt you, remember?”
John tossed a pillow at her, but she expertly maneuvered out of the way.
John nodded, trying desperately to give him the confidence to go on.
They were silent for what felt like ages, and he loathed it – he loathed that they were spending the three minutes they had blankly staring off into space.
With a laugh, John nodded and touched onto the small icon at the bottom of the screen, opening up his camera and taking a quick picture of his shoes and the hall's pale, pink tiled floor, "Hey, at least I have practically everyone speculating that my rugby coach is the next Doctor."
With a scoff of disbelief, Sherlock shook his head and found himself glaring at the blonde boy, his brows drawn forwards in utter confusion, “You came all the way over here, from your usual table, just to ask how I am?”
“Do you though?” Greg asked, drawing John attention once more.
watsonmyface
In a rapid movement that shouldn’t have been entirely possible with how intoxicated Irene Adler was, the woman was in his face, eyes narrowed and brows furrowed, red lips pursed in annoyance and hands on her sharp hips.
“So, he proceeds to tell me that England doesn't have a kidney bank,” Greg spat out, eyes wide as he told his story, hands lifting and falling animatedly, “but it does have a Liverpool!”
“I’m so proud of you,” She informed him, patting his cheek with the length of her fingers.
, and he was about to watch John play rugby.
: me too John
Sherlock had to hold back a laugh.
*Notice: TW for homophobic language.
He had been
I have made a Twitter called: reachmyeyes. Here you can see updates and info on when the next chapters will be coming out and even submit any sort of fanart if you like! Give me a follow to keep up to date with RME!
John narrowed his eyes, smiling in confusion before gently typing a response.
and Sherlock let his heart take over for once, spurring his lips into motion.
thing with Molly once, maybe we could do that too, or whatever.”
The first thing he noticed was how soft — as soft as they looked — and how warm,
Sherlock sighed, shook his head and shoved his phone into his back pocket, “They watch the
But he wouldn't dare say a word of that to the face of the man in front of him.
Beeface for days @
exit that he really couldn't be bothered to use properly.
“Bet he came to stare at your
Sherlock merely scowled and glanced down at his pastry, merely half of it left, awaiting his rumbling stomach. But he’d lost his appetite.
of it,” He spat out in rebuttal, glancing back to see the dark-haired boy smirking at him, his appearance entirely clean and untouched, a stark contrast to Sebastian, “God forbid Baker has
At dinner, John’s mother asked him all the average questions Sherlock supposed a mother would —
Molly stood back and glanced at the two of them, her eyes shining in the shimmering lights, wide and delighted, her head shaking back and forth as she admired their own costumes, something pulling cheekily at the corner of her lips.
uploaded a new video:
“What’s climbed up
Sherlock kept his hands at his sides.
And with that, he shoved his phone away and ignored any further vibrations, listening instead to the teacher and quietly observing Sherlock in his peripheral vision.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock uttered back a bit shakily, eyes still shut, trying desperately to get his heart rate under control.
And it was because of his aching that he stormed into his bedroom at a frantic pace, curls tumbling this way and that in their messy state, trembling hands removing the slightly loose plank of wood from his floor, and ripping out the stocked baggy from its thorough hiding place.
“Stop staring.”
And so, Sherlock had never let it out of his sight, keeping it near wherever he went, whenever he went.
Sherlock was both irritated and surprised with himself. Irritated because bloody hell he'd made a complete fool of himself in front of John Watson, the John Watson. And surprised because he'd never thought he would even be able to manage an entire sentence towards the boy without hyperventilating.
“Oi,” James pleaded, tone of voice annoyingly whiny, “I’m serious, mate. Just because you and Wilkes have some shit going on, don’t mean I’m gonna just drop you.”
—“ John groaned and turned to glare at her, though it lacked heat, “We are
,” and John was more than grateful for that.
“Thank you,” John stated, bobbing his head in a grateful gesture, to which Greg Lestrade duplicated before spinning dramatically and making his way out of the dining hall.
“Oi, alright
: BLESS YOU
“Alright,” John announced as they wandered into his room, the same four walls Sherlock had grown to feel his utmost safest within in only a small amount of time, all navy blue and riddled with tacky posters, the planet pillow atop his made bed reminding Sherlock of its softness, of waking up beside John.
Sherlock waits, key lifted to the door handle, frozen in place, not sure what he expects John to say, not sure what he wants to hear, not sure if he wants to hear anything at all.
Jessica @
meet-up, this Sherlock friend better be there because 1. Hot and 2. Gay
They both entered with sighs of relief at the warmth that enveloped them, a small fireplace crackling in the corner of the diner, before John turned to the hostess and grinned, greeting her with a kind ‘hello’ and lifting up two fingers, to which she beamed and grabbed two menus, guiding them over to a small table alone and secluded from the mere few people that were currently going about their meals. She left the menu cards with them and asked for their drinks — a water for the both of them — before disappearing behind the bar only a few feet away.
required.”
“Denial?” Sherlock had spat out in disgust, shaking his head and gazing at John with arched brows. “How can you
Sighing, John grabbed hold of the school’s main doors, yanking one of them open by its handle and waiting for Molly to enter first before quickly following behind, head turning with his upside down thoughts, spinning and churning within his gut, desperate for answers.
“Holy shit!” John laughed brightly, positively beaming now, as he glanced up to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
Fuck it all.
“I’m calling it, mate,” John stated and turned to move towards his date, an even warmer smile blooming across his expression at the sight of him.
He groaned to himself, staring begrudgingly at the copy of
“Sorry, John,” Sherlock uttered suddenly, and John blinked in confusion, “Seems you’ll have to celebrate your victory
He wasn’t listening at all because his mind wasn’t working and his heart was overpowering his brain’s every warning and suddenly he was reaching out, leaning forwards, glancing from eyes to moving lips, and back again. And then John was turning to look at him, his words, whatever they consisted of, whatever he was prattling on about trailing off into a crashing wave of silence against the air, his eyes widening and his lips parting in surprise, and Sherlock had no idea what he was doing but he was doing it anyway. He turned in his position agains the hard surface of Stamford’s front porch, allowed himself to enclose upon John’s personal space, and pressed his lips to those pink, plush ones he’d been fantasizing about since he’d first watched John Watson’s YouTube videos all those years ago, high as a kite and dreaming of a better way to fade into oblivion.
Maybe John would have to put her in one of his videos someday.
He typed out a simple message.
“And?”
“There we go,” John said next, his voice far softer than before, the kind of tone he’d use to comfort Sherlock or promise him all would be well — the same tone he’d used in the car that night when Sherlock had all but pushed him away with his words.
booming from downstairs and the slight shuffling of their every movement.
“Somewhat,” John replied shakily, “He’s watched a few of my videos, talked to me about it — he’s cool with it as long as I do something else.”
are you talking about?”
, though sometimes she did press a bit too much.
“And?” John shook his head, “If you’re
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” John chuckled, shaking his head yet again and shrugging his shoulders lightly, as though his body were acting out of his control. “I can’t help it; I’m still processing.”
it. His every intelligent thought was being quite successfully replaced with human error. He could hardly call himself a genius for far longer if he kept this up — this
“What just happened?” He asked softly, turning to watch the steps to the basement, as if expecting to see Sherlock flying back down them in a hurry to return to John’s side.
No. He couldn’t run away anymore.
like him. Like, not
Carl leaned forwards, and the group followed, voices hushed now to a near whisper, “He’s completely bonkers. A right freak.”
“On to a more interesting subject of conversation,” Greg stated before placing both his forearms atop the table and leaning forward, arching a brow curiously towards the group, “who plans on going to Mike’s space party?”
“Ocean eyes,” Sherlock whispered softly, more to himself rather than John, but the rugby captain heard the hushed words and glanced over, the very same warm smile on that perfectly sculpted, tan face.
Just as he was debating between running back to the bathroom to double check his appearance, the itch to wipe all the makeup off and go simply as Sherlock Holmes —
The boy beside him suddenly took on a look of utter determination, and John watched as Sherlock Holmes became completely and utterly consumed by a simple game of Knots and Crosses.
With another soft laugh, John nodded and shrugged a shoulder, “Fair enough.”
Sherlock inhaled deeply, eyes fluttering just slightly, shoulders tightening expectantly and body shivering at the warmth of John’s skin pressing against the cold surface of his cheek. But instead of pressing his lips to Sherlock’s, John lifted his chin and let his mouth brush against the surface of his forehead, and Sherlock swears he’s never been treated with as much love as this in all his lifetime.
He pointed his toes, hands flowing downwards like waves of a waterfall, guiding the entirety of the viewer’s eye with the curve of his slender pale back, the wings of a bee bending and weaving.
Sherlock nodded once, swallowed, looked away and then turned around, striding off with the long length of his spindly legs and heading around the corner of the locker room and towards the showers.
He wondered what John would think. What if John hated this specific project? What if he uploaded his video and John loathed it so much he stopped watching? What if he unsubscribed? Sherlock’s pen stopped moving and he swallowed, looking down at the messy script doodled across the page. No. If John were anything like his friends, he’d probably agree that Sherlock needed a change, needed to “spice things up a bit.” But John wasn’t like his friends, was he? John had liked Sherlock’s videos. He’d liked the classic instrumentals and the soft melancholy compositions Sherlock stayed up all hours working on. John
“Deduces things?” John asked, frowning.
“You know, I’ve had the biggest crush on
, “What about you then, Molls?”
, but, when she did, it was light and reassuring, comforting in the utmost and entirely soothing to Sherlock’s somewhat frazzled nerves. With a nod, she confirmed his questioning tone and carefully got to her feet, smoothing down her yellow dress and shooting him a genuine smile, extending a small hand towards him, to which he slowly, carefully, accepted. She shook his palm and, with a somewhat melancholy expression, softly stated, “I’m Molly, in case you didn’t know. And if you ever find yourself needing someone who isn’t
friends.”
“Figured you might be out here so I thought I’d join you,” John said softly, folding his legs in a criss-cross position and resting his arms atop them, “and what fun is a party if you’re not there with me?”
John swallowed and gathered his courage, reaching forward and placing his hands on thin hips, gripping them tightly and slowly dragging Sherlock towards him, watching as the beautiful boy before him refocused his attention of the rugby captain, eyes wide and bright and bewildered but not unhappy, not uncomfortable, and John praised himself for making the move.
: John, oh my fucking god. WHO.
Bruises didn't exactly help his freakish looks, or diminish the attention he didn't want. At least it was fading. Chewing on his bottom lip, he yanked his backpack up from the bathroom floor and hoisted it back onto his shoulder, only to lean back down again and drag his duffle bag upwards as well.
John scoffed and shrugged yet again, glancing at Sherlock and wincing slightly, “I don’t miss the fighting.”
Lady White @
John, much to his own embarrassment, found himself blushing, a bright, crimson red, and was genuinely glad Sherlock wasn’t currently looking at him with those scrutinizing eyes.
“What, seriously?”
With a nod of affirmation, Mike trailed beside him as they made their way toward the stretching group of rugby players, each of them laughing and teasing and joking and snickering to themselves. It just fueled John’s already brewing anger.
“Hello fags,” Wilkes’ voice shot up over Sholto’s ridiculous tale, as he slammed his tray of food down and smirked at the other boys sat before him.
Sherlock smirked, wide and devious, licking his lips and shrugging a shoulder, “When my mother wasn’t looking I’d slip away and change the labels of all the paintings in the art gallery.”
“You’re all mouth and no trousers,” Mike snarled out playfully, shaking his head, declining to stoop so low as to believe the absurdity of his friend’s words.
” Sherlock groaned, but kept his eyes on John.
“All this time,” John spat, and Sherlock, a bit slow
: I still stand by my VERY strong assumption that @
Sherlock’s own eyes opened then, wide and bright, and he gazed back at John like the boy held Sherlock’s entire world in the words that left his mouth, his lips parted slightly, speechless for once, in a way John had never seen before, and the rugby captain took pride in the fact that he’d rendered such a genius without a response. And before John could give him the time to think one up, he leaned forwards, pressing his forehead to Sherlock’s, humming to himself softly before he swallowed and shut his eyes tight, staring into the dark abyss and reveling in the warmth of Sherlock’s hips beneath the damp fabric where his hand still sat and the curve of his jaw and cheek cupped perfectly in the arch of his palm.
: hi okay me too but is someone hurting you? We all love you John don’t let them get to you
He watches that charming smile flicker across the brunette’s face, bright and cheeky, the slightest bit of white teeth revealed with the lift of those lips, “It’s satisfactory.”
John’s eyes dropped to where Sherlock had obviously been chewing nervously on his bottom lip, the slice across the plump flesh oozing red liquid sickeningly slowly, and, without even thinking, he reached for the small pack of tissues he kept close in his glove compartment and rapidly yanked one out, lifting his hand to press the white cloth against Sherlock’s lips. The boy jerked back in surprise and glared at John, eyes narrowed and glossy, clearing uncertain of whether or not he was safe, alone with John in some back alleyway, a sketchy side road where anything could happen — where John could turn on him and leave him for dead if he’d liked.
“Is this what you do in your free time?” James interrogated in amusement, expression frighteningly teasing, “Watch some queer tiptoe around a studio, and play sad violin songs?”
— body pressed up against his navy duvet and head lying on his little planet-shaped pillow —
"Welcome, welcome, welcome," She began merrily, her eyes bright, but not at all comforting, "Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favor."
“What the bloody hell are you doing?”
Their eyes met and remained far too attached for a good while, those same oceans meeting the very same kaleidoscopes, lidded and gentle, a string of words passing through them that neither had the ability to read, two looks of utter fondness, before John parted his lips and said his name with a smile.
Sherlock whirled to face her, dark curls bouncing across his forehead as he watched her curiously, skeptically, "What?"
It was silent for a good while, Sherlock simply staring blankly, taking in all that he could, John Watson, still in that same outfit, there and not there, existent and non-existent, visible and so very invisible it shook Sherlock to his very core. He swallowed the knot in his throat and gathered his words, those sweet, sweet chemicals sinking further into his veins.
This, however, was so complexly different, it had his chest squeezing in want, in need, in a slight bit of desperation.
Cheeks pink and eyes wide, he dropped his gaze and nervously reached for his coffee, taking a few sips and glancing away from the boy across from him — but, because John was John, he found himself looking right back after a mere five seconds, only to see the blonde positively beaming his way, a bit of snark in his smile, and that ever-present gentleness drowning those blue eyes.
He dropped his foot flat and then pushed up, to the very top of his pink shoe, body nearly light as a feather, arms outstretched.
The rugby captain rested his back against the wall next to him and let out a chuckle, shaking his head as his eyed landed on Irene practically owning the dance floor, her hands on some girl’s hips, a dangerous grin on her red lips. “She took good care of you, I see,” John rolled his eyes and bumped Sherlock with his shoulder, “Silly of me to trust
“Yes,” Sherlock uttered, “Yes, I do.”
The rugby captain turned to witness a lanky, thin being sauntering quickly through the door, long legs striding outwards in front of him as he hugged a duffle bag to his chest. The dark haired boy glanced up from the mobile phone in his hand and froze, eyes widening as he came face to face with John, what looked like silver meeting ocean blue.
Sherlock woke with a splitting headache, limbs numb and body buzzing with unease as he untangled himself from the leather clutches of his small, living room chair, blinking consciousness back into his sleep-deprived and drug-addled mind. He swayed unsteadily on his feet, inhaling sharply, glancing over towards the coffee table with mute confusion and narrowing his eyes at the small cup of tea sitting ominously on its wooden surface. It certainly hadn’t been his doing and it took a moment for his intoxicated thoughts to summarize the event as Ms. Hudson’s handiwork. With a long drawn-out sigh, he reached for it and lifted it to his pale lips, wincing at the hardly warm temperature but forcing it down anyway, throat parched and body desperately thirsty. He heard soft footsteps on the stairs outside his flat’s door and he braced himself for an entourage of noise and reprimanding retorts, expecting the small elderly woman to come waddling into 221b with an unforgiving sense of determination to both make him eat and force him into his bedroom for a good and proper bit of rest.
John hummed, intrigued, “What kind?”
Yet again, another rarity.
Sherlock smirked, nodded and then finally –
“Gives me a chance to entertain and perform without being in front of a live audience,” John chuckled and looked up at Sherlock, smirk back on his face as he leaned his head down a bit to take a sip of his coffee, right after adding, “And it’s bloody good fun.”
by him — every single
“You’re pushing your luck, kiddo,” His uncle whispered, a devastatingly ominous smirk lining his lips, and his hand twisted against the skin of Sherlock’s wrist.
“Stamford’s putting on a pre-game party,” Sholto continued with a smile, “You in?”
Slowly, bravely, he peeked through the small crease between the custodian closet’s door and wall, watching and waiting only to gasp as a blonde rugby captain came into view, the boy’s chest heaving with exertion, a look of pure excitement and determination brewing in the depths of his features.
Butterbum @
, but because he was utterly, and entirely,
Satisfied, his uncle dropped his wrist and chuckled as Sherlock quickly cradled it to his chest, wincing a bit as he saw the red, raw, already forming marks pressed into the pale shade of his skin. He turned towards his bedroom and made to disappear, holding the door with his good hand and preparing to close it behind him before his uncle grunted out, “Sunday tomorrow, yeah? Don’t be here.”
“I swear on my bloody life, Molls,” John chuckled into the speaker, holding his phone tightly to his ear and grabbing the practically weightless pizza box from his desk, rolling his eyes at the single piece left over from last night’s movie night - a movie night that included himself, junk food, and his most prized possession: his full boxset of Bond films. Harry and his mum had both been working - and he hadn’t been in the mood for company.
: it sure is!
John found himself staring for far too long until he turned to smile, wide and excited, at Molly, whirling around and jogging towards his new friend, crossing the rest of the field and ducking past the number of parents, of whom paid him no mind. He came to a slow halt in front of the tall, thin figure, rugby uniform and all, and swallowed thickly, not entirely sure what to say but utterly overjoyed that Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him in that very moment.
“Irene,” John scoffed from beside Sherlock, lifting a hand to the back of his neck awkwardly and rubbing at the back of his hairline, his feet shifting slightly as though he were trying to collect himself in the presence of this annoyingly attractive woman.
And somehow, after some fiddling of the tourniquet and the awfully irritating inaccuracy of his shaking fingers, Sherlock was blissfully, and
“That’s part of your whole deduction thing, isn’t it?” John asked, gazing forwards and spotting the coffee shop just up ahead.
John let out one hearty laugh before smiling widely at Sherlock and shrugging the shoulder his school bag hung from, "Yeah, I guess so, huh?"
Swallowing thickly and glancing up at James, John took a sip of his water bottle, leaving his school lunch untouched, and hummed to himself, muttering a soft, “‘Course.”
Sherlock
“I’m only going if you’re going, John,” Molly stated, eyes focused on the screen of her phone now resting in her hands of which sat atop the table, thumb lazily moving across the screen as she scrolled through what looked like Tumblr, aesthetic paintings and photographs of flowers filling the screen.
instead of
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes, beginning to saunter away in his fixed direction, back turned to John as he strode by his frazzled state, sights trained forward, body tense, stiff with discomfort, unsettled and on edge, always expecting another blow even when the giver of such was no longer around.
John blinked and then let out a single, sharp laugh, “Right. Not a joke then.”
John lifted his head attentively and smirked a bit, chewing on his bottom lip in a way that sent sparks from the knot in Sherlock’s throat, all the way down to the swelling of desire in his gut.
, John,” She said, voice softer, more sincere, “You have nothing to worry about.”
John scoffed and shook his head, “Bit unnatural, that.”
“What did I
“Yes. Saturday at six.”
When John pulled the old Toyota into school Friday morning, he could already spot Molly Hooper sprinting across the student parking lot and over to where John was gingerly aligning his car between the two, parallel lines. He watched as she waited, bouncing on the balls of her feet, hands grasping the straps of her spotty pink backpack so hard her knuckles were beginning to turn white.
And when Sherlock had shaken his head, John had grinned and turned back to the front of the classroom, listening intently to his maths teacher as their lecture began, all the while aware of the mystifying cerulean-green-gray eyes boring into the side of his face.
Wow, SO much has happened since I last updated and I'm so sorry for the wait.
“I know your genuine one when I see it,” The blonde added, before bumping Sherlock’s shoulder with his own, winking gently and wearing that warm smile, gentle and inviting, a look that said so many,
“If that’s all you have to say, I think I really should be going,” Sherlock barked, limping onward and catching John’s attention once more.
Sherlock dropped his eyes to his black sock clad feet, trying his best to ignore his uncle's oncoming scowl.
John held back every bone in his body from moving forward and stating that that
, and if John tossed him aside now, the withdrawals would certainly kill him.
“Sure,” John beamed, nodding his head.
Mars @
John laughed loudly and readjusted his backpack before beginning the small walk to Baker’s main hall, Molly trailing along beside him as he bobbed his head in confirmation, “Of course, I have.”
“Sherlock Holmes. Come on you.”
He watched as Sherlock snickered, shaking his head at John’s question, and causing the rugby captain to redden in humorous embarrassment. He blushed and looked down, lifting a hand to rub at the back of his neck. “Oi, don’t judge.”
John couldn’t help the enormous amount of giggles that came soaring from his chest, so loud and breathless that he had to cover his mouth with his hand, shaking his head in admiration before righting himself and smiling brightly, “You truly are a
He finished up in the shower and quickly headed back to his room, a towel wrapped loosely around his hips as he approached his dresser, quickly changing into a pair of baggy sweatpants and choosing to remain shirtless.
“‘Course you can. Harry’ll be working, and my mum’ll be sleeping. I’m going to be bored to tears; not to mention I’ll need someone to procrastinate with me on that bloody literature paper,” He chuckled and forced a brave wink, lifting a shoulder and beaming brightly at the sleepy genius before him.
Sherlock hummed and looked thoughtful, his brows drawing forwards in faux question, his tone playful and curious, “Is that all I’m good for? Saving you from Anderson’s
He beamed, brushed a hand down his maroon sweater and navy jeans, before lifting his head to find Greg, leaning patiently against Baker’s outer walls, staring directly at John’s joyful form approaching. The rugby captain braced himself, swallowing a bit nervously and taking a deep breath as he slowed his pace and allowed an even wider grin to take over the forefront of his features, warm and friendly.
Harry lifted a shoulder carelessly and fixed him with a rather serious glare, “I can spare a few minutes for my baby brother, you tit.”
John scoffed and shook his head, grabbing his bag from the passenger seat, yanking it over his shoulder and shutting the door behind him as he stepped out of the car. He clicked lock and took a deep breath, watching as Sherlock stopped outside the school gates, just slightly hidden from view, to finish his cigarette, nimble fingers shaking slightly from the bitter cold of morning.
“John,” Molly snorted, staring at his pathetic state with an arched brow, “He sees you everyday; he’s not going to care what you wear to some party.”
Sherlock nodded his head, once, “Cleats are rather tactful.”
. John was smiling, at
“I’d prefer you didn’t go through my things,” The deep baritone growled out, and John swallowed the knot in his throat, his mind whirling with revelation and apology.
Whenever he was given leave to come home for a few days, she’d stay at Clara’s, more than eager to stay away from the man. On more than one occasion, John would hear Harry mumble to herself about how glad she was that their “old man” was in the military.
“Mum in?” John turned back to his sister, expression taking on a more casual appearance, lips just slightly curved, brows lifted with his questioning tone.
“Yes, of course.”
“Yeah, well,” Sholto shrugged, “that was yesterday.”
He heard the rage-filled intake of breath, before a foot kicked hard at the door, a snarl sliding from his uncle’s lips, “Don’t you dare mouth off to me, boy.”
: 28,321
Enjoy Yellow!
Instead of a proper answer, of something John could work with, help with, Sherlock merely gazed down, grabbed his jumper sleeve and yanked it completely and utterly over the entirety of his pale limb, only his fingertips peaking out of the black fabric, before he turned away and out the window, throat bobbing while he swallowed.
Sherlock fixed his camera to it’s tripod and let out a long, rather drawn-out sigh, shaking his head as he switched the device on and to recording mode. He’d be an idiot, of course – thinking that he could talk to another human being without there being repercussions. Fraternizing with another put himself in a vulnerable state. And John – captain of the rugby team, up in the popular scale, golden boy of Baker – was the worst person he could have possibly chosen.
to blow it.
“Shut up, Lestrade,” James spat out, tossing his fork at the boy in utter irritation, shaking his head at the nerve, and glancing away, crossing his arms over his chest sulkily.
"Well, I bet my hat that was your sister, wasn't it?"
Sherlock's Dance:
Because Sherlock Holmes didn't show emotions.
“I’m sorry,” John winced and dropped his hand.
“Well, I play rugby,” John stated, smiling as Greg, Bill and James lit up with intrigue, “and I’d love to be a part of the GSA, maybe even the debate team?”
find out.
“Yes, I did,” Haymitch then began, “She was a career – I didn’t stand a chance. But luck was on my side that day. And so,” He held his arms out, gesturing towards himself with a large, conniving grin, “here I am.”
: adorable af
week without
Sherlock shook his head and gulped, running a hand through his haphazard curls and looking away, gesturing weakly to the staircase, "No, but I do have homework so if you don't mind -"
He wouldn't get a salute; in fact, he probably wouldn't get much of anything, besides an overwhelming amount of pity.
John shrugged and smirked softly, lifting his arm and wrapping it swiftly around Sherlock’s shoulders, placing it there almost possessively and leaving it to rest softly on his shoulders, Sherlock’s side pressed firmly against John’s own. “Well, he’s
When the blonde continued to stare and remain silent, Sherlock forced himself to look back up at the boy, his eyes narrowing in question, putting on his trusty
And with that, Mycroft shoved him backwards, glowering his way as he stumbled to reclaim his balance.
The thin brunette held his breath when they finally reached a single door at the end of the corridor, and when John pushed it open, in what felt like slow motion, Sherlock froze and took it all in with observant eyes, categorizing everything — every detail, every item, hue, misplaced thing, all the minute objects that made up the very soul and undertone of John Watson. Sherlock gazed at the desk first — wooden and tall, a computer sitting atop its surface, a cup of neatly sharpened pencils alongside it, books stacked amongst one another with titles like,
Something popular and likeable. Something “
John nodded and let out a sharp, degrading laugh, "Yeah, and yet they still torment him."
: oooooh, what’s got ya saying that?
John H. Watson: I, for one, have had the best day. I hope you’re all well. :)
The boy atop him didn’t seem offended, merely apologetic and he quickly hurried to get off Sherlock’s squashed figure, lifting himself upwards and dropping the box on the floor before extending a helping hand.
Oh dearie dear @
,” Sherlock snapped and John’s heart sunk, until the brunette shook his head and ruffled his curls once more, “no, no. I couldn’t possibly.”
John exhaled softly and smiled, nodding his head slowly and eagerly typing back to the boy.
“He speaks,” the mentor chuckled, his sights shifting toward Effie who was glowering his way, scowling as though warning Haymitch to behave. “I was beginning to think you were a mute.”
Trish @
Harriet went about digging into her food with brute force, Clara sat beside her — a uniquely dressed, red-headed girl Sherlock had been briefly introduced to earlier on in the evening before Harry had yanked her off to her bedroom to do God knows what. She was sweet, friendly to each and every one of them, a bit teasing towards John but not half as dedicated to the act as Harry. She wore a bright, flower patterned dress, and her eyes were coated in both heavy eyeliner and eyeshadow, mouth painted red. Sherlock glanced at them often, deducing by their posture that they were holding hands beneath the table, decoding that the two of them both shared the weight of a father’s disapproval, that they both were entirely in love.
“You seem to be struggling,” Sherlock commented, smirking to himself as John fumbled a bit with the clanky metal thing, his heart clenching with how very cute the boy was.
“What’s going on with you and Sherlock?” His friend whispered, his tone quiet and hushed, as though he didn’t want any passing classmates to hear specifically
“Look, Sherlock, about tonight —“
“I don’t blame you, of course,” Irene continued, “I’d let him take up residence in my bed.”
“No, Sherlock,” His brother started and suddenly there was a hand on the collar of Sherlock’s shirt, yanking him forward, roughly and forcefully, “I, of all people, believe that you have a chance. You just need to get your bloody head out of your arse.”
“Anderson,” Sherlock coughed, lifting a hand to scratch the back of his head simple-mindedly, even if he was still out of the camera’s view.
Sherlock chuckled shyly and glanced at him, his voice shaking, “Alright, Dr. Watson.”
Luka @
“Oh, you’ve got to show me that,” John mused excitedly, turning to grin at Sherlock, and, seemingly, taking him by surprise, the darker-haired boy’s face softening in bewilderment, as though he’d expected John to, instead, call him a liar - or worse: a
Emotionally compromised. Emotionally
, shut up,” John moaned in utter humiliation, heart thumping rapidly in his chest as though he’d suddenly uttered his deepest and darkest secret, when in reality he hadn’t said a word.
of Sherlock Holmes, that he nearly missed the boy himself, dressed in his ever-present hooded jumper, walking along a cement path away from Baker, drenched to the bone in water, rain pummeling down upon him as he braved the horrid weather, duffle bag tucked beneath is arm and backpack atop his shoulders.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” He scoffed, arching a brow and elevating his arms in a questioning shrug, “We’ve started a practice game, ya bloody dimwit.”
He was rewarded with a shove to his shoulder, and he quickly whirled around to glare bitterly at his older sibling, her expression one of utter exasperation.
Lady White @
Sherlock blinked, glanced around the cafeteria, ignored the eyes gazing upon John as though he were mentally unstable for sitting with
John glanced back up, eyes wide and jaw open just slightly, perplexed and unaware, “What?”
: it’s because you’re a nerd that we love you silly boy
“Bloody right it is,” John inhaled sharply and chewed on the side of his cheek, running a hand through his hair as he searched through the inner contents of their mostly empty fridge, “He’s been right under our nose this whole time.”
“The refreshments,” Haymitch replied, and, as if on cue, took a sip of whatever the hell it was that he was drinking.
He, instead, glanced over at Lestrade — his head was down, silver hair looking far too ironically grey, vision watery, raw emotion pulling at the edge of his lips, his stubbled chin wrinkling with an effort to keep the tears at bay. Sally Donavon was silent beside him, expression pained, sights fixed atop the flowers, a frown forcing her brows forward, a permanent grimace setting into her features.
John gawked a bit at him, his head whirling from watching the road to watching Sherlock, eyes narrowed as he frowned in confusion, before all his features simultaneously softened, a warm smile saving the harsh concern sprawled across his expression, “Because I care about you, Sherlock Holmes.”
John smiled softly to himself and gestured to Mike with a flick of his head toward the exit, sauntering lightly over to and passed the shy boy, curls falling atop his forehead and the back of his pale neck as he stared blankly at the ground, chewing on his bottom lip.
2,088 views. 1k Likes, 0 Dislikes.
Somehow his uncle had noticed far before Charles could even think about making a move; he’d given Sherlock a right and proper slap that night, yelling spiteful words, calling him a pervert and a fairy, blaming him for catching Magnusson’s eye, rather than Magnusson for even looking.
Sooner than he’d expected, and certainly sooner than he’d hoped, John was turning to the camera with a small, comforting smile, eyes sparkling, “I just want to say thank you to each and every one of you for watching. Leave a comment detailing an experience you had, or are currently having, in secondary school, and leave a like for Sherlock’s brilliance.”
Demon Dean @
Anyhow, this is a longer chapter than usual, so I do hope you enjoy it.
He yanked the hem of his borrowed shirt down over the back of his torso and whirled around to meet John’s eyes, his heart soaring upwards, into the lining of his throat, his air supply momentarily cut off as he watched a look of recognition dawn across the entirety of John’s expressions, his features opening wide with realization, jaw dropping agonizingly slowly.
He’d gotten to boss around Wilkes and Sholto today, much to his utmost joy, and on top of it all, he’d been successful with Sherlock - well, somewhat successful.
“I don’t know,” She mused, a tilt in her tone that signified utter mischief, “You took a walk together, talked, bonded —  you even bought him his coffee.”
, he had another option.
It was the only thing that kept him from giving up, that reminded him that he could, in fact, defeat what terrified him.
. I promise.”
— a light chuckle slip through the calm and composed line of his plush, pink lips.
Gently, as if to not scare Sherlock away, John whispered, voice quiet and warm, “I really hope you’re okay.”
“Finding out you were theballetbee was incredible,” John whispered against his lips, “but it was just a bonus. It didn’t change how I felt about you.”
John opened his mouth once more, looking as though he were going to refuse their offer yet again, when Irene was back at their side, a cup with something red and bubbly inside in her hand as she smirked their way, red lips lifting in knowing.
In the end, it was the pinging of Sherlock’s text alert that sent him flying forwards out of his bed, heart beating unnaturally fast, thin form cold and, not surprisingly, missing a John Watson — though, he had been gifted with the beginnings of a morning hard-on. “Wonderful,” He snapped quietly to himself and took a long, calming breath. How pathetic — the mere thought of John Watson touching him, his fingers on his skin, warm and soft and gentle; Christ, he was losing his bloody mind, how entirely unacceptable.
And finally Sherlock met his older brother’s eyes, and hoped that somehow he had managed to summon enough pure rage to scare off the man of whom had just insulted his only real reason to live, his only real reason to be Sherlock Holmes.
“Good boy,” John stated, nodding his head proudly and taking pleasure in the bright pink shade that found its way up Sherlock’s cheeks, even beneath the droplets of rainwater that had begun sliding from his hair down and over the entirety of his face. The rugby captain reached forward to flick on the heating, even harder and warmer than before, and smiled softly as Sherlock brought his hands up to the air vent, eyes fluttering shut as he reveled in returning the proper warmth to his fingers.
He heard her soft footsteps as she quickly jogged up next to him, joining in a steady pace by his side.
Elliot J.
John smiled, bright and comforting and reassuring, removing a hand from beneath Sherlock’s shirt and letting his fingers slide along his pale cheek, moving to tuck a stray curl behind his ear, “Good thing I’m absolutely
“John,” He breathed again, just because he could, chest rising and falling rapidly where he sat against the cool porcelain, lips quivering, fingers trembling in the lukewarm bath water.
John hadn't been, whatsoever, because, to him, at this very moment, watching a skinny, ethereal boy with curly hair huddle up in his thick sweater and scribble in his odd notebook, was far more intriguing than listening to another one of Sholto’s mundane ex-girlfriend stories.
“Right,” Her smile faltered – just a little, “So, when do we start?”
After they finished their film —
Sherlock had whirled back around and titled his head, brows furrowed, eyes narrowed, lips drawn down in a pout, “It is not.”
He then winked and flashed a grin, moving back from the door and sauntering towards the exit. Sherlock watched as he blew a mocking kiss and vanished, slipping outside of his dormitory.
John felt the anger welling up in his gut, “Controlling how?”
The boy snorted and lifted the plastic blow-up into the air with a holler of what sounded like pride before he lowered it and gave it a quick smooch to the cheek, “She’s my date, lad!”
Okay; I'm not going to fill this notes section with excuses but I am going to give a massive apology for the insanely long hiatus this fanfic took. Lots of life happened as I'm sure you all understand. I NEVER forgot about this little thing though. Nor all of your support and comments and love. I still had people messaging me on my Instagram asking for more and that means the absolute world to me. All I can hope for is that you all didn't give up on me too much! Because here I am. I'm excited to be back and going on this. Thank you to those of you who are still here and were so incredibly patient and understanding.
He missed that voice terribly, the one that shook with frustration but burned with an underlying fondness, as though the things Sherlock did bothered him incredibly, and yet he wouldn’t,
“No thanks, mate,” John said carefully, and Sherlock’s heart clenched.
told Sherlock when to eat,
And he had, and
No one would ever know.
John nodded, and Sherlock could have sworn those lips brushed the side of his neck.
“Said I’d been out snogging Jessica Hamm the night before and not my girlfriend,” Bill scoffed, gesturing wildly with his hands as though he had no clue where Sherlock had gotten that idea.
“What?” John mumbled fearfully as his cheeks where squished together, his voice coming out muffled and utterly ridiculous, his lips puckered like that of a fish.
“Finding out you were
“Why the fuck did you do that?” John’s voice sounded out, his brows drawn forwards, his lips turned downward in an expression that Sherlock could not pinpoint through the rain and the chaos of his heart and mind turning against him.
“Exactly. What an arse.”
The brunette scoffed bitterly, “What about me?”
“Cheers,” John beamed and sat at his desk, glancing once more at Sherlock before humming to himself and letting out a soft laugh, “Now sleep.”
“It must be hard,” Sherlock uttered softly.
Because now, he was alone.
, he didn’t want to be left alone but John’s friends were here and this was a party and he was quite sure parties were meant to be enjoyed, meant to involve having fun and playing games and smiling, laughing amongst people you click with, rebelling in silly ways and drinking copious amounts of alcohol. But John was standing here, beside him, looking shy and conflicted, with a drink in his hand that he hadn’t yet sipped. Sherlock simply couldn’t allow that. He wouldn’t take away John’s fun, he wouldn’t tie him down.
Sherlock, of course, knew how he felt, knew what he meant — obviously, he couldn’t admit to that. But that feeling, knowing that you’re going to reach the eyes of so many without having to
“Come on,” John begged, not forcefully, simply, with a gentle, imploring look.
“I was going to say because he’s sitting right beside me,” John smirked, eyes darting over and fixating on Sherlock’s hunched over position beside him, “but sure. That works too.”
"Sherlock!" A voice called out enthusiastically from behind him as he walked along a bare trail back to his small home in District 12, where he already knew his mother and brother would be impatiently waiting for him.
Greg shot him a wink and turned to leave, striding slowly after his friends, hands in his pockets.
Buzzy @
He watched as Sherlock blinked, inhaled sharply and then nodded, only once, head bobbing for merely a second as he faced John with an unreadable expression, “Yes, alright.”
bacon is to make?”
Just before ducking out the door, Sherlock passed Redbeard, sleeping soundly on a sheet of fabric, something he'd traded a squirrel for in the black market. Allowing a final smile to grace his lips, Sherlock approached the dog, stroked his ears, and kissed the soft fur just beneath his closed eye. When he pulled back, the hound was gazing curiously at him, his tail wagging as Sherlock whispered softly, "Goodbye, Redbeard."
“Eggs I can manage,” John snorted, and returned to the stove top, placing the things atop the bare surface to his right, “but what good are they without bacon?”
: you can’t just drop the most romantic inconspicuous sentence and not explain yourself good sir.
“Tell me something about you; what did
If literature were a person, John would stab them in their sleep.
"Abigail Hooper."
John blinked, cleared his throat and then slowly, awkwardly, grabbed his tray and got to his feet, watching as the dark-haired boy guided him back to his table, instructing his friend to move on over to another seat at the round surface simply so John could be at his side. Suspicious of the kindness, John remained quiet, taking note of the many faces fixated on his hunched position — they were all friendly, smiling and chipper, and John was far too in awe of the fact that people could actually be nice at Private schools.
“I thought you were hungry,” Sherlock swallowed, throat clenching, his breathing unsteady as he pulled away just slightly, lifting his arms once more to do up the last button.
“Not a fan of beer, then?” John smiled, trying his best to let him know it was okay, he didn’t mind either way — the last thing he’d want was Sherlock feeling pressured to drink in order to fit in with the tipsy crowd around them.
And worst of all,
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock snapped, tapping his phone to check the time and realizing, with a wince, that lunch was nearing an end.
“Why are you so nice?” The voice mumbled sleepily back to him, and John felt himself wince at the question, his heart clenching painfully in his chest at how simply it was asked.
John pursed his lips.
“Get going then, yeah?” John snapped teasingly, and his mates guffawed and shoved one another, making their way forwards, the blob of red jerseys making their way towards the rugby field where John could already hear the muffled sounds of a crowd moving in.
The old woman laughed and shook her head, tapping him lightly on the shoulder and sauntering daintily towards the studio exit, "You always say that."
’ Not to anyone.
Bloody hell, John
"Sherl," He scoffed, trying his best to sit up without spilling the expensive scotch in his hand, "You're back late."
!” Molly yelled out, appearing from behind a few onlookers swaying slowly, her eyes wide with mirth and mouth open and grinning, Greg’s strolling beside her, their hands interlocked. She was dressed in her favorite yellow dress, but her usual chestnut brown hair was replaced with a ridiculously vibrant lavender wig, another splash of yellow added to the curly purple hue in the form of a clip-on flower. Her skin was a shade of pink, pastel and rosy — she’d clearly forced Greg into helping her with it going by the pink shade staining his fingers. Her lips were painted a dark lilac, and her eyeliner was long and pointed, entirely abnormal and yet surprisingly beautiful atop her soft features. Greg appeared entirely different in contrast — he wore shades of brown, brown jeans and a white shirt, a brown leather jacket atop it. He was clad in big beige boots and had goggles atop his head, makeup smearing his face, giving the illusion of a sort of dirt or mud, his silver hair remaining its ever intriguing shade.
“Thank you,” John states, loud and clear, and Sherlock shuts his eyes at the very idea of it. John? Thanking him? Who was the one who had spared him a grueling walk home, that had lifted a careful, precise hand to his injured lip merely to
: HELLO YES, WHOMST
Lady White @
, he had found himself eager to remain beneath the water.
: WHAT IS
The rugby captain then ran a hand down his face and moaned, shaking his head in exasperation and huffing, gently, “What did you say?”
of course.
“Perhaps I simply didn’t want to hear another Romeo and Juliet lecture,” Sherlock smiled timidly, watching as John gazed back at him, a smirk pulling at his lips —
Sherlock was like a drug — a genuine, honest to god, drug, and if John tossed him aside now, the withdrawals would certainly kill him.
Sherlock blinked and frowned, “Pardon?”
Jane Watson @
John pointed gently to Sherlock, sat beside him on the small, cushioned seat, “Anyway. Onto less gross things, maybe?” Shaking his head, John beamed at the camcorder, “Sherlock and I spent the majority of scene
He grabbed for his phone, tapping next on the screen and listening as his phone shuffled the online playlist and began a new melody, one he’d never heard before. It was French; that much was clear by the obvious accordion calling out alongside a soothing and rather melancholy piano. He narrowed his eyes and glanced at the screen. ‘Ballet of the Little Café,’ it read, and ‘Brian Crain,’ in text beneath it. Oh
thinking about him.
Hoots and hollers surrounded him and he grinned, the fire in his chest igniting, the positive shouts from his team knocking his own body into full gear, mind switching into competitive mode, heart thrumming anxiously in his chest.
John smirked and shook his head in amusement, snickering into the mobile’s speaker, “Molls, you capable of words?”
“Lunch isn’t over yet,” The tall blonde chuckled, towering over Sherlock with a predatory smirk as he worked on sucking a hickey directly atop the brunette’s collarbone, growling as he pulled at Sherlock’s navy uniform, white button down and sweater vest forced aside.
What was it they always say? No one ever really
"No, no," John smiled a friendly smile, and stepped forward, shrugging and grabbing his water bottle and gear, "We were just leaving."
“And hey,” he stated, comfortingly, “I’ll be back for every holiday, yeah?”
Greg frowned and followed his gesture, narrowing his eyes before freezing and arching a slow brow, ducking his head and swallowing thickly, “That’s Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.”
"John was here? When?"
"Oh, you bastard!" Sherlock smiled.
"I think I'll surprise John. He'll be delighted." Sherlock smiled to himself thinking of all the ways he could do so. Bump into him 'randomly' on the street, knock on the door with a pizza, buy milk and leave it in the fridge for him to find, maybe even jump out of a cake at Baker Street. Okay, maybe not the last one, that was a little ridiculous.
"Those things will kill you." Pause. He watched as Lestrade slowly straightened up, probably, Sherlock surmised, assessing the scene before making any actions. The lighter clicked off.
"Oh, hello, sweetheart," he whispered, and she instantly stopped whimpering and started babbling. "Oh, did you have a nightmare? I'm sorry darling..." John paused, picking her up, then continued pacifying her until she was calm. Sherlock could hear her stilted blubbering as she used the language she could to express what she dreamt to him, and John's steady answers consoling her. He hated thinking that she was seeing bad things in her mind. He wished he could protect her from them, but it was part of life. All he and John could do was be there for her. There were three minutes after Rosie had finished of almost silence, excluding Rosie's sniveling. Sherlock had started drifting off to sleep when he heard John talking again.
“Normal?” I echoed, my arms crossed at the other end of the sofa. “Have you met me?”
“Wait.” John held up a hand. “So that story about uni—that
“Nuh uh,” said John. “Guess again.” He slid off the bed and onto his knees in front of me.
“Sherlock, if you—”
before you respond.” She sat on the ground and crossed her legs. “I suppose I should start with some background… When I began working with Moriarty, I was much younger and a hell of a lot more naïve. Granted, I’d been an assassin, but that job never really required me to learn how to read people, you know—just kill them. Which I was very, very good at, I might add.
But to speak it out loud, to say it to John’s face—John was right, there was no need for him to do that. He’d obviously said it with malicious intent. But why? There was no reason for him to be
“Deal,” she said, and smiled at him, not quite believing how easy that just was.
“A piece of advice,” the Major said, and suddenly they were facing each other. “Tell him.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “It
Anna didn’t need telling twice.
He kissed me, long and hard. When we broke apart, I was feeling too many emotions to understand any of them. He left the loo and grabbed his jacket from the kitchen table.
me. I know you did. I saw it when I was standing in that bloody glass cage, about to meet my death—you
“Of course he did!” John’s voice rose, and the cat woke with a start. “Every last word of it, the insolent prick.” He stood up and the cat flew off his lap, scampering off wildly down the hall. He began to pace the room. “Tell me, Molly,” he said, turning on her. “What’s it like to shag him, for real, when he’s not using you for his bloody agenda?”
“You know what?” Mary’s voice was bitter through her tears. “I don’t want you to come home tonight. I don’t want you in my house, around my daughter, knowing that you are capable of torturing another human being.”
He was also extremely lucky that Mary was not giving John an iota of sex right now and had not been for the last several months of her pregnancy. John hadn’t told him this, of course, but he’d been observing it for some time; casually, as in, “Oh look, John’s not getting any. I wonder if it will rain today?” But now that little fact was playing to his advantage, immensely useful in keeping John interested in him.
, Mycroft?”
John didn’t respond, couldn’t, emotion was suddenly choking out his words. “Yes, Mrs. Hudson,” said Anna, softly. She was holding her other hand, sitting next to her. “Yes, it’s him.”
enough himself to stimulate Moriarty’s curiosity. And now it’s gotten to the point where Jim’s compromising everything we’ve built in the last ten years, just for his own amusement. I mean, he nearly got us killed up there.” She raised her eyes toward the ceiling. “He’s going to be my own undoing if I don’t take action—and that’s where you come in. The ‘enemy of my enemy,’ and all that.” Her mouth twitched into a smile.
“Of course she knows,” he snapped. Sex was everywhere, and she was thirteen. It would have been impossible for her not to know. “I have not sheltered her from the realities of the world, not in the least.”
John took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom. He sat down on the mattress and pulled me towards him, opening his legs and settling me between them. The sour taste was worse than ever, and my stomach roiled with acidity. I realized I was trembling. So, at the same time, did John.
“His… his arms are up high on me.” It was true, one was across her neck and the other across her chest. “So… he must be tall.”
“Yes,” she replied.
When John comes, it’s blinding. He can’t see anything for a few seconds, just black first and then white, and he knows it’s because he’s shut his eyes so very tight. It’s blinding and it’s enveloping his entire body with spasms of pleasure, and he shudders and yells out something incoherent. He doesn’t even notice until afterward that Sherlock has come too, all over the bed, that he’d leaned down with his shoulders on the mattress and reached one hand back to pump himself to climax. John finishes coming and pulls out and collapses next to him, his eyes still closed and breathing so heavily that his spit is escaping in strings from his mouth. He finally opens his eyes and there are Sherlock’s grey ones, heavily-lidded and watching him, while he tries to catch his breath, too.
The admissions lady picked up her radio and attempted to call the guard, but the radio didn’t work. She glanced at the little girl in her innocent little dress. “Just a moment, dear, I have to find a new radio.” She got up and went through the door behind her, into the back office.
Lestrade sat thoughtfully for a moment. “You know, John said something quite interesting to me earlier. He asked me if I knew how many crimes you’d prevented and how many lives you’d saved, doing what you do. We came to the conclusion that the amount is indeterminable… because it’s too high to count.” Sherlock took a breath to interject, but Lestrade cut him off. “Do you honestly believe people would stop trusting you with their mysteries if they knew what happened?”
“When you love someone and you want to have sex with them,” she said, “that means you are
“You asked me if my wife knew that I was gay,” Carruthers began. “She does not… in fact, she knows nothing of any of my…
“Greg—“
“I suppose you owe me,” Sherlock said, still smirking.
John huffed a laugh. “Yeah? What for? To put you in his place? I’d just be swapping one lunatic for another.”
“Molly.”
, I thought. “I assure you, it is,” he said.
But she didn’t have to wonder for long, because as Sherlock continued to lift up his shirt, staring at the wound in the poor dead girl, Molly could see the scar from a bullet that she’d forgotten had entered Sherlock’s body in the same exact spot nearly fourteen years earlier.
“In Florida? When was that, when you were
Mary took a deep breath. “Look, I don’t know Moriarty’s endgame here, okay? I don’t know why he faked your death, I don’t know what purpose he has for you. But I do know that you’re to stay ‘dead’ for quite a long while. Which means out of sight…” She registered John’s blank expression. “Prison, John. He’s going to keep you imprisoned.”
I did, as gently as I could. I didn’t really pull in and out, I more of just rocked myself over him. It was subtle. I was still afraid of hurting him.
Lestrade blinked. “Wow, she’s outgoing. No fear, that one. When my oldest was that age, you couldn’t even get her to come out from behind my legs.” He looked at Sherlock. “And how are you, mate? It’s been too long.”
The crown jewels.
“No,” answered Sherlock. “Have you?”
When his skin had cooled, John let his hands slide slowly down his cheeks. “God, I need a drink,” he said, suddenly, and hopped out of the chair. He went to the kitchen and pulled a glass out of the cupboard, along with a bottle of scotch.
“There was no man at uni,” I said. My heart was beating hard and fast.
It turned out not to be the ideal sleeping position however, since after they said goodnight their mouths were too close together to resist kissing. And kissing and kissing and kissing. And then soon the bed size wasn’t a problem because they’d got so close that they were more like one large person than two smaller ones, and then John had forgot that they were in a bed at all because their hands were down each other’s pants and Sherlock was biting at John’s earlobe and Sherlock was saying
Mrs. Hudson whipped around, faster than John would have thought, and gave him a glare. “John Watson, don’t you dare say I’m old!”
John takes it in, deep. He’s starting to make little choking sounds, which I love. His eyes are watering, and he’s looking up at me, watching for my reaction. He likes to watch my face. He says it’s like the whole world coming apart at the seams. He grunts around me, and slides his hand between my cheeks. Desire pools hot in my abdomen as he ghosts a finger over my arsehole. There’s no lube though so he won’t go inside, he just strokes and presses into the space between it and my bollocks.
John tried again. “I’m not going to lie to you. This is going to hurt. You’re probably very swollen and… it’s going to be painful.”
Sherlock ignored her, of course. “He has a thing about having to finish a song,” explained Anna, rolling her eyes. “Would you like a cup of tea?”
—“ John shook his head at the phone. “Look, can you just come over and help?”
Apparently, Moriarty had broken into the Tower of London many years ago and “stolen” the royal crown, cape, and scepter. Well, he didn’t actually steal them, as Anna learned by watching the video footage during one of her training sessions. He’d broken in and put on the crown and cloak and waited for the guards to come arrest him. The whole thing had been an advertisement, apparently, for his crime network.
Sherlock stared at him through the rain. “There,
John looked over at me, his relaxed arms and relaxed legs lying all spread-eagle on the couch, and sighed in a way that suggested he’d given up. “It’s a love story, Sherlock. I mean really. Haven’t you ever been in love? At all? Even when you were young?”
Anna smiled and dragged her index finger over her chest.
love.”
“So, she was spoiled,” John translated.
Sherlock ignored her, still staring at Carruthers. “And I assume the beard is some sort of protection against your wife’s identity when she’s…
“Sherlock,” John whispered, and Sherlock pushed John’s pants down far enough to let his cock fall forward. He reached down and gripped both erections in his hand, slowly pumping them together.
Sherlock looked up and met Molly’s eyes. He let out a breath, forming it into one, short word:
The sun began to rise, pretty flecks of pink and orange dotting the underside of the clouds, as Sherlock slid his key into the lock on the front door of 221B Baker Street. He turned the key, heard the familiar “click.” Turned the door knob. Opened the door.
Sherlock blinked, surprised. It was no secret that Molly was in love with him, but he’d assumed that she’d long ago given up on that front. She’d never once brought it up, in all those years they’d been working together, side-by-side…
That’s when they heard the door open.
“Look, Sherlock.” John rubbed his hands together. “I’m just going to… to jump in, here. I feel like I owe you an apology. An absolutely
“And just what do you think you’re doing?”
“Let him marry someone
“You were able to get me off, when I shot Magnussen,” Sherlock protested.
“If you had any of your own, I wouldn’t have to,” I retorted, without my usual glee at insulting him. It was one thing for Lestrade to chide me, it was another for Anderson to do so. “What have you found so far?”
Sherlock gave her a look. “Anna, that is physically impossible, given your age and gender—“
“What?” he asked, impatient.
Anna and Molly stepped out of the theater just as the rain starting coming down, and Molly put up an umbrella for them to walk under while they traveled to their car a few blocks away. “What did you think of the film?” she asked, huddling underneath it as they splashed down the street.
Footsteps sounded up the staircase; Mrs. Hudson’s. He heard her knock on the open door. “Sherlock?”
Now they both stared at
Sherlock thought.
John took a few more steps forward and looked down to where his fingers were fiddling together. “You know, you spend a lot of time in prison thinking about what you’d do if you got free. You finally get a fix on the way you want it to go, and you play it out, again and again in your head, until it becomes like a memory, almost. It becomes real.” He took a deep breath and looked up. “I always thought that I’d... that the first thing I would do, before anything else… would be to kiss you. Kiss the bloody hell out of you.” He quickly looked back at his hands, unwilling to watch for Sherlock’s reaction. “I’m telling you I… that I want to be with you. That I’m in love with you.”
“Give me your bags,” growled the man once they were off the main street. He thrust the dagger out at them, and Molly shakily handed the umbrella to Anna so that she could take her purse off her shoulder. Anna’s dark eyes watched the thief closely as he reached out with his free hand to take the bag.
Sherlock was aghast. “Of course not! I’m not—I don’t—Of course not!”
John ignored him. “Put your feet on the break and clutch, Anna, and turn the key until you hear the engine catch.”
John was quiet for several seconds. His mind moved so slowly, it was almost disgusting. I watched him, trying to piece two coherent thoughts together, and I was repulsed. I couldn’t believe I had been attracted to him just moments ago.
Last night, something had burst loose in his head. The kiss had awoken something in him that he didn’t even know was sleeping—he thought it was dead, or maybe that it had never existed at all. As it turned out, however, it was just lying dormant, waiting for a little spark to send it hurdling back into wakefulness.
Mycroft looked at her, his face hard. “I love Sherlock, Molly, of course I do. But there are greater things at play. There is a greater thing to protect than my brother; that is, the whole of humanity. Sherlock was never able to see that, but I’ve always seen it, and all that I’ve done in my life has been to preserve it.
And then, to both of their surprise, he kissed her again.
“You’re basically doing exactly what I just did,” Anna told him.
“It’s working!” Mary exclaimed, breathlessly.
However, from the look on his face, it hadn’t been fine with Lestrade.
Sherlock and Ella had both turned to look at him. “On the contrary,” Ella replied, turning back the pages of her notes, “I think he is having a perfectly normal human reaction.”
John turned and sat on the edge of the fountain, leaning forward a bit, grasping the edges of the stone as if he were trying to anchor himself to it. Sherlock took a deep breath and moved to sit next to him.
John looked at her, and back to Sherlock. “Did you… you didn’t walk all the way, did you?”
And then, right there in the sitting room, John smoothed a hand over the front of my trousers.
, Sherlock scolded it.
After a few moments, Sherlock’s breathing slowed. He righted himself and turned around. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he croaked. “Not to you, not to the police, not to anyone. Ever.”
” asked Mrs. Carruthers, bewildered.
Anna nodded solemnly. “Alright.”
“Veggie lasagna,” she replied, smiling back. “Did you get him all settled in, then?”
“My science project!” She looked at him, her dark eyes wide in incredulity. “You’ve ruined it!”
a coward. I
The kettle started to boil, but John was ignoring it. He stared at me for a long time, breathing fiercely. “I’ve either destroyed your life by making you love me,” he said, finally, “or you were faking and never loved me at all. You can’t have it both ways.”
He had a brief moment of regret that he’d never done this previously, that he’d never experienced the sensation to prepare himself…. But then he reasoned that this act would be completely different in the context of consent. There was nothing that could have prepared him for
John quit looking in Sherlock’s direction, instead staring at the patterns in the carpet.
As for espionage training, Anna found that though lying came easy, having to remember a pre-existing story was difficult. Often, Mycroft would give her an entire file on an alias, with names and dates and family history, and she’d have to memorize all of it in thirty minutes. She was awful at it. However, if she created the false identity through the act of lying, she found that she could remember every detail she made up. But it had to originate from her mind, and it had to happen in the moment—on the spot. This fact made Mycroft incredibly nervous; it meant that planning intricate lies ahead of time would not be an option. It was much riskier, but it would have to do.
Sherlock smirked. “I don’t know what you mean, dear brother.” He turned to leave.
“Oh yeah? How am I supposed to react? My best friend just told me he’s in love with me, but, oh, by the way, ‘not the sex part’—what does that even
“You want to know the difference?” John asked him, frustrated. “Here. I’ll show you the difference.” Suddenly John was closing the distance between them, marching over, was very close (very, very close), grabbed Sherlock’s face with both hands, pulled him down, and kissed him.
put her in the shipment with the others.”
David whimpered in response. Sherlock lifted his head and slammed it down again, making the dresser mirror rattle. Anna screamed.
“Yes,” I affirmed.
I sighed. Did he ever pay attention? “No, what I said was, ‘Not exactly.’”
“There are people who say that chess is a game of strategy,” Mycroft would often say to her, “but those people are fools. It’s not a game of strategy—it’s a game of
“You sure you’ll be alright?” she’d asked him, not bothering to hide the skepticism in her voice as she’d buttoned her coat.
“Why didn’t you help us before, as we had originally planned?” Sherlock asked, avoiding her question. “That was a nasty little trick, Mary. Letting us think that Moriarty had won again.”
not gay, and
A second later, the both of them came out bringing the tea, Anna annoyed, Molly positively beaming. “Oh, you two!” she cried, skipping over to hug them both. They looked at each other over her shoulders.
“Do you even feel
He turned off the taps and we took turns toweling our hands. “So,” I said, when we were done. “You probably want to talk.” Actually,
John had frozen, his back to me. He didn’t say anything.
I blinked at him. He turned round when I didn’t respond.
“I mean, I wasn’t there,” Molly continued, “but Greg told me that Sherlock… well, he
Moriarty seemed to realize what was happening. “Stop!” he yelled. “Let him breathe. He hasn’t got long left, I’m afraid.” He looked genuinely disappointed.
much small talk. He was rubbish at it.
Mycroft suddenly looked very tired. “Don’t you think that Sherlock tried to protect John, too? Of course he did. But he still couldn’t save him.”
John stood there, staring at him, the concern for his wellbeing evident in John’s expression. And the emotion of seeing Sherlock again, the trembling, the tears, it was all visible on John’s face.
John lifted an eyebrow. “You’re telling me that only this one key will open the treasure chest? Isn’t that a bit… well… ridiculous?”
He hadn’t said anything about suicide, so I began to relax. “What did you think about?”
John walked out to the barn and got meat from the deep freezer. It wouldn’t thaw in time to eat that evening so they’d have to have it tomorrow instead. He set it on the table next to the door and then went to the cow’s stall. The door was still open wide from when he had got the rope lead to save Sherlock from the pond, and of course the cow was not there. John took the halter from the peg by the stall door and went out of the barn again, paying attention to the fresh snow on the ground and where the tracks led. She couldn’t have gone far, or wouldn’t have anyway. Cows were not exactly known for being adventurous. She’d had a blanket on her too so she would not have got too cold unless it had fallen off somehow. If she’d gone into the trees it was possible that she could have brushed up against them and the blanket could have got caught and torn off. John tried to think of how cold it was outside and how long he and Sherlock had been asleep and if that was enough time for the cow to freeze to death if she had lost her blanket. While he was calculating it he followed the tracks behind the barn and found that the cow had only gone as far as the back pasture and was standing next to the frozen water trough on just the other side of the fence. She called to him indignantly. Her blanket was still strapped on.
Molly’s lips trembled through her tears. “He told her that Moriarty was her father, and that he was back in London, and that the only way to destroy him was from the inside. With Anna as a… a spy. She said she wanted the revenge, for you and for John…. God, Mycroft must be putting her into the field already!” She let a sob escape her lips.
“I don’t love you,” I said.
“Of course not, there’s plenty more, but John seems to be embarrassed by it, so I’ll refrain from continuing.”
Sherlock’s didn’t reply, now extracting bits of dirt from underneath the fingernails of the next body. He scraped them into the second dish that Molly had laid out for him. “I don’t deserve you,” he murmured, eventually.
But Molly wasn’t paying attention to him; she was immensely confused. “David?”
,” Anna swore, as Sherlock hurried toward her and John sided up against the doorframe to squint into the hallway, gun at the ready. “What are you doing here?”
John froze. “I didn’t even… my God.” His face grew hard. “That bastard, he kicked me out on Christmas!” He barked an angry laugh, shaking his head to himself. Molly thought she heard him mutter something along the lines of “
“Uh…” John swallowed. “I threw the flash drive in the fire?”
But John was not stupid enough to jump in after it, so instead he ran to the tractor that he’d parked along the other side of the pond where he’d attempted to cut out the river trail before the snows had set in unexpectedly. He ran to it and brushed aside the snow and found the buckets of tools he kept on the back and in one of these was an orange extension cord. He pulled out the cord and ran back to the pond’s edge where he could hear the dog still struggling. He tied the cord around a stump at the edge of the ice, then he tied the other end tightly around his waist because he knew that if he fell into the water it would be easy to lose the cord. He called to the dog that he was coming and then stepped out onto the pond.
And, more subtly and unadmittedly,
he was.
“You won’t make me beg,” Sherlock told him, staring him down with his ice-blue eyes.
“We’ll see about
“So, he grabbed him with both hands,” I scoffed. But I had started to see what he was talking about—it wasn’t just the bruises on the neck, the ones on the chest were—
“I’m a fool, Sherlock.” John’s chin began to tremble. “Fuck, I didn’t think I had any crying left in me, today.” He wiped his nose and looked up at the ceiling, trying to regain his composure. “I’m a total fool. I went through my entire life trying to convince myself that I was right, that there isn’t just one person for everyone… but I wasn’t right. Because no one in my life has ever compared to you.”
