They all looked at their own comms as the evacuation order continued to scroll. Everyone on the colony knew that the meteor field the planet passed through each year could eventually give them one big rock that could wipe them off the face of the planet, and had yearly drills in preparation for such an event, but so far the mining rewards had outweighed the risks.
The omega looked up at him from her defensive curl, eyes calculating, and this close Castiel could see her pupils had blown large. She was young, maybe caught unawares by a first heat, and she still seemed relatively responsive, but that wouldn’t last very much longer. She considered him for a moment before slowly shaking her head.
Why the hell would an alpha ever leave? Was it because of an alpha spat? Or maybe Castiel was a wolf-killer, and had been driven out and exiled.
Castiel ignored him in a sudden well of anger, closing his eyes and washing off the sheen of sweat from his face with cold water. He dried his face with a sleeve and straightened from leaning over the sink, locking his knees to stop them from shaking. “How long have you known?” He tried to slow his breathing when his voice came out breathless.
“Yeah, well, you didn’t. It’s not like I haven’t seen this kinda thing before.” At that, Castiel turned his head to look at Dean, blue eyes searching, and Dean was the one to look away this time. “Do you, uh, do you have those kinds of nightmares often?”
The rest of the crew treated him like a live wire, now that they knew he could do untold damage with no way of stopping him.
Jess had known a friend who’d been a sex worker voluntarily to pay for school, but this was the dark underbelly of the industry, not caring about something as flimsy as
Movement made Dean turn his head to see Castiel stepping out of the bathroom, eyes tracking through the rest of the hotel room in a way Dean had only seen Benny or other ex-military members of the force do. Dean hadn’t even thought to make sure that Ruby was the only one in here with them.
The sun was out, though the sky held grey clouds in the west, lending warmth to the cold edge the autumn air had taken. Already, the leaves of certain trees had already begun to turn color, from blood-red to pale gold, lit up in the sunlight. The bike ride went regrettably fast for such a day. Once he’d situated his bike outside the apartment complex, he found himself walking in and up the stairs with purposeful steps, curious as to what Dean would tell him about the drugged wine. Daphne had mentioned something about Dean’s brother and a woman named Ruby, who’d been behind it, but Castiel had not been able to understand much at the time.
Alistair, even pinned, was stronger than Sam. With a short snarl, Alistair writhed and head-butted Sam in the face. Stunned, Sam reared back, blood in his mouth. His hands lost their purchase, and Alistair broke free.
Castiel wasn’t going to correct him. He’d give Dean anything he asked for, and keep the rest to himself.
They took the stairs, Dean leading the way. Once they got to the door, a metal disc reading 204 affixed to the middle, Dean slowed down, motioning for him to be quiet. A
Dean looked towards the house. Yellow police tape cordoned off the opened front door, the ends swaying in the wind. “I’ll talk to Bobby, see what we can do.” Hopefully it would be enough.
“Look what that choice means,” Castiel continued, gesturing to the battlefield around them. “Thousands of my bretheren dead because of it. And for what purpose? To delay the inevitable?”
“What do you-what do you mean?” Sam furiously rewound what he knew about Ruby’s family in his head, but came up blank. They had all been very vague about this meeting, and Sam hadn’t been very suspicious about that. Red made him bolder, more aggressive, more
Castiel stepped through the doorway and paused a few feet in, looking around. Dean shuffled behind him, crowding close, before the door clicked shut.
Dropping the broken pieces, Dean made his way through the rest of the house to survey the damage. The kitchen and his bedroom were trashed, but he stopped in his tracks when he entered the bathroom. God fucking dammit. “Ruby, you
Sam blushed. He’d forgotten. Most people around here would have the head implants popular to the central planets. He’d heard bracelet comms were antiquated in more civilized areas, only used now for places with high AGF use, like Hephaestus, where fried circuitry was common enough to ban them as a health hazard for things like brain implants.
“I don’t have all day, you know,” the man told them, sitting down again and propping his cane against the table.
Suddenly, Castiel had the officer’s full attention. “Hm. I guess.” Castiel had the feeling they weren’t just talking about Krissy anymore. It was time to bow out.
“Ah, Dean.” Castiel turned back to fiddling with the plants in front of him. “Did you need something?”
Cas looked at him for a long moment. “Alright.” He offered his left arm, and Dean grabbed his elbow and turned his forearm to see ragged lines of old scars marring the tanned skin.
The door clanged behind him as Castiel exited the diner, and he glanced up at the low hanging clouds, dark with moisture. The smell of ozone laced the air, and though the rain hadn’t started up yet, it would shortly. Daphne’s diner was located just a block off of Mass. Street, but he turned in the opposite direction and walked a bit faster than normal. Like the diner, their house had been given to Daphne when her uncle, the owner, had disappeared one day and had never been found again. Instead of selling it, Daphne had taken it as a chance to start a new life, for the both of them. Castiel caught sight of the little house as the first light drops of rain started to fall, hurrying under the awning.
Eager, Sam leans towards Castiel. "I can't believe it lasted that long! I've heard - well, vampires get stronger as they get older, right?"
Castiel hugged him back a bit tighter, talking just as softly. “I’m not, Shawn. I’m just going to stay over at Dean’s place. I’ll still see you. Tomorrow, in fact. I promise.”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Now that he wasn’t looking down into the AGF light, Sam’s face was calm and open again.
Dean looked away, towards Benny. “I think we should go talk to Bobby. I’ll call and tell him to meet us at the station. Sound good?”
“Don’t insult me.” Castiel replied, like he was talking about the weather, not rising to the obvious bait. “It’s true, we were betrayed, but the Clans already knew about the Underground beforehand. They could have destroyed it at any point in time. They just chose not to.”
“Oh, yeah, Cas,” Dean grinned. “There’s not a snowball’s chance in hell I’m leaving you to your own devices. We have a lot of things to talk about.”
She craned her head to the side, barely able to see him from her position. “You’ve no idea.” she told him, sounding smug as hell.
There was only one place Dean considered a sanctuary. “Alright. Sioux Falls it is. You’re on map duty.”
He closed his eyes and knocked his phone against his throbbing forehead. Maybe if he hit himself with it hard enough, this whole morning would just - go away.
Dean slouched further into the uncomfortable chair, fidgeting with utter boredom. Castiel ignored him until Dean’s leg started to bounce up and down under the old library table.
Instead of answering, Officer Winchester rubbed a hand over his eyes and didn’t say anything for a moment. “I don’t know, man. He’d have to go into the system, but Krissy’s seventeen and she could’ve probably gotten custody for him when she turned 18.”
“But seriously, how has no one, uh, bumped uglies with you?” Dean asked Castiel, giving him his own once-over. Definitely not half-bad. Especially with the opened collar and rumpled tie that Castiel had started tugging on a little bit ago, complaining that it was 'too warm in here'.
Before he took a single bite, Castiel inhaled and paused, a curious expression on his face. “Am I right to assume that congratulations are in order?”
Castiel jerked in surprise, one hand making an unfortunate connection with one of the delicately stacked piles of cans, which then decided to roll off the ledge. He fumbled for one, the others falling to the floor in a tin racket. Seconds later, one more can decided to join in and clanked to the hardwood, missing his foot by inches. Castiel turned a mournful gaze to Charlie, who’d snuck up behind him in his distracted state to ask her question.
“I think I’m goin’ home. We can do the rest of this,” he gestured at Dean’s screen, “tomorrow. Don’t stay here too long or Bobby’ll tear ya a new one.”
Benny just made a sound of agreement as he floated his way over to a side console. When he reached it, he hit a few buttons displayed on the touchscreen and gestured to the dark window. “Alright, watch it now.”
Castiel saw it before the kid did. It was a habit he had picked up during his time on the streets, gauging people for the right opportunity, but only when hunger had carved out enough of his belly to take the risk. This cashier seemed the type that didn’t suffer lawbreakers well, no matter how pathetic they looked. When Castiel saw the little boy, no more than eight years old, furtively grabbing packages of food off of the shelves and stuffing them in his pockets, he glanced up to see that the cashier had his own hard gaze already fixed on the kid. The cashier looked like an alpha, all self-righteous anger and entitlement issues, and Castiel moved a bit too late to intercept as the kid headed to the door behind another lady.
“Hey, wait-” Dean called out, leaning across the seat, and Henrickson turned around to look at him again. “Why can’t he know that you’re looking for him?” The look turned into an assessing stare.
Seeing a quick escape, Castiel wished them both a good night as he left the room and made his way up the stairs to his room. He shut the door with his foot, then thought better of it and cracked the door open, enough for the light of the outside hall to halo the doorframe. Just in case.
When Castiel hesitated for too long, Mortimer raised his eyebrows and wiggled his fingers, expectant. Dean watched in silence as Castiel finally pulled out the small pouch strung around his neck and pulled out the flashdrive. Charlie had her own copy, but she was far away, and Jimmy had died for the small, cold thing Castiel handed over to Mortimer with precise care. Mortimer stood up and leaned over the table to accept it, one hand supporting himself with his wooden cane. When he sat back down, he kept his hand on the handle as he looked at the flashdrive.
“I’m not involving Daphne or Krissy and Shawn in this.” Castiel started, catching Henrickson’s attention again. “And even if that wasn’t a factor, the safe-house doesn’t have the extra room.” Castiel slowly looked around. “But this apartment does.”
Dean sighed and sat down on the floor, cross-legged, and opened the box. “Everyone needs to experience this game at least once.” he said. “Last time I played this with my brother, we broke a coffee table.” Castiel cocked an eyebrow. “What? Don't give me that look. It was an intense game. Sit down.”
The motion caught Ruby’s attention too. “Well, hello there. Which one are you?” Instead of answering, Cas ignored her and made his way over to the window, twitching the curtain back slightly to look outside.
Ellen glanced around the room again, hands on hips. “And we are missing- oh! Rufus is down in the cargo hold catching up with Bobby, so you’ll meet him later. Right. Well, looks like everything is as ready as it’s gonna get to make it out of here in one piece, so everyone-“ she motioned everyone to the door. “Back to work. Take-off is coming up shortly.” When everyone made for the door, Ellen gestured Dean and Sam forward.
He only stopped for brief moments to rest against a tree before gathering enough strength to continue, but his arms continued to bleed steadily, draining him of energy. At times, he'd find himself leaning against a tree, unsure how he'd gotten there or how much time had passed. He hadn’t realized how far he walked until his foot encountered something new; a strangely smooth and hard surface, like stone. He blinked and looked down, and saw two bright yellow lines running down the middle of a long dark road that stretched out of sight, around the corner of trees. It was clear of tree branches overhead, so Castiel finally sat down and laid out on it. He just needed to rest for a little bit. It only made sense to look at the stars, so he kept looking, ignoring the gradually increasing rumble coming down this stretch of black.
didn’t recognize the man – couldn’t tell if the professor knew anything about him. No, no one out here did. He was certain of that. But some students were beginning to take notice, looking curiously in the direction their teacher was staring, and the professor broke eye-contact, shaken. “I- uh.” He turned to his laptop, staring at it before he seemed to get his wits back, bringing up another powerpoint on the topic. He cleared his throat nervously. “So, the Forest Preserves. We – um - we broke away from the old Hierarchy around 150 years ago, but they didn’t – they didn’t dissolve completely. Their way of life is pretty archaic compared to today’s society; they still require rites of passage and traditional roles.”
With a little bit of finagling, they managed to sync their comms so the guard – Cal, he’d told him – could transfer him a layout of the station and highlight the path to the med bay.
“Got everything you need?” the processor at the desk asks him, and he nods and wheels the cart out of the lab.
“You’re sleeping on the bed.” Castiel told him, firm, and purposefully sat down on the ground next to the pillow. Wow, okay, he seemed awfully adamant about that, but he wasn’t going to get much sleep on such a hard surface.
Castiel hovered by the side of the car before sitting down again. “Do you have a favorite constellation?”
“What about just embarrassing stories? No offense, but you’re weird enough to have some pretty good ones,” Charlie wheedled. “How ‘bout-“ she wiggled her eyebrows, “sex stories?”
“-and I was wondering if you got a conscious choice in the matter. Obviously the daemons of John and Mary got to name you, but that doesn’t explain the form you settled in. I know Dean hates flying, but he was also allergic to cats,” he leaned closer like he was imparting a secret, “-I got rid of that when I raised him from perdition - but I still don’t quite understand-“
Castiel ran hard towards the house, but he only got past two downed trees before he tripped over something that shouldn’t have been there. He fell onto wet leaves, grimacing as his hands slipped for purchase. When he turned to look at the obstacle, he stilled in place. Balthazar’s face stared back at him, unblinking, cheek pressed into the leaves. A strangled noise made its way out of his throat, and Castiel crawled away as fast as he could, stumbling upright when he found dry ground. His heart beat a tattoo in his ears, thundering too loud to hear anything else. Shakily, he dried his hands on his clothes, and knew he was staining it red.
“What is that?” Charlie asked, still shaky after such a bad scare. “’Cause let me tell you, you’re giving me all sorts of bad vibes right now, Castiel.”
She made her way to the edge of the roof, heedless of the crumbling structure beneath her, to watch Uriel in the courtyard below. With both of them in compressed forms, they could not sense one another, so her brothers down below had no idea she had stayed.
It takes Castiel no time at all to go through the motions; putting on a tourniquet, sterilizing the area with a wipe and letting it dry, inserting the needle, filling the blood tubes, undoing the tourniquet, and sliding the needle out before putting gauze on the puncture site. Castiel replaces the gauze with a different bandage and disposes of the rest of the things in their correct biohazard bins.
“O-kay then.” Dean said, eyeing Castiel as he walked over to set his duffel and backpack at the foot of one of the chairs around the kitchen table. When Castiel sat down, Dean went back to scrounging for food.
Castiel didn’t step back from her side, uneasiness clinging to him from the scare. “Make sure of what?”
He’d debated hard and long over this decision, and even though most of the people he’d talked to had advised him not to, it didn’t change his need to get answers. He’d been told about the Impala, and the man who’d been shot dead inside it. Dean would’ve only left the Impala in an emergency, and now Dean and Castiel were on the run. He couldn’t help them with that, but he could follow the damning thread that had started this whole situation back to its source, and see where it led.
Pam’s face stared back at him, eyes burnt out of their sockets, still slightly smoking. Her body thunked into the opposite wall before bouncing off, rotating slowly in zero-G.
arrhythmic enough to qualify as Chinese water torture. He sighed again, loudly, and the only other human in sight – a harried-looking girl two tables over – glared at him.
“Get out of my house!” Charlie yelled, and Dean barely had time to bring his arm up when the object collided with him, breaking in two with the force of the swing.
“But you look-“ she waved a hand in Castiel’s general direction. “-like that shouldn’t be possible.”
“Not you too, Meg.” Castiel says, despairing. She only shrugs as Balthazar sits across his lap and pats his cheek. A beat later, Castiel dumps him off.
“Argh, why didn’t I think of that!” Charlie’s outburst drew Dean’s attention away from his phone. “I’ve spent all my time trying to do this in
Charlie sighed. Held out a hand, palm up. A miniature globe blinked into existence in the curve of her hand, one side burning red. Instantly recognizable. Sam didn’t know what Charlie saw in his eyes when he looked back at her, wasn’t sure he wanted to.
They probably caused an unholy racket climbing up the flight of stairs to get to Charlie’s apartment, but they were way too drunk to care. It took all three of them to manage unfolding the pull out sofa bed, and then Charlie pushed Cas into it, who easily lost his balance and fell onto the mattress. Dean came back with blankets and pillows just in time to see it happen, and threw a pillow at Cas’ head just to participate. It hit him square over the face, but Castiel only took it and turned over, placing it under his head and closing his eyes. Actually, lying down looked good right now. Dean was really tired all of a sudden.
Man, just her luck. She was the perfect person to help, considering her hacker background, but this sounded Dangerous. “What about Dean? He-“ but Castiel shook his head vehemently.
Henrickson tapped his fingers against the armrest in thought, and Dean took the chance to ask his own questions, though he didn't know if Henrickson would deign to answer them. “Why have you been looking for Castiel for so long? Or would you have to kill me after if you answered that?”
An eerie howl goes up from somewhere in the pines, interrupting them. A few people around the bonfire add their own voices by the end, whooping.
Sam let out an understanding, "Oh", and traded a look with Jess. When Dean glared at Benny, the man only shrugged, unrepentant.
Before Gordon could make a move to face him, Castiel dragged him back from Dean, forcing both of his arms behind his back and making him drop the gun. Gordon snarled as Castiel slammed him headfirst into the brick wall of the building, pinning him there.
Castiel, the only survivor of the Underground to escape the Preserves, sitting in Dean’s kitchen early in the morning because Dean had fucked up.
Movement out of the corner of his eye had Dean finally slowing to a stop. Ash appeared at the entrance to the medbay rooms, gesturing them closer.
The next day, he’d risked coming to school only to find the words BITCH sprayed in gold across his locker, notebooks destroyed. He could handle himself when there was physical violence, but he couldn’t stand the whispers, the Looks, so he was actually grateful when some alphas thought they could suddenly take him now that they knew he was an omega. He wound up suspended before the day was even over, a black eye and bloodied knuckles the only thing he took away with from that hellish school.
“Thank you, Dean. I didn’t know you could cook,” Cas said a little wistfully, and Dean cocked an eyebrow at him in response. “I only meant-“ Cas hurried to explain, “I am impressed when other people do it well. I managed to set off the fire alarm making, what do you call it, a PB&J?”
Dean touched his black eye self-consciously and groaned before sliding from a sitting position to a prone one, burying his face in the couch. “I hate you sometimes,” he said, muffled through the fabric.
They had cousins? How many family members did he not know about? “My name’s Sam Winchester, I’m calling about-“
Once he'd parked the car in front of one of the pumps, he eyed the inside of the gas station. The only person in sight was the cashier, a young woman reading something behind the counter and chewing gum. Dean made his way inside, opening the door and almost wincing when the bell above him dinged. The cashier glanced up at him but went back to her book, leaving Dean to meander through the aisles to get his coffee and snacks in peace. She only looked up again when Dean put his stuff down on the counter in front of her, dark eyes taking him in. She showed no signs of recognizing him.
She eyed his clothes for a long second and looked at the badge again. “Of course, officer.” she said eventually, and went to it. She handed over a keycard after another minute. “There you go.”
“I’ll be down in a few minutes,” Castiel said, sharper than intended. Without another word, Shawn slunk out of the room. Castiel remained sitting on the edge of the bed for a few more moments before he sighed and stood up to make his way to the bathroom. When he caught himself running his hands over the ragged, silvered lines that ran the length of his forearms, Castiel dragged his hands away and averted his gaze from the mirror.
Man, he probably didn't even know about the spooning. He'd still been asleep at the time. Best to keep that particular embarrassment in the dark. Dean waved him off. “No problem, Cas.”
The next thing Castiel became aware of was someone tugging on his arms, dragging him across the ground. Blearily, he opened his eyes again, his own struggle against the pull weak and uncoordinated. He had only been unconscious for a few moments, but it had been enough. The back of his head still ached with a star of pain.
Before he could really break out of it, Dean turned him around and kissed him again. This one had growing intent behind it, and it sparked the same in Castiel. Mindful of the orders he’d been given, Castiel finally settled on placing his hands on Dean’s waist.
There was silence again. The few alien races humankind knew about were not even close to humanoid, but this was new.
“We are definitely not watching the rest of that movie. It's not that good. I just got it to put you on the spot, 'cause, well-” Dean shrugged and fell silent, but he glanced to Castiel's covered arms and then looked away.
Castiel interrupted, looking up, tone sharp with warning. He dropped his gaze immediately and turned away, cupping the empty mug between his hands.
. He’d spent the first two class periods sitting outside the classrooms, just staring at walls and playing with his phone. Castiel had three classes today, with two in the morning and one in the afternoon, but he usually spent the time between them
“They will not attack the ship while I am visible.” Castiel interrupted from the speakers. “I will translate intentions if the need arises.”
This was all highly inconvenient, Castiel thought, not for the first time. A disorganized pantry stared back at him in agreement, cans of soups and beans stacked haphazardly, tilted on their shelves, waiting for the slightest disturbance to collapse. But that wasn’t what his thoughts currently revolved around.
After a second of stunned silence, Dean picked up the photo display, screen now cracked down the middle, and stared down the hall where they’d gone.
Dean shrugged on his leather jacket and checked himself out in the mirror for a moment. A little discoloration remained around his eye, but thanks to his quick healing, the majority had faded away. It had felt awesome to just hang out in civvies all day and not have to do anything but entertain himself. Not that he hated the uniform or his job, but nothing compared to worn jeans and a ratty old T-shirt on a slow, warm day. Dean checked his phone again, but there were still no new texts from Charlie. He frowned at the screen. She’d worked today, since it was a Friday, but he knew she was home – he’d seen her car in the parking lot after he got back from a grocery run. Phone off usually meant she was watching a movie at her apartment, but he was always invited. And she was definitely not getting any with her long distance relationship with Gilda. Well, whatever. They lived in the same apartment complex, so he’d just go and knock on her door before leaving for the Roadhouse.
“No, nothing like that.” Unexpectedly, she smiles at him. “He’s a sweetheart. Just very afraid of medical things. Figured it would be more reassuring for everyone involved if we had a specialist take the wheel.”
The command seemed to break both of them out of their strange pause, and Daphne grabbed Dean’s arm in a tight grip and dragged him back. Dean did not resist, and Castiel desperately wished he could see Dean’s face, but the light behind him made it impossible to see any detail, and then the door closed.
“Sammy, c’mon, we’re about to make the jump!” Dean called, turning down the small hallway that their rooms were off of.
Castiel had closed his eyes at some point, and when he opened them again, Dean was smirking down at him. Instead of dealing with putting words together, Castiel could only make a questioning sound.
Sam scrambled to take off his helmet. A click and the loud hiss of the pressurized air inside releasing, and Sam threw the helmet to the side, yanking at the joinings to strip the rest of the accursed suit off of him. He tipped his head up, closing his eyes. Sam hadn’t felt a breeze in weeks. It touched the bare skin of his arms. He was still wearing the T-shirt and lounge pants from earlier, socked feet feeling bare without shoes.
. Even the friggin’ kids had known before him - both Shawn and Krissy, who had watched the whole commotion silently from the kitchen, hadn’t shown one lick of surprise at the news. Daphne and Castiel had to work with omegas who hid their class all the time, and yet they got all pissy when the roles were reversed. But now there was an FBI agent on the way, so he guessed now that they'd had a good reason for hiding. Had they been concerned that something like this would happen if any information about Castiel had gotten out?
“You wanna go check on Sam while we set up the jump? We’ll have a little bit before the AGF is synced fully.”
Castiel was having a good day, despite the circumstances. His rut had left him as suddenly as it had come on, though he supposed the shorter timeframe of this rut had been the trade-off for the greater intensity. During a usual rut, Castiel could almost function normally, despite the… urges that came over him, like every other alpha. This time though, he hadn’t trusted himself to even come out of his room. Not that he’d thought of doing so – he’d been firmly focused on other, more pressing, matters.
There’s only the slightest intake of breath, a widening of the pupils, and Dean’s so far under his thrall that Castiel could do anything to him and Dean wouldn’t mind at all.
Castiel looked around the apartment from where he was standing while he waited for Dean to appear. A few posters of classic cars and bands he didn’t know adorned the walls above a couch and two sturdy looking chairs, and old dirty boots haphazardly lined the bottom of the wall next to the door. Compared to his own space, Dean’s apartment appeared spotless, but still had its own, if utilitarian, personality.
The clang of a metal pipe hitting the ground sounded from behind one of the boxes, and they all looked in that direction.
Dean just gave a long suffering sigh and opened his door. “Fuck it. I give up.” He got out of the car and turned around, bending so he could see Benny, one hand ready to close his door. “You’re dead to me.”
Charlie had followed them, worried. “Guys, this is some crazy conspiracy bullcrap going on here, so I’m going to just go ahead and ask. What if it’s a trap? Could it be a trap?”
Castiel accidentally groaned out loud into the kiss when Dean finally wrapped a hand around him. He clutched at Dean’s shoulders and looked down between them.
It was the only warning they got before Ellen made her way into the mess hall, hair pulled into a messy bun. She headed straight for Dean, and after a moment of panic he realized and moved out of her warpath for caffeine.
“No,” Dean lied, “I’m not hungry. I’ll go get us a table.” John nodded absently and Dean turned and walked further into the building, picking out the cleanest table he could find. When he had settled in his seat, he watched Sammy as John ordered. Sammy kept his head down, but Millie and Ash circled the two, wagging their tails and brushing up against one another.
Dean woke up to the soft hum of the Impala around him, heart pounding. He’d only gone to sleep a few hours ago, but there was adrenaline rushing through his system from a half-remembered dream, keeping him awake. After a few minutes of staring up at the ceiling, Dean sighed in irritation and rose from his bed. He took his pillow with him and left his room, padding down the quiet hallway. The lights had been dimmed to simulate night, while still being just bright enough to navigate.
“Sooo…you want me to try to find Ruby, is what you’re getting at here?” Charlie asked finally, and Dean nodded from his place on her bed. “Okay, well, that’ll take a little bit, and I might not be able to find her if she’s
She nodded this time. “Yeah-“ her voice rasped over the word, and she winced and cleared her throat before trying again. “Heard the owner was another omega. Thought she’d be the safest person to go to for-” she gestured to herself, and glanced over at the alpha on the ground.
The floodlights were off, and only a single orange bulb shone light on the loading dock, where a van had been parked. The silhouettes of two men were dragging a smaller, unresisting form between them towards the door, and Dean heard faint whimpering sounds before the other man’s head moved, and Dean ducked behind cover again.
Castiel offers his hand and Sam shakes it. “It’s nice to meet you, Sam.” The strong facial features and high cheekbones are enough to give the two away as brothers, but Sam is much bigger than Dean and - in Castiel's eyes at least - not as magnetically handsome. Still, he has an easygoing demeanor that Castiel appreciates.
Ash was in the med bay as well, looking at the screen at his desk station. He looked up as Dean entered.
It was dark when he arrived, and he pulled his Baby off the main road and into the edge of the parking lot on one of the sides of the warehouse. On the back of the warehouse there was a metal door that led straight to the Campbell’s offices and living area, just on the sides of one of the loading docks. The metal door was always locked, Samuel had told him, but there was an intercom just outside, affixed to the wall just to the side of it, and it was his best bet of getting in, so Dean slid out of Baby and locked her before walking to the back side of the warehouse, deciding which insult to use first.
There was a silence on the other end of the line before Sammy replied, voice flat. “I really hope you’re joking, Dean.”
“Uh, okay.” Charlie said, not knowing at all where this was going. “You mean like, the alpha, beta, and omega classes?” When Castiel nodded, Charlie tried to put her thoughts in order. “Well, I know the Preserves are still really traditionalist, with rigid class structures where the alphas lead, betas follow, and omegas submit, but- “ she sighed, “gimme a bone, here.”
Castiel glanced up from making the bed to the door where Shawn hovered. “Almost done.” Shawn jerked his head in a quick nod, and Castiel turned back to his work. Smoothing out the covers and picking up the pillows from the floor, Castiel placed them just so before stepping back and putting his hands on his hips. It looked passable enough for a pull-out sofa bed. “It’s all yours,” he told Shawn, who immediately crawled into the covers and sat in the middle, legs crossed. He still looked and smelled miserable.
As soon as the last worker was on board, Dean banged on the divider between the pilots cockpit and the loading door. “Everyone’s on board, Bobby! How we doing on time?”
When Dean arrived to the cockpit, Pam, Ellen, and Benny were gathered around a side screen, talking quietly amongst themselves. When Benny saw Dean, he broke away and passed Dean, striding back into the hall.
Dean grabbed one of the zero-G handles and watched as Ellen and Jo piloted the ship out of the hangar. From his place behind them, he could see the empty void of space fill up the thick window until he had to look away. He’d miss having a planet beneath his feet, or even a goddamn station. Even though Dean knew how to fix fliers, he hated how fragile they were in space. Dying in the cold unfeeling vacuum of space was one of his greatest fears.
Soon enough, they were heading towards the station, Dean finally in his Baby, out of Benny’s beast of a truck. It was Bobby’s day off, but he met them out front, arms crossed. “Sounds like you had an eventful night.” Bobby told him, and Dean held up the evidence bags and waggled his eyebrows.
Dean followed behind Castiel as he glided through the hallways towards the cockpit. They had to pass Pam’s body once again, the acrid smell clinging in his nose.
Bobby and Sam were waiting outside in the hall. “Ellen just sent us to get you,” Sam said, too bright-eyed for Dean right now, “we’re approaching the Gate already. It’s synced up to the one for Middleroad’s system, so we’re already in the gravity well.”
It took them almost the whole day to get up to speed and far enough away from the gravity of the gas giant Yara that Charis Station orbited for them to turn the AGF heavy. Sam had found his space legs in that time, and Dean led him down to the engine room to show him the process. Sam had still been small when their Mom had died and they’d had to give the Impala up, but Dean still remembered the life.
“Just leave them there for now, Shawn. You’re a guest, you don’t have to do the dishes.” Shawn complied, albeit a bit reluctantly.
“What-?” Jo started, but then Castiel began to glow. Gravity pulled Dean down to the floor as Castiel got brighter.
“Yeah,” Dean replied, voice more wobbly than he expected. He cleared his throat, and stood up, food forgotten. Sam rose from his chair as well when Dean made his way around the table, and Dean gave him a bone-crushing hug. “Proud of you, man.” Sam just squeezed him tighter in response before pulling back, and Dean gave Jess a slightly less forceful hug.
“He left through the back. Said he was going to distract the shooter.” As he said that, another bang made Dean duck back down over the still form of Henrickson, but this time, it hadn’t been aimed at the diner.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Dean said, shaking his head. “There’s a public omega shelter for KU-“
When Raz finally settled into her form, it was an inconvenience. They’d been on a hunt for days, using Raz to shift into small animals to sneak ahead, and Dean hadn’t even noticed anything was different until after the fighting had stopped.
"If you suspected this, why didn't Henrickson try harder to get information from me, or get me to come to you earlier?"
Meg comes forward now and slides her hand over the edge of the desk, almost absentmindedly. “Yes, I’m sure they’re used to your absences by now.”
Sam was easy to spot in a crowd. All one had to do was look for the tall yeti roaming the halls, shaggy mane visible from a distance over the heads of all the regular-sized humans. “Sammy!” Dean yelled, loud as he could, gleefully watching as Sammy and Jess both stopped and turned around. Jess waved just as obnoxiously while Sam threw a spectacular bitchface in his direction. Dean waved back and closed the distance, passing students who did double-takes at his uniform. Or just him. Y’never knew.
“Why? You’re a freaking alpha, you don’t have to hide anything,” Krissy said with some heat, glaring at him.
After a pause, Benny sighed. “Ya have a point, there. But Bobby still needs to know if there’s a problem brewin’.”
Ellen scrolled through the data coming in and pulled up a visual map onto the screen. “See here? I figured we would come out somewhere between Middleroad and Charis station, but we’re not even close. Instead of falling short, we got shot out to the side. See – here?” There was a red gradient over the right side of the map, and the white dot of their coordinates shone from within it.
He held something in his hand, and he approached Dean and the table, dragging another chair in front of Dean’s and sitting down with a heavy sigh. From this close, Dean could see Castiel had a thin white towel in his hand that he'd wet at the sink, and now he reached out for Dean's face.
Benny picked him up twenty minutes later and drove him back to his apartment, and Dean got ready for the day after carefully placing the note and the wine bottle into evidence bags (it never hurt to have them around, even when off-duty). Dean gave Benny the low-down on Ruby while he could. He’d known about Sam’s addiction, since they’d met in NA meetings before, but not that his scent mate had been a part of it all. And that she’d tried to kill Jess by setting her apartment on fire. That usually raised a few eyebrows.
Besides moving a little, Gordon had stayed relatively quiet, but now he chose this moment to speak up. “You know they won’t believe her over me, right? And then I’ll come after both of you."
It had been more than a day since the refugees had all arrived on Charis station, and Sam had yet to find Dean, or even contact him in any way. He hadn’t been able to sleep, like so many of the other shell-shocked colonists. There was a miserable pall over all of them, mostly dry-eyed at this point, bleary with exhaustion.
Castiel looked over Benny’s shoulder, desperate for an escape and looking for Daphne, when he spotted a familiar face at the far end of the building.
There was a lot of work to be done, as they'd taken off before the ship had been totally ready. As a kid, the Impala had seemed cavernous, and now as an adult it was still larger than he’d been expecting, which meant there was much more volume to be maintained. The work would drop off soon enough, until they’d need to fire up the engines again to slow them down for the Gate, but for now Dean could lose himself in work hard enough to make him collapse into his bunk at the end of a shift with no energy left over for thought.
When Sam recovered enough to get his bearings, he straightened and saw the metal hull of the shuttle warming under his hand. “What-?”
“They are only scouts.” Castiel replied. “They don’t have the capacity to try and attack me. I have no doubt they’ll bring their Spires here if we stay much longer.”
“Well, Castiel. Are you still ready to run?” Castiel nodded. An omega couldn’t run on her own without supervision, if she valued her safety. “Good! I’m getting tired of sitting in the house all day. Jimmy is always too busy to humor me. Come on, then!” With that, she turned and twisted her robe up and out of the way, loosening it around her shoulders so her larger wolf form would still have hold of it. Castiel did the same, as uncaring of his nudity as she was with hers, feeling the twisting change shudder under his skin, rippling down his limbs.
It took him a long minute to understand what he was seeing, and he scrambled down off the side of the shuttle and hit – solid concrete, under his feet. A cloudy night sky overhead. Buildings towering over him, so tall the tops disappeared into the clouds above.
Dean shrugged. Charlie already knew cooking was a stress-reliever for him. “Just some alpha officers being dicks.”
The next time Dean emerged from his bedroom, Castiel finally realized what was happening. He’d been engrossed in a book he’d found, one covering the history of the New Hierarchy’s version of the civil war, totally different from his own accounts, when a wave of pheromones crashed over him. It was so strong and unexpected that Castiel could only inhale in surprise and look up.
“Don’t move. I’ll be back.” Dean told him. When he made his way over to the store, he scanned the trucks in the lot and spotted one with an open window. Looking around to make sure no one was watching, he dumped both phones into the compartment, making sure they landed in the footwell, and walked away. That would give their agent something to chase.
“Dean, you-“ Castiel shut his mouth, looking like he was going to drop this altogether. “Nevermind.”
“Alight, everyone,” Ellen said, “if you all are gonna hang around, do it from the cockpit, not next to the airlock.”
The wormhole generated in the center of the circle looked like a halo. Light from the other side leaked out on the peripheral edges, but the real wormhole was a literal black hole, unsettlingly dark and flat.
It wasn’t until he reached his room and closed the door behind him that he realized. Castiel had been in here – had made his bed, and had even left his dirty clothes behind in the corner, and Dean thought he could just roll around in the scent forever. And that's when he finally fucking realized what this was.
“Yeah,” Dean interrupted, flustered, “I- she knows, I mean, she will know, and no I haven’t heard back from her yet so I’m just-“ Dean hip-checked the doorframe on his way out “gonna go upstairsnowokay.”
“…Is that an ambulance?” Dean didn’t reply with words, but he did something that had Daphne muttering something before raising her voice. “Castiel, it's just an ambulance, please don’t do anything stupid!” Castiel paused at that, but shrugged on a T-shirt the rest of the way, eying the window. “Castiel, you hear me?”
Castiel clawed himself out of his dream, writhing in his sheets. Reorienting himself, he took stock as he gasped for breath, and put a hand on his chest as if he could physically calm his racing heart.
“Thanks,” the officer said, coffee in hand. He took a sip and hissed a little when it was too hot. “Well, I’m not sure I told you this, but the assailant had a low dose of Red in his system. An illegal drug. It’s really popular among alphas ‘cause it exacerbates their hormone production and rut instincts. Apparently it’s quite the party drug.”
Whelp, I disappeared off the face of the earth for a long while. Sorry bout that! Life was being a little bitch but she's better now. Also, you guys are all awesome!
To say he was confused would be an understatement. Dean opened his mouth and closed it a few times, eyes frozen on the highway. It was a good thing he could drive 435 with his eyes closed, because all of his attention had been diverted off the road. “They – wait, I’m-“
Dean hovered for a moment before giving up and sitting in the closest armchair by the door. The credits had ended, and the title screen that started looping every thirty seconds soon became unbearable. Dean leaned forward and grabbed the TV remote, gesturing at the screen. “Mind if I...?”
“Dean, did you-“ Castiel had to clear his throat, “did you want something?” When he realized the double entendre, he began to sweat beneath the scrutiny.
“The hell, man?” Dean’s voice has gone sharp with annoyance. “Not joking about the hypothermia! What’d I ever do to you?”
“Obviously you two haven’t seen the news.” Mortimer replied, and gestured at the doorway they had entered from. AJ was back. “AJ, use the side door.”
Best pretend he knew nothing. Castiel looked back at the professor, face carefully blank. “I’m sorry, you must have me mistaken for someone else.”
“Nothing!” Charlie yelled back. “Get your naked ass back in the shower!” Castiel tried not to imagine that and failed spectacularly.
.” His suppressants and scent-blockers were missing from the counter, and he knew his hidden backup stash would be gone as well. And the lipstick writing on the mirror? Classy.
Charlie nodded, and he watched, head in hand, as she started the coffee and bacon. Castiel had yet to wake up, but Dean suspected the smell of food and coffee would rouse him soon enough.
“Fine.” Charlie sighed, getting up off of Dean to start the episode. Dean sat up and opened two beers, passing one to Charlie when she sat back down. Her feet wound up over Dean’s lap as they settled in, but he didn’t mind. Once it started, Dean relaxed, feeling the stress melt out of his muscles. It was a mind-numbing action series, just dumb enough to entertain him and just enough science fiction to interest Charlie.
Wracking his brain, Dean couldn’t think of anything else besides his trump card – the last name of Novak. He was still debating on whether or not to try another search on the name. Maybe something had slipped past his radar when he was drunk. He vaguely remembered the scars now that he thought about it. “Wait, did he tell us something last night? I don't remember.”
Samuel had approached him months ago, surprising him with the knowledge of so many new family members, but they hadn’t ever shown up at his place before. They’d been nice and accepting up to that point, and a lot overbearing, but once Christian had announced the news to Samuel and Mark, leering all the while at Dean, well.
The alpha looked too swayed by instinct to be reasoned with, but Castiel could still try. "Stop this now and you won't be hurt," Castiel warned, putting up a hand. Hoping to prevent further physical confrontation, Castiel let his own eyes burn red for a second. A threat from another alpha would make him pause, if just for a moment. The other alpha hesitated and drew in a breath, but the scent of an opposing alpha was absent, Castiel suddenly realized. The alpha charged, instinct overriding reason once more.
“Hey,” Dean said, breaking the silence, and Castiel looked over to see him pointing at the street sign when they turned onto it. “Keep a look out. We’re close.”
“Sabotage,” Castiel replied over Dean’s comm. “Stay the course. There’s a way for you all to survive this still.”
“I wanted you and Sam to live. Isn’t that enough?” he replied, tone almost bitter. When Castiel offered up the photo display, the screen caught the light, shiny and whole again.
”I’m taking you up on that,” Dean grumbled, laying down beside him and looking out over the horizon.
For a minute, Dean just looked his fill, and Castiel let him. He watched as Dean started from the extensive scarring on his arms, following them up and across the few old scars on his torso from his time as a peacekeeper in the Forests, and then lower, to - oh.
“If your Underground is so powerful, why do you need my information?” The tension of the room eased as Castiel relaxed a fraction. The possibility that he might attack or run went down the longer this conversation went on.
A few minutes later, Dean found himself making quesadillas, stomach rumbling loud at the smell of melting cheese. Since he was making them, Dean was going to eat the first two while the next were cooking, and he wasn't gonna be sorry about it, dammit.
For a moment, Dean thought about not asking, not revealing a weakness, but curiosity had always gotten the better of him. “Do you ever wish that your daemon had settled into a different form?”
“Dammit, Cas, didn’t it ever occur to you that you could fight back? Don’t you have something that they want? Can’t you use that against them?”
They arrive to the full moon gathering as soon as the sun goes down under the horizon. The underside of the partial cloud cover stains pink and red, and there’s a slight breeze winding through the pines that stretch overhead. When Castiel steps out of the car, he has to take an appreciative breath of air – briny and cool from blowing in from the bay. Hannah, Meg, and Balthazar get out of the car behind him as well.
“Then you are in for a treat, my handsome friends,” Balthazar says, sidling up to Castiel’s side before Castiel can ask about that last sentence. Meg, who'd slipped away when Sam had barreled his way up to them, is right behind Balthazar.
“I think these will be of some use.” Dean said, dangling the handcuffs from one finger. “I also think I know the answer to that particular question. Remember I was telling you about Ruby? She really likes to fuck up people’s lives.”
in his body was weakening, using its energy to do all this. It whispered in the back of his brain, still garbled and incomprehensible. But clearer than before.
Not more than a minute later, there was more noise as the phone was handled again. “Sam? Sam Winchester?” This was a gruffer voice, definitely older than the other man.
“Ah, Sam!” the man said as Sam approached him, “so nice to finally meet you.” His voice was high and nasally, almost melodic in tone.
“I coulda guessed,” Charlie replied. “If the Preserves are just like how our society was, yeah. I mean, that’s only changed for realsies a couple of decades ago for us.”
They both almost ran towards the other, colliding together in a hug that almost knocked Sam clean off his feet.
“I was walking back home and a police officer stopped me and took me into an alley, and I didn’t realize anything was wrong, but then his eyes wouldn’t stop glowing, and- he- he pulled a
Their Rites had always been clear, but it had said nothing about helping each other. Not one soul died during their trial that year, though that success had been attributed to Jimmy, the only alpha of the rag-tag pack that they had formed, when they had found their way back to the village. Castiel hadn’t corrected them, and neither had Jimmy. He’d always been content to live in his twin’s shadow, especially since he was the beta.
Henrickson obviously expected this question. “Aerial drones. Not actual ones, really, just some glorified toy airplanes that we repurposed. If they’re high enough, the Preservers won’t notice, but obviously we don’t use them often, and we don’t send them in very far. When no one showed up at the meet point right outside the Preserves, we decided to use one. Luckily Castiel’s cabin wasn’t far from the border. It’s where they actually took the omegas and T-3s on their way out.”
Charlie darted forward immediately and Dean stepped out of her way. Cas paused in walking forward, as though just remembering something. “May I use your restroom to wash up beforehand?”
Dean had managed to snag a beta girl named Amanda a few days in – a straight-laced, blonde-haired, blue-eyed knockout. He’d always had a weakness for good girls. Especially if he could convince them to make out in the janitor’s closet. Barring the intense make out sessions, Amanda was still a little uptight. She obeyed her parent’s curfew, for crying out loud, and wouldn’t break it even for her boyfriend. Dean should’ve known that he was playing with fire with that.
Sam stumbled back into the line of people boarding the shuttle as the stranger pushed him, still reeling and disoriented. The metal ramp threw off his balance even more as he was drawn into the flier from the flow of people trying to make it in. For a second, there was a break in the crush of people, large enough for Sam to make a break for the door. A few dozen feet away, Jess was trying to make her way up the ramp.
Once Castiel had left, Dean went back to the living room to take out the DVD and put it away, muttering curses to himself. He hadn’t meant to be so much of a douche – of course he’d been a bit hesitant about it, but The Village was the only movie about the Preserves he could think of to show Cas that he knew. But Cas was always stoic as shit, so Dean thought he’d only squirm a little before Dean could throw out an off-hand comment about knowing his secret, and leave it at knowing there was a mutually assured destruction scenario in place. Admittedly, it was a dumb idea, but once in his head there was no getting it out. He'd almost dropped it once Charlie cancelled movie night to Skype her girlfriend, but then the opportunity arose one last time and he couldn’t help himself.
He thought for a moment, and his eyes flicked to Dean. “If I am not imposing, and Off - Dean does not mind.”
They fell into a silence as Cas came back into the room, and they all sat down at the small table with their food before it was broken again. Charlie, of course, had no table manners, and started to inhale her own food, but before Cas started to eat, he looked over at Dean.
“They’re not going to make it, Castiel. Please, you have to leave them and take us across the border instead.” Castiel finally noticed the small packs by Amelia’s feet, Claire clinging to her arm, wide-eyed and silent.
Dean couldn’t help but feel pleased at the snub. He leaned down, knee still digging into her back. “What, no questions for me? Not even about how Sam’s doing? I’m so hurt.”
Castiel sighs. “Dean, Sam, this is Balthazar and Meg. Balthazar, Meg,” he gestures forward, “Dean and Sam.”
Sounds and smells are spelled to be contained to individual rooms, so the rabbit-fast heartbeat and the sharp tang of anxiety hits him like a brick wall when he steps into the room. The man in the hospital bed doesn’t look scared at first glance, but Castiel is too much of a predator to not notice the little signs.
It was almost two in the afternoon, so the inside of the joint was empty except for an elderly couple near the window and the workers behind the counter.
“Castiel had an identical twin brother named Jimmy, who also worked for the Underground. One of them died three years ago, and the body couldn't be identified, and the other disappeared. We’ve been looking for Castiel this whole time, but Castiel was a beta. Jimmy was the alpha."
“How the hell did he get on board?“ Bobby asked, but Rufus shook his head and tapped his comm, warily keeping the stranger in view.
Jess opened the door shortly after Dean knocked. “Dean!” She drew him into a hug, and Dean caught the faint scent of perfume, just subtle enough to be noticed over her beta scent. It smelled really good.
“Exactly.” Dean bumped shoulders with her at the comment. This close, Dean could tell that Jess was wearing a small bit of that perfume again. It smelled really good.
It felt like an eternity before the shuttle righted itself as the pilots took them out of their spin, managing to stop the freefall and continue their ascent.
And suddenly Dean was putting a knee on the other side of Castiel’s hips, leaning in, and kissing him.
“It’s going very well, yes. The social worker seemed to think you would know her – a woman named Missouri?”
Castiel shook his head. “No, I’ve spent more time here today than I should have.” He looked at Shawn. “I have homework of my own to finish, you know.”
suggested it! Doesn’t want to involve Daphne or the two kids in this, and I didn’t have a choice in the matter with Henrickson in the room.” Dean dragged his hand through his hair.
“Hold on, lemme find Samuel really quick. You’ll want to talk to him first.” Sam frowned and opened his mouth, but the muffled noise of a hand being placed over the receiver stopped him. Sam sighed, relegated to waiting for this Christian to find Samuel. He scuffed his shoe against the sidewalk, hitting a pebble and watching it clatter over the curb to the pavement below.
“Dean,” Jess said, and Dean glanced back up at her. “I know you don't like that Castiel was hiding his alpha status
“Jesus.” Bobby muttered under his breath, as Dean snagged the last one with the rainbow sprinkles. “Get outta here, Garth," Bobby said, louder this time, and Garth saluted him with his free hand before he closed the door behind him.
The second time, Dean held still as Castiel reached forward with his other hand to grab Dean's chin and tilt his head to the side to see the cuts the gun had gouged into his skin. Dean startled, too aware of Castiel's fingers pressing against his jawline as Castiel started to dab the blood from his face with the cool cloth, touch gentle and careful. No, actually, he changed his mind- this wasn’t anything like the rough swipes to the face Sammy or Benny would’ve done to get the blood off his face. Too late to pull away now. Castiel would really know that something was up if he did that. An involuntary shiver went up his spine a few moments in, and Castiel stopped. Shit.
“I’m telling everyone to meet at the Roadhouse. We need to celebrate,” Dean told them, and Jess laughed. When he pulled back from the hug with Jess, Dean saw Castiel still sitting down, a nostalgic smile on his face as he watched them all. Dean looked away when Cas met his gaze, embarrassed at the show of emotion.
Dean and Castiel will start to interact a lot more starting next chapter – I just couldn’t force them into it before they were freakin’ ready to be.
He walked by the same room as before, and slowed down again, without really thinking about it. It was quiet, like most of the coma ward usually was, and before he realized what he was doing, Sam slipped into the room.
Sam tapped on his comm, cursing when it remained blank and dark. Broken. There was nothing he could do without a connection to the Net. He needed to send a message to Dean, get help before this thing in his head recovered. He couldn’t remember what had happened after seeing the Gate, and being overwhelmed with this feeling of revulsion, morphing quickly into raw fury. Somehow he’d successfully gotten through the airlock, but – it was all so
“Because he’ll get in trouble if she knows he spent time with the other doctor,” Dean answered absently. “Now
“Yes. Yes. He’ll be here. I’ll send him over to pick you up.” The man hung up before Bobby could, and Bobby and Dean stared at each other over the expanse of the desk between them.
Dean could feel Sam pause beside him, but he didn’t say anything. Before he could really think about it, he heard the clattering of the metal floor panels from the hall.
“Alright, once I actually see the damage, then I’ll decide what we do from there. Hopefully it’ll be an easy fix. Ready?”
Dean woke up sweaty and fuzzy-headed. The afternoon sun slanted through the far window right onto his face, only partly stymied by the thin curtains. For a blissful moment, he just groaned and turned over, away from the bothersome light, and put his face into the familiar musty sheets. Soon enough, the feeling of sweat pooling at the small of his back and in the creases of his bent knees forced him upright.
“He lost his phone three days ago at the start of his rut, so no.” Dean lapsed into silence for a bit, but Victor was obviously waiting on a better response than that. “I can contact Daphne – the woman who owns the safe-house, though she’s not my biggest fan at the moment.” She had not been impressed when the ambulance had shown up at her doorstep after Dean had
“No shit. We have to fix the AGF before we get pulled into the Gate. The resident expert was just murdered and I know jack shit, so do you know anything about it?”
Dean drove Baby back to the safe-house, an old rock station playing from the radio. The silence had been so uncomfortable that Dean had immediately turned it on to make this ride a little more bearable. Castiel sat in the passenger seat looking out the window, calm as a cucumber.
Speaking of. “Hey, Charlie, do I smell?” Dean asked, paranoid that his cover scent might have faded too much during the night. Charlie paused and walked over into his space to sniff the air.
Castiel only spared a glance over to Pam’s body. “No. There’s another like me on board. You’re not safe here.”
Shrugging, Dean turned to peruse the fridge again and paused when Castiel didn’t step out of his personal space. “Did you want something else?”
“Just don’t puke on Henrickson.” Dean replied, wiping his hands off on his pants. “I need to go after Cas and the sniper, but help is on the way, okay?”
Sam was frozen in place, and it took his brain a long time for another thought to crash into this new feeling.
“…No.” Sam admitted, and Marjorie deflated and chewed her lip in worry. “Did you notice anything off about him? Or has anything strange or different happen recently?”
“She’s hiding. She’s not stupid.” Balthazar opens the door to his room and waltzes in like he owns the place, coming around the desk. Meg stays in the doorway and leans against the frame.
When they arrived at the Roadhouse, Ellen nodded at them from behind the bar, already busy with the beginnings of the weekend crowd. Since it had yet to really fill up, they were able to snag a booth, and Charlie and Castiel scooted in. Dean leaned over and knocked the table with a knuckle, catching their attention.
At first, the window stayed black, but in a few moments streaks of multicolored lights slowly brightened behind the window. Single strands darted by like silvery fish, but gradually the numbers increased until the whole surface glowed a pearlescent, multicolored white.
“No. Too far.” He should probably listen to Charlie, as she remained the most sober at the moment, but he just wanted to sleep. Dean’s eyes slid closed until Charlie shook him awake again. He batted her hand away grumpily. “Lemme ‘lone.”
The presence had faded into nothing – the door sliding closed in his mind’s eye, without enough energy to keep it open. The air had been knocked out of him, but Sam gasped and shuddered in place, tears of relief leaking from the corners of his eyes.
When he got to the parking lot, Dean put a hand up to his mouth to yell, “Cas! Where are you?” No one replied. “Cas?” Dean called again, dread creeping up his spine. “Castiel!”
Jesus Christ. “Put it away, you two.” Dean growled. “We’re here for Sammy and Jess, if you’d forgotten.”
Other texts from concerned friends just getting the news about Henrickson’s shooting were still flooding in as well, but Dean ignored those. And – hmm. There was one other text that he’d gotten only an hour ago, from an unknown number. He didn’t know the area code for it.
Dean glanced to Bobby briefly, who nodded in response, before facing Henrickson. “Castiel won’t meet me tonight, but he said he’d come to my apartment at five tomorrow.”
Once his feet were under him, Dean didn’t waste any time in dropping Castiel’s hand and making his way out of room. He paused at the doorway to glance back at Castiel, gesturing him to follow, before he disappeared into the hallway.
Even with avoiding tollroads and skirting the city proper to make their way to the northern suburbs of Chicago from the southwest, the drive only lasted two hours. Dean’s churlish behavior faded as his hangover did, replaced by seriousness the closer they got to their intended address. Castiel tried to keep himself calm by looking at the window, with marginal success. It had rained during the night, and mist still beaded across the glass, streaking like comets.
The blare of a horn and a yell made Sam open his eyes again and move forward to the parapet, to look down the several stories to the sidewalk below. The shuttle behind him looked private, parked on the top floor of a holding garage. He’d never seen a sleeker shuttle, and with the neon glitter down below, he’d definitely ended up on an established colony world.
“Sam Winchester?” someone behind him said, close enough to not have to yell. Sam turned around. A man he’d never seen before stood right next to him, unmoved by the crowd. He looked like an accountant who had just left his office in his suit and tie to flee, disheveled trenchcoat and all, but something was off about him.
Castiel moved into the apartment, and Dean closed the door behind him. “I wanted to apologize if I sounded rude yesterday, I wasn't-“
“Do you have something less disgusting?” Castiel asked. The alcohol back at the Roadhouse had been better than this.
The brothers have a meaningful conversation with their eyes, and then Dean says, “I’ll be right behind you, Sam.”
After shots of dark branches and the sound of heavy drumbeats, it became painfully obvious that this movie was about the Preserves. Nervous, Castiel glanced over at Dean again, who caught the motion and turned his head. Their eyes met, Dean's eyes glinting in the light from the TV. On reflex, Castiel smiled a little and quickly turned back when Dean did the same. No, Dean couldn’t know. It was impossible. Why had Dean chosen this particular movie? Was it just a coincidence? Were there many films about them?
Benny eyed him. “I don’t think Ruby will try anythin’ tonight, and you need’ta rest. I say wait and talk to Bobby first thing tomorrow.”
Mortimer didn’t look away from Castiel. “No one’s hands are the right ones for that kind of information.” He put out a hand, palm up, waiting.
Because of Dean. “Is that why you’re crashing here? Don’t want to have those three in the crossfire if he is lying?”
.” The girl two tables over snapped her book shut a lot harder than necessary, and Dean automatically quieted. “Can we go eat or something?” he whispered this time, and Castiel drummed his fingers on the table.
For the last few days before they reached the Gate, the crew prepared the Impala for zero-G, strapping everything down that could float away and switching over to contained food and liquids. Sam was prepared this time for the switchover, Dean noted proudly, keeping his own grip on a handhold as Pam switched the AGF light. They’d had a few more incidents of Sam trying to sleepwalk out of his room when the drugs didn’t work, but he’d never gotten as far as the first time.
“It’s the- just come over here for a sec and I’ll show you.” At that, Castiel made his way over from where he’d been leaning against the doorframe, and Charlie brought up something on one of her screens. “Okay, so an encryption is-“
At the sight, he reached back and shoved Dean away from them. Dean wouldn’t stand a chance of fighting without a gun. With five hunters, neither would Castiel.
Someone picked up after a few more rings. “I guess I shouldn’t be surprised it took you this long to call me,” the man on the other end of the line told him. He had the trace of some accent Dean couldn’t place.
Taking out his forgotten phone from of his pocket, Dean eyed the closed door once more before he swiped the screen to show a new text from Benny.
The young man just nodded and jerked a thumb over his shoulder to the room behind him. The workers all had individual cubicles, and Castiel already knew where Charlie’s was. He thanked the young man and made his way back to her station. All sorts of strange paraphernalia covered her space; plastic figurines of humans and monsters, posters of the same, pinups of very beautiful ladies in very…suggestive poses. Castiel wondered if the last ones were even allowed in a workplace.
Dean looked up from his own food, still chewing. “Mmmf,” he mumbled, and got up, gesturing for Castiel to follow. Castiel followed Dean to the hallway, where he opened a door to reveal a closet and pulled a towel out, handing it to Castiel. “All yours.” He gestured again when Castiel moved in the direction of the kitchen to get his bags, moving backwards. “Uh uh, keep following me.”
“It’s been a while since I’ve had a chance to talk with you, Speaker Novak.” Jim says, wrinkles deepening at the corners of his eyes as he smiles. Myers is a relatively recent addition to the Northwest, after a brutal pack schism in Wisconsin saw the survivors fleeing to a new state. They’d had to get help from the native packs on the coast, but now they had a quaint property and permission to hunt nearby. Bringing a new line of natural born wolves to the area had helped them get preferential treatment.
When no one moved, Bobby raised his voice and shouted, “GO! Report back here in two minutes, people!”
As Shawn was leaving, he went and hugged Krissy, dragging a smile out of her. “Have fun, brat,” she told him, ruffling his hair before he could duck out of it. “Bye now.”
“Long story. Tell you after.” The two short sentences were all he could manage before Dean put his forehead on the cold glass of the side window.
“Uh huh. Interestingly enough, a few days before you reappeared, an anonymous tip lead police officers to bust a particularly large omega trafficking ring during a trade-off, in which some long lost relatives of yours got arrested.”
? That was another reason he didn’t invite people over. He always forgot and had shit like this happen. Guess he just had to learn that lesson the hard way, again. He couldn’t let his guard down frikkin’ anywhere.
Wordlessly, Cas handed over the gun and the cell phone but kept the knife for himself. Dean hid the gun under the driver’s seat, within reach, and turned his attention to the phone. The cell phone was a burner; it didn’t have any contacts on it, and there weren’t any messages or calls in its history. He pocketed it for later. A phone charger in the center console and an atlas hidden under the back of the driver’s seat were the only other things of note they found.
No patients are within earshot yet, so Castiel lets the faux-pas of calling him Sire in a public space pass as she approaches. “Yes?”
That was all he could get for now. Once Dean put away the recorder, he couldn’t help himself from drumming his fingers on the table and sighing. He’d have to wait a couple days for Krissy to be well enough – coherent enough - to talk to him, but until then no more information would be had, no matter how much he itched for it.
“Don’t – don’t hurt him!” Amelia screamed, struggling against the hold Ion had on her arm. “You promised he wouldn’t be harmed!” Behind her, Claire and Jimmy were dragged out of Castiel’s cabin by two other members of the Garrison peacekeeping pack.
When Charlie had caught her breath, she swiveled in her chair to face him fully. “Whew. Okay, what do you need, Castiel? Having more problems?”
When he turned around, Castiel was sitting at the kitchen table, hands clasped together and eyes unfocused. He must’ve been thinking ‘cause the wall he was currently staring at looked very blank and uninteresting. Dean dropped the plate in front of him and startled Castiel out of his reverie as he pulled his phone out of his pocket. Surprised, Castiel looked at the food and turned to Dean. “You didn’t have to-“
“What, you mean this beautiful mane?” Ash asked, unfazed, and flipped his mullet back with a hand, “It’s for all occasions, man. Business in the front, party in the back.”
“Yeah. Follow up on an omega girl that got attacked when she was starting a heat. Luckily nothing really happened and she's fine now, but...” Dean chewed on his lip.
“Thank you, I’m aware of that,” Dean said, dryly. He managed to rip open the plastic and put the meat into the pan, resulting in a satisfying sizzling sound. The smell of cooking beef made his stomach twinge with hunger. “Look, it’s not like I’m gonna have a heart-to-heart with the man over a candle-lit dinner. Besides, Charlie’s always around, so what’s the worst that could happen?”
“Not much we can do on the attack front. Court order was the only thing I could get her to agree to. Real worried that Child Services is gonna split the two kids up for good once they get a hold of ‘em. They're not actually related.”
“No, guess I’m not,” Dean replied. He remained standing and tossed the photo display to Castiel, who caught it just in time. “I believe this is yours.”
. I made a serious breach of confidentiality with this, so you all better be grateful.” The last part was directed at Dean, but Dean looked down and dragged his thumb against the condensation on the soda can in front of him instead of meeting her gaze.
After a few minutes, he wandered back into the front hall and then to the kitchen. A few pairs of shoes lined the entryway, including one pair of loafers that were way too big to be Daphne's, which reassured Dean that Castiel would in fact be back. Probably. Dean made his way to the kitchen, which looked a lot more lived in than the living room, but it didn't fully satisfy his curiosity.
The sound of movement in the other room brought him out of his reverie. Castiel turned around at the scuff of footsteps in the hallway, coming towards the kitchen. The officer appeared in the doorway and raised a hand when he saw Castiel.
The overhead speakers let out a high pitched shrill before quieting, and then a familiar voice spoke. “Hello? Can you hear me?” Castiel asked over the speaker.
“Perfectly,” Gordon answered, smiling. “Now,” he held up his own pair of handcuffs, “one for the girl.” He tossed them over, and Krissy put them on after a look from Dean. When they were both cuffed, Gordon relaxed his hold on the gun, making his way closer. He was still wearing his police uniform from this afternoon, when Dean had seen him at the diner.
There was a long second where they recognized the other, while Alistair was turning around, still talking.
Once Castiel had Gordon’s arms cuffed behind his back, Castiel swept the legs right from under him, and unable to stop his fall, Gordon hit his head on the brick wall on the way down, sprawling in a stunned heap. “Stay.” Castiel told him, and limped over to Krissy. Not a lot, but just enough for Dean to remember that Gordon had put a bullet in his leg as well. Right.
Jess stared hard at him for a minute, like she was figuring him out, and Dean looked down and became very interested in his fork. “It’s only biology,” she replied, slowly. “Very powerful biology, and it works most of the time, but there are more things to a relationship than that. My parents never met theirs, and they’ve lived a long, happy life together despite of it, and Ruby-“ her mouth twisted at the name, “she was never good for Sam. It doesn’t stop people from making bad decisions.” She didn’t bring up John and Mary, and Dean was grateful for that.
“The comet that was supposed to pass close by Hephaestus seems to have changed trajectory to collide with the planet. There is currently no plausible explanation as to how the comet managed to do so, but most believe it has something to do with the large AGF field now emanating from Hephaestus. The leading theory is that this was a planned attack, to cut off production of the crucial AGF material to produce-“
“The toaster is a very confusing contraption,” Cas replied, matter-of-fact. “Krissy said I shouldn’t enter the kitchen again because she wants to keep the roof over her head.”
Balthazar and Meg go on ahead, disappearing into the darkness where the light from the bonfire doesn’t reach. Castiel follows, letting his eyes adjust as the other two run ahead. It’s much cooler away from the fire, and Castiel takes off his shoes and socks, places his bare feet onto cold earth. A chorus of howls rises from deeper in the trees.
Ellen and Jo were harnessed in and barely batted an eye, but Dean felt his stomach give a brief lurch as he oriented himself in zero-G.
It was almost too impossible to believe this was even happening. Sam could only watch as the fireball ate up most of the horizon, sending dark plumes of earth into the upper atmosphere. The clouds rose towards them as they folded upwards from the shockwave. People were shouting in alarm all around him now, but he couldn’t look away.
He snarled again when one grabbed him by the hair to lift his head up. The cold kiss of metal circled his neck as they fitted him with the collar and locked it in place.
Dean stepped aside so Ash could leave the room, and then listened until he could no longer hear Ash in the hallway before he walked forward. Castiel’s body looked peacefully asleep. Dean came close enough to shove a shoulder.
He only managed to say, “Hey, Cas-” before Cas jerked under his hand, startled awake. Castiel grabbed Dean’s forearm in a painful vise, his other hand going around Dean’s neck. With a sharp motion, Dean found himself pinned to the carpet, Castiel above him, the hand around his neck tightening.
Charlie gave him a thin smile. “No, I still have a body. Not a ghost in the Net just yet. Well, are you ready?”
Castiel frowns in the direction of the door at the noise, but doesn’t get up from his chair. It’s nothing identifiable, just the sound of the front door opening and closing, the rustle of clothes being hung up and the stamp of feet on the hardwood. Vampires, then, but friendly enough to make enough noise to alert him to their presence. He runs through the list of names in his head but comes up blank to who would be here at this hour, until a voice carries up the stairs.
It was relatively easy to avoid detection when they changed schools every couple of months. No one really had the opportunity to find out about him since Dean never went anywhere without a cover scent, and John had gotten him on suppressants after the first time there'd been trouble. Suppressants cost a good amount of money, and they struggled to make ends meet anyways, so he’d gone without them for years to make sure he got enough food on the table to feed Sammy when John was out for the count. After a huge fight the year before with two teenage alphas at the beginning of a heat, he’d been sent to Sonny’s omega safe-house. John had left him there for a good long while, without explanation. He'd finally picked him up of course, and wordlessly taken Dean to the nearest free clinic for suppressants. When he wasn’t drinking or just straight-up gone, John had tried. Badly, but he'd tried.
With a pained sigh, Dean crouched to set the rest of the bags down and pick things up. Trails of egg white spider-webbed their way across the grooves in the pavement, so Dean already knew there were casualties even before he opened the egg carton to check. Three out of twelve had broken open. He picked them out and threw them spitefully against the nearest parked car.
A red Prius sat parked in one of the two spaces. He was willing to bet money that the car was unlocked, with a key left inside.
Castiel shook his head. “No, the omegas will be too sick to move by tomorrow at this rate. Jimmy was-“
Charlie herself sat in front of her computer screen, typing away at an incredible speed. She faced away from his direction, large headphones covering her ears, so Castiel knocked gently on her cubicle wall, then harder when there was no reaction. Debating for another second, he finally leaned over and waved a hand in her line of vision, and she jumped so far she came off her chair. Charlie fumbled her headphones off and put a hand on her chest, beta scent spiking with adrenaline.
“What?” He searched Castiel’s eyes, dumbstruck, and Castiel made sure to hold his gaze for a few moments before glancing back to the exit.
Dean fumbled his phone out of his pocket and dialed Cas’ number four times before he gave up. Did Cas not get the text from Charlie before because he didn’t have his phone, or was he already-? Maybe it wouldn’t hit him as hard because he was a T-1, but Dean was not taking that chance. Maybe it just hit him harder, all at once, with his metabolism.
Dean looks him over for a long moment and seems to accept the apology. He sighs. “No, I asked for it. Don't have to apologize for that."
Hael dragged him the rest of the way forward, dropping his arms suddenly when they were close enough. When Castiel tried to stand, she pressed her peacekeeper dagger against his neck. “Don’t get up.” she warned, and Castiel subsided back, on his knees and resting his weight on his heels, mirroring Jimmy’s position.
The door opened a fraction and Garth stuck his head in. “Hi guys! I’m going around getting rid of the rest of the donuts I brought in from Church this morning, and you three are looking mighty stressed in here.” The white box slid into the room as Garth leaned further in. “They’re
All the rooms in this wing are private, so Castiel makes his way over to the specified door just down the hall and knocks politely. After a muffled response from inside, he lets himself in. There’s another tingle of magic as Castiel passes through a smaller warding just inside the door.
“Make some noise, Cato,” Dean replied, glaring weakly at Castiel as he relaxed his sudden white-knuckled grip on the fridge handle.
Castiel makes a noise of agreement. “Yes, it can be. I gather this is your first time to something like this?” When Dean nods, Castiel cocks a judgmental eyebrow. “Who’s sponsoring you? They should be making introductions.”
As the rest of the crew followed orders, Jo came forward and took the suit from Dean’s hands. Benny jerked his head to the hallway. “I got this, Dean. Go watch from the cockpit.”
He slams open the door. “Don’t you have-“ he starts to say, before he’s pushed out of the way by a very naked man.
Her look turned calculating. “…Only if Castiel’s invited too. We were at the final ceremony scene, so movie’s probably done.”
He only had to wait a moment before Charlie answered the door in her Star Wars shirt. But that meant-
With nothing left to entertain him here, Castiel stuffed the book back into his frayed backpack and stood up to make his way to the counter, passing Daphne.
Even then, the benefits surely outweighed the negatives. Castiel had never been so obsessed with sexual pleasure outside ruts since he’d first discovered masturbation.
The professor just shook his head in response. A silence descended, broken only by the growl of an engine on the road, both men illuminated faintly for a second by the passing headlights. “So, do you mind if I ask - how did it happen?”
. Castiel had the wherewithal this time to avert his gaze and turned to close the pantry doors with a definitive clack.
She ran out of the back as he sprinted out of his seat, not bothering to slow as he yelled “Omega!” She would know what to do. He caught the edge of the door before it had a chance to swing shut and ran after the retreating forms. The alpha had gained ground on the omega, closing the distance fast. Castiel wouldn’t be able to intercept in time.
Omega trafficking. Dean's stomach turned as he remembered what Samuel had called his job. Acquisitions. Fuck.
“I guess.” Not really, no. Sam had texted Dean to meet him for lunch to 'tell him something', so they were probably going to double-team him into doing something he really didn’t want to do. Sam knew Dean couldn’t say no to Jess when she pulled out the angel-eyes. They used it against him frequently.
Daphne tugged on his arm again, “Dean, I think we should leave him alone.” There was a note of warning in her voice this time. Dean looked at her incredulously.
“I mentioned earlier I would tell you more once I talked to my boss, and I have, now.” Henrickson went on, like nothing had just happened. “He likes you. So I get to share what we have.” Dean blinked at the sudden change of topic, still tense and wary. He didn’t know if Henrickson was threatening him or just making him aware that they knew more about him than he wanted them to, but he didn’t like either option. Henrickson pushed out the other chair on the opposite side of the table with his foot. “Sit down. It’s lesson time.”
Castiel packed up his things and put his laptop in his backpack, throwing it over his shoulder as he made his way through the library to the IT services area. Maybe he could find Charlie to help him again. She seemed to not mind his socially awkward ways overmuch. The young man at the service desk looked up as Castiel approached.
Dean froze, could only watch as Gordon looked up at him. “Hold on, there’s one more.” He dabbled with Jess’ phone, gun still pointed at him even though his eyes were on the screen. And Dean knew exactly what he was going to do next. When he turned the screen around, Dean could only stare at the picture Charlie had taken of Dean and Castiel, mute. The text underneath read,
“Alice. Hi!” After a split second’s hesitation, she holds out the hand she still had in the air, and Castiel shakes it. “Just started a few weeks ago.”
“No, no way. I saw him makin’ his rounds before we took off. If Rufus says he wasn’t in the cargo bay when we took off, I believe him.”
“A research lab. I was in charge of a separate division and occasionally visited when I needed to. But I knew all the employees in that particular lab.”
“No no no - don’ tell me-” Dean said, leaning forward in his seat, steadying himself on the edge of the table. “You’ve
The sound of the water finally shut off, just as he was getting suspicious that Castiel might be trying to crawl out the tiny bathroom window. And he really had to pee. And that was the only bathroom in the apartment. Five minutes later, Dean finally muttered darkly under his breath and knocked on the bathroom door. It opened before he could say anything, and a clothed and barefoot Castiel emerged, hair still damp, curling slightly around his ears. The towel Dean had given him was in one hand. “Sorry.” Castiel said, sheepish. “I like long showers. You have excellent water pressure.”
"Dean," Castiel interrupted, tired. "I'm not holding this against you. I know why you did it. Now we both can't say anything without serious consequences. Let's not discuss it further."
Dean threw him an unimpressed look. “You keep making those jokes and I’ll feed your cats laxatives.”
“Why don’t you just run for the hills if you don’t think he’s telling the truth?” Dean asked, curious. “You could probably kick my ass in a fair fight, and easily get away.”
After another minute of retreading his circuit through the first floor again, Dean heard the screen door creak open. Castiel appeared in the hallway.
It took Sam more tries than he could ever care to remember to have someone point out the nearest public access. When he stepped into the lobby, he had to query the reception kiosk to show him the input room. It was one of the only free places to have access to the Net for people who could not get or could not afford implants to experience it without the limitation of a boring comm screen. Sam passed a few people at cubicles, physically wired in, eyes tracking things he couldn’t see. The input room was empty – not often used, and smelling of dust and old sweat.
Sam looked back towards the med bay a few times after that, but he kept his head down and didn’t argue further. Dean couldn't help glance back that way himself.
There was that second of disorientation again, as Sam found himself somewhere else too fast, but this time he pushed Castiel and stumbled away. Castiel had teleported them into the shuttle, between the rows of empty seats ready for take-off. Sam could feel the engine rumble to life beneath their feet.
“Sorry to break this up,” Sam says, contrite, “but Myers told me to bring Dean back, so he can start introducing us around.”
Before Sam could turn back to the window, a harsh white light bleached the inside of the shuttle, so bright he reflexively closed his eyes until it had passed.
On a regular door, the turn for the lock was inside the room, obviously, but in places with alphas that had really bad ruts – the kind that all omegas feared – they had rooms that locked from the outside to keep the alpha from leaving and causing trouble. So it was definitely weird that a room in an omega safe-house would have this same lock. Huh. He could’ve walked in at any point if he’d noticed earlier.
He put a hand up to knock, but then Dean shook his head and dropped it. Instead, he headed to the cargo hold where Bobby and Rufus had been catching up last. The cargo hold was filled with large metal containers cinched down to the floor, stacked high enough that he couldn’t see over them. Dean wandered through the labyrinthine maze, heading for the back corner.
“I’m not talking to you, Dean,” Ruby hissed, before her eyes found Cas again. “Fine, be that way. How’s your precious Krissy doing?”
After a beat, Castiel shook his head. Dean turned it off, thankful until he realized that he had plunged the room into an even more awkward silence. Fidgeting, Dean looked over at Castiel. The man in question was looking down at his lap, fiddling with the sleeve of his long-sleeved shirt. Dude looked like he could actually watch paint dry and find it enjoyable, but Dean was getting antsy. His leg bounced up and down, restless, before Dean decided he had to say something.
The stares of the two women returned, prickling the back of his neck with awareness as he nodded in response. When Castiel turned and passed by the two women as he made his way to the door, he knew they would try to scent the air around him in vain. It was a habit some developed when they encountered a cover scent without another masking pheromone to hide the deception. Although it showed he was hiding something, he had no desire to use a masking pheromone. Many assumed the most likely scenario and let it go, and people thinking they knew the secret never dug for another.
“I said it’s fine!” Dean interrupted, a little sharper. He seemed to realize his tone had changed, and grimaced, “Sorry, I - let’s just watch the movie, yeah?”
. He wouldn’t be surprised if Hannah has been compiling a dossier of everyone within a ten foot radius of a certain Dean Winchester. It almost makes him regret giving his number to Dean in front of everyone.
Ten minutes later, Dean found himself trailing after Krissy as she turned onto another street. He'd been unsuccessful in getting the location out of her, so he'd been forced to take her with him to find where she'd squatted with Shawn before. Castiel had been there previously (the only confidant Shawn and Krissy seemed to tolerate), and had decided it would make a good hideout for him as well.
“Woah, the sass has finally made an appearance!” She started to say more before they both heard Dean approaching down the hall.
her though, Dean knew for a fact. It made him antsy that he couldn’t anticipate her next move, besides the fact that it would be to harm Jess and influence Sam. Unseen threats had always been the most dangerous kind, purely because no one ever saw them coming before they hit.
“Of course, Dean. I’ll tell you all I can." Castiel put the bloody cloth on the table. "I tried to warn both you and Henrickson before that the Old Heirarchy would still be after me, though that was ignored.”
“My thoughts exactly.” Dean said, and rubbed his temple with his free hand to try and relieve the pressure.
Charlie hit his shoulder. “He came in with his laptop! I thought he was a prof when he brought it in, but he’s just a hella old student that goes there. I thought he was a real creeper until he saw my three wolf moon shirt and told me about the mythology behind wolves howling at the moon. It was actually super rad. He’s going there to get a degree in accounting.”
Even though the movie stereotyped their way of life in ignorance and made them out as a superstitious lot, it struck home, uncomfortably close. The ‘creatures they did not speak of’ seemed to be a crude referral to their wolf form, stalking the humans from the woods. Haunting calls of an unseen thing and the snapping of twigs in the underbrush filled Castiel with tension. He startled badly at the first sighting of the creature, a brief flash of red.
“Daphne here can take you upstairs to see your sister while I talk to Castiel. How does that sound?” Shawn nodded.
It took Marjorie a bit of time to dig up the phone number from their records, but once she found it she wrote it down on a hot pink post-it note and handed it to Sam from over the desk without any prompting. “I hope this helps,” Marjorie told him, the sides of her mouth quirking up for a second in one of those quick empathetic smiles, not meant to show happiness.
It was a dark and grainy picture of a woman, bending down to face them. She was frowning, not looking at the camera, dark hair falling in waves past her shoulders.
The cuffs he had on needed to come off as well. Dean glanced back to his gun and spotted the keys to his handcuffs right next to it, lying forgotten on the concrete, and he stood up to make his way towards them. The scuffle between Castiel and Gordon drew his attention.
The doorbell rang only a scant half-hour after Castiel got back home from campus. Still jittery, the sudden sound made him jump before he made his way to the door and peered through the side-window. It was the beta officer from last time. Castiel opened the door and the officer’s green eyes fixed on him before darting behind him into the house. A dark bruise framed one eye.
“and he’s inviting you to the next full moon gathering!” Balthazar claps his hands together. “You’ll have to go to avoid slighting another Speaker, unfortunately. And great news! It’s less than a week away, so you’ll have us there!”
Raz could do the same thing, but Dean didn’t like to be separated from her so completely. He liked to be able to see her and make sure she was safe.
He blinked a few times to take the sting out of his eyes before he looked up again. Uriel was still opening and closing his mouth, but all Castiel heard was a buzzing noise, drowning everything else out. He could still feel the dagger against the side of his own throat, cold against his skin. They should have bound his hands as well.
“Alright, sure thing,” Charlie said, gesturing to the empty chair in her cubicle. “It’s super easy to do. Pull out your laptop and I’ll show you.”
Sam took out a bottle of pills from his pocket and rattled it in answer. Dean looked at it but didn’t comment.
Earlier, Castiel had been ready to claw their faces off to escape, and now he wasn’t even giving Dean the evil-eye anymore. He had been the one to suggest moving some stuff to Dean’s place immediately, and Henrickson had only shaken his head in irritation, turning to Dean. He hadn’t been able to say no with Henrickson staring at him like that, that damned conversation about Alistair hanging over his head. When Henrickson had left them, phone already in hand as they’d gotten in the Impala, Dean had been grateful to see him go. Too bad it wouldn’t last.
. At least, when you’re in the cockpit to see it. Rufus throws up every time so he’s not allowed up here during the jump anymore.”
A day later, all of the crew had gathered in the cockpit to watch the red lights slide past their ship – close enough to visibly see them from just looking out the window. In space, that was very, very close.
“I dunno,” Benny replied. “I was so sure that –“ he paused, changed gears, “I’m usually not wrong about that kinda thing. I just think that you shouldn’t warm up to him so fast ‘cause everyone else is. Family’s always been your blind spot.”
So did Ruby. After so much fruitless searching dead-ending at an abandoned Impala in an empty parking lot, and a sparse attended funeral in the middle of a downpour, he'd needed the comfort. Things were finally moving up from that rock-bottom that Ruby had pulled him from, and now Sam just had to keep it that way.
Whatever that man had done had disoriented Sam enough that he had not been able to put up any semblance of a fight. Sam had been guided and manhandled into a seat, even buckled down, before he’d regained any of his faculties.
“What are you doing out here?” Castiel asked, tilting his head, though Dean wouldn’t be able to see the action.
Castiel woke up to someone poking his cheek. “Hey. Hey, mister. Daphne says to wake up.” Scrunching up his face under the assault, Castiel cracked open an eye to see Shawn already up, bent over him.
Frozen, Castiel can only stand still as Sam ducks behind him, putting a shield between him and Dean. Dean is so laser-focused on Sam, he ignores Castiel completely, trying to maneuver around him to get to Sam. He’s growling a little in his throat.
“Please, Castiel, I – we – need to know. Something is happening in the Preserves. Surely you were aware of that, at least.”
“No, I-“ Castiel sighed and felt his nose, probably making sure it wasn’t broken, before he wiped the newest trail of blood off his face. “I tried that, once.”
“-Dean, please.” Sam said, too upset to argue at all. He dug his fingernails into the palm of his hand, drawing blood, trying to stop the tears blurring his vision.
Before he could really take it all in, Alistair swiped the knife out of view. “Whoops, forgot I had that in here,” he chuckled, and picked up the thick envelope that it had been resting on. Turning around, Alistair leaned back and took a second to look Sam over, turning the envelope over in his hands.
good piece of info. So I’m done playing nice.” He leaned forward over the table, pinning Castiel with a stare. “I couldn’t figure you out before, but I think I’ve got it now. Tell me, how long did it take for-“
“Because they’ll be able to track our location if you have it on you.” Dean stuck his hand out. “Now give me your goddamn phone.”
And he’d been too confused to understand what he’d been feeling when Meg had made advances, so long ago, right after he’d turned into an alpha.
“Delaying?” Dean barked a laugh, looking back at Castiel. “Is that what they told you? Oh, wait, they didn’t have to. You just follow any order they give you like a good little soldier.”
The next guy walking down the street was a little older than Sam, wearing cloud blue pants and a collared shirt. He slowed as Sam approached. “Excuse me, do you know where I could get my comm fixed?” He held up his wrist with a sheepish smile. “I broke it.”
He scans the area and does a double-take when he sees Castiel, immediately recognizing him. It’s only second before another shout spurs Sam into motion again, and he comes running around the bonfire towards Castiel.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean smiled wanly at the response. That was good. Dean trusted her to make the right call for Krissy and Shawn, just like she had tried to do for Sammy and him before John had moved them out of Lawrence. When Dean didn’t say anything else, a rather comfortable silence descended as they all focused on eating instead of talking.
Krissy stopped and Dean did the same, catching the small inconsistency for real this time. The footsteps stopped a moment too late.
“Just looking at the stars.” Castiel responded, warmth bleeding through him from hearing that nickname again, and Dean stopped in front of him. It had turned too dark to see anything besides black and grey shapes. He assumed the black car was Dean’s from the reaction. “I apologize for sitting on your car without permission.”
“-So then, pow! She just socks him right in the face!” Charlie sighed and leaned back, bumping shoulders with Dean. “God, I would’ve paid money to see that. Benny almost couldn’t tell me the story, he was laughing so hard.”
His head felt like it was splitting open now. Dean dialed Charlie, but she didn’t pick up either. He finally realized that she’d turned off her phone to Skype with Gilda during the second try.
Castiel knew better than see the gesture and ignore it. “What do you want? Why did you use that signal?” To know their emergency sign, this man had to be one of the omegas from the Forest that had made it out, for whatever reason.
It took a full minute for the shockwave to reach them, and Sam watched its approach as it knocked the other lower shuttles over like playthings.
“Shut up.” Dean replied, but his mind was trying to put it together. Charlie had always been too smart for her own good; it stood to reason she really had figured something out.
The address they had been given was in a residential neighborhood, one of the more affluent ones. The houses were much larger than the houses around Daphne’s place in Lawrence. Dean slowed the car down, enough that the house numbers slid by at a readable speed. The closer the numbers got, the slower the car moved, until they pulled over and rolled to a stop. The house itself appeared unremarkable, though the porch light turned on as they watched.
There was a suit, he knew that much, ripped open to the void of space. Slowly, so slowly, it was repairing itself – fibers weaving together out of thin air, the glass of the shattered helmet visor spider-webbing back into place.
“Castiel,” Uriel greeted. “I should have known you’d get involved with this. Always the bleeding heart.”
“Go home, Dean.” Bobby finally said, as the sun began to set. Dean remained at the scene, hovering, watching forensics pore over every inch of the place. The only other thing he’d done was wash the blood off of his hands before his report to Rufus.
Daphne shrugged. “She’s reasonably shaken. Luckily, Castiel stopped the alpha from doing anything more.”
“Oh, uh, time to go,” Sam says. “I guess I'll see you guys in a bit, then.” He throws a quick look towards Dean and walks towards the tree line.
Dean ignored the rest of the crew and made his way back to his bunk. It had been less than 24 hours since they’d emerged from the Gate, spaceship battered and not even in the correct solar system. Without their navigator, and with damaged sensors, it would take a while to figure out where they had ended up. And if any help was nearby.
also, if you are not imagining Cas riding his bike, trench coat flapping behind him like an idiot, you need to be.
Dean eyed Henrickson incredulously. “Just a bit.” he managed to respond. An understatement. His curiosity concerning the mystery of this whole thing had been scratching at the walls for a long time now, though it had dimmed under the anxiousness of hearing Hendrickson’s information on him. Dean gave Henrickson another long assessing look, and when Henrickson just stared back, even and direct, he eventually sat back in the chair, letting his curiosity creep in again.
Castiel shook his head. “No. She doesn’t want to know. We both agreed it would be safer that way, if anything came of it.”
Castiel considered this, eyes narrow. “How are you going to do such a thing if you can’t even enter the omega safe-house where I live?”
The Roadhouse did not appear as impressive in the remaining daylight as it had in the full dark. Last he had been here, the glow of the neon signs had not illuminated the building as the unforgiving sun did now. Castiel still thought it had a certain charm about it, one of character and a long history, despite the flaws now revealed. Daphne did not look like she thought the same. One glimpse of it through the windshield, and her eyebrows rose for a split second in sudden judgement before she remembered herself. She got over it fast enough, recovering even before pulling into the parking lot. Jessica had texted him the time and assured him that minors were allowed until later in the evening, so Shawn and Krissy immediately climbed out of the backseats as well when Daphne parked. The slamming of their car doors was sharp and loud in the relative silence; the only other sounds were of the distant cars behind them, passing on the road as the remaining sunlight scintillated over their windshields and stained the old wooden façade in front of them a ruddy brown.
“Daphne, get him away from the door!” Cas yelled, and Dean looked down at the handle again, his eye snagging on the lock.
A flash of red made them both look up, mid-speech. No alarms had gone off, so it wasn’t an emergency, but there was definitely something going on.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, as Castiel dropped the pillow on the floor a short distance away, making sure the dull light coming in from the hallway didn’t fall directly on him.
He couldn’t see anything at first, since no lights were on in the room, but once the door swung in further, the light from the hallway illuminated a section of the floor and the edge of the bed on the other side of the room. Sudden movement caught his eye – and Dean saw a very large flash of pale skin before a naked Cas managed to pull the sheet on the bed up to his chest.
There hadn’t been such a huge disaster like this since the Cirranus Incident, and so far that had been the only friction felt between the other couple of space-faring species and humanity. Many wanted to keep it that way.
Castiel feels his own expression freeze in place. For a second, he thinks he should still be in bed, asleep, suffering from a horrible nightmare.
“Just dropped some things looking for food. Where’s your shirt? As much as I love you, I don’t want a free viewing.”
Krissy struggled to keep her mouth in a reasonably small smile, and didn't say anything, but Shawn had no such social qualms. “What’s wrong with your hair?”
“I should go back in.” Castiel said, reluctant, looking back up at Dean’s dark form. “Daphne’s looking for me.”
Castiel’s eyes dropped to the beer, and his nose wrinkled in distaste. “No thank you.” Right. Last time he’d had alcohol here, well-
“Yeah, a little bit, so I’m definitely feeling it. Pretty sure Benny is calling an ambulance right now.”
“Eat the damn food,” Dean ordered. Once he saw Babby's name on his phone screen, he stepped into the hall and headed to his room, answering it before he got there.
“Dammit.” Gabriel sighed. “All those people-“ he stopped talking, collected himself. “I heard about it through the grapevine when it happened, of course. I didn’t want to believe it, but then all the communication lines inside just went silent. I didn’t think anyone had made it out.”
Castiel lets the door slam shut and turns to look as the man hunches up besides the radiator, cupping his junk. That does nothing to cover his bare ass, which, in Castiel’s opinion, is nothing short of glorious. Even when blue-tinged.
“Ugh, don’t call him that. He’s not on duty right now. Dean’s a friend; came by to see if I wanted to go to the Roadhouse bar. You know, what young, normal people usually do on Friday nights.”
I smell garlic bread. My life is complete.” Dean was still holding the pot of pasta that he had been taking over to the sink when the door had opened, so he waved and continued on. Cas entered a step behind Charlie, looking a bit uncertain again, like he thought Dean might kick him out.
Benny's gaze hardened into real suspicion before he smiled again, teeth showing. "I don't know. Isn't that something?"
In a richer family, broken bones could be healed within hours, but no one on Hephaestus had that kind of money. Most everyone on the planet was either a poor miner or a poor spaceship worker.
There was always enough light to hunt, and enough darkness to be hunted in turn by the other creatures that never slept. Time stretched on, an endless fight in monster land.
“It’s –“ Castiel started, and Dean paused. “That’s the symbol of Mospleh Ollar. He’s the god of the wild. Of the Forests.”
A puzzled look crossed the man’s face after a few more seconds of prodding, like he’d only just noticed. “Hello?”
“Sammy met her at a hospital, like, four years ago. She’d OD’d two days before, slipped into a coma, but woke up when Sammy arrived, of course. True mate love story shit. I told you she was from this big powerhouse family that had ties in drug rings and omega trafficking, right?” When Castiel nodded, Dean went on. “Ruby tried to recruit him in, make him part of the family, y’know? She got him into drugs, but, uh, once Sammy found out about the omega trafficking, he backed the hell out real fast.”
“Aren’t you a partial shifter, I mean, a T-2?” Castiel asked, finally finding a glass from an upper cabinet and pouring himself some water.
“I don’t know, Dean.” Sam finally said, leaning back and running a hand through his hair, visibly upset. “You’re the officer here. I couldn’t stop her last time, so what the hell can we do this time to stop her from doing something worse?”
“You’re not a morning person, are you?” Dean said, more a statement than a question, and the corners of his mouth twitched up when Castiel shrugged again.
Both Dean and Castiel watched, curious, as Henrickson paced by the counter, frowning at whatever the other person was telling him. Henrickson talked too quietly for Dean to hear, but then an idea formed in Dean’s head. “Hey, Cas,” he murmured, elbowing him in the side to get his attention, “how good's your hearing?”
Unwilling to go in just yet, Castiel walked to the far end of the parking lot away from the street. A black car sat at the far edge of the parking lot, shining dark under the clear night sky. It faced the field behind the Roadhouse, so Castiel deliberated for a moment before sitting gingerly on the front bumper, looking out over the tall grass into the sky.
“Yes, we did see that part.” Balthazar replies sarcastically. Both he and Meg start shrugging out of their jackets and removing their shoes, and after a minute Castiel sighs and takes off his own trench coat and rolls up his sleeves.
Castiel shifted in place, grateful of the book in his lap. “I – yes, I do. Want you.” After a terrifying beat of silence, Castiel continued, “At least, that’s what I assume you meant when-“
There was a moment in all sudden injuries where the intense pain gave way to a long second of internal reorientation of
Krissy grunted noncommittally. A long pause hung between them until she said, “Why are you wearing the scent blocker if you’re an alpha?” A moment’s hesitation gave him away, and Krissy’s eyes widened.
“What about” Dean made a suggestive motion with one hand “greasing the pipes? Y’know, takin’ matters into your own hands.”
Dean didn’t know the answer to that. “Get over here.” Reluctantly, Alfie complied, favoring his right arm. “I want you to keep pressure on these wounds – one here on the front and the other on his back. Can you do that for me?”
Benny was too busy picking out his own suit and stepping into it that he didn’t notice Dean had frozen in place until he was half-way suited up. When he did, Benny stopped as well. Apparently whatever expression Dean had on his face was all Benny needed to figure out the problem. “Dean, why didn’t you say anything before?”
the borrowed mug was empty before broaching the subject of the rest of the day. Castiel had made his intentions clear yesterday - that he was going to continue his life like normal, so hopefully Henrickson had already contacted KU about Dean playing bodyguard.
Early the next day, Sam found himself at the hospital, staring down at his father for the first time in four years. He didn’t even look like the same man anymore. Sam had always remembered John as a tall, imposing alpha, still hard edges and unbending lines, but the man in front of him was not that. He was thinner now, frailer, with lines of greying hair, his face was slack with permanent sleep. Had Dean noticed? Had he worried, like he always did? Sam could see Dean sitting in the chair by John’s still, white form, waiting like a soldier, maybe not believing John would ever wake up, but always hoping. But he wasn’t there now.
Meg looks up at that, meets his gaze. Direct as always. “Oh, you don’t have to worry about back East.” A predatory smile spreads across her face. “I hope they misbehave in my absence; I really do.” Meg has never left the place she’d been turned. She’s kept tabs on the East Coast for him ever since Castiel had moved to the Pacific Northwest, and still acts as an enforcer to kill or deter nonhumans who misbehave.
Lawrence had gone more than half a year since their last fatal shooting, but they'd never had a federal agent murdered in the street before. It’d been a long time since Dean had seen someone die hard and bloody like that.
The darkened bedroom they entered was as beautifully decorated as the rest of the house, a wrought iron four poster bed dominating the middle of the floor.
He shook himself out of it. Castiel didn’t want to lose this new life he had, but if the others caught even a trace of him, it was over. If that meant leaving it now while incapacitated, he would do it, even if he had to crawl out.
Apprehensive, he knocked and waited for Charlie. Castiel hadn't seen Dean since he'd accidentally discovered the scent blockers in Dean's apartment, but Charlie had said Dean would show up tonight for their movie night. From what he knew of Dean in the short time he'd known the man, it seemed likely that Charlie had forced him into it. Charlie and Castiel hadn't stopped meeting since that night; they'd watched the rest of the Star Wars movies without Dean, which was apparently a bigger issue than he had thought it would be, based on Charlie's reaction.
Dean finally looked up at Henrickson. “Why are you telling me all this?” He didn’t need to know any of this information. He was a freakin’ college town policeman, not anyone special.
"Not brain dead, since he's breathing on his own, but very nearly. Do you know this man’s name, then?”
Sam should walk out, right now, but he found he couldn’t move. He could only watch as she stilled for another second, and then she was jerking into a sitting position, eyes snapping open as she gasped for air, like she just woke up from a nightmare.
There’s a minute where he eyes the entrance, silent, but then Castiel picks up his clothes and goes back into his room.
“Just long enough for my brother to get me out of this godforsaken place. Please?” When Dean turns pleading eyes his way with the sharp scent of distress still hanging in the air, Castiel doesn’t have the heart to say no, but he still pretends to think about it for a long moment.
Before Castiel could react, Mortimer brought his cane up and slammed it down in one quick motion, crushing it. Small black pieces skittered across the floor.
you put your mind to.” Dean closed his mouth, teeth clicking together. Right. Castiel looked between the two, and his gaze turned assessing. Dean could practically see the gears turning in his head.
but I told him myself to keep his status from anyone who didn’t already know. There are fewer complications that way. Usually.”
They sat in relative silence as the glow of the sun faded into the muted tones of twilight. Dean finished his beer and scooted off the hood. He stretched and glanced over at Castiel.
Inias inclines his head. “Yes, Sire, right away.” Dean watches Inias leave them with raised eyebrows, and then turns back to scrutinize Castiel again.
Cas still somehow knew he was there and turned half-way around, still on his knees. “Dean, did you remember to ask Charlie about her copy of the flashdrive? I-“
Unsettled, he tried to turn his attention back to rummaging through Charlie’s food, but it was no use. He hated being reminded of it – every time he caught himself in the mirror with red eyes or forgot to reapply the scent-blocker, he’d only see Jimmy in his place staring back at him, or feel like he was suddenly in Jimmy’s own skin, looking though his eyes.
“Daphne said that it was originally meant for Sam, and that a woman named Ruby was behind it.” Castiel watched him, expectant, as Dean nodded in response.
“Hi there,” the man says, moving jerkily to sit up straight in bed. Castiel can see him inhale from here, sharp eyes gauging. “You the vamp Nat said would come to draw some blood?”
"I don't know what I'm trying to say. It's just that, it seems as though impossible things have happened around him." Sam shrugged, looking frustrated.
Castiel cleared his throat, shifting on his feet. “Yes, well, I didn’t expect to either. I hope my first impression wasn’t too terrible.”
Charlie woke up in the middle of the night to a hand clamping over her mouth. She screamed ineffectively and thrashed, trying to separate herself from her attacker.
The blast hit, throwing them sharply to the side again, but this time they still held course, moving upwards at an incredible speed until they cleared the explosion, suddenly above it.
“Fine!” Cas said, still sounding strange. Dean didn’t believe him, not when so little had made him feel like death.
“Sire Castiel?” she asks, looking around. At first she doesn’t spot him, but then the other workers all turn to look in his direction, and she does as well. He's near the back of the lobby, away from the windows even though this room does not get any direct sunlight during the day.
Charlie patted his back. “Don’t worry, these people don’t go easy on anyone the first time. I woke up with another tattoo.”
Alistair was unprepared when Sam roared and crashed into him, sending them both tumbling onto the mattress.
Dean took a big bite out of his and faced forward again, to find the other two just looking at him. “Whu?” Dean tried to say, defensively, but there was too much donut to talk around.
“Nah, just got off. I’m curious about somethin’ is all.” Sam appeared behind Jess as Dean stepped into the foyer, likely to see what was keeping his wife. Dean closed the door behind him. “Heya, Sammy.”
“Just keep it until we’re all safe. Please, we have to get Amelia and Claire out of the Forests - we need to leave, immediately. I don’t know – I don’t know how long it’ll take them to find out-“
“I’m sorry,” she started, “but he was brought in with massive internal bleeding and major brain damage. We stabilized him, but...” she trailed off.
Samuel sighed on the other end of the line. “Yes, your father was never my biggest fan, and after your mother died, he refused to let me see you or your brother.”
“Don’t you worry, Castiel won’t die easy.” Benny assured him. “It’ll take a lot to kill a T-1 like him.”
Scanning the roof, Sam spotted an elevator door and walked over to it. It opened at his touch and he stepped in, touching the panel for the ground floor and watching the doors slide shut without a sound. When the doors opened again, Sam passed other parked vehicles and went through another set of doors that also opened as he approached. Side-eyeing the door, he almost ran headfirst into another person walking past.
When she moved away from the tree, Castiel couldn’t help but grab her arm. “What – what do you mean? Why were you scared? What happens if they don’t change?”
Castiel turned his head towards the sound. He stepped over the uneven ground and drifts of ash, heading towards the base of Sahaqiel’s corpse. At first, the heavy smoke obscured his vision, but then the wind shifted, clearing the area in front of him.
“Yup.” Dean meets his gaze head on, and Castiel takes a moment to appreciate the perfect symmetry and structure of his face, the clear green tone of his eyes. Vampires are known for their appreciation for beautiful things, and Castiel, being as old as he is, is no exception to that. “What?” Dean scoffs, when Castiel takes too long to respond. “I’m not turning down mind altering anything just because I’m a werewolf and you’re a vamp.” Lower, he says, “I need all the help I can get, here. I hate hospital sh- uh, stuff.”
“Charlie,” Dean warned. Subsiding, she watched him nervously as Castiel approached and placed his own dishes in the sink.
Unsettled, Dean gestured to the living room behind him, “Do you wanna sit down so I can take your statement?”
It was difficult to see clearly out the misted windows, but both craned their heads around, peering through the obstructions at the silent houses and browning lawns.
“I need to know what information is on this,” Castiel stated, expectant. Charlie crossed her arms in front of her chest, realizing she was in just a T-shirt and underwear, though the sheets still covered her lower half. He almost gave her a coronary for
Besides the patter of light rain against the windows and the slow ticking of the clock in the entryway, the house was still and quiet. All their boxes had been unpacked and the items sat new in their place. Dust had yet to settle on anything. The only exceptions of neatness in the house were the attic, where they'd put the boxes of things from Daphne's uncle she'd not gone through yet, and Castiel's own room. Daphne had said once it was like living with a teenaged alpha, and meant it as a joke, though Castiel hadn't taken it as one. He exhaled out a long breath as he entered his room, kicking the clothes strewn across the floor into a corner and placing his backpack on his unmade bed as he shrugged off his trenchcoat.
“Come in, come in,” Alistair told him, gesturing to the opened door, “I bet you’re eager to get home to Ruby. I won’t keep you long.” When Alistair led the way, Sam followed. Inside, he could only pause for a second to take in the opulent décor, all dark wood and silver lining.
!” Dean groaned, bending down to pick up two halves. Castiel followed him into the apartment, silent, careful not to step on anything that had been tossed onto the floor.
Now that his mind had cleared of the haze of such a strong rut, the panic of discovery had faded. Yes, Dean had found out that he was an alpha, and from the Forests, but it didn't mean anything to him. Not without knowing the larger picture. And Jess had assured Daphne and him that she'd make sure Dean wouldn't do anything. He’d been ready to jump out the window before Daphne had stopped him – just long enough for the rut to get too bad to do anything of the sort. Which had turned out to be a good thing, in hindsight. Now, he just had to deal with suspicious classmates, and even more people who knew that he was an alpha. Frustrating, and a little bit upsetting, but not the end of the world. No one knew the rest of it.
Dean heaved a sigh. “I guess. Though, it will take some time to get out of the city. You sure the bum arm is up for it?”
“Pam is our navigator and AGF expert,” a dark haired woman with white eyes nodded in their direction, “Joshua is our life support officer,” a man with skin the color of bark came forward and shook their hands, “and Benny here is our main engineer.” A man a little older than Dean came forward as well and shook their hands after Joshua.
Looking to the side, Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. No harm in a bit of questioning, right? “How did you meet Daphne anyways?”
As soon as they had both eaten, Dean couldn't help but fidget his leg and glance at Jess. ”What would-“ he said, but stopped. Jess looked up at him and raised an eyebrow. “I was just thinking,” Dean started again. “What would you do if you met your scent mate?”
A photo had been paper-clipped to the first page, and Dean slipped it out to hold it up. It looked like one of those old-timey photos, sepia-toned figures all dower-faced and still. There were three figures in this one, all wearing Preserver garb – a woman sitting at the front with a young girl in her lap, and a man standing behind them both. It was the man in the back that caught Dean’s attention first.
“Yes, I’m getting my accounting degree there.” For a man who could take down an alpha with his bare hands, Castiel seemed incredibly…
The shockwave hit, throwing everyone to the side, only held in their seats by their harnesses. People started to scream, but Sam could only clutch at his harness for dear life. For a sickening moment, the shuttle rolled like a festival ride before going into freefall.
A flash of anger shot through Dean, and he scowled. “Can someone start explaining?” Dean asked, irritable.
There’s a very tall man with long brown hair making his way over to where they’re sitting. He’s spotted Dean already, but he sizes Castiel up as he approaches. Inias, back at his post by this point, shifts uneasily, but Castiel gestures for him to let it be. It isn’t very polite to step on a Speaker’s dais without invitation, and it's obvious this man doesn't realize or doesn't care as he steps up to join them. Castiel knows he’s spreading gossip by allowing it, but he’s old enough to be allowed such eccentricities. He’s dealt with worse things than being called long in the tooth.
“I wasn’t going to make it onto a shuttle in time, but he grabbed me and got me on.” Sam wasn’t going to mention what he could only think of as teleportation, or the other inexplicable things that had happened on that flight.
Dean nodded and turned to the side to speak into his mic. “Benny, we're gonna take the cruiser to get the omega to a safe-house. You need to secure the alpha. Come around from Mass Street to the alley to avoid us. It’s only about 50 yards past the diner.”
“I’m sorry-“ Sam started when he was close enough, but Dean cut him off to wrap him in a rough hug. “Hey, watch the arm-“
“There is, if you’d let me finish,” Mortimer replied, tone dry, and Castiel turned back to him. “When I mean strange things, I mean something to the effect of, say, an omega starting to turn into an alpha, getting more and more aggressive as the virus multiplied.” Icy fingers shivered up the back of Castiel’s spine as Mortimer leaned forward. “I would very much like to know how much contact you had with the two omegas that your brother stole, and how long it took for you to start turning after you left that hospital you woke up in.”
“I thought you were doin’ the same. It’s supposed to be your day off.” Bobby told him, tone threatening. Dean had done this enough that Bobby was getting a sixth sense about it. Dammit.
After a minute, he put his arms around his knees and stared at the opposite wall, listening to the never-ending hum of the Impala.
Silent, Castiel ran as fast as he dared, but he slowed down as he approached his house, the sound of a scuffle reaching him. He crouched low and made his way forward, stopping at the edge of the tree line, behind a tangled bush.
Taking his throwaway comment seriously, Castiel stared hard at Dean. “I’ve been trying. It’s what you do as an officer, isn’t it? Helping people, putting their safety before your own.”
. He was still as docile as a lamb when I got to the hospital to pick him up, and it didn’t wear off until we were back at Jim’s place. And he answered
father? Sam blinked. John had never mentioned that they still had living relatives. This kept getting stranger and stranger.
She was so short, she almost didn’t even come up to his chest in height; small even for a beta. She had black hair and bronze skin, which contrasted with the white of her teeth when she smiled briefly as he introduced himself.
After a moment, Dean gave up and sat down on the mattress, over the covers. He yawned again and rubbed at his eyes with a hand. “So, what’s your plan? For this-“ Dean gestured vaguely “whole thing?”
Luckily, Charlie turned her attentions to Castiel as Dean downed the rest of – oh god that was straight vodka – determined to even the playing field. “Any embarrassing scuffles you wanna share with the class?”
None of their number willingly compressed their waveforms into the physical plane. It was unpleasant, and dulled their dimensional senses into a simpler version of themselves. After watching her brothers first, she’d made this human form from an intact skeleton she’d discovered in a nearby building. They had no qualms using the human dead this way – they had done the same to her own on this graveyard of a planet, digging up and desecrating the fallen to use for their own gain.
After ending the call, Sam made his way back to John’s room one last time. He didn’t trust this Samuel Campbell, even if he was related by blood, and he sure as hell wasn't going to put off filing a missing persons report because of his say-so. Sam had been hoping to make his interviews next weekend, but he couldn’t just put off looking for Dean and just hope for the best. He knew Dean would do the same for him, even if they hadn’t been on speaking terms in years. Sam would just have to call Jessica, and tell her he would have to stay in Des Moines for the foreseeable future, make it up to her when he got back.
For all of their problems, this isolated reprieve had distanced the anxiety and urgency that had gone along with them. Any news they got from this point on would be bad. Castiel couldn’t see a rosy future ahead, but he didn’t have to face it just yet. He could just spend time with Dean and ignore it all for a while. Castiel wished it could go on forever.
The kid didn’t say anything else, just shifted on his feet, clutching the bag to his skinny chest. Castiel nodded once and turned to walk away.
“Yes. I have it. Chicago.” Castiel replied, and ended the call, finally giving the phone back to Dean.
Henrickson continued tapping his fingers impatiently. He seemed to be the type of person that didn't have to wait long for anything he wanted. “You’re sure he’s still in town?” he asked again, and Dean nodded.
“He just got back from his classes. He’s resting right now.” Dean waited for more, but she didn't offer anything else.
Now, though, that hungry and cold month of winter had long since passed. Spring was slowly turning into summer – the first one Castiel had seen since moving to the city of Caspar to be near his brother, and his expecting omega mate, Amelia. It had been almost two years since they’d last seen the other. Jimmy had been busy studying to become a doctor, and Castiel busy with roaming the outer reaches of the Forests with a peacekeeping pack and observing relations between the smaller and more distant packs of the northern edges of their borders. He’d left that pack, and some of his friends behind, only to be reunited with others – specifically, Anna and Balthazar.
Dean almost didn’t hear Ellen as she made the alert, and blinked back into focus when he was pulled back onto the floor as Pam turned the AGF heavy.
Curious, Castiel followed. There were two other rooms, and Dean closed the door to the farthest room – his room. “That’s my room. Don’t go in there.” There was one other door just to the left, and Dean opened it. “This is your room, for now.”
The ground trembled under their feet as another piece of Sahaqiel broke off and plummeted to the earth a few yards away, sending up a plume of dirt and dust. Dean clutched at his leg, hissing in pain at the sudden movement.
The hell? “What?” Dean finally noticed that she was fiddling with her handcuffs – with a bobby pin. Of course she knew how to lock-pick cuffs. The first lock clicked open after a little more maneuvering, and she got the second off faster with one hand free.
“Thank you for tellin’ everyone. Just what I needed.” Dean told her, trying and failing to ignore Castiel, who was actually
“Ash will get it then,” John replied, and after a minute, Ash padded in from patrolling the outside of the barn to pick up the bag straps between her teeth. When she raised her head, she looked at Raz and gave a tentative wag of her tail before she led the way out.
This was the basest form of restraint the Forests had. Clothing could tear, and shackles could confine unless one was desperate enough to lose some appendages to shift into a wolf, but a metal collar made shifting fatal.
After they hammered out a game plan, Benny went straight home, but Dean hung around for a little while longer, even though he wasn’t supposed to. Although he hadn't been given the task to research the drug-related attacks, since they had more experienced officers who worked in narcotics, Dean couldn’t help himself. He spent some time looking up the alpha perps, but he couldn’t find any commonality at first glance. Somehow this led to googling the effects of Red on betas and omegas, then the Mischel test (and sure enough saw an entry half a year ago for a ‘John Doe’).
Lulled by the seeming normalcy, Dean wasn't prepared for things to get weirder as soon as he was back in the station for work the next morning, when Bobby called him to his office, but such was his life. He didn’t really think much of it until he entered Bobby’s office to find him on the phone, half turned away, listening. When Dean walked in, Bobby turned to face Dean, a peculiar expression on his face. That put Dean on high alert. "Of course. Yes, here he is.” Bobby said, and passed the phone to Dean.
Charlie’s eyebrows rose and she whistled in surprise. “Wow! Doing well for only a few months under your belt. But, seriously man, were you like, living under a rock or something before?”
Castiel had a short internal debate, but then sighed and left his book to follow Dean. He made sure to ease the screen door shut so it didn’t slam, and turned to head in the direction he’d seen Dean go.
“On somethin’, apparently. They need to do tests, but they think it was a low dose of Red. He’s been sedated and restrained for now.”
When Dean finally unlocked the door and stepped in, he sighed and headed to the kitchen, rolling his head to try and stretch the muscles in his neck, still tight with tension. “Close the door, will ya?” The door shut behind him as he opened the fridge, eyes briefly skimming over the food he had. His stomach twisted with hunger at the thought of food since he hadn’t had anything to eat since noon. Castiel probably hadn’t either, and from what he remembered, Castiel was a shit cook. Fuck. Well, he’d make dinner for the both of them, but he didn’t have to be happy about it.
Henrickson was still conscious but fading fast. Blood bubbled out of his mouth as he choked, trying to breathe. Based on the bullet entry on the upper chest, it'd gone through his lung. He’d drown on his own blood before anyone else would arrive, and Dean couldn’t do anything to save him.
Dean could only nod in response, uneasy. He led him out to the cruiser and Henrickson slid into the passenger seat, and then he was driving again.
drugged Castiel, and she’d gotten even less so when she found out how all this had started. He didn’t think she was angry at him, just…not happy.
Once it ended, with yet another cliff-hanger, Dean’s phone buzzed in his pocket. He drew it out and unlocked the screen to read the text.
like an omega? It didn’t make any sense. Dean didn’t know why, but he felt betrayed by the fact, and it might’ve been hypocritical but hell if he cared. It wouldn't ruin Castiel's life if he went without it, like it would Dean's.
Castiel’s eyebrows lowered at that. “Dean, I live in an omega safehouse and use a scent-blocker as well. I understand why you are so upset, but did you really think I would treat you differently after knowing this?”
“Right, right. No sex ed growing up, I got it.” Dean was grinning at him, all sparkling eyes and laugh lines, and Castiel stopped feeling slighted at the sight.
With a sigh, Dean leaned the side of his face against his hand a little to hard, knuckles pressing into his cheekbone, debating. What was the worst that could happen? He wasn't expecting this next search to work, anyways. Dean pulled up the same search as last time, put in Castiel Novak, and got the same result of last time. Nothing. Google provided the same result, so he went back to looking up the Preserves. There wasn't a ton of info about them, but the Preserves had only formed a hundred something years ago, so it wasn't as though they could be
Daphne nodded at Castiel, and he stood up to face the police officer, still at the entrance of the alley way. His arms had dropped slightly, and now he was looking at the alpha still curled up on the ground, cursing and moaning in pain. Castiel stepped forward, wary. He'd experienced a few instances where the police had accidentally sent an alpha to one of these cases, and it had never ended well.
.” Dean could feel the warmth of Castiel’s palm through his jeans, and he quickly jerked his leg to the side, dislodging the hand. Castiel frowned and withdrew his arm.
“You can crash here for the night if you can’t make it home,” Dean offered, but Castiel shook his head. “Alright, do you need a ride?”
They had to pass through the library on their way to the café where Sam normally ate, and Jess suddenly stopped them both after glancing further into the building. Dean followed her gaze, eyes snagging on a familiar mess of dark hair. He was sitting down at an otherwise empty table, facing the other direction with his head down, but Dean could tell it was Cas. God, the man was suddenly appearing everywhere now.
Shawn darted in, and Castiel turned to his side, facing away and towards the wall. He felt Shawn scoot in so they were almost back to back. A sharp familiar pang shot through his chest at the feeling of a little body so close, and he screwed his eyes shut.
Jess nodded as Benny got out of the driver’s seat. “Yeah, seems like. Daphne called and told me what happened already. Follow me.” She led the way into the house.
was that?” Dean hissed at Mortimer. “Don’t we need leverage, or at least enough data to make a fucking
Dean saw her scramble back from the corner of his eyes and cry out again, and he glanced up to see her looking terrified over his shoulder.
He heard a click and cracked one eye, disoriented. He could only smell Charlie’s clean beta scent in the room, meaning Dean had fallen asleep in her apartment. Sure enough, when his eyes focused, he saw Charlie standing to the side of the room, gleefully holding her phone in his direction. Why was she taking a picture? And why was he sleeping on her pull out couch when his bed was-
Dean nodded to the plates beside him. “Just in time. Grab a plate. You guys are serving yourselves.”
Sam could only stare numbly as he did it. This felt like a bad trip, time moving too fast for him to catch up.
Sam was more withdrawn than usual when they saw one another, but Dean couldn’t find it in him to try to talk to him just yet. The shaky video of the blackened shell Hephaestus had become flashed through his mind every time Sam went silent. It was no wonder. Maybe Ash would have some pointers on-
“Funny thing about the virus strain they made, well, besides the name they called it, the Croatoan virus, if you can believe it, was a quirk they found and amplified. Behaviorally, with any strain of rabies, infected alphas and some betas become very aggressive once they’ve reached a certain stage, and the rest of the betas and omegas just…waste away. They worked with my department on trying to find out the processes behind that – I left before they did, and I can’t imagine they figured it out after – but in a very small percentage, very strange things started to happen.”
“Whatevers, Dean. Point being, it doesn’t mean he’s a bad dude. Also, pretty sure he was homeless before all this. Sounds like he’s had as rough a time as us.” She leaned against the door frame and studied him. “Changing the subject. Why did you drop by my humble abode? Looks like you’re going out.”
That stopped him cold. Dean put a hand over his face. “Yeah, I hear you. I’ll make sure to be on my best behavior. See you in a bit.”
Sam looked down to check his comm again. One minute left. When he glanced up, the stranger had turned his gaze to the window.
“If you say something about how I can’t make my own choices right now, I swear to god,” Dean threatened, and Castiel blinked at the vehemence. “Pretty sure we’re on the same page right now. It doesn’t have to mean any more than that.”
Dean nodded. “That bottle was meant for Sammy. It was left at his office at school and he thought it was a congratulatory present for Jess’ pregnancy, but he gave it to me instead. And then I gave it to you, and that’s how you got drugged.”
Dean put a hand over his face and tried to stop himself from dry-heaving. He turned away and focused on the metal grating in front of him.
When Dean made it back to his apartment, suddenly drained of energy once the adrenaline dissipated, he could only collapse on the couch. He’d been hoping Castiel would’ve come here after the shooting, but the apartment stayed silent and empty in his absence. The phone in his pocket buzzed again – it had been buzzing all evening really, but only now did Dean check it, unsurprised to see multiple texts and calls from everyone he’d ever friggin’ met. He texted Sammy back first, just to make sure he knew Dean was alive. Charlie was next. No way was he getting off this couch to go see her. Too much work.
Dean heard the door creak open, and turned his head to see Bobby waving him in. He could feel the stares of the rest of the crew, who'd given up all pretense of subtlety to watch him as he stood up and walked into the office, Bobby closing the door behind him.
“Sam, what the hell are you doing?!?” Dean’s voice broke through the fog, and Sam gaped at his furious face in confusion.
This time, there wasn’t a crowd surrounding the shuttle. Buildings surrounded the empty courtyard, looming over Sam and Jess, watching them with grayed windowpanes. The sky had been stained a dark red, with clouds boiling black on the horizon.
Dean barely made it to the sink before he gagged. He coughed, got a breath in for a second, and then he gagged again, forcefully. Okay, this was happening, he thought, and then he felt the burn of liquid coming up. Shockingly bright red liquid spattered against the bottom of the sink.
“Hey guys?” Pam said from her corner of the room, once Benny and Jo had already gone through the airlock back into the antechamber. “Did you see any damage to our radio receptors as well?
“Dean –“ there was no good way of breaking this news. “I don’t know how to tell you this. Dad passed away when you were gone, so I sold the house to-“
Again, Dean looked towards Cas. “Hey, Cas, can you-?” he motioned to Ruby. Moving forward, Cas nodded, and they managed to fumble around and change places. Ruby almost kicked Dean right in the nuts during the quick switch, but he backed away just in time.
“-so, the fact that you’re an Abyssinian breed, given your name, is, uh, very indicative of a self-fulfilling prophesy. I’m curious – when you were still shifting, what were your more preferred forms? You’ve settled in one of the smartest cat breeds on the planet, not to mention one of the most beautiful-“
“Yeah, that’s us.” Dean replied, turning away from the sink counter where Henrickson’s kit bag still sat.
He nodded and closed the door, absorbing this new information. With a meeting like that, the man that had just passed him was in the omega protection program. Why the hell was he so concerned that Castiel had seen him? He couldn't be a threat if he could live in a safe-house. Every time Dean heard the name, he'd gotten another piece of a puzzle that didn't goddamn fit together.
“Dean, you have to believe me, I didn’t know! I only did this because my mate-“ Sam had to stop at the betrayal, “she dragged me into this. I can’t believe she knew-“
Once Dean filled up one wine glass halfway, he slid it over the counter to Castiel. The dark red color rocking back in forth in the glass looked like blood from a vein, but Castiel willfully ignored it and pulled the glass over. Hesitant, Castiel sniffed the dark liquid, which drew an amused huff from Dean, and when it didn’t burn his nose like the other had, he took a sip. He deliberated for a second just for Dean, who was watching for his reaction, leaning over the counter on his elbows. Castiel took another sip to appease him, bitterness coating his tongue. “I like this one much better.” He didn't, but he was going to drink it anyway.
“Ow, jesus, Raz!” Dean yelped. Raz slid off the chair and stalked out of the room, tail flicking in anger. “I’m sorry, okay?” he called after her. She didn’t reply.
He hasn’t heard any distant knocking from the hallway. Frowning, he looks through the peephole on his door only to see Dean huddled up by the radiator by the door, head bent low. He’s visibly shivering even from this distance.
“Why does everyone know him already?” Groaning, Dean let his head hit the back of the couch, before he jerked his head forward again with a sudden thought. “How the hell did you meet him? You work in the IT services of a college,” Dean asked, incredulous.
“Yup.” Sam motioned him back to the kitchen, papers from work still in hand. Dean didn’t know how he could read while walking without running into anything. “Hey, can you go and tell Jess that you’re here? She’s with a client.”
Charlie really looked at him then. “Okay, cool. I need to get back to Gilda.” She made to close the door, but then paused for one last parting comment, “Oh, and I swear to God, if you two watch Blade Runner without me, I will murder you both.”
“Don’t interrupt your brother.” Uriel told him, and leaned forward in Castiel’s direction. “I’ll swear to the First Wolf if you just answer me this one question. Do you know where it is?”
“You - How-“ Castiel fell silent again before trying once more, “How long have you known – about – “ he couldn’t stop fiddling with the edges of his trenchcoat, and Dean opened both eyes. “I can’t - I’m not- “
“Yes, that would be ideal.” Castiel said. “Make sure to get back quickly. We might have to leave earlier if the omegas are still…”
Sam nodded enthusiastically, and Benny pointed down to the floor. A dark window sat in the middle of the metal grating on the floor.
“If you’ll excuse me-“ Balthazar says, and wanders off to another group still looking their way, intent on mingling.
An awkward silence descended. Charlie finally cleared her throat when she got to the college’s website. “Okay, so all you have to do is go to the toolbar at the top of the home page and then click on Moodle from there.” She clicked it and a login page came up. “Do you know your student login and password?”
When he was sure the other alpha could cause no more problems, Castiel turned his attention to the omega. She had fallen to the ground as well, clutching her throat, and when she saw his attention had turned to her, she scooted backwards until her back hit the alley wall again, looking ready to kick out at him if he approached.
Someone knocked on his door, and Dean groaned. “What?” he yelled in the direction of the door. Had Charlie come up to get the details?
Dean parked the car in a secluded spot in the salvage yard, far from any prying eyes that might come by. Once he got out and took the gun with him, Dean put the gun into the holder under his jacket and stretched his arms above his head, groaning at the feeling. Another slam of a car door and Castiel was at his side, looking around at the rusted shells of old cars.
Castiel hasn’t felt the warmth of the sun on his skin for a long time, but the way he feels when Dean smiles like that at him is close enough.
Progressive alphas during the last turn of the century had made up an experiment that tested an alpha's ability to resist their instincts, and was used to gauge which alphas could work in environments where temptation was nearby, like in hospitals or the police force. An alpha had to get above a certain score, but Dean didn’t know exactly what the test consisted of, no one did except the alphas who took it, and all of them remained tight-lipped about it. Sammy had taken the test, not because it was required of him, but because he had wanted to, and Dean couldn’t even get any info out of him or Benny. But even people who had taken the Mischel test couldn’t step foot in a safe-house.
The speaker above them crackled to life. “Everything alright down there?” Ellen’s voice came over the line, cautious. “Castiel?”
“I couldn’t get it to work! And they knew as soon as I tried!” Castiel said, gesturing sharply, and Charlie almost flinched.
Castiel didn’t know what that pertained, but he’d help however he could. “Of course. I have no doubt that Daphne would also agree to this as well.”
Dean drew out the small photo display from his pocket. It flickered to life when he switched it on again, screen cracked down the middle. He swiped through all the pictures, slowly. They were almost all of Sam, smiling and happy on Hephaestus. Dean had all these pictures on his own comm. He paused on the last picture, a photo of him and Sam grinning widely in front of a hanger that Bobby had taken on a weekend. Dean reflexively looked up at the doorway to his room and back down at the screen. There was no going back to solve this mystery now.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Shawn.” Castiel told him gravely. He rose from off the ground and brushed the dirt off of his pants at the knees. The boy didn’t have a specific scent of his own just yet, but he could just make out the smell of another, an omega, on him. “If you need any help or a free meal, go to the diner on Vermont and 9
“No. ‘M just glad you’re safe.” At Sam’s raised eyebrow, Dean pushed at his good side. “You’re a teenager, Sammy. I’m expecting some shenanigans and light mauling, but - be a little more careful, okay?”
Castiel waves a dismissive hand, and she nods and steps off the low dais to weave her way into the crowd, disappearing from sight.
They’d gotten suspicious looks from passers-by, but Sam and Jessica were well behaved and just old enough to get by without comment, or a sly glance and telling silence. Less than a year remained before they would have to choose their field of study, and both already knew where they were headed.
Of course this would happen, now, with the police officer. Sometimes alphas just instinctively seemed to set each other on edge, rubbed each other the wrong way, and now Benny had a look on his face like he didn’t quite know what to think.
“Dean,” Krissy said, quiet, but Dean shushed her when Gordon’s eyes flickered between them. Dean already knew.
The far-off sound of squealing tires sounded from outside, but it wasn’t accompanied by any siren. Dean looked out the glass door just in time to see the back end of a vehicle turn out of the parking lot across the street, gunning its engine as soon as it did.
She handed him a yellow flyer with his change. “Have a nice day,” she told him, and went back to her book. Dean folded the flyer and pocketed it with his change.
Rolling her eyes, Charlie cracked her knuckles and scooted her computer chair closer to her two-screen set-up. “Just sayin’.”
Crawling over to the next booth, Dean ignored him for the moment, and quickly peered over the bottom of the window, scanning for Henrickson. His eyes caught on the dark suit, prone on the sidewalk, a red stain spreading over the pavement. Dean ducked back down. Fuck.
"Turn that off! Turn it off!" Castiel shouted, and Ellen came out of her chair, alarmed at the sudden vehemence.
They all stood up after coming to an agreement, Daphne supporting the other young omega by her shoulders. She turned to Dean. “A ride please?”
Sam and Jess were already waiting outside when Benny pulled up – he’d texted them during the drive over, and they approached the car with almost identical faces of concern.
Just under his clothing, a little leather bag hung on a string, laying heavy over his chest. He just had to do one more thing before they caught up with him.
“Okay…” he seemed to deliberate for a second. “I also had to talk to Krissy about her living situation. In these kinda cases, we’re required to contact Child Services, and things are not looking good on that front.” He sighed in resignation and frowned into his coffee before he continued. “Krissy is on her own; parents dead and looking after Shawn by herself. No friends or relatives to speak of. We talked it out, and it would be in her best interests if she doesn’t go into the foster system, so I’d like to know if you guys’d be interested in being emergency guardians until she can get emancipated.”
“It’s no problem.” Castiel replied, smiling back over his shoulder. His smile froze in place. Familiar blue eyes met his gaze, and long blond hair had replaced the short brown of before.
It took Castiel a minute more, but he eventually got to his feet again, arms drawn in close against his chest, and he staggered over to Jimmy, hoping he’d still be alive, but one look told him otherwise. He could feel the heat on his skin from the fire now, but he didn’t look back at it again.
The rest of his answers continued to be simple and to the point, and they lapsed into a short silence when Dean ran out of questions to ask. Dean leaned forward and turned off his recorder. “Alright, I think that’s all the questions I need answered. Do you and Daphne have your card with the safe-house license? You don’t have to get them out now, but we might need them later.”
. He was the kind of officer that Dean had avoided like the plague during his younger years – police officers who only looked the other way and smirked if they saw an omega being forced into a back alley. Dean had seen it happen before.
He ran his hands up the backs of Dean’s bare thighs and looked up at the sharp intake of breath. Dean had his bottom lip caught between his teeth, the faintest ring of gold around his pupils.
“We’re clear. Alpha is down for the count and the omega is safe for now. Don’t approach – she’s in heat. Copy?”
Sam turned on his best pleading expression. “I know, but my arm-“ he raised the arm still in the cast, “I broke it yesterday, and my pain pills are - were-“ Sam stopped talking and ducked his head, letting them come to the obvious conclusion.
The door opened, revealing a short man with wavy hair, but he only glanced cursorily at Dean before he passed him. Jess looked pissed. “Listening to all my conversations, Dean?”
The drive to Chicago was about eight and a half hours long, if one went the speed limit, which they were going to observe. Getting pulled over for speeding would be the lamest way to get caught, in Dean’s opinion.
After he rubbed the crust out of his eyes, Dean got up and stretched with a groan.  When he shuffled out of the bedroom, the first thing he did was turn on the water for the house and take a quick bracing shower. There were even clean clothes he’d left behind back in the guest bedroom closet that he gleefully changed into.
When Charlie opened her door for their Netflix night the next day, she burst out laughing, clutching the door frame for support. Dean scowled at her. “Ha ha, I know, it’s hilarious.” He stepped past her to collapse onto the couch, letting the six pack of beer clunk down on the ground beside him. Once Charlie got over herself, she took a few big breaths, but then chuckled again, wiping her eyes.
Sammy just shook his head in resignation as Dean saluted him. He seemed to be incapable of not embarrassing a Law professor in front of students. Jess grabbed the raised arm and put it down, linking her own arms through each of theirs.
Instead of AJ’s car, two police cruisers had already rolled by; no doubt their patrols had been increased to look for whoever had escaped their raid, and Dean knew that they had also started searching the immediate area on foot. Luckily, the heavy rain had slowed them down at first, but it had petered out to a light drizzle since darkness had descended. They’d probably be found soon if they didn’t move.
“Huh.” Dean said. He fiddled with it a bit more before letting it drop back down over his shirt. “So, did that movie get anything right?”
When Henrickson finally leaned back and turned his attention to Dean, he flipped the small folder shut and put it down on the table. “Dean Winchester. Quite the interesting story you have.”
Other things Castiel remained silent on, like how he’d gotten on board, and why he’d had a picture display of Sam and Dean.
“Okay. Awesome. I’m going out. I’ll be back in a while, so don’t wait up.” He had to get this itch out of his system, and the best thing to do in the middle of nowhere was get hammered.
“Well, that’s not creepy at all.” Dean said. “I’m not sending him nudes, if that’s what he’s aiming for.”
Castiel kept his voice low, but Gordon didn’t quiet with him. “-have something they want, Castiel - or should I call you Jimmy? Did you honestly think they’d let you keep it to yourself?” At that, Castiel drew him back and slammed him into the wall again.
After a long pause, Ash nodded. “Alright, dude. Knock yourself out.” He got up and gestured to Castiel’s body, laid down on the med bay table.
It had been weeks since the diner had been reopened, and Castiel’s time here so far had been almost uniformly uneventful. Just as he wanted it. The trouble that he had come to expect had yet to rear its ugly head.
“I don’t know what else to tell you. He passed all the tests, and he has the same rights to privacy as you do.” Jess responded.
Castiel jerked in surprise, pulling his hand out of his pants and opening his eyes. He hadn’t noticed doing either, or heard Daphne coming up the stairs.
Jimmy, worryingly disheveled, gestured him in, pulling back so Castiel had room to step into his own house. He could see the two omegas from where he was standing, curled in all the blankets he owned and side by side in his bed, breath wheezing painfully in their chests. They had gotten a lot worse in the hours he’d been gone, since the last time Castiel had gotten Jimmy to look them over, concerned for their health.
Sammy jumped in. “It’s a confidentiality thing,” he said, “but really, no one wants to talk about it after, Dean. The score we get, um, it’s a score on the ability to resist, right?” Dean nodded in response, so Sam went on. “Thing is, almost everyone gives in eventually. And when I mean almost everyone, if you pass and don’t give in, there’s a list that they get on, and they can pretty much do whatever they damn well please. If you want a comparison, think Martin Luther King Junior. He was one of the first on that list when they spearheaded the movement in the US.”
Henrickson looked over to catch them staring back, and Dean resisted the strong urge to duck out of sight. Scowling, Henrickson turned his back on both of them and headed for the door. “Now he’s telling his superior to hold, since we’re listening in.” Castiel supplied, unhelpfully, as Henrickson stepped out of the diner and onto the sidewalk. He remained in front of their window, but he faced the road, away from them.
Castiel placed his hands on the glass in front of him. “Everyone, if you want to keep your eyesight, close your eyes.”
Movement outside had faded to silence, and Castiel listened harder. At the sound of deep, even breaths, Castiel got up and unlocked the door, creeping out into the room. Dean had curled up in the exact place Castiel had been sitting, covers clutched under his chin, only showing his face, slack in sleep. Dean looked a lot younger, more carefree, than he did while awake.
