“Hello?” he calls out again. No answer. He unclips the iron wire he’s twisted into a bracelet. He feels naked, not having anything bigger on him, but he’s got enough to get him out of a pinch. It doesn’t take him long to sweep the entire locker room, but he doesn’t find anything. He sighs and leans back against the cold wall of the empty locker room. It was probably nothing, but the instincts his dad ingrained into him were hard to beat. Still, better safe than sorry. He re-clips his bracelet and heads out through the main office, lugging all of the equipment needed for practise with him.
She crosses her arms and tilts her head curiously to the side. Dean turns away and reaches out to start dragging the corpse beneath one of the semis. When he’s successfully hidden the corpse, they both head inside the minimart. Dean buys her a bag of Doritos and a Mountain Dew. He gets himself a Snickers bar and one of those off-brand iced tea cans.
“Here?” Dean breathes out.
It’s how Dean works currently. There’s blood pumping in his ears that he hasn’t heard in years, newly awoken in his desire to make up the body count and wipe away the debt. The first body falls and the game begins. 764. He fires his pistol with one hand and swings once with the other. The blade of his machete shines under the moonlight even as his face is obscured by the darkness. And that’s somebody’s head. 765. 766. He turns back, dodging the sound of a bullet being fired out of a gun. His own gun raises, firing in the direction. 767. A fist comes from behind him, but he’s a step ahead. He sidesteps and his machete slices an arm off and then the head. 768. A man comes barging through one of the doors leading into a back alley. Dean’s fired at his head before the door is completely open. 769.
Dean’s heart gets stuck in his throat and he feels it beating there, in his mouth as he slowly gets dressed, his hands cold and numb. He joins his brother who covers him with a gentle look as he puts a duffel bag against his chest.
“No, I’m not saying we give up” Sam answers hastily, even if the idea of a long, peaceful life makes him wish he could, “I meant that we stop dealing with situations we know we can’t handle.”
Today he brings blue flowers to Cas. He sits in front of his grave as usual and begins to pray, making thoughts and words and pictures flow to the angel’s body. His shoulder begins to itch, slowly starts to hum like an engine, but he shuts his eyes tighter and ignores the burning feeling of it, spreading in his whole arm.
“Can’t we find an old girlfriend that could break the spell?” Rowena suddenly asks, her interest making Sam give her a surprised look. “What?” she asks, giving him a dark look. “It’s not because you and your brother are complete idiots, that I want to see you die. Besides, I grew fond of our own personal angel.”
Dean’s throat tightens. “He…” he blinks, and suddenly his eyes get glassy. He bites his tongue and tries to swallow them back. He can’t be vulnerable, not now. “He died.” He takes a shaking breath. “In my world, at least. Now he’s here and I have to get him back.”
Amara opened her mouth and tried to explain but before she could say something, she was already running in the plain, the man after her, threatening her of all the words a wounded heart can spit. She ran for miles, and she only stopped long after he collapsed on the road behind her, curling into a ball of sorrow and terrible suffering, surrounded by dark pines. Amara's heart shattered when she saw his haunted eyes staring at her, but the worst of all was still the expression on the mother's face, the confusion, the betrayal, the anger, the ache all mixed together in an awful color.
“Cas, I'm sorry” he hears from Dean as well as he hears the guilt and grief heavy in his mouth. He knows Dean feels responsible for what happened, for if he never met him, his brother would not have tried to make him pay for getting close to a human.
But he keeps moving, no matter how hard his ribs hurt, or how his vision is getting blurrier each second, or how his heart is tight of worry and fear and sorrow. The battle cries are growing louder in the woods, sounds like shooting stars and war planes ripping through the air and Dean can’t even imagine the raw chaos that it must be in the heart of the fight.
Cas had been there with him for the whole time, and though he was still immensely thankful of his presence, Dean started to feel something bubbling in his belly. It had gotten stronger when he had looked at Cas from afar, the cold neon lights from the hospital shining on Cas’ hair and for a small second Dean swore it had shaped into a ring around his head, making him look unearthly. It had turned into a fire when he had woken up from a short nap with his head against Cas’ shoulder, and Cas had smiled him, and
They both got up but none of them moved. They just stood under the long, soft branches of the willow, watching them move above the water, dipping into its dark depths. The rain made small circles on the surface, a nearly joyful melody echoing around, amplified by the wind going stronger, while some birds cried in the distance, adding their voices to the symphony.
Dean let his fingers run through the jewels of them, and they were warm and soft and
The woman’s eyes narrow of confusion and her icy fingers flutter to Dean’s temples. When her fingertips touch his skin, there’s a small electric shock and a thread of light dives under the flesh, rummaging in his brain to find the impossible.
“I think that was the point.” Charlie says softly and their heads snap to her. “All she wanted was a place on Earth, she wanted to be a part of the Creation.”
He’d considered going to get Sam. He’d driven out to California and sat outside of Sam’s apartment building. He just never found the courage to go in. He’d driven off, opting to take the case in Jericho on his own.
Dean frowns, “that’s… I don’t think those are signs of demon deals… who’d sell their soul for something like that?”
These were not new feelings for Dean. And he
“Laugh it up all you want, boy. If Sam gives you shit for being whoever the hell you wanna be, you bring him to me. I’ll give him what for. And if he doesn’t give you shit, bring him anyways. We need all the help we can get to figure out whatever the hell is going on with Yellow-Eyes.”
“Hey,
The words make Dean’s heart race in his chest. His eyes search the face of the divine creator, searching for something that would break the flicker of hope igniting in his chest. He doesn’t find anything.
“Thought you got eaten, man,” one of the boys, an average looking guy with average dark hair, dark eyes and oddly yellow-y teeth, says with a laugh.
“Sorry for the mess. Shame your brother couldn’t be here with you for this,” the guard says.
Dean opens a window and climbs out of it into the cool morning air. He ducks behind a few of the other rooms, coming around to where he’d parked the impala. The engine gives his position away, but Dean’s pulled out of the parking lot by the time Sam and Mary come around to see it.
Dean doesn’t answer him. He can’t, can he? He opens his mouth, trying to form words to give Sam a coherent explanation, but he can’t find the right ones. Instead he shuts his mouth, opting to rub at his eyes.
alrighty. here we come again. i can't explain why but i'm super nervous about this chapter. lol. tags for this fic have been updated as necessary.
“I broke the TV in our hotel room, I tried ripping the carpet out. Dad just sat there. I don’t think anything has ever made me angrier. I had to be there, the only one who could even
Before Dean can think about it for too long, he’s directed to a door that’s undecorated. Both the bathroom and this guy, who Dean now knows is named Josiah, have large signs indicating what’s behind the door. Inside, Cas’ room is simple. It’s got a bed with blue sheets, a mirror, a dresser, a desk and a corkboard with several newspaper clippings surrounding disappearances around the university area. There it is.
Dean’s hands shake as he stumbles away from the corpse, heading out into the empty streets that surround the warehouse. He straightens himself into a proper walking stance as a car zooms by him on the otherwise empty street. He looks up at the moon, his eyes are green again. He’s so close.
you don’t have a brother and you’re
“She’s filthy rich now,” Dean says, also confused as to how this guy had never heard that expression before.
He folds up the napkin and holds onto it when they leave.
“No, dad gave
Finding the woman is nowhere as easy as flirting with the skinny guy at the office. Dean doesn’t think about it too long, especially since it left him feeling lightheaded when he stepped out of the office. Nancy, though? It takes Dean all of a week to find her. He ends up first with a professor that now believes Dean is Nancy’s stay-at-home boyfriend while she goes to school. This leads him to her best friend who shows him a picture of Nancy with a new sports car. Lawsuit settled. And quickly.
Dean stares up at him with an expression that breaks Castiel’s heart. It’s an apology, a plea, a confession, and the ever present self-loathing that Dean Winchester is famous for. It’s everything Castiel has ever loved.
Dean wakes up extremely groggy, feeling like he’s been hit by multiple trucks and then run over repeatedly by those same trucks. His body aches and his head pounds something fierce. He lies there for a while, breathing in and out of his nose, feeling that if he moves even an inch, his bones are going to shatter. After enough time, he opens his eyes and stares into the void that is the popcorn ceiling. When he gathers enough courage to move, he realizes he’s alone in the motel room.
In about two hours they end up at another house with flashing lights and loud techno music. Zach leads them through the crowds of people to the kitchen where drinks are being served. He hands a few over that go down the baseball team’s chain of command until they’ve all got one in their hands.
Dean doesn’t move nor does he say anything in response. Castiel moves closer and he watches Dean’s eyes shut. A feeling sinks in Castiel’s chest that he chooses to ignore for everyone’s benefit.
Sam smiles. It’s a sad smile, given the circumstances, but a smile Dean takes as a win nonetheless.
dean gets up. his foot nearly kicks the whiskey glass he set down with the speed he gets up at. and he doesn’t waste any time in grabbing the sides of cas’ face and pressing the most heartfelt, loving, tender kiss dean has ever given anyone in his life. there’s a warmth that always seems to be radiating from cas and dean wants to stick to it like a leech.
“Are you okay, Cas?” Sam asks, turning to look between Dean and Castiel.
Dean takes a second to respond.
her.”
The smile on his face lasts until he’s able to fall asleep again.
been a vampire sitting there, simply enjoying a coffee, Dean would not have thought of him a monster.
“Take off your clothes,” he said into the humid air hanging between them, pawing at the leather jacket bunching around Castiel’s shoulders.
“Are you insinuating I’ve made a mistake?”
Dean scoffed.  “Oh, you
Dean makes it home later than usual, hoping against all better reasoning that he’ll catch Cas before he’s holed himself up in his room again— because for all of the weapons in Dean’s own arsenal, Cas has a few avoidance tactics of his own. But when he comes through the door to an empty living room for the fourth night in a row, he realizes he’s already too late. He hangs his keys up by the door with a long sigh, toes out of his boots like usual, but the sustained quiet as he heats up something for dinner is driving him up the wall. It’s been like this all damn week. Dean’s not hungry either. He never is during times like these.
After a few minutes, Cas drops his hands, falling back on his knees.  His eyes lose their angelic glow and the woman sits up gasping for breath.  Her breathing comes out in dry rasps; she probably hasn’t had water in days.  She eventually registers the fact that she’s surrounded by what appears to be three grown men and the corpses of two other individuals and she flails in an attempt to get to her feet, but she hasn’t walked in days so she falls back again.
“That’s right.  My apologies.  Next time, I’ll make sure I drown to spare you the trouble of driving me home again,” Castiel replied wryly.
“Oh, please.  You could never!”
“Ain’t no thing,” Dean murmured, bashfully scratching the hair on the back of his neck as they came to stand under the light of Castiel’s building.  Castiel reached into his pocket then to find his keys and somehow Dean mustered up the courage to ask, “Hey, uh, Cas?  Would you wanna do this again sometime?  Maybe without the two meddlers in the backseat?”
It was the homeless dude, Ronald, that was always bumming around this street, especially near the club.  Sometimes, on days he was feeling particularly generous, Dean would give him some food or some change, but he tried to avoid him more often than not.  Not that he had a problem with homeless people.  Hell, he basically was a homeless person himself, just with the luxury of knowing a guy who knows a guy who owns a building.  Otherwise, he might’ve been laying out on the sidewalk right there with him probably ending up believing all the conspiracy theories Ronald spewed out to anybody willing to slow down enough to listen.  His latest conspiracy was about chemtrails and how they were a ploy by the U.S. government to attempt total mind control over the civilian workforce… or some bullshit like that.
“Nah, man, I'm not like that.  That shit doesn't matter to me, but you're fine.  I mean you're not ugly,” Dean stammered out awkwardly, taking another sip of his coffee to occupy his mouth.  He glanced out the window as other students passed by on the sidewalk.
And god, did it burn.
Dean chuckled at her unwavering enthusiasm.  “I think I’m underdressed,” he joked, words practically being squeezed out of his chest.
He puts on a pot of coffee and waits by the counter as the percolator bubbles and grinds.  Soon the kitchen is filled with the warm, rich aroma of French roasted coffee.  Feeling bold, Cas grabs two mugs from the shelf -- the one with the chip in it for Dean, of course, and one for himself.  Maybe, he hopes, they can drink it together, but something isn’t right.
“This is all I have,” he offered meagerly.
Dean reproached him.  “You know what I mean.”
It was a close match tonight, but they won the Homecoming game against Olathe South by the grace of God, a couple Hail Mary’s, and thanks entirely in part to Dean’s ability for landing a touchdown by the skin of his teeth.  The bleachers erupted in a wave of sound, but he was seemingly disconnected from it, mind swimming in much more troubled waters.  Heaving himself upright in the grass, his uniform was sticking to him like a second skin, but fuck if he wasn’t going to fight his way through the matching cramps in his thighs to celebrate the victory with his teammates.  The sudden force of them all colliding with him almost knocked him off his feet again.
“How on Earth could I possibly know that, Dean?  I’ve never even met her.”
Halfway across the parking lot, Dean’s fist tangled in the back of Castiel’s shirt as he caught up to him.  “Jesus Christ, Cas! I said fucking wait,” he exasperated, catching his breath.
Dean didn’t know why it stung a little, just that it did.  It wasn’t like he asked him on a date or anything and he knew they probably shouldn’t even be seen hanging out together this close to campus.  He just thought that maybe dealing with all of this would be a little easier if Castiel were there.  Call him crazy, maybe.
Cas’ face does something indecipherable to Dean. Like suddenly he forgot how to read, but in the end Cas just shakes his head ‘no’ and Dean accepts it for what it is.
It was sweet relief when he sucked in a lungful of the crisp October air and released it, creating a plume of fog from his chapped lips.  The smell of falling leaves overpowered the smell of beer and sweat and for the first time all night Castiel felt like he could breathe again.  This couldn’t be what ‘living’ was like.  Castiel had gone his whole life without these experiences and he couldn’t say he felt like he’d been missing out on anything.  He’d take another high school swirly or a wedgie any day of the week if it meant he never had to attend another event like this in his college career.  She knew how he felt about frat bros too, and yet here they were attending the Alpha Sigma Phi annual Halloween Bash.
“You make a good point,” she conceded.
“Looking for this?”  Casually, the man brandishes the glinting dagger, setting it on the table beside him.  “You’ve been out for quite some time, you know.  I deigned to think I’d lost you again.”
,” Dean bleated, eyes watering, “I forgot you had a cat.”
Just then, there was a knock at his office door.  Three quick raps of a knuckle and it faded to white.
“I hate football.”
"The sacred–profane dichotomy is an idea posited by French sociologist Émile Durkheim, who considered it to be the central characteristic of religion: "religion is a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things, that is to say, things set apart and forbidden."[1] In Durkheim's theory, the sacred represented the interests of the group, especially unity, which were embodied in sacred group symbols, or totems. The profane, on the other hand, involved mundane individual concerns. Durkheim explicitly stated that the sacred–profane dichotomy was not equivalent to good/evil. The sacred could be good or evil, and the profane could be either as well."
“What’s for me?”  John asked, coming in from the garage.  His hands were covered in motor oil and he wiped them on a rag.  Dean offered out the beer for him and he shoved the dirty rag in his back pocket before taking it.  “Like you read my mind.”
Sam leaned in then and chuckled.  “You’re in luck, Cas.  That’s pretty much the only decent thing to eat here.”
Castiel rolled his eyes as he shrugged into the leather jacket.  “You act as if that isn’t the standard.”  Reaching for a thin scarf on the hook, he draped it around his neck.  ‘An accent scarf’ Balthazar had called it at the store.  Castiel didn’t see the point in it.  “Anyway, who are you supposed to be, Steve Jobs or Mother Theresa?”
“I’ve had sex, Dean!”
Castiel turned his gaze to some foggy middle point in the center of Dean’s chest, murky resolve soaking his features.  “Nothing, I suppose.  You don’t owe me an explanation; I know I haven’t earned the right given my recent behavior.  I’m simply concerned for your safety.”  His eyes flashed to Dean’s again to collect whatever unreadable expression Dean knew he was doling out.
Not even a week later, Castiel had come back from a very tiresome double lecture after lunch, fretting over all the work he still had left to do before his evening class, only to be puzzled when he came to a stop outside of his dorm room and found one of Dean’s dirty gym socks hanging off the door handle again.  Castiel deliberated with himself on whether or not he should knock or intrude or turn around.  Embarrassed, he trudged off to the library when he got the hint by the muffled sounds of moaning on the other side of the door.
They hadn’t said much to each other since Charlie spotted the mottled bruising on Dean’s cheek and jaw earlier in Anthropology.  Dean brushed it off as having hit it while opening a door, but Charlie was a smart girl, and Dean wasn’t dumb enough to believe she bought it.  Maybe she thought Dean just got into a regular fist fight like a regular guy.  Lord knew he never planned on telling her otherwise.
The sound of a drink being set at the bar next to him snapped his attention back.  It was in a martini glass.  It was an unearthly color green.  “What is this?”  he asked, eyebrows furrowed.
Being with Charlie was easy and it was already working to relieve some of the weight from his shoulders.  They worked in relative silence, save for the music on low volume spilling out of Dean’s laptop speakers.  Taylor Swift because it was something they both agreed upon, even if Dean didn't want to admit it.  The only other sounds being the crinkle of notebook pages and the clacking of their keyboard keys.
The blood drained from Castiel’s face.  “You--?”
Why did he keep doing this to himself?  Why did he keep letting his father of all people get to him?  What did his opinion even matter?  Except that for all of Dean’s brilliant ideas he had about a hundred stupid ones, and sending Sam money to their house was just about all of them rolled into one.  How was it possible for one person to be so goddamn stupid all the time?
After careful deliberation, he asked, “Of what nature?”
“Right now, I’d say it’s your best shot.   So, c’mon, Sammy.  Humor me.”
The poor, clueless son of a bitch.
“Have you found anything yet?” Sam asks as Rowena flips through the Book of the Dead.  His own volume of demonic hierarchies is leaving something to be desired.  Apparently, an incubus is one bad motherfucker, pun intended, whose sole purpose is to create a legion of cambion like that one kid Jesse Turner, but as far as they knew incubi couldn’t have been involved in that. Then there’s the obvious physiological hurdles.
“Yes,” he answered and then he was all but shoved through the door to room number 5.
Sure, Dean thinks to himself, not buying it for a single second.  Scruffing a hand through his pillow matted hair, Dean huffs and turns to face Cas.  He looks way too well-rested, per usual for a guy that doesn’t even require sleep, and he’s looking at Dean wary, like a science experiment he’s waiting to explode.   Not to mention, his eyes look exceptionally blue today, which is all around no fucking fair.
“Sammy,” John called, tinny and muffled as he held the phone away from his face.  “Sammy, c’mere for a second!”
“Wait.”  He narrowed his eyes into slits.  “Dean Winchester, I presume?”
“Maybe it’s feeding off him,” Jack suggests from the doorway with furrowed brow, staring down at a handful of Krunch Cookie Crunch straight out of the box in consternation.  He eats it anyway.
It was probably the most expensive thing he'd ever been allowed to touch if he was placing bets.  The heady scent of Castiel’s cologne still clung to the creases and some small, embarrassing part of him wanted to lift it to his nose and inhale, but he willfully resisted.
Dean waits out the tinkling in the porcelain and the angry sounds of tooth brushing before Cas comes barging right back out.  “Just be honest with me, Dean.  Do you really have a problem with Balthazar or is your problem with me?”
“This is difficult to explain, but I... entered your mind to revive you.  You weren’t asleep, rather you were placed under a type of spell or curse.  You were in a deeper state of unconsciousness, where the regular means to wake you failed.  I came to retrieve you from your mind, but I need to know what you saw while you were unconscious.  It’s very important.  Whatever did this to you, has our friend now too and we need to find him as quickly as possible.  Do you remember anything else?”
Dean felt the unexpected, gentle warmth of a strong hand curling around his wrist just as he began to walk away.  “Dean, wait…”  And Dean did, but only because Castiel wouldn’t let go.
Dawdling, Sam picked at his pancakes more than ate them.  “I didn’t want to go back,” he said, “I still don’t.  Whether you had let me stay with you or not, I just needed to get out of there and I wanted to feel like I was the one making the choice.  So I packed,” he finished with a lame shrug.   “I don’t know why we’re talking about me when you won’t even tell me about you.  You used to tell me about stuff all the time back home.”
“Cuz.”  His predatory gaze roamed lower, settling on Castiel’s groin.   “Got one too.”
“Technically, I was here first so you’re the one that’s out here sitting with me,” he countered, brow raised.
“He go out again last night?”  Dean asked, voice instantly filling with concern despite trying to dampen it.
“No,” Castiel said, but it was muffled into the meat of his palms.
Castiel laughed at the notion outright.  “And why the fuck would I do a stupid thing like that?”
When Castiel pulled away, Dean had that same look on his face.  Like Castiel apparated out of thin air to grant his every wish.  But before he could say anything meaningful back there was the distant jangling of keys and the front door of the apartment was clicking shut.
Dean chuckled.  “You look about as miserable and out of place as I feel, so I figured someone musta dragged you into this hell like they did me.”
“Right.  Sorry,” Dean acknowledged with a slight blush.
Dean frowned.  The sounds of Castiel rummaging around in the bathroom echoed from down the hall.  “What do you mean, weird?  Cas is alright.  He’s just a little, uh, quirky.  He offered to help us out, didn't he?”
name?”
hey guys, sorry for such a long wait! i'd signed up for the spn dark fic bang and volunteered as an author for the ficfacer$ auction a couple months ago so it's been a little bit of chaos in my brain lately.  I know this chapter is short, but I'll try not to make the wait time for the next chapter as long as this one was!  Also if anyone likes dark fics, my dark fic will be posting on Sept. 10th! and all of my ficfacer$ prompts will be up by the end of the month so in the mean time I hope you guys read those. :) xo
“Uh, Cas,” he said with a tight gulp, “I think you forgot to cook this one, man.”
“Really?”
But he could fix Dean some more coffee, so that's exactly what he does.
Even after everything else, Dean was angry.  A sour feeling eating at the back of his throat and bubbling up in his gut, namely because Castiel was supposed to be different than everybody else.  Castiel wasn’t supposed to be the one to make Dean feel like the shit on someone else’s shoes.  Castiel was the only person in weeks that had looked at Dean like he was a whole person and not just another human tragedy.  Castiel was the only one in a long time that made Dean feel like the sun shined out of his ass and like he might actually be worth more than the shit he has to do to get by.
Once Castiel decided they were both good enough, he was reaching around Dean to turn the shower off and stepping out to grab the only towel left in the bathroom.  He offered it out to Dean first, and then used the damp towel to dry himself second.
When their meal is almost through, not having endured any questioning, Dean thinks he’s home free, until Sam sets his spoon down in his bowl as well and gives Dean that hesitant look he gets when he’s contemplating how best to phrase something.  Dean narrows his eyes at him over the top of his beer and slowly lowers it to the tabletop.  “Don’t, Sam,” he warns.  Sam’s eyebrows inch up his forehead in surprise, but Dean doesn’t know why he’s surprised.  Dean knows damn well what goes through his head on any given day.  Today’s no exception.
No answer.
“Yes, what?”
Castiel eyed the edible in his hand for a moment, contemplating the ramifications, before deciding Balthazar was right and he owed himself a little fun.  It was his birthday, after all.  He wasn't getting any younger and it was still summer break anyway so he wouldn't be risking turning up late to his classes.  Swallowing it down, he figured what was the worst that could happen before Balthazar was excitedly rushing them out the front door of Castiel’s apartment by his coat sleeve.
Bobby rolled his eyes.  “Well, look inside, yah idjit.  Not gonna open itself.”
Gripping the base and his balls to hold him steady, Castiel’s mouth fell open on a silent gasp when Dean finally took the head of his cock into the wet heat of his mouth and started to suck.  He started out slow, adjusting his jaw to the girth, until he grew used to the ache, and then he started to bob his head in earnest.  Right hand working the base of his shaft in tandem with his tongue.
“Dean, honey, could you get that?” his mother Mary called from the kitchen.  Distantly his father echoed the sentiment from the garage in a far harsher tone.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Man, they really aren’t pulling any stops to get those Yelp reviews, huh?” Dean lets out a low, impressed whistle at the embellishments as he approaches the bed and picks up a gold embossed note settled into the bedding. It’s from the concierge. He has to squint to read it.
“Balthazar, we’ve been over this more than once.”  Placing his briefcase down, he shrugged the trench coat over his shoulders as he considered the invitation.
“Fuck you,” he gasped, offering it out to Dean. “It’s fucking awful. I dunno how she drinks that stuff all the time.”
"Yeah, cuz you suck at it."
Dean watched him swallow in silence.  For once, the silence was comforting.  It nestled in between them on the couch as they ate and exchanged thoughtful glances for conversation in the dim lamplight.  This Castiel seemed at peace, but given the state of his surroundings, his more recent behavior in and out of the classroom, along with the recalcitrant way he answered the phone tonight, Dean knew this peace wasn’t the entire truth.  He just didn’t know how to go about opening the man up.
“Wow.  Color me impressed.  You deserve an Oscar,” he intoned.  Rubbing a palm over his face, Dean forced a laugh in feigned amusement as he shook his head.  “Hell, you don’t even know what you’re apologizing for, do you?”
Castiel rolled his eyes.  “Is that another euphemism?”
“Oh.”  Dean considered this.  “I’m sorry, we
Dean faltered.  He knew that voice all too well by now, but he’d never heard it shape that word and the sound of it, the deep, gravelled pitch of it, felt like an electrical surge tumbling down his spine.  Surely, he would have remembered that feeling before.
Feeling his embarrassment radiate out to his ears, Dean straightens. “Oh.” He clears his throat then. “Sorry.”
“You know me, I would never!”
A few turns go by before Cas whips out one of those godforsaken blank tiles. “It’s a ‘Z’,” he decides, placing it off the other ‘Z’. ‘JI_Z’. JIZZ. Of course, the ‘J’ is on a triple letter.
It would take approximately twenty minutes to get home, given there weren’t any unforeseen problems on the line.  There usually was, but Castiel prayed to some higher power to get him home in less.
“Um, where do you—” Clearing his throat, he asks, “Where do you want it?”
Dean barks a single laugh.  “Whatever you say, kid.”
The universe was many things.  Sometimes, it was poetic.
Castiel slowly closed the folder, raising an eyebrow at him across the desk.  “You don’t have it,” he parroted.  “And why is that?”
“Anna,” Castiel started into the phone before Dean could even get a word in.  His voice still rough and laced with sleep and pent up aggravation, “It’s the middle of the night.  If I’d wanted to talk to dad by now, I would have called you back already.  Deathbed apologies are too little, too late.  So, please!  Stop calling me!”
Just like Castiel’s office, the apartment was cramped and cluttered.  Books and art lined the shelves and spilled out into the corners of the room.  There had been a last-minute attempt to straighten up the tabletops, but all that did was draw the eye to the knicks and scratches in the second-hand furniture.
So when the safety of the night is all too soon replaced by the first glow of the morning sun, Dean doesn’t even have to adjust his eyes really.  He feigns a stretch and a yawn for nobody’s benefit, but his own, and then he heaves himself up to slump over the edge of the bed, rubbing away nothing in particular from the corners of his bloodshot eyes.
“So, do you like Art History?”  Aaron asked awkwardly on a laugh after a while.  Clearly not the type to ask virtual strangers back to his dorm on a whim, but by now, Dean was used to working for unconfident men and virtual strangers alike, so he didn’t even blink at this point.
“Both of you go wait in the office!  Mr. Winchester goes first.  We’ll deal with you later, Chuckles,” he warned lowly to Castiel before stalking off down the hall.
They miraculously managed to make it through dinner without mentioning fucking football.  Almost.  The second John’s fork clattered against his empty plate, he was leaning back in his chair, spinning his beer bottle between his fingers, and eyeing Dean before he fixed his attention on Bobby.
Castiel wouldn’t look at him. “I guess... I just never thought about it much. Never really thought I’d get here,” he said with a vague hand gesture.
“Zygote,” states Dean. He looks around the table at the others waiting for someone to veto this obscene lack of respect for the rules of Dirty Words, but he's met with none. “Zygote!” Dean repeats it louder for emphasis. “No way, doesn't count!” He might be less annoyed if it weren't on a double word square, but it IS, and Dean can't lose to some kid that doesn't even know all the dirty words.
“Win-ches-ter! Win-ches-ter!”
Hoped for, even.
“God, boys are gross,” she muttered, bringing a demure spoonful to her lips.
On Castiel’s commute home, he found himself haplessly stewing on their interaction as well, mindlessly watching the lights of the city blur past the bus window.
“There’s a car in the driveway,” Sam notes with a brief, shielded peek against the sun.  “Try the doorbell,” he says, which Jack also does enthusiastically, citing the fact he enjoys hearing the different tunes they play.  Yet still, there’s no answer.
“I don’t know who you are, but I know you’re not Dean.”
They got a lot easier after the first one.
“So do it already.”  Castiel reached between them to undo his fly.
“Whatever we want! We’ll be starting high school in a few weeks. Seems as good a reason as any.” Castiel took a healthy swig, but when he swallowed his face promptly folded in on itself.
“Whatever you want,” Castiel replied between grunts.
“Well, I’m with you now,” she offered without apology at which Castiel had to scoff.  “What are you doing tonight?”
With a long huff of breath, Sam pops back into the library and slumps into a seat opposite of Jack, Cas watching him with concern creeping into his face.
“Yeah, you should!  Shit ain’t gonna write itself,” Dean said with a laugh.
Castiel shrugged.  “No, not really.  It’s about careless people doing careless things for the sake of progress.  It would be funny, if it weren’t relatable.  Discovering this book helped me immensely when I was your age.  I’m finding it even more so now.”
Hurriedly, he made his way out to the sidewalk, peering both ways as he ran across the crosswalk.  The cold rainwater was seeping into the denim of his jeans and leaving dark smudges on his blue shirt where it soaked in.  He practically ran the few blocks to the train stop just for the fact he knew there was an overhang that would provide him with relief from above until the train came.  That didn’t really account for the wind carrying the rain sideways though.
He cleared his throat before he spoke.  “You hungry?”
Castiel ignored him once more, flipping his pages on the dirty concrete floor.  The exorcism rite.  Finally.  “
“No,” Cas answers truthfully. “I didn’t even think you’d survive the plane ride over. Frankly, I’m surprised I managed to land with all my fingers still in tact.”
“Yes, Dean. That’s very good.”
Setting his sights on the Impala, he shook his head and chuckled at the thought.  “I think I’ll go for a drive.”
“I'm uncomfortable.”  Castiel shifted in his hard, unforgiving seat.
His eyebrows went all screwy again and he regarded Dean where he stood.  “I think it’s just you.”
Dean opened his eyes at the same time Castiel did.  Castiel grinned at him and his eyes crinkled at the corners.  “Very much so.”  He placed a gentle peck to Dean’s chin.  “Thank you.”  Laying himself down, he allowed Dean to curl around him again to bask in the afterglow and brought his palm up to cup the side of Dean’s face.  “You’re perfect,” he said without even thinking and he waited for the inevitable objection because Dean seemed painfully unaware of just how good he was.
Castiel frowned and met his eyes for a moment, clearly confused.  “What makes you think I was awake in English?”
“Because,” she started, her voice laced with something Castiel couldn’t place, “It’s complicated.”
Inside, the house was crawling with people.  Rooms seemingly overflowing with bodies.  How Gallagher knew this many people was beyond him; Andy Gallagher wasn’t exactly considered one of the ‘cool’ kids, just cool by association because of his side career as the guy with the good weed.  He wasn’t even sure this many people even went to Lawrence High.  Navigating his way through the crowd, a few coherent kids started chanting in unison, “Win-ches-ter!  Win-ches-ter!”  Apparently, knowing people wasn’t going to be a problem here.  He gave his best pageant smile and a few acknowledging nods as he weaved his way past to find his girlfriend.
“You will,” he counters, without any force— only knowing.
That was when he stumbled upon the bathroom. He slipped inside unnoticed and locked the door behind him.
The sudden presence startled him and he let out a breathy laugh.  By the feel of him, Cas was already raring to go, which seemed to be the usual these days, what with the newly human rush of late onset puberty or whatever.
“Unfortunately, I don’t have much in the way of groceries,” Castiel lamented.  “But there is a diner about a few blocks away.  I could offer you money for breakfast if you need it?”  His voice trailed off at the end, and he looked to Dean then, unsure if the offer was presumptuous.
“Doesn’t matter.  Just drop it, Sam.”
Dean could feel the weight of whatever load Castiel was carrying with him so early in the morning, but he wasn’t going to ask again.  He didn’t want to push him away.  They drank their coffee in comfortable silence, despite the elephant it seemed only Dean was aware of seated at the table with him.  He noticed the stack of papers then and curiosity got the better of him again.
Skeptically, Ronald narrowed his eyes at the bag and then at Dean, but after what must have been careful consideration, he sniffed himself and nodded.
A wave of sound drowned him out of his fleeting thoughts as he opened the entrance to the club.  He should have expected it given the first and only time he’d been here, but he wasn’t thinking of the first time, he was only thinking of the here and now and it left him with the low thumping of adrenaline coursing underneath his skin.  He came here with a purpose, subconscious or not.  He came here for a reason.  He just wasn't sure what it was.
No wonder she was always horny, Castiel idly thought to himself as the nearly shirtless man stood out in the rain outside his love interest’s house, professing his undying love for someone he barely even knew.
“Your father used to abuse you too?” Castiel asked, hardly above a whisper because that was the kind of indecent thing normal people couldn’t say.  And Dean gave a tight nod. He’d never told anybody this either outside the Singer’s.
Castiel gulped as his eyes became level with the golden outline of Dean’s burgeoning erection half-straining against the metallic spandex of his shorts.  His eyes traced the hem of the material inching up between his thighs, the glossy sheen of the body oil coated thick over Dean’s abdomen, the faint shimmer of the body glitter as Dean’s muscles undulated with each measured breath.  The way his nipples peeked through the eyelets of his mesh top.  That familiar, sweet summer smell of strawberries.
The laundry room was busier than he was expecting before he remembered it was the Saturday before Thanksgiving break.  Somehow, he found a spare machine and dumped the clothes in quickly to avoid the stench.  Glancing down at himself it was then he realized he was still in Dean’s t-shirt, so he stripped that off and tossed it in with the rest.  After inserting a few quarters, he slumped down against the wall and waited with his head in his hands.  He was still hungry.  Starving, in fact.  But the thought of eating anything made him nauseated.  Without having a clear memory of the night, he still felt as though he’d done something wrong and with the way Lisa had been glaring at him for most it, he concluded maybe it was just his presence.  He couldn’t blame her for that either.  He’d been rude to her before, afterall.
Castiel couldn’t forget Dean even if he wanted to.  That much was painfully obvious.
“Dean only hates board games because he’s a sore loser,” replies Sam to Jack. Dean didn't hear the question, but the answer was only half true. It also makes him feel dumb, which isn't something of which he needs to be reminded.
“I know I don’t have a good excuse, but I swear I will have it done for you by Tuesday.”
“Dude, you’re not even working right now! Go somewhere else,” Dean gripes. “I promise the computers on the other floors are just as ‘lucky’. Besides, I’m a joy to be around. Just ask my mom.”
Dean shook his head and laughed. “What’s the damage, man?”
“That’s what I thought.”
“Because,” he enunciated, “I just met with Naomi about an upcoming research opportunity in the Spring and, despite my better judgment, she seems to be under the delusion the two of us would make excellent research partners.”
Dean’s face contorted with confusion.  “Why?”
Moaning around him, with one last, long suck, Castiel popped off with as little as no words before tugging Dean down onto the bed to join him.
, the darkness whispered in his ear.
The stupid cartoon bees on his mug were smiling at him as he drank even sips.  He regarded them for a moment, thumbing at the smooth glaze, before going back to the kitchen, tossing it in the sink, and chipping the edge with a clatter as he sagged against the counter.
Castiel shrugged, mouth turning up in the corner.  “I call it like I see it.”  And he did, but that was only because his verbal filter was awful.  He ran a hand through his hair and silently cursed himself for the habit, only imagining what his hair must look like now after all the time he’d spent fixing it in the mirror before he left.
Cas’ eyes dart everywhere besides Sam.  He knows Sam’s right.  If he’d only shared this information sooner, or if he’d spent any time at all reflecting on it instead of what it meant, then they could’ve come to this conclusion before it was too late.  But as it is, Dean’s in trouble and if all turned out ok in the end, there was time for apologies later.
Collecting himself, Chuck turned back to flip his burger with the look of a man grasping at straws.  There wasn’t really that much to do and they both knew it.  Most of the college kids were out getting wasted not getting burgers and the rest of their usual clientele was sat at the bar bantering with Ellen about the Cowboys versus the Steelers on the big screen.
And then he was gone before Castiel could even blink.
It was Aaron Whatever His Last Name Was.  Standing there in the doorway with his knuckle still hesitating on the door frame.
“Yeah, yeah,” he said, brushing off the sentiment.  He didn’t need looking after, he’d been looking out for himself and Sam his entire life.  He was still annoyed, but he appreciated Benny’s concern even if he didn’t appreciate the rest.
Castiel clumsily shook his head, but it made the vertigo worse.  “You hardly spoke to me on the walk home.  I think you are.”  After barely a moment of silence, he sputtered, “Why don’t you like me?”
He could feel Dean dying just as viscerally as he felt his old human soul burning away.  That part of him he’d burned into him the day he rescued him from the clutches of Hell.  He'd always expected this day to come despite all his efforts in his time on earth to mitigate and prolong this one insignificant form of life.  Afterall, Dean was human.  But that was before… this.  A lifetime spent utterly and truly alone.
It was something, but it wasn’t the right something.  Definitely not the route Castiel wanted to take any further conversation.  But Castiel remembered enough.  He’d woken up the next morning spread eagle on his living room floor.  Face flush against the wood grain, the starched sensation of dried, flaking semen coating both sides of his jeans.  If 2 plus 2 still equalled 4, he could figure out the math.  He hadn’t even been surprised that Balthazar left him on the floor instead of the couch.  It wasn’t hard to guess what happened.  And even in the afterglow, smelling like someone else’s cum and waking up still intoxicated, Castiel had felt better that morning than he had in a long time.  An otherworldly orgasm achieved by some anonymous, divine creature he would have probably never seen again if it weren’t for Fate tampering with the universe.  But here Dean was, sat beside him on a museum bench, ever in his orbit these last few weeks, and very much of this world.  Every instinct in him wanted to get this part over with.  A full admission of guilt.  A spiritual cleansing.  He could leave this room rejuvenated once and for all.  They both could.  But life couldn’t be that simple and Castiel’s mouth was working faster than his brain.
“I understand,” Cas says after a beat, the feelings of guilt weighing on him now more than before.  He knows it isn't an accusation, but it may as well be.  “Truthfully, I'm worried about him as well,” Cas admits.  “He hasn't been sleeping for longer than ten minute increments these last few nights and I can't tell if it's by choice or a side affect of something greater.  Not to mention the fact he won't leave his room for much.”  They deliberate that thought in silence until Cas looks up to Sam again.  “What should I tell him?  He’ll want to know why the car is missing, I'm sure.”
Balthazar laughed despite himself.  “Alright, well, I’m leaving campus now.”  There was a pause on the line as Balthazar murmured something over the line that sounded suspiciously like Castiel’s address.  “I’ve just gotten a cab and I’m coming over,” he said, coming back into the phone conversation, “I’ll be there in a few minutes, whether you like it or not.”
Regardless, Dean is sitting against his headboard, hand lazily palming over his dick, as he scrolls through the proffered suggestions on his eclectic porn account.  His eyes are a bit blurry, but who would he be if he didn't rub one out before bed?  Just because he lost the game doesn't mean the effects of Dirty Words were lost on him.  Especially when Cas made it his sole mission to only play dick words and to wet his lips every other second.  He's just about to select a video of some poorly-scripted, sloppy blow job, when there's a slight rapping at his bedroom door.  Dean scrambles to remove his hand from the front of his tented sweats and hurriedly closes the laptop.  “Yeah?” he asks, but it comes out cracked.
“That I own good jeans?”
“What’s the plan?” Cas asks Dean from the backseat of the Impala.
“What, you’re not gonna go over there and kick his ass?  Shit, I probably would if she were my girl.”
“I don’t want to be with Lisa.  I never did!  I want to be with you.  I want us to be together!”
“Hello, Dean,” he shyly rasped in a way that shook Dean to the very core.
“Yes, awful food.”  He laughed.  “Why are we here again?”
“It’s real, Dean,” he assured.  “I’m real.”
“We’re at Gallagher’s house, where the bloody hell else would we be!?”
“Of course, Dean.  You’re very impressive,” Castiel flatly placated, taking the coffee, but he was actually lowkey impressed and his coffee tasted better for it.
“I couldn’t do it,” Dean rasped, sucking in a harsh breath.  “I couldn’t do it anymore, Cas.  Not without you with me.  You left and I never got to tell you.  I never got to tell you I—”  His fingers tangled tighter in the familiar trench coat, not wanting to let go yet, never wanting to let him go, before Cas pulled back to look him in the eye.  But even still, even now, the words were lodged in his throat.  He swallowed harshly around the lump when Cas laid a soft, shaking palm to his cheek, meeting his sparkling wet eyes.
Taking a few minutes longer, Jack peruses the aisles with the hopes he will find something green for Sam.  Maybe it doesn’t have to be green, but Dean says it enough that Jack has come to understand that anything green has to be healthy.  He has no such luck, though.  Most of the food here is toxically vibrant hues of red and orange, maybe the hint of blue in the slushie machine.  Jack grabs a bag of Funyuns simply because it sounds like the word ‘onion’ and he can see through the glass that Sam is replacing the gas nozzle into the pump.
And it came like clockwork.  Deans cheeks flushed pink and he rolled his eyes.  “Yeah, okay.  If you say so.”
Charlie looks at her wristwatch, face calculating.  “I’ve got three hours and fifteen minutes left on the clock, so unless you plan on reciting the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy, I think I’ve got some time to listen.”
“Uh jeez, Mom, I dunno.  There’s just so many it’s hard to tell ‘em apart.  It’s like a revolving door, y’know?  One right after another,” he joked with a laugh at her unamused face.  ”I’m going with Lisa, Mom.  Relax.  You’ve met Lisa.  We worked together over the summer? Been going out a few weeks now?”
“Yeah, I guess, but like I dunno, maybe an actual date or something?  Get to know each other better.”
A corner of Cas’ mouth lifts, almost amused were it not for the concern bleeding into his eyes.  “Yes, I know very well.”  After a few beats, Cas closes the book with a dusty clap and leans back into his chair, bringing a hand up to rest his chin on.  His eyes meet Sam's again across the table and they exchange the same look.  “Just give him some time, he’ll come around.  He just needs rest.”
“I came out here to be alone, actually.”
A laugh bubbles up out of Dean’s chest that sounds suspiciously like another sob. He looks Cas in the eye and smiles with what feels like his whole face.
It was a silly idea to be sure, but at the time Cas thought it was brilliant.
“I don’t know yet, it’s too early to tell.  I’d wanted to tell you a couple weeks ago when I missed my period, but I wasn’t sure how, and then with the new project at work you haven’t been around much, and well, I wanted to make sure it would stick this time--”
“What face?”
Dean’s room is dark.  He likes it that way.  It’s just on that edge of cool, which he prefers because being too cool is always better than being too warm.  His mattress is perfectly shaped to him.  The only sound he hears is the subtle snore coming from his brother down the hall and the occasional thud coming from Cas’ room.  Whatever that dude gets up to at night, Dean’s never sure.  But he’s used to this.  It’s almost ritual at this point.  And his eyes have felt so heavy for the last 24 hours that sleep sounds like water in the desert.  So for the life of him, Dean can’t figure out why he’s still awake and staring at the blinking red dots on his alarm clock.
He was halfway to the lab when it occurred to him in all his brilliance that he’d forgotten to actually grab his notebook.  With a straining eye roll, he rounded back down the stairwell towards his locker and jimmied with the lock against his ear until he heard that telltale click.  Just as he opened it and began reaching for the green notebook on top of the stack, his locker door abruptly slammed shut nearly crushing his fingers.  The metallic clang ricocheted down the empty corridor and split Castiel’s persistently dull headache into something sharp and blinding.
“It’s an imposter.  That’s a fact.”  Obstinately settling himself further into the plush sofa back, Dean glared at him as held up a second finger,  “Second… I hate to break it to you, Sammy, but if you’re trying to lure me out of the house with, what… A hoity toity art show?  It’s not gonna work.”
Or rather, anticipated.
“I, um, I’m not sure.  I remember the field… I was having a picnic with my husband at our summer home.  I don’t know why.  There aren’t any flowers there, I haven’t been there in years and my husband… my husband has been dead for quite some time now.  It felt like we were only there for the afternoon.  How long have I been down here?”
“Make me,” he challenged with a shit-eating grin.
Giving a cursory glance around the darkened lecture hall, Castiel waited for some raised hands.  Absently, Castiel turned his attention to the front row as he watched Dean half-heartedly scribble down his own notes.  It wouldn’t get to him though, he wouldn’t let it.  Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed a small hand held high belonging to a girl he still didn’t know the name of.  He mentally scolded himself before motioning for her to speak.
“Thanks,” he says, keeping his chin down.  There’s no reason to look Cas in the eye more than necessary, he’s already done that too many times this week.  Each time preceding another bout of holing himself up in his room.  Cas doesn’t need to know why.  And Dean really is bone tired.
Dean could feel the heat rising in his cheeks when he finally turned his sights away. Suddenly hoarse, he cleared his throat a bit before he spoke. “Mom says you can sleep over again tonight. I mean, if you want to.”
Jack considers it for a moment, but speaks anyway. “I’d really like Dean to play with us, Sam.”
“I’ll never tell,” he said, kicking off the desk and spinning to a stop.
“Dude, at this rate, you’re gonna give yourself carpal tunnel if that’s true.”
“They’re asleep.  They won’t hear us.”
Castiel sized him up where he sat and he seemed earnest enough, but it still didn’t sit right with him.  “Charlie’s a nice girl and I know your type, you don’t have a chance--”
Aaron set his coffee down and nodded, slipping into the seat across from Dean.  “Yeah, you seemed like you were in a bad mood.  I almost wasn't going to ask, but I thought I'd seize the moment.”  He smiled, crossing his arms and resting them on the table.  “Plus, I might have pulled a middle school move and asked her to talk to you for me.  I figured it wouldn't come as a real surprise.  I am surprised you said ‘sure’ though, to be honest.”
_____
“Okay.”  Dean nodded awkwardly, but he couldn’t help but feel off-kilter.
“Got you this from the caf earlier, by the way,” he added, holding out a bag of pork rinds, somehow just knowing Castiel had forgotten to eat.
Dragging himself to his feet, he trudged across the living room towards the fridge and opened it so harshly it jostled the contents on the door.  He grabbed the first container of drinkable liquid and drank it straight out of the container as he scoured for something edible as well, though that endeavor proved fruitless.  With a put-upon sigh, he slammed the door and took another swig of orange juice, though he had to wipe it from the front of his shirt when he saw the date on the calendar.
Castiel threw his head back on a laugh, eyes crinkling with a gummy grin.  “I think your gaydar is finally broken.”
Also another shout out to my beta just for putting up with me going on in-depth character analyses and meta rants every other day.  I just really like symbolism, okay!?
“What am I grading?”
The no nonsense look on Castiel’s face forced him to relent.
“This hex bag wasn’t made to bind any monster,” she says, “It was made to bind a victim.  Looks like our boy Dean was hexed by some powerful magick.”
“What?”
Sue him.
“Sure, maybe,” Dean said, wordlessly trying to puzzle out what that was even supposed to mean. “Have you, uh, ever kissed anyone before?” The question was out of his mouth before he could do much to stop it and for whatever reason he found he didn’t really want to know the answer.
Charlie’s answering groan turned into a small smile.  “You could always just try flashing Professor Novak your goods and not even worry about the paper,” she said, smothering a laugh with the palm of her hand.
“The Shining,” he said with a snap of his fingers, “That’s the one.”
The sickly colored mottle near Dean's temple surged Castiel back to the present.  Castiel unclenched the fist at his side he hadn't even known he’d clenched and swallowed dryly.  "I- I would never lay a hand on you, Dean,” he attempted, silently cursing himself.
Seeing Benny’s face while he was mid-orgasm wasn’t really something Dean ever wanted to experience once, let alone twice.  Definitely wasn’t trying to see it again if he could help it and he was beyond grateful that he’d only shown up afterwards this time.
The restroom was the first place he checked.  It was empty, minus one man in obnoxiously plaid pants that startled the second Castiel came stumbling through the door.  “You're not my friend,” he said more for himself than the other man.
“I’m never usually up early enough to see the sun rise over the water,” Castiel mused aloud.  “It’s breathtaking at this hour.”
A disheveled man emerged from one of the rooms with an overly pleased expression on his face.  Castiel wanted to be that man right about now.  He watched him float by on cloud nine until the bouncer announced it actually was Castiel’s turn, but he was at a different door at the end of the hall.  That was for the best; a sober Castiel would have questioned the sanitary conditions of this whole event.  The bouncer gave him a thorough run down of the rules for getting a lapdance.  Castiel didn't know there were so many and his brain struggled to memorize the list.  The main emphasis on the fact he wasn't allowed to touch the dancer.  He could handle that.  If he remembered one rule, it should probably have been that one.  Before he wrapped his head around the rest, he was being corralled into the dimly lit room.
“I dunno. Sometimes people change.”
Castiel steeled his expression.  “I would never.”  He was feeling mildly drunk.  It was easier to flirt like this, he supposed.  None of his usual hangups cloistering his personality away.
Awkwardly, Dean cleared his throat.  “Hey, Cas,” he managed into the receiver.  Even to his own ears it sounded small and defeated.  Broken in more ways than one.  That was how he knew he’d said anything at all.
“Oh my god, Dean’s here,” Castiel grinned belatedly, setting down his half-drunk beer.  “Hi, Dean!”
Balthazar began to back out of the doorway, but stopped short when Castiel blurted out “Mrs. Birdell died.”
“Dean--” he starts, but he’s cut off when Dean raises a palm to stop him.
The doorbell chimed just as Dean finished setting the table.
Hanging up the phone, Dean felt lighter already.  He didn’t know if it was because Bobby was more of a father to him than his own, but he trusted him and just that feeling was keeping his head above water right now.  As it turned out, asking for help was worth pushing through the pain sometimes.
"Doubt it."
"Alright, you know where it is. What do you do if someone tries to touch you?"
Each kid in his class did ten front kicks, ten side kicks, and ten flying side kicks, which were Jack's favorite. After that they were allowed a five minute break and most kids went to get a sip of water from the fountain or use the bathroom. Jack ran to pee and nearly forgot to bow to the dojo, something that had to be done when leaving or entering.
Dean sunk down in his seat and didn't look away from his sister and Sam. "I'm fine."
"Cas made cheese and spinach omelets," Jack answered.
Dean sighed happily and responded.
Dean had volunteered to watch the kids for the night so the parents could enjoy being alone on the holiday. And Cas had excitedly offered to have them spend their time at the store. Besides Dean's own kids and Josephine, Magda and Elijah were there as well as several of his cousin's kids. All of them, besides Ben and Emma, called Dean "Uncle Dean" and Cas found that adorable.
"Oh. Well, regardless, I got it." He shot her a smile, hoping she could see it with her peripheral vision.
"What is so hilarious about inflicting pain upon anthropomorphic animals?"
"What is wrong with me?"
"And a glass of orange juice," Jack suggested.
"Excellent choices, sirs." Jack ran to the fridge to get the cartons.
"Dean?"
Dean blinked. He did not expect Cas to look so animated. His eyes lit up and he was gesturing widly with his hands.
Cas looked up from the game he was playing on his phone, the big bulging eyes on the top of his head staring at Dean.
"Oh well. Least you'll have the satisfaction of a nice long walk."
"He should," Castiel insisted, walking slowly with the full dog bowls. "And he will."
"Gunner headed home a few days ago to shoot a movie and he invited me. I'll be there the rest of the Summer."
"Do what, mommy?" Igor asked.
"Ah, good morning?" Sam said. "How, uh, how are you guys? Eileen is here."
The door to Dean's apartment was unlocked, so Castiel walked in and looked around. It was clean, for a change.
"Aw, that's so cute!" Lorraine's daughter-in-law, Tasha, Cas was sure, gushed. "What about your first date? When was that? What was it like?"
"You wanna switch seats?" Kelly asked.
Reluctantly, Dean stood and followed Cas to the kitchen, bringing the chair with him. He put it back and went to sit on the otherside of the table so that he was facing the entryway to the living room. He could just see the edge of Sam's large knees.
Cas pushed down the laughter rising inside of him and turned around. His boyfriend was sititng at the small kitchen table, arms crossed and an expectant expression on his face. Sweat dripped off his forehead and an apple core was resting on a napkin in front of him.
Cas shook his head. "They're mistaken. I just rested my eyes for a few seconds."
"You'll get there," Cas breathed, "after. Me!" He gave himself one more burst of speed and surpassed Dean to the open gate of the park. Screeching to a halt, Cas bent over, hands on his knees, breathing heavily.
A forkful of carrots halfway to his mouth, Dean's dad answered, "She said Amara was crazy and Nick was controlling."
They padded into the kitchen and Cas was surprised to find Jack Sr. cooking eggs at the stove, Helen mixing batter in a bowl at the counter, and Asa chopping up fruit at the island.
Castiel was just finishing up the dishes when his phone rang. It was Claire, and at first he was concerned, because she rarely called him, only texted.
At 9:30, with everyone awake, the house was full of activity; people going up and down the stairs to grab something, pacing while waiting for the bathroom, sneaking into the kitchen for a snack.
"Marvin the landlord is a prissy little princess with a vendetta against marijuana... and yes, not paying rent was a factor. The gym does not pay much."
Dean raised an eyebrow at Castiel. "Yeah. No."
Dean, obviously offended, looked at Gabe angrily.  "Excuse me?"
"No scratching," his daddy scolded. "Down."
It was Dean's turn to blush. "Obviously y-you said no." He noticed Cas's bottom lip quiver slightly. "Uhm, I never told her the exact details of when we first met. That would be way too inappropriate."
Now, on Monday, while he was waiting for a fish to bite, he considered Cas's offer of joining him in his parents' hot tub. The idea made butterflies flap around in his stomach and his palms clammy. The mere thought of being naked around an incredibly hot guy he barely knew was nerve-racking.
The two kids hugged Dean before heading upstairs to thier room. Dean walked over to Cas wraped his arms around him. He sniffed Castiel's hair.
"You're not eating healthy," she pointed out.
*****
"Pretty boy," Castiel called out happily.
Cas grinned. "If you're headed for the cafeteria, I'd be happy to pay for you."
"And you know Howie? The puppy they got in Howliday Inn? He was never in the show," Jack was saying, "he's so funny, so I wish he had been."
Jack turned around to face his uncles. "What are your guys's fav- ew!" His friends whipped their heads around. "Every time I look at you two, you're being gross!"
"'Kay," Dean replied softly. He held his arms out. "Carry me?"
If they got married, Jack thought as he stared at Dean and Cas, they would probably have a baby too. And what would happen then?
"Why is he being such a dick? If he just tells me why he's mad I can apologize and we can get back to having sex."
"It's Sam," Sam called our from the hallway. "Uh, hurry up, you're watching a movie with us."
Benny smiled and handed the box to Jack. "A present. For your birthday next month. No way could I wait."
"Yeah. Ticket's paid. And I think it's clear that Gunner and are just friends now. You could help me pack and drive me to airport."
Dean's cheeks turned pink and he shook his head. "N-no..."
The older man laughed. "I'm sorry about that, Dean. I shouldn't have snuck my way in and decided I lived here. It was wildly inappropriate. I thought it would've been, I don't know, cute."
"No, Dean look." He showed him the toys again. "Look closely." He handed Dean the one that belonged to Cas. "Look."
"Am I being... I don't know, infuriating?"
"After this episode," Jack begged. "Please? It's Friday!"
"As the dominant one in this relationship,  I have a du-"
From the fridge, his mom called out, "Don't be embarrassed, honey. He is a real cutie."
"Bring up the first priosner," she called out to her head guard. She held a piece of paper between her hands.
"He's your friend," Cas pointed out.
"Just because I wouldn't take out the garbage." She crossed her arms. "He is such a dick."
The cat stopped and looked at him, bored. -Hello, dog.-
"Be careful with it my boy. It's not a toy. Very sharp. "
Crossing his arms, Cas gave his brother a pointed look. "She originally asked your boss's grandson, Aaron, but he was rushed into surgery this morning with a burst appendix. I was her next choice."
He smiled. "It's been nothing bad, Dean. Just that you're a firefighter and that you're very helpful with Jesse while your brother is at Stanford. He's pre-law, right?" Dean nodded and he continued. "And he says you're very sweet and smart and he wishes you hadn't had dropped out of college."
Dean walked Castiel to the door and kissed the man before he left. He locked the door and headed to the stairs.
"Oh." It would probably be a lot different for Jack.  He knew babies needed a lot of attention.
"If it was Sam then him and I would have to have a few words."
His husband gave him an unimpressed look. "Cas, I can just buy pancakes anytime I want. In fact I can make them. It's not a real prize for me." Castiel leaned forward and whispered something in his ear. "Oh. Okay. That'll do it. It's quiet time kids."
"Eh," Dean said, staring at Cas. "I can live with that."
-----
Cas looked his husband straight in the eyes. "No."
"Why is it so dark in here?" Cas asked. He must have flipped on the light switch then,  because the lamp on the endtable next to Dean turned on. Jack breathed a sigh of relief and felt his pounding heart start to slow down slightly, and he released his grip on Dean.
"It's okay, kiddo. I know what it's like to have a baby in the house. When I was four I put Sammy in the dryer tried to turn it on.
"Cas? What's wrong?"
Dean was lying on the bed in the remaining room he had to share with Sam. The cot they brought was up against a wall and Dean's clean clothes were in a pile in the corner, in between his duffel and backpack. Sam's clothes were neatly folded in the dresser.
Uncle Sammy shook his head. "They should be back soon. Dean will get mad if we start the movie without him."
What felt like an hour later but was probably only a few minutes, the spinning motion of the car had slowly subsided until eventually he felt stationary again.
Dean took two steps back. "I'm not? Why would you think that?"
"Oh, here we go," his dad muttered, getting a forkful of rice.
"You're dating. You go on dates. And have sexual intercourse. Aren't you supposed to do something with him?"
"This is news to me."
"Disgusting," she declared. "When are y- when is the d- meal happenin'?"
"Dean, kids," Cas called out. "Let's go, line up."
When Dean had finished, Cas helped him up and the two smiled at each other.
Watching the love of his life make out with a sexy actor filled Cas with so much rage and sadness he was certain his blood pressure had spiked to astronomical levels. It was hard to pick out the worst part; the loud sucking and slurping, the flashes of tongue, the moaning, or the infuriatingly sweet way Gunner stroked Dean's face with his thumbs. It was all absolutely horrible.
"I can't pick this up," he declared, stepping back from the vehicle. "And of course I had my keys. I must have, I definitely turned the heater on. How did I get them though?" He made a fist and tapped his forehead. "Maybe they were in my pcoket? Or already in the car? Would I have done that? I have before. Maybe I-"
"Kind of," he whispered.
Helen looked to her daughter. "What's Jack talking about, Kelly?"
Cas sighed and turned to Jack. "Bed at 10:30. If I come in here later and you guys are still awake, there will be a lot of heck to pay. Understood?"
"What?" Dean shot up, pillow in his hands. "Oh, right." He'd recently stopped sleeping with a weapon underneath it. Nowadays, he kept a gun or knife on the nightstand, still in reach, just in case. He rubbed his eyes as Castiel sat next to him on the bed and planted a kiss on his ear. "Why am I up?"
"Hope you two have fun. I got a long day of shooting today." He patted Cas's shoulder as he left the kitchen.
Jack pulled at his fingers. "Oh. Okay. Sure... uhm. Hold on." He ran to his room, tiptoeing  past Dean and Cas's bedroom, and grabbed Luke and Mimikyu off his bed. He walked quickly back to the living room and turned off the TV. He hesitated at the light switch for a minute, but he saw Kevin turn on his phone's flashlight. He flipped the switch down and stumbled through the diim light to his sleeping bag. He noticed that Kevin had a Garfield plushie between his folded legs and Maggie was clutching a blue Yoshi to her chest.
They were just little things that was just a part of Castiel.
Miracle panted. -Need my strength to help Uncle Sammy.-
"You're not gonna watch?" Maggie asked.
He wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand, then licked the smear off. "Th-thanks. Uhm, what are you gonna do if he needs to get up at night? Like, the bathroom?"
Dean snorted. "That you hate. Hey, we can take the classes together! So you can open up that daycare you always dreamed of."
"Fine," Dean sighed. "I'll take untoasted and celery."
Cas chased after him, up and down the streets, through people's front yards, and even in a stairwell of the building two blocks away.
"I dunno," Jack replied, poking his fork into a carrot.
"He has lost his mind," Uncle Sammy said. Him and Eileen had gotten up and walked over.
"No," Dean heard his mother answer when Jo was finished. He looked up and saw her at the window a few feet away. "Everything will be okay. That's not even a real torn- uhm... it's fine, okay? Don't panic."
"I do not regret what I did, but I will suffer the consequences quietly and respectfully. This practice is primal. Everyone deserves a life."
Jack rolled his eyes.  "Yeah, sure. Then when I get caught I'll find myself at the business end of those things."
Dean swallowed. "Oh. Uhm... you don't have to go. Sam should, the max for a one bedroom is two people. But you can stay."
Dean blew a raspberry at her. "What are you guys eating?"
Dean swallowed a celery piece with a grimace. "What movie?"
Cas looked acoss the table at Kelly, worried. They probably should have discussed this type of stuff on the drive over.
“You know the uh,” Sam looks down at his shows. “You know the teacher I got talking to? The one that said he was gonna help me get into college?
His face is rested in his hands and his eyelids are dangerously heavy. For a second he sees a garden very very far away from the university classroom and his vision goes hazy long enough for him to shake awake at the sound of a voice.
“Thank you, Castiel!” Jack had yelled, excitedly. For what, Castiel still wasn’t sure. For dying in the line of duty? That couldn’t be it. For allowing Kelly Kline’s death to be in vain? That couldn’t be it either.
prison. Nobody touches him because he’s deemed a threat to both himself and others. He spends most of his stay in solitary, only being let out during breaks between guards, when one of his father’s friends named Deacon, can help him out with the investigation. They find the ghost and the poor man nearly gets got, but Dean’s a professional.
“You’re going to get yourself caught. You’re going to get me fucking killed!” Logan yells, arms outstretched in exasperation. But Dean doesn’t care. He’s so close. He’s in the last stretch of this long damning game he’s been playing for what seems like forever now. Just one more. He’d need to find one more man. And he can, he just needs to get another dose in.
Dean stands his ground in that he just stands there. He locks eyes with Sam and he treats his little brother’s eyes like a void. He stares and he stares.
He underestimates Dean. Enough that the blow to his jaw makes him stagger back in surprise.
“You got a fuckin’ problem, guy?” the man says, leaning in threateningly.
I… I know,” and he sighs, defeated. His voice breaks again when he asks, “what the fuck do you want me to say, Bobby? That I’m one of those freaks who thinks they were born in the wrong body?” It sounds like someone else is speaking when he asks. It sounds like somebody else is crying.
He hates his life, he hates existing. If he wasn’t as drunk as he was, he’d consider a thousand different even more self-destructive routes to take.
“You do enough partying, son, you can conga line your way right off of this team,” his coach says, staring at him with a look Dean would see on John’s face when Dean was learning to shoot and missed a shot.
“Hey, Anna,” he calls out. Not too loudly.
Nearly two months later, they’ve all gotten courses. Castiel is fluent in all languages, so when Eileen approaches him with the intent, he gives her a smile and points at himself, and then taps at his chest with the back of his thumb with his hand open, indicating he’s fine. He watches her smile grow ten times bigger and then as she accosts Sam for not telling her.
Castiel gives her an amused grin. He gives her the truth, “I am a celestial wave of intent. I don’t actually look like this. I— Jimmy Novak was in the bloodline I could use as a vessel and at this point… I suppose this is more me than— ” Castiel finds himself stumbling on his own words. What was he trying to tell her? He thinks about Dean. “The short answer is yes. I also don’t think many outside of us would appreciate you referring to them as such.”
“Dean, why didn’t you tell me?” Sam asks, his tone is only concern, no judgement. He doesn’t receive a response and he adds in an attempt to coax something out of Dean, “I would have helped you.”
“Please,” he begs.
Dean stands up, he slips his shirt off and heads into the bathroom. He’s met with the myriad scars on his torso that would put Pollock to shame. Patches of skin that aren’t receptive to pain anymore litter his torso. His eyes look up at the ones that just so happen to form the shape of a pale hand on his shoulder under the right light. Of the angel’s hand. Dean stares at himself in the mirror for a few moments.
“dean!” she says, visibly excited. dean smiles at her and waves, unsure why she’d be so excited that he’s here at midnight to fix her bathtub. she reaches out to grab his wrist and pull him into the house. she leads him through dark down the little hall that dean knows leads into the bathroom. dean notices there is no humidity in the house.
The next time Dean sees Sam is at a game. They’re down nearly three runs, there’s a guy on first and a guy on second with two outs, and it’s on Dean and Zach to get them out of this. Dean scans the field from his crouched position, taking in the likelihood of anyone trying to steal. The guy on second is too far away, but Dean is sure they’ve made eye contact. Dean frowns, glancing at Sam standing beside Fonz on first. Nobody can see him, cool.
Dean takes his information back to Cas, sans donuts. He walks by Josiah again. There’s something off about the guy, Dean thinks.
“I got a neighbor, two houses down. Nice lady, she brings me pies sometimes. But, it’s no secret she’d been born a man. That your deal?” Bobby asks.
“No,” Logan breathes against Dean’s neck, “not here, angel.”
and lastly, i literally cannot thank you all enough for the love you've shown me and this fic. it genuinely has blown me away and everyone who's bothered to leave some words on it, really, thank you so much.
The next day Dean’s got his best wool sweater on and is tracking down a business major. He’d heard these kinds of people were all sorts of messy. He steps into the air conditioned office and greets the student worker behind the desk. It’s a gangly looking guy with dark brown eyes.
“Your part, you’re a hitchhiker,” John explains, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
The eighth day comes and Dean slams the door of the motel room behind him when he gets back from taking another aimless walk around the neighbourhood. He clambers into the bed, straddling the demon sitting there, knocking the magazine out of his hands.
cas laughs, “and won,” he adds.
?” Sam says, with a laugh and an incredulous expression.
He pulls up at a motel and buys a newspaper.
His angel was an affront to Heaven, an insult to the divinity that had created him. His angel stood for rebellion, for love, and for the very things that would see him lose his wings.
So, that is the impasse they’ve remained at. It’s significantly better than the comatose man they’d had lying in the bunker for two weeks, but there is still a long road ahead. Castiel’s eyes trace the edge of Dean’s jaw, watching the way his lips move as he mouths the things he’s saying to Eileen with his hands. Castiel is not the best lip reader and he doesn’t like to intrude, so he doesn’t watch what movements their hands make.
Sam says, holding his arms out, “I think I had a right to know when I finally became a fucking orphan!”
“and miss your forty-second birthday?” cas asks, turning to press a kiss to the side of dean’s face. they look up at the sky and dean wonders how exactly he got there. there’s a feeling in his chest that he doesn’t understand, but he knows what it is. it’s peace, it’s happiness.
Every now and then, Castiel will feel Dean watching him. He’ll turn to meet Dean's eyes with the same easy smile. Castiel wants to reach out and touch him, wants to hold his face and tell him that everything is okay now, wants to hold his hand and reconcile the violence in his heart. Dean’s eyes beg him for a touch they both know Dean can’t stomach receiving. It makes Castiel’s heart break.
Dean breathes in deep and stares up at them for an entire second before he starts coughing again. They try to help him get into a sitting position to no avail. They settle for Mary holding Dean’s head up as Sam presses a glass of water to Dean’s mouth. Castiel watches Dean drink, Castiel’s expression begging for answers.
He drives through the woods that lead up to the house, finding himself on a highway soon enough. His foot presses down on the gas pedal and the car responds to his touch, the needle on the speedometer going to 80, 90, 100. The cars around him are passed in a haze and he’s unsure when he decides to come to slow exit somewhere. It’s away from the house. Away from everything.
Dean inhales the smoke, every bit of it feeling like he’s grasping at the remnants of the angel. He does it until it swells in his chest and it makes him feel like he’s suffocating on the memory of the lifeless body on the ground.
“Okay, okay. First thing tomorrow I’ll head to California,” Dean concedes. He shakes his head, still laughing.
It doesn’t, but the smile is returned regardless. It’s what was expected.
Dean presses his hand in further. The warmth of the vessel’s blood contrasts with the ice-cold touch of the essence. He squeezes. Logan suffocates underneath his grasp.
“You have nothing to feel sorry for, Dean,” Castiel says. He pulls his hand away and re-adjusts so he can look at Dean properly, “you did— everything you’ve ever done, you’ve done for love. I’m not mad at you for it. Sam isn’t mad at you for it. Your mother, I’d argue she’s proud somewhere deep down. You are not a monster. You are the most loving man I’ve ever known.”
“Right. Well. If you do see him, give us a call, will you?” Sam’s voice says again.
The machete in Dean’s hand cuts through the vampire’s head cleanly. Dean pants, catching his breath in a final satisfied huff as he looks down at the body. The guy’s long dark hair covers the newly created gap between the neck and the head in a bloody mess.
a good boy, Dean. Now look at you, you’re in the final stretch!” God says.
“Dean!” Sam calls from the other side of the door. He starts knocking again and the door knob starts shaking. Dean rubs a hand over his face and goes over to his duffel bag.
"Y te lo recalco hasta el día que te mueras. Algún día vas a necesitar de nosotros y no vamos a poder estar porque tú nos abandonaste." The words come with a special brand of venom that he keeps coiled in his chest. And he’s right. When the day comes that Sam needs his father and his older brother, neither of them are gonna be there to save his ass. He breathes heavily, watching Sam’s sad expression. It just makes him angrier.
“Possibly,” Cas says. Dean nods.
mostly, though, he and cas have been making up for lost time. they go out on dates.
He’d be lying if he said he didn’t want the car. So, he takes the keys. “I don’t want you to go,” he confesses. “I’ll be pissed if you do.”
“Eres de lo
“Happy eighteenth birthday, Sammy. If you’re out there, I hope you’re proud.”
There’s a moment of silence as Sam feels himself be at a loss for words. He finds them and gets up from the couch. He crosses his arms and stands looking away from the couch entirely.
Dean reaches over and grabs at the demon again, bending Logan over backwards. He holds the demon at bay by the hair, reaching out to grab at the essence that attempts to vacate the vessel through the mouth. Dean forces the essence back down, using that same hand to press against his mouth, preventing any further attempt at an escape. Logan stumbles back, bringing Dean down onto the ground with him. Dean holds his stance, landing in an awkward sitting position.
Eventually, however, the tide of the situation comes back into their lives in the form of Sam Winchester. Sam asks Cas to follow him one day. They head into Dean’s room, where they find Dean lying on his bed in sweats and a henley. The television is on, but it’s playing an infomercial. Dean is sitting on his bed staring off into space.
“Dean, honey, open the door!” Mary yells. The knocking persists.
dean reaches over and outstretches his glass. sam meets him halfway and they toast to that. dean watches sam pull his phone out and send off a quick text message. probably eileen telling him to go to bed.
Dean doesn’t respond to him. Instead he heads straight for the bathroom. The tension has built up in his chest and he can’t shake it on his own, it’s been building since he took the last dose of the blood. Dean peels his shirt off and stares at himself in the mirror again. His eyes aren’t sunken, but they’re red-rimmed and his cheekbones are hollow. His hair has gotten long enough that it parts just slightly when he runs his fingers through it.
He hears a fluttering behind him and against his better judgement, he doesn’t turn around. Birds were a thing. He didn’t have to assume every single sound was a monster.
He looks away from his father, down at his bare lap. It’s nearly ninety degrees out and it had struck him as odd when John hadn’t screamed at him to change out of the shorts he’d worn all day before they left for the hunt. It makes him feel uneasy.
“You’re sure you haven’t seen this man?” it’s Sam. Dean’s memory blurs the memory of what Sam’s face looks like, but Dean can recognize his voice as if he’d spent time with Sam just recently.
Dean huffs a laugh, “you don’t have any siblings.”
“I would be happy to meet him,” Cas says, running a hand through his hair and reaching down to grab the girl’s body and pull her off to the side, toward some garbage bins.
Yeah, Dean’s looking healthy alright. Sam’s listening to the words and superficially, he understands the concepts discussed, but he also doesn’t understand what’s being said. He’s sitting across from someone who used to be his older sister, now referring to themselves as his older brother, who’s come to tell Sam that their father is not only dead, but also in hell, because he sold his soul. To a
“no,” jack lies.
“Don’t have a 4.0 thinking inside the box, Anna,” Dean says with a curt nod. Anna laughs.
I’m sorry.”
they'd gotten back earlier that afternoon and had spent most of the day lounging around until the exhaustion got the better of them at around nine. well, except jack. who could have just driven back to kentucky if he wanted to. cas made sure he didn't want to. so, it's saturday night, cas is breathing deeply beside him, completely asleep, jack is probably watching TV in the dean-cave, and dean has been drifting in and out of sleep for the past 20 minutes when his phone buzzes to the tune of the Call Me Maybe song. it's the tone he'd set up for eileen because, well, she never calls. so, when she does call, it's usually an emergency flare that's followed up with an explanatory text. dean's eyes shoot awake as he watches the call miss and waits a second for eileen's message to come in.
“Hey,” Dean says with a quick twitching of his lips. He greets who he presumes is Cas’ roommate. It’s some skinny guy with light brown hair that’s lounging on the couch, bag of chips in hand, watching TV. Couldn’t be a hunter. Dean’s mood lifts just enough. The other guy nods at him as he passes by with Cas. Dean manages to get a glimpse of the look the guy gives Cas. It’s… unreadable, to say the least.
“Phew,” God says, appearing behind Dean. When Dean turns, He’s sitting atop a series of boxes in a corner, pointedly away from the blood. “That’s uh, one… two… six. Wow, Dean. That’s a new record. Congrats.”
“I see,” Cas says, turning back to the desk. Dean frowns. He looks down at his donuts and promises them Cas didn’t mean it. He sets the box off to the side on the dresser and follows Cas to the desk. He sees notes, both demonic and regarding the composition of something called a Super Pac.
Well, no. Sam wouldn’t either. But,
An itch creeps up in Dean. One he can’t quite scratch. He keeps watching the man. And he considers what a monster is. If a vampire were sitting there on the other end of the table, having coffee and a bagel, Dean would have not thought twice. It was just some guy. Not a monster, necessarily. Things complicate if Dean were to assume that this coffee-and-bagel eating vampire was to go out and drain someone of blood after, but, in theory, if it
The trip to California is just like any other. It’s long, tedious, and he ends up driving for longer periods of time the closer he gets to the California border. Anxiety sinks deep in Dean the closer he gets and he finds himself setting into a mindset where he’s decided he’s just going to go for it. Dean loves Sam more than he could probably say and he knows Sam is also the most compassionate person he’s ever known. If Sam decides to be pissy about Dean, well, Dean’s not going to think about that until it happens.
His head comes up from the trash can that’s off to the side of the sciences building. The smell of garbage and his own insides makes him duck down again and go for round two. When he thinks he can detach himself from the sides of the receptacle, he fishes in his bag for a half-crushed water bottle and tosses that in to top the pukey pie he’s left the custodial staff as he heads over to where practise is happening currently.
He flicks the blade closed and sets it down. He stares at the little flecks of red collecting in spaces the blade didn’t cut deep enough. The rest of the blood drips down his stomach and his arm, leaving little trails that remind him of the blood he’s spilling for the debt he carries so tightly in his chest. Dean reaches over for the first aid kit. He bandages himself up and reaches for a shirt that had been tossed on the ground.
“Huh,” Jess says with an awkward grin, “funny. Sam mentioned having an older sister, but not a brother.”
“and we got out,” sam says. there’s a satisfaction in his voice that makes every single time dean died or did anything stupid for sam worth it. it’s a tone that dean knows means sam is happy. and that’s it, that was dean’s goal.
A tension falls between them. Dean grips at the wheel of the impala tight enough that his knuckles pale. Sam watches his jaw clench and his mouth tightens into a straight line.
He hears the demon talk to him, but he’s overwhelmed by the blissful sensations to hear what they are. Dean feels a hand wrap around his dick and he comes undone. His breath hitches and his vision goes over white. A few moments later, he comes with a series of breathy whimpers.
It’s the knife in his chest that twists when Sam uses words that had validated him to hurt him.
After a final dose of the blood, they wait Sam out and they’re on the road again.They drive through two more states, finally stopping in a small town. They settle into the most homey motel room they’ve rented out thus far. It’s even got two beds.
It never comes. It feels like centuries pass him by as his hand rests on the angel’s face. His knees begin to ache, but he pays it no mind. The longer he stares at the angel, at the way the lines of his face rest at odd angles, relaxed, unburdened by the weight Dean feels has been set on his shoulders, the more Dean feels like his vision loses focus. Dean doesn’t notice or feel when Sam forces him up to his feet.
“Thank you,” both Sam and Dean say in unison. Sam looks back at Dean, still not entirely used to his appearance as Jess approaches and hands him one. He gives her a wink and a smile. It weirds Sam out. Sam takes his own mug and takes a sip. Jess takes her coffee the opposite way Sam grew up taking it. It’s ridiculously sugary and at least 75% milk. He loves it.
That, Dean thinks, is probably the most odd thing about his whole excursion. People will look at him, a man who’s got over 600 kills under his belt, and they’ll treat him like he’s fragile or like he’s stupid. Dean taps at the coffee mug on the menu as well. She gives him a much gentler smile, as if she wants to reach over and ruffle his hair like she would a child’s. She takes the menu from him and gives him a nod.
“Castiel?” another barista calls and Dean frowns. What the hell? He gets up and goes to stand by the counter. He’s gonna ask what the hell takes so long to heat up a sandwich.
. The tension that had risen in his chest doesn’t fade away, but it doesn’t get any worse. The man manages to scoot out from underneath Dean and he starts to get up.
“for?” dean asks.
And then, there’s a cough.
“Uh. Wait, Frank said party, right? We can cruise some of the frat parties and see if we can sniff one out?”
“You have nothing to feel sorry for, Dean,” Castiel assures him.
Dean picks up a fork and Castiel sits with him, then. Dean eats in silence that Castiel fills.
Around him, just outside the thick walls, there’s blazing neon in the distance. Temples to iniquity where people flock to pay away the problems of their simple lives in search of absolution in the form of a jackpot. Dean never really partook as it was, and now, it was all too bright to look at. And even so, it was all too easy to get lost in the lights and in their shadows after the sun went down.
“You’re spending the night, then?” Jess asks. She sets her coffee down on the table between them, “we’ve got extra blankets.”
“We were in an accident. Impala was totaled. I was… dead, I think. Doctors said I was legally dead for a bit,” he explains. Dean takes a shaky breath and blinks quickly. He turns to look at the ground, another pause.
“Como te
“Hey, hey!” the demon calls, following Dean’s steps. He comes around Dean, walking backwards as he speaks, “listen, I think I got something that could help you. If a serial killer is all you wanna be now.”
Jack, who’s been peering in, watches him go, but stays at the doorway, watching Sam and Mary.
Sam’s face contorts into confusion and his hands respond:
Sam sits down again, eyebrows raised. Dean takes a deep breath and continues.
“I know. Family is all we’ve got and I’m throwing it away, I know. Ya me lo has cantado no se cuantas veces.”
The day after he cuts his hair as short as he’d like it to be, properly short the way most guys in 2007 wore it, Dean ends up in Los Angeles. He’s working a case on a film set and finally gets to walk off into the sunset like the cowboy he was born to be, never mind that the sunset was printed on a tarp.
“Thank you, mister,” the little girl says.
Bobby takes a few steps forward.
he goes through similar motions with everyone. jody gives him a hug and then leans up to kiss him on the temple. donna squeezes him so hard he swears his insides are flattened.
He’d learned so much from Sam and Dean, that when the all encompassing entity challenged him, Castiel more than rose to the occasion. He screamed for what felt like millenia, keeping the entity awake as long as he possibly could. Maybe he had learned something from Lucifer, he thinks for a second before Ms. Holiday sweeps in and carries his thoughts across the swaying blades of grass.
dean is listening to after the thing with jo.  and this
sorry,” jack says, rushing up to dean’s side, “we were planning to be there for the cake but it wasn’t ready and we kept trying to fix things-”
Castiel will be standing at the edge of the railing, hands gripping the old metal tightly enough to make his knuckles white. And Sam’s voice will come up from below and he’ll ask Castiel if everything is okay. And Castiel will lie.
“If you want to run around the way you did all of last week, you need to build your strength up again. You’re not Sam, angel. You weren’t meant to be king.”
He takes a deep breath, holding the box of donuts he’d bought against his side and finally knocks on the door. He hears a bit of shuffling behind the door before it opens a crack and he sees the familiar shade of blue appear.
As Dean crosses the parking lot, he notes a single other person out there. It’s another guy having a smoke. He’s relatively handsome with dark hair and a long dark peacoat. He stands out against the snow around them. Dean decides he doesn’t care if this man has committed any evil. He walks past this man, heading toward the side of the road.
Dean watches him go over to a black bag that had appeared in the motel room only just yesterday. A tease. The case slips out slowly and Dean watches the demon’s fingers delicately handle a bottle with red liquid in it. A needle goes into the bottle and the liquid gets sucked out. Dean watches the flick of the syringe with wide eyes as the unreachable itch in his skin makes his hands shake. His breathing is shallow as the demon walks back to him, case in hand. Dean scoots forward, his arm at the ready.
He feels the demon collapse beside him as Dean grips the sheets beneath him, still riding out the elongated waves of pleasure that rack through him. He inhales deeply, exhaling slowly to wring as much of it out as he can. His vision refocuses and he lies there for a few moments before he collects himself enough to get up and get into the bathroom.
God smiles. And that’s the last thing Dean sees of Him before Dean is left alone with a body behind a diner. Dean feels a panic rise in his chest, then. He goes around the long way, coming over to his car just as people have started to investigate the sound of a gunshot. He peels out of the parking lot as quickly as he can. Those people will never see him again.
Castiel has the realization that he should relax. His arms come around and one rests at Dean’s side while another reaches up to ghost his fingers against Dean’s cheek. Dean sighs, content.
“Tell you what,” God says, a little smile appearing on His face, “this sort of thing doesn’t come cheap, even for me.” God crouches in front of Dean, the smile on His face getting bigger as He makes eye contact. He continues, “I’ll cut you a deal. Easy peasy. You bring me the bodies of a thousand evil men and I’ll bring you Castiel back. Yeah?”
Cas gives him a curious look before looking down at the square pink box in Dean’s hands. Dean feels a pang of awkwardness that he feels obligated to kill.
Dean stares up at Him, eyes widened with an almost childlike wonder. God takes Dean’s face into His hands and gives him a genuine grin. Dean’s chest tightens as his eyes glisten under the moonlight.
Dean walks away.
“Wow. One for the road, much?” God says with a laugh, “You’re at 770 now and I saw you what, ten minutes ago?”
Dean is hyperventilating on the bed, his body jerking around in response.
“Always,” Castiel responds. Dean can hear the smile in Castiel’s voice, but only now does he turn to look at it. Dean leans into the touch when Castiel takes the side of Dean’s face in his hand. Dean’s expression falls when his eyes meet the angel’s face. He traces the edge of his nose, the curve of his lips. He tries to memorize Castiel’s face.
“Sound good?” God asks.
the one staring up at a monster.
The air outside greets him in kind, the air is warm around him and he takes a deep breath. He’s got time to kill before he has to get to practise and then be back home to get started on working on one of many final projects. The deadlines were slowly creeping on him in a way no monster ever could.
“That dad kept thinking you were a lesbian?” Sam says, his expression more curious than anything.
A BANG rings through the alley that should have been much, much louder, but the music coming from the club covers it disturbingly well. The sound of the man hitting the ground is completely drowned out.
He’s the one that turns to go. He leaves his little brother, nose bloodied by their father, in the parking lot of the shitty motel they’re currently staying at.
sam’s phone buzzes again. he checks it again and this time does respond. he sighs and looks over at dean again, “i gotta go. eileen says the bed is too cold.”
“Are you alright?” he asks, walking over closer to Dean. And it all makes sense, he thinks.
“Chuck,” Dean says, looking up at the ceiling with a smile of relief, “got the first.”
Dean also turns to look over at Sam. The confused expression on his face validating what Castiel knows to be true about them.
“Alright,” Cas says with a nod.
“I love you, Deanna,” John says. It’s final, it’s a goodbye.
He’s been out of the hunting life for a little over a year now and he’s been navigating the shift into becoming a respectable member of society fairly well. He brushes his teeth every morning, procrastinates his assignments, does his readings, and every now and then he’ll check if the salt lines he’s set at the windows are still there.
Sam receives a frown in response. Of course his older brother thought he was hot shit. He
“This can’t be something,” Sam says, appearing beside him.
“That seems so unreal. Were you… in a group home? Poverty?” She asks.
he says in the smallest voice he can. It’s nearly a whisper.
He finds solace in the leather interior of his car. The engine roars to life under his shaky hands and the autopilot movements of turning to look as he backs out of the driveway are his saving grace as he heads down the road, unsure of where he’s going, but sure that this is what he needs to be doing.
“How was work, angel?” Logan asks.
“Oh, angel,” Logan breathes, a wicked smile coming up on his face in between kisses, “you are
“Honey, look at me,” she puts her other hand on his face and pulls hers close to his. Their noses touch and the contact is enough to focus Dean’s eyes so he can jerk back and let his gaze come down to the couch. His eyes flicker up to look at her again and she sees through to the black hole that’s become the inside of Dean.
But, he’s a step closer, he thinks. And he remembers the set of blue eyes that stared back at Dean for a fleeting moment, right before an angel blade pierced the angel’s stomach. Dean sucks a deep breath in through his nose and presses down faster on the gas pedal as the emotion catches in his throat and threatens to rise up into his eyes.
Dean looks over at her, eyebrows raised as if to ask: who?
Nothing makes sense and he doesn’t understand what the hell his father is doing.
“Que?” Sam asks, blinking into focus.
Sam frowns, looking down at his own ghostly hands and then back up at Dean, “you didn’t take out the vampires that killed me?”
He finds himself walking along the border of a suburban area that becomes increasingly less so as the street winds on. There are houses with green lawns on one side and a rundown apartment complex on the other. Kids play on that side, they run and scream around the poorly kept patches of dry grass. It’s unfair, Dean thinks. These kids got to have their childhoods. And Dean? He told his mother he was never allowed to be a child and she’d taken the comment in stride. They had bigger issues at hand, they always seemed to, but Dean never really let that go.
“Sam, you can’t go to college. How the hell are we going to pay for any of that? What about dad? What about
the thought of turning the bunker’s lights out for good makes dean feel a certain kind of way. still, though. now it’s a thought that’s popped into his head. who knows.
“I’ll be seeing you real soon, Dean!”
Dean stares down, breathing in the warmth radiating from God’s expression. He feels a relief wash over him, one that he’s never experienced. It tastes like absolution. It leaves Dean wanting, craving the release of remission. Dean’s mouth hangs open slightly, breathing shallow as God pulls away.
“Pinche joto,” he says with a cackle. His voice reaches a higher pitch as Sam smacks the back of his head. Sam deserves it, though. He’s eight years old and has already seen a real ghost, so the dark shouldn’t scare him. Sam is the so called
The guy laughs, like he’s caught his prey. He steps closer, giving Dean a better view of the rugged lines of his face, as if roughly chiseled and he blinks. His eyes go over black before they fade back into their natural deep blue.
“Excuse me,”  the guy says, cutting past Dean to grab the cup on the counter.
Before she can do anything else, Dean huffs a laugh. She pulls away from his neck, meeting his eyes as he says, “sorry, darlin’. Guess I forgot to mention I don’t swing your way.”
“I’m sure he’s pleased to know that,” Castiel says with a soft smile.
“Whatever you say, boss,” Dean says easily. He gives her another smile fueled by adrenaline.
Cas’ frown remains intact. He sighs and rubs a hand over his face before turning to look at the desk and then back at Dean. He says, “it appears that there is demonic activity around campus. The problem now is luring them out.”
He and Sam had gotten him restrained and it was a long, tense drive back to the bunker. Dean had been put into a room akin to the one Sam had been put in over 10 years ago. Castiel had sat outside Dean’s door as Dean screamed for hours. He heard him thrash against the restraints, heard the distorted infliction in his voice when he screamed, indicating Dean had become more demon than man. Castiel recalls, not as long ago as Sam’s detoxing, but long enough, watching Dean walk away, more demon than man. It sinks a cold feeling in his stomach.
Dean’s eyes droop to a tired glare and he walks over toward the bed and lets himself collapse in it. He’s not hungry. He shuts his eyes and feels the exhaustion come back to him like a tidal wave.
Dean laughs softly, leaning on the counter with both elbows, “guy’s name is Belham, B-E-L-H-A-M, and I’m James. Morrison.”
“Mile day, gentlemen and Anna!” Coach Costello says, blowing on his whistle. The entire team makes a break for it. Within the next fifteen minutes, the times get clocked. Dean isn’t last, and that’s all he can ask for. They line up for batting next.
Dean nods, “Frank met a guy at a party who in the right light appeared to have black eyes. So, I think he’s a positive. Nancy I couldn’t talk to, but it looks like she’s swimming in Benjamins, so.”
John Winchester dies on a Monday, at 2:36 PM. He leaves behind two children, a Deanna Winchester, whereabouts unknown, and a Samuel Winchester, currently in Palo Alto, California.
Castiel’s smile returns. It radiates the warmth he feels in his chest when he says, “Mary, I have seen love created. I’ve seen the work cherubs do to bring humans together in a love that can shape the future of humanity. And even then, I don’t think any of their work can begin to compare to what I feel for your son.”
There’s a flirty smile on her face that jumps onto Dean’s when he responds with, “that’d make it a date, wouldn’t it?”
“So… we gonna talk about it?” Sam asks, his voice heavy with sleep.
“I can, if you want,” Dean says, a grin coming up on his lips again.
“Look, I don’t know what you’ve got going on—” she starts, backing up from him in a tense movement. Dean braces himself for the effort it’s going to take to pull this one off.
“I thought the whole mute thing was a rumour. Huh,” the demon nods to himself, “okay. That’s cool. Uh, my name’s Logan. I’m here to give you a message. Your brother’s put an APB out for you with like, everyone. Hell, whoever’ll have him from Heaven. Everyone.”
“Ah, alright,” the guy says awkwardly.
Dean nods. He steps towards the door and gives Cas a pat on the shoulder as he steps out. It was just Dean’s luck. He
Still, he didn’t like thinking about that until he absolutely needed to. It helped, almost, that John proceeded to disappear just after his twenty sixth birthday.
the night winds down fairly quickly, given it’s nearly three in the morning by the time everyone’s settled down into a less partying mood. dean ends up sitting outside with sam in some lawn chairs from walmart in sam’s cookie cutter back yard. eileen’s gone to bed and most everyone has gone home by then.
Dean doesn’t stop walking. He doesn’t look at the demon.
“Hey,” he says shakily. One of the men inside eyes him up and down. It makes his knees lock outside the door.
Dean grins and nods as his coach steps out into the field and calls the practise session over. They’re to be back here next week, ready to run the mile again. Two boys about Dean’s age approach him.
The next year passes and Sam leaves for Stanford. Fucking Stanford. Sam Winchester with his brown skin, his Mexican birth certificate, and his will to do good, headed for fucking Stanford University. It should make his older brother ridiculously proud. It doesn’t. They’re standing in the motel parking lot in the rain.
Dean nods and looks over at the pile of books he’d left on his desk, “well, until we get to that bridge, I am so glad to see you, Sammy.”
“Yes, sir, Agent Springsteen,” Logan responds.
“Alright, alright, boy,” Bobby says, patting at his back. “Come on, now. No need for that.”
The angel’s hair is a mess atop his head and there are sections of it missing. When he kneels in front of Dean, there’s a lost look in his eyes. The sunken blue eyes that stare back at Dean for a moment are unfocused, they dart around as if looking for something to hold onto. The motions, however, feel rehearsed. As if this is something that Castiel has been planning on doing the entire time that Dean was working toward amassing enough corpses for the debt. Castiel’s eyes ultimately fall back on Dean.
“That’s kinda the point of dating, Dean,” Zach interjects as they head into the locker room. Isaac ties his hair up and Dean waits for them outside where it doesn’t smell like sweat and testosterone.
Dean slams the door in his mother and Sam’s faces. He doesn’t want to be told what he’s feeling and how he’s feeling it. The ever present tension threatens to swell in his throat. He swallows it down as he locks the door and turns away from it all.
And he does, like the good little soldier his father trained him to be.
Not until he’s sure he has it.
Castiel watches Dean fiddle with his fingers for a minute. Sam watches him as well, patience settled on his face. One of the many traits Castiel finds the most commendable about Sam is his ability to have compassion in situations where urgency can make one forget to have it. He waits for his brother. Castiel watches as Dean answers quickly, still not looking at either of them.
Dean walks away having memorized the number on the license plate. He slips into the impala and follows them out of the parking lot. They guide him to a suburban neighbourhood where the houses all look the same. Dean takes note of which house they park outside of and continues on. He finds a nearby motel several streets down, settles in and finds himself exhausted when he sits on the bed. He’s coming to realize that using words takes more out of him than the actual violence does. He rests his head against a pillow and dozes off, waking up nearly an hour later when a car’s horn blares in the distance. He gets up and decides to take a walk around the neighbourhood.
And for the first time, he’s not sure who it is he’s looking at.
“Your brother’s around,” comes his irate greeting. Dean pays it no mind. He looks through his duffel, the kit is gone. He looks up at Logan, expectantly.
It’d really been a year this quickly. It was almost yesterday that Dean watched his little brother get ripped into, almost yesterday that Dean pressed his own father against a wall in rage, gun underneath the man’s chin.
“Ya mejor lárgate,” he snaps. He doesn’t want to see Sam anymore.
“Atta girl,” John says, beaming like neither he or Sam have ever seen their father smile.
“What the hell’s that got to do with anything?” Bobby asks. The unreadable expression he’s giving Dean is a challenge. Dean fails to meet it.
“Easy,” Sam says from above him. Dean glares up at him. He’d been careful to cover his tracks, there was no case here. Sam shouldn’t be here. Sam gets up from where he’s pinned Dean to the ground. He sticks a hand out, offering to help Dean up. Dean stands up on his own, never taking his eyes off of Sam. Dean recognizes who he sees, but not in the familial sense.
Bobby reaches over and gives Dean a smack on his forehead with the tips of his pointer, middle, and ring fingers, implying that’s the stupidest idea Bobby has ever heard.
“Rumour also has it,” the demon continues, “that you’ve just been going around killing people? What’s with that, man? You okay?” There’s no concern in his voice, only curiosity.
choose to be. If he’s a brat about it, just kick his ass. It’s what we did to little brothers in my day.”
Dean passes the little girls playing in the aesthetically displeasing yard and he hears a woman’s voice call out to them. Dean can’t think of his mother. He had memories that he wasn’t sure were his own of a woman that existed only in fiction. His mother was flawed, his mother was angry, and his mother didn’t recognize the monster his father had turned him into. Rather, she looked at the spawn of John Winchester and decided she didn’t like them enough to stay. She’d explained it to him and Sam, she was her own person and she was allowed this. Did that make it fair?
Later that night, when John’s out and they’re both stuck home alone, he decides to test the waters, so to speak.
When he pulls over at a motel, he goes through the check-in motions like he usually would. There’s no difference in Dean’s easy grin when the woman behind the desk gives him the key to the room. No difference in the way he asks her about her day, casual and vaguely flirty. It’s like he hasn’t done anything any different.
it’s embarrassing, it’s enough to make himself blush at the memory of it, but it’s also
His eyes flutter open and he can’t tell that they’re blackened over. Dean’s mind goes numb and his thoughts narrow to the task at hand. At the only thing that’s driven him to do anything for the past several years. The debt. He owes the angel a great debt that he has to pay back in full with blood. The knowledge that once he reaches the 1,000 kills he needs, he won't have to think about the angel any longer fills him with determination.
And he’s right. Sam wouldn’t have.
“It’s what you are. Moreso than other humans anyway. I can see the grace in you. All of you’s been touched by divinity, did you know that?”
“Only because you’ve asked so nicely,” the demon responds. He brings Dean’s face back in front of him and kisses him deeply. Dean makes a sound of content that resembles a whimper. His hands go up to grab at the strands of neatly kept dark hair as the demon reaches up to bring them down so he can push Dean’s open button-up off his shoulders, leaving his arms barren. He pulls away, then. Dean flips around so his back is against the headboard.
He’s fourteen the first time it happens. And he’s never really had an issue with this sort of thing, because his mother had decided to name him after a woman she’d seen in a movie, a Deanna Hargreeves, and he’d only spent nine years in Mexico as their father arranged for visas so they could move back to the United States. So his name was never really an issue after they’d left the titular city.
“this your idea?” dean asks. sam grins, but shakes his head.
Dean lets himself get pressed against a wall and feels her breath hot against his neck. He stiffens and drops his boots beside him. They land with a light thud as she presses herself against him.
He lets the back of his head hit the door and lets his back slide down until he reaches a sitting position. He pulls his knees up to his chest as close as he can and lets the emotion reach his eyes. He presses the base of his palms into his eyes and rubs violently as he lets out short choked silent sobs that would make John call him weak.
“Ah—”
“It doesn’t matter,” Cas responds. And Dean laughs.
“No,” Dean responds. His voice is muffled, hoarse, and heavy with sleep.
speak.
is what really got to you, huh, Dean?” God asks.
“Dean,” she tries again. She turns his head with a hand so he can look at her. He looks. And he blinks slowly. She’s also a thousand miles away. Her blonde hair is a blur in his vision. The sinking feeling in his chest threatens to put him on his back again.
“you know sam loves you, you know your friends love you. you know that i love you with the wrath of heaven behind me. and somehow that doesn’t compare to the happiness i feel now that i know that you finally love you.”
that shouldn't start?
Dean has exactly two seconds to decide what he’s going to do. He thinks of C— the angel. And the tension in his chest is replaced with a different emotion, a different pain that makes Dean wish he couldn’t feel it at all.
The walk is short and fulfilling enough that the nausea dies down enough for him to put on a convincing enough smile as he rounds the gate corner into the baseball field.
“It might cost you double,” she says, looking around quickly. In the distance, Dean spots a car that looks too expensive to be parked on a street like this. Its windows are tinted over and it’s just far enough that it can drive off should any trouble come around and close enough that someone could step out and get involved should any solvable trouble come around.
By the time the two of them are out, Anna’s joined them. They never discussed where they were going to eat, so, several debates later, they wind up at the coffee shop on campus with some bad coffee and overpriced sandwich orders.
“Am I….?” Cas starts, squinting again.
As he and Sam get older, more things outside of themselves change. He’s sitting in a diner with his father at three in the morning, after another successful vampire hunt, a sloppy burger going down both of their throats. It’s the best thing he’s ever had, he thinks. There’s a trickle of ketchup going down the side of his mouth that John points out.
“Dean,” Sam says as he reaches out to put his hands on the sides of Dean’s shoulders. Dean lets him. “Let’s go home. Let’s get you to a bed, okay? We don’t have to talk about Cas—”
“You’re doing very well, Dean,” Castiel says. Dean stares up at him. His eyes are wide, asking a question Castiel can’t understand without words.
When Dean stumbles back into the dirty motel room, it’s empty, but there’s a gift for him. On the bedside table, there’s an entire kit. Just for him. He breathes out in relief as he heads over and unzips the black case. Inside there’s a set of needles and the respective bottles filled with the red liquid.
Work is hell, for sure. He’s three pages into this essay and he can’t find it in him to think about civilization before 650 BC any longer. He rests his head against the book he’s looking through for reference and when he lifts it, the clock beside him reads 2:47 AM in big bold red letters. He grunts and manages to stand up and slog his way over to his bed, passing the mess of clothes on the ground of his room, passing Sam, who’s sitting at the foot of his bed.
Dean hums in response. 2…
“He enjoys watching television in the room you set up for yourself. Sam says he’ll teach him how to play... foosedball when Jack is tall enough to look over the table,” Castiel says, a small smile resting on his face as he watches Dean.
With the energy only youth can harness, he jumps the railing of the bleachers and heads back out onto the field. He goes through the routine of stretches and runs several laps around the field. When he’s good and ready he lies down on the field, staring up at the sun.
Dean doesn’t answer him.
“Uh,” Sam starts. He shoves his hands in his pockets and looks away.
“Sam?” she asks.
Dean looks up at God, then. His eyes are wide with grief. He’s frozen to his spot on the ground, but every instinct he has is telling him to spring to his knees, to bend over at His feet and beg. It’s then that he says the first thing he has in the past 24 hours.
“Uh, Cas. I’m Cas,” the guy says before taking a stiff step away and walking along.
The fingers of his free hand pat at the thin lines of blood and he wipes it down some. It doesn’t do anything except get his torso bloodier. The blood continues to flow as Dean considers, for a brief moment, slitting his own throat. He knows it’ll heal faster than a normal human’s would, given all the demon blood coursing through his veins. He presses the tip of the blade against his throat with very little pressure behind it. He feels the tip dig into his skin and he holds it there until he’s sure it’s broken skin. Then he pulls it away. A speck of red appears at his throat, followed by the smallest drop of blood.
He’d stood, shorter than John, but with the same bravado that he always carried with him, and told his father that he and Sam were doing their best. That it wasn’t fair, the way John treated them. John hadn’t been drinking. Dean tells himself that John had been, but he hadn’t been when John shoved him backwards so Dean’s back hit the rearview mirror of the impala at an awkward angle. Dean’s breathing hitched as John walked up threateningly close and told Dean that he owed everything that he was to John, to the way he’d cared for them.
He forces himself to sit up and drags himself out of the hospital bed to follow John and get some answers. Was John going to leave him again? Just like he had this entire year? He couldn’t handle that. He wasn’t going to take that shit from John. Not again.
“Major league baseball,” Dean says with an eye roll that sends a wave of nausea rolling through him.
He doesn’t look at Bobby when he nods at the ground.
The demon has more things to say, but Dean drowns them out with the sound of blood pumping in his ears as he heads out.
“Great. You dorm?” Dean asks, conducting a check of his own. Cas nods.
“So, this is what you’ve been hiding,” his sister says, voice still low. Sam turns back to look at her, confusion written on his face now. Why the disguise at all? Sam had known that she liked to dress up, but this was different.
On New Year’s Eve, minutes after it’s become New Year’s Day, in between Sam trying to bathe Dean with champagne and all the hugging Mary and Eileen insist on doing with everyone they’ve invited into the bunker, Dean pulls Castiel away to a room that’s seldom used. It’s an observatory. There are specialized panels that open and give way to a specific cluster of stars that the Men of Letters believed could help with their cause. Dean leads Cas through the room, passing a table with old notes and they come up on a corner that, Castiel notes, has been dusted. There’s an oversized bean bag chair slumped in this corner.
“Que onda, chiquillo?!” he says with a grin. The voice is low, not the timbre Sam remembers, but even dressed up the way she is, Sam would recognize a disguise. He’d recognize his older sister anywhere. Even with… things looking different. He wonders what the hell John made her do now.
Dean has always worn his heart on his sleeve and Castiel can almost see the waves of emotion as they wrack through Dean. They’re always overwhelming, they’ve always engulfed him in his entirety. Dean is the most caring human being Castiel has ever known and Castiel has known all of humanity. Understanding how Dean can love so deeply and so unconditionally is how Castiel has come to care about anything in this world. Dean Winchester at his core is pure, raw love and as such, Castiel learned how to love from love itself.
From behind him, Sam says, “he’s wearing the shirt that Cas was wearing the last time you came.”
“Want—” Deacon realizes as well, “
And several hours later, his back collides with the old brick of a building’s wall. He’s in a city now, in an alley between a nightclub and a closed antique store. Colours dance around him in a blur as he lifts his chin up, giving Logan better access to his neck. Dean inhales deeply, his mouth hanging slack. There’s an adrenaline running through his veins that Dean had forgotten. It’s loud in his ears and it makes his heart race. It’s different in nature, but ultimately the same rush the mark of Cain had provided him on many occasions.
They get through some batting for a few minutes before the rest of the team starts showing up, their coach at the end.
“No te pongas de pinche sangrón,” Dean responds, his expression falling into annoyance again. And Sam scoffs, because again, Dean is being ridiculous and here he is asking
Bobby asks, genuinely confused by the question.
“Sam.”
“And I you,” Castiel says. He gives Dean a soft grin under the moonlight. He would be lying if he said that he didn’t enjoy being told again. Dean had turned him into a creature of hunger, a creature with wants and desires. And as such, he aches for Dean to be the same man he met all those years ago in a barn in the middle of nowhere. He’s more than willing to wait as long as Dean needs. He’s prepared to rip his own grace out for Dean if he needs it. He’d just have to find a receptacle. His eyes flick to Dean’s neck, the memory of the necklace Dean wore coming to mind before Dean reaches up to kiss him again. Castiel will figure out what to do with time.
Dean show up seven years later, with late news of their dad and then have the audacity to ask Sam to go across the country with him? It’s absurd. Sam hates him.
and dean laughs. it was an emergency, but the kind that didn't have him spiraling into a depression. that was... almost nice, he thinks. they have normal people problems now. he leans over to where cas is asleep beside him and cas' trained as well as dean is. he stirs awake with the movement and opens his eyes in a half-awake gesture.
Dean kneels over the still-bleeding corpse of a man who’d followed a pair of women who’d been holding hands just to accost them. Dean hadn’t made himself known until the women had passed an alleyway. He’d shoved the man directly into the alley under the cover of night and the man never got a chance to scream. Dean’s knife was in and out of his heart clean. Dean’s going on four days now. He’ll have to get a redose soon, but for now he’s catching his breath over the corpse when God appears.
The guy looks away.
And that’s when he points and shoots. The man goes down, a clean confirmed kill. Dean’s hands shake as he puts his gun away. He’s at a distance from the body, far enough that he can feel like he’s not directly responsible for this, for the betrayal of everything he grew up believing. He takes a deep shaky breath and looks up at the sky again.
“Uh, when we call you
The sun has set for the night and Sam has been working on setting up a support group for hunters who want to get out of the life, a place where they can find compassion and understanding the way Sam Winchester knows how to give away so freely. Sam types away at his laptop, sending out emails and finding resources while Eileen and Dean converse on the other side of the room. Castiel stands in the entryway of the room and watches them.
“Awesome,” God says with a laugh, standing all the way up. “You just let me know when you’ve got the first one and we’ll start tallying them up.” God vanishes.
A feeling sinks in his chest as the impala’s engine roars around them, that his father wouldn’t be proud if his eldest talked about the things he thought about. About how he would much prefer a gruff, “atta, boy,” or an earnest, “come on, son.” The things that would make John disown him, if not beat him within an inch of his life, something something, “make you feel like a man.”
“Right… And, your sister?” Her eyebrows raise and she crosses her arms. She’s referring to the fact that Sam mentioned he had an older sister named Deanna and suddenly a guy named Dean shows up. She has to be.
Then she says, “Dean Winchester. Pleasure to meet you, chica.”
Dean’s thoughts get put back on the back burner when he feels he’s being watched. His eyes open and he’s met with a familiar pretty face.
“we did,” dean agrees, taking another sip of the whiskey, “we beat hell, we beat heaven, we beat purgatory, we beat god.”
“Sam?” Dean asks, a look of pain on his face. He hoped it was a sign of Dean not being able to cope with the grief. Otherwise it meant he had to kill his little brother.
“I— it’s just, you’re an angel,” she says finally. “Angels can be… queers?”
Castiel’s mood plummets. He tears the music from his ears, fumbling to stuff the wires into the pocket of the plaid jacket that Sam had let him borrow, assuring him it was Dean’s. Castiel doesn’t notice that he leaves the music playing as he gets up and begins the walk back to the bunker’s entrance.
And when Dean’s back hits a musty motel bed, he’s overwhelmed with the adrenaline. He feels hot breath on his skin, going over his bare chest, a tongue dragging down his anti-possession tattoo and over his nipple. The rush collides with the tension that lays dormant in his stomach. It rises up in Dean and he can do nothing to stop it. He takes a deep breath, a low breathy sound coming from his throat when he feels skin brush against him. His eyes are misty and his heart beats harshly against his chest as a hand comes to wrap around his dick. The heat pools inside him and mixes with the sorrow Dean wears like a second skin. He pants, feeling the demon’s mouth come and press what could be considered a gentle kiss against Dean’s mouth before he reaches up to kiss the wet lines on the sides of Dean’s face.
“I need to borrow your boyfriend for a minute. That okay?”
Dean shuts his eyes. Just thinking about it makes his blood boil. John had the nerve to be calm. His youngest son, full of promise, had been killed in front of them both and John had the audacity to not react. Dean had been a mess, sobbing into Sam’s chest. And John just stood there. Calm.
Castiel doesn’t fight the small smile that creeps up on him. He ushers Jack out of the room, turning to give Dean a final look. Castiel wishes he could sit with him. But, he’s unsure if Dean would even want that.
He recognizes Dean, he’d always recognize Dean.
“I’ll get coffee on!” Jess calls from behind them, detouring into the kitchen as Sam leads Dean into the living room. He flicks a lamp on and gets a good look at him. It’s… a very good cover. His face isn’t as soft as Sam remembers it and he’s wearing maybe two shirts underneath a plaid flannel and John’s leather jacket. It seems to swallow him completely, but at the same time give him the right presence. Sam
She keeps talking as Dean flags down an oncoming car. She mentions for the second time that day how lucky it had been to run through the same highway Dean had been hitchhiking on. Dean doesn’t tell her that he hadn’t assumed the man running after her was a vampire. He thought he’d found body number 254 when he decided to follow them.
“Hey!” Dean says with a grin, “it’s me, Dean? From the alley— ”
“if you think you’re prepared to let the bunker go, i don’t see why not,” cas responds.
He drops the needle onto the comforter, throwing his head back against the headboard as he breaths deep. The blood, at first, burns under the skin, but not in the traditional sense. It burns in the way rage burns. It makes Dean ache for something to sink his teeth into. It leaves him bloodthirsty and ready for the hunt.
here.
He spends at least another hour in bed before he finds it in him to drag himself out of the covers that he’s under. He nearly collapses if not for the fact that the room is small and the bed is so close to the wall. He takes several more deep breaths and his bones ache for him to not move ever again. But, he’s Dean Winchester, and if nothing else, he’s a fighter. He drags himself along the side of the wall and clambers into the bathroom.
Dean watches Cas nod, a little disappointed by his lack of enthusiasm.
“Dean,” Sam tries. “You’ve been gone for months. What the hell are you even doing here?”
Sam gives him a soft smile. “Noted.”
By now, Dean can stand up on his own. He doesn’t have much energy, but he’s been seen moving around the bunker curiously, as if trying to re-learn where everything is. Castiel has been hesitant to speak with him, unsure of how to broach the subject. Dean has also avoided Castiel for the most part.
Dean hesitates, of course he does. He’s not a killer. He’s not a monster. But, he thinks. This man is a monster. And what Dean is, is a
“Matt? Fonz? Tony? Kellan? Zach? Freely?” Dean tries several other names, he gets through the entire baseball team.
“Hey there, girlie,” another one of them says, a smirk coming up on his face.
that replaces wanted dead or alive.
That same guy.
His coach looks at him. The man’s eyes are a brownish green deeper than Dean’s own and they pierce into the hungover shell of a man Dean is currently wearing.
. That gave Dean pause. That was a monster, it had to be. If not that, then what? What made this man any better than a werewolf ripping someone’s ribcage open and eating a person’s heart? This man’s humanity? A living being that actively harmed another when the other was unable to defend itself, that being had no humanity. That was a monster. It makes sense to Dean the longer he thinks about it.
“i know you’re gonna tell me to shut up, but i do have to say, dean. thank you,” sam looks over at him.
Dean looks away as the instinctual feeling of shame catches up to him, despite Dean being a thousand miles away from reality.
He gets involved in the life properly by then. He goes on his first hunt when he’s sixteen, taking a ghost down at the same time he feels a familiar wetness between his legs as he goes to uncomfortably sit in the passenger seat of the Impala. His hands are shaking and he’s nauseous from having to look at a corpse, but he’s thinking of the jeans he’s going to completely ruin if he doesn’t get them off soon.
with them. They bought me a burger and I watched them milk a goat.”
“So, uh. Are you and uh, weirdo out there,” Dean starts awkwardly.
Dean grunts at the words. They sting something in him, making him slowly lift himself up into a sitting position. He glares up at the blue eyes that regard him from the demon’s position in the chair. He sits there in the black peacoat, arms and legs crossed, watching Dean like he’s an exhibit at a zoo.
She gives him another would-be heartbreaking expression. Her eyes are wide and there’s a youthful gleam in them Dean used to see in Sam.
“You’ve been awake for a week straight, angel. You’re still human. You need rest or else the next comedown’s gonna be a nightmare,” comes the gentle response from beside him.
And every time, Dean stands over a corpse, his eyes vacant. He doesn’t take pleasure in killing. It was just a means to an end. He wipes the edge of his knife on the man’s shirt and reholsters it. His eyes flick upwards to the sky. He doesn’t have to speak anymore, he can wordlessly send a prayer and God will appear unto him.
Unfortunately for Dean, nobody currently in the diner matches that MO. He finishes his coffee and leaves a hundred dollar bill on the table as he grabs his duffel bag from underneath the table and heads out. He doesn’t have change.
“I told you to turn that shit down!” and the sound of something electronic hitting the ground. The television? One of those video game consoles? Dean couldn’t be sure, but it was enough. He pulls away from the side of the house and heads toward the backyard. As he rounds the house’s rear, a set of arms grab at his shoulder and Dean is forcibly tackled. He doesn’t get a look at who grabbed him until his back hits the ground.
Was something wrong?
In case anyone was curious, I update the tags and characters as they come up in the story.  Since I am writing this by the chapter, I don't know far ahead of time what things will come up, but I will always tag them. I have tagged all appropriate tags for the latest chapter. Non-con touching/threats of rape.
Taking the first momentous bite of his mile-high sandwich, Dean groans as half of it falls out the ass end onto the table.  It earns him a disapproving glower from that dork Kevin in the corner and when Charlie pokes her head up from disentangling a mess of wires under the desk, the look on her face isn’t much different.
Sam and Jack have taken to running together in the morning.  They wake up obscenely early and hit the pavement before the idea of consciousness even enters Dean’s mind.  “They like the routine” is the reasoning Dean gets whenever he prompts them.  Dean doesn’t get it, but he's content enough to turn a closed eyelid or two.
Dean catches his stubbled jaw and cuts him off with a soft, lingering kiss. Cas’ lips brush sweetly against his when they part and Dean can’t help the grin that splits his face. “Is it?”
Dean’s eyes peaked open then, following the undulation of Castiel’s throat as he forced himself to swallow.  The steady heat building between them all this time was smoldering now.
He wasn’t about to feel guilty for any of it either.  He was working on autopilot and base instinct around Dean and there wasn’t any room for it.
He took a shower to wash the glitter and oil and makeup and whatever else wound up on his skin over the course of the day.  And when he got out he didn’t feel good, but it wasn’t something any shower or bottle of Jack was going to wash away, so he pushed it aside, as he was so apt to do.
Suddenly, Castiel’s mouth went dry.  “Thank you,” he managed to say, “I’d like that.”
Castiel let slip the slightest of smiles.  Earnestly, he said, “It’s good to see you.”
,” Castiel exhaled.
He sat up in the dark, holding the phone away from his face.  It was just after 10pm, not as late as he’d thought, but an odd time for an unexpected phone call nonetheless, and sure enough there was an unidentifiable number read across his screen.  He soaked it in and brought the phone back to the side of his face and willed himself to breathe.
In an instant, Dean retracted in on himself.  Where he’d been previously leaning into Castiel’s touch, he was now pulling away and trying to hide his face in Castiel’s shoulder.  “S’nothin’,” he mumbled against Castiel’s neck as he breathed him in and planted deliberate kisses there in an effort to distract him.
Maybe it was the shitty vodka Castiel brought, or maybe it was just something that’d been eating at him for god knows how long, but he was curious now and he had to know. Just on the off chance things did change and they couldn’t do whatever it was they were doing out here once high school rolled around.
Without even turning, he said,  “For the record, you’re a right bloody wanker, but... you’ve always been worth the trouble,” before he rounded the corner of the Heavenly Host.
Clearing his throat, Sam reaches for the ancient Scrabble box between them and begins laying out the board. He hands out the letter racks and gives Jack a rundown on the basic how-to of playing Scrabble, explaining the colored squares and the letter points and whatever the hell else is involved in playing this game.
When the train came, they carved out a space at the back and watched the city lights bleed past the finger-smudged window as it lurched forward again. Sam ate his dinner—green crap by the looks of it—and Dean’s stomach gave a rumbling growl while Sam asked questions that Dean couldn’t answer.  About where exactly he’d gotten all the money, about where he lived and why they couldn’t just simply go there instead, about this friend they were going to see, until he finally got the hint to quit asking.
“Of course,” says Cas like he always does, “I’ll just wait here.”
Cas cocked his head and gave the collar around Dean’s throat a pointed tug. “Do you know what this means, Dean?” He waited for an answer Dean was unwilling to give. “It means you are mine. It means you submit to me. It means,” he said slowly, “that you allow me to do whatever I want with you, up to and including issuing punishment when you’ve disobeyed me. Do I need to teach you your manners again?”
“Something about a Matt Brody,” he said.  “For the record, you’re very much mine.”
Eventually the sounds dissipated as Castiel heard the groan and click of the basement emergency exit locking back into place.  With that, he sighed with what he convinced himself was relief.
“Goodnight, Sam,” Cas says, tipping his head in reassurance.  “Sleep well.”
A fresh surge of heat spreads across Dean’s cheeks, up to the tips of his ears and down below the collar of his t-shirt.  He glances down to see his semi isn’t so semi anymore and he has to look away then just to clear his throat and not die on the spot.
Nodding along, Dean inched away as soon as there was a lull in his spiel.  “I’ll definitely be on the lookout for that, buddy, thanks,” he said in a rush of breath.  The air filling his lungs stung a little bit, but it was preferable to asphyxiation.
“Somebody get me a blanket or something,” he ordered over his shoulder through his own chattering teeth.  “Get two,” he added, checking Castiel’s pulse with his fingertips.  And, thank god, it was persistent.
Castiel scoffed.  He could hear them down the hall in the Ceramics studio through the crack in his door.  He couldn’t close it because then any student hoping to speak with him during office hours would be shit out of luck.  Maybe he wasn’t closing it because he wanted to listen, but he pushed that thought from his mind and resolved to do more work while ignoring the soft sounds of tentative flirting echoing down the hall.
“Castiel!  Cas!”  Dean shouted, clapping a firm hand against his wet face.  But he wasn’t waking up.  Shaking him by the shoulders, he rambled more to himself than anything, “C’mon, wake up, you dumb sonuvabitch!”  They were both entirely soaked to the bone and dripping water like a steady heartbeat onto the cement.  “Somebody call 9-1-1!”
“Oh, yeah. I’ll remember to save that for our next heart to heart,” he intoned. “Don’t worry, your secret’s safe with me.” With a snort, Castiel sat up and reached for his backpack, unzipping it to reveal a nearly depleted bottle of Dean didn't even know what. He regarded the bottle warily, glass glinting in the silver light.
“Shouldn’t we just lock him in the car or something?”  Meg proposed.
“Is he still sore?”
The sentiment should be comforting, but it does surprisingly little to ease him.  He flashes a quick smile and a fond swipe to Cas’ peach-fuzz as he passes him on the way over to the coffee maker.  He wonders to himself how long Cas has had that for anyway.
"Los Angeles, Cali- freakin'- fornia!"
"I miss you. It's not the same here without you."
Dean stood with the food in his hand, eyes wide and mouth open, staring at the couple in shock.
Cas smirked and leaned closer to him, dropping his voice low. "Are you working early tomorrow?"
Castiel lifted his head up and blinked at his boyfriend. The high schooler had his red and green striped helmet on and a duffel bag sling over his shoulder.
"Fine." He rummaged around in the bag and pulled out another twenty and a ten. "Now go so I can work on my tan."
Gabriel nodded. "She's right."
John Winchester let a out a yawn that turned into a loud belch. "Oh. Jesus Christ. Excuse me. Dean, is it your hope that if you ask me that enough I'll eject you from the car?"
The guy nodded. "My, uh, parents live across. Over there," he pointed to the chalet that Dean had saw him step out of earlier. "They wanted me to come over and ask how you guys are. They own this one. M-my name is Cas. Castiel, but Cas." He held out his hand and the Winchester shook it.
Jack sighed and stared down at the dark eyes of his Pokemon doll.
Jody pulled a small black bag out of his jacket pocket, and something flew out and bounced on the ground. Neither of the officers acknowledged that they saw it.
"Any last words? " Kevin stood in front of him, gun aiming at his heart.
"A bathroom,"  Castiel stated.
Dean stood in the doorway to his bedroom, Castiel's yoyo clutched in his hand.  He was watching as Cas put his clothes in his dresser. Cas refused to put dirty clothes in his duffel and always insisted on going to a laundromat before they came home from a hunt.
They were on their bed, kissing, which was great. Kissing Dean was one of Cas's favorite activities. Dean was lying down, Cas on top of him, and they were both down to their boxers; Dean in his Scooby and Shaggy pair and Castiel with his new ones that had Tree frogs on them.
Jack showed the Winchester each of the wooden yoyos. "This one is mine," a red squiggle was painted an each side, "and this is Cas's," a green shape Dean couldn't identify was painted on his.
"Jack," Dean hollered, making the boy jump, "right foot red."
"Not a real fan of the tone you have. It's almost like you think we'll do something to embarrass you."
Dean snored on.
Crying, he took off and looked for a nice human female.
He felt Cas's hands dip lower in his trunks, and Dean swallowed.
"I'm glad your slithery friend is in its' cage," Dean commented.
Castiel nodded. "It is called a hot tub."
Wordlessly, their son quickly got up and led the way to the door. Dean carried Claire, rubbing her back soothingly.
"What? What's wrong?"
"Halloween," Gabe piped up. "It was at a Hallowen party at a bar we go to. Castiel refused to dress up, he just wore a suit and trenchcoat. Kelly was a cowgirl and she told everyone he was John Constantine, not that he knows who that is."
"They do gross stuff, too?"
Gabriel, showered and dressed for the day, was heading out of the kitchen after grabbing his third candy cane. He bumped into Kelly in the doorway as she was propping it open with a rubber door stopper.
On Sunday morning, he'd woken up alone. Usually Cas waited until Dean woke up before leaving. He didn't make too big a deal of it, and after a bowl of Lucky Charms, he showered and dressed and decided to go out and buy him something for this scam of a holiday. He settled on a box of powdered donuts and a George Orwell book he had the cashier wrap.
Dean sighed loudly. "No, 'cause he is dad's doctor. Not mine. It's fine. It's not like he can get in trouble for seeing me." I'm pretty sure he can't, he thought.
"Oh. I thought tha- Dean never said you guys were serious. "
His dad handed him a twenty dollar bill.
Gabriel shook his head. "When he was certain he was getting close, some dude named Joshua showed up at the motel he was stayin' at and gave him a note from dear ol' daddy, tellin' him to fuck off. Gave up after that. Like I said, no b-"
*****
"Didn't think you had a problem with the male form."
Dean took a deep breath and, with Cas's help, walked up the steps and got into the hot tub, two feet away from the older man.
"Great!" He looked to somebody offscreen and turned the phone around. His wife, Eileen, and their kids, eight year old Elijah and six year old Magda came into view.
As Jake gently set the Impala down a few feet away from him, Jody flipped Al onto his stomach and wrestled his arms behind him to cuff his wrists, the man flopping and struggling and yelling in protest. She pulled him to a standing postion and pushed his legs apart with her foot.
Dean crossed his arms and pouted. "You don't think I'm adorable?"
She rolled her eyes and picked up her duffelbag from the ground. "I don't want to talk about it. Can we just go?" Without waiting for an answer, she got into the backseat of the Impala. She stayed quiet during the whole ride, lying her forehead against the window.
"He always tried to keep Dad away from the frozen section," Gabriel added. "So he couldn't get any ice cream or microwaveable pizza."
Castiel's face scrunched as he smiled wide at that, showing off the gums of his upper teeth. It was Dean's favorite smile, and everytime he made it appear a rush of pure serotonin flowed through him.
When they first started to have the discussion about having a baby, Dean had brought up the idea of hiring a nanny or asking one of his parents to come over and help out. Cas said it was unnecessary, since he worked from home anyway, building furniture and restoring rusty and broken items, so he wouldn't have to worry about missing work, and he could just do his own job while Dean was home and on the weekends.
He stared at each in turn. "I am at my limit."
Jack put the plates of food in front of them and smiled proudly. "Are you ready for your movie?"
"Th- I- Y-" Dean stammered. "That is not the issue, Mom. Y-you never even gave any of them a chance."
Cas shook his head. "It should be something that turns you off."
"Yes. See?" Cas showed Sam and Jack the daddy long legs standing in Cas's palm.
"What?" Claire laughed. "Seriously? My plan failed, nothing happened to him."
Mary waved a hand in Jo's general direction. "She's group chatting with her hockey team. Leave her alone."
"Yeah. Guess I did too... who knew? About your feelings for me?"
"Bitch," Dean shot at him, shoving him without force. "I'm only thirty. It was just talk, man. Where would I even go? Family business is where I belong."
"Who knows. Days, weeks, months. Forever."
"Sure!" Helen replied. "The more the merrier."
He shifted his feet. "Mick was the only one I hit though."
"That sounds lucky to me." Dean leaned forawrd and kissed him, and when it started to get a little heated, Cas pulled away. "Uhm, Greek yogurt."
"Jack," Cas muttered, eyes wide as he stared at his nephew.
"Bookstores," Sam chirped.
'Yeh kinda. If you're so unhapy about this, why didn't you aks Dean not to go? Or evn not to enter the contsst in the first place?'
Castiel held out his pen like a sword, jabbing it very close to his friend's face. "I mean it, I'll stab- fucking Christ!"
Grabbing some clothes from his bag, his toiletry kit, and a towel from the hallway closet, Cas went to take a shower. The hot water pulsed against his skin, and he used his own soap and washrag to clean himself. As he rubbed the shampoo into his hair, he spotted a little gray spider crawling up the wall, fast on its' eight little legs. He grinned, remembering how many times Dean had screamed over a bug.
"I don't know what those things are, but I know they shouldn't exist. "
The two men started to eat eachother's faces, and Miracle gagged. He jumped up next his daddy and dropped the ball on his lap.
"True," Castiel admitted. He gave the water dish a quick wash in the sink and dried it with a paper towel.
"Gr-great."
Cas looked at him, horrified. "You absolutely will not. Just go, we'll be fine."
"They don't have be here physically," he touched his heart and patted it twice. "They're in here."
"Just take it outside," Sam suggested. "And stop being a goddman crybaby."
Kaia sniffed the air. "Smells like cookies in here."
"I have a name," Dean said, annoyed.
Cas rubbed at Dean's hands clasped on his stomach. "That sounds like a nice idea, but we really need to get everything ready. Maybe tonight."
"Wh- no!" Dean whined, hanging onto the freezer door. "It's my weekly reward for eating healthy."
She shrugged.  "It's what girlfriends do for their boyfriends."
"How do you know Dean, anyway? He never said."
Dean nodded at her. "Hey."
"Yeah." He grinned. "You're talking to me, aren't you? I'd say it was a good idea."
As Gabe watched Dean watch him walk to the house, Gabriel said, "You should go say goodbye too. Especially to Jack."
Just as Cas had started thrusting into him, the doorknob started rattling.
Castiel chuckled. "Alright. No more of that then."
Dean was startled when the door opened; his shoe scraped against the gravel beneath him. A man a few years older than him came out, holding a giggling baby in his arms. He swallowed and felt his face grow hot when the guy locked eyes with him. Even from a distance Dean could see his pretty face. He smiled at Dean and waved.
“Like a baby,” Dean replies with as much enthusiasm as his sleep deprived, sore body can muster.  He clearly isn’t above a good, old-fashioned white lie.
,” Charlie groaned, unceremoniously dropping into the seat across the table and shoveling a spoonful of frozen yogurt into her face.
“You know my answer is still no.”
“I’m gonna--” he prefaced and Castiel just gripped his hips and swallowed harder.  And Dean came hot and hard down the back of his throat and Castiel swallowed all of it before Dean was clutching the hinges of his jaw to yank him back up for another lazy excuse for a kiss.  All tongue and loose lips more than anything else.
He popped the cap on the lube and squirted too much on his fingers, but he didn’t care.  He reached behind, wiggled two fingers inside himself in an attempt to be thorough, but decided he couldn’t take much more waiting.  He lubed up Dean’s cock with the excess and scooted himself further up into Dean’s lap.
“That ain’t the story I heard from Ash.”
Balthazar let out a sharp laugh and gripped onto the back of his jacket.  “No, we’re going to have fun tonight, I promise.  Just you wait!”
“How can you know who I am or what I want?” Dean grits out.  “I don’t even know you.”
Bobby hummed on the line.  “Well, boy, sure is good to hear from you.”
“Funny, Dean.”  She took a deep breath to calm herself and maybe to still the churning in her stomach.  “I was comin’ back to give Chuck another order.  I wasn’t plannin’ on losing my lunch back here.”
Dean was already wrapped up in the comforter again, clutching at the dregs of warmth Castiel had left in his wake.  “Mmh,” he hummed into the pillow.  Castiel approximated this was a form of ‘thank you’.
“I’m not gay!” he quickly defended.
“Yeah, and why should I believe you?”
Sam edges closer to the woman, not wanting to spook her any more than she already is.  “My name is Sam and we came to save you, we’re here to help, but we also need your help too.”
Castiel stifled his breathing and gave the man a polite nod as he shifted his drink to his other hand.  They shook.  His palm was warm and dry.  The other man, Mick, smiled imploringly, until Castiel realized that was his cue to speak.  “Oh, um, Castiel.”
The guy considered it, but shook his head.  “I’ve never read it, but that’s not how it works.  You can’t just decide.”
The floor couldn’t be made of lava, he tried to reason with himself.  Crowley must be lying to him because he knew somewhere that was impossible.  Floors couldn’t be made of lava.  He’d almost convinced himself of it, except when he looked at the wooden slats of the floor they moved like a mirage and he was almost as sure that he saw one of them boil and burst out the corner of his eye; he just couldn’t catch it.   And he was suddenly hyper aware of just how many people were in this room with him right now, but the funny thing was, they weren’t even people.  Not really.  Their faces were too long and their eye sockets were too gaunt.  Some of them were bone and drinking cups of blood and there were teeth coming out of their skulls and they were cackling and grinding on one another and Castiel was starting to think it wasn’t really funny at all.  That this Here was a lot different than the other Here.
“Well, I’m not planning on changing anytime soon.”
Dean couldn't care less about whatever demented motive that witch had for doing whatever the hell they were doing.  The witch is dead and so is the monster and they even got a survivor out of the whole ordeal so the rest could be someone else’s problem.
Why go home when he didn’t want to be alone?  The night wasn’t even over yet!
“Sam, there’s always tomorrow.  I think it would be best to let Dean rest tonight,” Cas says.  His words are commanding, but when his eyes meet Dean’s they’re still rife with concern.  “I’m sure after that, Dean will be ready to discuss the case…”  His words linger between them as he glances back to Dean, air growing heavy with implication.  And of course, Dean is picking up what Cas is putting down.  He’s not stupid.  But Dean would be pretty satisfied never to discuss any of this again.  If only life were that easy.
Halfway through pacing the living room, another fuzzy memory emerged.  A hand snaking into his pocket.  Warm breath whispering into his ear.  “Call me.”  He directed his feet towards his bedroom and they found their way to his closet.  Pulling it open, he shuffled around a few hangers until he found his leather motorcycle jacket towards the back of the closet.  Sure enough, located in the pocket was a folded tissue with a neatly printed phone number written on it.  The name ‘Dean’ scrawled above it.  If there were any shred of hope left that his mind was playing tricks on him, this seemingly innocent tissue squandered it.  Castiel held it contemplatively, idly pondering over unrealistic possibilites, before snapping himself out of it.
This was the first time Dean wouldn’t be there for the bad ones and that feeling of guilt was gnawing at him more than it ever had, but that was its own can of worms entirely, and certainly not one that Aaron or Charlie needed to crack open, so he decided to stuff his face in lieu of talking.
“You know, I used to watch humanity and think to myself how arbitrary it all seemed,” Cas begins pensively. “That it was just pure chance when you discovered fire or utilized tools. I thought, God asked us to serve you, but I had questions even then,” he says, smiling fondly at the question in Dean’s touch. “But then the strangest things began to happen. You invented language. Art. Poetry. Love. Where it might have been chance before, it became more than that. Where there was seemingly little, suddenly life had purpose. It had meaning. That’s how I felt the first time I touched your soul.” He smiles then, finally gaining the courage to meet Dean’s eyes in that way that cuts him off at the knees. “I didn’t know it then, but you were changing me from the moment that we met.”
“I know you don’t want to talk about it. We don’t have to yet,” Sam assures. He goes to sit on Dean’s bed and gestures for Castiel to follow suit. Castiel stands by Sam as Sam continues, “but I need you to tell us what happened Dean. Why any of it?”
Dean frowns now. He figures that answered his question enough. He shakes his head, giving Sam a dirty look before his little brother vanishes again, “forget it, Cas. You didn’t answer my question earlier. Is Cas short for something?”
“Guess so,” she says with a smirk, hands on her waist. Isaac and Zach raise their eyebrows at Dean. Dean shakes his head.
“Look, I— I know. I get that,” Dean gives him a look that is actually begging. “You just— look, come with me. Come see tío Bobby with me.”
Dean frowns at the guy, but he’s really not in the mood to argue with some random he’s never gonna see again. He’s got to live it up for Sam. It is his little brother’s birthday. He gives the guy a final, judging expression, and heads back inside.
Bobby helps him get back into the groove of things. They work through the rest of the case as much as they can, the one that has Dean at the centre of it. He goes on a series of new adventures, some related to cases that Bobby sends him on, and others not so much. Visits to certain doctors and money slipped under certain tables on certain days, and well, neither he nor Bobby comment as his voice begins to get deeper.
Jess gives him a confused expression and then looks over at Sam. Sam gives her a tight smile and says, “sorry, Jess.”
“No,” Sam responds, his eyebrows furrowing into a glare. “You can’t be fucking serious. I’m not going anywhere with you. I’m two years into law school, I’ve got a job at a firm. I’ve got a
Dean can ignore it at times, for long periods of time, even, but when he’s sitting alone in another damp motel room, suffocating on the stillness and the illusion of time soaked with blood, the tension in his stomach manages to rise into his throat. It chokes him as it expels from his pores, his eyes, his mouth, threatening to overtake him in his entirety. And Dean has no way of fighting back. He can only sit there and shake violently at the sobs that rack through him, at the tears that come until they can no longer fall.
Their arrangement is strange, but nobody questions anything when a sixteen year old pulls up to a motel counter and says her dad is mute. It doesn’t matter that the girl in question is naturally tan, has curly dark hair, dark eyes with clearly non-white features, and that her so-called dad is the whitest man imaginable. Dean lets her shower first, she gets to choose what food they order in,
John leans down and presses a weak kiss to his son’s forehead. And then John turns and steps out of the room.
“Okay. Very helpful. I don’t even know your name, man. Every time you have me pay for a new motel the card you give me has a different name,” she says as they reach the car.
“We will” Cas said before he nodded at the demon. It seemed the air was briefly filled with unsaid words, terrible promises between them, and it seemed blood red eyes met bright blue ones, and then it was gone and Cas gave Dean a last look to gather his strength, before they both stepped through the door and it closed with a roll of thunder behind them.
“You won’t take him from me” he said, his eyes growing darker, grace ragging inside him.
“Goodbye, Dean”, throat aching, tears scorching.
''I didn't know you had a brother...'' Castiel starts, already knowing the answer behind Dean's distraught look.
“Stop, stop it's cold!” he begs as Castiel has a satisfied smile, shaking the snow from his head, his wings spreading on his sides like long tears of ice above Dean's head.
“Just great” Dean comments “I guess I could ask you to bring it back to me?”
''Dean.'' Castiel insists, and the demon stops. ''If you go, they'll catch you and...'' He stops, shaking slightly. Dean notices he is really pale, looking weaker than in his memories. Castiel breathes deeply and his eyes are old, serious. ''They're coming after me too.''
And of course, his daughter arrived. Tessa had her mother's sunny blonde hair and her father's eyes, somewhere between the blue and the green. But she had something else, something that was stricking him in his chest each time. Something in her reminded him of Dean, and he couldn't explain it. Maybe it was her wide, bright smile or her loud laugh, or the pale freckles covering her nose and cheeks. Maybe it was the way she would fall asleep her nose buried in Gunner's fur, or her unconditional love for pies, or maybe that sharp sense of humor Dean always had. As if it wasn't enough, Sam will always remember when she first discovered the Impala in the garage. It was as she fell in love with it, her wide open eyes covering the car with awe, her little hands caressing the glossy surface.
“Yes- Yes. What?”
Cas laughed, soft lines appearing around his eyes. “Yes, I will teach you. But even without my help, the tiniest cut would hurt any monster. It was forged especially to fight evil.”
Some things were easy for them, such as the shooting range. Dean was obviously very good with a gun, and Cas had incredible precision with the small darts meant to pop colorful balloons. A few minutes and they had won several gifts for Jack, leaving beaming under the stallholders’ confused looks. A travel back to the locker and their hands were free again.
