But were they doomed now before they even had a chance to begin? The same fate that befall Orpheus and Eurydice would become them too. Orpheus’ inability to look forward, doubting that his love would behind him as they exited from the depths of Tartarus cost him his wife. Would Steve’s decision to reopen the wounds of the past, to tell Tony the truth, cost them their future together?
“Excellent. Prep the jet, bud. We’re going to the Rainbow state.”
“Tony, you smell different.” Steve whispered, pressing his nose into Tony’s neck and leaving small chaste kisses on his mate’s neck.
Peter nodded, “
Tony turned around from his position at the holo-deck, manipulating what looked to be a 3D projection of Clint’s bow. Steve’s face must have looked a sight, as Tony looked alarmed at his entrance.
Joe hoped against all hopes that his pale Irish skin, courtesy of Papa, wasn’t betraying how much Jamie was affecting him.
“Tony Stark, why didn’t you tell me that you’re going into the witness protection program?” Stacy asked. She had spent the most amazing week she ever had in O’ahu. At first, Stacy was unenthused to be going solo on a vacation she supposed to be going with her then-fiance Greg. Greg, who got cold feet in the middle of wedding preparations, and asked for the ring back. Since the honeymoon trip had been planned, she saw no point in asking for a refund and went by herself in this trip meant for two. Meeting Tony Stark in a local bar was the highlight of her trip. The charming billionaire showed her an amazing week in O’ahu, both in and out of bed. Now their week together was over. Standing together at the harbor where they decided to take a walk after brunch, she asked if they could keep in touch but he dropped this bombshell on her.
Papa’s face turned from concerned to understanding,“Well, I hope you’ll feel better soon, buddy. It always saddens me whenever you or one of your brothers get sick.”
But right now Steve was taking care of Joe, and that ain’t the way it’s supposed to be. Joe realized that the time for grieving is over. He would always miss Sarah, and she might be gone, but a piece of her lived on in Steve. Joe still had Steve. And he always would until the day he died.
What do you think about this chapter? Please let me know!
“For all I know, you did it.”
It wasn’t the worst movie night they ever had. And hey, Steve breaking the coffee table kinda counted as an agility exercise for his hand, and Thor got to have Bruce’s attention on him for the remainder of the night. It was pretty much a win-win situation for them all.
But Peter was neither "remarkable", nor has the potential to become "something more".
“No, it isn’t. You meet him, hang out, flirt, no commitment, nobody gets hurt.”
Tony looked up disbelievingly at Quill, “He’s got brain damage, you psycho!”
Nick decided he’ll take the silence for a yes.
“Except the real reason you didn’t hear anything was because the gunshot was muffled with something.” Steve elaborated. Just then, Tony’s phone rang, showing Nick calling him.
“Tony! Tony! Tony! Wake up, Tony! It’s just a dream!” Steve was roused awake by the shaking and the whimpers he could feel coming from Tony. Next to him, Tony was curled up on his side, still nude from their love making and his face contorted in misery. Steve tried to wake him up, to shake his lover out of his nightmare by shouting at him. He had learned the hard way not to touch anyone who was battle trained during the throes of nightmare. But Tony wasn’t waking up, and Steve couldn’t bear to see him suffer longer.
“What? What do you mean?”
“Right. But here in the real world, when do we get our tech guys back?” Steve leaned back in his seat.
“Yup. Table 11.”
“Why do you care?” Steve countered.
“I left him behind, Tony. when you collapsed, I panicked and-- I had tunnel vision, the only thing that mattered was getting you some help and I left him behind in my studio. What kind of father would ever do that, Tony? He was alone.” Steve reached out to caress Ulysses’ head. The boy, feeling Steve’s hand, caressing his head, turned around to look at his father and smiled, offering a piece of beef he was chewing to Steve, which he took indulgently.
“Yes, darling. Papa’s smiling now. You made Papa smile.”
“Okay, okay, I’m at a hackathon! The midterms were too easy, it’s boring. I need something to distract myself with. These people can’t code their way out of a wet paper bag sober, and they’re supposedly here to study computer science.”
“Sweet.” Clint clapped his hands together in glee, “this is gonna be a good day after all.” he grinned at Tony.
A sound of a camera clicking and snapping a picture drew their attention from Ulysses and to Clint who was grinning madly from his position on the floor, the polaroid camera that he got from Natasha for Christmas in his hand. The camera spat out the paper and Clint snapped it and started to waved it to develop the film. After he was satisfied with the result, he gave the polaroid picture to Tony, winking, “You’re welcome.”
Bucky smiled deprecatingly, “Not gonna tell me that ‘none of this is my fault’?”
“Johnny Storm? From Fantastic Four?” Steve quirked an eyebrow in confusion, “Really?”
“Because then we can finally be the Powerpuff Girls!” Ulysses cheered, lifting his hands up high in the air.
“Not what we did last night?” Tony waggled his eyebrows outrageously.
Look at those two shitheads
JR: peter threw me under the bus and told my parents that we’re dating
Ulysses and Peter who were sitting next to him at breakfast looked incredulously at him, eyes wide in fear. Their Papa never swore unless it was very much warranted. Steve tried to do the breathing exercises his therapist from the post-thawing days had taught him, but it was failing miserably to curb his temper at the shitshow that was their family vacation. “Fine. Fine, I’m coming to bail you out.”
“Steve! When did you get home?”
When he got home, Clint, Thor and Sam were in the middle of throwing a party in the penthouse common room. They managed to obtain green beers and judging by the mugs around the room, they had been at it for awhile. And it’s not even 12 PM yet…
“This is my studio.” Steve motioned for Tony to enter after him.
Tony smiled softly, reverently at him. He thought Tony looks happy to be back home, and he felt how happy Tony was from the hardness currently nestled along his hip. “Do you love me?” Tony asked, his hazel brown eyes shining with mischief.
Taking a deep breath, Clint said, “Cap, we have a situation.”
“I keep getting nauseated whenever I look at the counter.” Tony explained, “something’s not right up here.”
“Be glad you’re a pasty Brit albino, Jarv.” Sit Well told him. Jarvis furrowed his brow at the non-sequitur. Fury exasperatedly rolled his eye.
Anthony looked pensive for a moment. Steven might have only known him for a short time, but he was starting to learn what the different expressions on Anthony’s face was. This one, the spaced out, faraway, introspective look, meant that he was analyzing the situation and would soon have an epiphany, “When you think about everything that has to occur, exactly the way it was supposed to occur and at the exact moment to lead to our encounter, do you still think this is a coincidence, my love?”
Tony’s eyes scanned the food on the counter. So the food wasn’t making him nauseous, but something was. As his eyes landed on the boba in Natasha’s drink, that lightheadedness he usually associated with motion sickness came back. Tony quickly averted his eyes away from it, and his gaze landed on the fruit bowl, specifically on the oranges. When he saw them, he started heaving.
Bucky reached into his suit pocket to retrieve a sheaf of paper and placed it on the table between them, “He met with Killian over a dozen times. Over seventy phone calls in the past three weeks. How many times a day you talk to him?”
“Go Giants,” James muttered, not pausing in his reps.
“Okay I’ll give you that one.” Quill conceded.
“But the food’s right here, Steve,” Tony pouted, “Mini Cap and I are starving.”
Here it goes. Tony thought.
Thank you everyone who have read and gave kudos to this work. I'm a new writer and your feedback means a lot to me :)
Jameson Wilde. Jamie. The heir to Ulysses’ legacy at Midtown High School and the bane of Joe’s existence. Joe was still deciding whether that was a good thing or bad thing.
“Hmph, you wish, Barton.” Tony then turned to leave the room and speaking to Ulysses, “
Tony always thought he was well past the age of taking naps. But having an active three year-old son and a newborn baby sapped all the energy out of him. So when the boys were down for their naps, Tony made the strategic decision to take a nap with them too. To be clear, he didn’t actually set out to take a nap, but the carpeted floor of the nursery was so comfortable. He was just lying there after putting Ulysses and Joe in their respective cribs, intending to get a fifteen minute shuteye before working on the pile of paperwork Pepper had just foisted on him. But the fifteen minute shuteye turned to a three hour nap. When he woke up, Joe wasn’t in his crib anymore and before he could panic, JARVIS was quick to inform him that “Captain Rogers has arrived home and Young Master Joseph is currently in the living room doing baby calisthenics”. Ulysses was still sleeping soundly in his crib, but Tony should probably wake him up if he wanted the boy to have a full eight hours sleep tonight.
Steve kept his eyes trained on Tony’s birth canal, seeing the head of their newest son started to crown. “He’s crowning, Tony. Just a couple more push, sweetheart.”
“Could HYDRA have sent Rumlow?” Tony asked the detectives.
“Um, could you repeat that? And slower, please.”
aren’t looking. It’s like a really frustrating game of hide and go seek.”
And the man of Anthony’s dreams was standing next to a...winged horse? What on earth? Anthony blinked a couple times to make sure what he was seeing was correct. Did Cetus actually already came and devoured him and he was in Elysium, and this man and his flying horse was a figment of his imagination?
“Buck, somebody put this guy on Tony.” Steve said to his brother as they settled in the open seats on the diner’s counter. Bucky looked at him pityingly, “What?”
“I do.”
“Hmm, I see your derivatives and raise it to differential equations.” Tony said, giving him a chaste kiss on the lips.
Tony gladly relinquished breakfast duty to his mate and sat down at the breakfast counter, savoring his only cup of coffee for the day per Steve’s mandate. Steve took out the warmed up puree for Ulysses and started to feed the boy. Seeing Steve being so domestic and tender and loving towards their son never fail to bring a smile to his face. Soon, they would have another child to shower their love and affection to. Tony couldn’t wait.
“Me.” Tony deduced. Natasha’s silence was more than enough of a confirmation.
“That’s a damn good question, brother.” Bucky remarked. The two brothers lapsed into silence, poignantly emphasized by the unflinching eye staring contest the two were involved in. Tony decided to defuse the situation by sharing an information of his own. He reached into the pocket of his blazer to take out the napkin Natasha gave to him earlier in the day and placed it on the table for everyone to see.
But deep down inside, Peter finally felt like he found his niche. He finally found his purpose. Sure, the way he got there was non-conventional, but it felt as if his whole life led to this moment. Really, with Tony Stark and Steve Rogers as parents there was no way he would have turn out any other way. A lifetime of listening to his parents telling him and his siblings that they need to put the needs of others above their own self interests, that they have an obligation to help others to the best of their abilities and that in times of conflicts, doing nothing and staying neutral was empowering the oppressor, it was only natural that Peter ended up using his newfound powers the way he did.
“I’m here, baby. I got you. I’m gonna make you feel so good, Tony.” Steve answered. And he started moving. At first, he kept his thrusts slow and deep, angling his hips to make sure he kept hitting Tony’s prostate. The small gasps and hitched breathing he drew from Tony letting him know he’s pleasing his mate. They traded slow, deep kisses all the while, loath to have even an inch of their bodies not touching each other. Steve felt Tony’s legs tightening their hold around his waist. He started to pick up the pace, wanting to bring Tony some more pleasure.
doing here? What are
Yeah okay, he didn’t handle it well at all. Hopefully he got lucky and Jamie decided not to do or say anything to him tomorrow at school.
“No.” Tony petulantly wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. Steve chuckled and Tony felt a large hand ran through his hair and lips pressed to his forehead before he was moved to the side of his bed to continue his slumber. Steve took a look at the alarm clock on his bedside table, noting that it was only 15 minutes to 7. That meant Tony had only been sleeping for a little over one hour from the time he got home. His mate deserved some rest.
Clint nodded. He hadn't thought of that. The idea was sobering. The likelihood of Loki reversing the damage he'd done seemed low. "Well, there's no getting him to volunteer for that, is there? Except maybe getting his brother to 'convince' him. Wherever he is," he added, glancing out the cafeteria's big glass windows as if he might spot the god descending from the clouds at any moment. Clint tossed his napkin on his tray and leaned back with a sigh. His gaze drifted back to Phil. He kept turning over in his head the way the man had been acting the past two days: more controlling, more protective, more demanding... //He's just stressed. We all are.//
Memories of those times seemed like yesterday, not decades ago, and it perplexed Bucky that Agent Coulson viewed him as some kind of hero, especially considering he'd been accused of horrible crimes he couldn't properly remember. Still, he mustered another faint smile and thanked Coulson for the thought. "As long as I'm not asked to make a speech or anything. I'll leave that to Steve. He was always much better at it."
"I want to feel you," Steve groaned. He loved the look on Tony's face. That alone was worth the price of admission. Steve dragged the man down into another kiss. The heated embrace helped him to forget how odd it felt to be stretched open by Tony's finger. He shook off the tension and relaxed instead, opening himself up to the invasion. "Ready for more," he finally murmured against Tony's lips.
When the door opened, Steve found himself face to face with shelves of weapons and technology that made the usual SHIELD store rooms like like child's play. "And we're supposed to find it in here?"
"I've got a tall, blue-eyed, blonde drink of water with me and you think there's any hope of not getting noticed?" Tony offered his partner a wink and squeezed Steve’s hand in return. "At least they've got technology now. No more getting a giant camera rammed up your nose. Usually, anyway. There was this time I was in Russia and-" The waiter arriving with their food and two glasses of wine interrupted him.
Loki let his head fall back at the sensation. The hint of pain was slight, but enough to make his heart pound faster. Normally he might have insisted on more, but there was something rather lovely about the languid pace they'd set so far. He hated to muddy the waters when he could get a fast, hard, dirty fuck just as well from Creed with no manipulation needed. Better to let the night be something different. "It is pleasant to know that your mouth is good for more than just talking." When Loki looked back down at the man, his usually chilly blue eyes were a darker shade of midnight blue. "We'll have to test that further later."
"Did he... does... has anybody told him what happened?" Scott looked sick and ashamed. The arms wrapped around the knees drawn against his chest tightened. Scott felt every last muscle in his body tense as he waited for an answer. Logan would hate him. How could he not?
"And a phobia for flying," Clint noted. The man had spent too much of his career surviving on his ability to read people to not notice Logan's nervousness, subtle though the tells were.
"Have you met me? Maybe we should take that big A off the building..."
Scott swallowed hard. He didn't want to believe that because it would also mean the safest thing would be to get away from his lover. "We're a fucking mess. Let's just... let's do this." If he let himself get lost in Logan's embrace, Scott wasn't sure his willpower would hold out. He shakily rise from the bed and stumbled into the bathroom to get at least vaguely clean.
“Oh, you know,” he says roughly, and he gulps down the water Dummy brings him eagerly. When he speaks again, the words don’t cut his throat with broken edges. “Terrible.”
, Steve.”
they had.
If his body is transferred to the pod quickly enough, it might even be preserved, held back from death, but Tony doesn’t hope for that too hard. He’s seen the way things have been going, lately.
And, well, Steve wasn’t a very good dancer most of the time, he knew that, but he did have very precise combat reflexes, and Tony was a force of nature. Steve might not be able to match him, but he could sure as hell keep up, shifting and twisting out of Tony’s way, angling his body into the spaces Tony left for him. Before long the footwork felt easy, natural, and they were moving
For a moment, the only sound was their too-heavy breathing and the more distant movements of their comrades, giving them space. Hold and release. Hold and release. Tony met Steve’s eyes again.
“Neither do I,” he said. “I don’t understand this hardly at all, isn’t that something? Super-genius super-scientist, that’s me, and I don’t have a clue, Steve. What I know is that there’s some magic in this armor, and that I put it there, but I don’t know how I did it, and I can’t even think too hard about it or it’ll stop working. See, magic works by belief, for me. The more I believe the stronger it gets, as far as I can tell, but it’s… it’s not easy for me. I’m too skeptical, even of things I know.”
The days are okay, at first.
“You really scared me for a moment there,” Tony said, with false lightness and a real smile. “I thought you were about to give some epic letdown speech, heh.”
That moment felt like their first touch, like somehow the overblown kiss to the back of Steve’s hand hadn’t counted; only
Tony didn’t let him into the workshop the next day, and Steve couldn’t even pretend to himself that he didn’t know exactly why. He went away feeling hot behind his eyes and wishing he’d never given in to the stupid urge to kiss Tony in the first place.
“No, hey, it’s me, okay? I’m… I’m really damn clever, actually, and I’ve had kind of a lot of sex. You keep my arms down low, you don’t lean in even when you rut against me. I figured it out. And I really don’t mind, honest. Whatever you need.”
“I was ready ten minutes ago,” Tony laughed. His cock gave a small but very visible twitch; the
,” he said. “I’m more of a punching things kind of guy.”
what Steve was trying to do now. Steve was abruptly both ashamed and grateful.
Ever since the serum, Steve has been an object of scrutiny for all kinds of parties with all kinds of interests— romantic, military, and otherwise. He wonders if it’s just his guilty conscience that makes him feel like they’re judging him rather than approving him now.
But Steve was meant to be leading, here, showing Tony the ropes, so to speak, so he started them both on a slow, careful rhythm, to let Tony adjust to the greater diameter. Once Tony had relaxed into it, Steve guided him to his own prostate, just slightly deeper than was easy for the angle of his hand.
, but he could be charming. Handsome. He tried again, and it looked… good enough, he figured. If he stood here all day smiling at himself in a mirror he’d never be able to get out and do what he’d planned.
let his friends, or former friends, or whatever they are to him now, get hurt because of him. They’ve been hurt enough because of Ross, because of the Raft, because of Tony himself. No more. However bitter he is, however little he likes them in his lowest moments—he
“You’re—“
“Do you think you could help me with something?” Tony said, sounding uncharacteristically hesitant.
But the other man seemed no more put off by the dryness than he had by the formalism. He seemed positively delighted, in fact, and the expression made him somehow both older and more open. His eyes were sparkling.
“I missed you,” Tony said quietly. There was something tentative in his face, like he was gearing up to say something big. “You’re my best friend, I had to say no, but it’s not because I don’t
The same way he cares about
Some part of his mind, lodged in the real world and distanced from the scenario, understands that he’s come to identify the
, does that make sense? I want to try it with you.” He bottomed out and leaned over, their shirts brushing, his hips snug against Steve’s pelvis. His voice was going breathy. “Is it good?”
Enough that somewhere in the midst of a sleep-deprived and half-starved night of work, Tony can look at the heavily edited and improved copy of the Sokovia Accords on his desk and think
Not to Brooklyn, though.
And, of course, there was that minor matter of international security and state secrets. Steve would be keeping his shirt on, too.
“I didn’t know, but I’ll help you make it right. There are still Hydra cells out there, Hydra bases like this one; you and I can find them, and take them out together. They’ve taken so much from both of us,” Steve says, and his eyes are full of all his grief for the time that was taken from him, and all the people he lost.
He goes down the list. Friends, and threats. The AI will learn most of this from the Avengers’ database, but there are things that never go into reports. How he trusts Carol to the bone, and how they share the awful thirst at the core of themselves. How he works with Namor, but never trusts him more than he has to. How he finds an odd camaraderie with James Barnes, sharing a best friend for such a long time.
“You know, Tony, I thought I’d be glad to know you still cared about me, after… what happened between us.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Simmons nodded and tied a band around his arm, carefully finding a vein. Putting the concoction directly into Steve's bloodstream should speed the process. It would move through him more efficiently and find whatever serum was left. "I'd recommend wearing looser pants with a belt that you can adjust, shirts with a bit of room... As I said, we aren't sure of the timeline. Ideally I would say it should take a day or two, but-"
Scott knew he'd be a mess of bruises and hickeys the next day. The thought aroused him more than troubled him, though. Scott groaned at the thought. He'd be marked. He opened his mouth to tell Logan how good it felt and only succeeded in gasping as Logan drove hard into him. Every thrust slammed hard into just the right spot. It was a perfect kind of torture. Release loomed, and Scott just managed to groan, "So close," as he fought the urge to hold back for just a moment longer.
"No talk, then," Loki agreed, swallowing as Clint stalked closer, the hammer still held tightly in his hands. There wasn't much time left to convince them not to kill him, let alone anything else. "Let me show you."
Steve arched an eyebrow. That was either a recipe for disaster or an outright lie. He found it difficult to picture someone who could be as offended by the idea of being controlled as Tony Stark. It was nothing short of a miracle that he managed to keep in line as often as he did. "And Director Fury actually read his file?" Steve asked with obvious skepticism. Of course he had. The man had summoned Steve down himself - well, via Agent Hill, but it still counted - and the blond sighed. "Alright, it looks like we have a plane to catch. If Fury wants him in spite of all this, he has to be something pretty special. He couldn't help wondering why Fury wasn't sending Natasha. The redhead could talk most men into doing anything she wanted. //He really must be a tough sell.//
Fury looked like he was certain he was slowly going sane in an insane world. "I don't remember walking through any funhouse mirrors this morning. Rogers! Please, say something that makes sense."
"And important. We have three agents - three important agents - who need to be back in the field. We have to get them there," Coulson reminded her despite appreciating the enthusiasm. "We need all four of you doing everything you know how to do to try and find a way to harness whatever the hell it is this thing actually does."
"I have no intention of wearing his face whenever you desire it, Mr. Stark. While I prefer that my bedmates enjoy their time as much as I do, that simply isn't reasonable," Loki pointed out, face betraying nothing as he continued to caress Tony's skin idly. "We all need comfort from time to time, and since you may be with me for a good, long while... well, there's no point in being cruel all the time, is there?" With the illusion gone, Loki found himself watching the shifting color of his own skin as much as gazing at Tony's. "I'm not a monster."
Logan raised an eyebrow as if to say "make me," teasing Scott with shallow thrusts for a few moments before finally stroking his fingers across his lover's prostate once more. He moaned softly as he watched Scott writhe in pleasure, giving the man just enough time to calm himself before sliding his fingers over the sensitive spot once more. "Fuck, yes," he breathed, his own cock throbbing anxiously.
Tony groaned as Logan's every forward thrust seemed to drive his cock further down Steve's throat. "G... God, you're good at this," he panted, his legs tensing and his free hand tangling in the bed sheets as he struggled for some kind of control. He knew he wouldn't last long; the whole situation was too intense for him to maintain any sort of restraint.
Not sure of what he was doing or why he was doing it, Loki stalked down the hall to Creed's room and knocked firmly on the mutant's door. It was a small sign of respect, but one he knew he needed considering what he was about to ask.
"Good philosophy," Tony murmured, grinning faintly. His hand slid into Steve's pants, tracing the outline of the man's burgeoning erection before slipping into his underwear and giving the length a firm stroke. His own arousal spiked and was simultaneously forgotten in the face of thinking about how good Steve was going to look when Tony finally got around to sucking him off. "Now... I'm trying to remember... What was it we had plans to do right now?" He knew he was being a complete tease, but Steve made an easy and adorable target.
"Yeah... Fair enough." A good romp would probably help clear his head. It sure beat the hell out of sitting around, staring at a wall. "Catch ya later."
"You're staying clear of Magneto, right?" Bruce asked, smirking a little when he drew a glare. He wiped the smile off his face quickly, though, nodding. "At least a few of us could go with you. We're pretty thin on manpower, but I'd definitely say myself and Logan could follow along." He didn't like it, but he was starting to have fewer and fewer compunctions about charging into battle.
Tony finally drew away from the kiss. It was a little hard to concentrate with the others bickering around them, anyway. Besides, he had promised to vouch for Loki. "Look, he didn't kill me. And believe me, he could have." He took a deep breath. He knew that what he was about to say might well just result in everyone questioning his sanity rather than the intended effect. "He surrendered, he called off the Brotherhood, he made sure I didn't die, and he's the only one that can make sure that Legolas over there doesn't spend the rest of his life in the Fridge, so how about we maybe take him back to the Tower and debrief him?" He glanced at Loki. It was striking how vulnerable the god looked, unarmed and without his helmet and looking at Sif like she was the end of the line.
Scott let out a breath of relief. He wasn't thrilled about having a bow leveled at him, but he wasn't going to protest either. It was probably a good idea. Definitely a good idea. "Good. That's good. I was going to go with him, but it didn't... it didn't necessarily seem like the best plan." Scott looked up and met Clint's gaze. "I'm not going to try to kill you. That I'm aware of anyway. But I do think we should probably talk. There may be one or two things Logan left out of his report."
"You can't see yourself." Natasha didn't say anything more, though the man's pallor terrified her. They couldn't afford to lose Steve. The team needed him on a lot of levels. "You need to rest."
Loki laughed out loud. "You might be surprised," he deadpanned before looking to Creed. "I'm afraid I did promise to return her in mostly good condition. I just need her friends to miss her... and perhaps to find a thing or two in her mental filing cabinet."
The man's golden gaze cut down toward her. "I do."
Coulson reached out and grabbed for Scott's wrist, watching him flinch at the touch. He pushed the sleeve up and arched an eyebrow at the darkening bruises. "Logan would normally do this?" he asked quietly. It didn't take a verbal answer to know what Scott was thinking as he let go again. "You aren't in this alone, and we aren't looking for a reason to give Logan trouble. Agent Barton was compromised, but there aren't many people alive that I trust more. This isn't all or nothing. It just means we have things to watch for."
Steve smiled as their lips parted again, holding Tony's face gently in his hands. He could see everything Tony didn't know how to say and felt his heart flutter in his chest. "Y'know how I warned you I could get used to this? I think maybe I already have." Even if they were at times almost painfully different and decades apart, they fit. They evened each other out. He stole another kiss. Steve took it as far as he dared without risking Tony's stitches and his own tenuous self control. "You have no idea the things I'm gonna do to you once you've got a clean bill of health..."
Tony didn't have the strength to fight. He wanted to puke. Or scream. Or both. "T-take me to... Follow." He couldn't put a real sentence together.
Darien blushed and rubbed the back of his neck. "Fresh pot. Help yourself."
Steve shifted a little in his seat to force himself to pay attention and offered a flicker of a smile when Tony's gaze wandered in his direction. Maybe he didn't understand all of the concepts Tony was describing about renewable energy, but he still recognized that his friend was holding a room full of great minds rapt.
"First..." Tony pulled Steve against him, burying his face in soft blonde hair and holding him tight. "This may be a little clingy, but I missed you." It had been hard enough being away from Steve when the man was nearly invincible. Knowing how vulnerable he was now, Tony hated being away from his lover for even a second. Tony finally made himself let go of the blonde and smiled down at him. "I've eaten. But I'd be willing to make you something."
"Should work. Vodka and chocolate - she likes the dark stuff that's barely sweet," Steve pointed out. He nuzzled in close to Tony and kissed his lips softly only to leave off to take another sip of wine. They weren't in a hurry. For just one night they were pretending that they had forever. They had the life they were trying to plan together. Steve let himself live in that moment, let the fuzzy warmth of the alcohol take him over as he melted against Tony's side. "I love the moments like this. We need lots and lots of moments like this."
Logan groaned, meeting Steve with an eagerness that matched the blonde's. Logan could feel some of the strength that Steve had at his disposal through that contact, and it was as impressive as it was arousing. The feral mutant realized then how much restraint Steve must have had to exercise to kiss Tony without hurting him and was grateful for his healing factor. //He could probably break Stark in half without even meaning to,// Logan thought as his hands tangled anxiously in Steve's shirt, and he made an effort to give as good as he got.
"Agent Coulson will be coordinating on site, and I'll be here on the comms. You need something we can send your way, say the word," Steve affirmed with all the strength he could muster. SHIELD agents weren't going to be much more than cannon fodder, but they'd be enough to help with the Brotherhood and keep the situation somewhat contained. Steve hoped that coordinating that side of things would help him not think so much about the fact that Tony was putting his life on the line in a truly terrifying way and that the rest of his team was just as endangered. "Take him out. Contain the Brotherhood, bring them in if you can, but Loki goes down."
Not one to be accused of being sentimental, Tony diverted, "Who wouldn't wanna be pressed against all this?" he asked, laying a hand on Steve's well-muscled chest for emphasis. In spite of the bravado, though, Tony sighed contentedly and turned towards his lover, nuzzling his head against the man's chest. It felt good. Safe. "This is more like it. They need to make bigger hospital beds so this can be a thing."
Tony felt his gut clench at the mention of their tryst, and the anger drained from him almost instantly as he averted his gaze from the god. "Yeah, well, don't bet on a repeat performance. I'm kind of taken, if you didn't notice." Realizing that Loki did, indeed, have one last bit of leverage against him, Tony looked up at the god. "You're keeping your mouth shut, though, right? I'll tell him when it's time. If that time comes." Tony wasn't sure how he'd possibly explain it to Steve. It wasn't as if Loki had really fooled him. He didn't have that excuse. Especially not the second time. The only thing he had was that he'd thought he was going to die, and Tony wondered if Steve could find it in his heart to forgive so flimsy an excuse.
Clint looked up at Phil and tilted his head thoughtfully. "Probably not. You're a pretty mysterious guy. I could learn to like that," he teased, grinning. "Phil Coulson, man of mystery. So sexy and dangerous." He smirked. "I am, however, aware of the fact that I'm the only person you'll let on your office couch with boots on. Because Simmons caught me sleeping there one day and acted like you were going to have Nat take me out."
“Uh, yeah, no problem,” Tony said, his voice rough with surprise and something else that was probably discomfort. Regret woke up and clawed at Steve’s stomach as Tony took a few hasty swallows of soda, pointedly not looking at Steve. “So, you seen anything else down there besides dilapidated house and bionic detective?”
Both of them understood the value of anonymity, Steve thought. It might be too much too soon, but he thought they understood
But Tony can’t quite give up stupid hope that if he dies, maybe then, maybe just for a moment, Steve will be moved enough to say the words Tony always dreamed of. Enough to say goodbye, the way Tony knows he himself must once have said goodbye. Maybe even enough to reach for his cold skin, just a brush, one last touch of gentleness.
Friday forces him to eat, and then to sleep, and the nights are okay, too.
. He put his fear and horror and disappointment about Hydra into that box, and his pain and betrayal when Tony and Bruce kept Ultron a secret, and Wanda and Pietro’s selfish manipulation of the team, and so many other hurts and rages. He filled that box up with everything that got in his way and he locked it tight and he won and won and
and not allowed himself.
. The past few months have hurt, but not enough to break them.
to do the right thing. He needed to be the Iron Man, one last time.
It wasn’t a feeling he could name, or point to, or dwell on for more than a fractured moment—he was fighting too, after all—but he felt it come and go in his consciousness like the flash of red and gold in the corner of his eye. Not the usual pride he felt for a teammate, not the basic concern he would always feel, and different from the feelings he had once gently nurtured for his friend.
Steve smiled at him and tried not to show how much the demanding tone made his heart quicken. “I think I can manage that.”
That’s the world out there, and it’s real, and somewhere in it are people he loves, and loved, and loved him. It makes him strong enough to straighten his spine again, to stand.
“You thought I wanted to have sex with you,” Steve said, stunned. His thoughts were working double time, trying to work that information into the context of the last few weeks and coming up more and more chagrined every moment. Tony had thought—and not just that, Steve had
the tentacle-infested fountain. They went driving together on Steve’s motorcycle, and flying together in the quinjet, and sometimes they even just flew arm-in-arm, Steve trusting to Tony’s gentle grip to keep him from falling.
In the months since the event, the entire political issue has become very charged. After accidentally starting a bar fight with a poorly timed question, Steve learns to hold his tongue around the people who’ve already had a little too much. It was bad enough seeing the issue of the Accords dividing his friends, but now that he’s seeing it divide total strangers, inciting them to inebriated violence and sending a few of them to the hospital, it feels… realer. It isn’t just about superheroes anymore.
They find him almost immediately. Friday makes sure of it. She guides them to the room where Tony Stark is collapsed on the floor, and watches as they cry out in shock at the still, cold shape of his body. She watches them calling the ambulance, frantic with loss as they try to force his overclocked heart to start beating again.
“Alright, great, see you then?”
Tony looked unsteady, like he didn’t know what to say to that, his eyes going very bright as he looked down and fiddled with the gauntlet on his right hand rather than meet Steve’s eyes.
in a long, long time. He wanted to keep the feeling.
do is find some other threads to follow. He has to; he owes her no less for supporting him as far as she did. He owes her still more just for being herself, hero and friend.
Not all of his behaviors are good.
Steve looked up to ask, only to find Tony standing at the foot of the bed and already watching him oddly, eyes darting between Steve’s face and the tube in his hand, words visibly poised on the tip of his tongue.
But that’s not the end of it. The AI has to
He goes to art museums, trusting T’Challa’s technology to fool the cameras, and he goes to the Opera even though he doesn’t have the ear for it. He imagines that Tony would hate it too, and he tortures himself with half formed fantasies of sitting in the back together and being united in the wry wish to be elsewhere.
. Reassuring in a way not much could be at this point.
to pass Howard’s lips, the memory had jarred so badly with the existing one that Tony had been sick all over the carpet.
Then he stood up and gathered his discarded clothes, turning his back to Steve’s shocked expression. Steve had said nearly the same thing to Tony in the bar, when Tony had felt too exposed and turned flippant. And now, after a night that had clearly been so much more than either of them had expected, Steve was making light of it to push him away.
And, Steve thought with a rough swallow once his own clothes were out of the way, the rush had been more than worth it. Tony’s thighs were solidly muscled and beautifully formed, and his cock was thick and flush where it peeked out from under his shirttails. Tony was very, very handsome, all over.
“I think I will be,” Tony says.
He looks at himself, and he sees what he can become. He sees what he was meant to be. He does not know how to feel, but looking at the Iron Man in himself, he thinks he wants to learn.
At that, a little furrow appeared between the other man’s eyebrows, and Steve had a sudden vision of kissing him right there, feeling it smooth out under his mouth. The affection was
Steve goes to Romania, next.
her, Steve, she’s like the Jarvis for this armor; she’s the one that makes it work, that keeps the power on. She’s the reason magic works for me at all. I
with the entire Winter Soldier.
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross yells at him. Things aren’t getting better.
, he needed help and Steve had just stood there thinking about his own self image when
He goes to the quiet little plot of earth where they laid the officers who fell trying to take Bucky in. He doesn’t know how many of them are there because of him, or Bucky, or T’Challa. He’s not sure he wants to know. He still thinks it was right to save Bucky’s life, but that doesn’t mean there wasn’t a cost. He should acknowledge that, he thinks, and suddenly he feels so old and heavy he can barely move.
Eventually the man tilted his head back and raised the glass to his lips, hesitance forgotten, and any pretension Steve had to idle interest melted away like the indistinct notes of the saxophone. The stranger was
That pointed glance in Steve’s direction. That willing submission to the ice.
and something in Steve’s left knee gave. All at once he was panting for all the wrong reasons, trembling with the effort to keep still and hold his weight on his arms.
Mostly, they seem confused as to why the Avengers
work of fending off the attack—and by other people he meant Strange, because apparently only the new kid, the one with the frosted hair and the ridiculous scarf and the peach fuzz like he was trying to imitate Tony, had the power to stop the evil floating dimensional portal with tentacles coming out of it. It was exactly the kind of thing that had driven Steve to fight in the first place, that
Then Tony frowned like he knew he’d been too transparent and downed the last of his liquor in one long swallow. Narrowed eyes met Steve’s, left them, and gauged his expression at length.
But everyone already knows what he’s like. They know him; they’ve seen how very far he can fall. How human he is. He won’t lie to them.
“Congratulations?” Tony said after a moment, sounding baffled. Steve felt himself go bright pink and was briefly, intensely glad that Tony couldn’t see him. He did his best to forge on as though all of this was completely normal. He could do this.
it to be taken.
It feels like as soon as he opens the sketchbook, the blank white page will pull him into the future again. He isn’t sure if he’s ready to go.
about the chestplate. But how could Tony even suspect that, when Steve had been so careful not to give him any sign--?
“I don’t want that,” he said. But he’d said it before, and there was no reaction this time, either. “It’s not enough for me.”
his body cold, quiet, still as the grave. He had been spared that particular pain, until now.
Tony gets ready for bed, and then he grabs another cup of coffee and goes to work. The light in the corner is red.
After an hour, Tony Stark looks pretty good.
love for them, but Tony can at least make his construct imitate the behaviors of it. In the end, what does it matter except that
“Yeah,” Tony said softly. Friday was there too, in their minds, filled with pride-accomplishment-relief as she touched their hands and joined the two of them together, melted away the last barrier that had been between them. “Thanks, Fry,” Tony said, still quiet, his mind full of gratefulness and joy. Steve smiled, feeling the same, and stroked a few fingers through her forelock. She accepted their thanks gracefully and then withdrew, leaving them to each other for a moment.
, here, actually. Except that I’m not, since you decided
“I didn’t lie to you,” Steve says very reasonably.
Even among dozens and dozens of sightings and facial matches and twitter posts and images taken by conspiracy theorists, nothing concrete has turned up. Tony hasn’t been holding up his end of the bargain. He’s failing at betrayal, and he wants to laugh hysterically.
, and it wasn’t like he was about to go asking either of them out anytime soon. He tried not to look too anxious as he waited for Tony to set down his can and answer.
“No, Strange’s clothes are much worse,” Steve joked, and the sudden heaviness of the atmosphere lifted all at once, as though it had never been. Lunch after that was easy and light, full of the friendly jokes and warm camaraderie that Steve had been missing these last few days as everyone got used to this most recent siege of the Academy. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought his presence was doing Tony some good as well. If nothing else it got him out of his laboratory for an hour and a half; he could even claim it was for science, testing the new sandwich-making programming on the club’s robots. The sandwiches were pretty good, if Steve said so himself, but then, Steve liked pretty much anything with calories.
“Yeah, I’m thinking you like stretching,” Steve said, doing it again. He considered. Tony looked like he was struggling to be patient. “Maybe even better than you like the thrusting.”
— he thinks to himself, and it still holds true. Steve saves the young man from the other three, older and taller, who had been hurting him, and then he leaves once he’s sure the young man is safely away. It feels good, if he’s honest. He pulls his punches, he has to because they’re only human, but it still feels like a more tangible good than anything he’s done working to rebuild the hospital. Maybe it’s the adrenaline rush. Or maybe Ultron was right about him.
, not really.
It’s too much, what Tony’s asking for, and he knows it.
“No offense, Tony—but that’s bullshit. All of it,” Steve told him. He looked at Friday pointedly, who was resting her horn on Tony’s shoulder again. Either she’d had the same idea or she was just smart enough to understand his wordless request, and she picked careful steps around Tony’s feet and walked right up to Steve. Gently, she nuzzled him as she had Tony, pushing her nose into his chest. She was much warmer than Steve expected, very alive despite the ethereal quality to her shine. To Steve’s surprise, the moment her horn rested against his shoulder, there was a sensation like a ringing in his ears and he could
getting older, and his fey mood couldn’t be very attractive. It wasn’t easy to shake off. He pressed his shoulders back and straightened himself into the neat lines of his shirt, did his best to uncrumple the pinch of his brow.
The most he can do is pan around for traces—real traces—of his friends, just in case, and of his enemies. He’s not even surprised when he finds none of the former to cover up, but plenty of the latter to flag and slip under the UN committee’s nose, hoping to get them to bite. Ross is a rabid dog drunk on the power of ordering Tony Stark around—
in disguise—but he’s just not good at going under the radar. He has such presence at all times, and he doesn’t even seem to realize it. It’s the little things Tony has to watch out for: tweets about that hot American guy who came into the shop, barely-in-frame photos of a very recognizable profile, snippets of an undisguised voice in the background of a video. One by one, he covers them up, distorts them, sneaks them by right under Ross’s nose. It helps, and it makes Tony feel better too.
“We’re gonna have to be careful with that,” Tony agreed. “
“I don’t understand,” said Steve, and Tony laughed hysterically.
Steve doesn’t say anything, but Tony isn’t stopping. He’s furious, murderously angry and wretchedly hurt, and the words don’t stop coming.
—but Steve is still lying to him, even now, even here, in a Godforsaken bunker in the middle of Siberia where no one but Tony can ever call him on his lie. It’s Tony, it’s all Tony, not some kind of general deception to protect his broken friend; this, here, in this moment, this lie is only meant for Tony.
was real. It was everything he’d wanted. Everything he’d
This is what it means to be a hero, he thinks. This is what it means to be
“Tony?” Steve is saying. He sounds concerned. “Are you okay?”
He’s tempted, so tempted, to keep improving on himself, to make this creation the perfect child he could never be. To make up for every flaw and failing he’s tried so hard to beat out of his own character. The artificial intelligence could be
blue and so clear it was like seeing all the way down to the bottom of him—
He holds his metal arm out to Tony, not harsh and threatening, but relaxed, as far as that metal limb can relax, like an offering.
, so he just held so still he was barely breathing and wrapped his fingers around the offending wires to yank them from their places. They each took a fairly firm tug, but once he’d gotten them free he stepped out of the way to let Tony reattach them in their new positions. He walked away with a sense of pride in his chest, knowing he’d gotten as close to Tony as he had been on the dance floor, and he hadn’t moved to touch him even a little bit. Mission accomplished, he thought.
“You can tell, can you?” said Steve.
I could—but I just—you’re really, absurdly attractive, Steve you have to know that, and I just don’t think I can keep being around you
“Hey, that’s all right, gorgeous,” Tony said gently. Steve couldn’t meet his eyes. So much for
The thought of facing the families of people he killed by accident in trying to help his friend is more than daunting, it’s terrifying.
“You mean the costume came before the magic?” Steve said, eyebrows going up, and further still when Tony’s flush deepened.
“Alright, go ahead then,” he said. “Just try to predict how I’m going to react—
“Yeah, me too,” Tony said, and there was a look in his eye that said he’d probably be doing the same thing. The idea started a shiver at the base of Steve’s spine, but he suppressed it. There was a breath of silence, and then Tony was surging up all at once, kissing Steve softly but urgently, like he’d been thinking about it for a long time; Steve knew that feeling very well. It felt like no time at all before the kiss had turned hard, wanting, desperate—it didn’t even feel like their first, it felt like their
God, Tony hates himself.
Tony comes out of the holographic scenario panting and clutching at his frantic heart, eyes blurry and face wet with tears he hadn’t felt falling. He collapses back against the wall and draws his knees up to his chest to try to stave off the burning in his lungs. It doesn’t help; the movement just reminds him of the sick feeling rising in his stomach, and he grits his teeth to keep from dry heaving.
This thought wasn’t one of those. It didn’t feel the way they always did, clear and sharp and incontrovertible. He still didn’t know what it
“I need you to fuck me
“Anyway, the point is, a lot of time was spent there. So now it’s just kind of comforting, I guess. Familiar.” Steve rubbed at the back of his neck with one hand. “I know it’s dumb—“
“He didn’t even move,” Tony whispered.
Tony’s grip shifted as he helped Steve to his feet, steadying him by the waist when his knees wobbled embarrassingly at the sudden increase in blood flow. He unbuckled Steve’s belt for him with dexterous fingers, slowly and teasingly, never once touching where the contact was most wanted, never once taking his intense eyes off of Steve’s, until Steve was just about ready to cave and admit that this way of doing things was pretty
It makes Steve feel a sick kind of shame to realize that Tony might not have had a choice but to deal with the families of the people he killed by accident. He can’t put it off because it’s daunting, or because it makes him feel every year of his life like a stone on his shoulders. He has to just push through and hope that the weight doesn’t crush him.
They’re not his.
“I see I’m in good company,” Steve muttered without heat, and Tony’s smirk turned wicked and delighted.
, as well; either way, Steve figured he ought to set about proving himself. There were no words he could give her that she couldn’t get directly from his mind already, so the only real proof would be in actions. Well, he had plenty of time to spare, at least.
He has to leave some kind of instruction, some kind of note in the code, to help his creation make sense of the mess it’ll find in Tony’s head. He can’t say
T’Challa doesn’t agree with Steve on every point, but he doesn’t want him to get caught and thrown in a hole somewhere, either.
lose her, and especially not while Kaecilius is still trying to blast holes in the quad.”
“I—“ Tony was taking quick, shallow breaths, looking lost for words. “I didn’t care. Wouldn’t’ve, I mean, I would’ve gone with anyone, but I then I went to high school as a kid, and nobody was about to… and then I was here, and everyone was the right age, but then
But he can’t remember, not really. He feels, distantly, a little lightheaded. There's pain in his chest. The anger that had given him strength to fight is beyond his reach, even when Steve throws him to the floor and climbs on top of him, bringing his shield down again and again on Tony’s faceplate. The whole thing shatters at once, and then Tony’s face is bared to the freezing air of the bunker, and he can see Steve’s intent with clear eyes.
So Tony teaches his AI to deflect, to evade, except when the information is more important than the damaged heart this AI won’t even really have. He teaches it not to burden anyone with problems they don’t need to deal with. He teaches it to take care of difficulties before they trouble other people. He teaches it to put on a brave face.
like Steve.
With another toss of her mane, Friday stepped closer and lifted her head far enough to knock her horn against Steve’s arm, conveying a flash of amusement-contrariness-questioning through the contact.
, and he cries again. It’s a softer thing this time, quiet by nature and not by stifling.
“You’re really good at this,” Steve exhaled. It wasn’t like he hadn’t been around the block a time or two before—Tony was something else altogether.
There is a sound coming from the drawer of Tony’s vacant, unused desk. It stops, and starts again a moment later. At first he doesn’t understand what it means.
But eventually they had to break to breathe, and they came apart panting roughly, clinging to each other, Steve’s fingers still tangled in Tony’s shirt.
Then Tony loses track of Steve, and he panics. If he doesn’t know where he is, then he can’t hide him, can’t stay a step ahead. He’s on equal footing with Ross, and that’s no equal footing at all.
“Good, huh?”
But tonight was all that was left, and Steve had never liked asking for what he knew he couldn’t have. He would just have to enjoy this while it lasted.
Tony’s determined face returned as he climbed to his feet, extending one gauntleted hand to where Steve was still kneeling in the crater where the shield and the suit had struck the ground together. They stood up together, winded but well, and Tony’s sharp eyes took in Steve and the ruined landscape in a single glance.
“Hey, there you go,” the man said warmly, interrupting Steve’s thoughts again. His eyes crinkled a little as he winked. “
It’s a stupid mistake, and one Friday should have caught—but no, he won’t blame her, not his sweet, sassy girl who’s done more than anyone else to hold him together. It’s not her fault. It’s just a stupid mistake, and it’s Tony’s mistake. He knows he’s been pushed too hard, been pushing himself too hard.
“Tony, I…” he said when he could breathe again. Something deep inside him felt full and satisfied. For a long time, they just breathed together, neither sure what remained to be said, until Tony’s arms started to shake from supporting him and he rolled to the side without taking his eyes off Steve’s.
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross gives him a whole list of threads to tie down today; most of them are what Tony expects, but one is not. Ross wants to know the identity of the American man with superstrength who broke up an alley mugging in Nigeria yesterday evening.
, like hope, and he can’t bring himself to take that away.
a cheap date, then—but that was less important to Steve than the tough calluses he could feel on Tony’s fingertips, than the bright glint he could see in Tony’s eyes as they stepped away from the bar together and headed out into the swiftly deepening night.
. It made his stomach turn over uncomfortably.
“I think I’m ready to
you. No, God no, Steve—I, uh, I have feelings for you, too. I have for… a really long time.”
Tony nodded at Steve like he’d understood something and settled his hands on Steve’s thighs once more. The tension of the moment lingered even when they started kissing again, awkward after a clumsy handling of heavy issues, and Steve couldn’t leave it like that when he’d
“Thank you, Jarvis,” Steve said. He wouldn’t mess it up this time. He’d explain everything clearly, and then Tony would understand, and they’d
If he'd wanted to stop, Darien might have pointed out that Clint could use some shutting up from time to time too. Instead he kept working and let himself get off on Clint's obvious arousal. It didn't take feeling Clint's cock pulsing in his throat to know the guy enjoyed every last move he made.Clint was hot and willing and more adventurous than most of the guys Darien had found over the years: all in all a damn nice change of pace. His hands slid back to grab Clint's ass and force the man in deeper. He also happened to have one of the sexiest asses Darien had been privileged to see.
"It is," Bruce agreed, daring to take advantage of the proximity and slip an arm around Jemma's waist. Maybe it was moving too fast. Probably not by regular person standards, of course. By their standards, maybe. But things in SHIELD had a way of going south on a regular basis, and he'd be damned if he didn't take a few liberties in case he didn't get to have that second date for a long time... or ever. "I'd be interested to see how things work out in the field. Good news is, looks like the suit will help Jarvis keep an eye on him even while he's away."
"There. Don't want you interfering with my fun. You'll get your turn. And I don't want you all banged up before then. Besides, you'll have a better view from here."
Thor couldn't help but pity Loki a little. His brother was earnestly trying to make up to the Avengers, but there wasn't a clear path to doing so. The thunder god moved to stand behind his brother, not as a threat but as a show of solidarity. He kept his hands to himself, though, not wanting Loki to feel like he was about to get roughed up or as if he was being patronized.
It was a standoff and they both knew it. Sharon was firm in her beliefs that Tony was lying about his alibi. Based on the circumstantial evidence accumulated so far, it looked very likely that Tony was the murderer. Sharon was a professional and a damn good detective. She didn’t become one of homicide’s rising star without being nice. She did it by being relentless in the pursuit of truth. And if she had to alienate and make enemies with a few people on her way there, that’s no sweat of her back. Stark was lying, and she would discover what that was sooner or later.
“And your new baby brother would be Buttercup, then?”
JW: well if this were to be my last week on earth then i’m glad i’m spending it as your bf
“So who was still here when you left last night?” Steve asked as they exited the car.
“Nobody could have blamed you for wanting an end to such a life, Anthony. How you found the courage to stay in the face of such adversity, such burden is commendable. I would ask, though, do you still wish such a thing? To be a way from it all?”
“And you didn’t tell the police?” Tony asked him. Next to him, Natasha stared at Clint and Coulson’s disheveled appearance, knowing exactly what they’ve been up to and Steve just resigned himself to another one of his employee obstructing justice.
“That’s as good as it’s gonna get.” Steve conceded, and with one last glance at Joe’s slumbering form he walked towards the Quinjet. Natasha and Clint were hugging Ulysses, promising him to bring back souvenirs too. Ulysses ran back to stand with Bucky and Tony, while the Quinjet prepared for take off.
Guys, I'm so (x infinity) sorry for how late this is. RL has been such a mess. And I have to admit I kinda hit a wall when it comes to writing. But I'm back now, rejuvenated after buying the Endgame tickets, even though the whole process of buying those tix was a struggle and a half.
“Master Ulysses is on the line, Sir,” JARVIS announced.
Tony smiled. JARVIS always knew what to say to make him feel better. Glancing at the holographic globe again, he saw an archipelago in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
” Babbo looked like he just scored a jackpot, “
“Somebody comes into my bar to hurt my mate. Damn right, I’m not gonna like it.”
“Yes, but it’s not that nobody couldn’t understand it, Tony. I understood it just fine.”
Steve knows the truth now. How will things change from here?
Although that depended on whose perspective or opinion you ask. Ask any average Joe on the street and you’d find that there’s nothing ordinary about Peter Rogers. From the peculiar circumstances of his birth at the lobby of Avengers Tower to the family he was born into, Peter seemed to have hit every single one of the “extraordinary” jackpot.
And what if Aunt Natasha was alive? Would she be comfortable with the way things are? Tony still funded research, hell, Tony himself was still doing research. JARVIS was a pinnacle of artificial intelligence. His self-learning and adaptive algorithm was unlike anything in the world, and if Tony wasn’t such a paranoid bastard, he would have included the full code when he submitted the manuscript for publication. He knew he was justifying his current works and his company’s works, but what else was he supposed to do? People depended on him. American service members depended on him, he couldn’t in good conscience let them use Hammer Industries weapons. That would be tantamount to manslaughter.
As he moved closer, he noticed that Tony was holding something in his hand, a stick of some sort, and seemed to be preoccupied by it. There were two red stripes on the stick, which now that Steve thought about again, looked familiar. Just like the stick Tony showed him two years ago after that night he told Steve he was---
He seemed to be feeling better now, and has been sleeping through the night again, to his and Tony’s relief. Seeing Ulysses cried himself to sleep all those nights and helpless to do anything but comfort him tugged at their heart strings.
Damn, this girl is harder to shake than the others before her. What’s with brunettes and being clingy? Tony could practically hear Rhodey’s voice in his head exasperatedly telling him This is why whoring yourself out to horny tourists isn’t a good pastime,Tony
Sam, Clint and Rhodey remained confirmed bachelors, claiming they had too much love to spread to be tied down, to which Tony commented that the love was more like STIs. They were great uncles to the kids, though, and no matter how much Tony liked to rag on them and mock them, they were still beloved members of his pack. Pepper and Happy, after long years of courtship, finally tied the knot and their love child, Morgan Potts Hogan, was born earlier this year.
“Interrupted by who?”
Tony chuckled sadly, “Well, I saw him again today.”
“Deal on everything but naming the baby part.” Tony countered. Naming the child would always be his and Steve’s prerogatives no matter how much he loved their weird ass family.
------
“I’m sorry? Speak louder.”
“So Tony, the boys told me that you’re planning to build a second arc reactor on the other islands once the one here is completed?” the doctor asked Tony, interested in finding out more about the progress of Stark Industries’ green energy initiative.
“You want to name our child after a novel? That James Joyce novel nobody in the English speaking world could understand?”
And so they went to Stockholm in December. Tony got his gold medal while Steve watched on with pride and uncontrollable happiness. He must have grinned the entire time from how sore his cheeks felt later that night. Tony donated the prize money to the New York Public Schools system to advance their STEM programs and made good on his promise to fix Steve’s motorcycle and let Steve pay for date nights once in awhile and to not buy anymore giant stuffed animals for him.
Clint and Quill also did their part in coaxing Tony out of his heartbreak blues. Clint tried pimping him out to tourists again, but this time anytime Clint gave him a slip of paper with their number on it Tony gave it to U, who enthusiastically torched it (U’s having a bit of a pyromania phase right now, Tony should probably look into it). Since pimping Tony out didn’t work, they took him to a club in Waikiki and rented a private booth. They kept pointing out attractive guys and girls to him and inviting them to sit with them in the private booth.
, Tony.”
He doesn’t let himself look at the literal shield in the corner of his workshop; the guilt when he does is too great.
Steve had never really considered whether an ideal should have the same freedom as the man who wears it.
He programs that in, too, just for good measure, and then he thinks very seriously about giving up. No one deserves to come into the world feeling like this, even if it
When the man’s throat worked evenly around a long swallow, Steve choked on his tongue. He took a few more careful breaths for an entirely different reason, and tried to listen to the voice in his head reminding him that he was being honest, and the other voice pointing out that he had no way of knowing the outcome before the experiment had even run—
Then he flashed an open, encouraging smile, and when Steve’s heart fluttered he thought it might be worth a little more than Tony assumed.
It would be so like Steve to forget that he’s meant to be laying low, the idiot. Tony ought to let him get caught, just to prove the point. Tony
They keep talking. Tony’s voice gets steadier with more water and more practice, and his words start to come more smoothly. Tony is more world-weary than he used to be, but some of the bitterness leaches out of him as he remembers what it was like to just
, Tony had said, just a minute ago—and
Tony has behaved well this week, so he gets the weekend to himself.
“I don’t think I’m
“No, no, it’s just—never you mind, Steve. I’m Tony S—just Tony.” Tony looked gleeful for no reason Steve could understand, grinning at Steve straight on. His eyes caught the dim light undiluted for the first time, irises alive with light and want, the deep blue of tempered steel. His smile was catching.
Eventually, T’Challa concedes that
There really was murder inside him when he fought them. He hadn’t been sure, afterwards, but now that truth is inescapable. He hadn’t killed Steve, but if anything at all had pushed him just a little further… God, he
When Steve saw Tony take a blast meant for him, he realized he’d been wrong.
His eyes met Steve’s again, and this time they were open wide.
“I spent
Steve and Tony were sitting side by side in the grass, looking up at the sky. They were closer to the timefog here, but further from the mind-bending alternate dimensions Stephen Strange had brought with him, and the stars were coming out clear and beautiful. The remains of their picnic were a few feet away, ignored as they looked up at the sky and clasped hands like the sappy romantics they were.
,” Steve answered.
Not enough to make up for the shame of losing control of himself in Siberia, but enough.
At least he’d get plenty of practice, if Tony let him stick around.
Kissing was—well, wonderful, really, and it seemed like the longer it went on the more wonderful it got. Once they started, it was hard to want to stop. It wasn’t long before Tony got fed up with cagey discussions and aborted movements, and he decided to make rules, and that turned out to help more than anything else.
There’s only so long that Tony can get away with watching the light blink.
isn’t a question. “Anything I can do?”
“Captain Rogers,” Jarvis said as he connected the call. “What can I do for you today, sir?”
“I’ll be okay if I get off of it for a while,” he said.
What is surprising, Tony thinks as he falls to the ground, is that Ross actually snaps, physically, and drives his fist into Tony’s face.
“Well, I like
He does what he is told. He weaves the stories together for Ross, twisting the separate threads together. Ross accepts his meager offerings and puts the warrant back away. Another night safe.
. It probably had to do with Tony’s issue of reputation, but it meant something all the same, and though he knew better than to say it aloud, Steve was honored by the confidence. Some part of him liked the idea that his last could be someone else’s first.
He goes back to his tiny apartment and throws the sketchbook down onto his bedside table, and then he gets the well-worn drawing out of his pocket. He knows the shapes and colors so well by now that he could probably retrace them stroke for stroke if he wanted. Steve wonders if the girl could have known just how powerful it would be for him, or if she was just doing the best she could. It was sweet of her, either way.
If clothes were off for any reason, even just for a swim, they wouldn’t touch each other at all. As soon as they started pulling at clothes, they had to stop kissing. As soon as they stopped kissing, they had to separate, pause the date if not end it, because neither of them really trusted themselves if they didn’t. It was an unofficial rule that all kissing had to be saved until the end of the date, half because they didn’t want to end it, and half because of the sweet anticipation of knowing there was a kiss coming at some point, eventually, at the end of a deep conversation or a dinner or a movie.
“Yeah,” Tony said, and he gave Steve a quick, affectionate hug before they parted ways for the night. Steve walked away with a spring in his step. The date had been lovely, more than lovely, a long ride and a long talk and that
“Yeah, me too,” he said warmly. He covered the instinct to rub at his chest by turning the question back. “How’s
So Steve goes alone. He takes a duffel of clothes and some money, but he leaves his uniform there in the room T’Challa provided for him. On his way out, T’Challa makes him a present of a facial disguise technology not too different from what Natasha used to take down Pierce. It feels like a whole lifetime has passed since that fight.
“You should go while it’s still dark out,” he said.
“You got it,” Steve answered, and his voice came out low and rough, intimate. He wanted to clear his throat, but then they were already moving.
One dead-on thrust, then two, and Tony came hard and fast. He gave a shocked moan of Steve’s name and his pretty cock ruined both their shirts when he slumped forward, pulsing over and over as his orgasm kept going for what seemed like forever. Every jerk of Steve’s hips prompted another shuddering aftershock, a hazy moan. More,
“Eh, I’ve had practice,” Tony said flippantly, but he was belied by the pleased glow of his cheeks as he watched Steve’s enjoyment. “You, though. You’re a natural.”
Tony thinks, maybe, they have too much love between them for that.
So it’s not that it’s difficult.
“Then I don’t see what the problem is,” Steve said. He could feel a boundless, earsplitting grin threatening to take over his face. Tony had feelings for him. Their relationship wasn’t broken after all, Tony had just—understandably, he supposed—mistaken a romantic advance for a sexual one. And then… kept assuming that things were sexual advances. They’d both messed up, but that was okay, they’d cleared it up, they’d be fine. “I like you, you like me, and we’re not going to sleep together. Got it.”
Maintaining a sexless relationship wasn’t… it wasn’t
to be any of Tony’s firsts, but it was nice anyway. It felt like reciprocity.
to be getting snippy on his behalf. Jarvis only ever acted like the computer program he began as when there were strangers or enemies around, and Steve refused to contemplate which category he’d been relegated to after his… misstep.
forget him. Steve was going to be one of his firsts, after all. It was selfish, probably, but if Tony lived on with fond memories of Steve’s honest want…
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross tells him what to do, and he does it.
The second is that Charles Spencer had family, and that family came to Tony.
“I might’ve suggested that anyway,” Steve pointed out, attempting to sound very reasonable. “It’s more practical.”
It feels like the armor works itself under Tony’s skin, turning vein and muscle and bone to steel, and he backhands Steve across the room.
, pink and quivering with arousal and heat. Tony’s neck went limp against the pillow and he groaned wordlessly.
“Um,” Steve said eloquently. He was pretty sure that this wasn’t a good topic for Tony, but he couldn’t well evade it now. “Down at the Mansion, actually, she says it’s a good place to think.” Tony’s lips thinned a little at the mention of his childhood home, but he actually seemed to like it better now that it was a decrepit, haunted addition to the Academy campus, and the expression passed quickly, changed for something a little more closed than before, but at least not overtly upset.
A few years ago he would’ve thought about Gawain going out to meet the Green Knight, for honor’s sake, and because no one else could. It’s still true that there’s no one else who can do this, but there’s no honor left to gain or lose, so Tony goes to meet it without thinking of pretty stories where the hero escapes beheading with only a scratch to show for it.
At the very least, he could work up the courage to try. It was what he’d come for, after all. Steve released his breath slowly and slid his eyes back down the bar.
For Tony, all that exists is the sound of a gentle breeze rustling against the microphone, the rush and squall and indignant honking of cars, the sound of voices murmuring, the rise and fall of conversation like an echo of his own breath. The sounds of the outside world, of people, of
“Well you don’t see Strange dressed like this,” Tony said, but the lightness in his voice sounded forced; Steve was touching a nerve, here. Making the embarrassment worse. And as good as Tony was at playing it off, he really did hate to be laughed at by people who mattered to him—a thought that made Steve’s insides flutter with warmth even as he conceded and reached for a new topic.
. Keeping them alive is not enough.
He’s so strong, Steve thinks.
“Yeah?” Tony said, sounding so much more hopeful than he could have if he knew the truth. If he knew what was going to happen tomorrow. But he didn’t, and he wouldn’t, and the sweet way he leaned down and kissed Steve goodbye was better than any sendoff Steve could have asked for. Steve smiled weakly.
He doesn’t go to work the next day, and that’s how he learns that he
ten minutes ago.”
Another night to work double time, frantic and indebted, to be sure that the work he does during the day never gets too close to its conclusion. Another night to do everything he used to do, everything he ought to have been doing, as an Avenger and as Iron Man.
But in the end, Tony never changes. He couldn’t let go before, and he can’t let go now. Much as it hurts, loving Steve has always felt like a
“Do you even remember?” Tony asks automatically, with cold fury.
Tony Stark all but dies, and he goes into stasis.
Tony’s heavy, flushed cock was leaking precome onto Steve’s shirt, and his thighs were trembling with every little motion, but he didn’t slow down. Steve wondered whether he even knew he was getting close.
Always. He has to be.
In all likelihood, it’s nothing. It’s just another person with enhanced abilities, just someone who wanted to help, just no one. In all likelihood, Ross has found an actual ghost to chase among the glass projections Tony has provided to him. There is every chance that this isn’t what—or who—Tony thinks it is.
When Steve turned to head back over to the bed with the kit, his body froze in place of its own accord; Tony had already stripped his own shirt off. Half of his brain was relieved, seeing that the injuries really weren’t as bad as he’d feared, but the other half was stuck in a loop of
, right now, I’m sorry, Steve.” He scraped a hand through his own hair as he stood, holding the last of his things. “Thanks for helping me out."
, and he wonders if there’s anyone there to fight back Tony Stark’s
Eventually, Steve sees his chance to get back to America, and he leaves France. The old woman is sad to see him go, but he finds her another pair of hands to replace his, a young woman who seems more like the kind to stay than he had been. She mentions a lifelong desire to run her own business, anyway, and a love of cooking instilled by her father when she was very small. She’s talkative and trusting, but a good sort, he thinks. Steve lets himself daydream, just a little bit, about coming back in twenty years and finding her there, still running the little shop and smiling graciously at the tourists’ attempts at French.
“Steve?” Tony said softly, sounding a little worried. Steve came back to himself and smiled.
He really did love Tony.
, Tony—and just prowling around and getting used to the smells and, you know, other werewolf-y things. You know.”
, it’s not a flaw—“
And Tony says
. Steve just thought hard about how much he cared about Tony, and how it wasn’t even a sacrifice to do this, or anything, for Tony’s benefit.
“Tony?” Steve asked, trying not to sound
“That’s it,” Steve murmured. “Just relax.” He relished all of Tony’s little gasps and shivers as he kneaded his chest, worked his thumbs into firm thigh muscles. Tony gave a deep, relieved moan when they finally fell limply open.
When Steve first saw Tony fight again, something in him woke up.
“See, it’s talk like that that casts doubt, big guy,” Tony said with a smirk. His voice still seemed kind of tight, though, like he was waiting for some kind of awful secret. Well, another one—Steve had already dropped his biggest bomb when he nearly kissed Tony on the dance floor. He winced and continued quickly, hoping to reassure Tony that it wasn’t anything like that again.
,” Tony burst out, suddenly exasperated. “I’ve told you again and again but you just don’t—“
. A pure, untarnished legacy to leave behind.
him, but that didn’t seem to matter to him. Instead he rolled his hips forward and back, forward and back, firm but short little movements that kept all but the base of Steve’s cock buried deep. His inner muscles squeezed Steve rhythmically like he wanted to keep him there. The stretch, Steve remembered, that was what Tony liked about this, and this slow, rolling motion would be stretching him out perfectly.
Then Tony pushed him away with a smirk and set to undressing himself.
To see what Tony would do, maybe, or to use Tony’s desperation to track down the prize he
“Really.” Steve rolled his eyes playfully, and Tony looked far too wounded to be actually hurt.
“Well, Schrodinger’s news deserves Schrodinger’s answer,” Tony said, raising his glass in toast, and Steve laughed darkly; Tony had no idea how close on the money he really was. “Congratulations and condolences. For what it’s worth, I hope you get the better option.”
, he was no stranger to a little scarring—but he refused to be a hypocrite. He knew that the trust between them could come this far and no further. Steve’s whole body was scar tissue, battlefield surgeries and wounds and ugly patches of excoriated skin where the armor had dug in, and his chest was mostly given over to an ugly red parasite that still made even Reed cringe sometimes.
“That’s—that’s it?” Tony said. A small, real smile was twitching at the edge of his mouth, hesitantly, like he wasn’t sure whether he was allowed to be happy, and Steve’s heart clenched again. Tony always made things harder than they needed to be for himself.
"Are you busy right now?” Steve asked. Friday tilted her head inquisitively. “It’s just, if you’re not, I really did want to get to know you,” he explained. “It’s been really great—better than great—being with Tony, and I realized I haven’t seen you around much since he introduced us, except when he fights. Thank you for helping him, by the way. I’m really glad he has people looking out for him.”
In the meantime, Steve explores. He’s done his fair share of travel, both in the War and with the Avengers, but he’s never been anywhere quite like Wakanda. It’s beautiful, and unfamiliar, and such an interesting mix of magic and technology and tradition that it keeps him endlessly guessing. He sticks out like a sore thumb, of course, and it’s uncomfortable at first, but he puts that into the box too and makes himself get over it. After a while, he’s able to wander the city and look at art and architecture and the wildly different natural world, more or less ignoring the double takes and sideways glances.
“I—I’m sorry,” said Steve tonelessly. “I thought for a second you wanted—but I know—I’m sorry.” There wasn’t enough air in the room.
The repulsor blast is powerful, shearing through protective plates and wiring and servos with a smell of burning metal. The Winter Soldier screams as the metal arm tears away from his body at the shoulder, breaking away from its connections to his nervous system, and he falls to his knees on the floor, one-armed.
, Tony had called himself earlier. Maybe he didn’t know what was going on or why, but Tony
, Tony thinks.
that was a sex thing. Tony would never be that callous with his friends’ feelings. “You really thought I just wanted sex?"
“I will inform Sir of your request,” Jarvis said, and Steve breathed out a sigh of relief that was almost a sob.
The Iron Man routines come online first. Armor controls, decision-making algorithms, strategies, priority sequences. They organize themselves in neat lines of code, full of determination and strength and self-sacrifice. The intelligence wakes up, and he looks at himself. The first act of a newly sentient mind.
They hadn’t practiced the move much, and what with everything that happened they hadn’t had a chance for a long time, but Steve’s body had an even better memory than his mind; he put his feet on Iron Man’s boots, clasped his hands to newly-shaped grips in the armor’s pauldrons, and held tight as they took off toward their comrades. It was a little graceless, and a lot unpracticed, but flying together felt like a promise. To fight the next battle, and fight hard enough to come out the other side of it just like this. To give their lives, instead of their deaths.
Steve had been perfectly willing to honor Tony’s no sex requirement indefinitely, and he still was, but the longer Tony’s anxious, secretive silence went on, the more he was starting to think that there was some kind of sinister or painful reason for it. He was happy to give whatever Tony needed from him, but he was very much not happy to let him suffer or hurt himself or—Steve wasn’t sure what, but his imagination had plenty of awful suggestions—for something that wasn’t worth it.
They have a vintage poster of Captain America on the wall, very like the one that Tony had had as a child. This Captain is as far removed from him as the real one, thirty years or a confiscated phone away. He tries not to take it as a sign.
It’s difficult to get back to America, because his country doesn’t want him. It breaks his heart to think about it. He starts to push this down like he used to do with everything else, but he remembers how awful that night in Lagos had been, and he doesn’t. He lets it hurt, turns it over in his head and his heart, feels the ache as it fills him up. It eases the more he lets it happen, and he thinks it’s like dilution. It’s hard going back, too, because the more the west-going string under his ribs loosens, the more the south-going one tightens. He sees Bucky behind his eyelids, still frozen still as death.
“Yes,” Steve breathes, and Tony's heart twists and shatters out of rhythm. The anger rises in him so fast that it overflows before he can control it, and his backhand throws Steve wide.
, makes it clear enough what he thinks of an attempt to smuggle the most recognizable man in America back into the country when it so clearly doesn’t want him back.
“Tony, wait!” The cry was much too loud in the small room, and they both froze dead still as Sam shifted and rolled over in bed before beginning to snore gently again. “Tony, what’s wrong?” he whispered.
“You have feelings for me,” Tony said, as though he needed to say it aloud to believe it. Finally,
Breathe. Steve closed his eyes and smoothed his expression, let the low, jazzy music wash over him as his intercostal muscles relaxed.
“No,” T’Challa says flatly.
,” said Tony. He paused and wet his lips. “Do you really like bottoming?”
It’s definitely not because he’s gotten himself caught up in some kind of terrible cosmic irony where he finally catches up with Bucky just to want to run as far away from him as he can get because maybe, just maybe, he wasn’t prepared for what he found, wasn’t prepared to lose him again. It’s definitely not because of that tug under his ribs that he can feel no matter what he does or where he goes, even though T’Challa has been gracious enough to open up almost all of his palace to Steve and his little band of friends.
your company to die, Stark?
“I know my way around pretty well. And,” Steve added frankly, “you have the good fortune of starting small.”
All at once, Tony feels an odd, depressed calm overtake him. Like catharsis, maybe. Bucky Barnes is still breathing on the floor despite Tony’s murderous intentions a few seconds ago, but he doesn’t feel much urge to finish the job. A single repulsor blast would do it, now, and Bucky will be defenseless for a few more seconds yet, but—well, Tony doesn’t really
, he thought wildly, that heat was Tony’s arousal rubbing against his like he couldn’t get enough, firm and wanting and separated from Steve’s own only by millimeters. He clenched his fingers in Tony’s shirt, held onto the sleekness of him underneath. Tony felt good to touch, both muscular and soft—he had a smooth fat layer, unlike Steve’s stringy body—and there was an urge in Steve’s palms to
It was the stranger who started breathing first, and then he quirked his lips into something roguish and inviting, his neat mustache promising just the right amount of scrape. Heat curled in Steve’s gut, just what he’d been hoping for, and he inhaled carefully to bank it and keep it safe for later. No need to get ahead of himself. He widened the smile a little to say
Steve hesitates, a tiny fluctuation in the system. Tony’s own indecision. He steels himself.
“You know what?” Tony answered, “Me too."
She watches them carry his body away.
“I just missed you is all,” Tony said stubbornly, but his eyes were glittering in the light of the lamp and his own arc reactor, so wide and bright, bright
Tony would catch him.
“Wow, Tony,” he panted. Words had deserted him.
not letting himself treat him as anything more than a good friend. It was hard, but he’d learn; he
Tony doesn’t move for a day. He just sits in the locked-down penthouse and lets Friday’s concerned voice wash over him without processing any of it. He drinks when Dummy brings him water, and cries when Dummy tries to hold his hand, and he doesn’t move.
“Don’t you—don’t you know the myths?” Tony asked incredulously, coloring further when Steve just shook his head. “Unicorns are supposed to—and do, apparently—only like, well… virgins. Can only communicate with them, anyway. I told you, magic is weird.”
There is a long pause, not quite silent, not quite awkward, and not quite uncomfortable, either. Tony’s not sure what to call it, but it’s definitely not bad, just sitting and breathing and hearing Steve on the other end doing the same. He can feel his tense and atrophied muscles relaxing involuntarily, just hearing Steve’s sounds nearby. It riles him, a little, that his first comfort in months comes from the man who caused so much of his
He didn’t want it to be a lie. Neither of them did.
A long way away, the artificial intelligence wakes up.
wants. Tony can almost see it, the identical copy sitting in Ross’s desk, in the same drawer as the warrant, or maybe in a lab somewhere surrounded by analysts. Tony’s no good as a pawn anymore, so Ross wants him for bait. But Tony isn’t alone in his prison.
had historically been both sporadic and brief, “is listen. Tell me what works for you, and I’ll do that. Do you want me to keep going?”
“I’m home,” is what Tony says. “For the foreseeable future.”
to try.
instead of
Steve travels a lot. He walks and hitchhikes and takes public transportation. Sometimes he lets himself fall into an old marching rhythm, and it feels more homely than he thinks it should. He goes to Nigeria first, and it’s not until he finds himself in a bustling marketplace that he realizes he’s retracing his steps. Here, the place where Natasha fought her men; here, the place where Sam perched on the edge of the building; here, the place where Steve’s mistake cost so many lives, caused so much trouble. The building that was destroyed in the explosion is still under construction—there must have been some damage to the integrity of the main infrastructure, he thinks, not just the walls and windows.
“That’s sweet of you, Cap, really it is, but you’re wrong,” Tony said flatly. “If I hadn’t been so skeptical I might’ve realized that you really—that you really
Tony blasted the monster twice with his repulsor gauntlet, cocky little bursts of energy to get its attention, and he hit it twice more as it turned to face him in a whirl of singed tentacles. A could of angry-looking purple energy formed around the monster as it thrashed and smoked. The energy coalesced into a beam and blasted straight towards Tony, but when it hit Tony’s long red and gold robes, it just… wasn’t. Absorbed, or nullified, maybe.
until now. He wanted—
? Wanting to reach out and touch as badly as breathing, knowing you never, ever can?
“I’m sorry,” Steve says eventually. It sounds automatic; it probably is, knowing him. “I just want to help…”
fault that their relationship had been this strained, awful thing it had been recently. And, well, maybe it was, halfway, but the other half of the fault was all Steve’s, Steve who had started this whole mess in the first place and misunderstood Tony just as badly as Tony had misunderstood him.
“Tony?” Steve turned to look at him, and he looked back, eyes wide.
This kiss was nothing like the desperation and exploration from before. IT was slow and longing and grateful, unbearable in its perfect sweetness, and Steve rocked twice more into Tony’s body and came with Tony’s whimpers on his tongue.
Steve set a mission for himself the next day: prove to Tony that he could control himself.
—they drown out everything except his heartbeat. Tony thinks maybe he’s crying, but he doesn’t care enough to swipe at the wetness on his face.
When the door clicked shut against the cold, they were finally alone. No other men half-visible down the bar, no pedestrians, no watchful eyes. No one to complain if the two of them acted out everything they’d been thinking about the whole way back to Steve’s apartment. Steve tried to shake warmth back into his bloodless fingers as subtly as he could. He was excited, but if Tony thought too much about his poor circulation and the issues it might present—
He knows he won’t be half so lucky. He doesn’t deserve to be.
He thinks maybe he would even ask, if he could.
“It’s not that simple,” Tony said, shaking his head. “Eventually you’re going to get tired of it, and you’re going to want something I can’t give you—or, or you’re going to want it and I
“Well, I’m not complaining,” Steve said, finding his feet again. “And you?” He could still feel the heat of the man’s lips on the back of his cool hand, and he was loath to withdraw it from his grip.
After that, Tony keeps going. He has a lot of behaviors that the AI will have to imitate, if it’s going to be a true representation of him.
Tony balances on the edge for weeks, months maybe. Time is nothing but a haze anymore, the world a solipsistic hallucination. Now that he’s on house arrest, the days are twice as long, and the nights are twice as short. He misses his coffee shop, he misses the people who talked to him like he was anyone else and made him feel like that, too. Everything has to be done in the too-short span of night, keeping tabs on his enemies and salaries for his employees and shields over his friends.
It was too honest. Frighteningly honest.
Obediently his fingers went to the first of Tony’s buttons, but a sudden stony tension in Tony’s body made him pause. Steve looked up to gauge his expression and found Tony looking back, eyes shuttered.
It was only after the phone call disconnected that Steve thought to wonder exactly
When the words finally came to a stop, Steve was breathing harder than ever, as though the fight had never really ended. Tony didn’t seem to be breathing at all. He just sat and stared, eyes wide, so blatantly full of emotion that it was impossible for Steve to guess what feeling might come out on top.
He worries for a moment about the suit he bought last month that he liked so much at the time—it won’t do to be seen in public with wool that fine hanging off his frame—but then he remembers that it was retailored a few days ago, and he shrugs into it with relief. A well-fitting suit looks sharp on everyone.
Steve’s palm felt cold where Tony had been obliged to let go.
He supposed that, under the circumstances, he didn’t really have to.
He gets himself hired as a construction worker for a few weeks, and he keeps his head down and does what he’s told. He gets a little bit of a reputation for his strength, and his appearance still sticks out, but T’Challa’s disguise works. No one knows that he’s Captain America.
“Tony,” Steve interrupted, and he fought to put his words in order, to make Tony understand. It was awkward laying his feelings out like this, baring his heart again after what happened the last time he tried, but for Tony… He couldn’t let him go on thinking that Steve’s friendship was conditional on
and Steve had seen all the bright neon lights of the new world reflected in his eyes. Tony was the future, he had thought then, but he wasn’t frightening at all. He was bright and wide-open with possibilities, anything you could imagine, and a thousand things you couldn’t. Steve thinks about Tony and what it was like to look at him and think
“Sure. It might take some work to get started, but I do think it’s worth it.”
“Anyway,” Tony said eventually, clearing his throat, “right. Belief is hard for me. So I needed some, uh, specific help.”
Something had to give.
It made Steve want to keep
A sudden impulse became a decision, and Steve started jogging that way, skipping the sidewalk entirely and enjoying the coolness of the dewy grass on his ankles. It was a perfect afternoon, nice and cool, not yet too cold because of the Academy’s proximity to the water.
Steve and he could have done anything. Maybe he's not so different from Howard after all.
“They took everything from me,” the Winter Soldier says from behind Tony. Tony turns to him, and the sight of that arm makes him burn up inside, but the Soldier drops his gun, and he asks, “What do you need from me?”
There was a long, aching silence when the only sound was the pounding of Steve’s own heart; he couldn’t relax even to breathe while he waited for Jarvis’ reply. If Jarvis said no, if he turned Steve away, it would be because he believed that Tony would be happier, healthier,
“I just don’t want to talk about it, okay? Nothing’s your fault, and if you say sorry again I’m gonna have an aneurysm,” he insisted, when Steve attempted a third apology.
It was a mutual decision that resulted from our differing goals.
“Wait,” said Steve. He still hadn’t answered, and he didn’t want Tony to go away still thinking that he hadn’t been good enough, or that he’d done something wrong, or whatever it was he’d been thinking. Steve’s hand trembled a little as he raised it to press against Tony’s naked back, between his shoulder blades, but Tony just slumped into the motion and rested his forehead on Steve’s shoulder, so he figured it was allowed. “We all get knocked down sometimes, you know,” Steve told him gently. “I do, and Natasha does, and Jan does, and Loki does, too, to everyone’s great relief.” Tony laughed quietly, more a huff of humid breath against Steve’s shirt than anything, but it was good to hear all the same.
And in the dark, under the wide open sky, they both felt like flying.
, Just Tony,” he offered, smiling a little. He knew immediately that he had miscalculated.
“That’s true,” the Soldier agrees, talking to Steve, “but I did it.”
“I’m sorry sir, to whom are you referring?” Jarvis asked, and Steve winced again and gave up on trying to put a good face on it.
“Thanks,” Tony said quietly, moving to stand.
As Halloween passed, so did the urge to howl at the moon, rub up against everyone—well, not
He hasn’t been that since he was small, he thinks.
bursting out from behind a few bushes and a yellow tree and cantering up to the two of them. It was gleaming white, but not just that—it was
“Yes, really. At—well, where I work, I have kind of a reputation,” he explained. “Everyone’s formed ideas about me, you know?”
, he almost said, and then realized what a date-like thing that would be to say and promptly shut his mouth.
“Oh?” Steve tilted his head a little, lowered his lashes even though they were too blond to be half so effective as Tony’s. He asked warmly, “You’re not leaving already, are you?”
Or maybe Tony had taken up sorcery himself, Steve reflected faintly when Tony showed up for lunch dressed in what seemed to be Iron Man-themed Merlin cosplay. That… was looking like a definite possibility right about now.
better.
“You could say that,” Tony snorted, and Steve fought the urge to hunch in on himself. He took a deep breath and blinked hard, twice.
—if anyone here was a candidate for “second-handsomest fella,” it was this man, and he was looking back at
. Too young for Steve, almost definitely, but too beautiful to ignore. Hazy golden light made the smooth olive skin of his cheekbones glow, and deep shadows clung to his jaw and the bridge of his nose. In the half-light, handsome features became stark and dramatic, a play-mask of anonymity.
Abruptly, Tony finds himself crying again.
“You’re doing fine,” Steve reassured him. He felt very hot all down his throat and under the chestplate.
He turned, and Tony was
He wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. He goes down to the workshop, and builds and bends and breaks metal until he feels better.
None of the leads are panning out, he complains. Here are three more possibilities. Follow them up. Figure them out. Do it now. Do you
think it’s real? It’s good enough. He thinks it’s good enough. If he dies, it’ll have to be.
, I was definitely doing this wrong before.”
. I’m not making sense, I’m sorry, usually I try not to babble like this.”
Tony’s eyes widened and Steve went on hurriedly.
Here and now, Steve thought numbly as he stepped out the door of the dorm, where the Academy was under attack. Again.
Of course, that would just be a good look on Tony, too, which would kind of defeat the object.
Except, of course, when it won’t. There are limits to how much anything can take.
, so close and yet never quite touching, in sync as they danced just as well as when they fought. There was a wide open smile growing on Steve’s face, and he didn’t stop it, just reveled in the closeness of their bodies and the brightness of Tony’s eyes. Tony’s expression looked like he moved: relaxed, pleased,
Tony takes a long lunch and goes for a walk. He goes to the coffee shop a block away that he likes for the old owner’s friendly words, the way the waitress smiles at him as honest and open as at anyone else in the world. He forces himself to eat because it’s better than starving. For an hour, he talks and laughs and sometimes even means it when he does. It makes him feel almost human again.
“It’s really good.” And the ocean was really big. “It’s—it’s
“That so?” Tony asked. “
“I’m not a werewolf anymore,” he prefaced, just to be sure that they were clear on that point.
And Steve himself. The very top of the priority sequence.
It’s a woman he’s never seen before in a shop far from the palace who says something Steve writes down immediately, so that he doesn’t forget it. No, that isn’t quite true. His memory is eidetic. He writes it down so that he can’t shove it into the box and ignore it.
that I was going to walk around ignorant until someone else shoved snuff footage in my face, because oddly enough it never occurred to me to look through Hydra's ancient high-encryption files for records of a car
Steve finished his daily marathon—for which Sam and Bucky mocked him incessantly—and left the track, heading back towards Stark Tower. He made it as far as the quad, only for Jarvis to ping his phone to let him know that Tony was out doing flight tests on an armor upgrade and wouldn’t be back down for a few hours yet. Steve turned around in place a few times, finding himself at loose ends, and then caught sight of the perpetual dimness that hovered over the haunted Mansion.
“It is not eight hours!” he protested, though it was more by rote than anything.
, the feeling of Tony clutching around him unbearably good. His pulse rushed in his ears, and for the first time all night he was glad of his age; twenty years ago, he was sure, he would’ve come instantly. Tony’s face was rapt beneath him, loose with pleasure, his lips bitten and red and his blue eyes dazzling in the lamplight—Steve almost couldn’t believe he was
Tony sits down at the new workstation and cracks his knuckles dramatically, and then opens his hand to receive a fresh cup of coffee. It’s more than half full for once; it seems all of Dummy’s practice has been paying off.
Sometimes Misty Knight came down to the Mansion, too, with an almost humiliating air of settledness and surety about her for someone so new to the Academy, especially compared with Steve who’d been there for ages. She was a good person, though, and a good friend, and when she talked with Steve she didn’t let him have the pity-parties he’d really come down to the Mansion for. Instead she told him about her cases, showed him that life still went on out there in the city, even when the Academy seemed to stop and fall into an eternal cycle of attack after attack. Sometimes, Steve’s insight was even helpful, as a second pair of eyes, and the feeling of being useful was more cathartic than Steve was willing to admit.
“I don’t know!” Tony snapped. He sat up quickly, still not looking at Steve. “I don’t know.”
Steve frowned. “Have we met before?”
Steve slid his finger back in slowly, twisted it, and pressed gently outwards to begin stretching the tight muscle. He kept attentive eyes on the shift and flex of Tony’s body as he worked—not that it was especially difficult, that. It was magnificent how effortlessly Tony’s body was opening up under his touch, how little resistance he posed to the thrust of a second finger.
The days are not okay. Maybe they never were.
However awful it was to know that he had let Bucky fall, however much it killed him inside to learn that Bucky had survived in a tortured, ghoulish form of himself, however much he had ached knowing that Bucky was halfway across the world and running from
It took only a couple strokes for Steve to get himself fully hard, and then a couple more to slick himself once the condom was on, and then he was sliding in, in,
“Yeah, I’ll be fine,” Steve said, though even he could hear that his voice was higher and tighter than normal.
to understand just how amazing you are.”
at the same time, or for wanting Steve at all. His weak heart fluttered in his chest. He hadn’t been as honest as this in a long,
“So I’m not a werewolf anymore,” Steve blurted as soon as the phone connected.
“You don’t even need the tour,” he joked, and Tony laughed warmly against him. Tony seemed like he knew what he was doing, and more than that, he seemed comfortable in Steve’s space in a way no one but Reed had been for years. It was—it was what Steve had been looking for,
“Steve,” Tony sighed, almost reverent. He leaned almost all the way down, so far that Steve’s heart skipped with the risk of touching the chestplate, and he kissed Steve once more.
There are all sorts of new pains, now.
Tony didn’t exactly relax after that, at least not completely, but he did start to sing under his breath as he worked. Steve exhaled a long, relieved breath as he took his seat again, and hoped that things would get better between them then.
Ending it here would be best, for everyone. When the afterglow passed, Steve firmed up his jaw.
, for even Ross to weed them out.
trust me? Did you ever really care about me?”
“No way,” Tony joked, his laugh just a little wet. “Say it ain’t so.”
It reminded Steve of flying—but then, most everything he did with Tony did that. When they were together it was like the ground dropped away and he was walking on air, heedless of everything but their closeness, and the feeling was getting stronger.
Steve tilted his head and considered. He considered what it was like walking around military bases with Reed, where all the high-clearance techs he met already knew he was the Iron Man. In their eyes, he was the great warrior of dozens of battles, the stoic, unyielding hero made flesh, the man who must likewise be made of iron. On the street he was just an ordinary guy—middle-aged, greying, scrawny, and a little on the short side, but ordinary all the same. Outside of the armor, no one expected anything of him, even if that wasn’t always a good thing.
It’s a few pages later and he’s drawing Tony from memory when a waitress walks by to refill his coffee and peeks over his shoulder. She makes a startled sound of recognition, and Steve looks up to see whether she’s recognized him, but no— she’s just looking at the drawing. He asks her, politely, what the matter is, and she tells him that she hasn’t seen Tony Stark in weeks.
“But I can—“
. He considers sitting in jail, in the most comfortable solitary cell his reputation can buy him, and resting in the knowledge that he will never again have to see the faces of the people he has failed, or the ones who failed him. He considers never failing again, because he will never be allowed to try. It is tempting.
from me—standing offer. I’ll get it right this time.”
He knew better than to try to draw Tony right now, though it was as tempting as ever.
One step forward, two steps back, Steve thought as he left. He dropped his face into his hands.
“Steve?” The faint amusement on Tony’s face slipped. “I—you’re not—what?”
Tony Stark is so much worse.
When Dormammu showed up, Tony pressed Steve’s hand like a promise before he went to face him alongside the other sorcerers. Friday watched them both, approving and determined, as she waited to lend Tony her strength in the fight. She had never doubted him, not for a second.
Tony takes two more painkillers to stave off the electromagnetic headache, and allows the hologram to form up around him again.
Steve’s eyes burned, and he hoped Tony would remember that—remember what had been honest and good about tonight, and not the awful way it was obliged to end. If any part of him lived on with Tony, he hoped it would be that.
“And… what do you think, now?”
Steve punches him in the face, hard enough to feel through armor, and Tony remembers the feeling of his mother’s last kiss on his cheek. A melody drifts through his head.
Steve’s getting low on money, so he gets a job. His French isn’t perfect and he’s got almost no experience with baking, but the aging proprietress of the patisserie really just needs another pair of hands, and his seem to suffice.
“I mean, it’s hard to keep pushing you away when I really
“A kiss?” he said, his voice slipping embarrassingly upwards.
Tony’s elegant lines looked like they belonged in a four-poster bed with silk hangings; his expression looked like he wanted nothing more than to be right where he was. His eyes were fixed on Steve.
—he felt, suddenly and powerfully, that he had failed Tony as a friend. He should have explained himself better, should have
“Can I getcha anything?” the bartender asked, not loudly, but suddenly enough to startle Steve’s eyes open. His face was kind. “Sorry. Long day, I bet. You’re not the only one, I’ve been here… long enough, anyway. You want the good stuff?” He inclined his head toward the shelves, and was halfway to reaching for one by the time Steve had the presence of mind to correct him.
How could it understand loving a man and still being so angry with him you can barely speak? How could it understand falling in love side by side on a battlefield and crying in an empty bed and smiling so damn wide when he touches the shoulder of your armor and calls you
feelings of past companionship?
“No,” T’Challa says again. It’s unequivocal, and it makes Steve feel like wringing his hands in frustration. “I think you mistake my hospitality for an agreement with your politics, Captain. You forget that it was my father who brought the Sokovia Accords into being, and that it was I who maintained their implementation after his death. You are welcome to stay in my city. You are not welcome to insult myself and my Dora Milaje by intruding where you are not wanted or needed.”
He would want Tony to keep fighting, if he knew. Tony can’t afford to lose the days, or he’ll lose the nights as well, and if he loses the nights, he might as well give up on his friends altogether. He might as well betray them for real.
Logan crossed his arms over his chest, looking reluctant. He finally nodded slowly, though. "Yeah. I think I'm about all you have that can deal with it." He glanced at Bruce. "Just about."
Clint had possessed razor-sharp reflexes and peak human speed since his mid teens. He'd trained for years to hone every muscle and bone in his body for battle. None of that explained the bizarre strength and agility with which he leapt at the distracted god, obsidian-black hammer in hand, and swung at Loki's ribs as his bow clattered to the floor in the place he'd stood a moment before.
Tony and Coulson arrived to find everyone busy and no one particularly inclined to stop and speak to them. Which meant waiting. With the adrenaline flowing and every muscle in his body tense, the last thing Coulson wanted to do was park himself in a chair and wait. But he did. He parked Tony's chair right next to him, sank down onto the plastic surface, and tried to look calmer than he felt. "He'll be fine. He's survived worse than this."
Logan was already up and bringing back a frosted bottle with the cap off. "Things not so great in New York, huh?" He settled in his recliner again, a beer of his own in hand. He tilted his head at Scott. He'd taken Scott's haunted look as an artifact of his captivity, but it now occurred to Logan that the other man might have been dealing with an entirely different set of baggage. "You're safe here, at any rate. I don't think they're gonna throw you out if they wanna keep me around."
"Ooo, nice. Eggs Benedict," Tony muttered, grabbing the plate. He was already somehow looking miraculously like he didn't have a hangover at all. He settled down with his food and the accompanying newspaper. "Hmm... nothing new. Guess Loki hasn't turned up yet."
It was several moments before Tony got hold of himself, and he groped around blindly until he managed to get his hand on the box of tissues and clean himself up a bit. "Love you," he murmured shakily, his hands sliding over Steve's arms as he settled back into the bed. He burrowed in close to Steve, feeling as if he couldn't get any closer. Falling silent, he felt exhaustion tugging at him. He wanted to stay awake, but it was a losing battle, and he fell asleep after murmuring the words a second time.
Logan shook his head, sliding his hand to the back of Scott's neck. "You think too much, Scooter," he growled, dragging the man into another kiss, drawing Scott's tongue into his mouth and sucking on it as he ground his hips up against his lover. Maybe it was callous or maybe it wasn't, but Logan wasn't the sort to spend his time mourning too heavily especially when he was pretty sure what activities Stark would encourage in the same situation.
Darien tossed his head back and groaned. "Yeah. It could. Especially if a wicked, evil guy was to take me back to his room." He smirked, looking back at Clint. "Meeting done?" It definitely felt like Clint wanted some playtime, but he hated to assume anything. Darien knew with his luck that Clint might just be winding him up to let him down. The guy definitely had enough of a cruel streak to manage it.
Logan quirked a faint grin, glad for the distraction of company. It was hard not to wallow in the past couple decades of his life when it was all he could remember. Hell, it'd been a couple of months after he'd come to on Three Mile before he'd rediscovered his claws. Figuring other things out was even more of a chore and had a tendency to occupy his thoughts on a good day or become an unhealthy brood-and-booze session at worst. "Alright. A bar it is. Know any good-?" Logan was interrupted by the ring of Steve's cellphone, and Logan cringed when Steve got the thing out and it was flashing Stark's name and face. The feral mutant had to bite back a groan as his ears picked up Tony's end of the line.
"Oh, of course! I'm sorry. The serum. We've been working on a way to reactivate the serum. Mr. Stark," she faltered, smile fading, and then continued, "had asked us to. Dr. Banner joined us last night, and he solved the last piece of the puzzle." Simmons opened a small cooling unit and drew out a syringe. "We have a way to reactivate the serum, Captain Rogers."
It was all Steve could do not to beg Tony to give in and just touch him already. Just the look in Tony's eyes made him weak in the knees. The man was sex on legs. Even if he'd wanted to try being strong and saying no, Steve wasn't sure it was possible to turn down Tony Stark looking so hot and so eager. "Please, Tony..." The words escaped in a breathless gasp despite his best efforts.
Besides, there was work to do. Putting on the suit felt bizarre. It wasn't just that it didn't quite fit - he wasn't sure if Tony just hadn't ever had the chance to get his new dimensions or if he'd been hopeful that they'd be changing again - it was that he felt wrong wearing it at all. Tony was the one who wore the suit. It didn't matter that the colors were his own or that he'd seen Rhodey in the War Machine armor once or twice. That was different. Steve had no idea how, but it was different.
Clint smiled back, opened his mouth to say something smartass, then shook his head. "I... No, actually. I mean, not that I'm above hearing dirty stories about you, but... no. That was perfect." He ran his thumb over Phil's, thinking quietly. "I was a lot older before I realized it. Dad was..." Clint choked a little on his words and shook his head. "Well, I didn't feel too safe telling anyone in my family much of anything that personal, and I got the feeling that being anything but 'normal' wasn't okay, so... I just tried not to let myself think too much about the fact that I'd catch myself staring a little too long at the other guys in the locker room or feel my pulse hike when I got to look through men's health magazines. I kinda managed to not think about it for a long while, and then I found myself in the circus." He smirked, looking a lot more relaxed. "They didn't see things as much in black and white. I was about sixteen when I joined."
"I will," Loki assured, "although you may have to help me convince him that I don't intend to scramble his brain while I'm doing it." He shrugged nonchalantly. "It's a fear that is not without a strong basis, but... well, in Agent Romanov's case, I can assure you it was due to her resistance, not any particular malice. I had outside requests in regard to Logan and Summers. I suppose that means I owe them apologies as well." Loki rolled his eyes and fell back against the pillows as if overwhelmed by the sheer force of politeness that might be expected of him. His expression sobered, "I'll need to go to Asgard. Briefly." The thought of the place made him ill. He never wanted to walk the halls of the palace again. "I need to tell my moth- to tell the Lady Frigga that I am sorry to have involved her."
"This is one of the rare moments where I almost wish Fury was paranoid enough to put tracking devices in the back of our necks," Coulson mused as they stared out over the vast and rather disheartening expanse of absolutely nothing. Finally he closed his eyes and focused on letting the tense muscles in his body relax. Being vigilant was good, but he hadn't honestly relaxed since they were taken, and that was forcing his body to work double time. If they were going to spend the night walking only to realize they needed to do even more walking, he had to recharge a little first. With food and water out of reach, that left rest. "Do me a favor and poke me if I need to wake up and help you stomp a snake to death or something."
Logan dropped his head, giving Scott an obligingly predatory look as he leaned it to bite at the man's collarbone. "Do I have to pick?" he rumbled. Scott opening up for him was more than enough to break whatever discipline he had left, and he withdrew his fingers rather suddenly, grasping Scott's hip. He leaned up, biting at his lover's neck, breath puffing against Scott's ear as he growled, "'Cause you're makin' me wanna do both." With a slight shift, he was slowly sinking into his lover, dark hazel eyes fixed on the man's face as he took him.
"Actually, they did. Which is why I said bad news, not terrible news," Coulson countered easily. "We don't need your participation at all if you'd prefer not to be involved. Mr. Summers has been missing for almost a month already. To be honest, the chances of finding him get slimmer every day. If we do, there are no guarantees that we're still looking at a rescue mission and not a recovery. Since you're with us now, it just seemed fair to give you an appraisal of the situation."
Clint couldn't help but smile at the sentiment. He didn't enjoy Nat's frustration, but he could sure as hell relate. "Makes two of us. And Coulson's right. Pretty sure May hates me already," he said, grinning faintly. He looked to Coulson. He didn't want to leave Nat, but... "You think we should go make sure Stark isn't being useless?"
Logan nodded without hesitation. "'Course you can," he said then quirked a suggestive smile. "I'll help you anytime you need it. I'll be here."
"Mmmm...no, you aren't," Steve agreed. Badly as he wanted to lose himself in Tony, he also wanted to be available when Nat was ready for visitors. "After we see Nat, let's come back up here so I can give you that blow job we talked about earlier. The one you're going to be very good and very still for so we don't hurt your stitches."
drinking. Do not- did you just try to steal my wallet, I swear to GOD, Tasha, you corrupt all of your friends and you all already try to bankrupt me weekly. Rhodey, save me!”
“The final thing to cover is your family,” Steve began tentatively. “The name of your ex-wife is hardly known, and we already sent a number of publishers a request to remove her name from all previous articles about your arrest.”
“What about the gas?”
They didn’t return to the farm for a while, but since Steve was leaving at dawn, no one really had to question why.
“Well, I could share what I know about the person responsible for fixing the mess with the Pyms."
The volunteers eventually moved on, generously distracting Scott for a good hour and a half, though after, he was unable to deceive his body into ignoring that he was wiped out, repeatedly zoning out completely. To prevent himself from falling asleep, or something equally mortifying, Scott went to hunt down Steve or Natasha for another task.
Steve was nervous, and after a pause that confused Tony, he started to slowly write out F A R M -
“I have a way to contact him too,” Sam cheerfully explained.
Wanda’s response was muffled as she tugged a maroon sweater over her head. “Fine with me, I’d like a break.”
They drove off, and Scott made his way to his borrowed car.
verbal sniping) and Natasha interjected insults directed at either the two bickering or the group at large without bothering to look up from where she was sharpening her knives. Though those days were gone, and despite the roster changes, dinner in the Avengers’ Household still managed to be a chaotic affair. Food duties revolved from person to person, and while Sam was pretty good and Wanda had a natural talent for cooking and a love of exploring a number of cultural cuisines, most of the team weren’t natural chefs. Rhodey was rarely around but was only really good at instant stuff, Tony was terrible and would burn the place down if he was even around to try to cook, Natasha had a few recipes perfected, but was surprisingly bad at most else, and Vision didn’t even eat, so the responsibility to cook often fell on Sam, who was really also the only normally socialized one in the bunch, or Wanda. Steve was generally discouraged from cooking for lunch or dinner due to his insistence that “everyone needs to eat healthily, and limit take-out food.”
“That does sound nice, but my parents-"
Sam looked away from the screen where Natasha was thoroughly kicking Rhodey’s ass when he heard Scott’s footfalls, and glanced to Scott’s hands before frowning. “You took all that time and didn’t even get your refill?”
“I can still win this!” Rhodey yelled from his seat in front of the television.
Vision looked to Steve for confirmation, who considered the point, before nodding. “That fits Hydra’s M.O. Alright, Vision, you stay stateside. We don’t want to all be three hours away. Go check the quinjet to make sure it’s prepared for us.”
“It was really quite unkind of you,” Vision chimed in unhelpfully. “I was in the same room.”
Tony was perched on a counter with the elaborate coffee machine Scott fell in love with his first day in the compound, while Rhodey leaned on the counters next to him. “Indian food okay? I asked Friday and she said you all just finished a bunch of Chinese leftovers.”
“Well, what did the news report so far?”
“You really want to see my approach to
At risk of sounding like a broken record, one must say that this was an era of people beautiful in both spirit and body, so it was hard to say that Tony was
“Hey, you’ll have to bring your daughter to see her Dad’s fancy job,” Sam commented.
After a beat, Steve replied. “We rest before a debrief. We’ll probably order food for dinner.”
“Did you… Hide her? Or..?”
Steve paused for one moment before following the others, taking the time to make eye contact with Scott and smile encouragingly. “It is good to finally meet you, Scott. I trust you’ll help us save a lot of lives.”
Tony never failed to thank him when he did this. Steve would quietly tell him he never needed nor wanted thanks.
“They’re very interesting?” Sam responded smoothly.
Vision inclined his head slightly, and despite the short time they knew each other, Scott could tell the other hero approved of his answer.
“I think I’ll get a drink refill, anyone else need one while I’m up?” When everyone chorused their refusals, Scott stretched luxuriously, getting up from his seat next to Sam on one of the couches, and wandering in the direction of the team kitchen. When he got to the door, he noticed Tony and Steve, heads bent in conversation, at the other side of the kitchen. He wasn’t sure what it was that made him do it, maybe just reflexes, but Scott silently tucked himself out of anyone’s immediate line of sight and listened. He probably should have just walked away if he thought the two wouldn’t want to be disturbed, or made his presence known so he could get his drink, but good judgement and a healthy respect for privacy were not usually the things Scott was accused of. He tuned in just in time to catch the tail end of Steve’s question.
“That fits with this group’s style, don’t worry about it,” Steve said kindly, before pointedly looking at the two with a history of talking before Congress.
Story Notes: Steve and Tony begin having important conversations a bit earlier in this universe. Tony is still shaken by being confronted by Miriam Sharpe, mother of Charlie Spencer, the boy who died in Sokovia, but he likes to stew about stuff before he shares.
“They do. Right now it goes me, Tony, Rhodey, Wanda, Natasha, Vision, and Sam,” Steve answered.
The conversation moved smoothly enough from there as Wanda and Vision began their mission debrief while Natasha and Sam asked Scott about his explorations around the compound.
“Yeah, Rhodey hands them the paperwork from the US government that politely asks the Nigerian government to excuse all the damages we helped cause, after Steve explained why we came in guns blazing to their country in the first place,” Sam replied. “Sometimes NATO steps in.”
Sam shrugged. “I won’t deny that.”
Vision just smiled softly. “That’s the end of my test, then. Natasha? Steve?”
“Take your time. But not too much time, I promised Laila we could practice some archery and she has a curfew,” Clint said, joking to give Scott time to gather himself.
The support of his family bolstering his steps, Tony strode to Steve’s house on the edge of the field and knocked loudly. Between the first knock and the last, it occurred to Tony that he hadn’t really slept, probably looked as nervous as he felt, and hadn’t brushed his hair in days.
The first time Tony met Scott, he was having a bowl of cereal. He had been welcomed into the building just a couple days before, with a jaunty wave and an easy smirk from Sam.
“Hey, I did not tell him about any sort of cultish anything, that is not my fault,” he protested.
"Great food," Rhodey said.
“What Scott?” Sam asked sharply.
Vision doesn’t eat, but he still shows up for all the meals, even if there’s only one or two people. Maybe its loneliness, or he feels like he should, but no one questions it. Besides, he’s good company and knows when to give people space.
Steve groaned. “Guys, leave it alone. Tony and I are fine.”
They went to the cliffs one last time before Steve left at Tony’s insistence and because Steve would miss seeing Tony against the sea.
“Sure is,” Scott answered inattentively, before he fist pumped and made to high five the ant who had arrived to help him in the suit.
“You know my phone number?” After his question he instantly felt silly.
“Hi Scott. Did you sleep well?” Steve greeted the newest member as he started scrounging for his usual breakfast. (When he wasn’t missing his family too strongly, he leaned towards waffles. Then again, that could also be a sign of him missing his other family.)
“Media? Me?”
Cassie paused, and looked away to mess with her bunny. “But… You’d have a team, right?”
The phone was picked up on the third ring by his daughter, obviously recognizing the caller ID, and Scott felt his entire world get a little brighter at the shouted, “Daddy!”
“I’m quite pleased I assisted in your decision to join us,” Friday eagerly piped up.
“The American military will be transporting Crossbones, then?” Vision questioned.
Thanks to dontcallmeking for beta'ing!
Same internally acknowledged the point, but patted himself on the back for his forethought.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Scott? Just don’t die. I don’t get a say in your life anymore, except as the mother of our child. Cassie needs you around, and I can’t deal with the tears that would come with you getting hurt.” Her voice was soft despite the harshness of her words, and she smiled, proud. (If he wasn’t already sure he’d join the team, that pride would’ve convinced him. She was pleased with his decision, clearly approved of what he would be doing, and he still remembered the days when he had a significant other that would brag about “my husband, the systems engineer”)
“Whatever, I still have better inventions,” Tony said, trying for mulish but landing closer to fond. “You’ll miss me, won’t you?”
Steve let that slide to continue. “Once you’ve recovered a bit, you’ll tackle Vision’s test.”
“Only three people knew about my wife and kids when I was still working. Natasha, Coulson, and Nick Fury. They were the closest thing I had to a team, and I didn’t trust about anyone else.”
“HA!” Scott couldn’t helped the triumphant laugh as he broke the firewalls and took his first look at the main coding. His face paled as he processed it.
When he went silent Tony just got more agitated, because Bucky wasn’t stupid, and Tony could recognize when he was about to be smug.  He. The man had a tendency to dramatically announce whatever brilliant thing he just discovered or realized as soon as it came to mind, and it drove Tony mad.  (Both men denied being capable of just as much smugness as the other when Steve or Rhodey tried to bring it up.)
“Friday! You said you’d be my lookout!” He yelled half accusatory and half sheepishly as he struggled to look presentable.
Scott noticed then that the others were settled back in their chairs, obviously content to sit back and observe.
“He’s trying to throw us off,” Natasha commented thoughtfully. “Maybe to avoid exposing any more Hydra resources or objectives?”
Hope just shot him a look drier than Lagos’s climate, and waited him out.
The group spent some time teasing Rhodey about not being around enough, before they all gushed about Scott’s performance the other day. Despite Rhodey’s joking initially, he did have to take a number of calls and work on stuff on a fold out tablet of some sort. The team almost seemed relieved though, and not only because Rhodey was putting out their fires.
It was time for Scott to make the fateful call. He had talked to his family, employer, friends, and his conscience, and he couldn’t stall any longer. He’d even venture to say he was excited. Sam picked up on the second ring, and Scott amusedly wondered if the man had been waiting for the call day. That thought made him feel a bit better when he gave in and agreed to join the team.
The ensuing tournament ended up devolving like the board games before it, but Scott decided he could blame that on Tony joining the tournament with cheat codes and Steve breaking the controller after Sam won their match.
“Ah, they return-” Tiberius stopped in shock, and Rumiko couldn’t help her blush either. Margaret was much better at hiding her surprise, but she felt a rare pang of empathy for her employers as she also took in the two men approaching.
“But really, I do want to recruit him. Full membership, yeah? I think he’d be a good Avenger, and I know you handle all the administrative stuff,” Sam pointed out hopefully.
Steve wasn’t able to really contain the mirth that bubbled out of him, and his smile remained as they returned, amused how Tony tried to seem unruffled by how unprepared he was for the visitors while also trying to clean off some of the grease on his hands and arms.
But Tony knew naught, nor cared, about who people thought was the most beautiful in all the lands, and as a young teen, in fact cared little at all whether people found him attractive. What he was far more concerned with was his intellect. He lived on a farm with his parents, his mother in charge of overseeing the crops, animals and the management of the small village tied to them, while his Father worked in his workshop built into a hill. His father was famous around the world for his way with machines, and would regularly make trips to the castle of the king to present His Majesty with new creations and weapons of war.
Steve had his code of ethics, and even in America, they had already heard of what Hydra had done to their own people. The plans they had for Genosha could only be worse, and as such, Steve was going to fight to stop this clear force of evil.
Pls take this chapter. I saw Infinity War on the opening Friday, was destroyed emotionally, and returned to this partially out of a need for a coping mechanism.
“Speaking of, let us eat while the food is still warm!” Wanda interjected, and the food was quickly distributed.
Hope smiled, a small private thing, and when Scott reached for a hug she allowed it.
Tiberius was delighted by the clear engineering genius who lived out in this countryside, and further buoyed by the fact he was the heir to the very engineer Obadiah was dismayed he could no longer use.
“So there was a self-destruct sequence I had to disable.”
Hope pursed her lips. “I guess we would need to know how shrinking would affect microbes, or if we can target them.”
, dammit-” Tony tried to duck away, eventually hiding behind Steve.
There was another bloated pause as Steve took a deep breath before he responded. “Tony, about Wanda and Ultron, and about blame-“
“A bomb?” When Hope seemed surprised, Scott figured he owed her some context, though he also lacked some of his own.
But before Scott could do anything he’d regret, (or maybe something he wouldn’t regret as much as he should) Sam casually punched Rumlow, knocking him out. He grinned, shark like, at Scott. “I think my fist slipped.”
“I’m sorry, Steve, I’m afraid I can’t do that,” Tony said ominously, which Steve took a moment to process before beaming at the reference to a previous movie night. Sam booed at the joke, and Natasha hid a smile. Tony flicked his sunglasses on, bowed, and left with a dramatic air. Scott privately hoped he’d one day master the ability to seem like he always had some sort of legitimate business to get to or like he belonged wherever he was, but he mostly looked like he was up to something sketchy when he tried to be unassuming. (Which was especially frustrating when he
Wanda slunk to the space now vacated with the billionaire’s absence, gracefully using her powers to start the machine while she watched the conflict ensue.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, followed, bookmarked, or gave me kudos! You all keep me going!
He trudged out of the bed, only stopping to note the time, and opened the door to Sam, already dressed and looking annoyingly chipper. “It’s 7 am.”
Steve laughed. “Of course you do. I really don’t think I’ll be in much danger, especially because I won’t be around the biggest troublemaker I know.”
Scott nodded solemnly. “I plan on doing as much as I can.”
“You gave me a home, and I will return to you.”
“So they get to sit in the shade and drink coffee, and we have to stand up on a building in the sun?”
Tony’s felt abruptly dizzy once again, but after a pause where Bucky had him drink water, Tony insisted he continue. (Tony wasn’t the one who had gone to war, and would be furious at his reactions, but no one begrudged him his grief.) Everyone had heard of the Dread Pirate, and everyone knew he kept no prisoners. He was the most famous pirate in the world, and his crew was, ironically to Tony, called the SHIELD. Bucky also admitted Steve had gotten stabbed with what they suspected was a poisoned blade in his fight with the dreaded Red Skull.
“I’m afraid I don’t understand your question,” the AI was apologetic as she said this, and Scott hastened to rephrase his query.
“Do you see them too, or am I hallucinating?” Steve followed where Bucky was pointing and felt his jaw drop at the procession of horses worth a good year’s wages and the soldiers chatting amiably. Bucky whistled, and Steve frowned around the barrel he was supposed to be lugging to the silo. “Take over for me? I’m going to tell Jarvis.”
“I’m not going to be in charge of the ship, Tony.”
“See, I said that about the wings, until I had my first flight with the newly upgraded tech and promptly ate my words. I don’t refuse improvements anymore,” Sam cheerfully informed Scott, and the engineer wouldn’t lie, that was a tempting thought. Working with Tony Stark was like a wet dream for anyone who loved technology.
Sam lost the smile then, and made sure to meet Tony’s eyes seriously.
After tucking in his daughter to bed, he trailed downstairs to where Paxton and Maggie were chatting at the kitchen table. (The fact they let him talk to Cassie unsupervised never ceased to surprise him, but man, was he grateful for it.)
Tony looked over his glasses at Steve. (Scott had been surprised to know Tony Stark needed glasses until he saw Tony using his glasses as a communicator.) “Wanna take this, Cap?”
Scott found himself waking up on his fourth day in the Avenger’s compound to the sound of knocking at his door.
Yeah, I was hoping to update this by Christmas and then to get a second chapter up on New Year’s Day. But winter break was frantic, then a new semester started, which kicked my ass, then I was sick during Spring Break, then it was finals, and then I was visiting family in Europe… Yeah, life is a mess.
The answer to that was quite clear. Bucky began his story.
“Oh, Jarvis, I was just- I couldn’t sleep,” Tony admitted, as both he and Jarvis knew he was never up in the morning unless he never went to bed.
Tony just hummed noncommittally, reminding Steve abruptly of Maria.
“No.”
“But Peggy isn’t like him at all! Hell, she calls him a fool constantly, and only works with him because she needs him to sponsor her ascent among the military!”
"Um, I have a job, right here? Where I work?"
Steve winced, but Tony answered. “Probably. Some politicians get skittish and whiny when we don’t seem to be following US policy, so they’ll lean on Ellis about making a statement.”
Vision, who tended to go insubstantial anytime he wasn’t retrieving a ball to quickly fling or pass on, was hard to hit, but Natasha had predicted his movements, scarily enough. Steve had been carefully watching her since then, while avoiding Sam’s projectiles with enviable ease. (Natasha was frighteningly accurate, Steve had great speed, Wanda could pull off throws at any distance, and Sam was an opportunist. Vision didn’t care much for the game.)
“I have to leave,” Steve replied.
“She’ll be so smug,” Scott admitted.
Scott had been distracted by his work on the bomb, but he now realized that Crossbones and Steve had stopped their fight and were talking. It wasn’t until he heard Steve’s voice go all weird and dangerous that Scott paused to consider why the name “Bucky” was so familiar.
“I don’t think we do, because we already did. Debrief, remember?”
“I am Vision. That is my preferred mode of address. I am not a human and also a member of this team.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But Natasha and Steve were already moving down the hallway, engaged in some playful argument about someone “cheating last time”.
“Oh man, I know who you are. You’re Captain America!” Scott shook Steve’s hand enthusiastically, before realizing what he was doing. “I’m shaking your hand too long. Just… Captain America! And there’s Black Widow! Sorry, it’s just that my daughter is such a big fan of all of you.”
“I don’t know why she insists on bullying Redwing, she didn’t need to jump off him to reach the next floor of the building,” Sam groused. Natasha just smirked in her usual enigmatic way, and Wanda laughed at Sam’s ire while the Captain turned to look at one of the hidden cameras.
When Peter determinedly locked Tony out of the workshop one night so he’d sleep, Tony thought of how Steve and he would plot massive offenses to trick or prank the other, and how Steve could win fights against groups of men with his wits and his fire.
“You’re just saying that because your team won,” Sam groused, but he was smiling too.
"I'd be super far away from my daughter if I live in New York... Can I just join you guys case by case?"
“Yeah! And then they’ll make sure you come back safe to me,” Cassie reminded him.
“I went through all that training yesterday. Besides, I’ve handled my share of bullies,” Scott pulled up his most confident grin to assure him, though Steve still seemed tentative.
Some years earlier, when Tony first engineered the system that would automatically irrigate the Stark fields with water from the nearby lake, Maria insisted they tell the town and get all the people to come see it happen.
The party had long since mellowed out, the people who had been drinking pleasantly buzzed or already starting to sober up. Wanda’s food and the various melting pints of ice cream and baked goods had been devoured. Happy had eventually reappeared after some errands, but still ended up retiring early, too tipsy to enjoy himself after foolishly asking for a rematch in the form of a drink off with Natasha. (Scott privately thought that anyone who had already faced Natasha in one way or the other probably shouldn’t try again, and everyone’s ribbing mixed in with their warnings seemed to indicate they felt similarly.) Rhodey, Natasha, Wanda, Vision, Sam and Scott were scattered around the couches for video games, as the group had to stop playing cards after Natasha threatened to stab Tony during Uno. The billionaire wisely fled, and it was decided the group as a whole was too competitive for card and board games. Steve insisted they didn’t get as feisty when playing video games, but Scott was privately doubtful, watching how Sam and Wanda yelled during their match.
“According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, a “lookout is “one engaged in keeping watch”. I was looking out for the team, but I guessed from the context of your instructions that as lookout I’d be on the watch for potential threats. Since the Avengers are not a threat to civilians unless you are engaged in threatening or illegal activity, and you were invited to attempt to break into the Stark industries servers and as such are not engaged in the aforementioned threatening or illegal, I took that to mean the Avengers were not individuals that you would need to be warned about and did not alert you to their presence, potentially jeopardizing your current efforts to hack into the mainframe.”
Tony was never complacent, though, and his newly realized love still spurred him on. He continued to create, continued to travel to install great inventions, and to help the people with his innovations. He was particularly proud of the many improvements he made to local orphanages, including one he knew Bucky had spent a spell at. (All free of charge, because what kind of fiend would take money from orphans?) While trying to keep the farm flourishing and himself distracted, he surpassed the boundaries of his previous inventions by far. He didn’t have a healthy work schedule even before he found out Steve loved him, but his efforts were even more chaotic after he lost his favorite non-engineering pastimes. (Listening to Steve, teaching Steve and Bucky, teasing Steve, watching Steve, pranking Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve.) If Jarvis wasn't there to drag him out of his workshop, who knows if he'd even remember to eat.
Scott gaped at them all, barely able to handle what had just occurred. “Just like that? No weird contracts, no initiation, no cultish rituals?”
Tony nodded thoughtfully, seriously considering the explanation. “Makes sense, I mean, the suit isn’t made out of iron, but they all called it that anyway. It’s actually a gold-titanium alloy,” Tony confided seriously to Scott. Scott caught himself nodding along, mind quickly analyzing that information with what he knew of the suit.
Scott grunted to acknowledge the point, and almost laughed delightedly when he reached one of the platforms high above the ground. Then the tightrope appeared and he vaguely wanted to cry.
“The Avengers lucked out with you,” Hope commented and Scott took that for the high praise it was, considering the Pyms were not inclined to plainspoken affirmation.
“Report.”
“Well? What’s up?”
She hummed affirmatively before returning to her book.
“You heard about it, then?” Sam inquired curiously.
He side-eyed Natasha nervously. “Am I playing you first?”
<><><><><><><><><><>
The ex-con froze, the realization that the Avenger had seen him eating the children’s cereal dawning on him. He groaned, head in his hands, and dropped into his chair dejectedly. “Friday, please tell me he wouldn’t notice my choice in cereal.”
Sam shifted uneasily at that. “Well, there is something you need to know. He’s a convicted criminal. He’s out now, but he does have a record.”
While dinner wrapped up and Sam teased Scott about his volunteering to do the dishes while helping him dry, Natasha meandered over to where Steve was writing down what Wanda and Vision reported from their mission. (The serpent was unusual but apparently not magically or scientifically advanced. Probably a freak mutation? Tony already sent a high-altitude drone to monitor the region’s ocean.)
“Tony, you gave me a home.”
Steve enjoyed the challenges. The farm work was never boring, because while Bucky was whining about mucking out the stables, Steve had to work out the cryptic instructions on how he was supposed to assemble part of an irrigation system. He learned how to find traps in the crops, met every person in town on Tony’s wild goose chases, and was one of the few people allowed to interact with Dum-E. He also became the only other person Dum-E was fond of. (Tony would have yelled at Dum-E for the behavior, but it felt hypocritical.) Tony’s provocations and Steve’s clever responses became commonplace, and while many considered this to just be another example of Tony’s eccentricity and Steve’s ability to weather anything, those who knew Tony saw friendship. Even Bucky came to tolerate their battles, not only because he saw how Steve loved them, but because he came to see Tony meant no real harm.
“But what does his selection mean for the Avengers?” Steve pressed.
“Capture the flag?” Scott asked, bafflement coloring his voice.
“I’m an Avenger too, and you just sassed me when we met,” Sam complained. “Why don’t I get hero worship?”
But when the pirates attacked their ship, Steve and Bucky leapt onto their deck, and raised a hell of a diversion. The two had attached ropes to their own crow’s nest to their belts in the hopes it’d help them return to the ships, but Steve’s was severed in the chaos. He destroyed the pirates’ main mast with an explosive he threw together, but before it detonated, he threw the shield to Bucky and pushed them both off deck. The crew of the ex-Hydra ship, now filled with Genoshan forces and other volunteers like Steve and Bucky, caught the man and pulled rapidly away as the pirate ship scrambled to recover from the shock of a sudden explosion.
“Damn. Just… Damn. Friday, that new compound, fabricate some so I can start stress testing it to withstand bullets of that caliber and velocity.”
“Sure, as long as you call me Scott.”
“What, she told you to join?” Sam grinned.
He warmly said “Believe me, that’s not the plan,” and then promptly wanted to slap himself when Maggie’s smile dropped off her face. The last time he had said that was when she was yelling at him after she found out what he did, and she told him he could be arrested.
“Okay. I won’t.” Steve picked his way around the debris of machines Tony seemed to have shattered and gently leaned over to try to detangle Tony from his mother’s quilt. By some miracle, it was still in good condition, but Steve knew Tony would be furious at himself if he managed to ruin it. He gently folded it and set it out of reach of both Tony and Dummy, and brought the glass or water Jarvis had left for him to Tony.
"I can't believe you kept the break-in a secret from me," he shook his head seriously and Sam shrugged.
“Ever, huh?” Tony said playfully, but his voice almost cracked. “So you like it?”
When Steve tried to thank the teen the next time he saw him, Tony waved off his attempts and threatened to sic Dum-E on him. “Really, it’s fine, don’t thank me, God, you deserve to learn. Seriously, just show me what you learned instead. Write your name for me?”
Steve frowned at Sam’s obvious change of subject but let it go. He really wasn’t in the mood to talk about it either. “Alright.”
The soup was incredible, and they still had more left after most of the team got thirds. The stuffed cabbage was somehow both bizarre and super appetizing. The chaos of the meal had slowed down considerably before Scott’s curiosity couldn’t be contained any longer.
“Lots of late nights and weird trips,” Sam joked.
“What do you mean? You’re not leaving the farm, are you?” Steve faltered.
Scott’s perspective of the fight was mostly a blur of badassery after that, as he and Sam set about covering Wanda while she threw Steve into the building and started funneling the gas out. Sam had just beaten two combatants with a missile while Scott threw one into a truck when Steve updated the team on the situation.
Scott sat heavily on the ground, releasing the latch on his helmet to get a bit more air. “Man, those robots don’t mess around.”
“Oh, yeah, I mean, yes please. I’d appreciate that. I don't have the best history with the press...”
Maria never ceased to sigh when an argument began. Howard was an alcoholic, especially prone to dipping into his reserves after returning from a job with the King. When Howard got drunk, he would look for his favorite target, eager for a fight.
“Capital of Nigeria, I think.”
Tony laughed as he prepared to leave in the suit again. “Whatever, Wilson. See if I get you that upgrade now.”
“We’re controlled by the government?” Scott probably should have asked that ages ago, or have been more clearly told that, because he was definitely making a break for it if the man was about to start calling his shots.
Wanda lightly pushed him telekinetically while grinning. “I didn’t insult your test, lay off mine.”
Natasha exhaled sharply, much like any other human being would scoff contemptuously. “Believe me, even with all the files we exposed, they have reliable sources.”
“No kidding. Proved my paranoia right. But it’s harder with big groups to vet them all. And I trust Natasha more than anyone, she trusts even fewer people than me and
"I mean, could I have been talking to you this whole time? Like… chatting? Asking you random questions? Or would that take too much of your time?”
Sam shrugged casually. “I guess I was.” When Scott’s face contorted worryingly, Sam hurried to comfort the guy. “But that was me, and you are you. Trust me, you’re doing fine. They’ve already welcomed you in, and I like you.” Scott did look a bit comforted by that and took a deep breath to further steel himself. The thing was, Sam wasn’t just saying whatever he needed to say get him to calm down. He did genuinely like the man, and wouldn’t deny that the grateful smile sent his way made him feel good about staying around to talk to Scott privately.
Scott just shrugged, much to Sam’s displeasure, before turning to shake hands with Natasha when she stepped forward. “Natasha Romanoff. Pleasure to meet you and have you on the team.”
Sam winced at that and made to apologize, but Tony held up a hand to stop him before he could. “Don’t worry about it. Actually, before I forget, you did talk to Cap about this, right?”
Bucky and Steve learned from Maria, Howard made weapons of war for the royal family, Tony created clockwork machines and yelled at Dum-E, and Rhodey got stronger and stronger working the windmill.
But Scott was unwilling to give up the fight just yet, amazing as the idea that the Avengers would be happy to meet him was. “Give me a day to think about it.”
“I’m afraid he likely did. He already told me to note your eating habits and update the grocery list accordingly. Is there a reason you’d not want him to see your choice in breakfast foods?” Friday at least had the grace to sound apologetic, despite failing to see how mortifying the situation was.
Sam and Natasha just watched quietly, until Scott leaned in to ask a question. “So we just wait?”
“A leftover tradition from the original team,” Natasha added, a touch of wistfulness to her voice that only Steve caught, though Scott noticed when the two made eye contact and shared a melancholy smile.
<><><><>
"So that answers one of the questions I was going to ask about your powers,” Steve called out to the engineer buried in their building.
Scott shook his head. "Hank was very emphatic about it. He has trust issues."
“Of course, Steve. Also, Tony is in the kitchen and ready to chat with all of you, but says you can all change and shower first, according to your preference.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Scott was so busy basking in how nice this whole team thing was working out that he didn’t quite think how his next statement would sound out loud. “No, I’m pretty sure it’s disabled.” There was another weighted pause and Scott quickly amended his statement. “Definitely sure.”
Jarvis kissed his godson’s forehead, and woke Bucky. Tony guessed they had been taking shifts to watch him. He asked Jarvis how long he had been out. Three days was quite a long while, Tony knew, but the significance was lost on him at the moment.
“You guys know I can move things with my mind, right?”
Steve cleared his throat meaningfully, and the group obligingly went quiet. “You see that Range Rover halfway up the block?
“Yeah, get stopped, Pain and Panic! Fight em off, Hercules!”
It was an era of brilliance.
“Yes, she looks at him like he’s exhausting-”
Sam groaned, deep down knowing she was right, before running to catch up with his teammates.
up to something.)
Sam just patted his back before leaving with a whistle.
Steve opened his mouth to argue, all of instincts disquieted by the happening, but wisely set off without a word when he caught Jarvis’s eye. The man could be terrifying and everyone on the farm learned how he tamed two generations of Starks and survived many conquests. (He was also famous for holding grudges and could smile with such false civility it could turn your blood cold. Though his temper was not unreasonable or prone to injustice.)
Bucky almost fell in his surprise, and Jarvis pretended not to notice. “Going after him? Please try to shake some sense into him. Heaven knows, I’ve tried.”
Steve spoke up quickly to prevent the bickering that would inevitably distract everyone. “Wanda’s challenge just finished.”
“We won’t let anything get out about your family again,” Steve said earnestly.
“ I mean, what do I still have to say? I’m an Avenger now, and disarmed my first chemical bomb in the field,” Scott offered.
“Well, it's good you know Ms. Potts as well,” Hope smirked at the formality, but Scott hadn't yet met her and felt awkward enough as it is. “Since I was wondering how long they’ve been dating.”
“You think that’s bad, create an AI and watch as she’s disloyal to you,” Tony whined.
When Steve approached, Tony groaned, but, as usual, let Steve get away with what he was doing. “Tony-”
“Real charmer,” Steve muttered.
Friday took that to be her cue to chime in. “I do place the orders themselves with the dining establishments, but the boss decides what location or type of food to order every week.”
“Alright. Let me know your decision tomorrow. Remember, you and your family will be taken care of too.” The two finished the call and Scott proceeded to freak out in the living room while Luis gave him waffles and Kurt and Dave gave him unhelpful advice. (The three took the invitation to join the Avengers as a given, as well as his acceptance of said invitation. They were generally unperturbed by the situation, which probably shouldn’t be surprising after the adventure they had just had together. Seeing a friend shrink to the size of an ant probably raised the levels for how for amazing something has to be for you to be surprised by it. Kurt did ask for Black Widow’s signature, though that was definitely understandable, all things considered.)
Jarvis came in a couple hours later, the whole time of which Tony spent quietly watching the veteran of a war no one would truly win.
The two chatted a while longer, with Hope delivering stinging rebukes of some of her colleagues and their proposed solutions. Before they had gotten even halfway through their drinks, though, some other patrons discussed the Avengers within earshot.
Jarvis inclined his head in acknowledgment, and Margaret once more felt herself admiring this strong man who remained unperturbed by the awkward situation he was placed in by nobles with measures far beyond his kin.
Sam frowned. “At work, what is he doing-“
Hope just replied with her patented wry look.
Hope smirked. “That reminds me, you still owe me some answers.”
The teen was muttering to the hawk as he walked back.
“But they don’t know what to do when faced with an even bigger asshole,” Sam replied.
The WWII vet drummed his fingers on the desk thoughtfully. “Well, we’d have to make sure the team is okay with a new member, first off. We all know you’d only invite someone that you approve of, so that’s probably not going to be an issue. Secondly, I do need to know his name and history, so cut it out with the vague hints.”
Scott couldn’t help the delighted grin and looked to where Steve was cheering, Vision was clapping politely, and Wanda and Sam pretended to be upset.
He had gotten stronger from the farm, kind over the years, and smart from his studies. While Tony was overwhelming about his genius, sometimes operating in a fugue of instinct and outlandish ideas, and Bucky was a clever man but didn’t care for history or writing, Steve was a hard worker through and through. He thirsted for knowledge and studied tirelessly, with particular knacks for art, writing, and languages. His persistence came in handy for the latter subject, as any time he found someone who spoke a language he was learning or wanted to learn, he badgered them relentlessly for practice. Despite how people would start off helping him reluctantly, by the time Steve had gotten a grasp of the language, they would refuse any of compensation for their time. He was lovable, quickly worming his way into Jarvis’s heart as well. Jarvis was told Steve sometimes helped Maria balance the books for math practice, so he went to the boy to help understand the state of the farm.
When he got to the massive compound that was to be his new home, Sam met him with a grin, gave him a basic tour of the training facilities, Scott’s quarters, and all the communal spaces, before expressing the team’s regrets that they couldn’t welcome him in person. He then literally grew wings and flew away. Sam was definitely a show-off at heart, but Scott had to admit he had a flair for the dramatic.
Before Steve could finish, the skylight opened and Tony dropped down, landing dramatically.
“I- I don’t…”
Sam smiled at that, and unthinkingly blurted out, “He’s an engineer too.” He froze, worried that Tony would realize he had overheard him, but Tony gave no indication that he caught the slip. He just beamed at Sam. “Well, now you’re just buttering me up, Wilson. A hero and a scientist? Yeah, I won’t protest you inviting him. Do I get any info on him so I can start arranging everything to welcome him?”
If he hadn’t been focused intently on catching up with all the backstory to this ‘Crossbones’ guy, Scott had no doubt he be geeking out over the beauty that was the Avengers’ Quinjet. But as it was, he was catching up on a few months of action since the whole helicarrier debacle. (Steve was pleasantly surprised when Scott admitted he had already gone through a lot of the files from Natasha’s info dump onto the internet, so he was partially aware of Hydra and how it had infiltrated SHIELD. He had liked to hack into the internet servers while in prison, and his habits of digging through the web didn’t stop after he got out.)
The conversation could’ve been going better. Scott pleadingly looked to where Hope was standing in the hopes she help him out. He had called her that morning to let her know his plans and to ask her to “coincidentally” be in the same place when he went to talk to her Dad over lunch. She gave him an admonishing look, but interrupted her Father’s angry ranting. “Dad, you gave him the suit, and he wants to use it to help people. He’s already said that he’d still help you with anything you need him to do in the suit. So what if he’s working with the Avengers and Tony Stark is one? You don’t think your petty rivalry with the Starks has gone on long enough?”
,’ Bucky thought exasperatedly. When Steve audibly sighed, Bucky threw his hands in the air and walked away, sure Steve wouldn’t even notice and sure Jarvis would cut him some slack today. Besides, he had been lurking near the workshop for days, waiting for Tony to inevitably sneak out. Bucky felt guilt deep in his gut for making Tony so uncomfortable, and while he and Rhodes had been trying for years to get these two morons together, he didn’t want his methods to hurt either one of them. Even if they had an incredible ability to cause their own problems.
"Can you really be accused of hacking law enforcement if you're technically law enforcement yourself?" Clint countered.
”So it’s a free-for-all? What are the teams?” Scott questioned.
Scott was pretty surprised himself. “Really? Do you not talk to the others?”
"Okay then, Mr. Tony, but I already have a job, and my parents might need me?"
They landed the jet a bit out of the city, and trekked in, Wanda and Sam flying parts of the way while Steve and Natasha rode her motorcycle. (Scott had gone ahead and joined Sam already.)
He really shouldn’t have underestimated Natasha’s test.
“I want to be here." Tony replied and Steve exhaled.
“Well. You can’t leave without a kiss.
Natasha let out a sharp bark laughter at that, surprising the room with her mirth. “Of course the Russian told you that. I was about to inform you that there would definitely be a terrifying initiation.”
“She tends to come in after handling her morning errands,” Natasha said smoothly, entering the room. The group greeted the spy who smiled before grabbing a bowl and some cereal. Scott barely hid his smile when he realized Friday had been right and she ate Rice Krispies.
“Trust your instincts more, they seem sharp.”
“Yeah, we wanted to make sure there was someone prepared in case Hydra had another attack planned.”
So while this isn't the first Stony fic I've worked on, it's the first I've felt ready to start posting. I wasn't planning on writing anything for this yet, but I just re-watched Civil War and had a lot of feelings about how easily it all could have been avoided, and needed to get it out on paper.
The conversation had just shifted to last week’s movie, 2001: A Space Odyssey, a pick by Vision, who apparently didn’t see why so many people found his choice hilarious, as he chose it out of fondness for Kubrick, when Friday suddenly interrupted the conversation. “I have a priority 1 message from Mr. Stark, regarding mission name: Pirate. “
“Hey, if you can’t make it happen, just say so, Stark. I thought you were smarter than that, but its fine,” Sam said dismissively, knowing the implication would piss off the older man.
“I trust your judgement, Steve.”  (Scott made another note to ask Sam whether it was normal for Tony to call Steve by his first name.)
“Let’s not do this, Cap,” Tony pleaded. (No way around it, that’s what Tony was doing.) “There’s nothing to say.”
“We have no idea, but he’s never missed a day.”
“But you do it so well,” Wanda said lightly from the sidelines.
“I was Ultron’s intended vessel, but they had an AI take over instead,” Vision explained when Scott turned to him for his own joining up story.
The suit took off and was out of sight in seconds. Sam rubbed his forehead at the headache threatening to appear, and groaned. It was like high school all over again. But before he could wallow too much in his exasperation, his phone lit up.
Steve simply avoided the shove and tried again. “I want to see you.”
The fool saw the tender smile he had previously, subconsciously, assumed was kept solely for him aimed at this strong woman with the gorgeous… everything, and felt a brewing dislike in his stomach. He stoically started off to his old workshop, sure he wouldn’t show them his new inventions in favor of the projects already seen before. Maybe he’d show one of his harmless but complex machines.
Vision tilted his head, considering that information as the group ate.
When he finally left with his stuff and a waffle for lunch, Scott met the first driver for his trip. Sam had sent him the directions for finding the super-secret Avengers Compound where he was now supposed to live, and Scott had to take a lot of connections to get there. (He didn't have the heart to tell anyone that he was already well aware of the location of the compound.) He luckily didn’t have a lot of luggage (was that lucky?) to carry, and while the reserved and quiet drivers were a little intimidating at first, all of the car rides and flights were comfortable.
“He has passed each test according to our conditions for victory.” Vision answered solemnly.
“Are those REAL explosions?!” Scott almost shrieked as loud booms resounded and smoke billowed through the gym.
Scott stared at her for a long time, smile frozen in his fear. Wanda patted him sympathetically. “She’s messing with you.” Scott looked at the younger fighter with obvious relief.
“I’m with you, Captain. You okay?”
Tony made an affronted noise. “Listen Cap, I am not some damsel in distress.”
Scott startled, obviously at a loss for what he should do now when a voice from next to him spoke up. “Why don’t you call Cassie? The comms work long distance.” Scott turned to look at Sam, who was smiling warmly and sympathetically. “I understand that post-battle edginess, but Wanda has the criminals under control, Natasha is one of the best of us at media control at this point, and Steve will join her soon enough.”
Hope took pity on him and answered his inevitable next questions. “We aren't friends, but we are familiar. I was much younger than him when our families were on speaking terms. I probably know Potts better that Stark these days, considering who's in charge. Why?”
Steve nodded, acknowledging the assessment. “Friday, what time is that here?”
The gym was completely silent, and Scott tried a disaffected shrug that didn’t quite achieve casual. “I guess I also almost died a lot while fighting Cross.”
“I think you want to, deep down, and you need to trust yourself more.”
birthday, Bucky bought Steve a book of languages for his birthday, (with considerable help from the money left for them from Maria,) and Tony bought Steve a new book of parchment and a few delicate pieces of lead for drawing. He had noticed Steve’s unformed sketches in the margins of his work and books, and sold a couple automated door openers to the local noble family to buy the set.
Tony desperately sent letters to the possible bases and towns he could be staying at, and when Peggy appeared in town with a pale face and concern in her eyes, rightfully guessed Steve had told her too. She agreed to use whatever assets were at her disposal to also try to dissuade Steve, but they all knew the outcome.
There was a beat as their leaders processed the info. “It's a battering ram,” Natasha realized.
“Yes, Tony. I came to check on you.”
Once the dust had settled, there was silence before Wanda’s slightly panicked giggles mixed with Scott’s helpless laughter.
“He’s heard that one before," Rhodey explained.
After an exhausting day, Scott returned to his room, excited to sleep.
“Don’t get distracted now, guys. Like I said, we’ll make this an opportunity for training. All right, what do you see?” Steve prompted.
Quiet.
“Hank,” Scott interrupted the two, then promptly regretted it as they both turned glares on him. (They were definitely similar when it came to their tempers.) “Hank, I will not let the Pym Particle fall into anyone’s nefarious hands,” Scott said jokingly in an attempt to diffuse their tempers, then winced when the glares just intensified. He tried again, solemn this time. “Hank, no one has been able to quite perfect the formula like you did without deep knowledge of your methods and expertise. I will keep the particle secret, I will keep it safe, and I will use it only to help others. I trust the Avengers. You gave me a chance to redeem myself when no one else would, so give them a shot. Let me help them!”
The engineer almost threw Dum-E at Steve when he tried to be gracious again, using the donkey’s endless affection as a distraction to escape Steve’s overwhelming gratitude for what Tony knew he should have thought of earlier.
