“Here,” Cas notes, turning left abruptly and ducking under a line of caution tape,
“Please…,” his voice trails off, sounding distant.
Cas stares at his food, not in the mood to eat.
The discomfort he felt earlier that day at the thought of finishing Sam’s recordings presses against his ribs.  The realization of desiring humanity to the point of permanently discarding his grace also weighs on him.  Dean’s own mortality and the risks of their jobs is overwhelming, catches his breath sometimes.  Everything feels solid, an actual physical weight that’s holding him down.
Dean tries to think about anything else as he slicks his cock with oil.
Cas starts with his neck, working the suds in methodically. “It was worth a shot,” he teases.
; the list went on and on. Dean would listen for hours as Cas rattled off Shakespearean soliloquies between dry lips.  He didn’t know their importance and he’s sure Cas didn’t either. But to Dean, those quiet words meant improvement and hope.
Dean wants to kiss Cas, but he can’t stop staring at the man— the angel— in front of him.  Cas has been around since before time, when matter was still decompressing at an alarming rate in the universe, and he’s here now.  After every single thing they have both done, to the world and to each other, somehow the universe allowed for them to both be here in this moment.
“Why, gotta go see about a girl?” Dean quotes, putting the car in drive.
. “Uh, yeah, sure Cas, that’d be cool— yeah, lets go.”
Sam wastes no time ripping into the wrappings.  Cas got him an old angel’s manuscript, detailing the fighting techniques of angel garrisons, complete with pictures of their armour and diagrams of strategies.  He thanks Cas profusely, turning the pages slowly.  The he rips into Dean’s; Dean had found an old letter Bobby had written to their dad tucked in the back of his journal months ago.  It details the ten months they spent with Bobby when they were young; how good Sam was doing in school, how Dean could rival himself as a mechanic, how Sam would not stop talking at dinner about some girl in his class, how Dean spent most weekends fishing on the lake, and so on. Sam read the whole thing three times before turning to his brother.
Dean lies on his chest, ear to his heart and arm slung across his waist, snoring because he refuses to admit he’s sick.  His leg twitches when his snoring gets a little too loud.
“One more round, assholes!” the kid interjects. “Double or fuckin’ nothing’ and we play pairs again, dammit.” He’s the most drunk of his friends.
.  Cas huffs again.  Then he’s sitting up, hands braced on Dean’s chest, and he slams his hips down.
Dean shakes his head in response. “No, Cas, there’s nothing to apologize for. And helping with cases has been more than enough repayment.”
“Cas and I went to his place, but when we got there the door was open. We walked inside and it looked like another fucking blood ritual.”
Dean pushes his box aside and moves to shut the laptop.  Cas stops him, but does move it to the side.
Fear has taken up permanent residence in Dean’s chest, settling in nicely amongst his ribs, stretching out until it quakes through his fingers.
“Uhh, Sammy, we only got to the one.” He turns towards his brother. “It’s a lot worse than I thought, man, there’s bodies and blood
“There are two suspects, in particular, that the police suspect so far,” Cas informs.
Cas feels so weak.
Cas presses the back of his hand to Dean’s forehead.  He receives a withering look in response. “I’ll go find you some medication.” Cas sits up, pulling on the first pair of sweats he finds puddled on the floor next to the bed. “Do you want me to make breakfast too?”
man born on January 24th, 1979 as opposed to all the others born that day.  As opposed to any others born throughout the history of the human race.  He would never be able to explain to Dean how he had to only watch as his family was ripped apart, initially and every time after, and knowing that it was going to happen before it did.  Half of him is too coward to admit it and the other half unwilling to reveal that information because of the pain it would cause.
As he’s closing his eyes he hears a rustle and instinctively knows. He doesn’t know how he knows.
“You don’t think I don’t know that?” The edge in his voice sounds lethal. “You think don’t I realize how much you’ve hurt me?  I know you have, and yet, here I am.  Time and time again, I always come back to you.” His hands are warm on Dean’s jaw, his thumb stroking now, acting as a balm to his harsh tone. “But, Dean, we’ve both hurt each other...and for that I apologize,” he says, almost a whisper, but somehow stronger, the words resonating in Dean’s chest. “It boils down to this.”  They both take deep breaths. “The moment my grace touched your soul, I was lost; I know that now.” He gives a small smile. “And even though it might have taken me years to realize that, and years more to act on it, I wouldn’t want it any other way.”
Cas’s hands then bat away Dean’s and he tugs him up.  Hungrily, the angel kisses him, trying to slow his heart. Dean’s hard cock presses against Castiel’s hip, but he ignores it in favor of the angel’s hands cupping his face. He didn’t realize how much he missed the tenderness of it, of someone close like this.  Fingers find every curve and line of Dean’s face, sliding over his jawbone and tracing cheek structures, pushing back his hair and tugging on his ear.  His lips follow the many paths of his fingers, peppering Dean with almost-kisses.  Dean feels like crying but—
Cas reaches into Dean’s pocket, pulling out the key and his tie, forgotten in the midst of dancing.  Cas drapes it over his shoulders as he unlocks the door.  Sam is sleeping in the closer bed, and Dean curses him for taking that one because now it means he has to stumble even further.  Cas helps drunk-Dean make his way to the bed without running into something or knocking anything over.  He pulls the sheets back then tries to help ease him down but he shifts his weight and falls like a mess into the bed.  He rolls over onto his stomach, not even bothering to kick his boots off. He brings his hands up to grab the pillow and realizes Cas’s tie is gripped in his hand.  He forgets about the pillow and quickly falls asleep.
(He might have said in passing one night that he wanted to see Cas’s wings, not the shadows, but his wings.  Cas kissed him, replying it would be too much for Dean to handle.  All of that raw energy exposed at once would be too much grace for a human to witness.  Dean sighed, mumbling that he would be able to handle it if it meant seeing them. Cas distracted him from asking more about them by biting his neck.)
“That doesn’t make this any better, Sammy.  Pie wouldn’t make this any better.” Dean’s switched to water, which he gulps down quickly. “Suppose that’s the job though.”
Dean wants to leave the room and throw up.  But he’s rooted to the spot and his throat feels swollen shut. He just nods again. His hands have dug themselves into his sweatshirt pockets— nails cutting into his palms.
“That is bullshit and you know it— !” Sam yells.
plays as Dean researches a cursed skull from an ancient Indonesian tribe but he can’t think about anything besides
Cas sighs, leaning into Dean; Dean presses his forehead to Cas’s shoulder.
It both excites and terrifies Dean.  But with Cas thrusting his cock deeper into his mouth, as Dean grips his hips, Dean can’t actually think of why he’s scared.  All he can think is
Cas straightens up, holding his head higher. “I suspect there’s angel involvement with the Lincoln case.  I feel it is only right that I go there.”
Dean groans, feeling his own cock stiffen in the sheets,
He jots a couple notes down and they head up to the third and final floor, where there’s less commotion.  Must mean there’s less of a crime scene up here.
Castiel has to laugh at the humor of that realization.
A cop walks out of the apartment building as they approach. “Can I help you?” she asks fiercely.
“Stop acting like you know what’s best for me!  I’m allowed to act however I want— Team Free Will and all!” Irony drips from his voice, but he doesn’t care.
Dean’s hand is outstretched behind him, his fingers grasping quickly.  Castiel is too stunned or too uncertain to move— until Dean starts to retract.  The angel pushes his grace back down and wraps his fingers around Dean’s.  The hunter’s shoulders instantly relax as he draws their hands back to perch on his hip.
“Do you remember in Purgatory...how we couldn’t build a fire?  So we wouldn’t be hunted any faster,” Cas asks, when Dean follows him into his room.
,” he hisses. And he lets out a low scream. Dean jacks his fist harder, wanting every bit of Cas, for him to completely lose his mind. “
The Winchesters finish the box and stand, ready to brace themselves against the New Orleans crowds once again.
short!  I’m six-fucking-one!”
. He can already tell this is going to be un-fucking-believable.
Cas looks past the flesh of his vessel, knows it doesn’t reflect the tatters of his grace.
They haven’t kissed like this before, Dean thinks, feeling guilty. Cas deserves these kinds of kisses all the time.  It’s a slow slide of lips, almost too soft, only enough pressure to promise more to follow. Cas’s breath starts to hitch in uneven intervals and Dean takes that to mean
But Castiel wanted so badly for everything to go back to normal that he swept all the worried glances and quieted conversations when he walked in the room under the rug.  He convinced himself the sooner he got back to hunting full time, the sooner everything would be okay again.
“Dean— oh, oh—
Dean punches his shoulder. It only makes him feel a little better.
Cas laughs, Dean’s insistence comes off hilariously as he crouches naked over top Cas. “Yeah, the shortest Winchester I know!”
“I swear, you only drink that light shit to piss me off,” Dean laughs. Trying to forget about everything that’s been making his stomach somersault the past hour.  And beer and football will most certainly help with that.
capable of battling monsters and defending myself.  I didn’t need you to baby me, Dean.  And I certainly don’t need you telling me what to do right now.” He kicks a chair just as Dean had.
A case involving a hoard of cursed objects draws Sam and Dean to the heart of Denver in the middle of a blizzard.  They’ve rounded up all the objects with a little help from the local officer who called them about the case; he called after calling Garth who said he couldn’t take the case and suggested them instead.  Now they’re stuck in their motel room, snow painting the windows white as they lock up the objects.  Classic Christmas movies play in the background as Sam works on carving the meticulous sigils and symbols into the iron lockboxes and Dean researches the corresponding objects.
Just as Cas is about to approach the desk and demand answers, one of the doctors that worked on Dean turns the corner and walks straight for him.
Cas pitches forward, again locking his mouth with Dean’s.  Dean’s mouth spills dozens of more filthy words out as he just continues fucking Cas.
“And the other guy?” she asks cautiously.
Dean takes a moment to watch the shadow of Cas’s wings sweep across the bed as he hauls himself into a sitting position.  Cas looks over his shoulder back at him, a raised eyebrow asking
So four years later and I finally decided to finish this.  I guess thanks Supernatural finale for being what it was and spurring some creativity out of me.
“Aren’t you a little confused about why a demon would make a deal with a reaper?” Sam is referring to the crossroads demon they exorcised last night that admitted it was the reaper’s idea for him to offer loophole deals to the locals who came forward. “There couldn’t have been that many people in that town who all made deals at the same crossroads and just happened to have expired deals around the same time.”
Even as the anger seeps out of Cas, his eyes wide with infuriation, Dean realizes...it’s okay...
He rests his head on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean clenches the sides of the porcelain sink until his knuckles are just as white.
“I figured every hunter needs his own journal.” He feels his face heat up.
“Hey, man.” Cas stares too intently as Dean approaches the group of college kids. “I heard you and your buddy were scrounging for a game,” he slurs, his voice too loud. “My friend and I—” Dean tilts his head in the angel’s direction, “we just, just got paid and we’re looking to kick some ass.” He smiles crookedly, and Cas wishes they were closer, touching…
“— this way, all open for me.  I’m gonna make you cum so good, Castiel.” Cas pulls his head forward, locking their mouths in an awkward but filthy-hot kiss.
Cas grabs Dean’s hair again, pulling his head back so their eyes meet. Dean swears Cas’s eyes are glowing. His thumb swipes hard one more time over the tip— and Castiel is coming.
The long awaited chapter that is part final chapter and part epilogue.  Little snippets into what their new day to day is like.
Castiel laughs.
“Hello, Dean.”
“What?” Dean sounds scandalized. “Let me see.” Cas rolls off, but keeps his arm draped over Dean’s stomach.
“Castiel, please,” Hannah asks, grabbing his shoulder now. “I truly believe you are our only hope.”
“I need more alcohol.”
He’s never even properly held Cas after sex.
“Is this about my powers, Dean?” he assumes, voice gritty, forced out between his clenched jaw. “Because I assure you that I’m not helpless without them— I will still have my blade— I will still be able to call upon my brethren for help.  I’m sorry you won’t be able to have your own angel at beck and call anymore,” he seethes, sarcasm layered so thickly between the words.
. The angel immediately takes out Post-Its and starts writing a note that he places on the cover.
He’s ruined. Cas has ruined him for anyone else; he wouldn’t be able to keep going if something were to happen. The realization cuts through him like a knife.
The games goes as well as Dean could expect, considering Cas’s skills being equal to that of a child’s.  Gratefully the kids don’t suspect anything; they keep making smart remarks about Cas’s skills though.
“I am safe now.” Cas looks up at Dean and Dean grips the steering wheel harder. “I did not realize I did that.  I destroyed your home.  I am sorry.”
“That’s a new one.  We used to only be able to do names, and we’d have to send them out of town for that. Now Mr. Johnson has his own engraving set and he can pretty much do anything,” she tells him. “What did you have in mind?”
Dean wraps an arm around Cas’s chest, holding him close. “Anything you want, angel.” He readjusts his hips, fucking up into Cas now.
. Muscles straining, his body is begging for this, to bury himself inside Cas fully.
He’s pushed further away when more professionals come to help.  A group of ER doctors and nurses situate Dean’s body on a gurney.
Cas is still sitting on the end of Dean’s bed when he wakes up. Knowing this oddly comforts him.
Neither him or Dean mentioned the situation again, they continued their routine and Castiel didn’t argue, even if it was boring or repetitive.  Because he did not want to see that expression on Dean’s face again.
, when it
though.  In the middle of the night, Sam fast asleep in the next bed, while Cas is online researching on the edge of Dean’s bed, the hunter shoves his cold toes under the angel’s thigh.  Cas tells them about the cases he found the previous night, but Sam notes they should stay focused on this case and Dean has to agree.  Cas gives Dean a perturbed glare as he walks out of the motel room. The rougarou is camped in an abandoned barn next to a chicken farm and he’s easy enough to corner and burn. Cas throws Dean another glance as they’re walking away from the smoke, and the hunter gives in, asking if Sam wants to take a look at those cases now.
“One is the neighbor of the first couple that went missing, Henry Bolton, and the other is the owner of three of the six properties that are now crime scenes, Joshua James-Patterson.”
The rit zien’s vessel lays sprawled in a lump not ten feet from them, Cas’s angel blade still protruding from it’s chest; it’s no longer a threat.
Cas grabs his face and kisses him, rough and strong.  Dean can feel the anger leaking into the kiss, but he grabs Cas’s wrists and holds on anyways.
He pulls off slowly, not wanting to shock Cas.  His lips drag along the damp skin, tightening momentarily when they reach the head, so they pull off with a pop.  Dean goes back in for one more lick, from base to tip, lingering near the slit.
The fact that Cas hesitates in answering leads Dean to believe this might be the only point he has to make so Cas doesn’t go through with this
“I can handle myself, you damn well know I know how to survive as a human.”
How much of an asshole is he that he does that?
Dean spots the the bracelet then, his chest warming. “Cas?” he says, burying his face in Cas’s shoulder again, hand coming up to rest on Cas’s back where the wing joint would be.
“We should go now.  It’s late.” He nods towards the stage, the band is still playing but there are clearly less people here then when they started.
Sam gives him a measured look, analyzing the situation.  Dean locks his lips, feeling his face grow hot.
But Sam already gave him the big grandiose speech about how Dean “will come around” and “once he realizes this is not a bad thing” then “everything will be alright” and “I know you can handle this, Cas” because “you’re Cas and you know Dean just as well as I do.”  It was not a comforting or reassuring speech at all.  Whenever he brings up Dean to Sam, Sam will indulge him for a short time before stating, “Dean’s a grown man, Cas, he’s going to be okay.  He’s got you there for him.”
“What the hell, Cas?” he half laughs, coughing into his elbow. “Get in the car.”
He is still looking at his feather when he hears Cas open his present.
Cas squints his eyes so Dean forces himself to look down as his fumbles with his hands. “Okay?” He sounds skeptical but Dean ignores that and turns away.
The game ends, Sam’s team wins, and he’s clapping and
Christmas comes on a happier note than those of past years.
Everything could change.  Everything and then some.
(See the end of the chapter for
Not knowing why exactly, but mostly anger-fueled, Dean stands and follows Cas to the kitchen.  The other man is standing next to the stove, staring at the pot from lunch that hasn’t yet been washed.
and all Dean got him was some pen and paper and wax.
“It’s not much worse than you humans usually smell.” Dean stares in disbelief.
He thinks back to when Zachariah had trapped him in Heaven.  He was alone, both Cas and Sam had deserted him at that point. He wasn’t even sure if he was going to get out of Heaven— alive that is.  The apocalypse was about to be in full swing, the angels were going to force him to be Michael’s sword; he didn’t really have a lot going for him.
I hope everyone had good holidays and enjoyed festivities and whatnot!
“Ah, well, about that.” Sam coughs on the other end of the line. “At first they did just seem like normal suicides— you know what I mean, no unnatural interferences. But I’ve been talking to the coroner, and the weird thing is, each case, the victim strangled themselves the exact same way.”
, but thankfully he doesn’t say anything.
“It’s not your fault!”
Dean steps back, pressing himself to the counter.  He hasn’t been this scared of Cas since that time in the gym, well over a year ago.
He pulls away enough to press a kiss to the underside of Dean’s jaw, before burrowing himself back into the safety and warmth of Dean’s body.
“I’ll tell you after we eat.”
Sam puts down the display letter opener he picked up from the counter, and looks at Dean again.  Paige begins to ramble about how they’ve never done it before but that she is sure Mr. Johnson would be able to.  She offers to call him up and ask.
Dean took off his shoes and stepped inside. “What does he mean by that?”
"The other Cas, Castiel, lost his grace. He was human. He had orgies to fuck the pain away and he was always hopped up on something or other. The other Dean... the other Dean didn’t care about him and Castiel gave up and..”
Dean turned and the man was already shrugging on his leather jacket. Dean had to admire the way the muscles in Cas’ arms moved as he slid his arms into the sleeves. The jacket settled on him nicely. Dean hadn’t expected Cas to wait around, but it seemed like Jack enjoyed working with Cas around. He seemed to glow more as he showed his father what he was thinking of when layering the instrumentals and asking Dean to re-do portions as he changed his mind about certain parts. Cas, for his part, had spent the rest of the time burning a hole through the studio glass while watching Dean when he wasn’t smiling indulgently at Jack.
“No problem.”
There was a pause then a clatter. Maybe Sam dropped something.
Cas dropped on one knee, pulling a slender black box from his pocket. "Dean, will you marry me?"
They went to their separate rooms to pack. Cas stuffed his laptop and his clothes into a small carry-on suitcase that he’s pretty sure Gabriel gave him because it was a shade of teal Cas would have never picked for himself.
Then Dean stayed. He stayed in Cas' brain, in his life, in his kitchen, in his bed, in his everything, until all Cas thought about at the end of the day was going home to Dean and wondering if Dean had finished shooting before he did. He even threw out his take out menus because Dean could cook. Dean cooked for him. Dean wore the apron Jack bought him five years ago for father's day, and he cooked anything and everything. They were so domestic together Cas started wondering if everything he knew about Dean Winchester was an artfully constructed lie told through a camera and some choice angles.
“I’m headed out then. Text me when you’re done.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “See? That? That’s weird.”
“Dean, you’re month-to-month, right? Castiel agrees. You should come here. We can figure out rent once you get a job.”
"Thinking about you playing my pretend husband made me realize how much I want you to be my real husband." Cas paused for a breath. He had practiced this over and over and now words, not the words he had practiced, were tumbling from his lips. "You're the most loving person I have ever met. My life was full of love before, but after meeting you, after being with you..." Cas choked a little, the emotion tightening his throat. He loved Dean so much he wasn't sure how he could contain it all. He was sure tears were running down his cheeks. He hadn't intended for this, but this morning he got the call from Meg about the role and he knew today was the day to use the ring tucked in his sock drawer. He knew and now all the emotions he had been holding in all day came pouring out. "You brought so much love into my life. I love you. I love Sam. I love Eileen. I care about the whole world because of you. You changed me, Dean. You helped me see my heart had so much more love to give and I want to give it all to you. I love you and I want to love you every day for the rest of our lives. I want the world to know I love you."
“How are you guys so calm?” Dean chokes out, face still pressed into Cas’ shoulder.
There’s a flurry of activity then. Cas, who was in his office reading papers, got hauled out to the second living room where Dean and Sam set up a makeshift camp to figure out what the hell was happening and what they could do to keep the house safe in the meantime. They settled on packing whatever was important and following the agreed directions to the evacuation site as soon as possible.
“Looking for jobs.”
There was a murmur from the other end and Dean remembered that Sam rented a guest house or something from a rich guy. It was probably that guy. They talked for a bit while Dean made himself a sandwich. He had headed out thinking that he’d be prepping for the lunch orders, that he would get a chance to make his pre-shift breakfast burrito.
“You doing alright there, bud?”
“Cas...” Dean thinks it sounds like a prayer, probably because it is.
“Thank you, Dean.” The kid’s smiles must have been infections because Dean found himself smiling too.
Dean sighed. There really weren’t enough hours in a week. He worked ten to fourteen hours a day and there was still work to be done.
by Orville Peck and Shania Twain (and of course the
“It founded the space opera genre. You know, Star Wars?”
Dean never saw the man, but he recognized the soft knock and the deep voice. They would talk about whatever for thirty minutes, maybe an hour, before Cas would head back upstairs to teach or do whatever it was he did in his office. Dean wasn’t really sure what sociology professors did, but he figured it was important. He could occasionally hear Castiel pacing.
Dean's voice could have frozen the Bahamas. "Isn't that episode supposed to air in five months?"
“Evacuation warning. It looks like we are going to...”
“Alright. I’m going to pack. Let me know what you figure out.”
Cas is his best friend. He has a hard enough time saying that. Cas is family. He has a hard time saying that too. He doesn’t know how hard it will be to say what he wants to say.
A beat. Cas eyes him and Dean tamps down on the urge to grab Cas and shake him like he can shake the sadness out.
Before he could fully process it all, Cas scooted right up beside him on the bench and put his hand on Dean’s thigh, ending that line of thought immediately. Casual as anything, his hand trailed into Dean’s inner thigh and oh, yeah maybe Dean was going to get lucky tonight and if he turned on the ol’ Winchester charm, maybe every night for a very long time. That was, if Cas was amenable to that. He was pretty sure Cas was the sticking around type.
Small houses - probably large ones, but at this distance they looked small -  dotted the hillsides. He kept going down the road for another five minutes before he finally came across 1444 Whiskey Hill.
Sam turned around and called back, “Miracles happen.”
Castiel peered into his eyes and Dean repressed a shudder. This was a weakened version, Dean knew, because Cas looked like a rumpled kitten, but the gaze was still incredibly strong. It was like the man was looking right through him, past his skin and his bones and into his very soul.
“Turning on the sprinklers. I put some on the roof and by the apiaries. It should keep the yard and house wet while we’re gone.”
He’s done worse, but this really feels like it takes the cake in this moment.
“Delightful.” Cas paused then tilted his head. Dean could see the gears turning in his head.
Cas turned to him with a weak smile on his face. His eyes glistened a little. “You can’t promise that.”
He didn’t even make it to the front door when he saw the shadow of Sam’s lumbering figure through the frosted glass.
Cas looked on, completely baffled, as Dean, still slightly wet and sticky and wearing only his shirt, darted back to his computer and started pulling up reviews and schedules and everything people needed to put together a wedding. That was the moment Castiel realized he had created a monster.
“About twenty minutes.”
“Hm?”
“No. I can’t afford that. In case you forgot, I just lost my job.”
Dean seemed to be buffering. His mouth was slightly open and Cas could see the gears in his head turning because, while Dean had a "no talking about what was going to happen next" rule about Dr. Sexy, he loved tidbits like this. Dean was probably constructing some convoluted plot that would end with Dr. Krushnic on his death bed in the ICU while Dean, playing Dr. Krushnic's husband, wailed and banged on the glass separating them like he was dying as well.
Dean gave a labored inhale at the name. Castiel. What kind of weird bastard was Castiel? Maybe it would be worth driving to California to know what kind of weirdo his brother would be locked up with. Protect Sammy’s virtue and all that.
In hindsight, he is very very thankful they’re not that high. Any higher and he’s worried that this would actually be the end because before he knows it a pained sound is ripped out of his throat and he’s on his knees. The air has been sucked out of the room and he feels like an astronaut with no way home.
He put on his mask and stepped outside. The air was warm. That was March in California for you. The sky was startlingly blue. He hadn’t assumed the sky was different in California. It was the same sky as the one over Kansas, but he hadn’t expected it to be cloudless. Out here, he felt like he was still in the middle of nowhere even though he knew there was a Starbucks near all those big companies.
Dean recognized the audio tech. Hannah was a hardass about schedules, but no one knew sounds quite like she did. Dean swore she could see soundwaves or something. She could produce like no one’s business and every second was money. “Novak isn’t here yet.”
“Shhh. It’s going to be alright, Mrs. Tran.” He restrained his desitre to wrap his arms around her in a tight hug. “Where’s Kevin?”
Goddamn, whatever it was, it was what had caused the destruction at the gas station. He should have seen this coming. Should have seen the possibility.
Electric blue eyes met his own, and Ross felt his breath catch in his throat.
“I’d like that… so, what are you wearing?”
“Seeing as I can’t go to Starbucks anymore, can I count on you?”
"We're not married. It didn't feel right to ask you to play my husband before you were my husband."
“I can’t say it now.”
Dean ignored the last part. Sam would figure that out. “Like… Gardening?”
Cas, it seemed, was settling in. His back was facing Dean as he took off his gloves. Long, tanned fingers emerged. Dean looked over them appreciatively. They were really nice and awfully familiar.
“What about moving in with me?”
“Nice to meet you, Dean.” Not to sound like a shitty romcom, but he could listen to that voice say his name for the rest of his life.
"Nothing is wrong. I just..." Dean released him, taking a step back. His eyes searched Cas' face intently and Cas burned.
Shit. He had just said Cas instead of Castiel.
“Castiel.” The voice was a gravelly sort of rumble, not the smooth notes of Dr. Krushnic and damn, this man could act. Dean found himself staring for a second before snapping out of it and letting go of Cas’ hand.
Ross sighed and settled against one of the hay bales. It was musty as hell, but not any other places to sit around there.
“Breathe. Dean. Breathe.”
“In that one...” Dean chokes on the words. “In that universe a lot happened...”
“Oh, right, the healer. That’s an interesting choice.” That still wasn’t it though. Dean was pretty sure he had heard the name elsewhere before.
Cas caught his sleeve.
“You’re ok with leaving it here?”
“Dad!” The voice startled Dean out of his haze and he turned to see Jack jogging towards them. Actually, this explained a lot. A hell of a lot.
“Dean, I’m sorry.”
“Dean, I know what that other Castiel was thinking. I’ve thought it myself many times.”
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean whispers and he knows it’s not enough. He knows it not what Cas wants to hear, but he thinks this is what he wishes he had said ages ago. “I’m sorry for everything. I’m sorry I kicked you out. I’m sorry I pushed you away. I’m sorry I didn’t trust you. You're more than my best friend. You're more than family. I need you and I need you and I need you, but I don’t know how to keep you. I don't know how to treat you right. I’m sorry for making you wait.”
He saw the little mailbox first. It wasn’t a small one, moderately sized, probably for packages and painted baby blue with bees on it. Dean turned off the road and was surprised to find a nicely paved path heading up the hill. It was a slow drive into the forest, but a minute later, he found the trees parting to reveal a home. There was plenty of room to park. He turned his attention back to the house. The house looked… smaller than its neighbors. Those were clearly mansions in full decadence in size and material and design. This was a one story situation, but the front was all beautiful glass and wood work. Expensive stuff, really expensive stuff.
Dean pulled back a fraction, just enough to look Cas in the eye. "What's wrong?"
(See the end of the chapter for
In the evening light, he looked positively radiant. The warm glow from the sun kissed his skin giving it a warmth Dean didn’t remember seeing under the harsh studio lights. He looked like something out of a painting, all lights and shadows. Harsh and crisp and soft all at once.
Sam shook his head, his long hair falling into his face. “I’m absolutely not kidding you. They want to do a remix.”
“I can understand that,” Cas says. His eyes are wet again and Dean can feel the tension in his chest racket up once again. “Across universes, there is one constant.”
Sam set his boxes down in the room. “He’s entitled to a little eccentricity, Dean. Don’t worry about it.”
Cas is smiling. He’s smiling like Dean has never seen him smile before. It’s bright and beautiful and warm like all that is good.
Then it hit him like a regular ton of bricks. Holy shit this was a date. This was a date! This was a date. He scored a date with Dr. Sexy Russian himself.
“Yes, I can,” Dean said, already counting how many sprinklers Cas owned.
Dean shook himself. Right. Not now. Not right now.
It was an inhuman sound. A sound so terrible it almost made Dean fall to his knees.
“He’s here.”
Cas looked more worried than Dean had ever seen him, that included when the school rushed the turnaround time for finals grading and Cas had 100 papers to grade in two days and recruited Dean and Sam to mark the short answer sections in addition to having the grad students pull an “all hands on deck” to finish the essay portions. “The yard meets defensible space requirements. The house will be fine. I’m just…”
The first thing he did was collect his last check from his manager. The second thing was he went out to the parking lot. The third thing, and he’s very proud of this because it was very mature, was he didn’t smash a window because the bastard fucking stole the money the community raised to keep restaurants and bars open and ran and this last check was Dean’s cut of what his boss didn’t steal. The fourth thing he did was get into the impala. The fifth thing was he drove home before he changed his mind about smashing the windows.
Gabe smiled up at Castiel’s mother. “I appreciate it Mrs. Novak, but I told my parents I was coming home for dinner.”
… maybe Cas told him, or maybe she overheard us talking about it or something, but it’s all still so fresh and I thought I was over it, but I’m not… I still hate dad so much for how bad he hurt all of us, but it’s so hard to just
Dean moved to wrestle the laptop out of Castiel’s hands, and instead ended up straddling the other underneath him. Castiel let the computer slip out of his hands and rest on the other side of the bed as the two stared at each other, cheeks ablaze in furious blushes.
It was the first day of second grade. Castiel was walking home from his bus stop, with a black eye and bruises covering his arms. Dean didn’t come back and kick anyone’s butt for him; but he did send Castiel a letter promising he’d be home as soon as possible.
Gabe froze as he saw Castiel and Dean walking a few paces ahead of them. His fists clenched and loosened a few times before he kept walking, Charlie giving him a worried glance.
He ran into the nearest bathroom and locked himself in a stall. He pulled out his phone and his hands hovered shakily over the keyboard, ready to text someone… anyone. What did he even say? My girlfriend slapped me? Most guys are into that sort of thing, aren’t they? He should be more okay with this… why did he feel so afraid of her all of a sudden?
Jo planted a sweet kiss to Dean’s cheek. Her phone started buzzing in her pocket and she pulled it out.
“I’m so worried about Cas, Gabe. Hannah is bad news. He won’t talk to me anymore, and when we were in class a couple weeks ago after Hannah took him outside to talk to him… Gabe, his cheek was so red. It looked like she’d hit him.”
Castiel just hugged him tighter. “You might be right, but that doesn’t matter. I missed you.”
Dean pulled open the center console and turned on the overhead light. “Take your pick. Anything you want to listen to. The evening is yours, sweetheart.”
“Alright, you two, come on! Picture time!”
A snicker resounded next to him. “You said it, not me.”
“Uh, are you sure? I don’t mind—”
soul?! Dean mentally screamed at himself before taking another breath. When he’d finally gathered enough courage, he looked up into those gorgeous blue eyes, watching him patiently. Waiting to hear anything and everything Dean had to say, as though any words that came out of his mouth were a treasure to behold.
Castiel smirked. “Tough talk, Winchester. Loser owes the winner $20?”
“You alright, Winchester? You look like you want to kill me.”
“Who’s got your heartstrings wrapped around their finger if it isn’t Jo? I’ll be honest, you two seemed perfect for each other. I was more than a little shocked when you told me things didn’t work out.”
Castiel smiled to himself as the other three got lost in conversation. He’d made the right decision. This was what both he and Dean needed after all.
“You know what… just save it, okay? I’m going home. Thanks for dinner, I guess.”
Gabe and Dean hatch a master plan... but it backfires.
He waltzed into the kitchen to find Sam holding a dustpan while Dean’s mom swept up broken pieces of a plate.
Gabe wanted to just shove off everything and ignore him, but the pain in his eyes was sincere. He knew it all too well himself, though he’d never admit it. Against all his better judgement, Gabe placed a tender hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean growled, shoving her away from him. “If you touch him, I’ll kill you.”
Gabriel was the last to join them at the table, white knuckles gripping on to the lunch tray a bit harder than what was probably necessary. He sat down and was met with uncomfortable silence from all members at the table. He took a deep breath before looking up, making direct eye contact with Castiel.
“Who were you thinking about taking, Cas?” Charlie asked, nudging his side. She has always been on his case about getting a significant other. He supposed she had some deep, dark desire to be someone’s wing woman.
“Y-yeah.” Dean inwardly cursed his stutter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel looked at her, dumbfounded. “Oh-okay. Great! It’s, uh…” he rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “It’s a date.”
Why the hell was life so cruel to him? First it ripped his only friend away from him when he was a kid, and now when he is finally starting to get over that heart break, suddenly he just reappears?
“I know I was a shitty excuse for a date, but… your friendship means the world to me, Jo,” Dean said softly, turning to look at her. She stared out her window, her hand resting on the handle. It was halfway pulled open, as though she’d stopped everything to think about what he’d just said.
The end of the day rolled around. After Calculus, Castiel had not run into Dean again. He took his time at his locker in the hopes that he would walk by, but he still didn’t see him. Castiel sighed and closed the locker. He made his way towards the parking lot where Gabe was waiting by his car. He wondered where Dean could have run off to so quickly after their last class.
She shot him her signature smile and gave a brief wave before she turned and stalked back towards her class.
“It’s all the way across the country, Dean,” Castiel said sadly.
“So, where’s Sammy? He’s usually home by now.”
The first few games resulted in the both of them losing to NPCs, because for all their smack talk, neither of them had played the game in months at least.
The smile immediately fell from Gabe’s face. “Oh. Hannah Johnson, huh? What a
Castiel looked towards Gabe like a deer caught in headlights. A gaze that said
? Are we gonna start having tea and biscuits, too?”
“It could be all the way across the world, though,” Dean said with a soft laugh, trying to lighten the mood. Castiel only gave a sad sigh in response.
It was the first day of Castiel’s sophomore year of high school. Life was going pretty smoothly at this point. He wasn’t dating anyone, but that was really the way he liked it. He was doing very well in all of his classes, and he had good friends. Charlie and Gabe were really great; he’d met Charlie and Gabriel in fourth grade, and they had been good friends ever since.
As they discussed where they were going to position themselves, they were met with the worst of luck.
always
Charlie threw her hands up. “Easy, I’m not attacking. Just making observations. I’m not on anyone’s side here, I just want us all to have a good time.”
Castiel feigned offense, lightly gasping and placing a hand over his chest. “I am plenty responsible, Winchester. I don’t cram for midterms, unlike some of the people present here today.”
She ran off towards the school exit, and Dean smiled after her. Castiel suddenly appeared at his side, spooking him out of his trance.
Without any sort of introduction, Hannah pulled on Castiel’s shirt. “Cassie, can you come with me for a second? I wanna talk to you about something!”
“I know…”
His mother tucked a strand of hair behind her ear as she stood up with the dust pan, bringing it to the trash can to dump it. “He went to a friend’s house after school today, but he’ll be home in time for supper.”
"Alright." Not like Ross had anything better to do.
“I’m Castiel.” No shit, Sherlock.
Dean followed Cas’ eyes to the little apiaries. They looked so small sitting on the hillside like that. “Your bees?”
Cas slumped a little and Dean wanted to put an arm around his waist, to get him to straighten up. “Yeah… It took so long to stabilize the colony. I don’t want to lose them.”
"Dean, be serious," Cas gasped as warm lips pressed against his neck, soft and wet. His hands scrabbled at Dean's shoulders and the man stilled in his ministrations.
Dean chuckled. This was crazy talk. “Sammy, you live in California. Isn’t there a rule about people not moving around in California?”
“I’ve never heard this song.”
Dean doesn’t say anything. They help him to his feet and it’s a haze between the den and his room, but he’s seated on the edge of his bed. There’s a towel blanket wrapped around his shoulders and his hair is still a little damp. Sam is next to him and Charlie is hovering nearby. Cas is standing some way off and Dean wishes now that he hadn’t shown Cas this moment of weakness because the angel, even if he’s a man now, doubts. He has doubts. Dean knows because if an angel can harbor doubts about heaven, an angel can harbor doubts about Dean Winchester.
Dean bumped his shoulder on his way past and Cas felt the corners of his mouth pull upwards.
“I am.”
Dean waved him off and Sam left without another word. Eileen was arguing a case before the Supreme Court this coming week, Dean knew. Today was her last free day between now and then and he wanted his brother to spend as much time as possible with her before they lost her in the winding twists and turns of the American Judicial system.
“Because you need to hear it,” Cas says. He places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, where the mark once was, and pulls him close.
Dean looks up and sees Charlie covering her mouth with her hand. Sam is staring resolutely anywhere but Cas and Dean. Cas... Cas is staring at Dean like he can still see Dean’s soul. Dean wonders if he can see all the stains and all the regrets. Every time he asked Cas to leave when he wanted Cas to stay. Every rude comment and mean outburst when all he wanted was the angel’s hand at his nape and the angel’s breath in his ear telling him everything would be alright.
Jack gave Dean a small smile. “He is running a bit late. He’ll be here soon.”
“I told you once, that I was sent to an alternate future?”
"Hello, Ross," the man rumbled, his gravelly voice carrying across the shrinking space between them.
Dean chuckled and pulled out of the parking lot into the California sunset. They could talk about it, about them, later. They had all the time in the world.
“When was the last time you had a latte?”
It didn’t take Dean long to pack. He handed off the stuff he couldn’t take to one of his coworkers and put the rest in the impala. It was evening when he was done and checked his phone. Sam had texted him an address and Dean checked his atlas. Palo Alto, California. That was far. Probably twenty-four hours.
It hits him like a sucker punch. Beautiful. Cas... Cas still thinks his soul is beautiful.
“What about you?” Dean asked.
“It’s good to be home,” Sam said as he made a bee-line for his room.
Later, he will chalk this moment up to his exhaustion, to the uncomfortable sleep, to the nightmares and the resounding sound of Castiel’s scream ringing in his ear drums. He will say it was uncharacteristic of him, while knowing that is all true because there was no other way he would have been this honest. He will be incredibly glad that he wasn’t himself because he doesn’t brush it off. Doesn’t make it a joke.
Dean shrugged off his jacket and tossed it onto the bed. His little studio apartment was nice, but he couldn’t imagine staying here for months. God, the people in China were stuck in their homes for two months now. He would have to spend two months stuck in these tiny walls. He’d go insane. Never mind finding a way to pay rent, he would actually go insane.
“You won’t.”
Cas opened the case, revealing a gold band inside. "Will you marry me? Will you make this moment the happiest moment of my life?"
“Sorry I’m late.”
“He’s friends with someone in the epidemiology department.” Sam faltered at the ‘speak in English, not nerd’ face Dean threw at him. “Uh, it’s like the study of how diseases transfer in a population or something. Anyway, he said that this pandemic is for the long haul and the others moved home when Stanford went online. I thought about it too because I wanted to be near you, but he insisted you come stay with us.”
Cas smiled at him and oh yeah, he was a goner.
Unlucky for me, I lived on the edge of the evacuation zone for one of the fires. I slept on the floor by the door because we were told we might have leave. Sucks to suck in California.
Then he saw Dean Winchester digging in his garden.
“Nice to meet you Cas.”
Cas gave him a mild, polite smile. “Adopted. I’m his father in every way that matters though.”
Cas’ gaze dragged over her smooth lines and his lips turned up at the ends. Always good to meet someone who appreciated Baby the way he did.
“Meg will take it back,” Cas said lightly. He looked up to meet Dean’s gaze and tilted his head slightly, like he was letting Dean in on a big secret. “She’s my best friend. She and Hannah.”
That wasn’t even the biggest problem. Dean tried to remember what he saw on the news they would play in the diner and he was pretty sure, yeah pretty sure, that California locked down completely two weeks ago.
“Do you know how to use those fancy coffee machines?”
Instead, he said, “Novak. His name sounds familiar.”
Dean gave her a once over as well. Pretty lady, something seemed a little off about her though. The stabbing psycho kind of off. Not quite what he’d go for.
Dean turned to Sam while shoving his hands in his pockets. That kid was a ray of sunshine. All smiles. It was impressive how that sunny disposition turned into making such bass-heavy music. It was certainly something. The kid looked familiar too, weirdly familiar. If he thought about it long enough, he might figure out, but this wasn’t the time.
The elevator beeped as they reached the ground floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he finally let go, he turned to the other person in the room. Castiel’s face did not disappoint. He had high cheekbones and bright blue eyes. Dean had to admire the jawline. That was beautiful and thrown into sharp relief by the permanent five o’clock stubble that dusted Castiel’s cheeks. The man was gorgeous.
“So, are you going to do it or not?”
“Jack,” Hannah called. She waved for him to wrap it up and Jack gave Dean a deer in headlights look.
“Thanks, Cas.”
Jack gave his father a small grin and nodded to Dean before turning around.
"Do rumors have M.D./Ph.D.'s from Stanford?" Garrison asked idly. His fingers moved slowly, the blue casting the sharp features on his face in stark relief.
"Dr. Clarence Garrison." Ross picked his jaw off the floor and lowered his gun. "How are you here? I thought you died in the Pontiac Attacks."
Their foreheads are pressed together and Dean can feel Castiel’s nose brushing against his own. He can feel the warm slick of Cas’ tears as they flow down Dean’s cheeks. He’s made his angel cry again.
Dean rubbed his face. This was going to be a pain in the ass, but he really wanted to work on this. He wasn’t sure how they were going to squeeze it in, but it was so compelling.
Now or never, Winchester. Real or the fake.
“That silver Prius is his then?” Dean glanced over at the prius parked next to the banged up corolla that he knew was Sam’s. The corolla was third-hand if the guy who sold it to Sam was to be believed and it sure looked like it. Dean had no idea where to start making that car look good again. Probably wouldn’t even be worth it.
The woman, probably Novak’s agent, rolled her eyes and stepped outside. Presumably to call Novak.
Dean. Dean Winchester.
Dean tugged off his mask and grinned at Cas. “What did I tell ya?”
“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“Not when Ruby was renting this room, but I will likely be by more often in the future. If you’d like that.” He could hear the grin in Castiel’s voice.
Eventually, they got off the floor. Cas struggled with his underwear, which had somehow gotten so tangled with his pants he was sure they would never get untangled, like the underwear was homophobic and unwilling to be worn by him ever again.
Cas whispers, just barely loud enough for Dean to hear, “You are worth it. I’ve waited for longer than time has existed for you.”
He held out his hand for Cas to take.
Dean’s eyes sparkled a brilliant green.
Dean fiddled with the knobs before figuring out the settings. He’d glanced over the manual before and remembered what it said. “Can you show me where the milk is?”
Ross brought a hand up to shield his face. He popped his mask on. It wasn't likely they were going to use gas, but he wanted to be safe.
His voice breaks. “You screamed his name so loud, Cas.”
Cas furrowed his brows and Dean wanted to press his finger to that little spot between Cas’ eyes just to see what the man would do. “Why are you looking for jobs?”
"Yes?"
Dean counted it a miracle that his jaw didn’t drop when Cas took off his helmet. Castiel Novak, stage name James Novak, the actor who played a doctor on Dr. Sexy, M.D. Cas Novak’s name was familiar not because he was Clarence Garrison, but because he was on Dr. Sexy, M.D. the sexiest doctor show on television. Dean’s heart stopped. His brain stopped. There must be an earthquake because Dean felt the earth shaking underneath his feet. He was looking at Dr. Dmitri Krushnic, the sexy Russian neurosurgeon who stopped by the ER way too often to consult on run of the mill cases because he had a crush on Dr. Sexy, that Dr. Krushnic!
He can hear Sam’s deep voice rumble to his left. “Dean, what happened?”
"You don't look made of tin." Garrison stepped forward, until they were almost nose to nose. "You look like you're made of flesh."
Little bits of plastic glitter rained on his head.
Cas asks Dean a Very Important Question
"What's on your mind, sunshine?" Dean stood up and crossed the short distance between them to place a gentle kiss on Cas' cheek, tender soft and so sweet. If he felt any discomfort with Dr. Krushnic's constantly clean cheeks, he didn't say anything, but Cas knew that Dean loved the tug and burn of his off season stubble on his skin. His makeup artists hated it of course, but they won on the whole, with such a happy Dean. "You're really thinking up in there. Gears turning and everything."
“Hi, you must be Jack,” Dean said, extending his hand.
Dean figured that they would both take a long vacation after they finished shooting this season. They deserved it. Normally, Sam would have various spots and guest appearances lined up for him, but Dean was going to turn them down. He really needed a break.
Now or never, Castiel. Mama always said angels were warriors. Be brave.
“What are you doing?”
He proceeds to lose his shit.
“Where am I going to quarantine? All the hotels are for essential workers only.”
They stepped down the wood path and any thoughts Dean had about this house being on the smaller side faded away instantly. The house was built into the hillside. The one story home was actually two stories and mostly glass. This property probably covered the entire half of the hill. “Holy crap...How are we gonna afford this?”
Jack gestured for them to follow and they fell in line, side by side, as they walked after him. Jack was looking at his phone, answering some messages.
Dean understood. For a famous fella, he didn’t talk about family much. He didn’t talk about Bobby and how the only family he had left was his brother. Dean liked to keep his personal life private, but this was one of the moments he wished it was out there. Out there, so Cas could look him in the eye and understand that he really meant it with all his heart.
Sam stepped back outside and Dean followed. He only had a suitcase and one box left. He was pretty sure the box was full of books, which would come in handy over the next two weeks. “He’s teaching right now. He said he would swing by your room and say hello later.”
There’s a beat.
Dean inhaled sharply. The soft sound was louder this time and oh, yeah, Castiel was definitely laughing now.
Some miles back, he had passed an abandoned gas station. It didn't look broken into. No, the glass had been shattered, but all of it shattered in every direction, like a large pulse had hit the resonant frequency of every fragile object in the building. Not even the old deli fridge had been spared.
Cas would stop once or twice a day to check on him, usually when Sam was busy. Sometimes, if Sam wasn’t able to bring Dean lunch, Cas would bring lunch. Dean didn’t want to admit it, but the lunches Cas made were so much better than the rabbit food Sam brought him.
“Until it is,” Dean replied without missing a beat.
There’s a hum, a questioning sound, and Cas... Cas just inclines his head to show he’s listening, perfectly silent.
"Of course, I'll marry you." Dean fell to his knees and pressed a wet kiss to Cas' lips. Their tears intermingled as they ran down their cheeks leaving warm tracks in their wake. "I love you. I love you, Cas."
Dean opened the door a crack and pulled the tray into his room. Tacos. Dean lost track of the days, but he remembered that Sam once mentioned they did taco Tuesday as a house bonding activity.
"I have an important question to ask you." Dean pulled Cas in by the loops of his jeans and started nibbling on his ear.
“I was wondering. What made you take this role?”
He wondered what Castiel looked like, what face would match the deep gravelly voice and soft laughter. Dean refrained from slapping himself. Oh, man, this was going to be a long two weeks.
There was a long pause and Dean shuffled. Shit. That was too far. He shouldn’t have cracked the joke. Then he heard a soft sound and huh, what was that?
"Shoot." Cas tried not to squirm as Dean's hands wandered, fondling and stroking as they went. They knew the contours of his body better than anyone, better than Cas himself, and they were not idle in dragging Cas under Dean's spell.
The woman was back. She gave Dean an appreciative once over before tapping Jack on the shoulder. “Cas wants to talk to you.”
Cas turned to the voice and a woman stood six feet away. Tears streamed down her cheeks and Cas remembered. He remembered when he first arrived and he hadn’t known anyone and Mrs. Tran from down the road had brought him cookies to welcome him to the neighborhood.
“Please, call me Dean.”
It was a Saturday morning when Sam stumbled up the stairs to the kitchen, raising such a ruckus that Dean almost dropped his cup of coffee. “What is it, Sam?”
"My apologies. I got a little carried away." He didn't look sorry.
Sam pulled a page out of a file and showed it to him. It was the photo of a kid peering at a screen. He looked young, early twenties at most.
"Clearly." Ross exhaled slowly as the good doctor stepped close, almost too close, his eyes never leaving the clean shaven face.
“He’s kosher right? Not like… some sort of weirdo?” Dean tossed his bag on the bed then peered out the window. “Are those beehives?”
Ross meets Clarence.
The doors opened easily for him and he slid it shut behind him. Silent, save for the occasional soft crunch of hay under his boots, he searched the place and found nothing. It really was an old barn, but he noted the unfortunate placement of rebar hooks. If he wasn't careful, he'd get skewered on one of these and without health insurance, the tetanus treatments would be a pain in the ass. He should probably check if he needed a booster. He probably needed a booster.
Cas gave him a small smile before returning to looking at the sheet music in front of him. “I wouldn’t have guessed.”
"Hey, back up."
He licked his lips.
“Are you single?”
“I’m pretty sure that’s our monthly lunch with Charlie.” Sam hummed and Dean grimaced. Yes, he had remembered that correctly. “We’ll have to reschedule. She’s going to be so disappointed.”
"All this because you want me to play your pretend husband on TV?" Dean teased. Cas watched him lick his lips and noticed Dean's eyes glistened, his cheeks a little flushed. He was so beautiful, so stately, with the little bit of gray starting to appear at his temples. Still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester.
Dean meets Cas.
Sam shrugged and said, a little muffled from his mask. “Castiel said he’s suspending rent for the next few months. Unprecedented times and all that.”
Cas Novak then.
“Is it very good?”
Dean checked the address again to make sure it was right. He had stopped to sleep, parking the impala in a Walmart parking lot and sleeping in the backseat. Now, it was evening and the golden hour light lit up the hills until they looked like mountains of gold covered with a smattering of green foliage. He was driving into what looked like wilderness, which he didn’t think was possible with all those big fancy company signs he just passed.
Dean pauses for a second before following the sounds to the Dean Cave where the door is wide open. He sees Charlie first. Her head is tossed back as she laughs and laughs and laughs at something Sam said. The recliners were pushed off the to the side a while ago to make room for a couch. The more the merrier, Dean said. Sam is kicking back in one of the recliners now, staring at the ceiling and giggling. Fucking giggling. There’s a ziplock bag and what looks like a brownie in it.
“It’s not lupus,” Cas muttered as he slipped his headphones on.
Dean coughed and hoped that he didn’t flush or anything. Jesus Christ. Learn some self control.
Dean turned, jerking around so quickly Cas was almost bowled over by the intensity. He was surprised Dean's neck didn't snap with how quickly he whipped around.
Cas handed him a bag of unground beans and Dean sniffed it. The warm, heady aroma filled his nose. Some subtle fruity notes too. This was that fancy single origin stuff. Looking at the fancy packaging, Cas had probably gotten this along with the coffee maker.
The sky was orange and Dean thought that the end was here. If this was the end, it was a boring end.
He’s there in the woods and Castiel’s voice rings in his ears chirping about banging some gongs before the lights go out and purring about how he likes the past version of Dean and Dean wonders if that Castiel would look at him now and say the same thing, say that he’s the one that Castiel is willing to leave his much better club for. He wonders if he's still the man who could say 'it’s time to go out in a blaze of glory, win or lose', and Castiel would say 'he's in' because that’s just how that he rolls. If at the end, Cas would be okay if all they had was each other. The very touch of him corrupts and he can see the other Castiel falling, see the fallen angel falling to his knees and screaming when the other Dean does not wake up and Dean wonders if his Castiel, his Cas, would scream his loss to the heavens if Dean stopped breathing right there because he can’t breathe. He can’t. Breathe.
"You're okay with this?" Garrison asked, head tilted and curious.
“Yes?”
Dean choked on his bite.
Dean turns on the light and finds Cas. Cas’ eyes are red rimmed and his nose is a little pink and Dean hates how his cheeks are flushed and his lips are chapped and he did this. He made Cas cry. He made an angel cry.
The kid, and he really looked like a kid, shook it eagerly. He was shorter than Dean. His sandy hair and bright blue eyes reminded Dean of someone, but he couldn’t quite place it.
When they started dating two years ago, he had his reservations. Dean was a ladies' man, or at least had the reputation for it. Cas figured that they would go on a couple dates, have a tumble or two, and then part their separate ways. While he may have wanted more, he wasn't going to get it, because Dean wasn't that kind of guy and Cas had his own reputation and a son to look out for.
"I..." Dean's head shook a little, like he was rattling some sand or dust out of his ears to be sure that he had heard Cas clearly. Cas' heart plummeted out of his chest and hit the ground. Given they were on the second floor, that was a solid fifteen foot drop. If they counted the basement level, it was something more like... "
“Michael, my brother, went to Harvard.”
The smile dropped off Dean's face. "Cas..."
Sam’s hair was in disarray and he looked like he just grabbed whatever shirt was nearest, which was the anime one that Dean got him as a joke last Christmas, and hadn’t stopped to breathe.
"I... If I do, I'll deal with it," Ross replied, short and curt, his grin gone.
It started as a soft hum, a light vibration, and Ross almost thought he imagined it, then the lightbulbs crackled and shattered, sending glass everywhere.
“Yeah, right. Miracles.”
“What are you doing?”
"I'm a solider."
“It’s alright; I’ll figure it out. I’m more worried about the next few months. This place is puny.”
The door opened behind them and a figure strode in. Dean
“Yeah. Sure.”
Dean’s phone buzzed and he guessed it was Sam telling him to be careful on his way home.
Cas looked around. The lobby was empty. It was late enough that the desk clerk had probably gone home. It was a miracle they hadn’t lost the daylight yet.
He had filled his tank and left a little cash on the counter. He wasn't the face of the Team Free Will now, but it didn't matter. He had gone from outlaw to hero and it changed him. It made him the kind of person to leave cash at an abandoned gas station even though it really wasn't necessary. He doubted anyone would swing by there anytime soon and if they did, they weren't likely to know what to do with it, so many places going on credits these days.
There’s figure at the end of his bed. Dean isn’t sure how long they’ve been there, but he’s pretty sure that they mean him no harm. If they do, he would be dead already and wouldn’t that be a blessing? Life is simple that way sometimes.
“Quite the rumble you got there. Pitch up for James?”
“I’m doing it.”
“Got it in one.” Dean gave him his award winning smile and the edges of Cas’ eyes crinkled a little. God, those baby blues were inhumanly blue.
Nothing and no one stayed dead, Ross learned. Not in any way that mattered.
“Hold on a minute.”
“Where are we going?” Cas asked, his eyes shining like stars.
Sam put on a little party hat and pulled out a confetti popper.
“Jack is probably going to want to keep working on the song,” Dean added. He wasn’t sure about that but the kid had a sort of fever about him. He zoned out a couple times during the recording session.
“I haven’t read that one.”
Dean knelt down at his eye level. “Hey, Kevin. You doing alright?”
Cas waved his hand, gesturing at nothing. “You’re Dean Winchester, Critic’s Choice Award winner and the Hawkeye. What made you decide to help Jack with his song?”
Dean is... Dean stares up at the dark ceiling, unsure when Sam or Charlie turned the lights out. A million thoughts flit through his mind and it feels like a million prayers wouldn’t be enough to make them go away. Dean closes his eyes and lets the exhaustion, the emptiness, take him.
Dr. Garrison chuckled. He seemed to want to say something, before glancing down at the gun and thinking better of it. The smile playing at his lips widened and Ross heard the quiet ka-shink of metal as the wings flared out bold and huge behind Garrison.
“I...” Dean breathes.
“Then are you free for dinner?”
Dean put on his best barista face and flashed Cas a winning customer-service grin. All he needed was the green apron and he would be back at that Starbucks he worked at a few years ago. “What can I get for you? Macchiato? Flat white?”
“Thank you, Mr. Winchester.” Jack was shaking his hand for longer than was strictly necessary, but the kid had heart. Dean had to admire how the kid had heart.
Dean is drying his hair with a very soft towel (thank you, Charlie) and thinking about what he’s going to make everyone for dinner when he hears them.
“He even played the Queen’s Championships. Finished Third. He’s a huge fan.”
He was taller. Garrison was. He was tall enough that Ross had to look up a little to look into his eyes. Ross felt his breath still again as Garrison's eyes fell half-lidded on his mouth.
Sam tapped at his phone, pulling up Dean’s calendar. It was a veritable mess of multicolored boxes and while neither of them had a problem with that normally, it meant smaller passion projects like this could get lost to scheduling.
By the time Cas tuned into the running stream of commentary, Dean's voice had a level of tension in it that Cas had never heard before. "How are we going to get married in five months? Less than that and with our schedules? We need a plan. God, I need to call Sam. I don't think we can find a venue in time. We'll need new suits. Who are we going to invite? You hate your extended family and I don't know most of mine. Or they're dead. I think most of them are dead. I need to call Eileen about drawing up contracts and who is going to cater? The cake too! We need to figure out our color. I'm thinking dark blue and gold..."
“I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the way I saw myself, as a blunt instrument for our father's to wield, but we are so much more than that. You are so much more than the destruction and pain you think you're made of. You think your heart is full of hate, but your heart has more love than it can hold. You are the most loving person on Earth. You taught me how to care, first you, then Sam, then everyone else on this planet. You, Dean Winchester, think you don't deserve absolution, don't deserve love when that's the furthest thing from the truth. You are so deserving of love that even when the world ends and I lose my mind, even when I’m no longer an angel, I still choose to be by your side. You’re the best thing to ever happen to me. You changed me.”
Dean whistled. This was a pretty sweet location then. “That’s a short commute.”
“Let me help you get your stuff. You’re going to stay in the guest room temporarily.” Sam picked up two boxes while Dean grabbed his duffel bag. “It’s the only one with a private bathroom. Then you’re going to move to the room next to mine. We’re going to be taking the path down this way.”
The figure, now illuminated by glowing, iridescent wings, strode in. Showers of sparks rained on him, sizzling as they landed in his hair and his clothes. Skin tight, black suit and a sweeping white jacket that looked like a shredded lab coat. His silver armor reflected the sparks, making him glow even more if possible. The silver blade in his hand looked impossibly sharp and cruel in the dim light.
He dropped his duffel into his trunk when he spotted Cas hovering at the side of the house, looking down the hill.
Jack’s eyes widened for a second before taking the phone from her. “Thank you, Meg.”
“I didn’t want to,” he admits.
“Yes.” Cas’ eyes narrowed as he thought for a second and Dean hoped, prayed really, that the man hadn’t noticed when he got all star struck. “You’ve got an accent.Kansas?”
"Yes, Dean?" Maybe the underwear was homophobic. It was possible. Cas was gay. The underwear wasn't cooperating. Ergo homophobic. He was pretty sure that's how that worked.
“A lot of your paperwork is with me. We’ll get you tested and then you can quarantine for two weeks.” Well, Dean was pretty sure that wasn’t the spirit of the law, but his brother knew the letter a lot better than he did.
Cas smiles beatifically, tears in his eyes. “You don’t have to say it back. Love is not in the having. It’s in the being.”
“Forgive me for not being a believer, but good things like that don’t just happen.”
Dean tugged his shirt back on, stopping midway. "Cas?"
He chuckled as he started the car. He could make it in less than that.
“Yep.” Cas popped the P and Dean tried really hard not to stare at those plush lips.
The reason for the M rating. It's not... bad. It's just... there....
Goddamn, Cas was so much hotter in real life.
Cas smiled warmly at Jack, pulling him into a hug. “Sorry I’m late, Jack.”
He’s faintly aware that he’s crying. His face is wet, when hands come to rest on his shoulder and it’s Charlie and Sam. They’re murmuring at his shoulders and Dean can feel himself slowly calming down.
“Where are you going?”
“Nice to meet you, Castiel.”
Ross held out his hand for Garrison to shake.
He gave Sam a grin as he pulled up the song. It was a good song. Heavy bass and thick instrumentals with industrial sounds peppered in. It was incredibly lush for an EDM song and Dean found his foot tapping to the beat, his heart anticipating the drop, and his brain flooding with serotonin when it came. This was good music, even if it wasn’t his usual fare.
Dean let go of the breath he didn’t realize he was holding. Cas didn’t mind the nickname then.
The first thing he did was call Sam. Actually, that’s not quite right.
“What about me?”
“You’re sure he said free?” Dean asked as he put his stuff down. Goddamn this place was something else.
"You're trying to talk me out of it?" Ross retorted, looking up through his lashes with a smug grin on his face.
"Why did invite me here?" Ross asked. Damn it if he was going to let Garrison control the situation any more than he had. He didn't realize he was getting so sloppy in his desperation.
They shuffled out to their cars quickly. Sam headed out first, promising to call them if anything happened on the road. Cas made sure his things were stowed before turning back to the house. He didn’t love the house. It was… a cage more than a home for a long time, but seeing it cast in orange light as the world ended around him… well, he had to admit that there were parts he loved.
Returned to the scene of the crime.
“Getting sick means we can’t make out,” he finally says, once Dean removes his hands.
He promised Dean he’d stay and Dean fucking pushed him away
, and stop assuming you know what’s best for me.” He takes a deep breath.
Dean just hums in reply.
Dean scrubs his hands over his face, looking at the clock on the bedside table.  He groans quietly, trying to hide a cough. “Uhh, yeah, just something quick.  We gotta go on a supply run before we head out on this hunt.” He sits up, his joints popping all over.  Cas watches as his hands come up to rub his neck. “I’m going to take a shower then if you’re making breakfast.”
Dean tries his hardest to not think about Purgatory.  It still makes his shoulders twitch in fear every time he does. He nods, even though Cas can’t see it.
“Drink,” Cas demands, from over the laptop screen, “and don’t forget the medicine.”
A few open their mouths, as if to speak.  One of them even clears their throat.  But again, no one talks.
Foregoing words, the angel responds with a more forceful kiss (it’s almost a bite) and his hand moving faster with every pump.  He then releases both Dean’s lips and his cock, shifting his body so he’s kneeling between the hunters legs.  Lips and tongue move across Dean’s lower abdomen and hips, as if scanning for the place to stop.  It’s hard for Dean not to force it, to not shove his cock into Cas’s throat and fuck him with abandon; it’s hard for him to only drag his fingers through the man’s hair and not grab a fistful.  Soon Dean is mewling—
Dean figures it’s safe to walk back out now, it’s been long enough for each of them to calm down.  He’ll go directly to bed.
He gathers his grace enough to direct him back to the exact spot in the laundry room.  He picks up the pair of pants that dropped when he was summoned.
He can sense the angel’s shoulders begin to fall as he collapses on the corner of my bed. “You’ve never felt the brokenness that I am experiencing, Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas soothes, “it’s okay, it’s going to be okay.” The angel’s fingers brush the tears from his face, the hair from his forehead. He gasps around his clenched jaw, trying to hold it all it. “Dean, everything is okay, it’s okay,” he keeps repeating.
Cas looks at her.  He’s going to fall to pieces any second now. “No, I wasn’t hurt…”
I've gotta be honest, I've only got a few more chapters written and I'm plateauing on this story a bit.
“Me…”
“Gabe? Please make sure Cas is okay. I’m so worried about him… and keep me posted? I know it’s best for him if I don’t talk to him right now…”
“Dean? Are you okay? You can’t talk crap about yourself and zone out on me like that, you scared me.”
What the fuck did he even say? Why did he text that the
“So now you have a date with her. Perk up, kid.”
“Cas!” he called, running as though it was a fever dream and Castiel was going to disappear from in front of him any second. He wanted to ignore the scared look in Castiel’s eyes as he approached him. He looked like a deer that had been caught in headlights.
In the next five minutes, Castiel was laying in Gabe’s arms, crying softly. He really didn’t understand how he was so overwhelmed after seeing the guy
Castiel’s eyes lit up. “Does this mean I get to see Sam? I haven’t seen him since he was, like, an actual baby!”
Castiel groaned as he let the notebook fall into his lap. “Not true, and you know that.”
Dean’s mother shot him a mischievous smile, which sent a blush creeping across Dean’s cheeks. “Of course! But I couldn’t send you boys off without some breakfast!”
like this at that dance.”
Dean shoved Castiel out of his seat as he celebrated his [slim] victory, and then the two of them were called down for dinner.
“How do you plan on protecting him from scum when you hang out with him and his friends all the time? You’re worst of all. You ignored him for years and
Dean looked up and saw a familiar figure walking towards the tree. He felt his heart fall into the pit of his stomach.
“So,” Castiel started. “Still think my parents hate you?” Castiel pulled his bag into his bed and started digging around for his English notes.
The rest of the day passed without Dean so much as giving Castiel a passing glance, which he supposed he was thankful for. If they could just go on pretending the other didn’t exist like they’d done for these past eight years or however long it had been.
Castiel grabbed Charlie by her shoulder and pulled her back. “Easy, girl. Don’t kill the man.”
. But it was too late. If he didn’t do this, he’d face the wrath. And he couldn’t take much more.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next few weeks passed without incident. As far as Castiel could tell, Gabe was finally starting to warm up to Dean. At the very least, Gabe was resigning to playing nice. Charlie had long since warmed up to him, but Castiel could still see the glint in her eye. She was ready to pounce the minute he screwed up again. For Dean’s sake, Castiel prayed that he wouldn’t. And… for his sake too, he supposed. He was already starting to get more attached to Dean Winchester again than he ever thought he’d be. As much as he didn’t want it to be, it was an incredibly dangerous game he was playing.
Dean pulled back himself, looking at Castiel with even more concern in his eyes. “Cas? Are you okay? What the hell is going on?”
Dean never did call him back, or text him to ask if he was okay.
The girl he ran into was incredibly pretty, and she was no stranger. She was Hannah Johnson, the current vice president of the student council. More importantly, Hannah Johnson, the girl he’s had a crush on since elementary school. He felt his heart thumping in his chest. She gave him a cute smile. “Sorry, looks like I wasn’t paying much attention.”
Dean couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face as he watched his mom dote over Castiel for the first time in such a long time.
On Castiel’s first day of ninth grade, he felt normal. Nobody approached him. He and his friends walked about as though they were invisible. It was the happiest Castiel had been in a long time. Castiel did not call Dean’s cell phone. Dean was no longer in Castiel’s contacts. About a year ago, Castiel’s friends insisted that he could not be happy until he let go of this poison.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey,” Dean started, putting his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “None of this is your fault, okay? She… she manipulated and abused you, you didn’t ask for any of this.”
Back inside, Castiel sat down to dinner and they all went around the table and talked about their day. Castiel looked to the empty chair next to him and sighed. He missed his brother. He’d been in college for what felt like forever. He graduated from undergraduate school last year, and now he was in a PhD program at Yale. He’d always been a smarty pants; Castiel always wanted to be just like him.
He shook his head and made his way to his own car, trying to take deep breaths and calm himself down. Once he got home, he could play a round of cards with Sammy or something to keep his mind off of everything.
“I’m really sorry about everything that happened with your dad, Dean.”
He’d almost forgotten the heavy weight of his blatant crush on his best friend pulling down on his shoulders. Until the winter holiday, when Castiel had come over for dinner with his family.
Dean stayed silent. She sat down next to him and rested a gentle hand on his knee. “And… you didn’t ruin my night Dean.”
Castiel hugged back even tighter? “Promise?”
For a while Dean and Castiel texted back and forth. But then one day, Dean read Castiel’s messages and stopped responding. Eventually, Castiel stopped texting him.
, and if you want him to continue to be happy and… safe,”
He turned to see Castiel leaving the school with Hannah on his arm, her face absolutely beaming like she hadn’t just cornered Dean and threatened him with all of his deepest, darkest secrets. How did she even know any of that stuff? He’d only told Castiel, Charlie, and Gabe about all of that stuff.
“Crap, we’re gonna be late! Your mom’s gonna kill me.”
“Guys, it doesn’t matter. We haven’t talked in so long, even if it is him, I doubt he remembers who I am. Its fine,” Castiel snapped, and Gabe and Charlie dropped it immediately. They all started talking about their summers again. Castiel’s mind began to wander.
The rest of the day passed in a slow calm, and with absolutely no sign of Hannah. For the first time in forever, it felt like the entire student body was breathing just a little bit easier.
Dean shook his head.
“I’m just so worried about him, Charlie…” Gabe mumbled as they walked towards the lunch room. “I’m worried that Dean is going to up and bolt again, and Cas is going to be broken for good. It took us so long to fix him.”
Dean pulled away from the hug and fell against the wall, sliding down and burying his head in his arms. “I can’t ever do anything right, can I?”
“Do you have feelings for him?”
,’ but Dean did his best to ignore it.
Dean chuckled under his breath. “At least I’m not batshit crazy, I guess.”
But last night everything was so… different. The way Dean was blushing after he’d ended up on top of Castiel, the way his lips were so soft and felt so
Charlie curled her fists at her side. “How am I supposed to believe you? It wouldn’t be the first completely stupid and irrational thing you’ve done because you’re blinded by your feelings.”
“Not so much as a word.” Castiel said flatly.
“You boys go have fun!” she insisted. “I’ll see you for dinner, Dean. And it was so wonderful to see you again, Castiel!”
. But…”
“What if I’m just… confused?” Castiel mumbled. “Or what if it’s a phase? Some people go through phases but they aren’t actually gay, right?”
“Are you sure they don’t hate me?” Dean asked, his voice a hushed whisper. Castiel simply shook his head and laughed. He didn’t even bother answering as his parents came bustling down the stairs.
“John, Mary, it’s so good to see you all one more time before the move,” Mrs. Novak said, pulling them each into hugs. “Come in, come in. Dinner is almost ready!”
The end of the day rolled around, and Gabe and Dean had been in contact for the better part of the day. The planned to take position at either end of the hall, eyes on Castiel’s locker. When Hannah came to meet him after classes, they’d pull out their phones and record. That way if she tried to pull anything suspicious, they’d catch her in the act.
“Holy shit…” Castiel breathed, standing up and walking across the room. He looked into the mirror on Charlie’s dresser and looked himself in the eyes.
Castiel watched as Dean walked into class, barely on time. He’d spent the entire lunch period with Jo, and Castiel was trying so hard to not feel jealous.
“I promise.”
He gave a brisk nod; Dean had no doubt that she was deadly serious. But, he didn’t let the fear overcome him. Instead, he pulled Charlie into a big hug as soon as she released her grip on him. He whispered a soft ‘thank you’ before walking away, leaving a completely dumbfounded Charlie behind him.
“Did she ever make you
A small part of him wished that he could have been the reason behind it. But he quickly shoved that away before he could think about it anymore. The last thing he needed was for Hannah to find out that he was thinking about Dean when he wasn’t allowed to.
“Good afternoon, students,” she said. “My name is Mrs. Miller, and I will be your English teacher this year. I am going to start off today by calling out the roll.”
Hannah Johnson. And he’s pretending to be really upset about it.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Gabe, please. You see him, don’t you? He looks so… gone.”
thanks for sticking with me all this time, I appreciate all of you so much
Castiel cleared his throat. “I’m Cas, I guess I’m the straight friend, and I like jazz.”
Dean couldn’t help his laugh. “Aren’t you supposed to be the responsible one, Cas?”
He tried to shove down the feelings he had into the pit of his stomach. If he didn’t know any better he’d think that he was feeling jealous over the fact that Dean was interested in asking out Jo Harvelle. One, Castiel was straight, so he wasn’t even romantically interested in Dean. Two, Castiel also had a date to the dance, so why shouldn’t Dean have one too?
“You’re welcome to sit with Jo and I at lunch if you want, Gabe,” Dean said thoughtfully when they’d arrived at his and Castiel’s English class. Gabe gave him an amused smile.
The next 50 minutes were an absolute hell. Castiel tried his best to not shoot Dean any side glances, but he knew he did at least twice. And both times they made eye contact, and both times Castiel blushed. At the end of the period, Castiel stayed in his seat, waiting for Dean to leave the room so he didn’t have to confront him.
Dean snickered. “Oh, you’re
“Here,” Castiel said coolly. He felt Dean turn and look at him, but he didn’t show that he had noticed. Mrs. Miller called 4 more names before...
Charlie rubbed reassuring circles into Gabe’s back. “I know. I’m worried too. But, I promise you that I don’t think Dean is as evil as we’ve lead ourselves to believe. You should have seen the way he looked at me when he asked for Cassie’s number. So much hope, so much
He lost himself in the lecture and paid no mind to the worried side glances that Dean kept shooting him from across the room.
“I can’t believe you’d do this, Gabe…” he said softly, turning back to Hannah. Her eyes were still glistening with tears, but her gaze was still fierce and threatening.
“Well, it couldn’t be,” Gabe butted in. “If it
With that, she leaned over and gave him a tight hug. He hugged back, never wanting to let go. It felt as though it was going to be the last time he ever saw her.
Castiel let out a deep sigh. “And thus begins the saga of late-night texts that I’ll regret in the morning…” he whispered to himself.
“I’m gay. I’m fucking gay and I’m in love with Dean fucking Winchester.”
“You look… beautiful. I have no words,” Dean responded, his words so quiet he couldn’t be sure if he’d thought them or said them out loud. Ellen came over and hastily pushed Dean towards Jo.
Hannah didn’t budge, keeping her gaze steady and unphased against him. “I don’t know if you’ve heard the news or not,
“Damn, Cas, you look pale as hell. You feeling okay?”
, and only decide that you want to be back in his life because he’s all
He stood up and stretched. “Alright, short stack, I’ll be down in a couple minutes.”
. . .
“Oh, Dean, are you staying for dinner?” Castiel’s mother asked, her face pleading.
Castiel left his phone on the bed, pacing about the room. Why was so much happening?
Before they knew it, the lunch period was over. Without thinking, Dean insisted upon being a good prom date and walking Jo to her next class, even though it was in the opposite direction of his own class. In the end she relented, and let him walk her to class, and even gave him a small peck on the cheek before waving goodbye and stepping into her classroom. Dean waltzed comfortably back towards his own classroom, sitting down right as the tardy bell rang. He fought every instinct to turn and look at Castiel. He’d had a very good day up until this point, and he didn’t want to do anything to mess it up.
give you Castiel’s number. But what right to you have to come in and screw him up even more when you’ve already inflicted enough damage on him, you know?”
“So, I was thinking that I could take you to that new restaurant that just opened in town. And then,” he said, a signature smirk crossing his lips. “I have a secret surprise for you afterwards.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know I fucked up, Charlie. I know I have no right, and Castiel doesn’t owe me anything. But… I at least want to try. I want to try to fix what friendship we had. Because, god damnit… I haven’t stopped thinking about him since the day I left.”
When the blond noticed Charlie, he smiled at her. They must’ve gotten along well in Media Tech. When he turned and saw Castiel, his face twisted in shock, but he kept walking to sit in a seat diagonally in front of him. Castiel’s heart started pounding again.
Between college and feeling not super great about my writing skills, its taken a lot to keep this story going. But I love it so much and want to see it through, so I promise that no matter what, this story will be seen through to the end!
“If you get bullied, I’ll walk back by myself and personally kick them in the butt for you, Cas.”
“Dean, please, just go…” Castiel begged. Dean reached out to him, but Castiel just shook his head and slapped his hand away. “Just leave me alone!” he shouted, his eyes pleading and tears flowing freely. “You did that well enough for 8 years, you’re just making everything worse for me by being back!”
Jo laughed beside him, and he couldn’t help his smile. “You have such a calming presence, Jo. I don’t know how you do it.”
Luckily, Gabe was already waiting by Castiel’s car once he got there. He finally slowed to only a brisk pace as he fumbled around his pocket to get his car keys out. Gabe gave him a worried look as he approached the car.
, getting a ride home from one of Castiel’s parents.
Dean turned back towards the dining room, arms up in victory. His mother only shook his head, standing up and gathering their dishes to bring back into the kitchen. “Come help clean up or you guys don’t get any scones.”
She turned, grabbing Dean by the collar and yanking his face dangerously towards her own. “I know how interested you are in my
Before he knew it, he was drifting off into a peaceful sleep.
“I was thinking we could go for pink,” Gabe said. He looked up to Charlie giving him an incredulous look.
and sent the message before dropping his phone onto the night stand and going to sleep.
Why was life so fucking cruel?
Castiel gave him a concerned look. “Are you okay, Dean? If it’s too much, you know you don’t have to tell me.”
Castiel melted into the hug. Dean swore he could’ve stayed like that forever, if it wasn’t for his mom shouting up the stairs to tell them that breakfast was ready. Dean shoved the rest of his things into his bag and slung it over his shoulder before they went downstairs.
. But even then, you can’t just decide—”
With that, Jo hopped from the table and stormed down the trail headed for the park exit.
“I’m really sorry Cas... I... I just lost touch, I guess. God, that sounds awful... Do you hate me, Cas?”
Dean closed his eyes and leaned back against the tree. It was so surreal to be here with Castiel again, all these years later. God he’d missed this. When things were getting rough between his parents, he wanted nothing more than to come back to this tree and sit next to Castiel. He’d always had such a comforting presence. It honestly rivaled his mother’s sometimes.
Dean tried to ignore the sting of tears in his eyes. He had been waffling over asking Castiel to the dance for several days now, but… he supposed his anxiety could be replaced with disappointment now. He perked up when one of his new friends, Jo, fell in step next to him as they walked together to their first class. He ignored the fluttering in his stomach as she started bombarding him with questions about their homework assignment that was due in approximately 15 minutes.
After discovering that his mom wasn’t half bad at baking, he and Sam had both devoured 2 scones before wishing their mom a good night and heading up to their bedrooms. Dean had a homework assignment that he still had to finish before he crawled into bed. He sat down at his desk and pulled his phone out of his pocket to put it on the charger. When the screen flashed on, he saw a text from an unknown number.
Castiel smiled and leaned into his mother’s embrace. Things were going to get better for all of them. For once in his life, everything truly felt okay.
Concerned whispers were spreading around the cafeteria like wild fire. People were glancing between where Gabe and Dean stood, and where Hannah sat at her table. They all looked as though they weren’t sure what they were supposed to believe.
“What pink are we talking here, Henson? Pastel? Hot?” she demanded, standing up and pulling Gabe up by his shirt collar. “Salmon? Coral?!”
In the end, though it was Dean who ended up owing Castiel $20.
“I told him I hadn’t heard good things about her… I didn’t want him to get subjected to all that shit. He had enough heartbreak when he had to deal with
“I just… don’t know how it’s going to work yet. I think it would be best if I just kept it to myself…”
Dean threw his hand up and gave Charlie a high five, smiling bigger than Castiel ever remembered seeing.
The rest of dinner passed without incident. The check came, and Dean paid, much to Jo’s dismay. Then he stood and offered her his arm. The drive to the park was silent, mostly because he was terrible at keeping secrets and this part of the date was supposed to be a surprise. The night was exceptionally clear, which meant that they could see the stars starting to pop out in the night sky. What’s more romantic than star gazing?
Castiel’s breath hitched. He didn’t respond.
Dean felt that he was visibly shaking at this point. “How dare you talk about him like that.” He took another step towards her, but he stopped in his tracks as Hannah began to yell out.
he thought.
Why was he so nervous?
Dean blushed, rubbing the back of his neck. “I can’t help that there’s a lot of hot guys on this planet, man.”
Jo laughed. “You’re not too bad yourself, Winchester.”
At some point, Dean fell down and started crying. His mother knelt beside him and wrapped him in her arms, rocking themselves back and forth and whispering words of comfort to her son.
With that, the front door closed, and Dean walked back to his car, time slowing down around him. Jo really was a delight, and he absolutely loved her company. He hoped he could make this work. He wanted to make this work.
The two of them made their way to the dance floor. He couldn’t help the double take as he watched Hannah and Castiel dancing across the room. Castiel looked like a prisoner in his own skin, and Dean hated everything about it. But he shook his head and tried to stay focused on Jo, the brilliant ball of energy she was standing in front of him. Castiel was his own person, he could figure this out. He smiled and felt his guard come down, even if it was just for tonight.
“Here she is. I know it isn’t any limousine, but,”
“Do you want a ride home?” Castiel asked.
“Jo, wait!” Dean called out, chasing after her. He caught up to her and lightly grabbed her arm, but she ripped it away.
Dean and Castiel sat down together at lunch the following Monday. Dean mindlessly picked at his food, trying not to let his anxiety take him down through the spiral that was surely coming. “So, what did you want to talk about?”
Dean nodded his head, not able to shrug the disappointment. Spending time with his brother always helped him feel better when he was having a rough day. They’d become practically inseparable ever since their parents’ marriage had started going south. It was much better now that it was just their mom, but he still missed Sammy’s company when he was gone.
He tried to shove the thought away, but it persisted.
“Hey, Dean, Cassie? Everything alright?”
“Ow, what the hell—”
Dean’s typing…
He hadn’t expected so much to happen. Because, so… so much was happening… He felt so bad for Dean, but… Castiel had his struggles too. And he reached out to Dean. Dean didn’t do the same.
It was almost midnight now, so it was a crapshoot as to whether or not he was still awake. But he responded anyway.
“I’m Gabe, I’m bi, and Charlie has decreased my life expectancy by at least 20 years.”
“Is that what they call dancing these days?” Dean teased as he walked up, Jo giggling beside him.
Gabe gave Dean a toothy grin before he waltzed over towards Hannah. “What was that you were saying about you weren’t going to let
I love how this chapter centers on Dean's struggles and his home life. Also, I rly rly hate Hannah :)))
Castiel didn’t check his phone again before quietly sneaking out of the front door. He’d left a note on the kitchen table just in case he walked in the door after his parents had woken up. Unlike most parents of teenagers, they trusted Castiel’s judgement. So, he very seldom hid things from them. The sky was just beginning to show the signs of sunrise. Castiel got to the tree and fell back against it. He let his head fall back against the rough bark and he took deep breaths. The air felt fresh and cool in his lungs; it was going to be a cold autumn. At some point he felt his phone vibrate, which was either a confirmation or a refusal of Dean coming to join him.
Tears welled in Castiel eyes and suddenly Dean hated himself so much more.
He plopped his bag on the ground and closed the door gently behind him. He let out a heavy sigh, letting his shoulders droop.
Dean’s stomach felt incredibly unsettled. “I hate this. I hate everything about this.”
Maybe this could all work.
Dean didn’t respond. Instead he knelt down and dug a textbook out of his bag before he sat down on the floor near Castiel’s bed. Castiel cast a sideways glance at him.
And just as he wanted, he spent the day lazing around his room. He mindlessly played video games between bouts of homework. At the end of the night, his fingers hovered tentavily over send before he thought
On Castiel’s first day of eighth grade, he did not go to school. He was in the hospital after a nearly successful suicide attempt. His two friends sat with him in the hospital along with Castiel’s parents. They all held hands and cried softly while Castiel slept. When Castiel woke up, they celebrated.
The ride home was filled with the most uncomfortable silence that had ever fallen between the two of them.
“Of course.”
Castiel responded by slamming his locker closed. “Jesus, Dean, can’t you just leave me the hell alone for once?
“I just don’t know what to do anymore, Charlie… How do we help him?”
“Are we free to go now, mom?” Jo asked, giggling. Her mom pulled the two of them into a hug.
He finally hit send on the draft that had been sitting in his text messages for two days.
Charlie’s name was third on the roster, and Mrs. Miller called out about 12 other names before she got to Castiel’s.
It’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it though. I understand. 11:56PM
He walked her to the front door and gave her another chaste kiss on the lips before the door was swung open. Dean gave a sheepish smile to Jo’s mother as Jo walked inside, giggling. Ellen turned and watched her daughter as she walked inside before turning back to Dean, returning a genuine smile.
Finally, Castiel spoke.
And it was even better, because he didn’t come home to his parents arguing. He came home to a small, happy family full of people that
“Cas—”
Dean laughed and stood up. He offered a hand to Castiel to hoist him up as well. They walked together in comfortable silence towards Dean’s house. When they walked in they were greeted by the pleasant smell of bacon and eggs cooking in the kitchen. Sam lay across the couch in the living room, watching some cartoons absentmindedly.
Dean’s mother rolled her eyes. “Stop being a smart-ass and come help me pick up all these pans I just spilled all over the floor.
An uncomfortable silence settled over them. Dean could tell that Castiel wanted to be anywhere else but here with him right now. And he hated himself for it. He hated that he made Castiel feel so uncomfortable around him. He wanted things to go back to how they were before. Where they could sit under the tree and talk for hours and hours.
With one last (very tight) hug from his mother, Dean and Castiel left for the short trek to Castiel’s house. Dean tried to fight off the intense nerves.
not that way.
With that, Dean turned his phone on silent and rolled over. He was sure Castiel was tired, and he was always determined to get the last word in a text conversation. So, he figured this way at least Castiel would be able to get some sleep once he realized the conversation was over for the night.
Castiel groaned as they continued walking. “I don’t like the suggestive tone behind calling me the straight friend, and I don’t understand why you think anyone in this school would actually want to be my date to a dance,” he muttered, leaving him unable to pay enough attention to keep himself from bumping into a random stranger. He stumbled backwards a few steps and looked up. He was halfway through an apology before he was stunned into silence.
“Can I help you with something, sweetheart?” he asked, his voice like ice.
Charlie nearly spit out her drink that she’d been taking a sip of before throwing her hand in the air. “Yeah, gay squad! Gay squad!” Even Gabe, against his better judgement, gave an impressed smirk.
After a few more seconds, Castiel started planning his elaborate rescue mission, but before he had to do anything Dean had finally joined him upstairs.
“You guys know I love Hannah… why would you do something in such a desperate attempt to hurt her?”
“What did he look like when he was younger? Be vague; eye color, hair color, anything!” she asked, her voice urgent. She kept turning around and staring at someone in the crowd that Castiel couldn’t see. He was getting very suspicious.
With that, he shuffled back into his office and closed the door. Dean stood up and waltzed down the hall next to Gabe, neither of them saying a word.
The girl gave him a curious look. “You’re Castiel Novak, right?” she asked, giving him an interested smirk. “The student council is really impressed with all the work you’ve done with the tutoring program. You do some good stuff.”
“Dean Winchester, is that really you?!” Castiel’s mother asked, running up to him and pulling him into a hug. She stepped back and held him by the shoulders, giving him a once over.
“Sorry about what?” he asked, actually sounding clueless. Castiel sighed.
Charlie shook her head. “I can’t believe she actually thought her terrible actions wouldn’t catch up to her sooner or later. Karma’s a bad bitch and she’s got
Castiel inwardly cursed as he rushed to a seat in the back of the class. Dean was already in the room, and he hoped that he hid himself well enough. Even if he hadn’t, he was sitting on the complete opposite side of the classroom. And this teacher was known to be a hard ass about paying attention in class, so he wouldn’t get away with staring at Castiel the whole god damn time.
“Oh, well I hope you didn’t fill up on spaghetti, because you’re in for a knuckle sandwich, kiddo,”
It was Castiel’s turn to blush. “Great, thanks Dad. We’re gonna head upstairs to study now.”
Then again, Dean had never been the sharing type. So, the fact that he was telling Castiel so much now said a lot about how terribly he felt about how things ended.
“Just stay calm, Winchester,” he muttered to himself. “Play it cool.”
She then turned and motioned towards Castiel.
He released Castiel from his grip and returned to his lunch. “Word on the street is that we won’t be seeing any more of Hannah. I think she’s officially on the brink of expulsion.”
“Fine, fine. Jesus. He had, like, dirty blond hair, and green eyes, and from what I remember he had a lot of freckles. Now you answer my question: why?”
He cocked his head to the side. “Another unknown number?”
“But,” she continued. This next part, Dean wasn’t expecting.
The clock downstairs chimed 12 times.
like Dean.”
Jo shrugged. “I just don’t really mesh with any of the groups here, so I sort of just do my own thing all the time.”
Before they knew it, the night of Prom was among them. Dean had arrived at Jo’s house just after 6, and he was feeling absolutely ecstatic. He was let inside by Jo’s mother, Ellen, and he waited at the foot of the stairs, mindlessly fiddling with his suit sleeves. When Jo appeared at the top of the stairs and started walking down, Dean’s jaw physically dropped.
“What’s up with her?” Dean asked, failing miserably at keeping the disgust out of his voice.
“You alright, Cas? What took so long?”
Castiel slammed his bag onto the ground and threw his books in before opening the back door and tossing the bag onto the seat. He flopped into his car and started it. Gabe climbed in next to him.
“I knew you didn’t like Hannah, but
“Is that
“Why didn’t you just tell me, asshat…” he mumbled to himself.
As always, comments are appreciated!!! I hope you are still enjoying reading as much as I enjoy writing this one <3 Hopefully will see you a bit sooner than last time for an update.
But that had to wait.
in his direction.
Charlie pulled away from the hug, humming thoughtfully. “Well, I’m sure Gabe has officially been banished from the table now too. But I know that she knows I wasn’t involved in any of it. So, I’ll keep close tabs on them. And if anything happens, you two will be the first to know.”
Jo giggled, smiling at him. “Really going all out with this, aren’t you?”
She feigned more tears, and several students walked up to her offering words of comfort. However, several more students stood back, and some even walked away, shaking their heads. Castiel awkwardly rubbed small circles on her back, unsure of what else to do. It was definitely Hannah’s voice in the recording, and… not out of character. But if he said that to anyone, it would be his head. So he kept his mouth shut and let event unfold as they were going to.
with you?”
friend, so you’re statistically more likely to be successful in your endeavors for a date,” Charlie stated matter-of-factly. “Also, I know for a fact that there are girls at this school that you’d like to ask, and you never will without me pushing you to do it. No cop outs, no Dean. A
But she turned to him, and she was sincere.
“I guess... this is goodbye then,” Castiel said, his eyes glossy from tears that were beginning to form.
She beamed at him. “Well, it’s always a pleasure to see you. You’re welcome at the Novak house any time, sweetie.”
enough for you?”
On Castiel’s first day of third grade, he was walking home with another black eye, and a broken wrist. Dean still didn’t come back. But he called Castiel on the phone, promising once again he’d come home soon.
Castiel simply squeezed Charlie’s hands. “You were there for me when I needed you most; that’s all I can ask of you, Charlie. I still love you, you know,” he added, giving a playful squeeze. “So you don’t have to beg for my forgiveness or anything.”
Dean feels feelings, and Mama Winchester is there to save the day. Gabe and Dean form an unexpected alliance in the wake of all the Hannah drama.
“About a month ago...” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck bashfully. “I meant to tell you, but we hadn’t talked in so long... I figured I wouldn’t bother you with it.”
Dean retaliated by playfully swatting Castiel’s legs off the bed, causing him to almost tumble completely off.
Later that day at lunch, the usual group of four sat at their table. Charlie immediately began planning outfits for herself and Gabe.
Jo sighed, and she stayed silent for a long time. Dean opened his mouth to speak, to say
Dean blushed under the scrutiny of Castiel’s parents. “Yeah… it has been a while, huh?”
With his eyes blurred with tears, Castiel turned around and went home. He didn’t want to feel.
It was several minutes before Dean got a response.
Dean’s typing…
Castiel doesn’t even have enough time to have another thought before his phone buzzes with a response
, Charlie?!”
Jo suddenly stopped walking, and Dean almost ran into her. She turned around and looked at him with such a hurt expression that Dean wanted to punch himself in the face.
But… was Hannah
Dean’s smile faltered as he thought about Castiel. All the horrible things he’d done to that poor kid. The person who was supposed to be his best friend. He didn’t realize he’d zoned out until he felt Jo tapping on his shoulder. He turned to eyes full of concern.
The two of them both came up with excuses to leave their last classes 5 minutes earlier and rendezvoused in the hallway.
“You wanna say that again Charlie, I don’t think anyone heard you over in China,” Castiel snapped, rubbing his arm and looking towards the stranger.
Gabe,” she said, shaking her head. “You need to get in control of your jealousy.”
Within minutes of entering their classes, to absolutely nobody’s surprise, Dean and Gabe were called to the principal’s office. When they arrived, Hannah was inside, shoulders shaking with faked sobs and her mouth, each word escaping helping to form a more and more intricate lie.
He let out a deep sigh and turned and crept into the crowd, walking in the direction Gabe had stormed off, trying not to let the deep punch of disappointment get to him.
of catching up with Dean’s mom, so they knew all about what had gone down between Dean’s parents. Thankfully, though, all Castiel’s parents had to say on the matter was how much they loved Dean, and they were glad that he, his brother, and his mom were back in the neighborhood after being away for so long.
“Sorry I never texted back last night. I apparently channeled my inner old man and fell asleep at the ripe hour of 8:30.”
“Well?”
Dean shook his head furiously, scattering any coherent thoughts that were left. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been out of it, but Castiel was looking at him, concerned.
Dean finally closed the textbook, letting it fall to the floor. “Yeah, sure. As long as you’re okay with getting your ass kicked.”
Dean looked down. “Are you sure, Mrs. Novak? I don’t want to cause any trouble or anything.”
At lunch, Castiel, Gabe, and another one of their friends Hannah, were all talking excitedly about their summer. Charlie came up and completely changed the subject.
someone so we’re even. Preferably a special someone.”
?” he pleaded, his voice cracking with unshed tears.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve heard… unflattering images being painted of Miss Johnson,” he said, his voice low and tired. He must get a lot of this from her, then. Even the principal of the school is at her mercy. He let out a deep sigh. “But, unfortunately, due to lack of evidence, I’m afraid there isn’t much I can do. But, this so-called “stunt” you boys pulled doesn’t seem worthy of any real punishment, so you are free to return to class.”
Hannah narrowed her eyes, but she said nothing else as she turned and stalked away from them. Once they were out of earshot, Gabe pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed the ‘stop’ button on his phone’s voice memo. He smirked at Dean, who now had a stupid grin across his face.
Castiel gave a small grunt and looked away, but not before Dean caught something in his gaze. If he didn’t know any better, he would have thought it was jealousy.
She ruffled his hair. “I love you too, Dean-o.” She hoisted herself up before reaching down and pulling Dean up with her. He always forgets how tough his mom is until moments like this.
“You’re thinking about him, aren’t you?”
“Do you really have to move, Dean?” he asked softly, as if hoping the desperation in his voice would somehow stop the inevitable from happening.
Why… why did Dean keep looking at him like that? With such curious, and at the same time such sad eyes. If the dick actually felt sorry, then why the hell did he never reach out? Never even sent a god damn text.
of other people are coming forward with their experiences. It’s honestly horrifying.”
“Asshole,” he muttered, getting up and crossing the room to dig through his bookshelf. “I think the only multiplayer game I’ve got these days is Smash Bros. That work for you?”
Castiel rolled his eyes and turned to look at Dean sitting across the table. He was gazing off at something in the distance. Correction, make that
wanted to get touched by her in any way, but
Castiel just shrugged. “We’ve got that English midterm next week. If you want, you could come over and study. I’m sure my parents would love to see you again.”
Eventually Castiel made it to the tree and flopped down in the grass next to Dean. The two of them sat in a comfortable silence for a few minutes. Castiel was the first to speak.
Hannah was now hunched over, her face buried in her hands. Probably getting ready to open the flood gates for whatever excuse she’d come up with.
Jo stopped again.
On Castiel’s first day of fourth grade, he was walking home with a black eye, some cuts on his arms, and two new friends at either shoulder. Dean still hadn’t come back. Castiel called Dean’s home phone. Dean’s father answered. Dean was busy. Castiel’s new friends watched as he sadly hung up the phone.
, he thought.
Dean walked over to Castiel and pulled him into a hug. “Stop that, Cas. The pain I caused you isn’t justified by the pain I’ve been through. I was a shitty friend, and you had every right to be hurt by that.”
Castiel burst out into laughter as a bright pink Dean Winchester was dragged across the cafeteria towards Jo Harvelle’s table. Yet, he still couldn’t fight the twinge of disappointment as he watched him being flustered by someone that… wasn’t him.
She let the note fall from her hands and glared at the both of them again. “If you think you’re going to keep me from Castiel Novak, you have another thing coming. I
Dean shook his head, clearing out his thoughts. “Sorry, it’s just… Castiel Novak and I have some shaky history and, I don’t ever want to hurt anyone like that again. I honestly still feel like he’s forgiving me way to easily for what I did to him.”
Though, he supposed, if he was going to cry about anything, this was a pretty good excuse. He texted Gabe, unsure of what to do.
“Why did you ask me out if you liked him?” she asked, her voice breaking ever so slightly.
Later that night, once Castiel is back home in his bed, he can’t help but toss and turn. He can’t stop thinking about the way that Dean’s lips felt on his own. How hard his heart beat in his chest. How even though he’s straight he… he didn’t want Dean to stop kissing him. How he wouldn’t have minded if Dean had kissed him again.
Charlie shrugged. “Dunno. Castiel has been pretty reluctant to dance with her or anything, so she might be a bit upset about that. Don’t blame her; Castiel was the one who asked her, so he should be more
“Jo, I…”
It gets a little heavy, trigger warning for suicide mention.
“You might consider being a little more well-behaved, yes? No more stunts like whatever today was?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Charlie shook her head. “There’s no default settings on people, Cassie. You like who you like! And it sounds to me like you
With that, she walked away. Castiel turned to Charlie and punched her in the arm. “What the
at this thing. But he’s hardly said a word to her this whole night.”
Castiel’s eyes went wide. What was going on? Hannah was always so sweet and charming, where the hell did this come from? What happened to the sweet girl with bright eyes who was blushing over him asking her to the dance just this morning?
Dean couldn’t hide his satisfied smirk as Jo blushed. He waltzed over to the car and opened the passenger door open, letting her climb inside. After ensuring she was in, he gently closed the door and made his way to the driver’s side.
get what I want. And I especially won’t let scum like you two stop me.”
Gabe turned around to look at Castiel sitting at the table. His guard fell immediately; Dean was right. He looked positively miserable. Gabe growled as he turned back to face Dean.
Charlie’s gaze softened when she saw in his eyes the depth of the sincerity in his statements and the sadness in his eyes. She gave Dean Castiel’s phone number.
“Castiel, don’t… don’t you dare finish that sentence,” Dean growled, turning to him. “I’ve watched her push you around since you asked her out, and I’m done sitting by and watching. Nothing is okay about her hitting you. Nothing is okay about the hell she’s put you through for these past 2 months. Not a
Dean turned back to look at Castiel. His eyes were at least shining a little brighter today; maybe he’d just been tired. He had a big, stupid grin plastered across his face as Charlie appeared to be spinning some tall tales. Her arms were flapping about wildly, nearly hitting Gabe in the face on more than one occasion.
Dean let out a relieved sigh, leaning back against the wall. “Talk about best prom date ever.”
I'm so sorry y'all. Life is crazy, and I've had such bad writers block for literally the longest time. I hope this chapter holds up. Thanks for sticking up with my absolutely horrendous updating.
At the end of the day, Dean flagged down Jo and she stopped, waiting for him as he caught up to her.
Gabe shrugged. “Yeah, I guess so. I’m sorry… about how I acted earlier. If you’re happy with Hannah, then I’m happy for you.” Gabe shot him a small smile, but he quickly looked away. Castiel could tell that he wasn’t in the mood for talking; he supposed he was thankful for that, because that meant he was at a lower risk for bursting into tears if he had to talk about everything that had happened that day.
Update (12/16/2018)
In the blink of an eye, Hannah had brought her own hand across her face, screaming out in pain. Dean threw his arms out in front of him and backed away. Jo grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him further back towards where Castiel was standing. There was no telling who she would try to hit next. Gabe and Charlie followed suit and joined them where they stood by Castiel.
“Hi, Dean.”
When they’d made it outside, Jo whipped around, grabbing Dean by the shoulders. He was downright sobbing at this point; he felt absolutely pathetic
“I have an image to maintain, and dating you is no doubt going to enhance my status. I can’t have you fooling around with anyone else while you’re with me and screwing up my reputation. Got it?”
With that, Gabe turned and left the school. Dean’s heart fell into the deepest pit in his stomach. What did he mean he’d only ever seen him try to give everything up once? He shivered, not wanting to think about Castiel Novak, the most precious person on this Earth, feeling anything but utter happiness.
Dean chose to ignore the faint blush on Gabe’s cheeks. “Whatever, asshole. Let’s just get out of here before we get him in even more trouble with Hannah.”
Yeah so I'm a garbo human but thank you for being patient. I really love this story and I promise I'm going to try my hardest to see it through to the end! I do have the rest of the story vaguely mapped out, its just a matter of writing it.
Castiel’s mother must have noticed him drifting off staring at Luke’s chair. She reached out and grabbed his hand. “I think we’re all missing Luke, lately. Even after all these years, it still feels strange not having him at home anymore. And now you only have 2 years of high school left, and we’ll truly be empty nesters.”
! Haven’t you heard the things people say about her? She’s a controlling, manipulative bitch. How else do you think she secured the vice president gig?”
“See you later, Cas.”
No fucking way.
He threw a hand up to his face and groaned. “God, I really am the worst person on the planet, aren’t I?”
Dean melted further into his mother’s embrace, and let his tears fall. “You deserved so much better, mom. You deserved so much better than him.”
“Now, I normally don’t do this…” Dean started. “Since driver calls the shots on music, and passengers shut their cakeholes in my household, but…”
Castiel sighed. “I wish it was that easy. But now I have to see his damn face every day and remember all the things that I liked about him when we were kids.”
“Yeah. I’m fine,” Castiel mumbled, digging through his bag to pull out a notebook and a pencil. Though, he wasn’t exactly sure he was going to be paying much attention to the lecture.
“No, no,” Dean said suddenly, successfully dragging himself out of the anxiety, if for just a moment. “I’m sorry, I’m just… there’s a lot on my mind right now.”
Castiel excitedly ran up the stairs and grabbed on Luke’s shirt. He was in the middle of writing a paper for one of his classes. He groaned and pulled off his headphones.
As always, thank you so much for your support!
He turned and picked up his bag, slinging it over his shoulder.
“Because… they hadn’t. At least, I didn’t realize it if they did.”
He sighed, losing himself in the lecture. When the bell rang, he was the first one out of his seat and out the door. If he wasn’t there when Hannah got out of class, she’d be upset.
Castiel smiled and hugged Dean. “Okay... see you later, Dean.”
Castiel laughed as he absorbed all of the questions from Dean’s mother. “Oh, my parents are doing really well. They were excited to hear that you guys moved back in. Luke’s doing great, too! He’s up at college, so it’s been a little lonely at home without him.” Castiel rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “I was actually going to invite Dean over today so we could study together, if that’s alright?”
Dean gave Ellen a salute. “Scouts honor, ma’am.”
,” he growled, airing the motion of actually squirting lemons into his eyes.
“Ah ah ah, stop right there Winchester,” Jo demanded. “You know none of that matters to me.”
. Castiel followed his gaze and landed on a pretty girl with bright blonde hair. She was sitting a few tables away with a group of her friends.
Jo beamed at him. “It’s so nice how much you two care about each other. A lot of people would think you guys were… you know. Not straight. It isn’t
“Is there anything you wanted to go over first?” Dean asked, skimming over marked passages.
Gabe slammed his fists into the table. “How can you not see what a fuckin’ ruse she just pulled, Charlie?!” he shouted, causing students around them to snap their heads in their direction. “Why the hell would I go through so much effort to doctor a recording, those were real words that came out of her damn mouth!”
Almost 30 minutes had passed before Gabe walked out of the principal’s office. The principal followed, a grave expression crossing his features. Though, he didn’t seem like he was that angry with them.
“Go upstairs and get your brother. The Winchesters are going to be over soon for dinner.”
intimidating shit-eating grin on her face.
Dean nodded. “You know, I think Cas’ friends would really like you. And I know Charlie would probably love to have another bouncing ball of estrogen hanging around more often.”
“No…” he muttered, almost to himself.
Gabe yawned with complete disinterest. “Alright, have fun with that, sweetheart.”
Jo pulled Dean away from the crowd that had started gathering around them to see what was going on; Gabe and Charlie gathered at either side of Castiel, ushering him away from Hannah. Several of them were shaking their heads; at least if nothing else came of the evening, they’d seen how absolutely insane Hannah Johnson was. Everyone had watched her slap herself silly and try to blame it on Dean.
“Hey, are you alright, man?” Dean asked, not even attempting to mask the concern in his voice. “You looked a little rough after lunch. Is everything okay with Hannah?”
He turned back to Hannah and took another step towards her. “I knew you were doing this shit to him! I knew it that first day you dragged him away. What, you have such a poisonous personality that the only way you can get people to like you is by treating them like shit? What the hell is
Dean looked up and did his best to muster a smile that wasn’t clouded in disappointment. “Thanks for being honest, and… thanks for… for listening to me, and for being so understanding. I… I don’t want this to ruin the relationship we already have, but I just needed you to know…”
Before things could get any more heated, Dean walked forward and placed an outstretched arm in front of Gabe. “If you won’t believe him, Charlie, will you believe me?”
They finally let each other go and fell down under the tree. Dean talked about all of the things that had happened after he left. How he watched his family fall apart. He never made a lot of friends in California. He only ever had his brother. Castiel suddenly felt terrible for being so upset. Castiel had a loving, supportive family, a great group of friends. He knew no hardships like these, and yet… he was the one who tried to commit suicide. He felt pathetic.
Castiel shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My goodness, the last time we saw you, you were just a baby. Look how much you’ve grown!”
On Castiel’s first day of seventh grade, he walked home alone, with no visible injuries. He had been told that he was worthless and he should just kill himself. He didn’t know why the kids at school hated him so much. Castiel called Dean’s cell phone. It went to voicemail. Castiel left a message in a broken voice before he fell onto his bed and cried himself to sleep.
Castiel swung his front door open and walked in, kicking off his shoes.
“No, Dean. You did the right thing. I don’t know why Castiel freaked out on you like that. But it definitely would have been worse if you watched it happen and didn’t do anything.”
Charlie groaned in exasperation. They were getting
Luke smiled. “Oh yeah, forgot the Winchesters were heading this way.”
“Y-yeah,” Dean stuttered. “We talked a little over the weekend, and I think everything’s good now.” He shook his head, shaking out his hair, willing for the subject to change.
Dean narrowed his eyes and curled his hands into fists so tight that his nails dug into the palms of his hand. He practically growled the next words.
And after Castiel was finally able to fall asleep last night, his mind kept playing the scenes of that day over and over again. And all Castiel wanted to do was go to Dean and tell him that he was sorry, that he’d give anything to have him close, to hold him, to stare into those perfect green eyes and tell him how much he loved-
Castiel flopped into his car and took in deep breaths. He hated everything about what he’d just done. But Hannah was downright terrifying, and he had no idea how he was going to get himself out of this.
“I didn’t want to hurt you… I, I don’t know what to say. I know I can’t make this up to you, but please… at least let me drive you home? I don’t want you to get hurt because I’m an idiot.”
Jo giggled and peaked into the console. “Oh! This one for sure! I love Guns N’ Roses!”
Dean smiled, shaking his head. “Let me take you out to dinner. Just the two of us, no crazy school dances. Just us.” Dean stood up and offered his hand to Jo and pulled her up as well. Jo couldn’t help the blush that crossed her cheeks. After she stood up, she shook Dean’s hand wildly. “You have yourself a deal, Winchester.”
Castiel and Dean sat shoulder to shoulder on Dean’s bed. His mother was downstairs preparing a small Christmas eve dinner. They were busy taking turns with an online racing games, competing to see who could get the best score. Castiel grinned as he purposely made a glitch in the game into a shortcut, cutting his first time by at least 30 seconds.
“Dean!”
“Oh man, mom, it was so cool! You could steal cars and mug people, and even shoot people!”
Dean looked up at Gabe with pleading eyes. “Please.”
“I see you’re putting up some posters for the upcoming formal there, er—what’s your name again?”
At home, Castiel’s phone buzzed. He picked it up to see a notification from an unknown phone number. Intrigued, he turned his attention from the English homework he’d been working on and unlocked his phone.
Castiel’s heart leapt. Dean was coming over for dinner? So that wasn’t goodbye just now! It really was see you later.
“It’s okay to be confused. And, honey, it’s okay to still love your father. He’ll always be you father and you are entitled to your feelings towards him, no matter what they are. I’ll never think differently of you for them.”
Castiel smiled at that. “You’re too nice. I’m lucky to have you as a friend, Dean.”
Castiel supposed he’s never really put much actual thought into these sorts of things. He was always more focused on his grades because, well, he had a really amazing older brother with impossible footsteps to fill. Hannah was his first real relationship, and that had turned out to be a nightmare. Sure, he’d thought she was super pretty for forever, and he thought he wanted to date her. But he’d never imagined going any further than holding hands or kissing. And now, of course, he felt nauseous at the idea of even being in the same room as her.
“Never thought I’d run into you again... and now we’re going to the same high school.”
“I’ll see if anyone is available to tutor you, and I’ll have them reach out to you. If you don’t hear from me by the end of the week, feel free to stop by room 315 any Tuesday or Thursday after school. They do drop-in sessions.”
Before Dean could muster any sort of response, Charlie was over at his side trying to drag him out of his seat. “Come on, Dean-o. The love doctor is gonna be two for two today!”
He shook his head. “Hannah, you can’t be serious. I’m
sorry this update is late, work is so tiring and its left me very little time to write and I still wanna make sure my writing is like, good enough for you guys :(
“I’m glad you’re safe, Cas. That’s all that matters to me. Not some dumb, petty ‘I told you so’ nonsense.”
“Mind if I ask you boys what you’re up to when class is still in session for,” she pulls up her wrist to look at her watch. “Three minutes?”
games that are that violent?”
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t think I’m gonna go.”
“You haven’t gotten away with anything yet, hun. I know that you’re hurting him, and I’m going to protect him from scum like you. You don’t deserve to call someone like Castiel Novak your boyfriend. Or your anything, for that matter.”
He added Dean to his contacts because he’d forgotten to do so earlier. He put him under the name ‘Asshat.’ There was no way he’d forget who it was then.
Castiel laughed. “She’s a hell of a catch. You should go talk to her.” Though, deep down Castiel almost wished that he wouldn’t.
The boys didn’t stop hugging until Dean’s mother called his name again. Dean hopped on his bike and rode home, slower than he usually did. Once Dean was out of sight, Castiel picked up his own bike and rode home in the other direction, his eyes stinging from the tears that he was trying to not cry. He eventually arrived home and walked inside, sniffling quietly. His mother turned from the stove when she heard the front door open.
“Yeah, about as sweet as squirting lemon juice right into my
“Your eyes are so… pretty,” he whispered, almost as though Castiel weren’t meant to hear it. Castiel’s cheeks burned with a blush… was he embarrassed? He wasn’t sure if the butterfly feeling in his stomach was supposed to be there when he was feeling embarrassed. But before Castiel could say, or think, anything else, Dean captured his lips in a kiss. It wasn’t much, but it had Castiel’s heart threatening to beat out of his chest. He’d never… he’d never felt something like
How could he say something like that? To Dean, of all people? His longest friend, the one he’d thought he’d lost forever. The man who brings light and laughter into his days and sends jolts of electricity through him whenever their hands brush or they sit just a little closer to each other at lunch than usual. He shook his head violently and sat up, getting up to shower and get ready to do absolutely nothing for the last day of his weekend.
Charlie glared at him. “You have to have at least one more thing to say. Three things, Gabe! Three things!” she insisted. He sighed in response.
Castiel hesitated. “No. I… I wanted to for a really long time. But I don’t think I could ever hate you, Dean,” Castiel said, meeting his gaze. Those eyes could kill a man if they stared the right way. “I have to get going, I have to get to class.”
Dean hesitated for a few more seconds before he decided to stand up and kick his shoes off. He climbed onto the foot of Castiel’s bed and crossed his legs, resting the book gently on his lap.
“Well, I’ll tell you what Dean,” Castiel’s father started, beaming. “I haven’t seen Castiel so happy as he was when he found out you were back in town.”
When they arrived at Dean’s house, Castiel and his father bid him a goodnight before he hopped out of the car. He waved sheepishly at the two of them until they were out of sight before turning to walk to his house. He was greeted by a crash in the kitchen, followed by a frustrated groan from Sam.
much it hurts. We have to do something. We have to help him. We can’t let him stay with her, she’ll… he doesn’t need any more terrible people in his life than he’s already had. He doesn’t need to feel with her the way he always felt when he thought about me.”
Charlie smiled. “
Then she laughed. Dean reeled back against his own door. Had he done something wrong?
Castiel nodded and remained silent for a few seconds; the seconds felt like eons.
. So much regret… I think he is really capable of fixing this.”
Dean took a deep, shaky breath and shook his head. Suddenly his resolve came crashing down again, but he knew that he could lose his composure in front of his mother. He was safe at home now. “It was rough today, mom. Cas still won’t talk to me, and his girlfriend, like… hates me. She…” he hiccoughed as the tears started flowing, heavier now. “She cornered me today and started talking to me about how dad left, and I don’t even know how she
But he did.
“I’m Gabe. I’m bi. That’s all I’ve got.”
Charlie scooted closer, moving so her face was just inches away from Castiel’s, her eyes boring holes into his very being. “Just answer the question. Did you?”
His smile returned to his face as Dean returned to the table, a blushing Jo Harvelle giggling back at her table, a slip of paper in her hand. Presumably, Dean’s number had been furiously scribbled onto that piece of paper by Charlie as Dean stood by, fumbling his way through a proposal to the dance.
Charlie’s gaze immediately softened. “I was with him yesterday afternoon. And… it isn’t the first time she’s approached me. She’s not who you think she is, Charlie.”
“Holy fucking shit, Charlie…” he breathed again, pulling his hair almost hard enough to pull it off his own head.
“Well, yeah, but not with
Gabe rested his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Trust me, man, you’re going to be much better off if you just let this guy go. I know it’s going to be hard… but you have to do what’s going to make you happy.”
Gabe rested a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder. He hadn’t noticed it, but Dean had began to shake, tears welling in his eyes. “She’s threatened me, and she’s attacked me with all sorts of things about my dad and how I’m just like him, and…”
“Jo, I’m sorry. I… I really like you, okay? You’re so amazing, and I wanted us to work. I’m sorry.”
to be sorry for, okay?” Dean said, nudging Castiel with his shoulder. “Everything’s gonna get better now. I promise.”
Luckily, ever since the incident… Gabe had made a habit of responding almost instantaneously to any and all of Castiel’s texts.
that would indicate that he hadn’t meant those words. Anything to show him that it was just an act to appease Hannah.
Dean turned and met her piercing gaze. She simply smirked at him before turning around and walking away, flipping her hair behind her. Dean felt his blood boil.
After the last class period for the day was finally over, Dean bolted out of his seat and ran for Castiel’s locker. His heart thumped with relief when he saw the brunette exchanging books from his locker.
With that, the two of them left Jo’s house and headed for Dean’s car. He’d taken her to the car wash earlier that day to get her cleaned up for the occasion.
He chuckled at the furious blush that crossed Jo’s cheeks. They spent the rest of the lunch period talking excitedly about their favorite bands and musical instruments. Dean learned that Jo was a bit of a renaissance woman and she’d played almost every instrument under the sun at least once.
Castiel pushed Charlie away, crossing his arms furiously. “What the hell kind of question is that?”
“I’m sorry,” he said softly. Dean shook his head.
Castiel’s head whipped around, his eyes panicked. “No, Dean, it’s okay! It’s not her fault, I…”
On Castiel’s first day of middle school, he walked home alone, bruises on his back after being shoved into some lockers. His friends were in after school detention for standing up for Castiel. Well… for punching the guys who shoved him into the lockers. Castiel called Dean’s home phone. Dean’s father answered, and gave Castiel Dean’s cell phone number. Castiel called Dean’s cell phone. They talked for a few minutes; Dean told Castiel that he missed him. Castiel told Dean that he missed him too. Dean had to go do homework. He said talk to you later and then hung up.
Castiel and Dean sat together under their favorite tree. They looked in front of them, not saying anything for a long time.
He turned towards her and gave her a disapproving look. “You don’t have to lie to make me feel better, Jo. You deserve better than what I gave you.”
Jo gave him a sympathetic smile. “You know you can talk to me, Winchester. We don’t have to be the awkward boy and girl on a first date.”
Dean received no more texts from Gabe, so he assumed that’s how most of their text conversations were going to be going. He made it through the rest of his math homework and made his way to the bathroom to take a quick shower. When he came back, he had two new texts, both from Jo.
“I really hope you’re right, Charlie. I don’t know if I’ll be able to take seeing him in that hospital bed again.”
thing.”
Castiel and Charlie walked down the hall towards their first class of the day. Their attention was grabbed by some members of the student council pinning up posters advertising the winter formal coming up in a few weeks. Tickets were supposedly going on sale later this week.
“I’m currently fixated on the viola, though,” she rambled, twirling her hair in her fingers. “It’s such an underrated instrument, you know? It has such a pretty sound and if you play it well, you can make it really
“So, is this really the person you want to be in charge of making decisions for you? Someone as manipulative and abusive as Hannah Johnson?”
before.
Castiel woke up to rows of sunlight across his eyelids. His night had been sleepless, but he felt rested enough. He rolled over onto his back and laid there motionless, staring at the ceiling for what felt like an eternity.
so far. If he was lucky, English was the only class they had together. Other than that, they would never have to see each other. Castiel wouldn’t have to rip out all of the stitches from the wounds that were already taking goddamn forever to heal.
“I wish I didn’t, Cas,” Dean replied, turning his gaze further away. “But this promotion is really important to my dad, and to my family. But California isn’t too far away from here.”
“Cassie, when Hannah kissed you, did you ever want things to go… further than that?”
Eventually, Castiel’s mother came up and knocked softly on his door. She pushed it open a crack to see Gabe and Castiel laying on the bed, laughing together. She smiled softly; it had been a long time since she’d seen such a genuine smile on her son’s face.
They paid for their prom tickets,,, but they didn't know that the drama was included in the price.
and grown-up now. I know how you Winchesters play your
He came in and sat down. He felt Charlie smirk next to him.
Dean whipped around to see Hannah staring him down. Her eyes were cold and empty. She didn’t deserve Castiel. She deserved the absolute worst, and he was going to make sure that it came to her.
bed, even though he had told him he was going to be out late tonight, so they wouldn’t be able to play any video games together. Nevertheless, he opted to fall into the bed in the guest bedroom, so he wouldn’t wake him up. As soon as his head hit the pillow he was gone.
Jo shook her head and held out her own phone, with a text to her mother saying there was drama at the dance, she and Dean were fine, and she was going to be home late. “Already taken care of,” she said sweetly, smirking.
“Maybe he wanted to surprise him!” Charlie said defensively.
“Well, I um… I saw that you’re the head of the tutoring program, so, I was wondering if you could…help me?”
She simply shrugged. “Just a friendly suggestion, that’s all.”
“None of us know what she’s capable of, but I expect nothing but the worst from her,” Gabe confirmed.
“Woah, what the hell—”
Castiel had a free period after his English class, so he bolted across the school to the library. There was a little room behind the library that very few students knew about. Which meant that Castiel could hide out here until his next class and decrease his chances of running into Dean any more than he would have to today.
“Listen, Cas, I know sneaking off to make out with your girlfriend is fun and all, but I’m not gonna throw away your lunch tray for you every day.”
“So, Castiel, just one more time… please tell me how liking it when Dean kissed you doesn’t make you
Dean went into full panic mode.
“Mom, is everything okay?” he called.
As they continued walking towards their class, Castiel pulled out his phone.
Dean’s heart threatened to beat out of his chest. It had been so long since Castiel had even
Gabe and Dean both nodded.
“Wouldn’t tag you as the type to swing both ways, Winchester,” Gabe remarked, still smirking. At least he had one good thing going for him at this point.
“Dean!”
Dean released a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.
The rest of the evening was filled with laughter, and even some flour fights. Sammy got home just before dinner got off the stove and the three of them sat down to eat and talk about their days, as they always did. Sammy talked about all the cool videogames that he and his friend got to play today, and he begged their mother for the coolest one he had.
to me. And I don’t get it. How could he go eight fucking years without saying so much as a sentence, and now all of a sudden I’m the only person he’s interested in talking to?”
Gabe… had developed significant feelings for Castiel over the years. But Castiel was always so focused on Dean that he was perfectly oblivious to that fact. At the end of eighth grade, Gabe had come out to them as bisexual. But he didn’t mention that he had had a major crush on Castiel since at
“You don’t scare me, Hannah,” Dean said, unsure of where his sudden surge of confidence had come from. “I know you think you own this entire student body, but I’m not playing your games.”
Castiel’s heart started pounding.
Dean sat against the tree, absentmindedly picking at his nails. It was only 9:43, and they’d agreed to meet at 10. So it wasn’t like Castiel was late or anything.
Dean, don’t you think he would have said something to Castiel about him coming back?”
, he thought to himself. He rolled over and picked up his phone. He reread Dean’s text over and over again. He’d never seen him so vulnerable. Not even when they were kids and he was leaving for California. He’d been sad, but still not so vulnerable as he was now.
Despite all his pep talk, Dean couldn’t fight the lump of nervousness in his throat as they grew closer to that oh-so-familiar house down the street.
Charlie snorted, earning a punch in the arm from Gabe. Castiel hadn’t come out as anything yet, but… it was painstakingly obvious that the kid was not straight. After giving Charlie a raised brow, Castiel turned to Dean. “I guess it’s your turn.”
“Oh my God!” Hannah cried, sending a jolt through Gabe where he stood. She threw herself into Castiel’s arms, sobbing hysterically. “I can’t believe the two of you would make a fake recording of me and play it in front of the whole school! I’m so hurt… I thought you guys liked me!”
Dean winced away from Gabe’s words. He didn’t bother trying to hide the tears that so desperately wanted to fall. “Despite everything you and Charlie think about me, I care about him, Gabe. I care about him so
“Dean? Babe, come on. Let’s go…” Jo urged gently beside him, trying to pull him away from the scene.
Gabe regarded him with careful eyes. “You’re right. I don’t like you. I
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, I know. You’re right.”
He squinted at the notifications on the screen. There was a missed text from Charlie, and… a text had just come in from Castiel.
“I say fuck him. Forget him. Pretend he doesn’t exist. Do to him what he’s done to you, but better. Show him that you’re stronger, you’re better without him. You don’t need him. You never needed him.” Gabe said, voice like ice.
“Oh, nonsense!” Charlie exclaimed, beckoning him closer to the table. “Any friend of Cassie’s is a friend of ours, guaranteed!”
Dean smiled, and he suddenly realized how… pretty Jo’s eyes looked with the faded lights from inside dancing in her irises. He brought a hand up to her cheek and rubbed against her jawline.
(See the end of the chapter for
At first Dean felt anxious walking over to them with Hannah being in such close proximity. But… what the hell, it was their prom night, and it was safe for him to say that Charlie and Gabe were his friends too. He gave a small, determined nod and led Jo and himself across the dance floor.
Dean whispered a soft “I missed you more,” into the other’s shoulder.
Mrs. Novak gave him a knowing look. “You and Cassie are awful similar, aren’t you? Why don’t you give me Mary’s number and I’ll give her a call? I’d sure love to have all of you for dinner at some point.”
He slid the tape into the cassette player and the car was filled with guitar riffs and mind-blowing vocals from Axl Rose.
The morning was filled with laughter from all the Winchesters and their guest; it warmed Dean’s heart to see his family look so happy. Especially his mom. She’d been through the wringer, and she deserved all the happiness in the world.
“Why?”
Neither of them spoke another word until they got to the bakery. Castiel tried to lose himself in the bakery like he always did, but he couldn’t stop thinking about Dean. He’d looked so lost and broken… he looked like.
She shrugged. “Probably get it from my mom. She’s the same way.”
But I'm not giving up! I really want to make something good.
, he thought.
Castiel laughed. “As nice as that would be, if I’m gonna get enough money to run away from here and go to college, I need to go to work.”
Cas shrugged one shoulder. “Sure, if that’s what you want to do. Sam mentioned you worked at a restaurant.” The ‘before all this’ went unspoken. “You can be in charge of meals, some light gardening, and light housekeeping. We can split groceries three ways. Does that seem fair?”
It took them an hour to unbox and set up the coffee machine, which was possibly the most insane home coffee machine Dean had ever seen. It was a fucking Breville with all the bells and whistles. Apparently, Cas had gotten it from his brother at Christmas and not opened it, which was a damn shame. He liked his coffee black, but he could appreciate a beautiful piece of machinery.
Cas walks out and Dean feels the pained feeling from before rise in his chest until it tightens around his throat like a noose.
Thinking about
“Dean?” A gravelly voice came through the door a little muffled. That must be Castiel.
“Then I’ll wait.”
Then he called Sammy.
Two days and one night in a crappy hotel room later, Cas dropped his bags in the doorway to his untouched house. The firefighters had done an amazing job beating the fire back from their neighborhood.
Cas inhaled deeply before he asked slowly, "Would you play my husband?"
Dean picked him up and brought him back to his mother. “I’m proud of you, Kevin. You’re very brave.”
Slowly, slowly he catches his breath again.
“Yeah, He’s the voice of another one of the champions, Clarence Garrison,” Sam responded without looking up from his phone.
“Jack said you were shooting. Late night?” Dean asked as they got into the booth. They had two mics ready and Dean took his place at the one on the left.
Garrison's eyes blinked back to normal, sharp and cool, disinterested. He took a step back.
“No problem! I know shooting ran late last night.” Jack smiled sunnily and Cas grinned back. God, they were adorable.
