John doesn’t disappear after Gladstone, as Sherlock half-expects him to. He stands solid, out of frame, never allowing Sherlock from his sight. It would be normal to want time and distance after losing his companion of many years, a companion so influential on John’s life.
The Ford is just how Sherlock left it hardly two hours ago, rusted and broken as it’s ever been, but when it registers that John is coming with him, a cold shiver of shock runs through him. This is embarrassing. John could surely afford a very nice car, like Father Stamford’s if he wanted. The good thing about this situation is that John doesn’t have any interest in status cars.
Sherlock shakes his head immediately, running the pads of his fingers over the paper under the lamp.“No. This was left for you purposefully. He’ll have had ample time to construct a solid alibi for his whereabouts during the poisoning. If it was him. Anyone can steal the imprint for a seal.”
“The men from the Stockyard!” Molly exclaims, then bites down so sharply her teeth audibly clack together. She looks frustrated for a moment, then focuses back on Sherlock, who does not cower. “You know as well as I do, they’re always getting the first water horses.”
Can’t you see?” He's desperately pulling at Sherlock's front jacket, shaking him closer. “We’d be amazing together. Unbeatable. Can’t you
” John shoves his cloak aside and touches the scabbard by his hip. “This is the size it’s meant to be. In relation to
Sulking, Sherlock holds the sheet of paper closer to his face, decidedly not touching anything put in front of him, no matter how nice it smells. He is busy, and cold.
The mare’s neck flashes down, a blur of sharp white and yellow, and something shoves Sherlock from the boulder.
Sherlock can't recall a time he was so spooked. He tries cooing to the iron-red horse, but the wail outside rises in pitch and the ponies somewhere down in the stable work themselves up into a frenzy again, dragging Redbeard with them. He kicks out again. Sherlock’s terrified he's going to hurt himself, pull a muscle, chip a hoof against a broken nail or snap an ankle.
Before Sherlock can ruminate on that, or even turn back to the DI, Donovan calls out her oh-so-affectionate nickname for him. “Freak,” he hears Sally Donovan’s voice float down the hall. She’s peering into the tall doorway from the corridor, still trying to deal with irritated, pickpocketed, stupid tourists. “You’ve got a visitor.”
Although more sure of himself now that John has convinced him of Mrs Hudson’s affection for him, that she won’t turn him out, the threat of working in the mill, a boring, repetitive job that requires no thinking, is a threat worse than that of death.
There’s still talk, and Sherlock watches the blackboard, often stopping in the tavern on the nights he’s in Skarmouth after an exhilarating ride on Redbeard around the clifftops. There are the odds next to the names now, little chalk numbers that hold so much power over the islanders.
It seems any question asked after someone on Thisby ends with a cause of death. John doesn’t feel like touching Henry, but extends a simple, “I’m sorry,” his way. Henry keeps watching the auction faraway, still and quiet.
“Yeah. Tinsley is beautiful, she's kind, she's quite accomplished but, I don't know, Sherlock, it just wasn't there. Everything was incredibly stilted and uncomfortable and the conversation was, for lack of a better word, painful.” John laughed to himself and said, “Quite frankly it was one of the worst dates I've ever been on, and I'm relatively certain she felt the same.”
Mrs. Hudson, LeStrade, and Mycroft were keeping a close eye on his usage and watching Sherlock for any signs of abuse (John couldn’t imagine Sherlock on downers.  The man never slept.  He couldn’t stand to be still, to stop. Cocaine derivatives were more his speed).
Tinsley Chesterton was pleasant to look at with rather symmetrical features. She was blonde, so John would like that. She was witty and quick with a comeback. Had an impressive family tree (a negative in John's book BUT) she was incredibly modest, kind, and approachable (giving her positive characteristics for a mate). Loved a good, dark, small corner bistro, she could pick the venue – it would impress John. She worked in health care administration, giving them mutual interests. Their features were comparable. Was barely plump (Sherlock had noted long ago that John preferred women who were at the upper end of an acceptable BMI). She was a flirt and would probably initiate the date. She had used Sherlock on an extortion case before he had met John and had been forever grateful. She was very sentimental.
John smiled back, warmly and genuinely.  Yes, he missed pub nights with Greg, his friendly mate, his listening ear, likely his (second) best friend. “Happy to be here, mate.  How many pints do you have on me?”
“He won’t wait for you.  He isn’t capable of it.  He needs lust and sex – he needs to feel loved.”  She sneered again at the thought of that, as if it were something disgusting and beneath her. “And there is nothing that you want more than him.  Nothing at all.  Why do you think I put him at the bottom of that well?  It wasn’t to kill him, Sherlock.  I knew you’d find him.  You always save him, in your way.  I took him because I knew that if I had him you would come to his rescue, and to rescue him, you’d need to come to me.  You would do anything for him Sherlock, anything at all.”
He knew that he cared for John. The depth of feeling that he had for John Watson could not be quantified and words did not exist to define it. He considered John his, always had, even when he'd been married to Mary, even when everything went to shit and John wouldn't acknowledge his existence, even after the letter that had rended him to pieces and nearly destroyed him. John was still his and always would be his.
As the notes washed over him, jaunty and chipper, Sherlock knew without a doubt that Eurus was saying something to him about John.  He felt as if ice had been directly injected into his veins.  Eurus had never spoken so directly about John, and when she had, it had only been to get across the sadness that she felt at being replaced with him.  She believed that she could fill the spot in Sherlock’s world that John currently held.  She wanted it desperately.
From there she went on to graduate studies in genetics, still at Harvard. Graduated at twenty.  Then Bethesda, Maryland where she joined the National Human Genome Institute.
John Watson felt his heart speed up, resisted the urge to yet again wet his lips, and gave Dr. Heather Love his most lascivious, carnal smile.
“For two days every rider on the island has been complaining how horribly cut their beef hearts are for their
Weeks ago, she was distraught over the idea of Sherlock joining. Clearly, she has decided that he cannot be talked out of this one. The idea that Mrs Hudson knows him well enough to not try is comforting in a strange manner. She is as stubborn as him.
So, that was what made the sound. Clearly. Sherlock should’ve figured it out earlier. Strange, he thinks as his eyes roam the rest of the castle, searching for the knight, that it has been in the flat for weeks, but never made a noise like that so far. He hasn’t had a problem with it. A draft may have shifted the bridge, but as he checked before, no windows in the flat are open.
every year, and under the guise of buying island ponies and those half-breeds, he watches for the Beast that killed his father.” He pauses. “Don’t you see how he looks at Gladstone? Fear,
John budges up next to him, drawing his hand down the length of Sherlock’s arm, until his hand reaches Sherlock’s, his fingers lingering against his knuckles just long enough to capture all of Sherlock’s attention. Beneath his coat, Sherlock can feel the arms on his hair rise, entirely dissociated with the cold. He pushes out a sigh.
The room slows. The cracked ceiling and the curls of floral wallpaper fall away in Sherlock’s mind, giving space to a new, brilliant idea. The lights all fade and the house shivers, turning bright, and the officers disappear. The shag dissolves.
Sherlock awakens immediately, sitting bolt upright and crowding very near to John’s face. “John, yes,” he answers, all traces of fatigue gone.
John’s eyes track the journey to where the cliff overhangs below them, where the rest of the day’s casualties lie, and then, Sherlock notices, dart to the
Sherlock gets home and throws the slide from under his microscope against the opposite wall, hard. He half-expected things to fall off and for his room to echo his anger, but the slide is much too light. So encased in his anger, he picks up the chair from beneath his workspace, raises it over his shoulder, and then puts it gently back on the ground. There’s no point in destroying Mrs Hudson’s house.
The twist of guilt beneath Sherlock’s sternum digs hard into his ribs. He could get what he wanted, one small chance against the stacked odds, but John would be without Gladstone. “And you?”
They must reach what John came here for, Sherlock marvels as the slanting entrance of a covered section of the cove comes into view. Like a quarry cut from the island, insides all removed, there is a heavy overhang, with dark patches of cover inside, where the sun can’t reach. A system of caves.
Gladstone is no Epona— his body thin and long, meant to slip between the cracks in the sea floor like an eel. Epona is depicted on Thisby like a black and white gypsy vanner, all strong head, thick neck and hefty legs, dinner-plate hooves.
The mere mention of Sherlock’s name around Moriarty’s tongue has him bothered. He’s beginning to feel anger rise in his gut, the hot-heavy, black-hearted feelings that come with his occasional streaks of rage blinding him.
He swallows, appetite for real answers unmatched. Does this outcome approach anything that John can be satisfied with?
on the property have anything to do with it. One such bay mare comes up quietly behind where Lestrade leans on the fencing and spooks the inspector.
Smirking, Sherlock asks, “Do you give this treatment to all the other new riders? The beer, the appointments on the cliffs?”
if he's going to come out well in the conversation. “I’d, um,” He throws the stutter in there for good measure, “I’d like to work for you. For a short while. Just until the Scorpio Festival.”
John must be caught up. Sherlock speaks quickly, his footpace hastening, “In the photograph of the crime scene, the dead tourist with the lipstick--”
Sherlock dresses quickly. His riding clothes are at Mrs Hudson’s, at home. He pulls on yesterday’s tailored trousers and shoes without socks instead, still wet from his secret trip. He snags his coat off the back of John’s bathroom door, preparing to shrug it on.
Why is Mycroft trying so hard to make Sherlock think he’s on drugs? Is this some sort of game to him? Game of ‘see how stupid you are because you did cocaine’? ‘See what I can make you believe now that you were on coke that-one-time-for-two-years’?
Every year. Every year, as far back as time went, the horses had pulled themselves from the sea. And every year, the people of Thisby had gone after them.
“The-- the butcher’s! It’s the butcher’s, where the riders get their meat, it’s their- their son, he was seeing the--” Sherlock gestures to the body, a little further away than he was before, “The girl, she wanted to break it off, he killed her two days after she mentioned it to him.”
The courtyard’s empty, anyways, so there’s nothing there that could break-- “Wait,” Sherlock rumbles to himself, pushing the cigarette back against his lips and taking a drag.
Moriarty doesn’t look at them, only fiddles with the fingers of his gloves. “A terrible stablehand. I don’t think he’ll be very much missed. Family all at the mainland...
John smiles at him, content to be allowed into Sherlock’s thoughts. John’s hands fidget by his thigh for a moment, and then he reaches to take Sherlock’s.
“I won’t bother asking what it does,” John distracts him from his musings. “I know that you are too clever to be explaining it.” Little pads of pressure hit the dip of Sherlock’s clavicle. This position is nearly intimate.
When they walk up, a group of teenagers that had been knocking down paper lanterns make a break for the alleys, shouting in some old island dialect Sherlock doesn’t care about. John pushes past an old bike so they can cut through the empty cobblestone road.
The ride is quiet, and the evening sky is overcast, clouds hanging grey and withholding high above. The ocean must be a mess tonight; the wind won’t leave Sherlock’s hair or Redbeard’s mane alone. It’s a live, starving thing, making shutters flap and slap against house walls, and throwing leaves and twigs across the road.
“I’m just saying,” John grins, “I’d like credit where credit is due.” He hands the letter back to Sherlock. Sherlock tucks the message back inside the envelope, and folds it into his pocket. The note hadn’t mentioned a time, but it should be before midnight, at latest. His nerves are crawling over him from his feet to his ears, a mix of uneasy worry, thrill, suspicion, and temptation. That one’s the newest.
Moriarty continues, low snake-voice, “What's the matter? What has gotten into your funny little brain?”
John Watson stands on the rock, shoulders rolled back proudly, his hand cupped by Adler’s smaller ones. Sherlock feels a spark of something, watching the three hands together. It’s a familiar thing, that touch. It must be because John Watson has ridden at least five times before this year. Maybe more, but maybe he didn’t win before the start of those five years ago. Sherlock isn’t sure if Adler has always been the mare goddess or not. He doesn’t come to the Scorpio festival.
It's… unnerving. The person holds themselves strangely, and their tail looks more realistic than it had before. Their feet are bare, but they are dirty, sand and grit caked beneath their nails and between their toes. Bells seem to spring directly from the skin around her ankles, shivering with tremors that are minutely working their way through the goddess' frame. Sherlock can feel heavy intent on the air, like electricity crackling in his flesh.
The man’s chestnut snaps at Hydria, and the sound of those teeth snapping together make Redbeard flinch while the water horses move back several feet, displaying themselves to each other and to Redbeard. Sherlock tries to hide the fact that he can't keep Redbeard still by rocking him into motion, pacing him back and forth, dangerously close to the cliff edges. Both of the predators are affected by the wind, clearly not used to being assaulted with all these scents while they have riders on their backs. The chestnut clacks its teeth near Hydria's ear, who retaliated by stomping her foreleg down hard, and making a hissing sound high in her throat.
Sherlock thinks that might be the end of it, watches as John holds his ground; something different, typically if John is going to reject Sherlock he will storm out, head to a pub or a museum, anywhere Sherlock isn’t. The barrier remains but so does John, Sherlock is content to wait this out.
“Nowhere to go. But I’m not in a hurry to try the big sleep either.” John shuffles out, resisting the urge to lean on the bars of the cell. He pulls down the edge of his collar, showing off the metal band around his neck. “Didn’t figure I would get too far.”
“Ah, that’s good. I’ll bring you some tea, and your supplements.” She slides the gate open on his cell and gestures at the rack behind her. “He wants you to pick something to wear, says he’s taking you to the Yard.”
“You’d rather it was me… what?” John shifts slightly and Sherlock’s stomach rolls, nausea rising up unbidden.
There’s a ripple that comes from John Watson, usually when Sherlock has done something noteworthy. A stone dropped into the centre of a still pool of water, swallowed immediately and without comment, the ripples never rebounding back on themselves, followed by deeper stillness. There is
The Dominus licks John’s shoulder. “So… powerful.” The Dominus lets go of the blindfold, digs his fingers into John’s hip and slams deep into his arse. Pulls John back towards him and nuzzles into John’s ear. “So powerful, and
It's more difficult than he imagined and he has to breathe in deeply through his nose. He presses his eyes shut tight and draws in air, trying not to sob around his fingers.
He falls asleep with the mass of his tentacles blanketing him, the weight of them nearly tricking his brain into believing that Sherlock is wrapped around him.
He rolls his shoulders and pushes himself up into a proper kneeling position. Waiting is easy, the army taught him that, and waiting for something that might end him is even easier, because it is more like anticipation. His adrenaline spikes and he’s calmer than before, ready for what comes next.
until the Dominus is finished with him; maybe he will age out, get so old and wrinkly that the Dominus won’t be interested in him anymore, maybe he will stroke out from the pleasure… but he is going to survive this… at least until it kills him.
The Dominus’ cock hardens in John’s arse, the pressure on John’s prostate increases, sending spikes of pleasure through him.
.” The Dominus’ voice is calm and cold, his fingers tighten on John’s hip and thigh as John tries futilely to pull away.
John settles into the booth, watching Sherlock over the rim of his glass. “You were brilliant today.”
” He groans and his head falls back against the Dominus’ shoulder as he’s bitten again, sharp teeth and warm tongue working at his scar. “
John chokes and gasps as the second wave of pleasure from the Dominus’ orgasm hits him, body convulsing and mind going blissfully blank.
John slides home the bolts in his door - all four of them - that despite their weight do nothing to keep Sherlock out of the room unless John is in it. He thinks they would only give him warning, a chance to gather the glamour around him before Sherlock burst into the room.
She walks in sometime later, carrying a bowl of vegetable soup with distressingly bright green broth.
John stands and picks up the pill, fingers barely touching the warmth of her hand. “I remember something about leafy greens.”
“Please, Si-Dominus… please I need to come, gods please let me come.” John shivers as the Dominus presses his mouth against John’s left shoulder, lips teasing at the edge of John’s scar. The Dominus wraps his arms around, one low around John’s torso, the other snaking under John’s left arm and cupping his throat. John’s body rocks with the shallower push of the Dominus into him, the new angle dragging over his prostate. “
John rolls his head away, stretching out his neck and trying for an angle where he can push back into Murray’s thrusts.
She shrugs again and her gaze flicks towards the blank wall. “I’ll get your breakfast, dear. Choose whatever you want.”
John swings his feet over the side of the cot, staring at his clean skin and the spotless floor until the housekeeper/prison guard brings him his breakfast.
The Dominus ghosts his fingers over John’s jaw. “Luckily, you aren’t here for your musical abilities.” He turns back to the desk, opening a small box and pulling out a length of blindfold. Thick and deep black, wide enough that John won’t be able to peek out around the edges. He pauses before he lowers it over John’s eyes, nearly enough time for John to decide that he can handle this, that he doesn’t need to safeword.
John nearly misses the feeling of the Dominus sinking his teeth into John’s shoulder; the bite feels more like pressure on the scar than anything sharp or tearing, really only feels the Dominus sucking on his skin.
He tries to remember if he’d heard the name before, if there’d been a moment when they were introduced. Dominus, just Dominus. John hoards the information away, burying it deep under porridge and tea as he eats his breakfast.
The hallway is quiet and the floor is hard under his knees, making him more conscious of the fact that under his robe he is naked… well, he’s wearing a collar and cuffs around his ankles and wrists, but nothing that could really qualify as clothing… as such.
me those cigarettes and told me to keep them from you. You know where they are if you want them.” He shakes the paper out and returns to waiting for Sherlock to drop the other shoe.
He’d never bothered much with choosing sides, given his limited involvement in everyday politics. It became more important as time went on, and people… well people got worse, or possibly better at being evil all on their own. John reset three times during the Second Great War, taking special pleasure in killing Nazis. “
Think about him naked. Think about him naked on the floor of your bedroom. No, not like that… Kneeling, hands behind his back… ridiculous pink plastic handcuffs around his wrists. The kind they give as gifts at hen nights to make boring vanilla women giggle behind their hands. The kind John could break like a twig if he tried. All he'd need to do is twist and they would snap apart in an instant, fall away and he'd be free.
The Dominus stands still, clear grey eyes watching, looking deeper into John than anyone’s ever bothered. “You were a doctor, and a soldier. You’ve been in danger, held the lives of others in your hands.”
The top part of the vest peels away as it loosens, first one then three of his tentacles slipping loose and sliding up the back of his neck and into his hairline. He shivers and pulls at the lacing in the last two loops. His tentacles push against the vest and it falls to the floor with a damp sound and the cool air of the room slams into him. He’s soaked, sweat and tentacle-slick trails down his back and over his hips, cool trickles over his super-heated skin. He pushes aside the thought that it has been so long that he’s not even trying to seek out another person, his body is automatically seeking to pleasure itself… and maybe that’s because he knows there’s no one else in the room… but it could also be that the animal part of his lust has forgotten… “
Mrs. Hudson nods at the treadmill when they enter the room. “45 minutes at whatever pace you like, dear.”
As always Consulting_Smartass is my most amazing beta and support. I'm honestly not sure I would still be writing if not for you my dear.
The Dominus’ free hand comes up and pulls John’s head to the side, fingernails digging into John’s scalp as his the Dominus curls his fingers in the ties of the blindfold. John can feel his breath and the warmth of his skin as the Dominus brings his mouth close to John’s neck.
John swallows hard around a bite of toast, taking another long sip of his coffee before he answers. “That I’m anemic. That I’d be punished for not treating the things he gave me properly. That I’m his.”
.” Sherlock leans forward in his chair, letting his eyes roam over John’s body, looking for the clues he’s missed. “Tell me.”
He very nearly gets away with it too, months pass, cases and chases and blog posts that don’t always get actually posted. Cups of tea and take-away meals and shifts at the surgery. Everything is as normal as life with Sherlock Holmes can possibly be.
The quiet noise of opening buttons and zippers sounds loud in the dark behind his eyes. “Open.” The fingers on John’s chin pull his head up, and John lets his mouth fall open.
raw… see how...” The rest dissolves as Murray fucks into John, short sharp thrusts that only end when Murray bottoms out.
guess on the size of his shirts. Although he’s noticed a trend, when asked for descriptors of John, most people seem to assume he is slightly out of shape, short and dumpy. Only proving that everyone is an idiot. John is lean, trim and more muscular than Sherlock.
John considers panicking again, but the truth of how he feels overwhelms him. “Like someone put me in cryo and then beat me with a rolling pin to see if I’d bruise.” John finishes stretching out, and tries to prop himself up on his elbows to look for the source of the voice. He expects someone at the door to his cell, but is vaguely distraught to find the man sitting on one of the other cots. “Are you the fresh meat?” John winces and gives up holding himself up, falling back onto the cot.
John rocks back, the Dominus isn’t close enough to touch him, but John can feel the potential violence from across the room. “I’m sorry… Mrs. Hudson, she said I could use the screens. It’s on the news.”
John slides past the door of the cage, almost expecting her to slam it closed before he can fully escape. “Sounds fun.”
“We’ll do whatever you want, Sherlock. But if Mrs. H. is baking?” John raises an eyebrow, tilts his head to the left a bit and winks. “You could ask her to do a banoffee?”
He tsks, reminding himself not to underestimate Sherlock and gathers the glamour tighter around him, pushing slightly at the edges of Sherlock’s awareness as he leans forward to remove the blindfold and place a chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
And then I turned into a chicken who didn't actually want to write the next scene which should have been confronting the cabbie. So I skipped right to the part where Greg shows up and explains what the hell is going on.
“Obvious from the size of the room and the placement of the windows.” Sherlock stammers a bit and the red in his cheeks deepens.
Relief washes through Sherlock again, sourceless and nearly shattering in its intensity. “I’ve no idea.”
John whispers the last part; hating himself, the Dominus and the bloody fucking war that had brought him here, but he knows his body well enough, knows what he needs for this to work.
“There wasn’t anything before you. I’d have done it and died twitching… before you there was nothing to stop me. He’d have killed me at the pool… maybe Mrs. Hudson too… or Lestrade.”
Sherlock is not nice, and this chapter is meant to explain why Sherlock is not nice but not to excuse it. John is still here fundamentally against his will.
All of this and Sherlock is blushing again, stammering about Mrs. Hudson baking and Molly and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson invited Mycroft, but he won’t show his face, but if John thinks it is ridiculous then they can cancel… nothing has been decided yet… all merely Mrs. Hudson’s meddling.
“Unlikely, if the killer is working alone his partner would have noticed and reported him. If they are working together…” An extravagant flourish of his wrist, he brushes the idea away.
John is currently pretending to read the newspaper. Sherlock can feel the tension, the expectation, that comes when John is waiting for Sherlock to say something, the desperate hope that Sherlock will give him a pass, just this once.
John doesn’t need to do anything. Murray holds him still, and when John manages to open his eyes and look up, Murray is watching him through half lidded eyes. John hums his… contentment... and closes his eyes again.
I am the actual worst. This chapter is only 3 years overdue. This story hasn't ever really left me. There was so much I wanted to do with it. But ugh. Sherlock.
His body reacts to the intensity of the stimulation and he orgasms, arse clenching around the Dominus’ cock, heart pounding, throat constricting, pathetic gurgling noises the only sound he is capable of making.
“That’s it, quiet.” Murray’s other hand works at his belt and fly, pushing them down far enough to expose his cock.
But then it isn’t always the bedrooms of the mind palace. John coming in from a night at the pubs, crawling into Sherlock’s bed, cold fingers and warm mouth of course, crime scenes, rooftops, broom cupboards at the Yard, at Bart’s, tucked under his bench in the lab at Baskerville… the single beds in the Cross Keys… anywhere they have ever been together and some places they haven’t… Sherlock’s dorm room at school, keeping quiet so Seb won’t hear.
“You knew! You knew before they started all this? Why didn’t you stop them?” John is glad the coffee mug is unbreakable, or it might have shattered in his grip. He can’t bring himself to throw it at Greg’s head though.
Sherlock tries, studies the way John’s sock has bunched around his ankle, the fine hairs on his leg showing beneath the hem of his trousers, tries to hold onto something of John so that he will know after and be able to find John again, restore his memory and make John see the truth.
“Murray.” John’s blood sings, but he manages to tamp down his arousal, holding the doss bag in front of him to cover the more obvious signs.
John doesn’t know what to say so just takes the cup from Greg, holding the warmth of it in both his hands. He still feels like he’s numb, possibly stuffed full of cotton swabbing.
The Dominus pauses again, knuckles pressed against John’s perineum. John’s body has almost accepted the pressure when he begins scissoring his fingers, stretching John further still. John presses his eyes closed and pushes back onto the fingers, breathing through his nose and biting his lip to stay quiet.
“John. Please don’t. John. Don’t go.” Crashing certainty, pure knowing. John means not only to erase their last conversation but his entire existence from Sherlock’s memory. The fear, not that John has been telling the truth, but that John will be gone, and Sherlock will not even know he existed. He feels connections severed, his body being wrested from his control one vertebrae at a time. Sherlock lashes out, lurches from his chair and flops, graceless as a landed sea creature. Lands mercifully on John’s lap, crushing the paper between them before he slides to the floor, curling helpless around John’s feet. “Please, don’t... I need you... John.”
John's cock is painfully hard and it’s a relief to wrap his spit-soaked fingers around it. He slides his hand down and cups his balls, tugging them up because all he wants to do is come.
Everyone knows John Watson is… well, orally fixated. It would take someone even more dense than Anderson to miss the way John licks his lips, the fact that John doesn’t make eye contact so much as stare at the lips of the person he is talking to.
“So he eats off his brother’s plate?” John feels his stomach roll and hopes he’s not about to throw up the couple bites of toast he’s managed to swallow. “And takes his pills. I thought I was here to keep him from…”
“I... I thought you weren’t interested... so I didn’t bother filling in the glamour.” The edge of the paper trembles. “I can make you forget about it... if you’d rather not know.” He closes the paper, levels his best,
“I thought people would come after them, the whole pitchforks and torches mob. You haven’t met Mycroft. I couldn’t let that happen to him, I tried to stop them from going public. Turns out I was right, but that’s…” Greg rolls his shoulders back, visibly letting go of an argument he’s had more than once. “They think they are smarter than us because they live so much longer than us. It just makes them blind.”
John daydreams, watching Murray’s hands move on the other side of the fire. Murray always talks with his hands but it gets worse, or maybe better from John’s perspective, when one of their unit finds a stashed bottle of whiskey in a locked bottom desk drawer.
The Dominus’ fingers open John’s shirt, patiently working at the buttons. “Nearly, very soon, I will be able to trust you completely; you will obey my every command without thought to even your own safety. Then I will need to…” He pulls the collar of the shirt away from John’s skin, turns John in his grip and nuzzles against the abused flesh of John’s shoulder. “I wish I could keep you like this, just a little longer.” He sinks his teeth into John’s shoulder, digs his teeth deep into the flesh, making John gasp. “You taste amazing when you’re dangerous.”
“Two. There’s been a second murder.” Sherlock pulls up the shoulder of his dressing gown, righting it where it has fallen, but doesn’t tie the sash. He wants to give off an air of nonchalance, like he wasn’t a second from disaster all morning. Which he
” She repeats, as though she is in charge of whatever he does. She wipes her hands on her apron, stepping bravely out into the street. “It's dark out— it’s
Heat flows from Moriarty’s breath on his face, saliva and rainwater dripping onto Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut, twisting his head away. “Should we go down together? It
Hope turns away from the monster, the horse that is no horse, and jibes once more at John, unable to resist another smart comment to make John look foolish in front of the crowd. Anger rumbles low in Sherlock’s belly.
He pictures the smirking notary now, in front of the slotted wooden cubbies behind the desks and up along the walls, each labeled with a carved address of one side of the island.
“Yeah, personal reasons including that you’re gorgeous.” John says this casually, like it’s nothing. Sherlock still feels the heat high up in his face, and sighs, like it’s an enormous burden to listen to John speak.
When John Watson turns, and their eyes meet for a split second, Sherlock can see the lines in his face, carved out during a life by the ocean cliffs and the struggling Thisby grass and the Scorpio winds.
. John wants to help, always. Sherlock adores that sense in him, the fierce loyalty, the unwavering figure at his side.
His feet skid over wet pavement, but he catches his balance, crushing paper cups and bakery or deli packaging as he pursues the shadow of the man down a back alley. If he knew where this damn man was headed, he could cut him off!
Redbeard rocks and shifts under him as Watson rides near on his lightning fast water horse, sitting up straighter in the saddle and finally slowing the horse.
“Exactly,” Sherlock hums. How he wishes these papers were dry, then he could read through what Lestrade and Anderson have written instead of making assumptions as to what level of poison was running through his blood, or what else could’ve been ingested that morning besides the tarts. No, even better would’ve been keeping the body for more than a day or two so that he could’ve performed the autopsy himself.
Sherlock pads his way into the kitchen in the late afternoon the following day. Well, it's the same day, but since he's slept for several hours (longer than usual), he deems it a different day. The table’s Bunsen burner is swiftly turned on, and he puts a vial full of blood over it in the metal clasps for no reason other than to watch it bubble as he sets the kettle on. Should Lestrade burst in, as he’s prone to, he’ll call it an experiment.
Sherlock adjusts his stirrup from Redbeard’s back, one leg crossed over the saddle as he does. He's too lazy to get down. Sherlock would never do it on any horse but Redbeard. Fitting his boot back into place and sitting up, Sherlock rolls his shoulders to fix any crick in his back, then leans forward to check the security of Redbeard's halter, and sits back in the saddle. It's old, handed down from his father, with the Holmes family crest carved on the underside of the leather - a lion and a unicorn.
“The riders aren’t allowed anywhere near these,” John touches the clear glass, “How could Moriarty get his hands on one?”
Gladstone’s gaunt face swings to watch John’s retreated form, and his mouth creaks open, letting out a long, keening cry. His throat quivers with the sound.
Now that Gladstone is still - shivering, but still - there are more men on the cliff sides next to Moriarty. Sherlock sees him wave a hand, and the barn workers descend the steep, sandy dune down to the cove where all this action had taken place. Sherlock sees one man carrying a stretcher, headed towards them.
“Oh, god,” John laughs, “You must be freezing. Seriously, jumping into the quay, near November? Anything could’ve gotten you, hypothermia included. You’re mad. Absolutely, stark-raving mad.”
“And you?” The words tumble from Sherlock’s lips before his head can stop them. Unable to draw them back or sink into the earth, he watches John for a reaction.
The horses grow restless. They call and lust for the sea. They rub off the hair of their manes on stall doors in their madness for the November waters. Hooper’s is running out of cinnamon twists and cakes and loaves of sweet bread. The sound of bells is ceaseless.
They are hardly out the front door and down the walk before John turns to him, an itching smile beginning to pull at his lips.
She holds out a paper bag for the two of them, her cheeks tinged pink and her hair pulled back tighter than before. John hands her a few coins, smiling apologetically. She plunks them into the register.
Lestrade shoots a look to Donovan. He does something complex with his face and Donovan returns it with a jerk of her head towards Sherlock. Sherlock frowns. What are they saying? It’s difficult to tell when these officers all know each other better than any of them know Sherlock. It’s like a language Sherlock cannot figure out how to interpret, and that makes it infuriating.
“That’s, that's not what I mean! You can get yourself hurt, you can be drowned or have your arm torn off-- Why are you like this? Why are you doing this?”
The wind that stirs the memory blasts him with cold October air and steals it away again. He pushes through the crowds. Tonight he would proclaim Redbeard as the horse he was true and really riding. The noise and the press of drunk tourists, loud with drink and excitement, and stone-faced locals shoving through the masses are far too much.
“Yeah, or at least I would,” John stresses, and tugs himself free, although his body stays very close to Sherlock’s, as if angled towards him in a way Sherlock hadn’t tugged him to be, “if I can get to my pockets!” He rummages through his pocket while Sherlock stares. “I wrote them down.” He removes a small packet of paper from his jacket.
Sherlock fumbles for an answer with John’s warm grin stretched so near to his face. “You brought this up entirely just to say that.”
Why does the house have to be so far back from the gate? A high whinny sluices through the dark, soothing over Sherlock’s ears. Redbeard is awake, too, and must’ve heard the Ford pull up down below.
Sherlock takes the reins, and is nearly blown away by the power he can feel, bridled inside of them.
“Move out of my way,” John demands, and the mainland photographers part for him, bleary-eyed and windswept. No doubt they will attempt to get more photographs of John, Thisby’s champion, bound to make a sixth sweep.
Sherlock can see the entirety of the stallion. With sloping shoulders and a powerful set of legs, a long, streamlined neck, and that rider, it’s no wonder this beast is a five time champion of the Races. Watson’s legs are bent, clothed in dark trousers cinched at the ankles. His boots (scuffed with slight parallel lines - caused by someone who scraped around the edges of the sole in order to remove crusted mud, but was distracted) are in the stirrups. Sherlock cannot see a charm on the whole damn saddle array or bridle.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock instructs, dazzled by John’s insight, “do some research on what whaling could be going on by the coves and the southeast end of the Island, there’s bound to be something illegal going on there. John,” here, another pause, because he’s still absolutely floored by what John has done. He almost worried he’d have to revisit some of his old allies on the island, those in the community the victim was seemingly a part of, and ask what might’ve been going on. “Absolutely brilliant.”
Sherlock looks but can ultimately see nothing that would connect this man to the girl in the yellow dress. Not likely that the two were connected, then, even if the butcher's son would commission someone outside of prison to kill the man for him.
Greg walked up to him with a warm smile. “Eh! There he is!  I wasn’t sure you’d make it; I’m happy that you did.”
It was John reaching for Rosie that brought him out of it. He didn't want to hand her over. Because Rosie Watson was his, too.
“So why all of this, then.  The yearning and the lecture that I must secure John?  If you were so intent on breaking me, on using him, why the lecture that I must move?  Why do you even care?” He said the words with a poorly controlled rage, spitting as he spoke.
Heather gave him a sly smile.  “Well, Doctor Watson,” she said, leaning into his ear so that he could feel her breath ghost his neck, “I do believe that you are about to be introduced to another of the many benefits of our favorite herb.  That is, if you’re amenable.”
.” This one is a whisper, barely a breath in John’s ear. Murray twists John’s arm higher and pushes him flat against the door, John’s shoulder and elbow protesting. Murray’s weight surrounds John, and everything goes still.
John groans, high pitched and needy as the Dominus pulls on his wrists, forcing John to arch his back and push the Dominus’ cock deeper into John’s arse. “
There’s something comforting about not being able to see. If he can’t see what is coming next he doesn’t have to worry about what is happening to him. His head dips between his shoulders, dropping to the left. His cock, on the other hand, begins to take interest, because even after only one night, he knows what kneeling in front of the Dominus means.
“Did you just solve four murders?” John watches the Dominus drop the com unit back onto his desk. His heart is pounding, and he has to consciously relax his left hand.
She smiles a bit and hands him a solid mug, plain and sturdy. “Don’t get any ideas, they are all unbreakable.”
I feel like I should warn that future chapters of this, which are not yet written- and thank you for staying with me so far- contain multiships and partner swapping. I'll warn for it when we get there... but... it is definitely happening... probably sooner than later.
John feels the blush that starts in his hairline and cascades over his shoulders. “I don’t mind… I was in the army, it isn’t my first time…” John ducks his head. “I’m sorry, Dominus.”
John circles around London for another day after he decides to go back to Baker street, giving himself a chance to change his mind, to stumble onto some other course of action. Nothing happens, no mysterious black cars, no old friends popping out of the woodwork.
John makes a low, broken sound in his throat and pushes back against Murray’s thrusts. He’s got no hope of actually dislodging Murray, the other man is bigger and heavier, but he does manage to work his arm down to his side, flexing his wrist.
“I’ve got a sewing kit in my bag. If I fix your trousers can I fuck you again in the morning?” Murray grins as John turns to look at him, just a bright flash of teeth against the darkness of the room.
There’s a long moment of silence. John doesn’t turn to try to look at the Dominus, knows better just on basic principle than to speak until spoken to.
He circles around behind John and there is a pause, a consideration before he bends John’s elbows. When the cuffs on his wrists meet he feels the maglocks engage. Technically his shoulder is still wounded, and the position pulls damaged muscle tight. It’s close enough to one of the physio exercises the doctors gave him that he doesn’t complain.
“Here you go, dear.” She passes a bowl and spoon through the bars of his cage. Granola, yogurt and fresh fruit. “What do you like in your tea?”
He almost missed the snap of a latex glove, but not the sound of a lube bottle being opened, and definitely not the cold sensation of lube spilling between his arse cheeks and down over his hole. The Dominus circles his fingers once over John’s hole and then pushes in, two fingers robbing John of the ability to breathe for an instant. The Dominus waits just long enough for the discomfort to fade and then pulls out, pushing in again with three fingers. John’s back tenses and his head snaps up, an involuntary whimper in his throat.
“That’s it, baby. Come for me, come because I’m fucking you.” Murray’s voice is low and deep and John thinks… maybe… maybe he could get off just listening to Murray talk about fucking John six ways from Sunday.
She’d fooled him this last time. Sworn she’d turned over a new leaf, before he’d left for Afghanistan. John's never really forgiven himself, he’d come home to find Clara… well she’d been barely alive, kept in a sort of mindless drudgery that wouldn’t really be noticeable if you didn’t know what to look for, the side effects of too many glamours to erase the signs of torture and abuse.
, fucking tease, here’s your damn trousers.” Murray tosses them on the floor beside John and starts shucking out of his own clothes.
good soldier.” The Dominus’ hand strokes over the top of John’s head, and John groans, the image replaced by one of the Dominus with his head thrown back, biting his lip to stay quiet as he pushes into John.
Murray pulls out, rubbing the head of his cock over John’s hole. “Yeah, alright.” Murray steps back and John hears the sound of his clothing being put to rights.
There’s no room between John and the door, the edges of the panels dig into his face and he nearly can’t breathe from the pressure on his chest. “I will… whatever… whatever you want.” The words are pushed out of him with the motion of Murray’s body against his.
having for some clue that they are really, truly having it this time. He feels full to bursting; the wine, the food and his own post-case high making everything warm and perfect.
John’s skin feels tight, the clothes he’s wearing constricting around him. “Is that why you are here?”
I know you don’t mean to… even now you want to please me. I can taste how badly you want to please me, little soldier.”
John shudders at the idea of Mrs. Hudson in his room, scrubs his hands across his face. And that is a mistake because his skin reeks of Sherlock, faint traces of sweat and come lingering in the spaces between John’s fingers.
When he comes it is to the memory of Sherlock fucking his mouth, the incoherent sounds of pleasure, the triumphant feeling of having brought Sherlock to this place, to finally having him. He collapses face-first onto his bed, onto sheets and pillows damp with his drool, sweat and slick. He curls so he’s not directly in the wet spot, tentacles still shivering and rippling as the last waves of orgasm travel the length of his nerve endings.
“Yes, dear. But it isn’t as though you’d be the first to change your mind.” She shifts her eyes and looks down the line of cages, three in all, that make up the rest of the room.
John sighs, holds his breath on the exhale and basks in the warmth of Murray’s body pressing him into the floor. He’s so deeply satisfied that he’s unsure of where his body ends, as if the chemical bonds holding him together have loosened into a sort of oneness with the universe… or at least with Murray’s cock and the filthy floor under them.
John isn’t at Harry’s. He’s lost track of her, which it isn’t unusual. They spend decades apart sometimes, finding each other periodically… checking in to make sure the other is still breathing. They are fairly certain that their father had no other children, there’s no way to know for sure. Father never was forth-coming. She turns up when she needs help evading authorities, and he swears it is the last time… every time.
John doesn’t have a chance to reply before the head of Murray’s cock is pressed against his lips and he’s opening his mouth and curling his lips around his teeth, savouring the taste of Murray’s skin as it slides over his tongue.
“I told you, the synths won’t kill them. Eventually they get mean enough that… sometimes the families will put... The familiars, usually a family will have enough familiars that they won’t need synths. And it makes it easier on the familiars.” He waves at John. “If one of them skips a feeding, we don’t end up feeling like you do now. They all produce a slightly different… they all feel different, and it stops the withdrawl from being so bad. No that’s backwards. It's like building up a tolerance. The addiction means you crave them more and more but eventually it evens out and starts to go downhill. There’s only so much their getting from you and… but then when you go back it starts again.” His eyes have gone a bit glazed. “It isn’t like drugs. You don’t get addicted to both.”
“Did you even try?” Greg pushes himself up, bare feet making a quiet sound on the floor as he moves over to his cell door and pushes the bars open. It swings out without even a whisper and John has to close his jaw with a snap.
“He said something about his sister… he’s been gone for hours. How long have you been on the floor?”
Murray kneels up and pulls John towards him, shifting John’s arse up and into his lap. “Tight little hole, needs to be fucked hard.” Murray pushes John’s knees in toward his chest and leans over, bracing himself against the wall.
Mrs. Hudson comes up later with tea and a rather obvious flush of victory. She smiles at John and pats his shoulder.
“Hmm... Yes. Hasty on my part, as I said. I’m willing to reopen the conversation and admit my mistake if you like.”
“C’mon, let’s go put the kettle on. I might need coffee for this.” He moves to stand in front of John’s cell door. Waits for him to unfurl himself out of bed. “If we are
But then she’s gone, and Sherlock has to put John back together again. As much as he… he wants to make things better for John, but it is hard to mourn a woman that murdered you in cold blood. Sherlock almost thinks that he should be grateful to her, giving him a chance to bleed out in John’s arms, giving John a chance to try to save him. She could have just shot him in the head, ended it instantly. And Sherlock doesn’t want to think about what that would have done to John. Both of them selfish in the end…
When Sherlock opens his eyes John is back in his chair, never having moved except in Sherlock’s mind. The pattern of light in the room has changed, and John must have gotten up to make himself tea… No, Mrs. Hudson has been and gone, there’s tea beside Sherlock as well, cool but not cold.
John fists his cock and lets the force of Murray fucking him push his cock into his hand. He comes with a low garbled cry, any words he tries to form blocked by the pressure of Murray’s fingers against his tongue. Murray doesn’t stop fucking him, pushes John through his orgasm and past the point of sensitivity until John is sucking desperately on Murray’s fingers to keep from crying out.
John takes the bundle from her carefully, and drops it onto his cot to sort through. Pants, loose jogging trousers, and a towel, no shirt. He pulls the pants and trousers on under his robe, swings the towel over his shoulder and turns to see Mrs. Hudson standing with the door to his cage open.
Greg watches him take a bite of toast, then raises his mug to his lips and sips. “I forgot the whiskey.” He groans.
He’s dressed, looking, he thinks, like the middle-aged GP he thought he was going to be before the war. Mrs. Hudson comes back in carrying some oatmeal topped with fresh fruit and a cup of tea on a tray.
His tentacles writhe under the constriction of his leather vest, though he can control them, can direct their movements, can even force them into stillness he wanted something substantial between his temptation and Sherlock. Years ago he’d have been able to make the vest himself; it would have been much cruder but would have accomplished the same end as the one he had found at a bondage store. Despite his control downstairs, the laces of the vest have been pulled tight under the strain of his tentacles trying to free themselves, and he has to move to stand in front of the mirror to loosen them.
John screams, ragged and cut off when the Dominus grabs his hips and slams back into him, fucking him harder and faster than before.
“Stay with me, little soldier. Here’s your reward.” The Dominus groans, and pulls himself tight into John’s arse.
“Not more than necessary, no. I’m no fledgling.” The Dominus moves around John, closer than necessary but not touching him yet. “Take that off.”
“There’s been a fourth. They are keeping it out of the media for now. She was kidnapped, taken in broad daylight.” The Dominus spins on his heel and looks back at the wall.
John responds by moving his tongue, hauling in air through his nose whenever Murray pulls back enough to clear John’s airway. His mouth and throat relax as Murray fucks him, and it is all so
He’s nearly done stitching the button down when John gives in to temptation and slides out of his pants. He's already most of the way hard as he kicks his pants away from his ankles, letting his legs fall open as he tries to find a comfortable position on the too thin doss bag.
John stumbles, dizzy from the sudden change in position, but the Dominus’ grip stops him from falling. He takes two dragging steps and finds himself bent over the back of the Dominus’ arm chair. The air huffs out of his lungs, but the cool leather feels amazing against his cock and he has to fight to hold himself still, to not rutt against the chair. He knows it is coming and he tries to prepare himself but it is still a shock when the Dominus slides his cock over John’s hole and pushes in. The long slow push, slick with lube as it is, aggravates muscles and skin still sensitive from last night.
John follows him, but hesitates. He’s only ever knelt in this room, or been bent over the back of furniture. But neither of those things seems appropriate here. He decides to perch on the edge of the couch, so that he can slide off quickly if the Dominus comes home and doesn’t approve.
there, something that Sherlock can’t place. Whenever he looks directly at the problem his mind fills with irrelevancies, catalogues all of the things that he
It is not difficult from there to deduce that John would be an enthusiastic, if not… perhaps practiced, or adept practitioner of felattio. A scenario which features regularly in Sherlock’s masturbation fantasies. Early on Sherlock experienced something that might resemble guilt about John’s appearance in his fantasies; with John’s constant reminders that he’s “not gay.” John’s mouth, his willingness, however fictional and fantastical, the beautiful idea of it wins out over any objections Sherlock’s conscience can raise. Tedious that “not gay” should mean “you’re not allowed to think about me
It hangs over Sherlock’s head, the expectation that he will go too far and lose John for good. The worry that John’s drinking will slide over the edge from soothing to dependency, the desperation to find enough cases going to keep John interested, keep him working and
Thank you everyone for reading, I love you all. I also love Consulting Smartass even though she hates it when I say so.
” The pain gives way to pleasure, and he begins to notice the friction on his cock against the latex sheet, the Dominus’ thrusts shoving him forward, the Dominus’ hands pulling him back. “
“I should think so, dear. Eat up - he’s in his mind palace, but he said he wanted to leave when you are ready.”
He’d occasionally find himself going to war even when he didn’t need to disappear. It was more exciting than the alternatives; being a peasant farmer or the hermit on the hill only held so much attraction. He spent as much time as he could travelling. Father had taught him basics of survival, the glamours and psychic tricks necessary to maintain his human form. He learned more from whatever mystics he came across, Yoga, various forms of martial arts. And practice. Harry and Father might have enjoyed the rush of evading the pitchfork-and-torches-mobs, but after the first couple times it failed to hold John’s attention.
“You wait here until he calls for you.” The housekeeper gestures at the floor beside a door. “Don’t try to go in before he calls, and don’t move from that spot. There’ll be trouble if he has to go looking for you.”
“This is one story I won’t be putting on the blog.” John’s eyes are cool and dark when they meet Sherlock’s, greener than Sherlock has ever seen them. The ripple is back, slower moving than before, it pushes at the edges of Sherlock’s mind, making his fingers numb.
John basks in the warmth of Sherlock’s singular attention. Doesn’t say no when Sherlock pours him another glass of wine and then holds up the bottle for a refill.
“Sherlock only keeps the good stuff in. Maybe for the next cup.” Greg shifts, pulling himself away from the back of the couch to put his mug down on the coffee table. “What did he tell you?”
The temptation to rip the chain out of the wall and bolt is only countered by the sure knowledge that there is nowhere he can go. He straightens his back and looks up at the housekeeper. “Do you stay and watch this, too?”
“Hate to break it to you, Greg, but we are kinda locked in a cell here. Mrs. Hudson will be round in a bit to bring breakfast soon I imagine.”
When Mrs. Hudson finds him on the floor, curled in a ball with the rug from the back of John’s chair balled under his chin, he can’t explain the relief that he feels at the automatic “Where’s John?” that falls from his lips.
“Well, Gregson did…” John yelps as Murray slaps his arse again, harder than before. “I’ll take that as an order then?” John raises his eyebrow, rolling slightly to look up at Murray.
John’s fingers are tight on the paper, tiny points of stress forming along the edges where he grips it; balanced on the knife edge between crumpling it into a ball and tearing it in half. “If you mean that bit where you turned me down flat... that wasn’t a negotiation.
“It’s a side effect of the glamour... you not being able to imagine me naked.” John shifts the paper, pulling it tighter. “I’m... not entirely human... and my true form tends to bring out the mobs with pitchforks and torches.”
“You don’t though... you really don’t. You were fine before me. You will be fine again without me. Better even. I’ll take everything from you. Tell Lestrade that I’ve had enough and that you’ve deleted me. You’ll find someone new for the upstairs room and go on being you.”
Post-case sit down meals, always in a different restaurant, one last chance for Sherlock to show off how brilliant he is before he’s off looking for the next case. John enjoys the ritual of it, the bickering over the menu, the way Sherlock leans in over the table to explain the finer points of his deductions, whispering to John in confidence. Sherlock always bolts his food, he eats after cases the same way he does everything else he finds tedious, as quickly and efficiently as possible.
The sound of the lock turning on the door answers him. John can feel the click of the bolt through the wood, the faint grinding sound of unused metal sounding loud against the pounding of his heart.
John turns away from the fire and lets his vision adjust to the darkness around them before he moves away. The school that they are bunking in is secure, well... as secure as they are going to get. John pushes out of the dining hall and heads towards the classrooms, hoping to find one or a corner of one unoccupied enough that he can have a quick wank and try to… well not forget about the idea of Murray fucking him senseless… but maybe get it out of his system. He keeps walking, following the basic principle that the rooms closest to the dining hall are already occupied.
Distraction lets him pull the key from his jailor’s pocket, lets him begin to work the lock even as Mycroft gloats. “Back to Baker Street, brother mine.”
John draws himself up, clenches his fists against the cuffs and clears his throat, embarrassed by how quickly he’d fallen under the Dominus’ powers. “There’s a part of me that wants to not want what you are going to do with me, Dominus. I know… I know what will happen. I know that there is something about the Dominii that’s addictive, I don’t want to... to not have a choice.”
They decide to walk home, the cool-nearly-too-cold of the night drawing the warmth of the wine from them. John can feel Sherlock oscillating beside him… clearly trying to decide if he should make a move, or if it is too risky to kiss John… to wait until they are inside the flat, or to push him against the door to the street. To try something that might be brushed off as ‘continental’ a peck on the cheek before they retire to their separate rooms, or to abandon all pretence of friendship and…
He'd swallow it if you did, but you could pull out, you could come on his face or his chest. You could tell him to turn over, tell him that he felt so good. "John, take it."
John turns his coat collar up against the gust of wind that sweeps down Baker Street after them, digs his hands into his pockets and makes plans of his own.
The corner of the paper flicks down and John graces Sherlock with one of his many long-suffering looks. “You
Murray nods and slips past John, heading back to the dining hall for his pack. “See you in the morning.”
John makes one small noise in the back of his throat and flicks his tongue out and along the crease of Murray’s fingers.
Also, thanks again for sticking with me, I know that reading a wip is always a bit dangerous and I'm terrible for WRITING ALL THE THINGS at once and not actually having a plan or schedule. I love all of you equally.
He’s hauled back to his feet, the button on John’s fly popping off and skittering across the room as Murray pulls at his trousers. He actually manages to help Murray as he pushes down John’s trousers and pants past his knees before he’s facing the door again and Murray is kicking his feet apart.
And that’s enough, the line between reality and Sherlock’s imagination is… thin at the best of times, but there is always a fuzzy unreal quality to his fantasies. And just the faintest tingle along his spine of something that might be guilt, because Sherlock’s fantasies are about getting Sherlock off… not about bringing John with him, they fade and end with Sherlock’s orgasm, the vague idea that he would do
He'd come in your hands… would you be able to come with him? You'd want to, to come with his body jerking and contracting around you. You want to feel the same thing he's feeling. To be that close to him.
He flips through the options on his screen and tries not to pace. He’s good at waiting, but that doesn’t mean he has to like it. He tries to do sit ups, but the robe is too heavy and loose, bunching up and catching at his neck. He’s not ready to do naked sit ups, not with the possibility of Mrs. Hudson walking in at any moment.
Sherlock’s heart contracts, leaps against his ribcage. “There is no need to mock me, John. A simple no would suffice.”
John rides the last of Sherlock’s orgasm, letting up on the pressure of his arms a bit to allow Sherlock to fuck up into his mouth, and then he sucks hard as Sherlock collapses back onto the sofa, drawing another full-body tremor and a deep groan from Sherlock.
Murray is in cryosleep on his way to Pharrus 7 for all John knows, and it seems unlikely the Dominus will see fit to answer, even if John bothered to ask.
John rocks, pulling tight against his hold on the headboard, praying to gods he’s fairly certain are dead and buried for
There are so many ways to push into him for the first time. He wants it, he wants you… so he could lean forward, the first sight of your cock bringing him closer, a tentative lick, a tiny noise from both of you. You could curl your fingers around the back of his head and push in all at once, make him gag as the head of your cock fills his airway, pull back just enough to let him breathe.
The Dominus takes a step towards him, making John shiver and lick his lips. “You understand that your life belongs solely to me now?”
“Only three percent of your fellows felt the same way. We’ll be able to expand the mining operation with the number of volunteers. Oh course, we have to watch them… rebels. Tedious.” His fingers trail over John’s hairline, running against the grain into his military haircut. “You’ll have to grow this out a bit, I’ll want something to pull.”
“John.” he drops his hand to his chest in a way that was meant to indicate ownership of the name. “Only about half that made sense.”
John leans forward with a groan, tipping himself forward to cover his growing erection. “Gods, Murray, if I have to hear that story one more time…” John twists, pulls his doss bag out from under him and stands, feigning a little more intoxication than he is actually feeling. “You lot can stay and listen to his lies, I’m done for the night.”
Murray spits, smears John’s hole with his thumb, pushing in just to the first knuckle. John pushes back, giving himself enough space, bracing himself on his right arm and his forehead, he turns his head to the side and sinks his teeth into the meat of his arm to keep from crying out as Murray pushes in.
John’s heart thuds in his chest. It hadn’t occurred to him to cut himself off from the outside world, even as he accepts that he isn’t going to be rejoining it anytime soon.
, self-administered lethal injection, the mining colony on Pharrus 7, or a ‘lifetime’ of servitude to the Dominii.
The angle means John can’t move, can’t do more than hook one arm around his leg and try to hold himself steady. “Yeah, c’mon then. Fuck me.” John’s voice is tight and high, his lungs feel constricted, every thrust from Murray pushing more and more air from John.
“C’mon, it’s fine. They’re out, and the kitchen is through here.” Greg moves without hesitation into the room, passing by the metal suspension frame like it isn’t there.
“Good morning.” John tries for light and carefree but even he can tell that his voice sounds rough and… well horrible.
John’s stomach felt empty, with the vague sort of nauseous that could go either way. If he ate something now he might feel better, but he also might be violently ill afterwards. “Toast?”
“Why do you care? Chances are you aren’t leaving here.” The Dominus tilts his head, eyes still sparking green.
John drops his head between his knees, and maybe he will throw up after all, gulping air and swallowing hard against the bile in his throat because he’d forgotten all about the rickshaw driver. Poisoning people so his Dominus could drink from him while he got off on the killing.
The line goes dead in John’s ear and he smiles, twiddling the phone between his fingers as he watches the progressively urban scenery pass him by.
I'm sure no one will mind... but the next chapter is going to be pretty heavily pornographic... and kinky.... all the kinky.
Tonight... Sherlock is savouring every bite, sipping at his wine and laughing at John’s attempts at humour.
“Someone else would have noticed that they weren’t on their assigned beat. The bodies were all found in different districts. So someone with access to transportation, but that wouldn’t stand out… someone people would naturally want to go with.”
John would push into him. Slide in to the hilt, lean down, bend over him… John strokes himself hard and fast, gasping and cursing as his hand loses rhythm and he falls back against the door.
The Dominus’ left eyebrow rises and his eyes flick away, searching for a com device. “Computer, run a search: private and public taxis and rickshaws with logged destinations or unscheduled stops at the sites each body was found, cross reference with the established TOD. Forward the result to Dimmock with instructions. Quote: “I trust you can arrest the one that matches all four deaths.” Unquote.”
“Crude.” Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “And I was rather hoping for... a more mutual arrangement. I can be... versatile.” The look in John’s eyes makes Sherlock want to crawl across the floor and prove how versatile he is, but John still hasn’t said yes.
“That’s the idea, Watson.” Murray grinds his hips against John’s arse. “You going to be good for me?”
“Shouldn’t you be…” That’s all John manages before Murray has crossed the distance between them and pushed John hard against the doorframe.
The Dominus growls his approval and reaches forward, pulling on the chain around John’s neck until he is forced upright, his back pressed against the Dominus’ chest. “Such a greedy little boy. Tell me how badly you want it.”
“Then why... oh. You are going to tell me all this, and if it is true, you think you can make me forget. And if it isn’t... you have distracted me, hopefully put me off the whole idea, and given yourself an amusing story to tell Lestrade.”
He lets himself brush a stray curl off Sherlock’s forehead before he pulls away finally and nearly bolts up the stairs to his room.
It matters a little that you would be naked too, not to start out, but maybe it is morning and you are still in your pyjamas. Impossible to guess, to think about what would have brought you here. That doesn't matter, he's there, you both are… he wants to be and…
“But they also don’t sleep. And eventually that makes even them a little squirrely and you end up with Vlad the Impaler or Rasputin running amok and bathing in the blood of virgins.”
Again apologies for the long hiatus. Real life and such. It feels like a cop-out but I know it isn't, my life went a bit mental, as they do... Now... I appear to be back in form and chugging along nicely.
John presses another kiss against his lips, exhaling against Sherlock’s mouth, radiating warmth and sleep, the heavy weight of post-orgasmic contentment. Strokes his fingers over Sherlock’s temple and down his jaw, even as Sherlock makes an effort to lift his hand and pull John closer to him.
John moves down Sherlock’s body, carefully spreading the glamour as his fingers trace over Sherlock’s chest and skirt around his cock. He can feel Sherlock’s pulse slowing under his fingers, see his breathing even out to approach sleep. But he’s careful, and he has actually gone to medical school in this lifetime, so he doesn’t push Sherlock too far down. Just enough that Sherlock will wake rested and refreshed, even if John leaves him on the sofa for the night.
get in the way of Logic and Reason.” Greg pauses to drink his coffee, shakes his head a bit at how much whiskey he put in it.
” Every nerve is on fire, John’s body telling him that he is experiencing intense pain and incredible pleasure at the same time.
He’s writhing against the constriction of his clothes, but he lets his heartbeat slow to something manageable before he crosses his arms and pulls his jumper over his head. The buttons of his shirt take enough concentration that he’s calm by the time he drops it on the floor. He shucks himself out of his trousers and pants, wincing slightly at the sound of his belt buckle hitting the hardwood floor, but nothing stirs downstairs.
The guilt keeps him from thinking about it. Of course there are times when he can’t help but notice, the flicker of John’s eyes to Sherlock’s lips, the way John shifts in his chair. It creeps into Sherlock’s mind, pushing its way past his defenses and…
John turns his face back to the door, tension bleeding from his shoulders, he can’t actually move, but his hips and arse tilt up, rising to meet the pressure Murray is putting on him. “Yeah,
John lifts his hand to the clasp at his shoulder and unfastens it. “How much is necessary?” He pulls the robe off his shoulders and balls it in front of him.
John startles slightly, hands fumbling for the clasp at his shoulder. He carefully folds the robe and sets it down on the side table.
is what orgasm should feel like. John’s cock is soft and spent between his legs but every nerve in his body is on fire with pleasure; such pleasure as to erase the memory of pain forever from his mind, he cannot feel the pull of the chains at his wrists, the strain on his hamstrings from the position. All the small pleasures of John’s life vanish as well, and he knows he will never desire anything else but this.
If you couldn't you'd push him down, prop him up against the bed and fuck him hard and fast, or maybe slow and smooth. You'd fuck him until he was boneless and you'd come inside him. Then you'd pull him back and kiss him. Kiss the lips that opened for you when you asked because they wanted to.
John does, putting his hands on the floor to help unfold his legs, and wiggling his toes to restore sensation.
John closes his eyes and moans, a small low noise that makes Sherlock’s fingers tighten in John’s hair. From there it is the soft tight warmth of John’s mouth, the occasional scrape of John’s molars over the shaft of Sherlock’s cock, the way John speeds up when Sherlock’s hips start to buck on their own, and the encouraging noises John makes when Sherlock tries to warn him.
John obeys and feels the maglock engage on the cuff on his ankle. He’s left balancing on only the big toe of his right foot, head tilted awkwardly and nearly kneeling on air.
The laugh is nothing at all like John’s normal amused chuckle; dark and deep and completely outside of Sherlock’s experience of John. “That’s just like you. Thank you, Sherlock, for proving me right after all. You’d rather it was me that was the end of you… but what about me? Having to live with myself, yeah… that’s easy enough. I destroy everything I love and have to keep on. At least if I leave you now you will have a chance.”
of them. One survived, and... well apparently the whole thing made her insane, but her family hid her away...” John coughs, twists in his chair, clearly contemplating vaulting over the armrest and bolting from the room. Sherlock forces his gaze to remain steady, fixed on John’s face, even an instant of inattention and John will undoubtedly disappear. “My father didn’t present until... well... much later. He was well over a century... and of course he didn’t know anything about his father... beyond the dragon aspect, and his mother wasn’t... able to help. It was different then, you could live as a hermit... and people didn’t bother you. He moved around like that for a couple centuries... leaving places when it became obvious that the crazy old man on the hill... wasn’t getting any older. By then he’d sorted out the... influences needed to hide what he really was.” John fidgets, lifts his empty tea mug and sets it back down, taps his finger on the rim. “Eastern Europe and Russia mostly. Here occasionally... when Harry and I were young. He wasn’t a very nice man. He had his share of runs from pitchfork-wielding mobs.” John smiles and it is
Greg comes back with a small plate of dry toast and offers it to John. “I feel like this would be easier at the table, but Sherlock will have a fit if we move his equipment. Couch?” He tips his chin and moves to sit on the long leather couch along one wall. Greg flops down on the couch, only careful enough not to spill his own coffee.
You'd make him come, wrap your hand around him and contort your bodies until he's full of you while you stroke his cock. He'll tell you after, or maybe he’s told you before, the last time you did this to him, that you fucking his mouth makes him hard, that if he could touch himself while you did it he'd come, just from the feel of you. He'd tell you that he wants you to make him, that he can do it on his own, that half the reason he puts the cuffs on is so you will have to do it for him. He wants it to be you… he wants you.
John clings to the last moment of contact with the floor, thinking perhaps he will not survive after all. Once his right foot leaves the floor and the lock engages with his cuff all of the chains tighten, loosening the pull on his collar and contorting his body further into a kneeling position. The Dominus slides a latex sheet under John’s torso, attaching it to more chain so that most of his weight is no longer supported by his arms and legs. He’s completely exposed and open, floating and positioned at just the right height. His cock twitches against the latex, it really shouldn’t be turning John on… the idea that he’s about to give himself over completely to this stranger.
John sighs and sits down on the edge of the cot, balancing the tea at arms length. “I told him I don’t have a death wish.”
The Dominus’ cock hardens in John’s mouth, sliding over his lips and tongue, pushing against the back of his throat. John strains against his gag reflex, feeling blood rush to his face as his breathing becomes intermittent. The Dominus curls his hand in the ties of the blindfold, holding tight and pushing John’s head down. John tries, tries to relax and let himself be forced deeper. There’s something in the way he is being held, the texture of the air, that tells him he’s nowhere close to taking the length of the Dominus’ cock into his mouth. He tries again, pushes himself closer, scoots forward on his knees to be closer to the Dominus’ body.
And then Sherlock is away, and he tries not to think about John too much, because… well because the space beside him is empty, and there is so much to do that poking at the empty space distracts.
John fights against the urge to put his forehead on the floor, curl in on himself and forget that this is happening. “Given a choice, Dominus… I prefer women.”
The housekeeper comes in with his breakfast and a fresh robe. John keeps the flimsy sheet around his waist until the heavy robe drops over his shoulders and he can fasten the clasp. He feels better with the robe covering him, even though he’s pretty sure she’s seen all of him there is to see by now.
Greg has already opened a sliding door in the living room, revealing an equally disorganized kitchen and a cluttered dining table. He grumbled through putting the kettle on. “You want something to eat as well?”
John shakes out his shoulders and settles in to wait as Mrs. Hudson turns the far corner and vanishes. The white, cool quiet of the hall settles around John like a deep layer of snow. He thinks that the Dominus must either enjoy making him wait, or he’s still out doing whatever it is that Dominii do.
Back at 221b, after John had come home from a short shift and after Rosie had been dosed with paracetamol, fed,  and placed in her cot for a nap (the jabs had made her grizzly and tired),  Sherlock remembered that he had a cherry lolly in his pocket and absentmindedly begins sucking on it while reading a book on forensic anthropology.
He was shocked to see her turned around, sitting again in her chair.  She nodded her head as his chair as if trying to tell him to sit back down.
Rosie, whose father was a government trained sniper and who can, quite frankly, be a very dangerous man should the need arise.
And then Sherlock and he'd been at St. Bart's and passed Stewart, that young, ginger EKG tech that sometimes moonlighted at the clinic and he'd realized that Stewart was high.  Not so high that his work would suffer, but high enough that he wasn't jittery all of the time.  But he most definitely was high.  He could smell it on him and saw a vaporizer in the back pocket of his scrubs.  He'd stopped him and pointedly looked at it and said, “Best keep that out of sight,” and Stewart had smiled and said, “Helps with the ADHD.  I function quite a bit better with it compared to any of the pharmaceuticals I've tried.  Hardly ever see the doctor anymore. Frankly, Dr. Watson, it's a miracle drug.  You should read up on it.”  Then he’d given him that look, the one that says, I understand, I’ve been there, it sucks but there is an end.
“Oh!” answered Molly, finally catching on. “Yes, that thing that is very important!”  She smiled and winked at Heather following Greg out of the booth.
Sherlock did know about that spark. He did know how it made absolutely no practical sense. He'd felt it with The Woman, and that had been completely nonsensical. A lesbian pining after a gay man? And he, who had never had anything in the way of feelings for another woman, he had become quite enamored with Irene Adler. He'd put his life in danger to save her and would do it again without hesitation.
John came home rather earlier than Sherlock was expecting. He had just put Rosie down (she had fallen asleep on the ear diagram) when he came through the door.
John’s eyes widened as she looked between Heather and Molly, who was laughing at something Greg had said at the bar.  His growing anger that Molly would disclose something so sensitive must have shown on his face as Heather quickly added, “She told me because she found out that I use it too.  For PTSD and anxiety.  She saw some of my edibles at my flat.  I’ve been medicating since I was in college.  I don’t get by very well without it.  She told me in greatest confidence that there were others in the hospital that use it and your name might have been brought up.  By me.”
“Yes, but I have finally established that you’re available, haven’t I?”  He paused for effect, finally continuing, his voice lowering in tenor, “Keeping up a perfect appearance can be exhausting.  Perfect desk, perfect clothes, perfect hands; sometimes a person needs to let go, needs to be able to take a
John and Heather both looked at Molly, who was looking back at them in shock. “This isn’t a set-up, if that’s what I’m being accused of!  I mean, well, John, I’ve seen you peeking, and I know Heather’s intrigued by you,”
The researcher in the labs near the morgue.  Studies genomics; currently studying  rapid whole genome sequencing in baby girls in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. American. Canceled wedding, had connections in England, decided to stay on indefinitely. Anxiety due to childhood trauma – middle-class household, unstable, abusive, likely bipolar mother. Years, frankly, of therapy.  Had multiple panic attacks each week until she found a supplier, since then has had only two.  Very promising researcher – wouldn't mind talking to her, really – he's already read one of her articles in
John appears to be having a difficult time covering up his feelings this time.   He looks flustered and then,  very abruptly,  lays the newspaper down so that it's covering his lower torso and lap and jerkily intertwines his fingers directly over his crotch.
“Jesus,” John swore, closing his eyes and breathing on slowly through his nose.  Now was not the time to get angry.
But then the song shifted.  Sherlock sense that Eurus seemed to be trying to say that she meant no one any harm or ill will. ‘Love Me Do’ shifted into the plaintive, yearning melody and then back again until the two songs became their own melody, something new and strong and whole.  And then the notes of longing reemerged.  Throughout all of this, she stared at him with intensity.
Thank you for the kudos!  I am amazed at how many I've gotten so soon!  When you write a Snape/OTP story, the audience has to be persuaded a bit; Johnlocker's are hungry for more more more!  I love this ship,
’” she mimicked with a small, breathy laugh. “James was my creation, my beautiful creation -  I created him to
“I do not! I know everything about a person within a moment, John! And I've known Tinsley since uppers, so your observation is irrelevant!”
“But successful nonetheless,” Greg observed, grabbing Molly by the elbow and pulling her from the booth. “Molly, Sally’s been asking about that thing you both talked about.”
“Yep, you're back. I'm going to call Molly then. I'll get Rosie's highchair ready,” John replied, and pulled out his phone on the way into the kitchen.
In the US in cannabis-illegal states, you can have anywhere between 0 oz (Arizona) to 4 oz before you receive automatic felony charges and imprisonment.
This is un-beta'd, so there's most likely mistakes.  Also, thanks to the people who are leaving kudos.  They are most appreciated.
?” he asked, moving even closer still, his voice dropping in pitch.  He felt her body grow still, heard her take a long breath in through her nose.
So John listened to Mycroft for once and ground up the OG Cush, which stank up the entire flat, packed it into the vaporizer, examined his conscience one last time, and toked up.
John' is still smiling,  but it's gone from luminescent to slightly wicked,  and he's giving Sherlock his 'tell me I'm wrong' face,  and Sherlock simply smiles.
She looked over the violin at him and played something very elementary, a tune that resembled something that a beginning violinist would learn.  This was new.  He waited.  She continued in this way for a time and then started playing something quite complex, a tune that required his full attention to understand.  She wanted his attention.  And she believed that he didn’t know, or needed to learn, what she was trying to say.
“Oh, you know,” she said, suddenly interested in her napkin, folding it with precision and concentration, “Someone with authority.  Someone strong, who could take the reins in the relationship.”
He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. Tried to tamp down his desperation to know her mind, to know exactly what she was trying to tell him about John.  She hadn’t come across as malicious.  She’d been as gentle as he had ever seen her, as if she was being careful to let him know that she had no evil intent.  She knew that he yearned for John, that much was certain.  But there had to be more.
A month later, while John was taking an overnight shift at A&E (his first in quite a while), Sherlock returned from survielling his suspect to find Mycroft resting in John's chair, a fire going, drinking tea from a china teacup.
Sherlock knew a few people (alright, he'd deduced them, but it's practically the same thing) who use cannabis to manage health conditions. There was the medic who often came to crime scenes - veteran, Iraq, amputated left lower limb, severe PTSD managed quite well with cannabis.  Excellent medic, always professional.  One of the best that he’s observed in recent memory.  Always gives John a tight grin of acknowledgement, which John always gives back.  Is always slightly stoned.
“He will if he finds another woman to care for.  You and I both know that John puts a great deal of importance behind romantic and sexual relationships.  And he will be looking for a mother for Rosamund.”
“He still needs psychological help.  And no, Mrs. Hudson is not enough, nor is she interested.  I did notice, however, that he's been weaning himself off of the Klonopin.  He has become much more of a help to you during your investigations and is relying on nannies less and less.”
“You usurped my investigation?” Sherlock leapt out of his chair, walking back and forth in a rapid stalk, roaring at Mycroft, “Of all the things you could do to me, Mycroft – bringing Moriarty into my life, neglecting to tell me about the existence of Eurus, letting me think for years that Redbeard was a dog – of all of those things – usurping my investigation is the one I cannot forgive!”
And we can't forget that his last therapist, who he'd thought was brilliant, perhaps as brilliant as Sherlock (irony of ironies), had shot and kidnapped him, had dragged him into a twisted game that she'd concocted to win Sherlock from Mycroft and him which ended with him chained up in the bottom of a well with frigid water rapidly rising. A well where he'd found the bones of Sherlock's baby brother, who had unfortunately not been saved from Eurus's machinations.
When he opens his eyes he sees a different John.  He looks lighter.  His smile is luminescent.  John is standing up (no! More kisses!) and leaning into his ear and he says,  "You taste like cherry.   Seems appropriate."
He'd thought about it for days.  Spoke with Mrs Hudson, Molly, even LeStrade, and all of them were of the mind that if it would help him, he should try it. Mycroft blythely mentioned in an aside that he knew someone that could ease his “little problem” and that he might be in possession of a sample.  And then he’d shown up the next morning with a staggering amount of medical grade marijuana in huge nugs with truly obscene amounts of kush.
She tilted her head at him, looked at him as if he were a scientific specimen, and said, “I’ve so many plans for you, Sherlock.  And I’ve just gotten you.”
He must have pulled a face because Molly scooted over toward him and put her hand on his. “I’m sorry if I’ve said the wrong thing.  I didn’t mean to.  I know it’s been hard for you.  But I’m so happy that you’re here.”
was a Czechoslovakian geneticist who used crossed pea plants resulting in the discovery of dominant and recessive genes. He is the first person that you learn about in any genetics class.  He's like a patriarch - the Abraham - of the genetic world.  Rosie likes peas.
“Bringing your own teacups now, Mycroft?” he asked, his voice terse,  stopping as he ran into his bedroom to change into more suitable nightclub attire.  He'd change into the jewel blue silk shirt with those black pants that pushed his bum up  . . .
John stepped out of the rainy twilight into the warmth of the pub.  Truthfully, he preferred the rainy walk to the cacophony of the pub, but it had been a while since he’d taken LeStrade up on an offer to join the Yarders and he’d realized that he missed Greg, that he missed the in your face brashness of Sally, he even missed the complete incompetence of Anderson.   So here he was, grabbing a pint with his mates.
He had forgotten how good he was at this.  ‘Not a time to get cocky now,’ he thought.  Not when he had a beautiful woman under his thrall, someone brilliant and quick with a comeback, someone sharp and more than able to play his game.
“I believe, nutkin, that the game has taken an unexpected turn,” he said to his otorhinolaryngology prodigy, who squealed in what Sherlock was sure was complete understanding. She was, after all, a genius.
He had her.  He felt the shift the moment that it happened.  Felt the want radiating off of her the moment he’d said the word ‘breath.’  He knew she’d keep playing, though.  After all, she’d want to make it good for him, too.
He'd caught John looking at him that way, more times than he could count, but John had always looked at him in wonder. It didn't mean anything.
And yet he had made a promise to himself and to her that he wouldn’t leave her, at least not of his own volition.  He had no control over Mycroft’s whims; she knew as well as he did that if Mycroft deemed it necessary she would be moved with no input from Sherlock or their parents.  If Mycroft deemed it necessary, she would be hidden away, never to be seen again.  Mycroft had made it quite plain to him that if he even got a whiff that Eurus was attempting another insurrection that it would be ended swiftly with a bullet to the back of the head.
She blushed again.  John couldn’t imagine anything more gorgeous than a woman blushing at his advances. “There you go, assuming I need a man,” she countered, smiling, concentrating on her napkin.
John clears his throat and chokes out,  "What was that you said again?"  He looks almost stricken,  and surely that wasn't supposed to be the outcome of a few provocative sucks on a lolly.
She already had her violin when he stepped into the room adjoining hers.  Already had it raised to her chin, waiting patiently as Sherlock removed his from the case, applied rosin to his bow, folded the tea towel that he used on his shoulder.  When he raised his bow, she played the A string continuously as he adjusted his, bringing his violin in perfect tune with hers.  They worked their way through the strings until they were both one tuned to the other.  And then he waited.
He sees Mary get shot in his dreams.  No matter how hard he tries, no matter what he does to keep her going into that room, no matter how quickly he moves to save her, no matter how vigorously he tries to wrestle the gun from Vivian Norbury, she still gets shot.  Night after night after night.
“Now, if you were in a serious relationship, there would be a photo of a man there, but there wasn’t.  Also, Molly and Greg were more than willing to leave us alone.  So that leads me to assume that you have no man in your life.”
He smiled, but he made sure that is wasn’t the kind jolly Doctor Watson smile.  No, this was a smile that hadn’t seen the light of day in years.  This smile was full of sex and control and testosterone and promised nothing but wicked intentions. She shivered when he ran his index finger over hers.
Over the next several hours and pints, John learned the following about Dr. Heather Love: she’d grown up in Appalachia, the only child of a single mother who was rarely emotionally stable.  During routine testing at her school she was identified as having a genius level IQ.  After that, the school started to notice the unusual bruises that she would show up to school with and the way she had trouble sitting down (because of frequent canings).
John stared open-mouthed at Heather for a few moments while he composed himself. “Being a bit abrupt, wouldn’t you say?”
“Yes, with all those times you spied on me in my lab, I figure you’ve gotten quite an eyeful by now,” she smirked. “Took Molly getting us to a pub at the same time to finally get to chat with you.”
Her glass went black.  The sound from her cell into his room was cut off.  It wasn’t the first time prison control had cut her off, not by a long shot.  She was taken seriously now; even the wrong movement would end their sessions.  It had never gotten this far, however.
Dr. Heather Love.  The American genomics researcher studying the BRCA 1 gene, down the hall from Molly for several years now.  The first time John had caught sight of her had been shortly after he’d began working with Sherlock, shortly after Sherlock had returned.  She’d been bent over one of the counters in her lab, completely engrossed in what she’d been doing.  She’d taken John’s breath away.  But John had been engaged then, in love with Mary, and so after a perhaps longer than necessary look he’d moved on.
“I'm told that the vaporizer is top of the line.” Mycroft said. “It's a convection vaporizer, which is vastly superior to a conduction vaporizer.  Start with the OG Cush, and then the Blue Dream. When you start feeling more yourself, move to the Cannotonic. The rest you can play around with.”  John found the idea of Mycroft Holmes speaking about various cannabis varietals enormously surreal, and yet, there is was.
John was called into A&E on the day of Rosie's 15 month exam because of some understaffing crisis,  so Sherlock, being a Good Godfather,  told John he would make sure Rosie made it to the Paediatrician's office, reassuring John as he bustled out the door to the clinic,  but not before giving Rosie a kiss on her head and telling her to be a brave soldier for Sherlock.
The music was often full of sorrow.  She was deeply lonely.  Understandably, she felt forgotten.  With that came an undercurrent of chilling rage, that Mycroft had let everyone that mattered to her believe her dead.  Her song would go from plaintive to harsh and discordant at the flick of her wrist, her eyes mirroring her rage.
Sherlock had taken it from Mycroft when John had hesitated.  He'd hesitated for obvious reasons, the first and foremost being that British government was handing over what looked to be at the very least five ounces of cannabis - five fucking ounces! Mycroft had assured them that they would receive no trouble from law enforcement. He’d given John at least an ounce each of several different varieties, all clearly labeled, with an accompanying folio – leather, nice at that – of each variety, their uses, expected effects, where the pot was grown, complete with soil analyses and growth and environmental reports and other minutia that Mycroft had said he could read on his own.
“It was an exciting time.  The Human Genome Project was formed in ’90, so I got in on the ground floor, so to speak.  The early years were mostly developing the technology accelerating the elucidation of the genome.  We spent a lot of time sequencing small-scale models, using that data to develop the methodologies used in the large-scale sequencing of the human genome.  Then in ’94 I joined a team at the NIH studying the BRCA 1 gene. I’ve been studying it ever since.  My focus is on whether we can manipulate the gene before birth to prevent its effects entirely.  In addition, I look for ways we can treat those with the gene to prevent the development of breast cancer.  They’ve just recently released a cancer treatment for those with metastatic cancer who exhibit the gene; I want to catch people long before that and prevent the disease entirely.”
.  He privately refers to his wife Hilda as She-who-must-be-obeyed.  I grew up watching it with my parents on PBS and I'm sure John would have been acquainted with it as well.
John felt he had just caught up with the conversation. “I’m sorry,” he broke in, “did you say that she had an IQ of 170?”
“Listen, love.  If the IQ doesn’t get you, the fact that she’s ridiculously beautiful will. Not that you’re not beautiful - !” Greg amended his thought, looking at Molly pleadingly.
Sherlock would answer with apologies.  He apologized for having forgotten her.  For erasing her existence from his memories, for not knowing that he had such a brilliant, fascinating sister – a sister who idolized him with a ferocious, terrifying ardor.  Those notes were spare and plaintive, slow and often gentle.  He refused to beg for her forgiveness; he felt that, underneath it all, she desired that above everything else.  Her actions during the prison siege had negated any chance of that ever happening, however.  That conversation had been sharp and forceful.  He had broken a string trying to get his anger at her actions across.  He had played with so much fury that day – telling her in song that what she had done was viewed as unforgiveable by most, that she had nearly taken away the only people in his life that he truly cared for, that no matter how brilliant he thought her, she could not have made up for the loss of John or Molly – or Mycroft.  He berated her for John’s deteriorated mental state (which she had taken a sick delight in initially, but was now repentant for, now that she knew that she had Sherlock, that he wasn’t going to abandon her again).
“Well, it’s somewhere between 170 and 180.  When you get that high, they can’t get any closer than that.  But she doesn’t like to talk about it, really,” Molly answered.
“I’ll pick us up a few pints.  Why don’t you go join her?” Greg suggested, giving John a convivial slap on the back.
And this is the moment that Sherlock realizes what is going on with John,  what he's clearly thinking and imagining. He'd glanced up, pondering a, quite frankly,  ridiculous assertion about the cribriform plate,  and when he'd done so,  the first thing he saw was John's tongue glancing his lower lip just so. Which is equally spellbinding.
Sherlock turned over with an irritable jerk and said, “Can we just call is pot, Mycroft?  Weed, marijuana, cannabis?  Because there is a dispensary in our home currently.  That you supplied.”
.  Lots of Johnlock, some a bit NSFW, and currently posting a lot of bearded Martin Freeman, because, holy God, he's a sexy beast.
John had been a very sexual person.  It was a dominate trait of his personality, even if he kept it hidden under horrifying jumpers and ill fitting trousers.  It was something that he needed, and as much as he despised Mycroft's advice, he was correct; if John continued his improvement, he would be seeking outside companionship.
I'd like to believe that John really did love Mary when he married her.  He's a good guy; he wouldn't enter into something as important as marriage without being sure of what he was doing (at least until a drunken, handsy bachelor party made him question what he was doing - my opinion, totally).
“Of course she's a genius, Sherlock. How can she not be with you teaching her everything day in and day out? Tea?”
“He has been detained, Sherlock.  I knew that the only way I would have your undivided attention was if one Troy Albertson was taken out of the picture.  He is currently in the custody of the British Government where he belongs. Now back to the discussion at hand . . .”
“The talk show hosts would mostly just ask me trivia questions.  You know – name the presidents of the United States in order, name all of the state capitals – it was insulting, really. Carson was nice, though.  He liked talking to children and he actually asked me some real questions about my life and who I was.  Hollywood Squares was fun, too; I got to meet Betty White and Richard Simmons.  But mostly I was just some sort of child freak who could answer any question that you threw at her.  It was uncomfortable and embarrassing, and they really didn’t care at all about
“Difficult not to notice,” he said, giving her a slow, languorous smile.  Not so difficult to turn it back on, then.  Not so difficult at all.
Sherlock buried himself more into the couch as he tried to convince himself that yes, he was ready for that. It didn't matter anyway, it was all sentiment, and John would never really abandon him.  He couldn't.  He was his John.  His blogger.  And Rosie was his Mendelian masticator.
In the UK, cannabis is a Class B drug and illegal to grow, distribute, or possess.  It will buy you a minimum sentence of 5 years imprisonment and up to 14 years.  Since I don't live in the UK I'm not sure how strictly this is enforced; there are some parts of the US where cannabis remains illegal but drug courts are turning more of a blind eye toward possession, especially if there is a legitimate medical reason to have it.
Sherlock's face got hot and he stared at John, who was now searching his eyes for something, looked as if he were working out a puzzle, the slightest smile on his face, his head tilted to the side. Sherlock felt his heart rate elevating and he felt the need to take a deep breath, but something kept him from doing it.
“He has made great strides, Sherlock, but we both know that there is still a good distance to go.”  He took another sip of tea.  Sherlock did not move, but he was listening.
Sherlock assesses him again.   Yes,  John appears trapped,  but it's different than the times before.   He's not running away.  He's not defending himself in any way.  Other than the newspaper,  his usual walls haven't been erected.
He could See John again,  could Read him,  and John wanted it.  He was vibrating with it,  someone on the cusp of something he'd wanted with everything but wouldn't believe he had until he was holding it in his hands.
Mycroft stared at Sherlock for at least five minutes during which Sherlock continued to huff and flail about in his tantrum.  He took one drink of tea during his wait, thanking the stars that John bought PG Tipps instead of that swill Sherlock used to buy.  After Sherlock finally calmed, turned to face the back of the sofa, he finally spoke.
John can tell he means it, that this is no experiment or script that Sherlock has come up with.  Sherlock can read it in his face.  Still, John asks,  "And you mean it? You're not fucking with me?"
But an intimacy with Irene would require much more work than Sherlock could put into it. She deserved someone who had the time for her. He had The Work and John and now Rosie to think about and there simply wasn't enough room in his life to add her to the equation.
John notices, he's just glanced up from the evening paper,  scowling over another article about Boris Johnson, and he's SPELLBOUND.  He can't keep his eyes off of Sherlock's lips and tongue and the way he Licks that red lolly and then HIS tongue is peeking out and he's absentmindedly licking his lips.
At that moment, he realized that if he could have deep, unbidden feelings for Irene Adler and she for him, then what was there to keep John Watson from having those same feelings for his consulting detective?
“We don't use nannies,” Sherlock spit acidly. “Molly and Mrs Hudson sit with Rosie.  Harry's had her a bit.  They babysit, Mycroft.  A world does exist beyond the Diogenes Club.”
John's got his 'everything's fine' face on,  but he's skittery and looks trapped.   He finally manages to rasp out, "What are you doing?"  His voice has dropped, husky and yet careful.
John is sitting there,  eyes boring into Sherlock's, lips a tight line.  Like he's nervous.   Or challenging Sherlock to say or do something.  Or - yes! - John is resolute.   He's made a decision and he's seeing it through.   A soldier going into possibly hostile territory.
He extended his index finger and put it on the napkin.  Her fingers brushed his. “Well, then, what sort of man do you
John freely admits that his panic attacks and PTSD have gotten significantly worse in the year that Mary's been dead.  He felt tremendous guilt over his text-affair, which very likely could have become a true affair; very nearly did – very nearly did.
She had made it clear in her notes that if she wanted to take over again she could. If she so chose, she would leave the prison, would wreak havoc once again on his and Mycroft’s lives.  That she would not be cast aside. Sherlock had no doubt of her abilities. It would be no problem for her, really; she seemed to be able to mold the minds of those around her with just a look.  She was both the most frightening and fascinating person that Sherlock had ever met.  That, in and of itself, enthralled him and he fully realized that she had been counting on that, that is was quite possible (actually, a surety) that she had been manipulating him from the moment he had met her in his cocaine fueled state all those months ago.
“Hmm,” he intoned, taking the opportunity to take her hand in both of his.  Using the moment to brush his fingers through hers, to barely graze the skin between them before scratching his index finger just so against the middle of her palm, his smile growing even more predatory as he watched her pupils dilate. “You may not know this, but one day I delivered something into your lab for Molly.  Left it on your desk.  Which was very tidy, almost military in its precision.  There was one photo on it, of an older man and woman.  Who I assume are your parents.”
“Maybe you should ask her that,” Molly said, looking toward the door.  Heather Love had just entered, standing a bit in the doorway, shaking rain off her umbrella, looking just as smart as usual in a fitted rain trench coat (Burberry, perhaps – living with Sherlock had given him the uncanny ability to identify designer clothing) and an immaculate (despite the rain) pair of nude Louboutin kitten heels.
, but someone else will have his mind and body.  His heart.  He wants to give it away so desperately.  He was
“And he will no doubt be bringing women to the flat.  He will be on dates when Lestrade calls with a case, and he should not be expected to join you.  He will need his own life, Sherlock.  Are you prepared for that?”
Mycroft sighed a little more loudly this time and continued, “ . . . and he seems to be making steady improvement.  I believe the threat of suicide has passed . . .”
“You are expressing something that you believe I feel,” he said, hoping that he would get confirmation.
He rushed into the atrium and brushed against her, eliciting a pleased, “Sherlock Holmes?” out of her.
“But that’s – didn’t Einstein have an IQ that high?” John asked, astonished.  “Why isn’t she at Oxford or Harvard?  How’d she end up at Barts?”
When they reached the debriefing room, one of the prison lackeys came in and whispered into the psychologist’s ear.  He laughed irritably, shaking his head.  Looked at Sherlock.
John smiled back, laying on the old Watson charm, giving a bit of a lopsided grin and then biting his lower lip (that always worked on the women Sherlock had observed) and taking her hand.
He often wondered what she did when she was deemed too dangerous, when the control room shut her off from her visitors.  Did she sit, frighteningly calm, sure of herself, or did she rage, pound on the glass, demand she have her prey back?
He was falling, he could feel it.  She was beautiful, sensual, blindingly intelligent.  She was cheekbones and sharp edges but soft at the same time.  She was shy glances and blushes and furtive touches, and yet she was allowing him to tangle her up and draw her in.  She was yielding and submissive with just an edge of challenge.
John was still squinting at him, but he said, “Alright. You know you can talk to me?” When Sherlock didn't answer and instead seemed to be studying Rosie's face, John said, “Are you sure you're fine?”
John sighed. “Yeah, we both decided to chalk it up to an unfortunate date with a really great person and call it an early evening.”
Mycroft let out a long-suffering sigh. “Don't be such a drama queen, Sherlock.  It really doesn't suit you.”
That’s not to say that he quit looking.  Dr. Heather Love was otherworldly in her beauty.  Tall, lean, jet black hair pulled up into those messy buns, curls escaping at the nape of her neck.  Pale with plump lips and searing blue eyes.  Always dressed to the nines, she looked like Hollywood’s version of a hospital researcher, not the typical dumpy, bleary eyed scientists that he ran into in their usual, rumpled business casual and wrinkled lab coats.
“No!” Sherlock shouted.  He heard the prison psychologist shift in his chair and could feel the armed guard stiffen with attention. “I need you to speak!  Why can’t you just speak?  Tell me what you are trying to say!  Please, Eurus.” He closed his eyes, angry at how desperate he had sounded.  She did not need that to hold over him.  And yet, who was he kidding, she already knew everything there was to know about him, every button that she could push.
John is staring again,  and Sherlock watches the many emotions play across his face.   He's always been able to read John like a book but it's all happening too rapidly and he's trying to commit it all to memory and he can't predict the next words out of John's mouth.
John watched the Yarders as she approached the table.  Anderson was also openly gaping until Sally elbowed him under the table, scowling, her eyes narrowed at Heather.  Heather looked impassively at them and then looked toward the back corner.
And then the loveliest thing happened.  A beautiful blush appeared on Heather Love’s cheeks, high up on those impossible cheek bones.
She walked to the hopper that she placed her violin in when she was done playing. This usually signaled that she was done with him.  She would stand by the hopper with her back turned to him until he left.  This time, however, she came back and sat in front of him again, looking levelly at him, calm and cold.  For the briefest of moments, she looked sad for him, sad that he didn’t understand her.  And then she stood and turned her back to him.
“She wants to know if you’ll be back tomorrow.  She reminded the control room that you were the one that insisted on talking.  Said she’s perfectly content simply playing her violin.”
“Not too far ahead.  Watching myself tonight.  Came with a bit of company,” Greg answered, his smile growing impossibly brighter as he looked toward the back-corner booth, a booth that happened to be occupied by his very own Molly Hooper.
Half an hour after John and Rosie had fallen asleep, Sherlock sat up abruptly in the couch with a calculating grin.  There was work to be done.
The Mary that he saw was the Mary he’d decided – really wanted – to spend the rest of his life with.  To build a home with, grow old with; maybe become a country doctor with.  Back then he’d been so optimistic.
John only dated women, and yet Sherlock had observed him on countless occasions looking at an attractive man a bit longer than necessary. He'd caught him watching bums and looking at mouths of men (and then licking his lips quickly in response), seen him furtively looking at crotches and admiring long legs in fitted trousers.
When it came to actual emotion, however, Sherlock was out of his element – the only time, really, that he was ever out of his element.
“Yes, actually.  Despite what you might think, Sherlock, I have a great deal of respect for Dr. Watson.  Should his evening have gone poorly, Inspector Lestrade was on back-up to bring him home.  It appears that Lestrade's assistance won't be needed after all.”
"I simply haven't - yet.   No need - and when I've thought I might want - well,  it's unrequited,  isn't it?"
The land is all perilous. High cliffs, cracked a cut deeply into the green - pasture and then air and finally empty pasture again. Below is the sea, whitecaps and black rocks like teeth. The seabirds are tucked away in nests on the cliffsides.
This makes the officer’s smile drop, although his tone remains broad and almost upbeat about the whole thing. As Sherlock has long suspected, Lestrade liked the mysteries that his job occasionally provided. Thisby was full of mysteries, but so many of them had been in existence for so long that people forgot to solve them.
Sherlock doesn’t need John to tell him that Gladstone will never run again. It doesn’t matter that John will never win Gladstone from Moriarty, because Gladstone is worthless. It doesn’t matter that John will never race Gladstone again, because Gladstone stood here when he didn’t have to. Over his shoulder, Sherlock squints against the wind and the bright cliffs that are slowly clearing of people. Moriarty’s figure is not among them, not that he sees.
Sherlock slides the log book off the podium, holding it under his arm. He awkwardly pats Mike on the shoulder, a gesture that earns him a funny look from John. “No one will suspect a thing. It’ll be back at that tavern by the morning. The drunks will only think they misplaced it.” This is an understatement -- not all the gamblers are drunks, and one or two of them are bound to notice immediately. At this early hour, gambling for the night has already begun. “Clearly, Mr Haverford and his wife are planning on benefitting over the fact that their son is now dead, with these amounts. It equates to much more than fisherman’s life savings.”
“People like us, we always have business. There must be something you want to talk about, or you wouldn’t be here. You wouldn’t have sought me out.”
John stills over Sherlock. Sherlock cracks open an eye to determine whether or not that’s the wrong thing to say. John’s looking at him, which shouldn’t embarrass him so much, given the fact that he was likely already doing that, but the gaze impales Sherlock and set his cheeks flaming anew, anyways. A perplexed tilt lifts his brows.
Without having to be asked with words by Sherlock, John sighs. His smile continues. “Alright. Yeah, alright. Come with me.” He shakes his head, and Sherlock loves him. It hurts not to say it, not to burst out with it, not to cup the feeling in his palms and offer it, offer everything, to John. “I can’t say you’ll love it.”
John shakes his head, and a man with his group pass behind him to get to the bar, though John isn’t jostled while the men call out for Janine’s bartending attention.
with nightlock before he even knew Sherlock, why couldn’t Sherlock fantasize about John taking a step further, and exiting the Races altogether?
Everything is wet, here, the entire world. Horse sweat and saltwater, John's brow is covered with it - but this is much darker. Something sinister is smeared on that mare. She's white, and it stands out against her pelt. Weak light again gleams off the shiny-wet patch on her hide as he turns.
His mum did always say that being polite was the key to everything and anything a person could want. Mycroft liked to scoff at that.
Sherlock looks down at his hand, where John touched him last, and clenches it until his knuckles turn white.
He can’t go on because John works a second finger into him, evidently understanding Sherlock without the need for vocalization. It’s more of an intrusion, but the stretch makes his head fall back, and all complaints disappear. He can feel it in his stomach, a gentle tug on his cock, the opposition of the soft pushes inside of him.
“They're villains,” Sherlock scoffs, facing the wind again. None of the force is broken like it might be down below, and hits in full his entire body, chilling him again. The same wind churns the waves far out at sea.
The starting line is not so much a line as it is a cluster of strong necks and high-riders. Gladstone is very tall, more than any other
Suddenly aware of the large space in front of him, he takes a few long steps forward. There's only three men in front of him. He closes his eyes, sees the imprint of the lights suspended above him, and takes a deep breath and tries to ignore all the noise. He steps up. Another step. Another. He fists the coins in his pocket. The clink of mugs being batted together. Someone’s fist slams into a table - lost an arm wrestling competition.
John says, “Here, let me,” and a moment later, the gate creaks, pushed by cold air and now free, “There.”
John shakes his head, as if he has practice at this sort of introduction. “Holmes. My appearance is nothing to you, this is not what I am like. This body is temporary, my way to visit the holders of the castle. I live far away, in reality, of another time.”
But wonderful John pulls the duvet off of himself, and instead reaches out. His arms aren't long enough to touch Sherlock, but… Sherlock can (hesitantly) take a hint, now. Drawing another deep breath and sighing it out, he pushes himself up from the sofa, and gets close to John, who drops a leg off in invitation. Sherlock sits carefully between the vee of his thighs, not facing the other man.
Sherlock pokes at the gatehouse, and the chapel, and then lowers his head a little to peer into the abandoned stables. Nothing.
John shifts, finally regaining some semblance of personal space, to turn a lock over the bright paddock where the half-blood mare plays with an island pony. She is often quiet, this mare, but smart. She knows when food comes and when she’ll be approached with a saddle, and she knows when she is being looked at. Island horse things.
John tugs his arm free as they begin towards the buildings of Skarmouth, where they’d come from, where Gladstone is being kept amongst the outskirts.
For the first minute of the Races, Sherlock loses sight of John, and is plagued with increasing anxiety. Although these events have already transpired, and he knows John lives, even wins these Races, he’s trying to move closer to the island.
John knows it’s what he himself has been thinking of. Perhaps Henry’s wondering what else Sherlock knows about him but didn’t say.
Sherlock does not get the opportunity to pull on his trousers - his legs would get stuck in them, anyway. John pulls a towel from the bottom drawer of his dresser and hands it off to Sherlock. Sherlock wraps it around his waist and tucks the corner into the top so that it will stay.
Going by the frequency of creaks as Sherlock strides into the foyer, no one has lived in this house for well over forty years. Dust tickles his nose, floating in streams of light pouring in through the dirty windows, and the faded wallpaper is peeling into curls by the corners of the floor.
His certainty is not so firm anymore. Their kiss hadn’t been passionate, more tender than anything, but anything resembling affection has ceded room to sobriety.
His eyes are light blue today, not like tidepools or shallow waves, but like open Thisby sky. Like Mrs Hudson’s teapots, like Redbeard’s faded saddle pad.
“What, do you think there’s a lethal amount of flour that he could’ve eaten in a single tart?” Utterly disgusting, Lestrade’s thought process is today. Sherlock tells him so and Lestrade frowns, scrubbing a hand through his silver hair, leaving it sticking out all over his head. “Draw blood, look for somewhere around… twenty or thirty milligrams of strychnine.”
The church is very old, maybe the oldest building on the island. There are some stables at the Stockyard that are around as old, evidence that people of Thisby had kept the water horses and the island ponies as long as they had worshipped a god under the sun. It's a weekday, and there isn't mass, but the church’s doors are open, as always. Coloured sunlight streams through the large stained glass window far above the altar before him. It’s a fair day outside.
‘John’ doesn't look away from the mare. He grips the top of the leather braided leadrope in one hand and uses the other to wind the iron necklace around the blonde’s halter. This is the kind of magic Thisby holds, wound tight round local throats. The sort that is folktale by day, but, in the dark, is as real as Sherlock Holmes or any man or woman on the island, the sort that only few can wield.
“He went in the barn before us,” John says, breathless, “the night of the storm. He walked through before we did.”
Inside, an enormous shape is rocking, wet fish eyes gleaming against the light in the stable. The iron locks make a faint squealing noise as John undoes them.
that cannot understand the depth of this pit of longing in which Sherlock has been waiting, wanting, watching. The air feels cold, unadjusted, but careful, the coarse salt wind and the sweetgrass drifting up against him like a body.
Sherlock squeezes John’s arm harder, firming his grasp. His fingers curl against the worn jacket, wrinkling the leather patches.
the man with the broken watch and scarred shoulder and bad leg. Someone who never truly came back out of the suicide caves the same as when he ventured into them.
Sherlock swallows, and John traces the bobbing movement with his fingertips. John has no idea what it means to have someone capture complete attention in a room, the moment he walks in. Sherlock has seen the effect on people when John appears - awe, jealousy, respect.
When Henry Knight circles around as the ceremonies are closing, it is decided. John has been briefly swallowed by some prying reporter, and so Sherlock pounces on the fleeting moment of privacy from the cameras.
Sherlock collapses to John’s side, his knees hitting the firm sand by the water, splintering sharp pain up to his hips, and throws his arms around John, unable to wait and assess him for damage. John startles, unsteady and confused, letting himself be held before returning to circle and tighten back, clutching Sherlock as if his life depends on it. Sherlock’s certainly does.
His adversary is a dreamy silhouette, backlit by the hazy orange glow of Skarmouth far behind him. Sherlock stands with his back to the cliffs, the high ocean out beyond. The outline of his body shades Moriarty’s face until he comes closer.
They are both very smart men, even Sherlock can see just how stupid Moriarty plays to please the visiting mongers. He doesn’t really care about the enormous wealth he’s acquired - what he cares about is the power that wealth has over the people on Thisby. This conversation will be short because Moriarty can see through him, as if he is nothing but salty air.
Hope is a dangerous sentiment to feel, overwhelms the logical mind, but it’s thrumming under his skin as they overtake another rider together.
It’s Watson, his dark jacket sleeves rolled up past his elbows, exposing his tanned forearms, his hands curled into tight angry fists. They’re not shaking. The firelight dances orange over his face and his clothes and his whole body, glinting off the watch on his right wrist. When he looks like this, his lips are a thin line, and there is something to behold in his dark eyes, no longer the colour of the clear sea. They’re coal-black, the same shade as the night and as the ocean tonight.
The cigarette burns his thigh. He brushes it quickly off, not caring if it lands on the dusty carpet or the hardwood floor. He stares.
He’ll get the bales tomorrow. People in Tholla know him, ever since that interesting case last summer with the homicide-turned-suicide, but the town's divided in two ever since some age-old quarrel between two patriarchs, and so Sherlock isn't exactly sure of where he stands. Skarmouth still has his heart, it's his town. Redbeard will eat his expensive food, and win the Races for Sherlock.
The bottom of the cavern is littered with not only the pebbles that have been pushed in from the shore by the water, but old pieces of shells, cracked and almost crushed into sand, beaten against the sides of the cave when the tide comes in. Given the time, they should have a few hours yet. Conches (“
Neither of them has noticed he came in behind them. To draw attention, Sherlock sweeps across the room, snags a photograph from where John has methodically tried to dry them, and crosses back to sit on a kitchen chair. It’s not very soft, made of wood instead of plush cushion, and so it makes his back ache. He studies the damp photograph anyways.
It's his own furniture (almost?) but he's anxious about sitting down. John flips the duvet back so that it's all on his lap as Sherlock sits on the space John indicated. He's too close, isn't he? He should move.
John goes on, voice dragging over gravel, “I think I was supposed to be him. I wanted you to have friends - I wanted to be with you, even when you were a kid.” He stops. Breathes. Feels air move through his body. “Thought that maybe I could change it all, I guess?”
John clears his throat, “Give me a moment,” he says just as acutely as Sherlock has, and puts on his shoes, brushing off the thighs of his pants. His voice is so rough from sleep it sends shivers all down Sherlock’s back.
Adler looks at him, her red lips curved in a dangerous smile. Sherlock doesn’t want to be looked at like this. Not by anyone. But especially not by her, not right now. He doesn’t need to be questioned. His countenance stays neutral, and he is determined for Adler to cut his finger. She wraps her cold fingers around his wrist. There is a wink of pain, though the blade is sharp. The bonfire roars, one side of his face burning with its intensity.
Lestrade blows out a breath. He doesn't understand it any more than Sherlock. First mint green, and now this? Without acknowledgement, Sherlock proceeds further into the house, keeping watch and a running list in his head of all the strange decor.
Sherlock grinds his teeth. “She had the sigil drawn on her flank. Same as the mare from last year, the one that ran into you, caused Gladstone to bite. Moriarty arranged to have them both drawn to goad the mares into attacking you. You were -
Redbeard is frightened and working harder to streak in front, but Sherlock pulls him up. They cannot leave John here alone - but if they fall any further back, the fray streaking up behind will swallow the three of them. Redbeard throws his head in alarm and his ears flay back, flicking salty sweat and pinning against his skull.
“Right. Just. Stay away from the cliffs.” The only warmth in the air comes from John’s breath, flattening over the back of Sherlock’s ear and neck.
John grins and looks down as if bashful. Sherlock’s heart goes heavy, and he sharply inhales the smarting air, so much so that the back of his nose aches and he can almost feel his lips crack. He licks them, and glances away to the beach. A dun mare is running back and forth along the tract of useable beach. After making a note on his paper about it, John looks back up.
one. The old witch, the poisoned apple, the deep sleep. But I think my favorite part,” Moriarty cracks the book back open, leaning back on his chair. Sherlock glances at an embellished letter opener on his desk.
To try and look the part, he rolls his white sleeves up to his elbows, which reavaling the pockmarked scars at the corners of his elbows, and unbuttons the first button on his grey waistcoat as he makes his way close to the cliffs, eyes flickering over the figure of every man that slides by. He can feel his semblance of a disguise not working, dressed too posh for a place like this. His limbs feel like seaweed, wobbly and unsure yet refusing to lose his nerve. There are exciting things here, just as there are dangerous things.
Now, Sherlock does, too. The old man on the hill, the rich king, the mirror on the wall. The obsession that isn’t so much a broad fascination with Thisby, but one with Sherlock in particular. John is distinctly disquieted.
“Holmes, there’s never been an island pony running on that beach unless it was running away from a water horse.” The mill worker on the ground says. Sherlock can see his arm’s getting tired. Maybe he’ll drop it, walk away, and go home.
He places the knight in the courtyard, right in the middle. Brief pause. Sherlock adjusts it. “There,” He says quietly, accompanied with a faint spark of pride, because there’s no one here to see him, so what’s the harm? “Where’s your helmet gone, hm? And your sword?”
To make up for the disappointment that that completely did not cause, Sherlock decides to tackle the comment from moments ago, drawing back the reins so Redbeard’s head doesn’t slouch like it’s doing now. Sherlock opens his mouth, but, beating him to the punch, Redbeard blows out through his nose with his mouth shut. A greeting sound, staring up and over at Gladstone.
To test John’s resolve, this teasing that is obviously purposeful, Sherlock wriggles, sinking his back deeper into the plush mattress. John’s slick hand slides over Sherlock’s thigh instead of between his legs, where Sherlock wants it to go. John skims the dipping notch between his hip and navel, extending warmth and electric delight.
They're sitting by the cliffs that overlook the racing beach, sans both of their horses. John has his blue notebook out, and his stopwatch. Written inside the stained yellow pages are various times, dates, horse names and small paragraphs about each one, notes on how they move, how their riders think, how much they long for the ocean. Sherlock has the quilt wrapped over his shoulders and a thermos in his chilly grip. John hadn't thought his coat was enough, and so this silly thermos had been pushed into his hands out of the blue.
All forms of relaxation born when Watson laughed are gone. Sherlock is nearly trembling with anger. His hands, white-knuckled and clutching the leather reins so hard that the folds cut into his palms, are shaking. He purposefully lowers them to the horn of the saddle so Watson won't see.
Two mugs, sitting together, one filled with coffee, and the other, tea. He reaches for the tea with an outstretched hand, but the ceramic glaze painted with ornate green carnations splinters with heavy weight of his longing.
“I know you know,” John laughs, returning his hands. Both of them go around Sherlock to grasp Gladstone’s mane, tying knots. Sherlock must remember to ask John about that. He so despises charms, do knots count?
Surprised, John glances up at him, then squints. What does this man think he knows about Sherlock? Whatever it is, John knows a lot more. He passes over a few rocks in the paddock, the mare’s hooves trample the sweetgrass. “I don’t think he really ever guesses at all. He’s just brilliantly clever.”
