“What?” Steve asked, not able to control the smile. The comment contrasted so much with the fond smile.
There were some grunting and huffing and sounds of a tape being stretched. Steve didn’t want to think about the details and tried focusing on something else. Just think of something else. He fidgeted on the couch, not able to get a very vivid image out of his head, one that made him feel ashamed. It was for the best that Red Velvet couldn’t see him, he had a feeling she would figure him out right away.
This situation could lead to many different outcomes, but the one Tony didn’t expect was that, that Steve would start to laugh. And he was laughing, loud and clear, as hearing the best joke ever.
“He is?” Loki raised an eyebrow, looking back at Tony. “Always craving attention, don’t you, Velvet?”
“You didn’t use a breastplate,” Steve mentally facepalmed himself as soon as the words left his mouth. Despite not using fake bosom, Red Velvet still presented a pair of nice, round ones.
Tony could use some comfort. But his source of comfort was a lot of floors up, stuck in his own work environment, probably grounded during one of the infamous debriefings that went on and on. Even if Steve thrived in such setting, it was draining to take part and there were a lot of such meetings scheduled to happen before the end of the year.
"Is that Tony?" Sarah asked in a surprised whisper, leaning closer to Sam and clapping enthusiastically with everyone else. Impressed was not a big enough word. She saw some of Tony's drag looks earlier, but only in photos and seeing this beautiful woman live was a different experience.
"Um, Peter - " Ned, being the good friend he was, tried to get Peter's attention, which was difficult as Peter started to march and sing.
Red Velvet laughed, smiling at him softly, and Steve looked away, feeling a blush on his face. Well, it didn’t have to be said.
"Steve, catch him!" Tony called, watching Figaro getting ready to jump into the crib. As for such a huge cat, Figaro was very gracious and easily jumped between Steve's hands, softly landing on the mattress next to screaming Peter. At first, Peter didn't notice the cat, but then Peter's brown, wet eyes met with Figaro's vivid green ones, and the full-blown crying slowly dimmed down into whimpers once again. Figaro didn't move, just looked at the baby, having some silent conversation. Steve watched cautiously, ready to interfere at any moment. Figaro wasn't an aggressive cat, but who knew if he wouldn't suddenly lash out. Tony ran to the crib, standing next to Steve and watching the situation unfold with a rapidly beating heart.
"Nonsense, he likes the attention. Our cat diva," Tony brushed Steve off. Steve only growled, knowing that there were two divas in the room. "And tell me that this isn't the cutest thing you have ever seen!" he turned to Steve with a smile, holding two pretty plush toys of Figaro, one in Captain America gear, the other one in Iron Man suit.
"You should try it too by the way," Sam said, handing Steve a bag with bread, and not knowing when Sam had sneaked a small round loaf of sourdough inside. "Being in drag," Sam hinted when Steve didn't catch on.
Steve didn't answer at first, the edge of the bowl pressed to his lips as he slurped out the sweetened milk. When he looked at Tony, he had milk mustache on his upper lip and smiled teasingly. "Oh? So you will talk about me behind my back?"
"Honey?!" Tony called from the kitchen table, arranging the fresh veggies around the homemade dips, when the doorbell rang, "can you get that?"
Someone called but Steve and Red already walked away from the chaos, Red watching Steve taking his jacket.
"That's all I am asking," Red hummed, putting a headband on her head and reaching for the white foundation.
"Oh, never again, huh?" Tony asked, looking at Steve, his eyes sparkling in humor, accepting the invitation to play. They both needed that moment of silly closeness. "And how do you plan to do that?"
"So, who is coming?" Steve asked, trying to keep his curiosity at minimum, and not be too noisy what exactly Tony would say about him.
"Hey, guys!" Bucky called from downstairs and Tony jumped nervously, wary of loud noises. Was it one more thing, Stone made him afraid of? "Pizza straight from the oven! Frozen. But I put extra cheese on it, should be good!"
Sarah followed the bouncer, feeling a little overwhelmed. The interior of the night bar was cozy, with nice, wooden furniture and subtly lit, giving a private, comfortable feeling.
“Mmmmhm,” Steve hummed, holding Red Velvet around the narrow waist, their lips pressed together. Somehow, the lipstick didn’t feel sticky at all and Red smelled and tasted delicious and Steve never wanted to let her go.
"Nicely?!" Steve squeaked out, the pain still prickling his nerve endings. It wasn't an experience he wanted to repeat. How Tony could do it to himself every month?
Steve nodded because it did sound reasonable. Then the quote seemed oddly familiar… "Wait, isn't that from
"You should be," Tony said back, sounding and looking in pain. Steve didn't have to ask to know that Tony was afraid. He was afraid for his family. Afraid how far Stone would go. Steve couldn't let that continue. He wouldn't allow that kind of harassment right under his nose.
With a smile on his lips, Steve trotted to the door, but changed his mind last second and sat back on the couch, where he had a nice view of his lady getting ready. Red raised her eyebrow at that.
“Wait,” he gasped out in the kiss, when the girl hooked a leg around his, getting closer, the heat of their bodies mingling together. “Please wait,” he asked weakly, not protesting when Red Velvet rubbed against him, the slippery material of her dress causing the nicest friction against his shirt.
Tony was right, and it didn’t hurt to remind themselves where the other was the most ticklish, but it certainly involved a lot of laughter and one of the best naps they ever had.
Suddenly, Peter took a lungful of air. Steve already panicked, knowing the drill - Peter would cry out, Figaro would get scared, angered, and sharp claws would meet with soft baby skin. Tony clutched to Steve's arm, fearing the same scenario to happen.
"Aaah, it is good to feel smooth again!" Red walked out, stretching in her small, gold robe. "See you next month, Nat."
"Eeep!" Peter squeaked when strong fingers dug into his sides and prodded into the skin. "Pops noohahahahaa!"
"So, what brings you here?" Red Velvet asked, curling in the corner of the couch and patting the cushions next to her, motioning for Steve to sit down. "Lately you only show up minutes before my show."
"Aw, I missed you too - " Tony's voice stopped when instead of the anticipated kiss, Steve dropped on his knees and held Tony around thighs, burying his face into Tony's stomach. "What the - Steheheve!" Tony giggled when Steve's nose brushed all over the soft material of his shirt.
Tony’s shoulders shook with a laugh because it was one of the least sexy things said in the sexiest way. “You don’t like hot sauce. You say it burns your tongue.”
"Why are we standing here?" Sarah smiled, giving the couple some space. "Dinner is on the table, take off your shoes and wash your hands-" she ordered, falling in a motherly routine and Tony opened his mouth, knowing that he had to set things clear first.
The frown on Steve's face just got deeper. Luckily, Tony finally showed up, walking at a fast pace, late for his drag routine.
"Tony!" Bucky called, and Tony raised his eyebrow, not realizing that they became so close since yesterday. "Steve's - Steve's in trouble!" he managed to get out between gasps for air.
One day Steve would love to have a job he could be so passionate about as Sam was about his bakery. Working in an art shop had its pluses, like steady hours, steady pay, a lot of free time. Downsides were working with not always sure what they searched for customers and countless hours of rearranging misplaced art supplies. What Steve really wanted was to teach art. Somehow, he never had the courage to take that step. Maybe one day.
"Wait, Sarah," Tony started, pausing when Sarah looked at him, giving him his full attention and that startled him a bit. There was no easy way to say it, and he just needed to get it out. "I am sorry. For misleading you," Tony said, his voice shaking a bit and shoulders sagging down. "And those are for you," he handed the bouquet, his voice flat, "thanks for… having me over."
Somehow hearing Steve’s voice made this situation very real and not like Tony imagined it. He couldn’t say anything from the tone of Steve’s voice, it was neutral, not angry, but also wasn’t the cheerful, loving one Steve had towards him. On usual days, Steve would come to him, resembling an excited puppy and lick his face - kiss, Tony meant kiss, and then they would sit on the couch and share their day. Their bedroom was a private, closed space and once Tony set his foot there, there was no way back.
"I don't like bullies," Steve replied immediately. Tony curled in himself, hoping for a different answer, but it was a stupid, naive thought to start with.
A blood-curdling scream ripped out from Steve's throat when he saw one of the most terrifying sights in his life. Before entering the bathroom, he tried to imagine what he might see - he pictured Tony, in a bubble bath, some grey goop smeared over his face, just the usual set while Steve would say something charming and witty, like that Tony was already pretty and didn't need all this stuff and Tony would smile at him, the drying mask cracking a little with the movement. Then Steve would do his business, wash hands and go, like if he never was there. Instead, he ended screaming his lungs out in sheer terror.
“Just one more finishing touch,” Red Velvet said, walking to the vanity station. She patted in some more white foundation into her lips and used a red lip pencil to draw a pair of heart-shaped lips, so different from Tony’s lips and yet so fitting. Her hand hovered over the many lipsticks before she chose a one and applied it in a skilled, slow move. Then transparent lipgloss to give it some shine. “I usually like to do it as the last thing,” she replied, making a kissy face in the mirror and checking if the lipstick was applied evenly and wasn’t on her teeth.
"… Wait, you said, Steve, right? As in little punk Steve?" Tootsie frowned before Steve nodded enthusiastically. After having the confirmation, both men let out a happy scream and ran into each other arms. "Steve! It had been what? Twenty years?!"
"Are you complaining?" Tony asked, pressing himself to his husband and grabbing by the collar, pulling him down. "Because if you are, I am not above spanking you to put you back in order, soldier," Tony purred out, their lips brushing together.
Arrow rolled her eyes and jutted her hip. “You’re straight, I get it,” she replied, walking away, her high heels clanking gently on the wooden floor.
“No! Of course not!” Steve quickly assured, taking Tony’s hand in his. “I am just glad that I finally have a proof that you are a human being,” he continued to laugh.
Steve pecked Tony's lips once more and moved away, slightly opening the door leading to the changing room and peaking his head in. "Hey, so -"
“Woah,” Steve gaped, taking in what he was seeing. He quickly scrolled up, his face becoming heated, unsure what he just saw. For a minute, he turned the tablet in his hands, trying to decide if it really belonged to Tony and not someone else, but who else would have a hot red and gold cover, resembling the design of the Iron Man suit. It had to be Tony’s tablet, which meant…
“Oh, I would almost forget,” she suddenly said, taking a small jar in her hand. “It is better to apply them before the lashes. If you are grossed out by someone touching their eyeballs, I would advise you to look away,” she looked into the mirror and at Steve, who shook his head. He wanted to see the whole process. “As you wish,” Red Velvet grinned cheekily, pulling her eyelids wide open. A few quick moves later, and brown eyes disappeared, blue irises taking over their place. Some glue, some mascara and a pair of fake eyelashes later Red Velvet was looking at Steve.
Somehow Tony being a cat person didn't surprise Steve at all. Even with his goatee and groomed appearance he resembled a cat.
Running at Steve was pretty much like running into a brick wall. His pops was solid muscles, great for bear hugs, but Peter never saw anyone knocking his father down.
"You won't find out until you try, honey," Red said, putting her hands on Steve's cheeks and urging him to eye contact. Together, they did many things none of them dared to do alone. Whatever Steve meant, it would be just another thing Tony would support him on and celebrate if succeeded or comfort if failed. "And If you fly or if you fall, least you can say you gave it all."
“Sure,” Steve lied, standing up. They said their goodbyes and he watched Tony leave, just to see him as Red Velvet this evening. Or…
"That's great, Tony," Steve smiled, feeling something warm in his chest. "I am proud of you," he said, not thinking that he might be crossing some line here.
With a huff, Steve sat up, not understanding how he got involved in this mess. Obviously, until Tony won't come out, Figaro won't calm down, and if Figaro won't calm down, Steve won't get any sleep. There was only one logical solution.
“HA!” Steve laughed, maybe a bit too loud, but the sound got lost in the already getting crowded room, and Sam’s terrified look was just too priceless. Sam was someone Steve liked to call a closet baker, he could make the most amazing cakes, learning his whole life from his mom who was a master baker. It was obvious that one day he would take over the family business and continue to supply New York with delicious, homemade cupcakes and pastries.
Tony listened to the story, smiling warmly, his fingers positioned delicately at the edge of the photo. He was looking at a photo of two boys - both in dirty clothes and with red, swollen eyes, clearly from crying and stubborn looks on their faces. The dark-haired boy had a split, bruised lip, the blond boy a black eye. Bucky and Steve. His drag daughter and his boyfriend. Tony couldn't stop smiling.
Tony stared, swallowing heavily. He fully knew that Steve was capable of that, and it wouldn’t be the first time it happened either. Usually, it involved handcuffs and some feathers, or an electric toothbrush and baby oil on the days Steve felt more sadistic. Tony didn’t regret any of such events.
Slowly it came back to him. Tony yelling about Steve following him during Avengers missions and not giving him any space to work. Steve shouting back that he only wanted to keep him safe. More screaming that Iron Man didn't need a bodyguard and Steve yelling that Tony's fighting style was too reckless and he was just a regular guy in an expensive suit of armor and Tony snapped, pointing out that not everyone was an obedient, perfect soldier. They both said things that hurt but never meant to push the other away.
So far, there were two moments in Tony’s life when he completely broke. One when he was fourteen, second when he was twenty-one years old. The third moment came in his life when he was in his forties, cuddled in his boyfriend’s lap, feeling loved and accepted on every imaginable level. Steve was honored to share this moment and let his boyfriend cry and whispered soothing things, feeling that they both needed to run into a brick wall and that running together was easier than doing it alone.
“Um, this is how we do it. Usually, outside and out of drag, everyone calls me by my male name. In drag or in here, we address each other by our drag names,” Tony explained, “and by the way, Loki is our second bodyguard.”
"We are Red's friends, she told us to be here today," the woman said with a nice smile, waving to Tootsie behind the bar, the girl waving back at her. "I am Lady Mint," the woman said, gesturing to herself. She looked quite colorful, in a multicolored tie-dye kaftan, beautiful makeup and with a head full of platinum blond hair reaching her chin, teased and puffed out to perfection. "And this handsome man is James Rhodes," she introduced and the man smiled friendly.
"Shhh, I am checking," Steve said thoughtfully, not bothered by his boyfriend's laughed out protest and squirming. "Seems a bit smaller," Steve mused out, using one hand to test all the soft spots on the trembling belly and kneading Tony's left side.
“Ah - hahaha!” Tony tossed his head back as ten fingers slowly scratched at his sides, picking the soft spot between the hip and the last rib. It sent ticklish shivers all over his body, but he was too warm and comfortable to move away. “Youhuhu watch your mouthhahaha!” Tony retorted, his sleepy mind not giving him a better remark.
Steve looked at Tony, not understanding at first. Oh, right. Tony didn't kick him out. It was Steve who decided that it all was too much and had stormed out, anger dictating his moves and he needed to get away before things could escalate.
Tony rarely shared this story, feeling guilty and ashamed until many years later, already after his parent’s death, he opened to his drag mom. ‘You were lucky’ she said, and Tony only nodded, tears gathering in his eyes. He had avoided a severe beating back then or maybe even something worse. 'You think this is how it would end?’ she asked, her voice rising in disbelief. 'She was scared. Not of you and who you are, but what will happen to you,’ she continued and it was the first time Tony ever saw it like that. More details came back to him - his mother’s shaking hand, the glossy look of her eyes when they made eye contact, the tremble of her seemingly calm voice. He grew up in different times, times when drag was just resurfacing from the underground world and caused controversy, dividing people and families. The revelation was as painful as running into a brick wall, but this time, he didn’t break his bones against the bricks, but burst through the wall, tearing it down, reunited with everything he locked on the other side. His mom always had his back. His mom never stopped loving him because of that one evening. And maybe, maybe his dad wouldn’t stop loving him either and maybe if they were not taken away from him, they would continue to love him and support him. And Tony had cried once more, just like years back in his mother’s lap, just this time the material under his cheeks wasn’t cool, silver satin, but a scratchy, blue sequin fabric of his drag mom’s dress.
“Hi cutie,” he grinned. “The baby. Not you,” he added, glancing up at Steve. “Not that you’re not cute, but you’re kind of outshone by this one.”
“You gonna stand there all night?” Steve teased. “I believe I was promised quiet by passionate love?”
“Come on, man,” Clint began, feeling more awkward than he’d ever been in his life. This was worse than the time he asked Bobbi Morse out in ninth grade. “We’ve all seen you and Stark tonight. You two, you’re… Well, you’re not exactly subtle.”
He continued in his exploration, discovering a room with a fake bookcase with “books” hiding secret shelves, a great room bigger than his whole apartment which was suffering from severe water damage, two kitchens - for some reason - and a dining room.
“You started it,” Steve grinned. “Hey.” He turned towards Bucky, leaning one elbow on the counter. “You knew it was going to be hard. And I know from experience that knowing it’s going to be hard doesn’t prepare you for the reality of how hard it is. I don’t know if being over there yourself makes it better or worse. But I know that watching him get on that plane every time, it’s the hardest thing I’ll ever do. And I went through rehab with him.”
Steve ignored him. He sat up, shuffling closer until he could slide his arms around Tony’s waist and hook his chin over his shoulder.
“Thanks to an incident with Loki and a shared decontamination shower, I can confirm, yes, everything,” Tony grinned. “Hey. Steve. I like you. Whether you’re smart or not.”
Tony smiled, brushing his lips against Steve’s jaw. “I’ll be waiting in the car to pick up the pieces when you’re ready.”
It helped that of all the insults that Tony had hurled at him on the helicarrier, not one of them had been about how an omega couldn’t be Captain America or that he refused to take orders from an omega.
“Hi honey,” Hank replied. “I hope Lang wasn’t bothering you in there.” He glanced over his shoulder. “He has a habit of getting in people’s way.”
“Definitely,” Tony nodded. “So. What was your best arrest?” he grinned, folding his arms on the table and leaning forward.
“May, nineteen eighty seven,” he replied. “Finals week. I forgot what daylight was. I forgot the taste of vegetables - seriously, I almost had scurvy. I forgot what a bed was. Then, finally,
“I’ve never seen…” Tony frowned, ignoring Steve’s poor attempt at a joke. “They always made me look human in pictures. It never looked… You’re good.”
“Hey you. I’ll be right down,” Steve promised. “Angie,” he yelled as he padded back to his bedroom. “That’s Tony.”
“I think he’s a drug addict,” Stark explained, his voice low. “Look at the pattern of injuries. It sounds crazy, but I think he’s doing them to himself to get the hit. He claims to be in way more pain than I’d expect for a surface wound, but when he thought I wasn’t looking, he relaxed and got angry when I asked him about it.”
The foreman of the jury stood and a hush of anticipation filled the room. Steve’s eyes flickered towards Nefaria, and for the first time, he thought he saw a flicker of doubt in his eyes. And if Nefaria was worried, that had to be a good sign, right?
Thank you so much to everyone who has kudos, commented, or subscribed to this story. You are all wonderful! ❤️
Tony glanced up at the Technical Press Inc. sign, the innocuous shell corporation covering up the fact it was the Maggia’s main warehouse.
“Yeah, no shit,” Tony snapped. “It’s been ten years, and I wasn’t exactly getting the right kind of food before they died. Howard wasn’t interested in keeping me healthy. Only one thing he wanted me to be, and it was something I was
“Yeah, well, if I was okay with doing nothing, I wouldn’t have become a doctor,” he pointed out, feeling a brief flare of his earlier anger returning.
Steve chuckled and leaned down, pressing a kiss to her belly and breathing in her scent, a perfect blend of Arnie’s scent and his own.
Then a blur of red and gold shot past the camera and Steve gasped as he began to breathe again. But whatever momentary relief he felt at the sight of Tony was quickly replaced by fear.
Following the Starks’ deaths in 2011, the house was inherited by Tony Stark, although he does not live in it. It has since fallen into disrepair. An attempt by Mariah Carey to buy it in 2015 for $15m was turned down with a statement that the house is not for sale.
“There’s enough ice-cream for everyone,” Tony added. “But only if you eat your vegetables, and don’t fight with your sisters.” He grinned at Steve, “That’s the right thing to say, isn’t it?”
By the time he closed the webpage, Steve had a list of three names as the most likely candidates, their websites saved in his bookmarks for later. Dr. Helen Cho was at the top of the list, and Steve spent a long time staring at the
“So, breaking the internet?” Tony said, handing Ellie another piece of cucumber, despite the fact she still had the original piece in her other hand.
Natasha smiled back at her lovingly. What was going on? Was there something in the water? Scott wondered. He’d been awkwardly third-wheeling way too many couples tonight already.
People said that about him all the time, usually with scorn or anger in their tone. But with Pepper, it was just a fact. No judgement. Simply an acknowledgement of a skill.
Yanking his shirt off, Tony tossed it onto the floor before leaning forward and grinding his palm against Steve’s cock. Steve let out a strangled noise, arching his back and drawing his knees up as two spots of colour sprung up on his cheeks.
Steve chuckled, snuggling back into the cushions. “Are you okay to be here? I don’t wanna get you sick.”
Sighing, he untangled his laces, grimacing when he poured water out of his boots before tossing them aside. He wrestled himself out of his socks, wringing them out and dropping them on the floor by his abandoned t-shirt. At least he’d decided to wear board shorts today instead of jeans; they would dry quickly.
If you're not ready to say goodbye to this verse just yet, I have good news: I've already started working on part 2. This is now part of a series so head over there to subscribe to the series to know as soon as I start posting.
“You are so beautiful, Steve. So unbelievably beautiful. I’d say you look like something out of my wildest dreams, but not even my brain could’ve created something as perfect as you.”
“That’s cold,” Steve told him. “Real cold. Oh. Oh, God, it’s getting worse. Please. Please, come on.” He pretended to try and scratch his nose against his shoulder. “You gotta help me. Please. You do this and I’ll shut up. And you can scroll through Tinder to your heart’s content.”
“Good afternoon,” the Principal began, stepping up to the podium and drawing every eye in the room - except for the shop teacher in the third row, who was snoring quietly against his neighbour’s shoulder - including, to Steve’s relief, the blonde woman. “Thank you all for coming, I promise we won’t keep you long.”
Steve glanced around the room and felt a wave of guilt. The place was a mess, and it was all because his lazy ass had spent the last three days on the couch because he just couldn’t deal with something as simple as a holiday. What kind of idiot couldn’t deal with taking a holiday?
They ditched Natasha, Angie and Bruce a few hours later, stumbling out of the club and into a taxi where it was torture to keep his hands mostly off of Tony, but Steve saw the logic in it when Tony whispered the risk of the cab’s CCTV footage being leaked or posted online. But it was damned hard, especially when Tony kept trailing his fingers up the inseam of Steve’s jeans.
“I’m good. I’m gonna go meet Daniel. His court date got postponed so we’re getting coffee, and then I’m going out with Steph.”
Clint rolled his eyes, noticing Wanda eyeing Tony’s abs and feeling a surge of annoyance because, whatever, Stark’s abs weren’t
He scrolled through the usual list of notifications on his phone as he walked, scratching idly at his hip, ignoring the notifications from Candy Crush, Make-a-Match, and Flappy Bird in favour of scrolling through Instagram. He double-tapped Daniel’s photo of the girls sprawled across the couch, adding a row of heart-eye emojis to the comments while flicking the kettle on with his other hand.
“Come on,” the asshole - tall, broad-shouldered and suited, looking nothing like Josie’s usual clientele - shouted. “Who cares? I wanna see the game. Turn this shit off.”
Steve’s heart leaped. Turning his head, he pressed a kiss into the centre of Tony’s palm. “Good. Because I’m not going anywhere.” He picked up his phone. “Ready to do this?”
“MREs are horrifying,” Tony corrected, tilting his head back to grin up at Steve. “This is delicious.”
Tony laughed, leaning forward, his hands encircling Steve’s neck and holding him steady. A beat, and Steve’s breath caught, looking into Tony’s eyes and memorising all the different shades of brown and flecks of gold. He’d stared into Tony’s eyes a thousand times before, but Steve doubted he’d ever truly manage to memorise every detail, even if he spent a thousand lifetimes trying. And he was willing to do just that.
“I tore apart the Dreadnought from LA, but it doesn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know. Except what all the parts we found were for. They completely evacuated while we were fighting those things. They were ready, like they knew we’d find them eventually. There was a whole escape plan and now we don’t know where they are.”
“I wanna be in this for the long haul too, Tony,” Steve said. “I do. But I might get scared sometimes. Because of what happened before.”
t-shirt. Falling back onto the mattress, Steve grabbed the pillow and pummelled it into shape before flopping back down with a huff and rolling onto his front. He slept fitfully, and his weird mood persisted into the new week. Angie gave up trying to get him to talk about it, but she did snitch on him to Peggy. Which meant he had Peggy on his case until Daniel, bless him, managed to convince Peggy to drop it. Steve was eternally grateful.
“I love you too,” Steve replied. He sat back and Tony lifted his arm automatically to make room for him. Steve tucked his head under Tony’s chin; Tony kissed his forehead and held him tight as they sat in silence. Slowly, he felt Steve’s tremors subside, but Tony knew they would be avoiding elevators for the foreseeable future again, same as they did every time his claustrophobia flared up.
Tony shifted onto his back, tipping his head back to glance around what was the ballroom of Castello Malvagio and was now a mess of broken marble and dust, several small fires scattered around the room as people lay at awkward angles.
Steve grabbed his phone and his hearing aid from their chargers, double checking he had his inhaler and epipen, then picked up his keys from the bowl on his way out of the door. He jogged down the stairs to the street level, letting himself out and instantly spotting Tony leaning against a town car, his arms folded over his Ghostbuster’s costume.
“Okay.” He took a deep breath, then blurted out, “I need you to go to breakfast tomorrow with Dodgy Darren so he’ll do a tattoo removal on Gary for CT, because apparently when he got drunk he decided it was a great idea to get Stark’s face tattooed on his arm, and unless I get him the tattoo removal, he won’t do a CT scan on my patient and because your dad keeps cracking down on the budgets, she can’t get a scan because she can’t afford insurance in this messed up country. So. What do you say?”
“I like the idea of being on the level with you,” Tony smiled and Steve had to lean in and steal another kiss.
"You read my mind," Tony giggled happily, letting Steve pull him up from the bed. It was high time for them both to spend some time together and a shared breakfast was a good start.
’ three hardest words ever. The answer had came seconds later and Steve was terrified to look at it, afraid of losing his best friend. None of that happened and Sam kept it short and precise. ’
"He was always of smaller posture," Sarah said in a warm, motherly voice that showed how concerned she was for her son back then, "he got sick almost all the time. It was because he was such a picky eater! Nothing ever tasted right to him, he just wanted to eat white bread and cheese and ketchup."
Tony’s smile grew together with the warm feeling inside him. No matter how busy Steve was, he always managed to find some time for him. Seeing that that was settled, Tony just sent a red heart emoji, receiving a blue one back, and put his phone away. There was this pain in his back, so he stretched, reaching his hands up, thinking that before Steve would show himself he should get some work done, before who knows when he would resume. Feeling a new boost of energy, Tony sat back at the workbench.
Steve could just agree with a smile and then followed his queen on the adventure in the cosmetic shop, as the loyal knight he was.
"That's sweet," Tony smiled, "and you will be always handsome to me, even when you sneeze your lungs out and get teary-eyed," Tony joked, meaning the allergies attack.
Tony cooed and blew a kissy face in Steve’s direction. “This is my favorite one,” he said, turning back to the baskets and taking out another bomb and putting it close to Steve. It was red with white swirls and looked like it had some glitter in it, with a stamped crown on it. Steve smelled it and the fragrance was a bit stronger than the previous bomb but still pleasant. It reminded him of sweet, red apples. He read the name tag and couldn’t help but to laugh.
"Is this the joint my daughter performs at?!" Bianca del Rio shouted in her microphone in her characteristic loud voice, everyone clapping at her and confirming. "Good, because all those bars smell the same to me," more laughter when Bianca displayed some of her typical sarcastic humor, "and where is my lovely - DEAR GOD, Red, is that you?!" she bellowed out, looking at the stage and at still shocked Red Velvet, "what happened to you?! You look TERRIBLE!" she added, meaning the lack of her trademark color.
“I am not ashamed of being with you!” Steve yelled, attracting some attention to them. Tony blinked, slightly taken aback.
"I was asked to escort you to your table. Please come with me," the bouncer said, swiftly navigating through the crowd of customers gathering outside the Olive and Sarah followed.
"Hey, shhh," Tony took Steve's hand and squeezed it, trying to get him back. When their eyes met, Steve's blue ones showed a lot of uncertainty, while Tony's brown ones were calm. "I understand you are worried, but it was one thing, Steve. One thing that was easily fixed with some pills for allergies."
“Ahhh, not sure if I want to give you access to that sort of power,” Tony teased, opening the app. “Huh, people kinda hate you.”
"I am gonna give it a taste," she said, delicately peeling the wrapper off, "you know, red velvet is actually very difficult to make… Too much food dye, and it will be bitter. Too little and it will become dry. It is a tricky cake," she said, biting in. Even though she didn't have any makeup on yet, Steve saw the difference. Tony took big bites, almost in a gluttonous way, always getting his mouth dirty. Here, she took a small, dainty bite, quickly wiping off the frosting off her lips.
"If you are lucky," Tony sighed, yet, he still took a hot dog, because he was hungry after all that running. Steve was undeterred. He looked forward to watching the game and managed to get some really good seats. The tribunes were filling up with people and the basketball game was about to start, just when Tony was finishing the first hot dog.
“Ladies and gentleman, may I have your attention please!” came a voice from the intercom and the lights dimmed slowly, leaving a spotlight on the stage. Steve whipped around to face the stage and finally bashed his knee, but he couldn’t care less about the pain, looking expectantly at the stage.
"You came here for your order?" Sam asked, straightening up and wiping hands in his apron. The dough was resting under a clean cloth, needing time to rise. "I had to test out a few recipes before I came up with a one I was pleased with," he handed Steve a pink box with a bow and the bakery's logo stamped in one corner.
Tony started to smile in relief. It was really happening. Steve accepted one of Tony’s darkest secrets and even wanted to take part in it. Tony could barely wrap his mind around it, already feeling excited and giddy.
"You need any help, ma?" Steve called after Sarah and took his shoes off, as the woman already moved back into the kitchen.
"This wasn't what I meant by you doing something!" Tony yelled back, trying to contain purring Figaro in his arms.
The interview started a bit stiff, but it was all on Steve’s part, who couldn’t shake off his nervousness. Tony was open and relaxed, answering the questions the best he could, why still keeping some mystery aura around himself. Steve found out, that Tony’s love for drag came out from love for fashion and makeup and how it was considered a forbidden fruit in the environment he was growing up, with a strict father and a loving mother. His father planted in Tony a love for engineering and cars and machines, while he used his mother’s vast wardrobe and makeup supplies, and the first time he tried on high heels was a magical experience, even if a second later he face planted into the floor as he had tripped himself over. It was tough to find a balance between his male and female side. He never came out to his parents and then, when he turned twenty, he was deprived of the occasion by a careless driver and a head-on collision with his parents’ car, left with regret and unknown. And then he found a new family. A family that supported him, taught him tricks of the trade and polished his makeup skills and sense of taste, and out of it all, a new person was born, the part Tony tried to suppress for years. Red Velvet came into existence.
Steve took off his shoes and washed his hands, before preparing breakfast. Something simple and tasty, so he sliced some fruit and put on the platter, preparing the eggs and milk mixture for the French toasts. He sliced some thick pieces of the soft brioche, wanting it to soak nicely, but before that, he would have to call Tony over, so the brioche won't fall apart. Steve entered the bedroom, seeing Tony in the exact same position, still going on and on on the phone, not even noticing him.
The clip ended as suddenly as it began, the playlist automatically moving on to the next video. This time it came from a news report in the wake of the Battle of New York. The anchor’s voice talked about how no one knew the full details of the origin of the nuke Iron Man was seen carrying through the portal, but Steve tuned her out, resting his chin against his fist and feeling his heart clench as Tony fell through the air far too quickly until the camera’s view was blocked by buildings. Steve knew objectively that Bruce, as the Hulk, caught Tony and he woke up, perfectly fine, only minutes later.
“Uh huh. Okay, follow up question: where did the dog come from? And is he missing an eye?” Tony frowned, picking up a tortilla from the plate Natasha placed in the centre of the table and spooning chicken onto it.
“I can do this,” Steve insisted, ignoring the voice in his head - the one that sounded suspiciously like Bucky - which insisted that he absolutely could
Tony rolled his eyes playfully. Seemed that Steve was the master of breakfasts and everything had to be perfect. For Tony, it was tasty as it was, but he could humor him. “Cabinet on the left,” he said, putting a piece of banana in his mouth and almost spitting it out in panic. “NO! The other left!” Tony called, but it already happened. Steve opened the cabinet and jumped to the back when the contents spilled, falling in a mess to the countertop and to the floor.
Sam nodded, thinking that Sarah Rogers was someone truly special. “Gotta tell you, buddy, I thought you will take this one with you to the grave,” Sam said, reaching for his beer.
The Steve Tony knew so far, was always calm and rational, sometimes even acting bashful in a sweet, innocent way. This Steve… This Steve was wild and swearing and angry, his voice getting a deeper note during yelling when his Brooklyn accent was showing up.
"Oh, you would like that, huh?" Steve teased, squeezing her shoulders playfully, meaning the cigars part. "You will see," he said mysteriously. Red took a moment to answer, before turning on the chair, facing Steve.
“Actually, it’s an invite to my parents’ anniversary party,” Natasha replied, pocketing her phone. She held open the locker room door. “It’s on the twenty-third. Are you busy?”
“I’m sick of people treating me like I am. Are you gonna help me or not?” he challenged. His eyes flashed angrily.
Wilson jerked in surprise and then he hissed loudly and began to shake again. “Yeah… Yeah, kinda comes in, uh... waves.”
“How terrible of us,” Arnie smiled. “Tell your papa to stop keeping secrets and tell your dad who he’s got a crush on the size of the Brooklyn Bridge?”
When Tony picked Steve up for their first date on his bike, guilty anticipation shot through Steve as he climbed on behind Tony, wondering what his foster father would say if he knew.
Sweet moment ending, when half way the bottle, Peter wriggled his mouth away and started to cry again.
Ultimately, Steve decided to stay, not because he wanted to be a part of the drag queens meeting, but because Tony batted his long eyelashes at him and asked for help with preparing some snacks, because he forgot to order catering and serving drag queens cheesy puffs and carbonated drinks Tony's pantry had plenty off, seemed just wrong. Steve made a quick round to the nearest grocery shop and came back hauling bags with fresh veggies and rice paper for spring rolls and veggie platters, and followed the very specific instructions Tony had given him what kind of cheeses and fruits to buy for a more decadent cheese board. In the meantime, Tony gave his living space a quick clean, all the time wearing the black pumps, which was very, very distractive for Steve, who had almost cut his finger off while he was dicing the cheese into bite-sized pieces. So, they decided to switch. Literally.
"Girls from the Olive, so, Tootsie and Arrow, my friend from a different drag queen bar, Lady Mint -"
"Just one bite," Steve asked. He hated that she was starving herself just to squeeze her waist more in the cincher.
Sam turned around, looking in surprise at Steve. "Hairnet!" he scolded, pointing to the shelve with a box of disposable hair nets.
"Ah, my daughter!" Tony called playfully, coming out of the kitchen and joining them. "Air kisses!" he said and him and still laughing Bucky leaned closer to each other, smooching the air around their cheeks with an exaggerated 'muah' sounds. "I think you can take them off now, Steve," Tony said, turning to his boyfriend.
Steve gets the courage to ask Red Velvet to meet with him and finally sees the man under all that makeup.
“Ack!” Tony almost dropped his phone when Steve scoldingly pinched his side. Soon the first comments came.
“Good,” Steve yawned and retracted his hand. Before Tony could scoff out his protest at such brutal treatment, Steve hooked his hand around brunet’s nape and pulled him in for a closer hug. “Good morning,” he said and blinked his eyes open.
Crying dimming into sniffling. Sniffling continued and it appeared it would stop entirely and Tony looked with wide eyes in the direction of Steve leaning over the crib and cooing to Peter. Fed, clean diaper, sleep. Maybe it was the answer.
Tony made a face and stuck his tongue out. “Should have known. Why I even try for you.” He didn’t have more occasions to complain as Steve turned to him and fitted a hand on the brunet’s cheek, leaning down for a kiss. A sweet, brush of lips, becoming more heated with time in the dark, empty street. The soft lips tasted like the cherry flavored lips gloss Red Velvet liked to use.
"You can call me Rhodey," he said, nodding first to Sarah and reaching her hand to her, before shaking Sam's hand and Sam introduced himself, while Lady Mint sat next to Sarah on a chair that had been pulled out for her by Rhodey.
And then Steve saw it. In his free hand, Tony was holding tweezers, the torture device getting too close for Steve to feel comfortable.
"What?" Tony continued laughing, somehow oblivious to his own attractiveness. "Nah. He is just doing his job."
so, that is it! the last chapter of The Pitted Olive. thank you for following the story, hope you enjoyed the fic and will like the last chapter!
“God, I am so sorry,” Steve said, and much to Tony’s surprise pulled him over and held close. “For worrying you,” he pressed his lips to brunet’s temple, lingering them there for a second.
Steve found himself not able to stop smiling. There was some feeling coming back, one he didn't feel quite in a while, or at least not as prominently as now. Giddiness? Yes, that was the word.
Tony always prided himself on being Figaro's favorite and then everything changed, once that thing appeared in their lives.
“It is good contouring and a good bra,” she replied, squeezing her arms closer and pronouncing the cleavage. “See? All me.”
"Dear, please," Sarah said in a petulant voice and Steve swallowed his food properly, before speaking again.
I am writing next chapters and heads up - the story is taking an unexpected kinda dramatic turn I didn't plan D: still thinking if I want to go that route though but decided to post this chapter without further delay and waiting for myself to make a decision.
One sharp tug and pinch at his eyebrow and Steve's eyes sprung open, his hands moving to cover his face and press to the hurt skin.
The first time he had opened his eyes was a few minutes after 4 am, so almost an hour earlier before his usual wake up time. It was a very subtle sound that woke him up and light movement following, covers pulling away from him, before held back, kept in place on purpose.
"I am just gonna keep you here. With me," Steve explained, tightening his hold a little bit around Tony, making him wheeze on purpose. "Just you and me on this bed, forever."
"That's great news," Steve smiled back, knowing that Tony was one of the best students and if someone was able to save the family business and look for new solutions, it was only Tony. "You are one of the top three students at school, right?" he said, teasing the teen just a little bit.
Tony dropped his head down. There was no way for him to back away from this, and he sent a sorry look in Steve's direction, aware that the truth might cost them their relationship and he wouldn't feel hurt with Steve taking his mother's side. Family was the most important.
"You will get more of this later," Steve promised, leaving a last kiss under the belly button and standing up. Tony wobbled when the hold on his legs was gone, but he quickly regained his balance when for a change, Steve framed his face.
"Pshhh. What?" Tony snorted in humor, but his face changed when he saw how alarmed Steve looked. "I don't know. I don't think so? But we don't exactly have anyone else to compare, you're one of a kind," Tony smiled kinder.
Tony only smiled contrarily, standing on the shadow part of the balcony in a silk, white night robe that ended just an inch below his round butt. It would be a very tempting picture if he wasn’t smoking, blowing the smoke out in small circles as if to rile up Steve more. It was just funny to him.
The conversation continued, drinks were served (Grasshopper for Lady Mint, Whisky Sour for Rhodey, and Sarah got talked into ordering Barbara, which was a mix of vodka, cacao liquor, cream and milk, the sweet flavor overpowering vodka and making the whole drink smoother and subtle on the tongue, and a refill of beer for Sam) as the club was slowly filling up with steady customers and newcomers. Sam and Rhodey found a common language, discussing the details of Rhodey's work and all the prime brands he got to tinker with, while Sarah and Lady Mint were chatting it up, just discussing everything, when it was interrupted by dimming lights and limelight pointed at the small stage.
He didn’t know what made him angrier; the fact that they were basically firing him, or the knowledge that if he’d been photographed with Natasha then the world would’ve been applauding him. But the fact he was with Tony, another man, meant everything was coloured with the implication of
“So, first attempt at quiet but passionate love,” Tony said, drawing circles against Steve’s skin. “I’d say it was a success.”
On the subway, Steve held onto the rail while Angie used his chest as a pillow. Steve wrapped a steadying arm around her waist, safe in the knowledge that no one would even look in their direction. This was far from the weirdest thing on the subway. Just last weekend, Steve saw someone dressed as a dinosaur riding the F train. Besides, most people assumed they were a couple anyway, subscribing to the bullshit
When the last student filed out of the door, Steve took a moment to look around the room. This had been his workplace for the last five years, the first place where he’d felt confident in his abilities as a teacher.
“Why are we entering from the back?” he asked, puzzled after Tony had led him into the alley behind the club and used the door near the dumpster.
Steve, who was laying in bed, kinda dying from silent laughter, had to compose himself before speaking. Everyone deserved some privacy and when Tony had walked minutes earlier into their en suite bathroom, Figaro, who seemed deep asleep in the bed, woke up as soon as the door closed and began a meowing and scratching concert under the door, demanding to be let in. It was cute how Fig always wanted to be close to Tony, but sometimes it was bothersome. Like now, when Tony couldn't even do his business in peace.
Tony’s mouth twisted again into a crying scowl. “I am sorry, I should have told you earlier,” Tony dropped his head, feeling crushed. He knew that Steve could figure out what he had meant.
"What are you sorry for?" Sam snorted, and Bucky would do the same if he wasn't devouring the bun in greedy bites. "It is not every day when your best friend gets engaged, it is all good."
"Oh, they were. You just need to know how to navigate through the crowd," Pietro said, red licorice already hanging off the corner of his mouth. No one even noticed when he reached for it. "Hi!" Pietro grinned, noticing both men looking at him. "I am Pietro. Wanda's older brother."
"Billy, when you will be done with the cupcakes, please check on the apple pies in the oven," Sam said, hearing someone entering the kitchen. He was hunched over a marble table and rolling some dough between his palms, sprinkling it with flour, whenever the dough felt too sticky.
After the breakfast, Steve stayed in bed longer than he had planned, solely because Tony fell to sleep on his shoulder, needing to make up for the shorter night and Steve didn't mind, maneuvering his husband into the covers and laying next to him, just soaking in the moment. Friday took the moment to wish him a happy birthday, and Steve thanked with a bright smile, proven to never doubt Friday. And when Tony woke up, they still stayed in bed, because the first thing on Tony's list of birthday activities involved a bed and two people in it and Steve, being the organized person he was, wouldn't argue with the schedule.
Tony eyed his set with amusement. “Oh, an old-school journalist,” he laughed gently, leaning into his seat, and Steve couldn’t see it, but by the movement, he was sure that Tony crossed his legs for a more comfortable position. “I don’t see that often anymore.”
"This is wrong, Buck," Steve said, not liking what he was seeing. Someone should do something about this.
Steve stopped when Tony did and faced a white marble headstone with two names engraved on the shiny surface. 'Howard Anthony Walter Stark’. 'Maria Collins Carbonell Stark’. The same death date. Tony’s parents.
Oh, insulted. That was a big word for the overblown offense of Figaro, their shared cat, playing with an old scrunchie. As their only child, Figaro was spoiled as a cat could be, eating the best selection of cat food, having cat towers and scratching posts in every room, and more toys a single cat could need, starting from the simplest stuffed toy mice to the fancy automatic laser lights. Yet, all that cornucopia of cat toys was no match for the stretched-out, yellow scrunchie that one day had slipped out from Thor's pocket and Figaro snatched, claiming for himself and dubbing the best thing ever. Since then, Figaro could be seen wildly pawing at the scrunchie, chasing it all over the place and when he got tired, he flopped down on the floor, the scrunchie near his face, and looked adoringly at it, clearly in love. No matter what Tony did, what he offered, he couldn't convince Figaro to play with anything else, and the only playtime he got with his cat, was when he begrudgingly tossed the yellow nightmare and Figaro kept bringing it to him, playing their version of fetch. The trend did catch on, and soon Natasha donated some of her hair ties and even Bucky added a one or two, and the collection kept growing, much to Figaro's delight and Tony's dismay, but the yellow scrunchie was the unquestionable winner and Figaro's true love. Steve wasn't quite sure if the true offense didn't lay deeper, rooted in the fact that Figaro chose Thor's belonging over many toys Tony had bought.
"I think we should switch," Tony laughed, having Wanda's face smushed against his face. He would happily discuss the remaining of the game with Wanda, and let Steve have his guy time with Pietro. And boy, Steve had a lot of points to discuss about the game, considering how heated the discussion above his head was.
"Eat up," Tony encouraged, putting the tray in Steve's lap, while he sat beside him and leaned over Steve's shoulder.
There was a buzzing sound and he pushed the door open. “After you,” he encouraged Steve to go first. Steve did so, entering the spacious, well-lit corridor.
"Groossss," Tony complained, scrubbing off layers of mud off his skin in the bathroom. "How many bruises I have?" he asked, turning his back to Steve.
Everything. Except he couldn’t say that. Steve put a hand into his pocket and took out a small sketchbook he used to carry with himself, where he scribbled some questions in earlier and to make notes.
Again, Tony and Steve sported two different kinds of attitudes. Steve, crossed arms, square jaw, eyes narrowed and reprimanding. Tony, hands on his knees and bent in half and wheezing in laughter.
"Something is bothering you," Tony said, reading correctly through his husband, not making it a question, just a statement. He frowned at Steve, not liking the way he sighed and lay down on his back next to Tony, preferring to look at the ceiling than at his lover. "What? Steve?"
“Ummm,” Red Velvet fluttered her long eyelashes, looking away in embarrassment, one hand pressed to her mouth, the other to her stomach. “Sorry.”
"Sure I would," Steve confirmed with a smile. He had such visions many times, long before he and Tony started dating.
“Ummm,” Tony thought for a bit, blowing a raspberry with his mouth. “I personally don’t like the term, but I guess I fall into a category of a fish drag.”
“Mmm, okay,” Steve agreed, kissing his boyfriend again and rolling on his side, placing Tony beside him as he felt he needed to use the bathroom. “What’s the dress code for today?” he joked, a light jab at Tony’s vast wardrobe.
17th February was an National Cat Day in my country, so I decided to write a fic! aand then fell asleep and didn't post it on time... so Happy One Day after National Cat Day!
"Outrageous," Tony scoffed, his eyes fixed at the same point as Steve's. Steve didn't say anything, just kept smiling, his arm wrapped around his sulking husband as they sat together on the couch in the living room, basking in the love-filled glow.
Red Velvet blinked and then noticed the strategic placement of the pillow. “Um, okay,” she coughed, trying to hide the smile. That was flattering in an odd way. “When you will be ready, you can stay at the backstage. You won’t see me, but you will still hear me sing.”
"That's Parfait," the girl said, winking at Steve and walking away on black pumps with a sturdy heel, a model that was favored by people learning how to walk on high heels. Steve looked after Parfait, smiling to himself gleefully. It seemed that some changes were coming to the Mama's Little Bakery.
The door of his locker was slammed with a loud bang, as soon as he managed to get his books out. Dammit. Too slow. He held back a shudder when an arm wrapped around his shoulders, hot breath on his face.
"Well," Steve brushed his cheek on Tony's fluffy hair, "you know how to be a pain in my ass," he said in humor and felt a warm puff of air on his neck and the way Tony's shoulders rose and fell with a short laugh. "Just for the record, I am never again giving you any space," Steve growled, his words colored with some playful tones.
“It was fine,” Steve stirred the drink with his straw. Tea, non-alcoholic ginger beer and lots of lemon. It wasn’t that bad. “She was a little shocked but she accepted it quickly. She invited me for another lunch next week. Maybe I will take Tony with me this time.”
“You are so sweet, Tony,” Sarah laughed, and Steve could just silently agree, feeling like a fool. “I will leave you boys alone, now. I really want to get home and try that facial mask you recommended to me.”
Yet, it all faded in the face of the feeling he was witnessing in the current moment. That was the kind of love that was hard to describe but obvious to everyone and so good. Steve loved Tony and was loved back, but this was an entirely different story.
Steve grimaced. Tony was looking more tormented than he Steve felt and he didn’t want that. He was in shock, sure, after all, he did something he feared of for so many years and maybe the overwhelming feeling got the worst out of him, and in the end -
"Hey, you gave me a black eye, that's way worse," Steve grinned, shoving his friend in the shoulder. Bucky's and Steve's first meeting was pretty intense, but from a fight that emerged from a misunderstanding, a true friendship was born. They were best buds and inseparable until Bucky's dad got a new job and the whole family moved. Those were some lonely years for Steve until Sam's family moved into the neighborhood.
"Good boy," Steve praised, and Tony rolled his eyes dramatically, shutting them close the next second when the finger was back inside him. Moving slow, finding the right places, and soon a second fingers joined, filling him up nicely. Tony curled, whimpering through closed mouth, the feeling of fingers slipping in and out so good.
“Tony?” Steve whispered, aware that he might be wrong and if that was the case, he didn’t want to disturb the other’s sleep. “Are you wearing makeup?” he asked, recognizing the blush color Tony used as Red Velvet.
"Bye!" Steve smiled, watching the door close behind his friend. He couldn't stop smiling. It was great to be reunited with his childhood friend. And he couldn't wait to introduce Bucky to Sam.
“She was always brutally honest towards me. When I was growing up my dad said to me ’they say sarcasm is a metric for potential, if that’s true, you’ll be a great man someday’, but she brought it a whole new level. She had a softer side too, but not many know about it. And had the biggest smile and the biggest fake eyelashes I ever saw. She taught me how to take care of wigs.”
“Ummm…” Steve looked away, curling in himself. “I— I think I need a minute,” he meeped out, giving off embarrassed vibes.
"You know, you had been showing me a whole lot of your world. How about I show you now some of mine?" Steve said, standing behind the chair and putting his hands on Red's shoulders.
"Well, duh. I am the one who prepares your drinks, Long Island Ice Tea guy," she replied with a smile. And Steve just stared, because without lipstick that smile seemed awfully familiar. Once on a bruised face and a busted lip. A very long time ago.
"This is all for you," Tony murmured, kissing Steve's shoulder, before putting his head back there. "And I had to eat all the burnt ones, so I am full," he said and made a displeased sound when Steve laughed, his shoulder jumping a bit and jostling Tony. "And I have a whole day planned for you! So, stock up on energy because you're gonna need it, birthday boy."
There was a ripping sound and Steve felt every hair pulled out from his skin. His mouth opened in a scream, eyes watered from the pain.
"Just you and me, Tony," Steve smiled, keeping Tony trapped in his arms and using both hands to tickle whichever ticklish spot he could reach on his boyfriend and there was a lot of them. "You and me," Steve repeated, and as quickly as tickling started, soon it ended, Steve ending his play with a deep kiss, that lasted and lasted until Tony became limp in his arms, pressing back to Steve and never wanting to lose that feeling.
"What if your mom won't like me?" Tony asked in a hushed voice, brushing his cheek over the material of Steve's smooth leather jacket until he could look at Steve.
"Red!" Steve hissed, a blush covering his face and he looked at the door, almost expecting someone to hear that. Red Velvet smiled dedicatedly, but there was some shadow of the mischievous smile Tony had from time to time on her face.
"Thank you for telling me this, Tony," Sarah said in a warm tone, putting her manicured hand over Tony's fist, trying to soothe him. "That required a lot of courage. You are a good person and you make my son happy, that's all that matters to me."
Steve hesitated, looking down over the city once more. But this time, instead of seeing the beauty, he saw how many people out there could hurt Tony. And it terrified him.
“The site crashed, Tony. But not before TMZ broke the story that apparently Tony Stark is online and looking for love.”
“Don’t go anywhere,” Angie warned the waitress. “I’m gonna need coffee. A lot of coffee. Actually, gimme an espresso shot, no, double espresso shot, then come back with a mug of coffee. Or maybe a jug.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony waved him off. Any anxiety he’d felt on the road was gone. He couldn’t drive without freaking out, but he could do surgery in his sleep. This battlefield medicine was like coming home. “Give me all your bags, a saline pack, a couple of tubes, a needle and a scalpel,” he ordered the first paramedic. Turning to the second, he told him, “We’re gonna go on three, okay? You got this?”
Natasha turned and found Stark standing in the doorway, looking vaguely uncomfortable although he covered it well. “Yes?”
he loved them - and dropping into his lap. “And our neighbours are having breakfast,” he added, rubbing their cocks together and shivering.
“Steve, have you ever actually successfully fixed anything in your life?” Tony asked, settling on the edge of the pool and studying the instructions.
Tony didn’t have much experience when it came to caring for other people. Not unless you counted Rhodey and the truly epic hangover of ‘02. Cap decided to sic him on Matt once after one of the many times he’d been hauled out of a dumpster, but that didn’t involve care so much as keeping one eye on Matt and one eye on the exits, because for a blind guy, Matt was fucking sneaky.
There were any number of reactions Tony expected to get from Clint for that joke, but instead he didn’t respond. He just carried on edging his way into the workshop.
“Steve, she’s a lawyer who makes a living destroying rich assholes, and he’s a cop. Yes, I was terrified. But it turned out to be for nothing, it all went great, Peggy didn’t even give me a shovel talk although I am still slightly on alert whenever the two of us are alone in the same room.”
“Okay but as much as I hate to admit it, Stark has a point,” Clint agreed. “Pups are usually ugly when they’re that small but she’s really cute.”
And then guard them with his life, because no one could ever know - beyond Bruce and Steve himself - that mers existed.
“Good,” he called after Steve as he limped towards the door. “And if you tell anyone about this, I will kill you.”
When he said he’d be right outside the door, he meant it. He leaned against the wall, listening carefully for any sounds of distress. He heard the shower burst into life and tilted his head back.
Then he locked the phone, dropped it back into his pocket with the message unsent and put his game face firmly in place. The blonde woman looked at him with strangely cold, void eyes which didn’t match up with her smile. Tony’s skin crawled, but he nodded and smiled when she directed him to the staircase on the right.
“Nope. I know he left the service about eighteen months ago after a training accident took his eye-”
“Stevie, I distinctly remember you saying that with a bleeding nose, a black eye and what turned out to be a fractured wrist,” Arnie pointed out, fixing Steve with a look. “You’ll forgive me if I don’t believe you on that one.”
But then the voice in his head reminded him that Tony was relying on him. Without Steve, Tony wouldn’t eat.
“Nah. I’m good,” Tony groaned. “This is fun. Seriously. I am loving the Afghanistan flashbacks. Shit, my mouth hurts.”
Alexander fixed him with a look. “Don’t play dumb, Steve. You and I both know you came out top of your class and that you could’ve gone to med school if you wanted.”
“You’re dating my Uncle Steve,” she said in a voice that could’ve been a question, but seemed like a statement.
He continued along the hall until it splintered, three steps leading up to a group of four doors. The first room was empty with very little clues as to its previous use. The second had
Johnny watched the doctor step away from the door, linking his fingers and stretching his arms above his head as he yawned. Then the doctor fished a packet of cigarettes from his pocket, flicking it open before pausing.
“You’re a dick, you know that?” Steve huffed, but there was a smile fighting its way onto his face because in truth, he really had missed this. And with Bucky gone, it was a relief to have Arnie here even if it was only for a little while.
“How about tomorrow?” Tony suggested. “Come over to the penthouse. I’ll make you dinner. You can spend the night if you want.”
With the opening statements over, it was time for them to leave the gallery and wait their turn to give evidence. The three of them claimed a bench in the hallway and waited.
“On the top deck, towards the bow,” JARVIS replied promptly. “I’m reading significant levels of energy and coded transmissions emanating from that point, both of which seem to indicate its use as the control centre for the Dreadnoughts.”
“Tony,” Steve replied, pressing their foreheads together. He could still smell Tony’s scent, stronger than he’d ever experienced it before, even though they weren’t scenting each other anymore.
“Well,” Tony said, eyeing the knife sticking out of his patient’s shoulder. “That’s not supposed to be there. Wade Wilson, right?”
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked awkwardly. “Today? I’m not prying, I just- I thought you might want to talk about it.”
Ducking his head to try and avoid the paparazzi as much as possible, Steve opened the door and hurried across the sidewalk to Tony’s car, climbing into the passenger seat and slamming the door before the photographers racing towards him could get close enough.
Steve had always struggled with apologies, even though he’d been taught from an early age to stand up and admit his mistakes when he made them, especially if they hurt someone else. And clearly he’d hurt Tony - unintentionally, but still - and even his internal defence of
And staring into Steve’s face, his expression so happy and relaxed and turning fond as he ran a hand through Evie Rose’s hair, Tony realised he wanted something real with this man. Something he hadn’t wanted in a long time.
“Morning Pepper,” Coulson replied, glancing over his shoulder. “You missed the show, they’re just clearing up.”
Shame burned in Steve’s veins. He was just thankful that Tony was busy with his board meeting and therefore wasn’t around to witness Steve’s humiliation.
At that moment, Tony looked towards him, heat in his eyes as he made his way back to Steve’s side, Evie Rose already running off with a group of kids her age to bob for apples.
He felt sick and it had nothing to do with his hangover. The pictures of them on a date, or the gaggle of photographers waiting outside his work were one thing. But taking a picture like this, purposely trying to make them look bad? It was something else entirely. Something malicious and intent on eliciting shame. And Steve hated that it was working.
Clint glanced at him curiously; Steve’s eyes were fixed on the door and the man running into the ER with the paramedics and the gurney, blood on his shirt, as he yelled, “I need a type and screen, with two units of blood.”
“I don’t need a ring,” Tony assured him. He pulled Steve in, resting their foreheads together. “All I need is you.”
“Yeah, you are,” Bruce smiled. “I gotta say, I like this version of you a lot better. The dark brooding one was very hot, but this guy, I like this guy.”
The car came to a smooth stop outside the courthouse and instantly the waiting reporters swarmed. Their driver fought his way through and opened the door. Tony slid out of the car first, sunglasses firmly in place, then Steve followed.
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, I’m okay,” Bruce nodded. In truth, he wasn’t sure how he felt. He felt kind of… empty.
Well. That took an unexpected turn. Of all the things Tony might’ve hypothesised as the issue, that… that wasn’t one of them.
“Yeah? Tell that to Marco Scarlotti,” he snapped. “A good man who was manipulated first by Obadiah Stane, and then by you. And when he tried to do the right thing, you brutally murdered him and threw him in the Hudson.”
Steve smiled and nodded. “I’m sure. I’d like your opinion. As long as you’re prepared for the fact that I might ignore it.”
“As soon as you’re recovered, I’m taking you to the Tower,” Tony declared. “I’m immunised against things you’ve never even heard of. We’re getting Helen to vaccinate you too.” When Steve cocked his head, eyebrows raised in question, Tony added, “Turns out, surgery performed in a cave without an anaesthetic isn’t actually good for you. I have a severely compromised immune system, so Helen has me on super powerful vaccines, I don’t know what they are. I don’t do squishy science.”
That part of the house obviously existed - he was looking at it - but what was the point of building completely inaccessible rooms?
Tony looked up in surprise. That, that was back at the start of the school year. After the fight about the books. Tony ran his fingers over the petals. “You’ve been planning this since September?”
“Dunno. They got me with the DVR,” Clint grunted. “Which, honestly, the betrayal of being injured by my own DVR hurts more than anything.”
“Alright,” Tony smirked. “Just checking. In case you need any tips. I mean, things have changed since the forties.”
“You worry about being quiet,” Tony said. “Let me take care of everything else. Besides, I’m pretty sure you have more problems with that than me?”
“Excellent choice, Mr Batroc,” Alexander smiled. “Steve, can you call Dr. Danvers and let her know Mr Batroc will be on his way up, then prep him for surgery. And let Dr. Danvers know that I am available to assist.”
“August 16th, I was, uh, I was at the Caledonian bar with a friend. Margaret Carter. We were having a drink together when a man approached a table and asked me if he could buy me a drink.”
“I’m going to get you some antibiotics,” Bruce added. “Steve, if you come by the Institute tomorrow, I can give them to you. Start with a week’s course and see how you are after that. If you need more, just give me a call.”
“I thought I heard someone,” Tony called, popping out of the water. “What’s going on? How was the thing?”
“Can you take off your shirt?” Steve asked. Tony saw the veiled concern in Steve’s eyes, and felt a rush of warmth for this wonderful man, who saw Tony’s traumas and accepted them just like that.
Clint shuddered and mimed gagging into his coffee. “That’s disgusting. I don’t need to know about your sex life. Or lack of it.”
“I’m sorry, who said last week that he was planning on living until at least Ellie’s bat mitzvah?” Steve teased, nudging Arnie’s leg with his shoulder.
There was something wrong. His bed was hard, too hard. And it wasn’t soft cotton against his cheek but something cold and hard.
“Your hearing might be good, but I doubt it’s that good,” Steve retorted, yanking open the door. He glanced over his shoulder when he heard a splash and Tony was gone. When he stepped inside, Tony was already there, leaning on folded arms against the edge of the pool. “It’s really irritating when you do that.”
“What’s funny is that you think you can get me to cave by beating me up,” Clint laughed. “Dude, you think this is going to change my mind? I’m a fucking Avenger. I’ve had a god play with my mind. This is nothing.”
Tony groaned. “Oh God, there’s two of them. Josie!” he called. “I’m gonna need another round over here!”
“Easy, Steve. You okay?” Tony murmured. His hands slipped underneath Steve’s torso, helping him sit up onto his knees.
Because Steve had his hands hooked under his knees, baring himself to Tony, watching him with hooded eyes. Tony crawled onto the bed, mesmerised, grabbing a pillow and placing it under Steve’s hips for support.
“Because you see, Castello Malvagio was nothing more than an expensive smokescreen and the real targets of the attack were the Avengers, ostensibly the guests of honour but in reality pawns in a trap set by one man.
“Yeah. I think it’s busted though,” Tony shrugged. “Hasn’t worked in years. There’s a room downstairs with the pump and everything.”
Tony spun around and found Clint standing in the doorway of an apartment, looking hale and hearty if grumpy.
“Don’t schedule it, tell Pepper to take what she wants. Tell her to donate the whole collection if she wants. Anything else urgent?”
Steve loved Tony’s penthouse. It was big and flashy and expensive and everything he should hate, but he loved it. He loved the sweeping windows which overlooked Hell’s Kitchen and the Hudson, looking all the way to New Jersey. As a New Yorker, Steve would never say New Jersey looked beautiful, because he had standards, but from up here, it almost fooled him.
They stared at each other. Then Tony’s hand was on the back of his neck and Steve’s breath caught, allowing Tony to draw him in. His eyes flickered down to Tony’s lips and he noticed droplets of water caught in his facial hair. When Steve looked up again, he saw there were even tiny drops in his eyelashes, which made him smile. Tony huffed quietly and Steve’s face flushed and then they were kissing.
Steve swirled his tongue around Tony’s cock, hollowing his cheeks and Tony gasped, pulling on Steve’s hair as he came down his throat. Steve pulled off slowly, eliciting a wrecked, “
“Hey, he’s a Dodgers fan. I was always gonna like him. Plus he’s hot,” Bucky added. “Not as hot as my boyfriend, but still hot. How was Malibu?”
it,” Steve explained, feeling his face burn with embarrassment and fighting the urge to bury his face in his hands.
“You are so beautiful, you know that?” Tony murmured. “And this? This is a really good look on you. Just saying, shirts should be banned for now on.”
And just like that everyone was looking at him, with expressions ranging from curiosity to secretive smiles - Romanoff - and Steve’s skin crawled.
Steve sighed, hanging his head. He scrubbed his hands through his hair and grimaced when he realised how dirty his hair was. Even before he’d decided to lie on the floor of an abandoned tree house. Sniffing his t-shirt, Steve wasn’t sure what smelled worse; him or his clothes. He couldn’t remember the last time he showered, and he’d been wearing the same clothes for a week.
“That’s a constellation you call Cassiopeia,” he explained. “See? It looks like a double-u. A wonky one. If you draw a straight line from the middle of the bigger v, you’ll find what you call Polaris.”
Then Julie Wilson appeared, walking towards a huge black town car with a personalised number plate, M1, idling at the front of the lot. She paused before climbing into the car, her eyes meeting Steve’s once more, before disappearing inside.
“Wow. I feel like this is a victory,” Tony teased, squeezing Steve’s hand to show he didn’t mean it.
“Hey, I have my own dumbass to tape back together. Speaking off, while you deal with Sugar Ray here, I’m gonna go see if Matt managed to get himself thrown in any more dumpsters lately.”
Wilson scrambled to get to her feet, but Bruce pushed her back down. “I really wouldn’t. Neither of us are happy about being blown up, and when I say neither, I’m not including Natasha.”
“Your… dating profile,” Pepper said, her tone somewhere between awkward and exasperated. Tony swallowed. The break up was hard on both of them. A year later, and they were still trying to find their way back to something akin to friendship, or at least a functioning working relationship. “It broke the internet.”
“Who’s the lucky man?” Hank asked and Scott mentally thanked him because he would really like to know too.
Steve tapped on the banner, opening the app, more to stop the notifications than out of any real interest. He’d joined Tinder more to get Peggy and Angie off his back than any desire for a relationship, and after one too many dick pics, he’d switched to Make-a-Match. It was cutesy and kind of annoying, and Steve was this close to just deleting the app, if not for the fact that he didn’t think he could stand the pitying looks from the girls as Peggy pointed out
They tried a few more people but no one was keen to talk. Just when Tony was about to admit defeat, a woman called, “You want Nick Fury?”
“Relieved I don’t have to do that again,” Steve replied, grabbing the caramel sauce and drizzling it over his ice cream. “Pass the sprinkles.”
Try as he might, Tony just couldn’t sleep longer than four or five hours at the most. Which meant, despite everything he’d been through the previous night, he woke at eight am, his body telling him it was already too late and didn’t he know he should be up and working already?
Steve grinned, glancing between their expressions: Ellie’s confused and vaguely mistrusting, and Tony’s completely awestruck one. He reached out and tickled the bottom of Ellie’s foot until she wriggled and giggled, a sound that went straight to Steve’s heart every time he heard it.
A slow smile spread across Wilson’s face, then she began to chuckle, before it turned into what could only be described as a cackle. It made Tony’s skin crawl, especially when she fixed her cold eyes on him.
Ignoring Tony, Steve took the towel with him, crossing to the spiral staircase leading below ground. The shower room was in darkness, but Steve turned on the torch on his phone, and set it on the counter. It barely illuminated the room, stretching the shadows, but it gave him enough light to work. Crossing to the least damaged shower cubicle, Steve turned it on, standing back and letting the water run. For the first few minutes, the water was brown and dirt flecked, but it slowly cleared. It was still cold, but Steve didn’t care.
Running upstairs, Steve pulled his cell phone from his pocket, scrolling through his contacts and hitting call. As soon as the call connected, he announced, “I need your help.”
“I’m glad to see that the two years we spent living off of instant noodles so you could afford med school paid off.”
Tony launched into his story, and Steve let him go, because the last thing he wanted to do was hurt Tony. He watched Tony talk, watched the way his face lit up as he lost himself in his storytelling.
Then he and Scott scattered to the wind, abandoning Bruce to the Borsons. Taking a deep breath, Bruce opened the door to the waiting room and approached Frigga Borson. It was instantly obvious who her son was even if Bruce hadn’t seen his photo online; he wore the same high-quality clothing, albeit a black suit and crisp white shirt beneath a knee-length coat and a green and gold silk scarf rather than a golden gown that appeared more suitable for a night at the opera rather than a Tuesday in San Antonio General.
Admitting defeat and accepting that he wasn’t getting to sleep any time soon, Steve rolled over and grabbed his glasses from the bedside table, managing to jam them on without poking himself in the eye. Picking up his phone, he squinted against the bright light in the darkness of his bedroom until his eyes adjusted. Then, opening Google, he typed in
“I’ll settle for them liking me. Or at least tolerating me,” Steve replied. Something caught his eye and he turned to the screen at the front of the room, where the CEO of Dream Master Inc was droning on about his altruism and selflessness. His perfect white teeth glinted, his dark hair slicked back, and his clothes screamed money. “Angie, I know that guy!”
Stark turned, walking backwards down the hall and grabbing the bottom of his shirt. “If you’ve got it, you’ve got it,” he replied, yanking his shirt over his head, a set of dog tags swinging over his bare chest. “And I’ve got it,” he finished, spreading his arms.
Steve followed Sharon into the elevator, which rose smoothly into the air, ignoring the curious looks from the other occupants. A quiet ding announced their arrival and Steve gladly followed her along the corridor.
Steve only realised he was clenching his fists when his nails started digging painfully into his palms. Relaxing his hands, Steve sighed. It was too easy to look at the addicts and see what Tony could’ve become. Which was exactly why he had to be so tough with them.
“Hank, it’s been twenty years,” Natasha intoned, returning to her paperwork because she had no respect. “You have
“Or we could let everyone else go and we could just stay here?” he suggested breathlessly when they broke apart.
“I hate you,” Steve deadpanned, even as his heart fluttered at the thought of Tony taking care of him again.
“The Steve-Stark thing. We have to say something, right? I mean, Steve’s married. We can’t just let this go.”
But now it was time to turn his attention to something new. Namely, telling the world about his daughter.
He hurried down the garden until he reached the tree house he’d noticed on his first visit to the mansion, taking the wooden steps in two long strides. He had to duck to get inside - it wasn’t built for someone of Steve’s height - but then he sat down in the middle of the first room. He let himself fall back until he was lying on the wooden floor and burst into tears.
He wondered for a moment if he’d gone too far. Could you tease billionaire superheroes like that? Maybe Tony Stark didn’t have Steve’s kind of sense of humour.
, and according to both the article and Make-a-Match’s official statement, no new profiles had been created since the website crashed, which meant no one could copy Tony Stark’s profile in the hope of catching out unwitting daters. Which meant…
“I’m gonna quit,” he told her. “I can’t just… sit around and wait for them to come up with an excuse to fire me. Or worse, I come back and everyone makes significant looks behind my back. I can’t do that.”
“They’ll be fine,” Coulson said quietly. “Clint Barton will come through anything. And if terrorists in the desert couldn’t stop Tony Stark, then a bunch of thugs in tracksuits certainly won’t. He’s probably building another suit as we speak.”
“God, you’re amazing,” Tony declared, pulling Steve in for a kiss that was verging on inappropriate for the workplace.
“Lucky?” Steve dropped to a crouch, rubbing the dog’s neck. “Hey buddy, where’s Clint? Where’s Tony?”
“What do you think?” Tony asked, leaning his arm against the back of the couch and combing his fingers through Steve’s hair.
Then his dick slid between Steve’s thighs, and they both groaned at the sensation. It felt so good, Steve’s own dick briefly tried in vain to rejoin the party.
Then he exhaled slowly, climbed out of the car, and ran back inside. Tony was waiting on the edge of the pool, his mismatched eyes inscrutable as he watched Steve run across the room to his backpack. Tossing everything into it, Steve swung his bag onto his back then turned to Tony.
“Hi,” Tony grinned, but before Pierce could start anything, Hank called, “Dr. Pierce. Just the man I was looking for.”
Steve tensed for a moment, before tipping his head back and staring up at Tony with those big blue eyes, surprise written across his face. “Here?”
Bruce frowned. “But that’s all… Oh.” He stopped, turning to face Steve with a resigned expression. “You’re one of the mermaid guys.”
Tony stepped forward and scooped her up, disbelief written in his eyes - which were looking suspiciously shiny, Steve noted - as Tony settled Ellie on his hip.
“Thanks,” Tony smiled, tugging on Steve’s hand. Steve shifted onto the bed, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders. They leaned into each other and Steve carefully kissed his way across Tony’s forehead.
“Oh, yeah, that’s not good,” he sighed. He had to dodge more Dreadnoughts before he had a change to wrap his hand around the spike and yank it free with a scream. He panted, wincing as his arm stung. “Shit. J, how much am I bleeding?”
It took everything he had not to run out of medical, to keep his pace steady as he jogged down the stairs then crossed the communal floor, slamming his hand against the elevator button and cursing JARVIS for not bringing the elevator up for him.
“Mr Stark, I do not think much of your taste,” he muttered, eyeing the bathroom decorated in gaudy stars and stripes.
He tore his eyes from one screen to another and, unsurprisingly, found Steve in the Hudson, inching towards the Atlantic.
“Mr Stark left two hours ago in the suit for Agent Barton’s building in Bedford Stuyvesant,” JARVIS reported. “The suit is still there.”
Stumbling into the wall, he dragged himself upright, spitting blood from the corner of his mouth and glaring at his opponent. Steve knew he should’ve kept his mouth shut, but when had that ever stopped him before? Never. It never stopped him, so here he was, in the alley behind Josie’s, fighting someone bigger than him.
“You better have a good fucking explanation for this, Rogers,” Tony growled. “Actually, screw that. I don’t care what your explanation is: I’m going to fucking kill you.”
. But it was becoming clearer and clearer that he wasn’t fine. And now, it wasn’t all about Steve anymore. He had Tony to consider. And while Bruce knowing about Tony made Steve feel a little better, in case anything happened to him, but Tony had no way of contacting Bruce so it still wasn’t ideal.
“You can tell from his ass?” Clint blinked. He leaned back, meeting Scott’s eyes behind Steve’s back and raising an eyebrow.
“Uh…” Banner replied, ducking his head and rubbing the back of his neck. His face flushed and that was kind of adora-
"I'm going to do it," she said to herself. She was going to talk to Sharon about marriage, start the conversation now. Because she loved Sharon and wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
“Bare your heart to a guy and he makes fun of you,” Tony huffed, but Steve could see the mirth in his eyes. “See if I make you dinner now.”
“They used tech to capture me,” Tony admitted. “I found their camp, their boat. And I took a few things. I was a kid, I was curious. I wanted to know how things worked.”
It took him a few more minutes to actually stand up - or maybe it was longer, Steve couldn’t tell - and stumble across the room. He picked up the t-shirt and board shorts he’d been wearing to the mansion the past few days and pulled them on again, even though a distant part of his mind told him that he should wear something clean. That was… No. Steve couldn’t think about that, couldn’t make a decision about what to wear. It was too much. Suffocating.
Steve tipped his head back, taking in his surroundings as he followed Rhodey and Sharon into Stark Industries for the first time. The sun shone brightly through the glass walls, glinting off of the brushed metal surfaces, and it should’ve been sweltering but the air conditioning kept the building a pleasant temperature despite the sun and the press of bodies milling about the atrium.
“Fine,” Natasha agreed. She squeezed Steve’s shoulder. “Take care of yourself though. I’d hate to see anything happen to you. And not just because of what it would do to this one,” she nodded to Tony.
Kids, Tony discovered, took a lot longer to eat than adults. No doubt due to the long and rambling tales they wove into the mealtime. Rather than being irritated, he was enchanted by it. Children’s minds were fascinating, and Tony would much prefer to talk to them than most adults. Adults usually wanted something from him; the most the kids wanted from him was ice cream.
Steve slipped out of the room, closing the door quickly behind him, and was immediately set upon by Pepper Potts.
“If you have a fever,” Tony continued. “You know what that means.” He tugged at the blankets. “These need to go. You’re just making your temperature higher.”
“You’re not a narcissist,” Steve continued. “You just do a good impression of one, and people are too stupid to see the truth. Also, this soup is amazing and I love it.”
“Ah, the first rescue attempt has arrived,” he crooned. “Too bad it’s going to fail. I have a special welcoming party waiting. If you’ll excuse me, I do enjoy dinner and a show. And it would be a shame to waste such an excellent show.”
Steve called Arnie the following morning to warn him that they were about to announce Ellie’s existence to the world. He wasn’t going to publicly name Arnie as her sire, to try and retain some of his privacy, but they both knew that the press were relentless and would probably find out who Arnie was.
They made their way up to the house in an awkward silence. What did you say to someone you slept with once then turned up a year later to ask for his help?
With Tony’s strong hands under his arm, Steve managed to climb onto his feet. He would deny exactly how unsteady his legs were until his dying day if asked. Judging by Tony’s expression, he noticed Steve’s small stumble. His face was tight as he reached towards Steve’s face.
“And there’s my favourite junior Avenger,” Tony continued, reaching towards Ellie. He glanced up at Steve for permission before rubbing his finger against her cheek.
Joseph ran his fingers over his moustache, eyeing Steve critically. Steve kept his face as hard as possible, refusing to let him see any chinks in his armour. If there was one thing he knew about his father, it was that he never saw a flaw he couldn’t exploit.
“My teachers wanted me to apply to a STEM school,” Steve admitted. “They were pretty pushy actually. I was living with my nan by this point, after my mom died. And nan, she told me
“Thought so,” he nodded. It was like dealing with Steve. “You’re certainly stubborn enough to be Fury's kid,” he added, scrolling through his contacts once more. “In that case, I’m calling for backup.”
, and in the background he could see Thor standing by as Barton received treatment from a paramedic. Romanoff appeared with Banner, but still no Tony.
“Oh honey,” he murmured, crouching down beside Steve. He fought the urge to wince at the acrid smell of vomit, running a soothing hand up and down Steve’s spine. “D’you think you’re going to throw up again?”
Tony ran his hand down Steve’s back, squeezing his ass and pushing his hips, and Steve’s rapidly growing erection, forward.
Ellie studied the necklace, her little face full of concentration as she turned it over in her hands before holding it up for Steve to see.
Over the next few days, Steve came to the realisation that anyone who thought they knew Tony Stark had no idea. Absolutely none. The Tony Stark he knew, the one who was basically living with Steve to look after him when all he had was a cold, that Tony Stark was so alien in comparison to the Tony Stark the media and the public claimed to know.
“I won’t let him on the bike without one,” Johnny replied, earning a blushing smile from Peter. They were cute, Sharon thought to herself, the way they so obviously adored each other.
“I knew there was something weird about you. So, do you have a name or should I just keep thinking of you as the douchebag?”
Clint left the CT department and sighed. Great. Now he had to find a way to get Gary a tattoo removal. Which meant heading to dermatology to talk to…
“I spent a semester abroad in Italy when I was at Harvard,” Banner explained. “I lived with an Italian family and Jacopo, the father, took it upon himself to teach me how to cook. Said he didn’t want me starving when I went back to America. The tagliatelle is his recipe.”
“Funny,” Maria retorted. “I was at the bar and he passed out, and their damn defib was out of batteries.”
“The Dreadnoughts attacked DC about thirty minutes ago,” Coulson explained, his eyes fixed on the screens showing shaky cell phone footage of the robots shooting at civilians.
“Can I help you, sir?” Steve asked, his tone the belligerent one he usually used with cops who were trying to tell him off for peaceful protest.
It was a small glass square, roughly twenty centimetres on each side, and in the centre of the square sat a single sunflower bloom, forever preserved in the glass.
“So, tonight’s the big night, right?” Angie murmured, losing interest in anything Julie Wilson and the CEO of Dream Master Inc had to say. “Nervous?”
“We’re going to use that image to our advantage. Right now, if your father tries to vilify you, it’s not going to go well for him. People want to know more about you, and if we get ahead of it, we can control this. If we get in the media first, then he’s going to come off worse.”
“He’s sick,” Steve blurted out. “I don’t know what’s wrong with him. I mean, I do, kind of. But he needs help. He won’t admit it, but he does. And I don’t want him to die. Even if he is a complete dick, he’s… He’s my friend, I guess.”
Because as soon as he lunged towards Stark, Stark walked backwards in a circle, taking the drunk with him easily.
“No.” Tony glared into the water. Then his whole body language changed, the tension disappearing from his shoulders and he grinned lasciviously up at Steve. “Hey, did you know I can hold my breath for twenty minutes?”
“Decidedly not. Especially when they pulled out the gun,” Clint shrugged. “Lucky jumped in front of the bullet and lost an eye in the process. So I-”
“Great,” Steve nodded, eyeing the shining mahogany doors which led to Stane’s office. In another world, this would be Tony’s office, he realised.
They switched contracts with Joseph and his lawyers until every copy was signed and initialled and dated.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony groaned, tipping his head back. When he closed his eyes, he could see moments from throughout their relationship, flicking from one to the next like a seventies slideshow. Tony wanted his boyfriend. He wanted to be home, in the penthouse, their home, with Steve in his arms and safe in the knowledge that his friends were downstairs or across the city in one piece. His head swam.
"I don't-" Tony planned to deny, but then he heard his own high pitched voice. "Oh God, I do," he said, sounding defeated and lowered his voice down to his warm baritone, leaning his forehead over Steve's arm.
"Thanks," Red smiled, fixing the front of a lovely auburn color bra with lace on top. "It is a new bra, it doesn't want to listen to me - oh," she stopped talking when turned around and finally took a good look at Steve and his new style.
"He is in the director's office - with Stone - they got into a fight - as soon as Steve came - he was waiting for him - we have to go!" Bucky decided, taking Tony's wrist and pulling.
“Good,” Steve smiled, and just now Tony realized that somehow both of his wrists were in soldier’s hold and Steve easily pinned his hands above his head, leaving his torso exposed. “Because now,” Steve said, sitting on Tony’s thighs and slowly sliding his free hand under Tony’s shirt. “I want to test every ticklish spot on you.”
Well… Tony wouldn’t mind if he took a peak, right? Granted, he never used Tony’s tablet before without his boyfriend’s permission. It felt too personal and barging on privacy and it was almost a silent agreement between them that Steve won’t touch Tony’s electronic devices and Tony won’t look through Steve’s sketchbooks without prior agreement. But it was different, right? Tony’s Twitter account was out there, for everyone, so it didn’t matter if Steve would install the app on his phone and check the account, or go to the source and look through Tony’s account. It might even help him to understand better how the app was working.
"I don't see why I can't have all of this with you," Steve said cheerfully. He felt Tony hiding back into his arm, solely to prevent Steve from seeing the spreading blush on his face, Steve couldn't see anyway, but felt the heat radiating from his boyfriend's face.
"Aw, don't be afraid of Logan, kid!" Tony called, as Harley started to fumble, and the tools kept slipping out of his hands. "He is not that bad! He is like those… those… what do you call those animals that resemble small bears with long, sharp claws?"
"What brings you here? Want to try our new creation?" Kamala motioned to the small plate next to her, where some small cookie pieces were waiting.
Speaking of Tony, he could use his boyfriend’s advice… Steve checked his phone and knew that Tony was still stuck in a business meeting, and won’t be back for an hour or so and as much as he wanted to not think about the Twitter issue it kept coming back to him. What was he supposed to write on Twitter? Something that wouldn’t give too much about him, but would be safe and entertaining. He needed inspiration. Maybe a walk would clear his mind but as Steve was getting up, he noticed Tony’s tablet laying at the edge of the coffee table.
The day could end in a very different scenario, and yet it had the best outcome. Steve couldn't be happier and when he was leaving his mom's house, holding a hefty grocery back full of treats his mom had prepared and insisted on Steve taking it, he saw his mom and Tony, heads close to each other and engaged in a conversation that looked secretive.
