"Mmm." John wasn't paying any attention to him. If he was going to do it, it should be now. If he waited too long and John went upstairs to the rooms he shared with Rosie, it would be too late, and who knew when another chance would present itself. If indeed this was a chance and not just some fanciful delusion planted and encouraged by Molly.
"Eurus sent me a text."
“Where’s my helicopter? It should be here already.”
"Please. Why would that change my mind? This was not the first time I've been drugged and held captive."
"Mm, that food smells delicious," Lestrade announced when he came out of the bedroom a few minutes later. He hadn't changed his clothes, though he'd taken off his jacket. He gave Sherlock a broad smile.
"That's the dog," Sherlock said.
Sherlock pushed open the door to the morgue's examining room to find Molly wrist-deep in a corpse.
"One of the shops has, hidden way in the back, a small display of adult-themed merchandise."
"Let me see." Mummy pulled the paper from his hands. She flipped unerringly to the correct page and spread it out on the table. "Oh, Sherlock, look at you!"
"Mummy, calm down. I promise, he isn't going to take her."
Lestrade tipped his phone screen towards Sherlock, as if he could read his text from more than a body's length away. "The media just got wind of the murders, and reporters are on the way. Not sure you want to explain why you're here, at what looks like a perfectly straightforward murder scene."
John shook his head. The thought hadn't even occurred to him, though of course Sherlock's parents did deserve to know that they now had a grandchild.
"They'd eaten a meal together."
"Mm. Easy to confuse the two of you, I guess."
"And I appreciate the fact that you didn't have an affair with John." Sherlock stood up, ready for her to be gone from their flat.
"I know he does." Mummy chuckled. "Some things never change."
"No, I very rarely wake up crying these days," John said. "And you'll never have to change my nappy."
"Yeah, there's that, too." John's grin looked real, now. He picked up a piece of bread and tore a chunk off, popping it into his mouth. Once he'd swallowed he sat for a moment, then nodded. "If I really did throw up earlier, I think I'm fine now."
"No, those are my reading glasses that I keep in the living room. For reading. In the living room. The ones in the bedroom are for when I'm reading in bed."
"Not tired! Want to go home!"
“Me ‘letting’ him do things was the root of the whole argument, Mycroft.” Sherlock turned away, reaching for his phone, though he knew he still had nothing from John. He opened his text messages anyway and began to type. He started three different times—
"Everyone makes miscalculations, Sherlock. The important thing is recognising when you're wrong, and then changing your behaviour so it won't happen again." He slid closer to Sherlock, and carefully put his hand on Sherlock's arm.
John nodded vigorously in agreement. "Yes, that's perfect. We'll be right by the back door in case Stone needs to go outside late at night." The only time Stone ever went outside late at night was when Sherlock and John came home late themselves, but Mummy didn't need to know that.
Mycroft sighed. No, it would not be wonderful. Sherlock and John being together any more than they already were would likely make his life a living hell, just on sheer principle.
John had to force himself to look away again. He could do this. He could sit next to Sherlock and see those long fingers drifting up and down his thighs without dreaming about what else those fingers could do. Or, maybe he didn't have to sit here. "Tea," he said, and stood up. "You need some tea. And maybe some lunch?"
"And, somehow, he stumbled across a video that had been uploaded to YouTube." Mycroft tipped his head and stared at Sherlock as if waiting for him to deduce what he was talking about.
"No, please don't. It's a valid concern. Why would they want to invest all that time and money in me if I might end up getting injured or killed before they can see if the therapy has any results?"
"I told you I would."
"I know. I know. And also I think...he might suspect a little bit about my past already."
He sat at Lestrade's desk, generating a list of possible passwords as he waited for the laptop to boot, only to discover that it didn't require one. He shook his head at the lack of security and began to comb through the files on the computer. He assumed John would join him shortly, but he didn't. Every time Sherlock looked out through the open blinds, he could see him talking, first to Donovan, then to apparently every other officer who was on duty. Sherlock wrinkled his nose.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone! If you enjoyed this, check out the
"No," Sherlock agreed, and let out a sigh to rival Mycroft's earlier ones. "Well, it's getting late. I should let you go, so you can get some sleep tonight."
"Hey, sweetheart." He stopped on the far side of the coffee table.
"So what's wrong? Why are you on the floor crying?"
Sherlock leaned back in the surprisingly comfortable leather chair. "Not well. This laptop is like an open book."
Time stretched out, made surreal by Mummy and Daddy and Mrs. Hudson having an inane argument about what roads Moriarty was most likely taking north, given the time of day and traffic conditions. Finally, Mycroft had another report from Anthea. “They’re no longer moving. One of our teams is only three miles away. ETA is two minutes.”
"Really?" Sherlock turned slightly towards him, frowning. "Oh. You mean that, don't you?" He lifted one hand and rubbed at the stubble on his jaw. "Yes, of course, otherwise we'd already have got to the point where you hit me by now."
Sherlock sighed, then let the exhalation take him deeper into John's embrace.
Mycroft's jaw clenched. "Yes. Thank you for that advice. Believe me, there have been repercussions for everyone whose actions or lack thereof enabled his escape."
"Oh, I hope it's okay, John. I told her there was a new baby here. Maybe you wanted it to be a surprise."
"We are exhausted and overwhelmed and we are turning to each other for comfort. But it's not a mistake. How long have you been waiting for this?"
—every negative thought he'd been having vanished immediately.
"Hey, stop it, you two," John said. He gestured at the laptop. "Back it up a few seconds and pause it right before the drone hits the window."
Dinner? Who had sent this? He knew, though; he'd just heard her texting Sherlock a few minutes ago. While he was staring at the message, another text popped up below it.
"Hm. Yes. But while it has been a few hours, I'm not quite sure I'm up for another round just yet. It's been a long day."
“You argued?” Mummy sat down in a chair across from Sherlock and leaned towards him.  “What did you say to him that was bad enough to make him leave?”
"I know you aren't taking this isolation thing seriously, but I have to."
He turned to check the time on the digital clock next to the bed, but couldn't see it—the power must have gone out. That would probably be enough to make Rosie cry, if she woke up in a strange room in the pitch dark.
He was still stewing about it when he came back inside, though when he walked to the end of the hall to let John know he was back—
"Jesus. Then take a toilet break at least. Walk around a little, get some air. Maybe you'll realise you need actual food to function well, like the rest of us."
"I know. I know." John closed his eyes and exhaled. He knew he couldn't trust an addict. He could never trust anyone, it seemed, and that seemed to apply doubly to the people he loved the most. But that was an issue he needed to work out on his own, or with his therapist, not something he should say aloud now. "Has it got any better over the last year? Since you've been clean. The cravings, I mean."
John picked up one of the packages that was left. A large box, nearly square, obviously contributed by Molly, but without being able to pick it up to test the weight and heft of it, Sherlock couldn't be sure what it contained.
"What makes you think I know how to play tennis?" Sherlock wrinkled his nose.
"You have delivered a child before, haven't you? I know you came close with Mary, but before that, in Afghanistan—"
Sherlock didn’t need to be told twice. He pushed past Mummy to run through the house, towards the front door. He didn’t see a helicopter outside, but maybe it had landed a little further away....
John hesitated for only a moment before taking his outstretched hand and letting Sherlock help him get to his feet.
When he was done, he sat back in his chair, satisfied with his effort. A valentine worthy of Sherlock. He opened it up and wrote Sherlock's name inside, used a red crayon to draw the traditional symbol of a heart beneath it, then added his own name at the bottom. He wouldn't give it to him, of course, but it had felt good to make it anyway. Cathartic. He folded the card closed again and tucked it into the pocket of his shirt, then cleaned up the rest of the mess Sherlock and Rosie had left on the table.
"Where is Mycroft?" Mrs. Holmes asked. "I thought for sure he would be here, once he heard what had happened."
Sherlock pulled John's chair back and locked the wheels so he could sit in it, then raised his eyebrows when John didn't move.
Mycroft pursed his lips in disapproval but deferred to Sherlock and ordered the pilot to take them to Barts.
Mycroft straightened up and pulled his jacket closed when John opened the door—maybe he really had been preparing to try to break it down.
Rosie had to agree. She kissed and hugged both him and Sherlock and headed upstairs to her room, hoping that everything would be all worked out by the morning.
"It's easier to take them than it is to fight with you about it," Sherlock said. Not to mention that he remembered all too well what it had felt like when he'd stopped taking the amitriptyline a year ago, and he knew couldn't afford that sort of uncontrollable anxiety right now. Not that he was feeling much better at the moment.
"You're okay," he told her, forcing his tone to stay cheerful as he plucked her from amidst the tree's metal and plastic branches. Their pliability made for a softer landing than a real tree, at least.
"Even after the surgery and rehab, when I came back home again, I'd still be enrolled in the study. I'd be committing to a long-term, intensive physiotherapy regime. Would I follow that? Say the choice was going every other day for a strictly-monitored physio session, or blowing off some of those sessions so I could run off with you on an interesting case. What do you think I would do?"
"Sorry, what?" Mycroft's face was blank and uncomprehending.
"Don't be ridiculous. Of course I didn't. John...no, you couldn't have, because you didn't have your phone on you, did you?"
Sherlock glanced at him, then did as John suggested, fingers sliding over the bulge that had appeared in his lap.
"Sherlock and I. We're, um, we—" He paused, searching for the correct wording, but before he could find it, Molly popped up to her feet again.
Sherlock swallowed and closed the message, then dropped his phone into his pocket. "Okay, Molly. I will, erm, see you later."
John chuckled and moved even closer to him, draping his arm over his chest. "Yes, she can, and she is. I'm going to start calling you Grandad."
"Tetrodotoxin is the poison found in puffer fish. Most cases are accidental and the victims don't ingest enough to be fatal, but with a deliberate poisoning like this, and if it was enough to kill the rest of the family...her chances aren't good."
"I have access to far more resources than you or Scotland Yard, Sherlock. My people will be able to identify the unfortunate former owners much more quickly."
He took a deep breath and let Mummy coax him out of his coat, then allowed himself to be led into the kitchen, though the tea she made for him sat untouched. Mrs. Hudson tried to refill the sugar bowl but instead spilled it all over the floor; somehow Sherlock found himself helping to move the fridge-freezer and sweep the floor beneath it.
Sherlock nodded. "He does pick up quickly." The dog hadn't quite made it to the corner of the room, but it was close enough.
"Sorry." He twisted around until he was on his back with his head in John's lap and his feet hanging over the arm of the sofa. "The last time I smoked, you got upset."
"So you knew I was interested in you? All this time?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Okay...."
"Sherlock," John warned.
"Usually Rosie keeps me busy. I miss her."
"Hmm?"
John laughed. "Sprinklers would've gone off a dozen times in the last year, every time Sherlock set something on fire."
"Come on, enough sulking," John said.
He wrapped Stone's lead twice around his hand to draw him closer and reached with his other hand for the shop door, but before he could pull it open, Stone gave a long, pitiful whine. A split-second later, a crashing boom echoed down the street. Sherlock winced at the volume, then turned towards it. The sound had come from the north. From the direction of their flat. It had sounded like...
"As if I have a watermelon trying to force itself out through my vagina. How do you think I feel?"
He stepped outside and scanned the street, looking for her. Before he could spot her, a woman peeled off from a gaggle of tourists who were headed towards the park. She began walking in his direction.
"No." John picked up the remote from where it sat between them and moved it out of Sherlock's easy reach. "I want to see."
Sherlock looked back at his mother. "All I did was take her by surprise. She was an assassin, as Mycroft said."
"His shoulders?" Molly turned and shouted towards the living room. "Rosie, come on, get your school bag. Sherlock's here to take you home."
"His shoulders," Sherlock repeated, as Rosie came flying out into the kitchen, a tiny backpack festooned with unicorns dangling from one hand. "The left has always bothered him, at least since he was discharged from the army after being shot. And these last few months, he's had quite a lot of muscle pain in the right, as well."
John set to putting the food from the grocery delivery away, half-listening as Rosie and Sherlock chatted about their card-making process. Rosie decorated and wrote her name and the name of each of her classmates on the hearts that Sherlock cut out for her, but after they had finished a few, he began to encourage her to try to draw and cut the hearts herself.
After a few minutes, it became apparent that there was no way he was going to go back to sleep, so he went to have a shower. When he was done and dressed, he emerged from the bedroom to find his kitchen rather full of people. Mrs. Hudson was stood on a chair, digging through one of the cabinets while a large, bald man in a suit stood by her, his hands hovering as if ready to catch her should she fall. Mycroft's choice for security: he did seem rather fit for the task. Anthea was there, as well, leaning against the worktop with her phone in her hand; she didn't look up as Sherlock entered the room. Mycroft sat at the table, hunched over Sherlock's second-best laptop, ignoring everyone else in the room. He'd moved John's tomato plant to the worktop. Sherlock put it back on the table, pushing Mycroft's briefcase out of the way.
“We’re trying.”
Sherlock paused, considering, before he nodded. "Fine. Send them to Baker Street. Rosie would love to have her photo in the papers."
"I was ready to do it. I didn't know what else I could do, and I thought we were all going to die anyway." Sherlock's brow wrinkled and he looked across the room at Eurus. "You...Faith. She had a gun in her handbag. I deduced that she—Faith—intended to kill herself with it. But she wasn't...that wasn't her. That was you. Eurus, were you planning to kill yourself that night?"
"Hello, Sherlock! So good to hear your voice! It's been too long."
"We've already eaten. You need more penne and pasta sauce."
Their escape plan went perfectly, until they got to the morgue and discovered that Molly was not, in fact, working. Sherlock stared at her desk, looking for some clue as to her whereabouts, but her lab coat was draped neatly over the back of her chair, name badge still attached.
"No, that night was awful. I deleted it."
"Let's do it, Sherlock. Let's get together, you and I."
The girl nodded, twisting her hands together in front of her waist. "I'm sorry," she said again. "So you can't walk? Are you still able to...you know...satisfy a woman?"
"Why not?" Moriarty shouted, punctuating each word with a thrust of the gun in his direction. "You moron. How do you expect to defend yourself?"
John whacked him in the shoulder, laughing, then nodded at the carrier bag still on the worktop. "You didn't eat your salad."
"Have you?"
"I find the fact that you can't predict the random whims of a madman to be actually rather encouraging, Sherlock." John kissed him just below his right ear. "He'll slip up eventually, and you'll catch him then."
Sherlock cleared his throat and gave another little wiggle of his body; since he was standing between John's legs now, this was significantly more pleasant, despite the accompanying jingles. "My goal is to provide you with more a positive association with the sound of bells than you currently have."
John reached out, intending to brace himself against Sherlock's arm and pull himself up on his toes to look, but Sherlock started walking away before he got a chance. John followed, of course, and a moment later saw Mrs. Hudson slowly making her way towards them, accompanied by Greg and Molly. A police escort. He wondered if Greg had really driven here in a panda car with the lights and sirens on. Probably not. Maybe. Rosie was now old enough that she would have been mortified at the thought, though he didn't think that she would mind that they had come to see her. But she did have a short solo during the band's second song, which she'd been worrying about for weeks, so it was probably for the best that she didn't know how many people had come to watch before she went on stage.
“Completing various neglected tasks in order to win back Mrs. Hudson’s favour,” Sherlock notes dryly. “Not subtle, but likely to be effective.”
He attends to the tasks given him, unloading the car and heading towards the jet, laden with their various bags.
a nasty little voice whispers from behind a steel door in his mind.
out of you tonight.”
“John.”
“It already has,” John observes.
“Of course not,” Sherlock retorts, and if he’s a bit more defensive than is warranted, John is kind enough to let it slide. “I just… I wonder sometimes. If we’re both...” He finds himself stumbling over his words, not entirely certain what it is he’s trying to say.
“You’re hurting him,” she says without preamble.
John busies himself with the novel, trying to convince himself it’s better than it actually is. He is just starting to buy his own bullshit and get immersed in the narrative, when a timid knock sounds at the door.
But still it had always been an inequality, one that Sherlock didn’t even seem aware of and John had made his peace with, but still present and consequential in some very real way.
causes Sherlock to finally rise from his coma-like repose on the couch and stalk into the bedroom, slamming the door behind himself with a great deal more force than necessary, making the landlady jump and squeak in alarm.
“Better?” he asks.
"Sherlock.
Sherlock nods, deliberately slowing his breathing as he gazes at John with wide, shocked eyes.
“I appreciate the offer, Doctor, but that’s really not necess--”
“Bloody ecstatic, thanks,” Lestrade replies, grinning from ear to ear as he turns away. John can’t stop the tiny chuckle that escapes him, and even Sherlock can’t help but give a twist of his lips.
“Apology accepted,” the other man replies, chilly and equally insincere. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have other patients as well.”
Sherlock can feel his back tighten and arch, feel the tendons in his neck straining, but his orgasm hovers just barely out of reach--
Today looked to be the perfect day. No corpses, no chases, no danger; just boxes of paperwork filled out in triplicate and tattered bags of poorly-preserved evidence. John is certain that barring the criminals of London getting a sudden rush of inspiration, Sherlock will be terminally restless and irritated by the end of the day.
John thinks with a mental sigh.
“He made allegations,” Sherlock supplies. “Likely about the nature of your relationship with me.”
“Is your pain worse?” Sherlock asks, brows drawing together in concern.
to me.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says simply. “I promised, didn’t I?”
the little voice of worry in the back of his mind croons, low and persuasive.
John lifts his head, kisses the crease where buttock meets thigh. “Is it good, pet?”
“Oh, I will, but I’ll let you have a hot cup of tea first. I’m not a monster, you know.”
“I guess that’s...good to know?” A ghost of a smile crosses John’s lips,  but his face is tired and gaunt and a bit sad. He looks up at Sherlock. “I know I’ve burnt a lot of bridges, and rebuilding them is going to take time.” He uncrosses his arms, moves closer to Sherlock. “But I’m willing to do whatever it takes. As long as it takes. As long as that’s what you want.”
“What’s wrong?” John asks, voice pitched low, aiming for soothing without being condescending. If there was a degree program in talking down Sherlock Holmes, he’d certainly have been awarded a PhD by now.
“I think,” he says, with the air of a man contemplating a great decision, “We’d like to purchase that 2002 silver Ford Focus as well. With the tags, if you please.”
He had wanted this, and now it is on the cusp of becoming real. He realises he has changed the parameters of their game in a fundamental way, and he suddenly feels threatened somehow, like he has foolishly blundered out of the safety of what he knows so well into something unfamiliar and terrifying.
“You secret is safe for another day, my love.” John presses a sleepy kiss into the side of his torso, just above his nipple. “How much longer for the stew?”
“Vanomycin, Zofran, Tramadol, Colace. They also gave you a prescription for Valium, as needed, so let me know if you want one.”
“Who’s Evelyn?” John murmurs.
Comprehension dawns in D'Annibale’s eyes and his nostrils flare in anger. "Make your point or get the hell out."
"And the fake kidnapping thing?" asks John.
Sherlock watches John for what feels like hours. John feels his gaze but doesn’t look at him, eyes fixed resolutely on the ceiling.
A lifetime later John caps the scalpel and tosses it into the plastic bag, pulling off the soiled gloves as blood runs freely down Sherlock’s chest. “It’s all done now, love, shh,” he murmurs as he drops the bag into the leather satchel and shoves it carelessly off the bed. He reaches up to Sherlock’s face, wipes away his tears with the pads of his thumbs. “It’s over now, shh, don’t cry.” He murmurs gentle words of comfort as he covers Sherlock’s eyelids, his cheeks, his lips in small soft kisses. His lips trace the edge of his jaw, down the long column of his throat. He dips his head and places a reverent kiss to his sternum, just to the right of the lines cut into his flesh, then moves lower, tracing his tongue down to Sherlock’s navel and back up again, then pulling back to look again at his handiwork, at the crimson streams flowing across milk-white skin.
“I know,” Sherlock says. “It’s all right. You’re recovering, and it’s incredibly challenging.”
He hurries to complete his usual ablutions before picking up his cup of coffee and pulling a chair up to Sherlock's side.
Sherlock nods.
Alex Johnson emerges from the courthouse, pauses to don mirrored wraparound sunglasses before crossing the street against the light, mere metres away from where the SUV is parked. He’s a pallid, nondescript man, with the bloated but still vaguely muscular look of a former athlete slowly losing the fight against the gravitational pull of middle age. His suit is well cut and clearly expensive, his salt and pepper hair cut in a short, bristly way that John viscerally dislikes.
“Just a glance. Standard issue white van. Ford Econostar, oh-eight or oh-nine.  Rear tag deliberately obscured. Crumpled fender on the back driver’s side, minor accident with a small car, likely a Mini, possibly a Fiat. Traces of green paint visible along the dent."
, all right?”
The warm, companionable closeness of just a little while ago suddenly feels like ancient history.
, he finally decides. It is not wrong. It is not selfish. They are stronger together, they always have been, and they need each other, on some visceral, cellular level. That’s always been the case, since the first day they laid eyes on each other, and it’s true now more than ever.
“Good night’s work,” John says quietly as Sherlock starts the car. Sherlock gives an indistinct grunt in reply, brain already spinning at a mile a minute, piecing together information even as he drives back to the motel, careful to stick to the smaller side streets just to be on the safe side.
“You can’t really go wrong with that," John tells him, gently reassuring. “Just watch out for teeth. Don’t try to take too much at once. Keep your hand around the part not, um, in your mouth.”
In short, the two men in the small room are restless, snappish, and starting to annoy the crap out of each other due to sheer lack of external stimuli.
“I swear to God, I saw someone carry on a
“Nothing,” John replies, sheepish. He gingerly moves himself into the shower stream, drops of water stinging his battered skin.
“Bend your leg at the knee.” Sherlock presses his fingers expertly into the meat of John’s hip flexor, massaging out the cramp. It passes in a few moments, as quickly as it came on.
“Fucking bloody
“Ah, the French,” John replies, appreciatively. “I like how they think.”
John tears his eyes away from that beautiful face--the effort of it almost a physical pain--and stands before turning away, crossing the small sitting room with a few strides. He turns the lock and slides the bolt home on the first door, then does the same for the kitchen door before returning to stand in front of Sherlock’s seated form, almost directly between his still-spread knees. He grabs the hem of his white shirt with both hands, pulls it up and over his head in one smooth motion, tosses it aside.
Their entire life together is written on Sherlock’s body, John realizes, etched indelibly onto that canvas of beautiful pale skin, and at the sudden thought of the weight and pain Sherlock has borne to get to
John give a short exhale of surprise. “Sweetheart. Are you sure?”
It’s locked, to John’s absolute lack of surprise.
Sherlock hands over the bottle, and John finishes off the rest of the water.
Sherlock’s eager prick is so hard it’s nearly horizontal with his belly, rising from a charmingly, unexpectedly wild thatch of dark reddish hair. His scrotum is lightly furred as well, the thin skin stretched shiny tight over large, full, heavy testicles.
But Sherlock’s already gone, shoving roughly past John and stalking out the door. His feet pound down the steps, and as he leaves Baker Street he slams the front door behind him with a loud crash, making the very walls of the building jump and quiver.
“Come in my mouth,” John tells him, and swallows him down without preamble. The sudden wet heat surrounding his cock is unbelievable; Sherlock grunts and moans in base, mindless need as his hips lift involuntarily off the bed, seeking more of the unbelievable pleasure, the hot slick suction taking his mind and body to pieces. John pushes his hips back down onto the bed, holding him still as he works his cock ardently, taking him deep into his throat, using his tongue along the underside of the shaft, hollowing his cheeks as he sucks him with greedy abandon.
Emboldened by the moment and the darkness, John reaches out, brushes Sherlock’s wrist with the backs of his fingers. His skin is warm and dry, the hairs sparse and silky soft.
“I would like to,” Sherlock says. “Again. That is, if you’re open to the idea.”
“Then ask me for what you want.”
He dreams of John, lost in the desert sands, lost in darkness so complete it might be outer space. Sherlock knows he’s out there, hears his voice from somewhere beyond the horizon, and Sherlock looks and looks but can’t find him anywhere.
Sherlock sketches a toast with his mug, drinks, swallows, makes a bit of a graceless choking noise immediately after.
“You won’t hurt me. I swear. Just, God, please, just--”
Sherlock smooths his new coat, unconsciously mirroring John’s gesture. “Lead the way.”
She turns and leaves without another word, closing the front door softly behind her.
“Come for me, love,” John breathes. “Come for me now, I want to feel you come while I’m buried inside you, I want to feel you come so hard for me--”
“So how many trials, do you think?” John asks, amused.
“The smell, John,” Sherlock replies. It hits him suddenly, a trace of something sharp and volatile hanging in the air, filling his nostrils.
He releases his grip on Sherlock’s cock and brings his fingers up to where the drawstring  is tied loosely around his hips.
,” he had pointed out for the third or fourth or tenth time. “It’s just an excuse for adults to stand around and eat cake.”
“Out of…”
John makes a face of mock consideration, then nods. “Brilliantly.”
the test. Well, that’s the machine. The entirety of the test is known as Voight-Kampff analysis.”
“I am not letting you take my daughter,” he rasps, voice hoarse and shaking as much as his hand. He’s sweating, disheveled, eyes wide but his pupils tiny.
The lights of the smoky club dim.
“I’m really not.”
“Because I would really, really like to fuck you right into this mattress.”
“No,” Seb says honestly.
It’s been twenty-three minutes.
Nothing else on the chalkboard looks useful to John’s eye. He sees CVS receipts, an appointment card for Lehigh Valley Pediatrics, a magnet proclaiming “Librarians: the original search engine.”
incandescent. “So I can call you love, then?”
When they’ve made it down to the first floor, John takes a deep breath and pastes a calm, relaxed, I’m-not-bleeding-internally look on his face. Patricia is at her desk awaiting them -- well, John, mostly -- with a hundred-watt smile.
He can’t seem to pull himself together, though, can’t seem to calm his racing pulse. The room seems to shrink, the depressing walls close and stifling. John needs to get his head together. He needs a drink. He gathers up the scattered photographs, pockets them and brushes past Lestrade as he leaves without another word.
John is looking at him, patient but expectant.
in 2012. He hasn’t set foot in his office in almost two years, and almost certainly never will again. Alexander Johnson just keeps his name on the shingle to look like a larger, more legitimate practice.”
His face is composed, but he looks down, smooths an invisible crease in his trousers before continuing.
John scrambles clumsily to his feet, straightens, shrugs off the assistance offered to him as he shakes his head, trying to clear it. He’s wasted far too much time already, and now he’s lost the trail, lost Sherlock -- It’s almost certainly a trap, John decides, and he’s on the wrong side of it, and
Jim killed six men, that night, men far too base and greedy and stupid to recognise a precious angel in their very midst, six filthy grasping humans who treated Seb as nothing more than a walking, breathing fucktoy. Jim had killed before, of course, but never before had he felt so glorious, so righteous in his slaughter.
Both men look up as Sherlock and John enter the room, glaring flatly at them as they cross to the exit door at the far end.
he tells himself to no avail,
His gun in the shoulder holster under his coat feels oppressively heavy.
He brushes a stray dark curl away from Sherlock’s forehead as the mood shifts into something more fraught, more serious. Sherlock’s white rounded teeth worry at his pink lower lip, as he runs fingers up and then down against the side of John’s forearm, tracing the outline of his flexed brachioradialis muscle.
“Course I have,” John says, “after all, I was m--”
John hadn’t realized how many sizes and styles of freezer bags one could choose from.
“It’s fine,” John says automatically. “So, we’re doing the statement now?”
“Quite suits you,” he decides.
“Need a room for the night,” John says, not bothering to hide his accent, giving her his best nonthreatening smile as he slides the prepaid Visa card across the counter. “Ground floor, outside, if you have it.”
“I am,” murmurs Sherlock, as his fingertips slide over the small of John’s back, explore the swell of his arse.
“I don’t know if she will forgive me,” he admits, barely above a whisper. “Sherlock, tell me. How can she ever forgive me? How can I ever forgive myself?”
he tells himself sternly.
John nods and kisses him again, pushing his worries aside and kissing Sherlock the way he deserves to be kissed, with single-minded devotion, determined to show him with this simple physical act everything Sherlock means to him.
So there’s only one thing for it, then. A traditional gesture, a bit cliched perhaps, but--
“Please.” It’s all Sherlock can remember, his entire existence distilled down to his overwhelming need, the burning ache in his belly, the tightness in his balls, the single word he has to convey his desperate want. “Please,” he begs, almost sobbing with desperation. “Please.”
“The blindfold, I think,” John finally decides aloud, turning away slightly to pick up a folded silk scarf from the bedside table. He drapes it across Sherlock’s eyes, ties it carefully, knotting the fabric in a neat, flat knot at at the back of his head, taking care not to catch or tug at his hair.
The cashier, a young, kind-eyed Sikh in a cobalt blue turban and cheerful paisley short-sleeved buttondown, looks up from the open book on the counter. His brow creases in concern as he takes in John’s heavy breathing, wild eyes, and thoroughly disheveled and disreputable appearance.
Taffey is an...unpleasant looking man. Not fat, exactly, but flabby and moist looking, his skin the color of an underground mushroom.
. That skin job you VK’d at the Holmes Corporation, Sherlock? He disappeared. Ditched his tracking implant and ran. Didn’t even know he was a replicant, Holmes said. Imagine that.”
And sometimes, when things went bad, this was what Sherlock needed. John knew Sherlock wanted John to hit him, beat him with a riding crop or belt until his mind was blank and washed clean by pain and endorphins, but John just wasn’t emotionally able to separate that kind of activity from his own difficult and violent upbringing; or, for that matter, from the horrific abuse Sherlock had endured in his time away, memories finally shared with John in nighttime whispers and never mentioned in the daylight.
“I should have known,” says Sherlock, voice tight with something very close to despair. "The kind of contacts he had, the breadth and depth of his enterprises, the resources he had at his disposal--no one man, clever as he was, could have assembled an empire of that scope. It all fits. I know it sounds outlandish, but if we eliminate the impossible…” His fists clench and unclench in frustration. “I should have seen it, John. It's inexcusable that I didn't. "
“Nothing complicated,” Sherlock replies. "He has cases in Family Court on Thursday mornings, and his office hours are from noon until five. We’ll arrive shortly before twelve and get in to see him.”
“I, um. I got you something,” John says, holding out the black box.
“He did,” Sherlock says. “Introduced me to the baser pleasures of the flesh.”
“Tell me what you want.”
Mary is a threat that has to be neutralized, at least for the time being, until the brothers can cobble together a workable plan to bring her down for good. To accomplish that John must do the unthinkable, and pretend to forgive the woman who shot Sherlock in the heart.
“He may have killed her,” he says.
“Verisimilitude, John.” Sherlock rumbles. John huffs a breath of laughter, then rests his forehead briefly on Sherlock’s chest.
Wait.
Minutes pass. He’s almost asleep for real when Sherlock finally speaks.
“If John really wants to talk, he knows how to reach me.” Sherlock stands, turns up his collar. “If there’s nothing else, Detective,” he says, “I really am too busy to waste time on idle chit chat.” He strides out, hearing the DI’s resigned sigh as he rudely, deliberately neglects to close the door behind him.
All eyes widening in fear, the group collectively back several steps away from him.
“I missed you,” John murmurs. “God, I missed you so much.”
A shower is non-negotiable; after he steps out of the tub and dries off, he swipes Sherlock’s spare dressing gown from the door hook. The sleeves hang comically below his fingertips, so he haphazardly rolls them up before making his way to the kitchen.
Sherlock shook his head, sliding away from the swing until he hit the back of his chair. He pulled his knees up to his chest, clasping the fabric of his pyjama bottoms so tightly in his fists that John thought it would rip. "I'm not good at these ordinary things that most people can do. You know that. Why would you think I can do this?"
"I am." He turned his back on his mother, standing in between her and John so he could hold his arms out to Rosie. "I bet you want to meet the new baby, don't you little Rose?"
The only person Sherlock loved. "Molly?" He'd said as much a few minutes ago—or had it been hours, now?
"Hmm." Sherlock put the water back on the nightstand for him and sat down on the bed next to Rosie, then pulled back the rumpled sheets and blankets that John lay beneath.
"We—our bedroom?" John said.
Sherlock swallowed. He had to tell him; he was bound to find out about it eventually, and it was better that he hear it now from him, instead of from some random acquaintance who had happened to be watching when Moriarty put him on the air. "More than just my family. Moriarty managed to broadcast it on live television."
Sherlock was right, John thought, but the conclusion he was drawing was wrong. Moriarty had been just as much of a psychopath as Eurus was, and he'd flaunted it in front of both Sherlock and Mycroft, never trying to hide his crimes. That didn't mean Eurus shouldn't be locked up, though. It just meant Moriarty should have been, as well.
Lestrade wrinkled his nose and picked up the bag of takeaway. "I need to go and change my clothes, even if we do stay. You want to go put this on a couple of plates and then these two can watch us eat?"
His own cock, now mostly soft, bobbed between John's upper thighs as he worked, holding himself up on his knees and one elbow. He moved his hand automatically between John's legs, while using more creativity on his nipples. The left one, with the ring, didn't get as erect as the unpierced one did, but he knew the ring enhanced what John felt. He'd never had particularly sensitive nipples before he'd been hurt, but now this was one of his favourite things. Sherlock expected he'd have the other one pierced before the year was up—he had his own ideas about things they could do with chains, then.
Beside him, Mrs. Hudson shrieked a dainty scream and John let go of Gladstone so he could put a steadying hand on her elbow. "Jesus Christ," John breathed. "Those are—"
"But he killed his employees. And he might have killed Gemma, if she had been in her office. Why is he just toying with us?"
He forced himself to stop thinking about it by looking around the room, trying to see if there was anything he needed to do in here before Eurus woke up and demanded her eggs. He'd cleaned up almost everything, but the sheets did still need to be changed. He couldn't see it with the top one pulled up to Eurus's chest, but he knew that the bottom sheet had been soaked through during delivery, and while it may have dried by now, there was blood on it. Blood. Not a lot, but enough. In John's mind it had merged with his memory of the walls of Sherrinford, painted the colour of dried blood during the middle of Eurus's torture games.
"Take Eve—" John's thoughts stuttered. "Why would he try to take her?"
"I want to. What else am I supposed to do? I can't use my phone and that computer is older than dirt—I'm not going to try to use that to keep myself occupied. Take off the holster."
"How many did you have?" John asked, without looking up from the football match, when Sherlock came back into the living room.
"Oh, I'd only just started. I like to take things slow, don't you? It's no fun if the game is over too soon. I had lots more fun and games planned." He sighed and brought the hand holding the gun up again, using the barrel to scratch at the side of his face. "But then this morning you said you didn't want to play anymore." He shook his head. "How did you think this was going to end, Sherlock? Did you think we would shake hands and part ways?" He raised his empty right hand as if to shake, then dropped it again. "Did you think I would realise you love Johnny and throw myself from the roof in despair?" He made the whistling sound again; it sounded much more sinister now. "No." He pointed the gun at Sherlock once more, his hand steady. "I could shoot you in the head right now, put an end to all those clever thoughts of yours." He aimed the gun at Sherlock's face for one interminable heartbeat before lowering it. "But maybe you're right. Maybe I don't want to kill you. It would be a waste of a beautiful mind, after all."
While John went to talk to the paramedics, Sherlock pulled out his phone to update Mycroft on the situation. He looked up when a car slowed and then stopped at the kerb behind the ambulance, expecting to see Lestrade or another detective from his division. It wasn't. It was a reporter, popping out of the car as if she thought she was about to break the news story of the century. No camera person with her, though—that was one small mercy, at least.
"Me, too." Sherlock said. "I ordered lunch to be delivered at one. That should give us time to get cleaned up and dressed, I think."
"Don't you dare stop taking them. Not again. Not now."
Sherlock wanted to ask John if he really thought he could possibly be interested in Moriarty—
For the briefest of moments, Sherlock thought he was hallucinating.
Sherlock nodded. "We'll do it again."
"I just told you. I thought I'd see if I could grow some tomatoes."
"Is that why you're doing this? To get attention?"
"I left early." She slipped off her shoes and came all the way into the living room to stand on the other side of the coffee table from them.
"He's virtually raising one already, in case you haven't noticed. He parents Rosie nearly as much as I do, and just as well."
He pushed Stone away from his wheelchair so he could exit the lift, not letting him lick his hands, which he'd scrubbed nearly raw over the last week. "Do not kiss me," he said to Sherlock, as he wheeled himself into the flat. "Do not try to kiss me."
“Relax.” There was nothing relaxed about the way Mycroft said the word, and Sherlock wasn’t about to follow his command. Instead he got his coat and put it on, then opened the front door so he would hear the helicopter as it approached.
Sherlock knew the style of the fence that fronted it, and the slight bend to the tree at the edge of the property looked familiar as well.
It was a brief kiss, chaste, of course, though far, far different from any kiss Sherlock had shared before, and not simply because it was with John. It was if a small spark of electricity passed between them, though there was no carpet in the room likely to have given them a shock. Kissing John was simply...electrifying.
"Yes, but I didn't believe you. You'll stay. Molly doesn't mind watching Rosie for a little longer."
"John." Sherlock sighed.
It hadn't been obvious until she was on the stairs, but her centre of gravity was off. Not as much as it would be in later months—most people would probably not even have noticed it yet, but Sherlock did.
"Why?"
Moriarty pulled John’s vest up higher, pushing the unbuttoned shirt off his shoulders. “Whoa! Look at that one! That must have hurt!” He passed his fingertips over the bigger, dark purple mark the size and shape of Sherlock’s mouth that stretched over the thick muscle of John’s right shoulder. “Got a little kink going on here, the two of you, hmm?” He zoomed the camera back out and grinned at it.
Mycroft interrupted, his voice infuriatingly calm. "She may have disguised herself so that you didn't recognise her."
“John left and now we can’t find him,” Mycroft said, while Sherlock scowled at him from the sofa.
"Here." Anthea reached across the table to hand him a small foil packet containing a wet wipe. Lavender-scented. He tore open the package, wondering how often she—or Mycroft—got dirty enough to require her to carry wipes around.
Sherlock made himself breathe slowly for a few seconds, then continued, calmer than he had been. "All right, but that was last summer. Why haven't you said anything since then?"
"Yes, it is. And you'll see that it says not everyone who takes it develops dementia."
Sherlock brought his hands up to his head and tugged at his own hair, mind racing as he tried to determine if he might have missed someone or if Moriarty was simply trying to bait him.
Sherlock sighed and slumped in his chair. Two turns later, Donovan stole the candles from Lestrade and Lestrade ended up with a bottle of wine, but Sherlock was too bored to gloat.
"But she was willing to let you die at Sherrinford."
"All right." John brought their hands up to plant a kiss on Sherlock's knuckles. "Want me to try to make you feel better?"
John rolled back a bit and put out a hand to urge Stone to sit rather than jumping onto either of them. "While that would be nice, you could probably benefit from something a little more aerobic."
"Sherlock, what you do in the privacy of your own flat is your business."
"Stop it." John flicked at his arm with his other hand. "You're embarrassing Mycroft."
"Me, too." Sherlock scooted sideways, closer to the door, and turned to face John directly. "You go down first. I don't want to try to step over you."
While he was in with his second patient of the afternoon, his phone beeped with a text. Sherlock's tone. As soon as he finished explaining to Mrs. Tucker how to take her blood pressure medicine and sent her on her way, he pulled his phone from his pocket.
John let his arms slide off Sherlock's chest so their heads were nearly touching once more. He dropped a light kiss on Sherlock's lips and then pulled back. "Is that camera Mycroft put above the mirror still recording?"
Sherlock turned in the opposite direction and began to head back through the kitchen towards their bedroom.
"Watch out." Sherlock leaned to the side to shove the coffee table out of the way. Stone lifted his head from the floor, startled by the sudden movement, and Sherlock tapped him on the rear. "Go lie upside down in the corner."
"No, I just—" She worried her hands together, then took the glass Sherlock had been holding. "I heard what your brother said to Greg about what happened, and I was just surprised to find you two here. I thought you'd still be in hospital. Except, I knew you left the hospital, so...." She trailed off uncertainly.
John grinned at him. "She knows, Sherlock. She knows."
"You can't—"
The next morning Sherlock dragged himself out of bed so he could eat breakfast with John. It was far too early, but John was already dressed for work in a blazer and khakis, his hair carefully combed into place. Sherlock slumped in a chair at the kitchen table and watched him pack himself a lunch. Sherlock poked at a piece of toast and debated asking him to stay home, but after dragging him to the Crawfords' flat yesterday and then failing to solve the case, he suspected John wouldn't appreciate it if he insisted that he needed him around again today.
Sherlock nodded, then shook his head. "You're right."
The other reason I like Christmas is because there is no school. School is okay but also very boring. We have to read a lot but not things that are fun like books with good stories in them. I do like seeing my friends at school but this year Daddy says I can have Abby come over to visit and he will make sure that Sherlock cleans up his mess first and doesn't try to scare her. I don't think she will be scared because the only kid Sherlock has ever scared was Alfie Richardson when he told me I couldn't play on the monkey bars because I was a girl and that was two years ago.
"Of course, I accepted immediately. It's only a single bed, so that's why Daddy didn't come with me today. We weren't sure if you'd be using the bedroom upstairs, John?"
John laughed. "It's a skill you can practice and learn."
Finally, John finished chatting and joined him in Lestrade's office. "How's it going?"
Mrs. Hudson had lived a life of far too much risk. Sherlock should have known better than to ask her for advice about John. But he hadn't heard anything more from The Woman, and he was desperate. Just not desperate enough to follow Mrs. Hudson's recommendation that he simply tell John what he felt. Instead, he put on his third best suit and called up to John that he was ready to go to the Christmas party.
"A kiss," John said, and raised his eyebrows.
Rosie wrinkled her nose in thought. "Leo is cute—Sherlock's right about that. And he's really nice, but I think he's too dumb for me to have a long-term relationship with him, unfortunately. But I wouldn't mind a few dates."
"Won't need to," John said. He pulled his hand away and pointed with his thumb over his shoulder, towards the road, where a black car sat idling at the kerb. Not a cab.
"I do have excellent reflexes. And I am a fast learner." And he knew he would be more inclined to take part if John were also involved. "Maybe. I'll check my schedule, see if I'm free." He reached over to pull one of the newspapers off the table and began to leaf through it so John would stop talking about his mental health. "Oh, looks like Mummy is about to be disappointed."
Sherlock met John's eyes and grimaced, then went after her. John hesitated for a moment before following them. His first instinct was to give them some private family time, but he knew Sherlock wouldn't want to be alone with his mother for long.
"None have us have killed without reason, unlike Eurus. And I've never pulled the trigger."
John's hands tightened on the grips of his crutches. "No, I really can't."
"Oh, I don't know." Mr. Holmes patted his shirt pocket, then shrugged. "I left my phone at home."
Sherlock sat down behind him, bracketing his body with his legs. He ran his hands briefly through John's hair, which had been somewhat flattened by his hours in the hospital, then down his neck. "Want to take off your shirt?"
"Oh, hang on. Her water bottle." Molly left the kitchen and returned a moment later, holding a metal bottle decorated with anatomically impossible puppies in one hand. "Oh, and take this, too, Sherlock. Hopefully John won't mind the scent." She held out another, smaller bottle, made of translucent brown plastic, just slightly larger than her hand.
"He's fine," Mycroft said. "Listen to me. John is not the one under attack right now." He held Sherlock's phone out to him. "Check your text messages. You've received a video link from an unknown number, as did I, early this morning."
Sherlock wrinkled his brow, unsure of what John meant.
If it hadn’t been his only connection to John, Sherlock would have picked up a log from the fireplace and smashed in the television screen. Instead he sank down onto the sofa in front of it, briefly glancing at his phone in case Moriarty was trying to contact him again. Nothing.
"Of course."
Focus on the matter at hand. John's shoulders. The scar high on his left was small, just a dark, puckered spot on the front of the shoulder, with no trace of an exit wound behind it. Even after a decade, Sherlock still didn't know if the bullet had been removed or was still inside him, splintered into shrapnel too complicated to remove without causing more damage. Maybe that was why his shoulder ached; perhaps his muscles still strained against the foreign objects embedded in them. Sherlock didn't ask and John didn't volunteer.
Except he didn't know what else he could do. He'd analysed the fingerprints and the fingernails and the tissue and the blood and the rings and the box and the wrapping paper it had come in. He knew that the gift wrap had been sold in stores and online for the last three years and that the woman was a universal blood donor and that the man was taking an SSRI and had traces of Xanax in his blood, but he still didn't know whose fingers they were, or why Moriarty might have chosen to target the victims, or if they'd been chosen randomly, innocent casualties of a madman's obsession.
John looks up at Sherlock when he enters, face calm and impassive.
Sherlock, of course, is unruffled by the man’s laser-focused hatred. He counts out another stack of hundreds onto the counter. The pawnbroker snatches them up and practically throws the keys at him in return.
"There's a pink ribbon on the plant." John squints, tries to marshal his battered faculties. "Why is there a pink ribbon on the plant?"
“Drippy and sticky?”
He’s never been afraid of Sherlock, not once in their entire relationship; but not for the first time, John finds himself becoming very, very afraid
“Doctor Watson.
“Nestor, for fuck’s sake, stop whimpering, it ain’t broken.” He returns his attention to Sherlock. “Now, gentlemen, seeing as you have the upper hand, at least for the moment. What can I help you with today?”
And also, when had John become something he needed protection from?
John sighs in exasperation. “This is none of your business.”
Sherlock takes the offered hand. “This is your business?” Sherlock asks as they shake.
John holds up a hand. “Whatever you have to say, just fucking don’t. It has caffeine and sugar. Drink it or don’t, but I don’t want to hear a goddamn word.”
When he’s finished, Sherlock looks both younger and older, achingly vulnerable and yet somehow dangerous, a sad child’s eyes peering out from the pale, angular visage of a cold, grief-hardened man.
“No,” he says flatly. “You are not talking right now. In fact, you are not talking again until I tell you to. Do you understand me?”
“I’m off to Barts,” he tells John from the doorway between the hall and the kitchen, buttoning his cuffs. “Molly’s got herself a
John shrugs and looks out the window, refusing to meet Sherlock’s gaze.
.” She spits out the word, her eyes cold and implacable. “Because it’s always been him, hasn’t it? Even when you put a ring on my finger and called yourself my spouse, it’s always,
“So you think they’re going to go to the vacation house?” John shakes his head. “I mean, your deductions are sound, but the sum of it seems so…bloody
“I was really hoping,” Sherlock says after a long moment, and John can hear the disappointment in his voice. “Oh well. I suppose it was a long shot. Turn the torch on, please?”
John can tell the exact moment he changes his mind. Something in the set of Sherlock’s shoulders relaxes, ever so slightly, as the ghost of a grin touches his lips.
“Answer me,” John ordered.
Sherlock thinks, but he’s still in that calm submissive space where he wouldn’t dream of arguing with John, so he remains quiet.
sleep.”
He stands there for a moment, wondering what the hell he should do next.
is to carry on Mycroft Holmes’ work and legacy. I trusted him implicitly, and he trusted you with what was most precious to him in the world. He considered you a friend, Doctor Watson. Therefore, so do I. And furthermore... I hope you consider me your friend, as well.”
“Not the feminization part, and for the record I don’t find women’s clothing humiliating in the slightest. So I suppose It’s tactile thing, really,” Sherlock said with a shrug. “Silk, lace. Expensive fabrics. I like them. I would find it an interesting sensation.” Sherlock takes a pull of his drink, his cheeks gone a bit pink. “Being held tightly and... rubbed. So intimately.”
he says in a kinder tone. “I promise.”
Hanging on to the grab bars, it takes John upwards of half a minute to carefully enter the shower stall. There’s a shower chair. John eyes it with derision.
John tries to fight his way to full consciousness. He’s desperate to open his eyes and let Sherlock know he is alive, he is
Sherlock almost rolls his eyes--it’s always the same damn word--but with his collar on, such a show of disrespect will absolutely not be tolerated. The realization of that is almost instantly calming, freeing. “Red,” he answers, his voice even.
John climbs out of bed, pads into the loo for a very perfunctory wash, then pulls on his pants and vest before following.
“I believe, in fact,” Sherlock, “I was promised a very specific reward.” He braces his feet on the floor to push his chair away from the kitchen table, and tugs John firmly by his good arm until he’s standing in between his spread thighs.
“Why is this a battle?” Molly’s eyes soften just a fraction, her voice growing more pleading. “Honestly, John, why? You love each other, I know you do. So why are you doing this to him?”
“I swear, the weirdest things get stuck in your pop culture filter,” John replies, shaking his head but smiling just a bit. He opens the freezer door, takes out two packages of vegetarian sausage and puts them in his trolley.
Sherlock doesn’t look up from his phone. “Come in,” he calls, disinterested
John purses his lips.“I’m not sure I follow.”
“He came here under his own power,” Sherlock murmurs, “barefoot, missing most of his blood volume. So wherever he came from isn’t far--a mile, perhaps two. He staggered here, cold, weak. He knew this building, knew it offered some protection from the elements. He was beyond exhausted. He laid down to rest for a minute--”
Honestly, this is getting ridiculously sentimental. It makes Sherlock feel itchy and annoyed.
“You have given this some thought, I see.” John looks up at him, bemused, and then his brow creases as a thought occurs to him. “How did you know--” he starts, and then realises. “Oh, God. You had Mycroft look at my NHS records, you--
“I’m fine,” John replies, his voice catching on something in his chest, coming out rough and strange. He’s about to say something else--
“I know myself, I know how I feel,” John says, snippier now, irritation edging out guilt. “Also, may I remind you I am also a trained and licensed physician.”
“You are not an idiot,” Sherlock says. “Not in the least. Compared to most people, you’re positively bright at least some of the time.”
. I gave you prescription medication, administered per your instructions.”
Sherlock nods once, and sinks back down into unconsciousness.
"I get that," John says. "I do. But we're here now, at the edge of the frying pan." He waves a hand at the direction of the innocuous-looking plant. "Go on, then. Open the card."
“No,” says Sherlock softly, and lapses into a silence tinged with sadness. He follows wordlessly behind John until they reach the breakfast cereal.
He is crouched between John’s thighs, one hand splayed on his hip, the other around his cock. He is eyeing it with what can only be described as trepidation.
John pulls almost all the way out, teases his sore rim with just the head of his cock. “I love the way your arse looks when you’re opened up for me,” he rasps, “the way you feel when I sink inside you.” He pushes in deep with a low groan. “You were made for me to fuck you,” he gasps. “You were put on this earth just for this, just to take my cock, weren’t you?”
“Like selling babies,” John concurs, hating the way the words feel in his mouth. He takes another swallow of Gatorade to wash it away.
Thinking of Mary, of her face pinched with disappointment, John feels a wave of utter exhaustion wash over him. Suddenly unwilling to stay upright, he stretches out on the couch, balances the glass on his chest as his eyes drift shut.
“Why indeed,” Sherlock murmurs, then takes a final drag of his smoke, flicks the glowing cherry out the half open window and field strips his cigarette, pocketing the filter. “Let’s go find out, shall we?”
“David,” John says.
“Yes, God,
The mirror is an old, tatty charity shop monstrosity, a meter and a half tall and two meters wide. It rests on the floor, propped against the wall facing their bed. Masses of mismatched pillar candles are grouped on either side of the mirror, their light reflected in the silvered glass, wax dripping and pooling on the trays beneath.
“Good thing I have you to keep me right, then,” John says.
His life right now is an ongoing clusterfuck, and he finds himself unable to either back out or find a clear path forward.
“Mr  Watson,” Sherlock says, his tone turned formal and serious. “Doctor Mycroft Holmes.”
, and it doesn’t help us to start jumping at shadows. With all that said, I’m trying to keep Lou Andrews’ words in mind and not overlook women as a variable. We’ll stay on alert, just in case.”
“Yes, John,” he breathes. “Yes, please, oh please.”
John ends the call and tries Sherlock’s phone again, hoping against all probability that he will pick up and proclaim John prone to hilarious overreaction.
“I’m not in the habit of talking to strangers,” she states flatly, eyes hard and suspicious.
John’s dark blue eyes flicker up to look at him, and Sherlock sees the desire there, tinged with amusement and a touch of apprehension. He smiles, a lovely thing that warms Sherlock to the core.
“You’re so fucking beautiful,” he breathes, and a flicker of a smile crosses Sherlock’s lush mouth as he slips his shirt from his shoulders. His upper body is slim, spare yet well-defined, pale save for the healing red ring of John's tooth marks on his right deltoid. The silver barbells that pierce his small pink nipples glitter in the low light, making John want to bite them, close over them with his teeth, wringing yelps and whimpers from Sherlock with every tug.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, looking at the floor.
“So,” Sherlock says breathlessly after they break apart for air. “Do you still...um...” he trails off, self-conscious, then quirks an eyebrow just a tick and grins a bit at his own awkwardness. “You know. Want to?”
“Okay, Patricia,” John says, projecting a calm and competent demeanour he absolutely does not feel. “What’s happened?”
“You’re being all doctor-y now,” Sherlock grumbles. “You were much more fun downstairs.”
Jim nods thoughtfully.
“Raise up a bit,” he murmurs.
John expects them to knock on the front door of one of the houses, but instead Sherlock leads him towards a bus shelter on the corner of a busy intersection.
"Right," John says, rising from his chair and snatching up his mobile. "I'm going out."
“Then why didn’t you just...I don’t know, ask us?”
Sherlock scrambles up onto the bed from his kneeling position the floor, eager to show his obedience, knees cracking, his body ungainly and awkward and his mind blessedly past caring.
John sighs, a short breath of mild annoyance with his ongoing inability to be either suave or articulate. “What I’m saying,” he clarifies, “is that I would very much like you to fuck me.”
“That was James, I take it,” he says to Sherlock as he plugs the kettle in.
But he doesn’t. This is the most interaction he’s gotten from Sherlock in days, and besides, he really does need some fresh cool air, some oxygen to his brain.
“I’m really not,” he replies, tone jovial but truthful nonetheless. “I’ve discovered I'm bit of a bastard, to be quite honest.”
“Who. Sent. You?” Sherlock spits out each word. “Don’t make me ask again.”
John shifts his focus to the safest relevant inquiry. “Why did your brother ask me to take you on a criminal investigation?” he asks. “It’s a violation of about twenty different police protocols, as I’m sure you know.”
The other two occupants of the room don't respond, eyeing each other coldly over their weapons. The moment spools out longer and longer until John tilts his head, narrows his eyes and glares hard at Sherlock. Sherlock issues a tiniest annoyed huff, but finally gives a fraction of a nod and lowers his Glock. Louellen makes a small, almost noiseless exhale and lowers her silver handgun, thumbing the safety on before slipping it back under the pink and green striped sateen chair cushion from whence it came.
“I’m sorry, what?” he says, ruder than he intends.
“You grew up just barely hanging on to the lower middle class,” Sherlock murmured. “Your dad had a decent enough job, something white collar, likely management, but he had little ambition to move up and watched his peers pass him by. He insisted your mother stay home instead of work. She resented it. He drank a lot, mostly in pubs, further compromising family finances. They fought a lot. About money, mostly, but also about the drinking and your father’s lack of ambition. He had a temper and a violent streak. He started to hit her, relatively infrequently, but when he did the beatings were brutal.
They drink in silence, both men shrouded in exhaustion and pain far beyond tears.
John is on a ladder in the front hallway of 221, replacing a bulb in the overhead fixture. Sherlock swallows, noting how dry his mouth feels as he tries not to stare at the slice of pale belly peeking out under his jumper as John stretches his arms overhead.
Sherlock tilts his head, gives him an uncertain look.
Unable to focus on research or reading or even his violin, Sherlock gives up and actually takes himself to bed. He lay there for what may have been hours, lonely and full of aching want, remembering the feel of John’s mouth on his own, John’s hands roaming across body.
Sherlock takes a drag off his cigarette, a smirk tugging at the corner of his lush mouth. His pale, searching eyes bore into John, and the undisguised heat of his gaze sparks something shameful and wanting in John’s belly.
“Are you
“Oh god, fuck, fuck yes--” he pants, as Sherlock dips his head, pushes his face back in between his spread thighs, licks around his thrusting fingers, teasing the edge of his stretched-tight rim with a warm, pointed tongue. It’s messy and untutored but what he lacks in technique he makes up for with unbridled enthusiasm, making John moan and curse and shudder helplessly under the onslaught of his hands and mouth.
Sherlock is beyond language now, utterly nonverbal as John fucks him with aching, deliberate slowness. Each roll of John’s hips makes Sherlock cry out in ragged, broken sobs as he pushes back against the measured thrusts. He is broken, devoid of thought, reduced to a rutting animal focused only on the heat, the fullness, the friction of John moving inside his body.
flashes in the top left corner of the screen.
“Stop pulling faces, you need electrolytes.” Sherlock sits up straighter. “There. That’s Johnson.”
How could John have been blind to this before? Well, to be fair, critical injury and opiates have lately played a supporting role. But looking at the big picture, long before this point John has always carried a certain amount of unexamined belief that Sherlock Holmes could not ever be…vulnerable.
Later they will wake up and eat dinner. Sherlock will fiddle with his thyroid slides, and John will read a book, and then they will come back to bed and hold and touch and love each other all over again.
, Sherlock. This is exactly what I mean. You’re losing track of time, you’re so completely locked in your own head, and I can’t reach you, and...God, I’m concerned, Sherlock. Really concerned. I’m sorry, I am, and I know I shouldn’t have done it, but I didn’t know what else to
John swallowed, mostly in relief, though a small part of him wondered if the world wouldn't be a better place if Eurus Holmes did decide to remove herself from it. "She didn't...hurt anyone?"
Sherlock stood watching him for a moment, distracted enough that he was ambushed by Molly.
Sherlock snorted, though it wasn't funny. "That's exactly what I said a year ago." He stayed on his back as he spoke, staring up through the dark at the ceiling. "When you got hurt, Mycroft and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson all ambushed me. They sat me down here in this flat and insisted I start the amitriptyline, even though everything I was feeling was completely normal, given the circumstances."
John frowned up at him. "No, really, what did he say? Whatever it was, it got to you. Tell me."
Back then he'd had many people working for him, and they'd been the ones to do the dirty work of abducting and press-ganging innocent bystanders. But now? Did he still have people working for him, or had his network dissolved while he'd been in prison? Whoever had removed the fingers had been left-handed, based on the angles of the cuts, so perhaps Moriarty did have to do everything for himself now.
"How did they afford to go on all those holidays? The pictures they had on display showed just the two of them, so they weren't traveling with wealthy relatives, and their siblings and nieces and nephews in the other photos didn't look particularly well-off. So where did they get their money? Oh, how could I have been so slow? It was right in front of me."
"And a spy," John said, and Mary nodded, lips pinched tight.
"We need to? You're the one with an army of civil servants at your beck and call. Do it yourself."
"Leon will be here shortly," Mycroft said. "Wait until he's here before you go outside."
—worse than me at this sort of thing
"What are you...." Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him, but before he could figure out what Lestrade was up to, the doorbell rang. "Oh, God, no. You didn't." He looked back into the kitchen but there was no way to escape.
"Wiggins has a job selling Christmas trees and wants to know if we need one. I told him we've already got one and have had it up for weeks." He nodded to the decorated tree that stood behind his chair.
"No, not that one, Lestrade. Those are candles—you'd rather have one of those bottles of wine." Sherlock pointed to the tall gift bags in the center of the table. "The candles are more to Donovan's taste."
Sherlock continued to ignore both him and his own phone. "I was talking with Mrs. Hudson earlier, before the party. She said the same thing as Eurus—"
"Yes, you can be quiet, or yes, keep doing that?"
"I'll narrate what you can't see. He's putting the condom on—it fits, guess I got the size right, didn't I? How does it feel, Sherlock? Not too tight?"
"What, your whole family?" John's eyes widened in alarm.
"Just take a few seconds to think about how you're feeling, see if there are any other parts of your body that are tense or sore or anything."
Sherlock picked up on his unspoken worry. "She's going to share them in their online class meeting tomorrow."
A moment later, Sherlock began to move, clasping John's hips with his hands as he thrust in and out of him with the perfect amount of force.
Winter
"Yes, she's going to be brilliant, I know. If she can survive having me as a father."
"Not Wiggins. He won't sell to me anymore."
"Erm, yeah, probably. I'll add it to the list and look for it when I go home." He and Mary had tried to use the sling as much as they could when Rosie was very small. That is, when he wasn't busy ignoring her so he could text the woman he'd met on the bus—
"You should," John said. He pulled his legs off the stool and reached out to drag his chair closer.
Sherlock went back to trying to locate the defective light bulb. He glanced up a few moments later in time to see Rosie standing on her tiptoes, stretching not to hang a snowflake, but to grab one of the glass baubles that he had placed high up on the tree. "Careful," he warned. "Don't—"
"But you do now?"
He hit send, then silenced the phone and dropped it back into his pocket. John was at least 30 minutes away by cab, so there was no chance of him trying to stop Sherlock from meeting Moriarty, but at least he would know what was happening.
Mrs. Holmes's brow wrinkled for a moment, then she clapped her hands together. "A proper bassinet and a wooden cot instead of that travel one she's in now. Oh, and a pram! It's a shame I didn't know Eurus was expecting. I could have had everything ready beforehand."
"Morning," John greeted him, and leaned over to kiss his cheek, startling Sherlock, who apparently hadn't noticed him and Rosie arriving. John straightened up, enjoying the look of surprise on Sherlock's face. "So, did you even try to get any sleep last night?"
Sherlock grinned and went to pour a glass for each of them. When he returned, he sat on the floor, because the edge of the tub was too narrow to be comfortable and he thought drinking wine while sat on the toilet would be a step too far, even for him.
"What are you talking about? We're going to have it stained within the next thirty minutes." John reached up and began to unbutton Sherlock's shirt.
"Agreed. Do you want something to drink? Tea? Coffee? Beer? Scotch? Wine? Erm, hot chocolate? Milk? Orange juice?" He thought that covered everything they had in the house.
John tore off another small piece of bread. "You know, you could have gone after him. After you rescued me. You didn't need to come to the hospital. You might have been able to catch him."
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Juvenile. And the two of you require my protection like the children you are."
"Eve is four days old. Let's give her a chance, hmm?"
"Wasn't much of a ceremony, now, was it?"
"I sprained my ankle on the first case I ever worked with Lestrade and it didn't take this long to feel better."
She smiled back at him, clearly puzzled, until she followed the brief flick of his eyes to his wheelchair, where it sat in the corner, partially covered by Sherlock's coat. Her smile faltered. "I'm sorry," she said, stepping away from the bed. "What happened to you?"
The case was not too difficult; the case was too time-consuming. "I have better things to do than spend the next several weeks combing through thousands of business records to find the culprit. It's almost Christmas. I'm going home."
"Everyone else has died before I got to them. Except Gemma, and she was just lucky she was out of the country."
"I wouldn't call it fantasising, no. But, yes."
Ten more minutes went by without a response. He went to the front window, though he knew not enough time had passed for John to make it all the way back from town on his own. There was no sign of him out front, unsurprisingly, but he did see a black car pull up into the drive.
"Thank you, Mycroft." Sherlock closed the box up again and sat down on the floor next to the coffee table, drawing Rosie onto his lap. They both reached for another scone, although Sherlock didn't get a chance to eat his before he was interrupted by a flurry of beeps and buzzes, the sound of several phones all receiving a text.
"Yeah. It's chafing at my wrists." He unbuttoned his cuffs and leaned forward to slip the shirt off.
"Mm-hmm. All wavy and bumpy with tubes and stuff."
"Mycroft is sending a car for me."
Sherlock pursed his lips and turned around to lean his back against the door, surveying the hallway to make sure no one else was around.
"Thanks for that vote of confidence, Mycroft. I do work with trained doctors and nurses, you know. We notice things."
Sherlock smiled back at him, scanning rapidly through his memory of every other smile John had ever directed at him to see if this one was new. It was. Was it? Or had he just never known what he was looking for?
"Not too bad. Just a bit bruised."
(less angst, more plot), and my longest fic,
"No. No. I...okay, I knew there was a small possibility that it wouldn't end well. But I texted you because I wanted you to know what I was doing, so you couldn't say I ran off into danger without you."
"She's lost eight ounces, which is six percent of her birthweight, but I've checked and that's well within normal range."
“Both you and Harry left the day after graduating secondary school. For you the Army was the quickest route out of your parents’ house and you took it gratefully.
Sherlock’s voice drops to a gravelly purr. “Tell me, Mr Watson. Have you ever
“I have work to do,” he says, a familiar note of mulish stubbornness creeping into his voice.
“Thank you,” John says, meaning it. He wants to say something more, but there’s just no time. He gives her an awkward wave, feeling like he’s slighted her somehow, before turning again to leave.
John moves methodically, wiping away the welling blood with squares of gauze as his steady hand carves lines into Sherlock’s pale flesh. Sherlock hears himself keening, crying out as he has never allowed himself to do under the hands of any captor. The pain builds and builds, burning phosphorous searing his nerves.
Katie exhales. “I just don’t want to be torn up anymore. I want to recognise myself again. So I guess I’m glad you’re here. You and your...friend. Hi.”
, yes.” He thrust up into the slick heat of Sherlock’s body as Sherlock rolled his hips, meeting him on each stroke, writhing and crying out in shameless lust and need.
Sherlock hates when this happens, not because he is averse to reassuring or caring for John, nothing could be further from the truth. He just hates that someone as good and loving and giving as John would ever feel badly about himself, about anything, ever.
“I wish to contract Maria’s services.”
alternative.”
“I should fetch the nurse,” he says, reaching for the call button.
“Is that so?”
“It is.”
"You're not sorry," John says, not bothering to keep the hurt and disgust out of his voice.
“Sherlock, I--” John shakes his head. “--I have work in the morning,” he mutters lamely.
The welt is perfectly centred on the left cheek of Sherlock’s arse. It isn’t large -- perhaps the diameter of a pound coin -- but it is undeniably swollen and angry, with a red ring spreading out from the raised area.
. You’re not at all like your reputation, are you?” His mocking smile vanishes in an instant. “You can keep your squishy feelings, Mr Holmes. Nobody gives a damn about these people, and I figured out how to turn them into a commodity. Money is what makes the world go round, in the end.”
Sherlock sits up again, carefully reaches across John with his long arm to pick up the water glass. He hands it to John, who takes a long drink, careful not to spill it in his slightly awkward, half-reclining position. He hands it back to Sherlock, who takes a swallow himself before placing it back on the table.
“Nonsense. I’m sure you can reduce the sentence to eighteen months with good behaviour and frequent displays of true remorse.”
It works. She flinches, just minutely, but a visible reaction just the same.
John grins. “It was a pretty great shag, wasn’t it?”
As he looks up at into his eyes, John can’t help but adore the way Sherlock looks right now: naked and sweaty, wild-haired and double-chinned, completely vulnerable, all self-awareness and reflexive defense mechanisms completely fallen to the wayside.
“Because of Doctor Quentin Pemberton, noted phrenology professor of the late nineteenth century. His accomplishments included…” Sherlock grasps for something that sounds plausible, but orgasm and alcohol have slowed his racing brain to a crawl, and he feels open and relaxed in a way he can’t recall ever feeling before, so he shrugs mentally and gives it up for lost. “I’m making shit up,” he admits, shaking his head. He reaches for the bottle of wine behind them on the floor, raises his head up to take a long swallow. He offers the bottle to John, who declines with a shake of his head. He puts the wine back down, grabs a pillow, shoves it under his head as he curls himself back around John. “I make a lot of shit up.”
John is so expecting something terrible, something devastating, that he doesn’t quite hear what Sherlock actually says at first.
She asks John about it, one afternoon after one motherly entreaty too many--
“Not at all,” Sherlock says, sincere in that quiet way he sometimes has.
Despite the quiet, John can’t help an odd, growing certainty that the peaceful ease of the day is a bit of a set-up, somehow, that something big is just around the corner--and when the doorbell rings, it’s such a perfect coda to the scene that he finds he was almost expecting it.
John had expected to feel some kind of epiphany, some kind of triumphant...something. But in fact, nothing at all is different. Saying it out loud doesn’t fix any of what is so broken in his life.
“I certainly hope so,” he murmurs, and John looks at him from under his long lashes, the small smile on his lips full of promise.
So John waits, patiently, waits although he misses him desperately, misses him in that exquisitely painful way you can only miss someone when they’re sitting in the same room with you yet completely unreachable at the same time.
“I don’t work here anymore,” he says, carefully neutral, the alcohol burning in his belly. “Give it to Donovan. She’s good.”
At that moment the lights go out.
“I…” John pauses, considers, decides to make Sherlock work just a little for it. “If you need my assistance.”
Sherlock looks unconvinced. “Still,” he mutters.
“Of course it was,” John replies. “It was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary.”
John strokes his arm, his lips pressed into a thin line. He waits a moment, letting the pain settle a bit before continuing.
“What, love?”
“No way. You never like what I get for you.” John ducks briefly into the kitchen, returns with a paper menu in his hand and tosses it onto Sherlock’s prone form. “We’ll have a bath first, then I’ll call.”
Patricia is waiting at the open back door, as instructed. Her affect is somewhat flat and subdued; she seems rather remote, gone distant and cloudy with shock. She’s wearing leggings and a long knitted cardigan, and John sees an opportunity to be proactive.
Then there’s the baby. Although he can’t help but be concerned about her, most likely she is not his biological child.
Sherlock nods, and John makes the first incision.
“Go ‘way,” he grumbles, jerking his shoulder away from the touch and turning onto his side, pointedly turning his back to John.
John reaches out, brushes gentle fingers over damp locks. “Try to get some sleep,” he says, his voice rough with unspoken feeling.
,” he groans, mind completely blank and blissed out.
Just the very thought of touching her makes him feel dizzy and ill with revulsion.
“Thank you.” He fiddles with his cloud of dark hair, arranges a single errant curl over his smooth, pale forehead. “How old are you?” he asks Molly artlessly.
“You seem downright chipper,” John observes.
The wine department is equally bare, but Sherlock finds several bottles of pinot he deems ‘marginally acceptable’ as he places them into the trolley.
“Go home, John.”
“We’re cool,” says a younger, slimmer man seated behind a black lacquered desk set diagonally into the corner of the room, his eyes not leaving the laptop in front of him.
“You’re so beautiful,” he murmurs against heated skin, thumb tracing the prominent lines of his collarbone, the long line of his neck, the sharp edge of his cheekbone. Sherlock responds with a pained whimper, pushing his hips upwards, writhing under the weight of John’s body on top of him, his cock flat against his belly, pinned in the space between their bodies. John can feel the sticky wetness of his leaking precome smearing against his skin as Sherlock writhes underneath him, tiny pleading gasps and cries trapped in his throat.
John follows Sherlock as he navigates with newly focused purpose, leading them to the row second to last from the back wall of the positively cavernous room. The row is full of gamblers, every machine taken. John doesn’t understand where Sherlock is headed, but just as they near the end of the row an enormously corpulent man sighs, mutters a curse under his breath, and vacates the stool in front of the very last slot machine. Without missing a beat, Sherlock steers him to the freshly vacated seat, indicates that he should sit.
Sherlock whirls on him. “Being paranoid?” he snaps. He gives a short bark of unamused laughter. “John. Answer me this question.
“Hey. Hey!” she calls after him, but John is already sprinting away, headed for the hallway Maria fled into, with Sherlock hot on her heels. He crashes through the emergency exit door without hesitation, only to be brought up short when he finds himself in a blank, brightly-lit cinderblock stairwell.
“Is this a bit better?” John asks. “A little quieter in there?”
Sherlock gazes down at his husband, pink and solid and sweaty and real beneath him, feels John’s palm rough against his most sensitive flesh in counterpoint to the solid and delicious slide of him inside his body, and Sherlock feels like he’s about to crack the code to the most fundamental truth of human existence.
Sherlock plucks one of John’s scrabbling hands off the sheets, places it on the back of his head in unmistakable invitation. John takes the hint and weaves his fingers through damp messy hair. He tugs, not hard but guiding, setting a pace, and Sherlock complies enthusiastically, his lips wet and messy as he sucks, his tongue swirling around the head, flicking against the slit as John arches and pants and fights the urge to just grab his head with both hands and fuck his mouth as hard as possible.
One corner of Mycroft’s thin mouth twitches upward in a small humourless grin. “By the by, just in telling you, I've made you an accessory to my crimes against the Crown. So you may want to keep this conversation strictly between us.”
John takes a single deep breath, pushes down the mind-clouding panic. His head clears, calm descending as he moves towards Sherlock. He holds out his hand; Sherlock places the gun carefully in his outstretched palm.
I’ve thought about this. I very, very much want to do this with you. Unless--” Sherlock tilts his head, presses his lips together. “Unless you don’t want to, for some reason I haven’t yet--”
“How long?” Sherlock asks in a dry, raspy croak, a bit afraid of the answer. Oh God, it hurts just to form words.
And he thinks.
“I guess I am,” John replies softly.
John's eyes are still open but he's half-asleep, drifting off on the floating current of his thoughts, when Sherlock slips back into the room. John is fully awake, sensing instantly that Sherlock is on high alert, tension tightly wound in every muscle of his slim frame.
John begins to worry that he may not be able to wait this one out. Sherlock is amazing in so many, many ways, and while his unbelievably strong will is an asset in so many situations, John steadily grows concerned that his refusal to even obliquely open himself up to what lay buried under the surface may be, well, a permanent condition.
John is quick enough on the uptake to understand what Sherlock is actually telling him in between his spoken words.
“That all right, love?” he asks.
“D'Annibale didn’t sound the alarm, did he?” John asks.
“There’s gonna be trouble, then?” the young man asks in a low conversational tone.
discuss doing it again.”
As Sherlock gives one final, careful push, sheathing himself fully inside John’s body with a low, inelegant grunt, John feels the first flashes of a hot, bright silver pleasure deep inside his pelvis that makes his cock return to full hardness, a dribble of precome spilling out onto his lower belly.
And Sherlock goes slow, careful, rocking his finger in and out of John’s body so very gently; after a few moments the sting begins to subside, and the feeling of fullness becomes less intrusive, closer to something like--not quite pleasure, but not unpleasant, either.
He closes his eyes and imagines how he looks right now to John, filthy and wanton as he fucks his own arse, and the humiliation is brutal, scorching. He has never been so aroused in his life as he slides a second finger in, whimpering a little at the burning sting. The sting becomes a hot stretched fullness and he cries out in pain and pleasure as he rocks back against his own hand.
John collapsed with a grunt of surprise, and without a moment of hesitation Sherlock launched himself at the wild-eyed shooter, mindless of the gun he was still waving madly about. Sherlock knocked him flat, sending the pistol clattering to the concrete floor. He snatched it up and jammed the muzzle against the man’s temple.
He tamps down the spike of adrenaline-fuelled panic that surges through his body, knowing that keeping a calm, clear head is the only advantage he has in this situation.
None of the three says a word as they make their way to the first floor; mercifully the elevator is empty and descends swiftly to the ground floor. Sophie’s nurse clogs (
John steps closer and winds his arms around Sherlock’s waist, hesitates a moment, and leans his head against his shoulder. The realization that John is here, real and warm and
“Why do I feel like this is going to lead to a second career as some kind of consulting entomologist?” John says, returning to the sofa. He takes off the ice pack, begins carefully spreading the cool pink lotion over the sting. With the stinger gone, it’s already looking less angry.
“Tonight. I’ll text you a time frame and location before eight pm.”
“How are you feeling?” he asks.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says in his best put upon and haughty voice, as if he hadn’t just been caught dry-humping his former flatmate.
“Can I kiss you goodnight?” John asks, the words tumbling out before he think better of it, before he can stop himself.
“James?” Maria calls out, with a tight false cheeriness, completely at odds with the desperate tension of the situation. “Shooting John kind of fucked my plans, and yes I am pissed, but you’re a distraction now and I really don’t give a shit about you either way. So here’s the deal: if you and your goons disappear, right now, I’ll probably let you live.”
He shot up from his chair and bolted through the flat and down the stairs; he was much faster than either John or Mrs. Hudson at getting to the door, plus he wanted to get his own look at whoever was making the deliveries for Moriarty.
"Why?" John asked, but did as she told him to anyway.
John opened the envelope and pulled a single sheet of paper from it, holding it at a distance to read.
What? What was she saying? She knew how he felt about Sherlock, even if he'd never said the word "bisexual" out loud to her. Dinner—was she really saying what he thought she was, about Sherlock?
“John.”
“Yes?”
John looks up at him. Sherlock’s eyes are warm and tender, and the depth of vulnerability he sees there makes him feel dizzy, almost vertiginous, like standing at the top of a very tall building with no guardrail to stop you from falling.
John carefully infiltrates the lidocaine inside the border of the laceration. It’s extremely uncomfortable (that is to say, it fucking hurts) to stick a sharp needle into raw flesh, and the angles are a bit awkward; it’s not his best injecting work ever but it’s adequate, the anaesthesia takes hold quickly and as the wound begins to numb, the relief is more than worth the repeated bite of the needle.
“Outstanding,” murmurs John. A ghost of a real smile crosses Sherlock’s lips.
“Are you relieved?” Sherlock asks.
John sighs, sagging heavily into the cheap blue chair. He rubs his eyes, tries to push down the sick worry clawing at his chest. Hours now they’ve been at this, and they don’t seem any closer to finding answers then they were when they started. He’s used to working with a genius, and he’s come to take astonishing observations and amazing deductions for granted. Compared to Sherlock’s soaring brilliance, this slow, painstaking slog through information feels like trying to walk through treacle in winter.
“That’s not what’s bothering you, though,” John says, the request unmistakable in his tone.
“I am going to find you,” John growls into the empty sitting room. “Just for the exquisite pleasure of strangling you myself.”
He finally turns away from staring at the empty, rain slicked street in front of him, surveys his surroundings. He has no fucking clue where he is, and the neighbourhood looks marginal at best, but there is a pub just down the street at the end of the block. It’s more than a bit grotty-looking to be sure, but a welcome sight nonetheless.
me -- ”
Sherlock scans the texts, hands the phone back to John. “This will be very helpful. Won’t take me long to fix something up.”
She nods, taking back the box and stowing it back under the bar, then turning away without further conversation.
He hands the phone back to Sherlock.
It’s all just crushingly, sickeningly unfair.
John can see how many others might see this streetscape as dangerous; mostly, however, it just makes him feel strangely bereft, hollow and sad somewhere deep in the core of his being.
“No need,” Sherlock replies, matter-of-fact. “You have the gift of an unremarkable appearance.”
John has to fight the impulse to roll his eyes at his own florid thoughts, and refocuses his attention to the matter at hand.
I hope it is apparent to everyone reading this that there is absolutely no titillation or salacious intent here.
Sherlock’s hands stroke across the muscles of John’s arms and back as he works his way up Sherlock’s torso, pressing kisses into his skin as he works the buttons open one by one. When all the buttons are undone John pushes the cloth aside to taste a flat, dark pink nipple, pulling it into his mouth and sucking hard. Sherlock gives a sharp cry as John lavishes attention on the hard, peaked nub of flesh, each swipe of his tongue sending sparks of pleasure singing through his nerves.
They’re alone now, for the first time all day, and John's words are not a request.
Sherlock hovers awkwardly at the doorway for one more moment, and then he’s gone.
“You’ve no idea where?”
“Let’s go home,” he says.
But he can’t live like that, always fearing the worst. So he’ll learn how not to. Tomorrow.
Greg sighs in cheerful exasperation. “I’ve put up with your pompous, aggravating arse for nine years without a peep of complaint--”
“And the other. The longevity.”
-- very much in need of a good hard shag.”
This happens sometimes, when this thing between them gets especially intense, goes to that much deeper and scarier place. The usual script gets flipped and instead of Sherlock, John is the one who gets hit with a drop after. Interestingly, it seems to happen when Sherlock
“Better?” John murmurs.
The ugly word hangs between them, a bell that cannot be unrung.
Sherlock snorts. “That’s nonsense. Most people are horrendously boring. Mundane.
“Quite,” Sherlock agrees. “Aiming for the head tends to indicate anger, as well. This was personal, someone he knew. Johnson was expecting him, he unlocked the door to let him in.”
“Of course,” Sherlock replies.
Sherlock admits to himself.
“There’s a new place that delivers,” John says. “Or, it’s only about -- scoot off me, my legs are falling asleep -- six blocks away, if you fancy going out.”
"So. You’re unattached," Sherlock murmurs. "Like me."
His second thought is,
John thinks fleetingly, desperately.
“Promise me you’re not going to punch Mycroft when you see him,” he says.
Sherlock had said.
A chair creaks. Sherlock sighs, a sound of profound exhaustion.
Caldwell straightens, turns to face Sherlock. “You know nothing about Lou Andrews, son, and believe me, you’re better off that way.”
“Twice a week,” Sherlock sighs. “Since the end of January. It was one of the conditions of avoiding prosecution for Magnussen’s murder.” John can’t see his face, but he can practically hear the rattle as Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Of course, up until this point, sociopathy has always been a rather valuable job skill in the eyes of MI6, but shoot just one international media magnate billionaire in the head in front of twenty witnesses and suddenly everyone’s
As he knew it would, the call goes directly to voicemail yet again, making John curse and smack the doorframe in frightened frustration.
“What would you have had me do?” Mycroft demands.”Storm in there with an army regiment, guns blazing, like some ridiculous Hollywood movie?”
They wash each other in between kisses and caresses, both half-hard despite their exhaustion, but far too tired to do anything else about it. When they are both reasonably clean John turns off the taps and uses a single semi-clean towel to dry them both off.
“John!” Alan calls. “John, wait.”
“I expect nothing less from my brother,” Sherlock says, “But from you, John? I never thought.”
John feels a drop of liquid trickle from his lip. He swipes at it with his finger; it comes away red and wet, and a throb of pain reminds him his face is a bloody, beaten mess. He moves away from Sherlock, sheds his coat, and jacket and tosses them carelessly into his bedroom before moving into the darkened bathroom. He flicks on the harsh, unforgiving fluorescent light, flinching slightly at his battered reflection in the mirror over the sink. He strips off his shirt and turns on the cold tap, lets the basin fill, splashes handfuls of water on his throbbing face, checking for loosened teeth before dunking his entire head into the chilly water.
“Your wish,” he murmurs, “is my command,” and begins to fuck him in earnest, deep and powerful thrusts that make Sherlock gasp out incoherently.
It’s slow going; absent a pair of clippers, Sherlock has to rinse off the blade after every few centimetres of progress. Both men are silent, the sound of their breathing loud in the tiny tiled room as Sherlock focuses the entirety of his attention on this tiny, mundane task as if the fate of the entire universe hangs in the balance. His hair has gone spiky and clumpy in the humidity, and he chews unconsciously on his lower lip as he works, drawing the sharp blade across John’s skin, so very careful not to harm him or draw blood.
“The surveillance camera was broken,"  D'Annibale states through clenched teeth. "No usable footage was recovered.”
“January 9, 2017. Two years and nine months.”
“Not your buddy, mate,” John replies. “And you don’t seem to understand that we didn’t come all this way to not get what we want.”
He decides to put that larger revelation aside, for the moment.
. No more of this.”
Sometimes, Sherlock wonders if they even remember that Lily isn’t his biological child, then reminds himself she’s the only grandchild they’re ever going to get and it would be unkind to point out the obvious.
And sometimes, settled means you fuck on the sofa on a Saturday afternoon, straightforward and uncomplicated, no deep desperate romance necessary, just because fucking is fun.
“I’m not irritable,” John snaps, but even as he says it he knows it’s true. He’s stroppy as hell and for good reasons, poor sleep and jet lag and crap food and worry all piling up on his shoulders until he’s practically crawling out of his skin.
John thinks. Irrational panic rises in his throat, hot and metallic.
As the morning ambles towards noon, both men are still in their night clothes, lazy and a bit disheveled as they lounge contentedly about the flat, sipping coffee. Sherlock stretches out on the sofa, pokes at his laptop as John sits in his armchair and reads a novel on his iPad, both men savouring the easy quiet that’s settled over them this morning.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but shifts over on the fire escape to make room for him; the wince that crosses his features as he moves doesn’t escape John’s notice.
Out of the blue, Sherlock suddenly feels an urgent need he can't quite parse. He needs to tell John, somehow, tell him how much he --
“I am too lenient with you,” John says. “I permit far too much of your ridiculous behavour to slide because of how much I love you, but I will
“It is, though.” Sherlock said. “It really, really is. Look.” Sherlock digs in his trouser pocket, places the silver key in John’s hand, closes his fingers over it.
“Can I ask you a question?” he says.
“You haven’t said a word all night, and we’re supposed to be giving Turnbull the benefit of our collective wisdom. Quit yer woolgathering over there and tell us how married life is treating you.”
Years of military training make John stop despite himself.
“How do you figure?”
The ‘no sex during a case’ rule is ironclad by necessity. Sherlock has finally come to realize that his intimate relationship with John does truly enhance the work, improving his mental processes overall (and that was such a relief, to find he didn’t have to choose between the two loves of his life) but during an active case, he absolutely can’t handle the distraction, absolutely needs to abstain from intimacy to focus on the work at hand.
John delivers nine more forceful blows, and by the last of them tears are running freely down Sherlock’s face unheeded as he cries and shivers uncontrollably.
Mycroft asked him.
“I’m going to assume that’s not some sort of metaphor,” Mycroft replies.
John clings to Sherlock’s voice, does as he is told. In through his nose, out through his mouth. The stench of decay is overpowering.
“To ensure everyone who enters is stripped of that pesky will to live,” Sherlock replies.
“You’re welcome.” Lestrade turns to leave and pauses, his hand resting on the doorknob. He turns back to John.
“I had to get an
“You’re welcome.” The technician nods, turns to open the door.
“Sherlock,” John says, gently.
“No, sir. Well, not yet. They’re in a bag somewhere in the temporary--”
“We could keep this between us,” Sherlock says, but he doesn’t sound sure of his own words. “If that’s what you want. You and I are the only ones who truly know what happened that night. A secret between us, to take to our graves. You know I would do that for you.”
The room is quiet, save for their breathing.
“I like kissing,” he states baldly, without preamble.
He has broken his own heart in two to keep John Watson’s safe. As part of the bargain, though, he does get one last adventure with his best friend. One last dragon to slay.
“You turned them away,” hisses Sherlock, crowding close into Lestrade’s personal space. “People who knew him, cared about him. They knew something terrible had happened, they came to you asking for help, and
For some unknowable reason, an image popped into my head.
“More of a unilateral, compulsory...invitation. One could say.”
Curiosity about their recent past satisfied, John scrolls briefly through the national news. Same madness and mayhem as ever; a man dead in police custody in Baltimore, an American football player convicted of murder. John makes a mental note to show the last article to Sherlock, who has recently become interested how chronic head injuries relate to increased rates of domestic violence.
Sherlock knows John quite likes this kind of work as well. Cracking codes doesn’t involve fire or bullets or foul-smelling homebrew experiments in the kitchen or any of the multitudinous bad ideas that will cause Mrs Hudson to either shout at them, or cry, if not both. Sherlock knows that as far as John is concerned, cryptography is the ideal sort of case for everyone staying in and keeping out of trouble and having a nice, low-stress couple of days.
“It was pee. Let’s not discuss it. What’s in the bag?”
“That is perfectly okay with me.”
medical degree of yours. Did you perhaps buy it in a pound shop,
"Not doing anything memorable except
“John,” he murmurs at last. “Kiss me.”
“Patience,” Sherlock murmurs as he pulls his fingers out of John’s loosened opening. “It’s been longer than you think, and I don’t want to hurt you.” John whimpers a bit at the loss of him as Sherlock turns to his other side to dig in the bedside table drawer. He finds the bottle and rolls back over, popping open the cap and slicking the fingers of his left hand.
