His heart was beating like he had outrun a Wendigo.  His penis was only about half hard, the shock of almost waking up Sam like that wasn’t exactly a turn-on.  Dean splashed some cold water on his face and told himself to calm down.
"You knew it was Celine Dion!" Sam gasped, almost doubling over from laughing.
“C’mon dad. Hang in there. You didn’t come back from the dead just to die again did you?”
“If this holiday is so full of inaccuracies, why does everyone participate?”
[message received 1:12 am]
Dean didn’t have a response for that, except to take another swallow of his beer.  Castiel took the opportunity to ask Dean a question that he didn’t understand.
“Guess that means I owe you a thank you,” John replies.
As with the last chapter, please let me know what you liked or didn’t like in the comments.  I have a rough outline for the next chapter, probably smut, if you guys are interested?  Or would you rather see something different?
“Nerd,” Dean groaned pushing himself up to sitting.
“You’re not thinking of backing out are you Dean?”
“Cas?”
“So, you pulled Dean out of Hell?”
“Because it’s fun,” Dean answered without pause.  “It’s tradition.”
Most of the awkwardness has passed from the other day and neither of them brings it up. Tonight it feels like they are just two buddies out for a beer, even if Cas doesn’t seem that enthusiastic about it. Dean figures he’s still depressed about being downgraded to human status. If there’s one thing Dean Winchester knows, it’s how to cure depression, or at least make yourself forget about it for awhile. It’s a two-part process, that involves getting drunk and getting laid. Now that Cas isn’t an angel, Dean thinks he might be able to succeed on both parts. His liver is human now, so alcohol affects him like any other person. And, since he changed out of the suit and into jeans and a t-shirt, the dude can almost past for normal. With his sharp blue eyes, and dark hair, he can even qualify as attractive. He shouldn’t have a problem finding a chick to hook up with.
Dean’s next step at fixing Team Free Will is to try to repair his friendship with Cas. Yeah, Dean had a moment in that bathroom, but he’s pushed it aside. Dean is good at covering up his feelings, and he buries this one deep. It was a fluke. A mistake. Dean was just curious. He’s human after all. It doesn’t mean anything. He and Cas just need to get back to how they used to be. To just be two normal dudes. So, being who he is, Dean takes his friend to a bar.
The doctor took Dean’s wrist in hand, pressing two slender fingers to his pulse point. He looked up, to give Dean a reassuring smile, and Dean drew in a sharp breath at being so close to the doctor’s gaze. From far away, the doctor’s eyes had seemed like endless pools of deep blue, but up close Dean could see small flecks of gold and silver that only magnified the sharpness of his gaze. Dean swallowed hard around the cotton towel that had suddenly replaced his tongue.
“I do. But I’d rather hear it from you.”
“Whoa, somebody didn’t have his coffee yet, am I right?”
Castiel continued to text Dean intermittently.  He seemed to enjoy using emoticons in almost every text.  It wasn’t just the usual colons and parentheses, Cas liked to include small characters wearing sunglasses or icons of food.  Sam told him they were called emojis.  Dean didn’t know what that meant, he just told Cas his texts looked like they came from a 14-year-old girl.
Sam put in their order and stood off to the side. He took a moment, appreciating the decorations, trying to soak in some Christmas cheer. It was very likely that Sam and Dean would not celebrate Christmas this year. It wasn’t something they usually did. But as Sam took in all of the decorations, he saw his inspiration. He knew how he could get Dean and Castiel together. Now he just had to convince his brother to decorate for the holidays. Sam started working on his puppy dog eyes.
“Hey guys, I want you to meet somebody. This is Charlie. Charlie, this is Kevin Tran,” Dean pauses as they shake hands, “and this is Castiel.”
He walked down the hall back to his room, and stopped when he saw Dean’s door mostly closed. Dean never closed his door, saying he always wanted to be able to see what was coming. Sam peered through the opening, to see Dean and Castiel sitting side by side on the bed. Sam felt awkward for intruding, but that was quickly forgotten when he saw his brother slide closer and put a hand on Castiel’s knee. After that, Sam was so wrapped up in what was happening he knew he couldn’t look away.
The solution to his problem comes quite easily once Sam stops thinking about it. They are on a case in Salem, Oregon that turned out to be a simple salt and burn. They had to dig up a frozen gravesite since it was winter, but that had been the hardest part of the weekend. Dean suggested they spend the night, when it started to snow in earnest, and Sam did not argue. He had offered to get them coffees at a shop near their hotel.
“I added the rest of my family to the table.”
Instead of a text message response, Dean’s phone rang with a call.  He picked up on the second ring.
After a quick search of the bunker, it’s obvious John Winchester has flown the coop. To make matters worse, the bastard had taken the Impala. It doesn’t matter that the car had been his to begin with, John would have bought that ugly ass van if Dean hadn’t stopped him. Regardless of how Dean feels about his baby, they need to track down John as soon as possible. It is not safe for him to be out walking around, until they know who, or what, brought him back.
The next move was even more surprising.  As she lowered herself onto the floor, in a controlled move, she reached up to run a hand through her hair, and pulled off what must have been a wig.  The hair underneath looked even darker than before, but that might have been the shortness of the pixie cut.  The hair looked textured and spiky, and Dean’s fingers itched to run through the strands and see if it would be stiff or fluffy.  The dancer rolled onto her stomach pulling herself into an arching cobra pose right in front of Dean.
Behind Sam is a man he thought he would never see again, not in this lifetime anyway. It’s his father, John Winchester.
Dean groans as he hangs up the phone. He really should have beaten Chuck when he had the chance.
“No problem, Charlie. And don’t worry about being the third wheel. We are also currently housing a prophet and an Angel of the Lord.”
Early the next morning Dean woke up to one new message.
“You’re sure there’s nothing else?” Dr. Novak asked, “What about latex?”
The Impala’s tank is about empty, so Dean stops for fuel. There is a strip mall nearby, and Dean decides to turn his little outing into a supply run. At least that way it won’t seem like he’s such a bitch for running away to pout. And it might help take his mind off things.
“I just mean,” Dean backpedaled quickly, “Dr. Smith didn’t have the best bedside manner. Not exactly what you want during a physical, if you know what I mean.”
The other man complies, and Dean can tell his head is still swirling with negative thoughts. Dean has known Cas long enough to see that a full-blown sulk is coming, unless he can do something about it. A flicker of an idea runs into Dean’s mind, and he latches onto it, like a drowning man onto a life raft.
Dean is silent as he processes the information.  What would he want done if he were in Jimmy’s shoes?  Maybe Jimmy felt like he couldn’t say no to Castiel?  The man has already sacrificed so much, Dean feels guilty taking even more from him.  Damn it if this isn’t the first good thing to happen to Dean in a long time, so it figures it would have to be messed up.  Castiel breaks the quiet by taking Dean’s hand on the bed between them.
“You got a call from Missouri, and thought it was a good idea to keep that to yourself?!” Dean shouts, filled with rage at his brother.
“On it!” Charlie calls from the adjoining room.
Dean knows it’s a rhetorical question, but he still can’t miss the look on Sam’s face, a mixture of sympathy and encouragement for Dean to find the answer. Damn it, his brother can be a real pain in the ass sometimes with all of his emotional, girly crap. Yet, Dean knows that Sam is right. He nods at his brother, and sets down his unfinished shot.
“Dean, I’m here to tell you that Cas is your reason. Or he’s one of them. He has been since Purgatory. Hell, maybe even earlier than that. You’ve just been too dense or too scared to admit it.”
Sometimes, if he was having a rough day, Dean would scroll back through all of the pictures Castiel had sent him over the weeks.  He caught himself staring at his phone with a sappy smile on his face more often than not.
Dean reels backwards, as if John had physically hit him. His brain draws a blank on how to even respond – indignance, anger, defiance – they all loop through his head, but none of them seem suitable. No, what Dean needs is less talking and more action. Right now, he needs to forget the past twenty-four hours.
A few weeks later in Colorado the team was on what they thought was a witch case. But they hadn’t found any hex bags so far. Sam was at the motel trying to get in touch with Rowena to see if she knew anyone in the area. Which left Dean and Cas questioning a witness who had seen one of the victims vanish into thin air.
Castiel genuinely smiled now, and he squeezed Dean’s hand, encouraging him to continue.
If he didn’t talk about the picture, then it was like the picture didn’t exist.  Right?
“Then I guess I’d find a new vessel,” Cas replies.  “Maybe I could find you a woman this time, with large breasts.”
Dean drives fast and tries to get Sam’s voice out of his head. More concerning, he tries to silence the voice in his own head that says if Sam was wrong it wouldn’t be this much of a struggle to let it go.
Fantastic.
“If you drink anymore you’ll never get to sleep tonight,” Cas said to Dean.
“I will,” he promises.
“Okay. So let’s ignore the fact that you got all the way to Lawrence, picked up our father, and brought him back here – without calling by the way, thanks for that. Was there anything else you neglected to mention?”
“Let me just see if I have this straight; Sam and I helped you find the angel tablet, and you nearly kill me trying to take it from me in that crypt. Then, instead of trusting me to help you keep it safe, you take off to God knows where with it, and let it fall into the hands of Crowley?!”
Dean could only offer a shaky nod, not trusting his voice. Dr. Novak’s finger slipped out, so he could add more lube to two fingers, and Dean felt a sense of emptiness he had not been expecting. He couldn’t wonder at it for long, before two fingers were being inserted back inside of him.
That means this isn’t a simple case of how John Winchester was brought back to Earth. It has suddenly gotten so much worse. If someone is poking around the cage, there is a chance they could Lucifer free too. Dean can tell by the panicked look on Sam’s face that he is thinking the same thing.
“Nope, we’re all pretty healthy.”
But Sam had gotten to take a nap in the Impala, while Dean drove and chewed over his thoughts for the past eighty miles. He needed to say something now before he talked himself out of it.
Dean enlarged the picture to squint at the feathers.  The quality was a bit fuzzy, being a cell phone image, but there was no mistaking what it was.  Castiel was framed by large black feathers, extending from behind his shoulders.  Some of the feathers seemed to almost have a bluish hue, but Dean wasn’t sure if that was the feathers or the picture quality.  Dean held onto his phone for so long, staring at the enlarged picture, that he didn’t notice the string of texts that had followed it.
Sam found an entire second library hidden in the bunker, full of books that needed to be categorized.  He asked Dean if he wanted to help with the organization and Dean was proud of himself for not laughing in his brother’s face.
“Of all the stupid things you have done lately Sam – this one takes the cake. You could have been killed!”
Dean’s train of thought gets interrupted as Charlie gets up the nerve to actually talk to Castiel.
Dean wasn’t normally a fan of shorter haircuts on women, but this time it was sort of working for him.  Her body was athletic not curvy, but she had so much control over it, that it was impressive.  Yes, she was a little flat chested, but Dean could ignore that for all of the confidence she had.  And her eyes were her best feature.  Dean was staring into these intense blue eyes, and it was like nothing else in the room existed.  The music had faded away.  He didn’t notice any other people in the club.  All that he saw were blue eyes, and all he felt was how fast his heart was beating.
“I did.”
Dean nods dumbly at that. His brain buzzes with the memory of it. He remembers the conversation all too well. He had watched the power of that first spell shoot through Sam’s arms, and Dean had ached with the need to take it from him. He is the big brother. It is his job to keep Sammy safe, above all else.
“Thanks,” Dean said, trying to give her what he hoped was a friendly smile even though he felt like a deer frozen in headlights.
“You’re doing so good for me Dean,” Castiel said, stepping closer.
Dean returns the smile, and gets up to order them another round.
The next morning at breakfast, the mood is somber. Sam is practically falling asleep at the table. Kevin picks at his scrambled eggs, not doing much more than push them around his plate. Dean knows Kevin needs some time to deal with his issues, but at least he’s in the bunker now where he’ll be safe. Castiel wanders into the kitchen, looking slightly more alert than he had the night before. His crumpled trench coat tells Dean that the angel had tried to sleep in his clothes. If he’s going to stay here for long they might have to teach him about pajamas.
Dean jolted back into consciousness with his gigantor brother leaning over him.  Dean lifted his arm to wave Sam away, but it seemed to be now made of lead and came down smacking him in the face.  Sam laughed loudly, hitting Dean with a throw pillow.
He wasn’t actually upset at Cas, but there was something about wandering a store full of weird Swedish furniture and knick knacks that had made him cranky. Now they had to pick out their own box in a warehouse full of pallets and take it home to assemble it themselves.
Dean hadn’t been happy about letting Sam leave the bunker, but he insisted on being helpful. Sam didn’t like feeling run down and useless. Dean had let him go alone, while he stayed behind to keep an eye on their other guests. Dean leads Charlie into the main library to find Kevin and Castiel playing a game of chess.
As Castiel watched him take another drink, he gave the hunter a closer look.  Dean was in fact wearing a green plaid shirt this evening.  Cas looked over to the pool tables, and saw that Sam was also wearing a shirt of the same hue.  In fact, almost every patron in the bar was wearing something green, including funny looking hats or antenna upon their heads.
“Oh, god, Cas!” Dean shouted, forgetting where he was.
That leaves Dean and Cas alone for the first time since they had slept in Dean’s bed together. Dean knows it’s too soon to bring that up, but he can’t help but feel a sense of longing at the thought. The idea of crawling into bed with Cas, and sleeping for about a week, sounds as good as anything else right now. He knows he just lost his father again, but Sam is about to complete the trials which will finally feel like a win. Plus, they have their bunker, they saved Kevin, and Castiel finally returned to him with the angel tablet. They’ve been in worse spots before.
“I’m glad you and Sam have this base. It’s good that you’re secure,” John says, attempting to start a conversation. Dean pretends he hasn’t heard him. John’s earlier comments about Cas still sting in Dean’s mind, and he knows it won’t do any good to bring them up.
This thing between them is new, but also has been there all along.
“And Sammy too?”
angel,” or “Cas is
Isn’t he?
“Patrick wasn’t a Saint when I knew him.”
. Everyone laughed and threw popcorn at him.
“Back to Lawrence. Stull Cemetery.”
“Look Dean, I know this is a shock, but it is dad, okay?,” Sam continues, “He knew our birthdays, all the schools we went to, and even the combination on the weapons locker of the Impala. I don’t know how he’s here, or why, but it is him.”
Dean could only focus on the stubble on Cas’s cheek, and the set of his jaw.  He kept staring at the muscled slope of Cas’ bare shoulder – so much exposed skin.  That, in itself, was enough to get Dean’s attention.  And of course the sleek black feathers that rose up behind Castiel were highly suggestive in their own right.  The power they symbolized.  The fact that it was Castiel’s most private body part, and he had sent a photo of it to Dean, sent a tingle down his spine.
Dean turned around the phone, and was almost shocked at how relaxed he looked.  He appeared to be content and happy, but not cheesy.  And no blue steel.  He just looked at peace with himself.  His hair was slightly ruffled and you could tell he was laying in his bed.
“Okay, more explaining, less nerding out,” Dean says, hand twirling in the universal symbol for ‘wrap it up’.
They go back inside to warm up, without saying another word.
“I’m not gay, Sammy.”
“Your pulse is a little elevated, but not anything to be concerned about. I can tell you are a bit nervous Mr. Winchester, so we’ll get this next part done as smoothly as we can, okay?”
Dean and Sam exchange meaningful looks at this. Dean can tell exactly what his brother is thinking. Michael, the same Archangel who wanted Dean to be his prom date for Apocalypse 2010. The Archangel who had been able to use the younger John Winchester, and eventually Adam, as his vessels. The same Archangel who is currently permanent roommates with Lucifer in the cage. Somebody must be trying to raise Michael out of the cage, by using the John to do it.
Was this what it felt like for the guys who bottomed for him? No wonder they were always so damn eager.
Texas turned out to be more complicated than they thought.  Luckily, Sam and Dean had found all the kids, but not what had been taking them.  The trail had gone cold.  None of the kids stories matched about what they had seen, so they had little to go on.  The brothers were happy to return the kids to their parents, but didn’t want to leave until they hunted down the monster to make sure it didn't abduct anyone else.  They camped out in a small hotel at the edge of town, trying to piece everything together.
Dean wakes to the sound of giggling, accompanied by a soft clicking noise. Eyebrows wrinkled in confusion, he forcibly squints one eye open to see Charlie standing at the foot of his bed, camera phone in hand. Charlie is grinning, like she just won the lottery, and she doesn’t stop taking pictures. Wondering what she could possibly be so happy about, Dean looks down to see an arm wrapped around his waist and he realizes he is currently being spooned by an Angel of the Lord – and Dean is the little spoon.
After a moment, Dean speaks up, emotions making his voice even gruffer than normal. “You know, mom always said angels were watching out for me. I guess she was right.”
“He damaged my grace. Takes longer to repair myself now,” Cas huffs out, his breath warming Dean’s neck.
Castiel knew Dean was being defensive because that was his default when he wanted to avoid talking about his feelings. This must be important to him. If Dean wanted to share something with Castiel, there was no way he would leave now. Castiel slowly lowered himself to the ground, mirroring Dean’s position on the slightly damp grass. The warm night air had settled over them like a thin blanket as they laid there in silence. Time passed by quietly, just the sounds of nature to break the stillness of the night. At least, it had been quiet until Dean thought it was time to give Castiel an impromptu astronomy lecture.
“No, you’re not. Relax, Dean. Thousands of people get married every year, I’m sure you’ll be fine. Plus, for some unknown reason, you got Castiel to say yes to you. I don’t think you’d ever find that again. With anyone.”
“Cas, I want to teach you what good rock music is, and laugh when you still listen to your boring classical music anyways. I want to have stupid fights about which tv show to watch or which restaurant to pick for dinner. I want to have all-day movie marathons with you, and make you brunch on Sundays. I want to take care of you when you’re sick, and go on a vacation with you just because we can.”
It’s the best Dean could have wished for in life. As he holds Cas close in bed, pressing kisses to his forehead as he fights sleep to be able to enjoy this night a moment longer, he counts himself so lucky that out of all the angels in Heaven he got Cas - the one who is his perfect partner.
“Dad? Can you hear me?” he asks.
“Are you sure it’s safe to drink this beverage Dean?”
It was easy for Dean to absolve himself of some of the guilt over ignoring Cas.  They were on a hunt and he was busy.  Lives were hanging in the balance and that meant he didn’t have to answer Cas right away.  Right?
“Just humor me, okay?”
One of the coolest features of the bunker, one that Dean loves even more than his bedroom or the kitchen, is the underground garage where he can park the Impala. It is safer than leaving her out in the open. Dean likes to spend time with the old Chevy when he can, because it relaxes him to polish the smooth black metal or tinker with the engine – things he knows he can fix. That’s where he is now, getting everything loaded and ready to go. Doesn’t take long for his father to find him. Of course, he would know where the car is, since he took her for a joy ride earlier.
“He’s good,” Cas said.
That night, Dean teaches Cas how to shoot pool and darts. He tries to teach him quarters, but ends up getting schooled when it turns out that Cas is better than him, and Dean has to tap out before he gets too drunk to drive them back. Cas, who is much drunker than he will admit, tries to teach Dean a drinking song, but it’s in Enochian so it doesn’t really work out too well. Dean almost falls out of his chair laughing as Cas tries to remember the translation. It’s the most fun Dean can remember having in a very long time.
“I lost my wings, Dean. My grace. How am I supposed to continue on like this?”
“Jimmy really was okay with it, Dean.  I think it helped that he actually met you and Sam.  He knows you’re good people, fighting to save others.  He promised he’d be fine with it, so long as he never, ever wakes up until his work is done.”
“Sam, can I ask you something?”
“Sure it is. But I keep fucking it up. Couldn’t keep you safe from Yellow Eyes. From Ruby. I’m not even good enough to make dad happy after he’s dead,” Dean laughs at that last, but it is a sharp humorless laugh, hardened by the booze and anger in his system.
“Nope.”
“I understand your father has hang-ups with supernatural beings. Still, I would like to accompany you to Lawrence tomorrow,” Castiel says, “I will endeavor not to be a distraction during this hunt.” The last is said with a small smirk, that Dean’s stress-addled brain tries desperately to translate. Before he can get his mind on-track, to ask what the hell Castiel meant, the angel is out the door to his own room.
Dean could only nod with a gruff, “thanks,” in return.
Dean is sure Sam forgot the pie on purpose this time.
Beyond that, Dean isn’t sure how to handle the situation. If it was Sammy moping around, Dean would either give him a beer, or tell him to stop acting like a bitch, depending on the situation. Somehow, Dean has a feeling that won’t work in Cas’ case. In desperation, Dean finally asks Sam for his help.
A small smile appeared on Dean’s face at their familiar banter, but quickly slipped away as Dean looked over to his brother.
, a large popcorn, large root beer, and a box of Reese’s Pieces please.”
“Put out your arms like this,” Dean says, stretching out his arms at his side. Cas hesitates, but complies.
Dean knows he’s rambling, but he can’t seem to stop himself.
“Okay. But can you call me Dean? Calling me Mr. Winchester just makes me feel so old,” Dean replied.
Cas nods but doesn’t say anything. He walks over to Dean’s desk, his fingertips lightly brushing the picture of Mary that Dean keeps there. Dean tenses, as he had when Castiel held John’s journal in his hands.
“But you guys haven’t even heard the best part yet,” Sam says dryly, “That particular phrase is credited to the spirit called Agaou. He is the spirit in Loa culture most often thought of as the counterpart to the Archangel Michael.”
“Huh,” Dean comments, running that idea through his brain. Crowley may be an asshole, but he also may have just invented a foolproof weapon for fighting angels. Could come in handy if Naomi, or any of those dicks, come looking for Cas.
Dean drummed his fingers on the counter in time to a Zeppelin song that had gotten stuck in his head. He picked up his soda to take a sip. He turned to see the two attendants leaning close together and whispering to each other.
“Out of that whole thing, that’s your only question?” Dean remarked, slowly sitting up. “I just made up a number. You weren’t actually jealous were you?”
She had long, dark, wavy hair, almost like Lisa’s, that cascaded down the middle of her back.  She was wearing chic glasses and a men’s dress shirt that barely caressed the tops of her thighs.  She swayed her hips in time to the music, and Dean’s attention was laser-focused to see what she would do next.  First, the glasses came off and were thrown into the crowd.  Next, she turned her back to Dean and started unbuttoning her shirt, giving him a flirty glance over her shoulder.  Dean swallowed, not sure why he had all her attention, but he wasn’t going to complain.
It is one more obstacle that he cannot deal with right now.
And just like that Dean was kissing Castiel. Sam had to clamp a hand over his mouth to hide his surprise. He quickly snuck down to his room before he could be caught peeking. He wanted to fist pump the air. Or go and share the news with Charlie and Kevin.
“No,” he finally answered, his gaze never wavering from Dean’s face, “I quite like the color green.”
“It’s kind of important, something that’s bugging me about Cas.”
“So, tomorrow we will drive to Lawrence, to look for clues as to your father’s reappearance?” Castiel asks.
“Dean-“
“I would like that, Dean,” Cas says.
Sam just shrugged his shoulders, and gave his brother a wry smile.  “Your angel, your argument.  I’m going to shoot pool.”
“What do you mean
Dean can feel the tears starting to sting at the corners of his eyes. He says nothing, because nothing he can say would change what happened.
Cas leaned down and pressed a firm kiss to Dean’s lips. “Was that role-playing satisfactory for you Dean?”
“It’s St. Patty’s Day man!” Dean exclaimed.
“Next please,” called the attendant.
Dean and Castiel don’t say anything as they turn to head to the library, leaving John and Sam behind.
Dean inhales loudly through his nose.  He feels his head start to spin.  Of course, he knew that Jimmy was in there, that this was a vessel.  But he had found it so easy to forget when Cas kissed his throat, bit at his jaw, and growled into his ear, “Take me to bed, Dean.”  God, he had been thinking so hard with his dick, he had forgotten about the man inside there with Cas.
“Let Dean go,” Cas growls.
“Hey Cas?”
“Cas, you’re not going to go reaching into my father. Especially, when you’re not at the top of your game. It’s not safe,” Dean snaps.
“My boyfriend and I will take the check, please.”
“This isn’t going to be a Buffy rip-off is it? Like his soul was pulled out of Heaven?” Charlie wonders aloud to the room.
“Nice try, human. But only an archangel blade can kill an archangel. Maybe once Michael resurrects you, you’ll have learned some respect for the angels in charge around here.”
“Whatever man. If you don’t want to, you can fly off back to where you came from. I’ll just look at the stars by myself,” Dean answered petulantly.
“I’ll have a glass of milk, please,” he told the waiter with a tight smile.
exchanged, Sam headed off to bed. Dean cradled his empty whiskey glass between both palms.
“I don’t understand, Dean. What are we hunting?”
“It’s fine, Dean.”
“I don’t know if that’s such a good idea, man. My dad’s not exactly the poster child for getting along with supernatural beings,” Dean explains. He imagines what a tense car ride it would be with the four of them, and shudders internally.
Sam is grateful for the breakfast, and it does make Dean feel better to see him eating. Even if the nerd does wash it down with herbal tea, instead of coffee like a normal human being. One step at a time, Dean figures. Getting Cas to wake up and eat breakfast turns out to be a bigger challenge than he thought. Dean goes to his room to wake him, and can just barely make out the head of dark hair sticking up at the top of the blankets. Dean tries to shake him awake, but Cas just grumbles words like “too early” and “go away” as he burrows back under the covers. Dean throws up his hands and leaves the room. He can share the breakfast with Sammy – no sense of it going to waste.
“I’ll go dig up the Men of Letters files about healing demons,” Dean says, in a final tone that lets Sam know their discussion is over. Sam nods at him and sets his jaw, as he goes back to his books.
“Charlie,” Dean whispers, “So help me, if those pictures are ever shown to another person I will—“
Dean sat perfectly still, hoping his heart was not beating too fast to give away his nerves at being so close to the gorgeous, young doctor.
Sighing, Dean clicked off the lamp and laid down to try and sleep.  He figured he had this coming.  He had ignored Cas for several days, so this was just karma.
, Dean thinks to himself. He wants to believe it, he really does. He almost buys the story he is selling himself, but then Cas stands to remove his own trousers and slide under the covers, his eyes never leaving Dean’s the entire time.
[message sent 9:26 pm]
Cas looks to Dean, expression full of helplessness. Dean wouldn’t know what to say even if he could speak. If they could keep Azrael talking longer, they might be able to distract him or find a weak spot. Castiel has his angel blade, but since he is still not fully healed, it’s hard to say if he would win in a one-on-one fight with another angel.
Dean can’t help the soft chuckle that escapes his throat. He really wasn’t intending to make a move. Dean had planned on asking if Cas wanted to stay in the bunker on a more permanent basis. He decides Cas won’t believe him even if he tells the truth. He pats the angel’s shoulder and closes his eyes. He also makes a mental note to ask Cas in the morning where he learned that phrase.
The evening air is sharp and biting without the sun to warm it. Tiny snowflakes drift gently to the ground, swirling through the air currents. There is already a thick blanket of white snow, unblemished and untouched by anyone. The full moon makes the snow sparkle, like a child’s art project covered in glitter. Dean leads Cas over to a clear patch of snow near the bunker.
It hadn’t been difficult to figure out where John was headed. He was the man who taught them to hunt, after all. Dean pulls up to the two-story house in Lawrence that once belonged to John and Mary Winchester. The Impala is parked out front, and John stands on the porch, shoulders hunched downward.
At that last, Cas relaxes and leans into Dean’s touch ever so slightly. Dean cannot help the contented sigh that escapes his lips, and before he can change his mind, he’s pushing the trench coat off Cas’ shoulders. Castiel doesn’t protest, but he doesn’t exactly help either. Dean takes it as a sign to continue, and Cas’ suit jacket soon follows. He lays out both jackets on a nearby chair, and kneels to remove Cas’s shoes and socks. When Dean gets to Cas’ ever-messy tie, he notices Cas’ adam’s apple bob beneath his fingers. Dean’s heart starts to beat double-time, as whiskey and adrenaline rush through his system. He pulls the blue silk through the collar and undoes the top button on Cas’ shirt.
“Never got around to it doc,” Dean responded, not one to lose his sense of humor, even if he was the one on the receiving end of said fingers up one’s ass at the moment.
Azrael sneers at him, his nostrils flare and his eyes flash dark. “No input is required from you. All I need is for Castiel to hand over the angel tablet, and for your father to agree to be Michael’s vessel on Earth. It was so easy to get this done in a two-for-one deal.”
He runs.
Now those blue eyes are focused on Dean, and not for the first time he wondered if Cas was seeing him or something deeper inside of him. Maybe Cas has always seen the real Dean - more than anyone ever could or wanted to.
“That is a good question actually,” Sam says, “What is the last thing you remember dad? Where were you before coming here?”
Dean should have been surprised – he really should have – to find Castiel in his bed. But, whether it was the stress of the day, or the whiskey in his system, he couldn’t find it in him to be bothered. No, the emotions rolling around in his stomach are something else. Namely confusion as to why Castiel is still wearing all of his clothes, before he remembers he hasn’t taught the angel about pajamas yet.
Azrael laughs at his own joke, as Dean continues to cough up blood. His vision is beginning to blur, as his lungs attempt to gather oxygen. Sam kneels on the ground beside him, trying to help him breathe, but there’s nothing he can do when Dean is being gutted from inside his own body. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees Castiel draw his angel blade from inside his sleeve, and advance towards Azrael.
“No, the Winchester Gospels will live on forever.”
It was the sort of hunt that drove Dean nuts.  He liked action.  He enjoyed feeling needed.  Point him at a monster, and he would happily kill it.  That was his job.  Sitting in a hotel room on a laptop for several days in a row made him a little stir crazy.  He hadn’t realized how much he had grown accustomed to the bunker already and all the space they had to stretch out.
“Yeah. Long story,” Sam responds.
In the morning, when Dean goes to pour his coffee he grabs two mugs. His timing is perfect, it turns out, because Castiel enters the kitchen a few moments later and accepts the drink without question. Dean watches as he hums in appreciation, just smelling the coffee for a few moments, without even taking a sip. Cas looks slightly less rumpled than the morning before, but he probably doesn’t need to try to sleep every night. Dean opens his mouth to ask if Cas would like to try eating pancakes or waffles for the first time, when Sam bursts into the kitchen looking bewildered.
Dean wishes his freckles would fade away.
“Okay, Cas. Get to healing him too. C’mon, we’ll all get healed up, and go back to the bunker. Beers are on me.”
Dean waited in line with Cas at the concession counter, which doubled as the box office in this small theatre, but it saved him a trip because having snacks during a movie was the law.
“I am too.”
“You said you wouldn’t read my mind anymore man.”
“Spread your legs for me Dean,” the low voice commanded.
“Dean, Sam is in a coma. The trials already took so much out of him, that what Azrael did damaged him even further. I can wake him, but then I wouldn’t be able to heal your father. My grace is still weak and it’s too much for me. I can only heal one of them."
Dean was pretty sure a demon had invented Ikea.
“This guy pulled Sam out of Hell?” John asks, confusing coloring his face.
It was that thought that flashed across his mind right before his brain stopped functioning. With his eyes squeezed tight, and his mouth hanging open in a silent cry, Dean came hard across the exam table.
He sat up in bed and turned on the tableside lamps.  He picked up his phone and gave the camera a deadpan look.
“Sometimes you just want the full movie theatre experience, trust me,” Dean said, clapping Cas on the shoulder.
Dean almost choked on his sausage and Sam didn’t stop laughing for a full five minutes.
, Dean thinks.
At least that’s what people say.
Mary Winchester was one of these mothers.
[message sent 9:55 pm]
Kevin stares at her, like he can’t believe she just said that, while Castiel also stares, almost certainly because he didn’t understand her reference.
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’m not gonna argue with that,” Cas said, sounding relieved and gave Dean a smile as he walked to the front door.
Sam stopped in the doorway of the library and turned back to his brother.
“Cas is not my boyfriend!” Dean retorts, a little too aggressively.
.  He went to sleep with a smile on his face.
He blinked, looking around the room.  The bottle of scotch was nearly empty.  The television was still on, but the DVD player must have automatically shut itself off, leaving a blaring blue screen.  Dean was cold from sleeping without a blanket in the drafty underground bunker.  And he had passed out at an odd angle, leaving a crick in his neck.  Perfect way to start the day.
John slowly shakes his head. “You have to understand Dean, that’s not what I ever wanted for you. It’s not what your mother would have wanted either. I’m sorry.”
, he thought.
“Damn it Cas, is it really too much to ask that you heal my brother and my dad?”
He could imagine Cas muttering to his phone before taking the picture.  Or huffing to himself when it wasn’t just right, and he had to take another shot.  Dean imagined that Castiel was a perfectionist when it came to taking cell phone pictures, so Dean could see him taking multiple angles before deciding which one to send to Dean.  The thought of Cas capturing those pictures, and debating with himself on which one to send made Dean smile.
Dean can’t help but chuckle at that thought.
“Is everything okay with Cas?” Sam asks, trying to change the topic.
“Mine’s from Charlie,” Dean explains.
John looks from Dean to Castiel, over to Sam, and then back to Dean.
“I’m glad you came tonight, Cas. And I finally got to show you my room. I have my own room now,” Dean smiled at him, the lazy, unhindered smile of a man without a care in the world.
[message sent 6:08 pm]
“Hang out?” Castiel questioned, because that was something he and Dean had never done. Not just the two of them, and not intentionally.
“Okay, fine,” Charlie relents, “It’s just that we had the funeral for my mom last week, and I don’t know where to go. I was hoping I could come crash with you and Sam for a few days? I promise you won’t even know I’m there. I can organize your monster files, or help come up with a better security system…” Charlie rattles off nervously.
Dean doesn’t have a response for Sam, and he doesn’t need one. Sam keeps right on talking.
“Sam? What is it? What–“ but the rest of the question evaporates, as the color drains from Dean’s face.
“Are you sure?” Sam presses.
As if Dean had any intention of going anywhere.
“You’re Dean Winchester. You can do this.”
Dean shrugs, as he answers his phone with a gruff, “Winchester.”
This fic is sorta canon - but not really. There's the bunker, and Cas has his wings but is driving instead of flying. It's like pieces of s8 and s9, without the angst.
Dean returns the same raised eyebrow look.
But of course it did. How could it not?
“Goodnight bitch.”
Castiel looks at Dean with a soft gaze. “Transporting your father’s soul to Heaven did deplete some of my strength, but I’m glad I could help. I wish I could have done more.”
Dean Winchester didn’t call on Castiel as often as the other angels seemed to imply. Dean only prayed to Castiel when he and Sam were in over their heads. When they truly needed help. So, when Dean had called Castiel to their hotel in western Oklahoma, and climbed into the Impala as soon as the angel arrived, Castiel followed him no questions asked. He knew Dean must need his help on a case. Dean had driven them well outside city limits, to a darkened, open field. The flat Midwestern farmland stretched around them for miles, dotted only occasionally by a farmhouse or outlying building.
I think Dean’s subconscious might have been trying to tell him something with that stripper, what do you think?
Dean rubs a hand down his face and lets out a long exhale. “I know. It’s just… it’s a lot to take in right now. Sorry,” he mumbles, “The last time one of us came back from the dead, we weren’t exactly in one piece.”
They arrive at Stull Cemetery with less fanfare than when Dean drove in years ago. The cemetery looks ordinary, as far as cemeteries go. Gray slate headstones sit in short rows and the grass is withered, and dying, since no one cares for the cemetery anymore.
“If you two don’t mind, we have some work to do,” John interjects, breaking up the staring contest happening between his eldest son and an angel.
Castiel looked over to gauge Dean’s response. A single tear was rolling down his face, running towards his ear since they were lying down. Castiel felt the urge to wipe that tear off Dean’s face. A sudden protective instinct kicked in his gut, to make sure it never happened again. His fingers twitched with the ferocity of the emotion.
“Now Dean? It’s so late. I just want to go to bed,” Sam said, shifting his duffle bag on his shoulder.
Concerned about the prophet, Dean and Sam decide to take Kevin back with them to Kansas. Along the road, they find Castiel injured and in need of help. They load him into the Impala and head back to their base.
“This place –“ Cas slurs, as his head rolls to the side.
Cas doesn’t respond, but gives Dean a small nod. Dean bends down and scoops some of the powdery snow into his gloved hands.
“This is unacceptable,” Charlie proclaims, “We must teach him our ways.”
“Look, this is something you guys can argue about later, okay?” Sam says, “Right now, we have more important things to figure out. Namely, how dad got back, and if he’s even in one piece.”
“I still don’t understand that reference,” Cas deadpans.
Even in his own head it sounded lame.
And doesn’t that just make Dean feel like an asshole. Yeah, they have a lot on their plates, with Sam and the trials, Cas and the angel tablet, rescuing Kevin from Crowley – but Charlie is also his friend. The list of Dean’s remaining friends isn’t that long. He feels like he should be better about staying in touch with all of them. Especially the one who just lost her mother, because damn it if he doesn’t know exactly what that feels like.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
the best, but only the Muppet version oddly enough. Kevin declared they were all uncultured, and that the only good Christmas movie was
John gives him a weak smile and squeezes his hand. Then he turns to Cas.
Dean takes a deep breath, processing the information. If the man really is John, then the immediate danger should be past. The rest of the questions they can answer together. Dean steps forward offering his father his hand.
Castiel came to stand beside Kevin, and turned towards Dean, taking his hand. The judge welcomed everyone for coming, and started with a speech about how sacred marriage was, but Sam didn’t really pay attention to the words. He saw Dean start to relax, as he leaned fractionally closer to Castiel, like two magnets drawn towards each other.
Dean was so happily buzzed that the question didn’t even phase him.  He smiled at the opportunity to teach Cas something about human behavior.  He happily let the instructions run through his head and out through his fingers.
Dean was aware of Sam silently laughing at him out of the corner of his eye as he tried to stare down an angel over his choice of beverage. But Cas wasn’t blinking, and Dean didn’t feel like arguing.
Dean quirked his head over his shoulder to look at the doctor, who was about as nonchalant as a man could be, at least one who currently had two fingers inside another man’s ass.
Of course, everyone knows this isn’t really true. It is a parable. A myth. It’s just a story told by mothers to make their children feel more comfortable with their ruddy appearances.
Sam had thought that even Dean, with all of his problems telling people how he feels, would eventually come to his senses and confess his love to Castiel. But he hadn’t. Dean had not told Castiel how he felt when Castiel rebelled against Heaven, or when he saved Sam and ended up in the hospital, or even when Dean and Castiel were trapped in Purgatory together. Sam knew Dean had said nothing, by the way he told the stories. Dean always had a hint of disappointment in his eyes, as if he had known he had left Castiel in that place, not saying something important to him. Then when Castiel was brought back from Purgatory, Sam thought for certain Dean would be so happy to see Castiel get out that it would break his long silence. Even that had not been enough.
A shivering little thing, it looks malnourished and terrified, frozen in place as if Castiel were a hawk going to snatch it away. Castiel’s almost afraid that if they reach in, the poor thing will lash out in self-defense.
The voice was talking, what seemed like so far away; “Look at how he opens for you – see how relaxed and comfortable he is? How much he trusts you? How much he enjoys even just your fingers inside him?”
“NNnnnngggghh,” the owner of said fantastic cock groaned out, hands holding his hips in their large, strong grip. God he loved those hands.
, he thought it was a bright idea to follow his brother to San Francisco, a huge, highly populated city far away from the wide open plains of Kansas that they had back at home.
“MMMHHHH—”
“Dean? Are you alright?” The voice, vaguely familiar, was rumbling, like a growl. Dean bristled, baring his teeth and skittering his back legs (
It wasn’t unusual to find a familiar switching forms; a familiar was a being of many forms and many faces. The form they chose was always purposeful – chosen out of comfort, the usefulness of particular attributes, and so on.
Castiel doesn’t know how Dean deals with the body of his ex-fiancé. He just knows that Dean takes care of it, and that they are never plagued by his presence again.
Other days, they’re bitter that they’ll never lose a fight or be taken by surprise by a foe.
Not-Intruder made a sound of realization. “Do you want to go on a walk?” He said, voice higher and friendly sounding.
They shared a lingering kiss, then, they raced through the crowd again, hand in hand as they laughed and played.
Soon the sun is falling, and so does Dean’s enthusiasm once he realizes how much time has passed. He seems…unbalanced, by the shifting of the sun, almost as if he has just realized that he is running out of time.
want to be stuck on public transport when he finally switched into four-leg-drive. He could go for a walk, but he didn’t really pass for a dog, at least not easily. The best he and Sam had ever managed to cook up was if he wore an amulet that made him pass as more canine than lupine. Unfortunately, if he tried that without anyone human-shaped with him, he was going to get picked up by animal control and would spend the night in the pound.
Cas ignored him.
“So…warm. And. Tight.” A voice rumbled behind him, sounding just as dazed and aroused as he was. “Opens up so nicely for my fingers.”
Why was he calling him that. Dean was the human, and he was
Dean to come along with him. He had probably thought that Dean was just going to hang out back in the Midwest with Bobby and the Harvelles and Rufus, to which Dean would insist was proof that his brother, while a genius, was also
That very nearly made Dean come then and there, and he desperately had to think of something unsexy to calm down.
Castiel thinks deliriously) and flick back up.
He catalogues Dean’s expressions and tells as a point of professional pride.
Dean rolled his eyes, then flushed. “Neigh,” he said sarcastically, the sound garbled behind the gag and painfully flat.
The artist blinks. “I’m making you uncomfortable.”
00000000000
“You are going to keep feeding me, and as a treat for being such a good toy, I’ll let you suck on my breasts. How does that sound?” she asked, actually asking this time, looking into his eyes with concern, and a real desire to make sure he was okay.
When they return to the bathroom, the rabbit still hasn’t moved.
But Dean’s current problem was something that had, miraculously, not been a problem yet; he had, for some reason, come out of the last Full Moon and packed up for the trip west without once considering what his plan was for the next one.
“Do you understand?”
, asshole.”
They wake up every morning at six thirty on the dot, and make their bed to military standard before heading downstairs. They eat oatmeal with brown sugar with a glass of milk, and then go out to the courtyard for drills. They break for lunch, then chores, then spend the evening sharpening blades, cleaning guns and redoing talismans. Then they go to bed at ten o’clock sharp.
The world starts to fade out around Castiel. He can’t breathe.
Thankfully, either from Castiel’s marble exterior or Michaels lack of concern for the artist himself, the blaze of his emotion went unnoticed by the powerful man. Dean, however, saw the red smoke filling Castiel’s eyes, and was quick to charm his husband into leaving, using gentle touches and an even more gentle voice to urge him to believe that all was well.
Castiel blinked, then their mind caught up and they nodded. Hesitantly, they held out a pinky as well.
Looking at him wearing a long rainbow wig, she only loved him more and more.
“There’s no need to get snippy, I was just asking. You had quite the workout last night.”
“You promise?”
Castiel watches those soft lips move for a moment before realizing he’s been asked a question. “Stonecarver.” He corrects, moving to his tools. “Please pull the chair in the corner over to the sunlit spot and have a seat.”
Dean worked quickly, too worked up to risk playing with himself too long, and soon enough he was able to fit three fingers without issue.
She vibrated hard around him, and with a scream, her pussy rippled around him as she came.
John is not mentioned. Castiel doesn’t blame him for it.
Cas wasn’t quite sure it was to his personal taste, but seeing his beloved’s eyes sweep up and down his body like a visual buffet to a starving man, he determined that it would be worth it to wear it again, just to see Dean’s desire so blatantly exposed to him. It was a very heady feeling.
“Did you know,” Cas started off conversationally, like his erection wasn’t pressing against his stomach at the sight of his lover being pleasured in front of him, hand flying over it like a well-oiled piston. “That the saddle has multiple attachment options?”
“But then,” he continued, pretending as if his beloved weren’t ready to shake apart at the seams. “I thought to myself; what kind of cowboy would Dean be, if he weren’t
Dean’s face brightens. Castiel never wants to see it dim.
They turned. The cat was standing at the door, big green eyes looking at them in a way that seemed almost concerned.
An idea came to their mind. “I could…I could get you out of here. Help you escape. It might be difficult, but I can set you up with some cloaking spells and sneak you out. You could have a life free of all this.”
, but if I don’t she’s going to hex me and make me do it,” Castiel said in a rush, running a hand through their hair. “I don’t know what to do.”
It was the kind of sore that meant he had had some fantastic sex the night before, and he rolled over, rubbing his face into his pillow, letting out a tiny sigh of satisfaction.
It was about an hour in before Cas finally spoke.
“Well, since she said she was done and Sam’s not expecting us back until Monday, you wanna—”
He raced up the stairs, taking them two at a time, and skid into their room –
“Next time, you’re getting reins on nipple clamps,” he murmured, and Dean let out a pathetic sound of want as he let go, leaning back.
It was gorgeous. Beautiful. Stunning. And extremely arousing.
Then, he straightened back up, and set off at a punishing pace, fucking so hard into her that he very nearly shifted them across the bed.
So, for a lack of better planning, here he was in his room, pacing around like a tiger in a roadside zoo cage, looking up at the moon shining through his blinds and whining, already on all fours but not quite furry yet, scratching and clawing at his own skin because it was too
was the one getting fingered. Cas smiled suppressed a laugh.
“Well then. Thank you for the entertainment and the sex ritual, boys, but I’ll be sending you on your way. Best be getting back home so you can have more fun. You’re welcome.”
Cas hummed, pressing another kiss to his lips. “Good. I love bringing you pleasure.”
“I’ll remember that next time you try to claim you’re too tired to take out the trash,” Cas noted wryly, causing Dean to scowl. Cas smiled serenely at him and gave him a chaste kiss on the lips. “Lay back for me, beloved.”
Cas took Dean’s arms and the “lasso” hanging from his hip and carefully bound his arms together at the wrist, pulling back Dean’s shoulders, and tying his bound wrists to the metal loop on the back of the saddle. By the time Dean was entirely settled, his breathing was labored and his eyes already hazy.
Dean did as he was told and Cas fucked in and out of his mouth, the wet slapping sounds echoing in the sterile room. He couldn’t stop staring at his cock going in and out of Dean’s plush lips, and the way his eyes were half-lidded, and a pretty flush highlighting his freckles.
Both of them were decked out in full Pride regalia – she in pan-pride bikini top and a very short matching skirt, and he in a “Queer from Hell” t-shirt with the sides cut open with cargo shorts and flip-flops, and both donning those matching long multi-colored wigs.
Cas moved to hold Dean’s head with his hands, thrusts speeding up. “Now, loosen that jaw. We’re going to move faster now, okay?”
Breathing heavily, he still tilted his head up and smirked at Cas. “Thanks for that, doc.”
“Ooh, he really liked that didn’t he?” She asked, sounding interested. “Do it again.”
“Please be patient with me,” they say quietly. “I don’t know what rabbits usually need, so I don’t have it on hand. I’ll go try and get the proper accommodations you require. The tub is there for you to urinate or defecate as necessary, and feel free to eat and drink as much as you like. I’ll be just out here in my room if you need anything.”
“Gonna mark you up,” he gasped, half delirious with pleasure. “Mark you up as mine, only
They had finally gone to see the ocean together two years ago, and Cas had worn a gorgeously dorky bee-themed bikini (“a
They usher them forwards, and after Naomi waves her hand in a careless command, they open the box.
The movement of his lungs. The beating of his heart.
As expected, Dean merely pushed back into the fingers, and soon enough they slipped into his pucker past the ring of muscle. Dean made a small, pleased exhale that dissolved into a hum.
Dean did.
Thinking quickly, he turned around and unbuckled his pants. “Now. Please come kneel over here so I can check your throat.”
; he was
“Caaaaaas,” he whined, head falling back, and
Chest heaving, cock curved up towards his stomach, head tilted back, he awaited further instruction.
Never before has it seemed so impossible to turn a hunk of rock into something stunning, but Castiel is a professional and a skilled artist. He takes a moment to collect himself before moving over to Dean to look closer at his subject.
“I put too much weight on your knees.” Cas gathered, wanting to slap himself. “I’m so sorry, I got caught up in the moment. Won’t happen again.”
Dean swallowed, involuntarily licking his lips – and Cas’s thumb – in anticipation.
He was the luckiest man in the world.
“I’m so sorry about her,” they said, staring blankly at the far wall, only able to focus on the shivering behind their neck. “She only thinks about the mission and training. Not about your wellbeing or the fact that you’re still settling in. She’s…not a considerate person.”
, and the man let out a choked-off groan as warmth filled his ass, and the sensation of this man coming inside him was enough to push him over the edge, and he shook through his orgasm.
“Sit?” Dean asks, an odd tone in his voice.
The low hum of the vibrator was drowned out by Dean’s deep, guttural moan.
“Good. Get to it.”
if he thought Dean wasn’t going to tag along with him to keep an eye on him.
. In Castiel’s frazzled mind, he had forgotten that it was his weekly day to visit to see the progress on the statue.
The force of the blow forces Castiel back and he stumbles, tripping and falling by the statue, but he kicks out and knocks Michael’s legs out from under him, with the man falling on top of him. Both of their weapons knocked from their hands, Michael resorts to wrapping his hands around Castiel’s neck.
“Don’t be nervous,” Cas said, pulling up his clipboard and pretending to write stuff down on it. “It’s very normal for men at your age. Just remember to relax.”
“Mother—”
“And that concludes our session,” Cas said with a smile.
He felt his blood rushing to his cheeks, and a little moan fell out without his permission.
“Oh my GOD, YES FUCK FUCK YES CAS PLEASE,” a hoarse scream ripping from his throat, body spasming out of control, cock unable to respond to the overwhelming pleasure effusing his body thanks to the ring cutting it off, but doing nothing to stop the dry orgasm wracking through Dean’s sweaty, flushed form. An unexpectedly high, long moan forced out and maintained as his body vibrated and twitched, his legs forced out from beneath him, skidding against the bedsheets as if that would help him gain traction against the rollercoaster of sensation.
“I never knew there were so many hot queer people here!” Dean laughed, wrapping his arms around her middle and hugging her, kissing at her neck. “Watch out, babe, all these got people – you’ve got some competition!”
orgasmed, mind you, but he seemed almost as satisfied as if he had. Only Dean could still be a dick when he was so deep in subspace – but seeing as he had just sucked
She pressed down more, and he wasn’t able to move, wasn’t able to even breathe – no air that was free of her scent. It filled him, enveloped him, sunk into his mind and took hold
“How lucky I am to have such a lovely little slave,” she mused, grinding against him. “Such a pretty toy.”
“Alright, alright, I’m a fucking American Werewolf in London, are you happy?”
Dean groans at the sudden lack of stimulation, but not in a happy way.
dick, he was inclined to forgive the man.
Dean speaks of the local children, claimed and orphans alike, with equal fondness. Krissy, Kevin, Charlie, Ben, so many that Castiel in his excellent memory cannot keep track of. He sneaks them bread made by the baker Donna, and little trinkets from the blacksmith Jody. Jo and Claire, huntress and huntress-in-training, Ellen of the tavern, Rufus the brewer. Names and faces of people Castiel has never met, described in such detail that he feels as if he has known them his whole life. Castiel’s hand flies across the page, eyes never leaving the suddenly vibrant young man in front of him who loves so fiercely.
For tonight, the saddle would be placed on the bed. Dean had been complaining about his knees within the past month, and didn’t need the extra strain.
“OKAY, enough of that!” A firm hand on top of the Wolf’s head pushed him back. He growled a bit, pushing against it, but then the hand grasped the back of his neck and he couldn’t help but relax against the hand, nuzzling into the arm attached to it and giving gentle licks. The grasp turned into gentle stroking of fingers, which the wolf had no problem with.
He sharpens his chisels and gets to work.
For the first time in a long time, they let their heart ache.
“Good boy.” Cas checked the restraints one more time, and then pressed a button on the back of the saddle.
Dean returns, and carving resumes. The pattern continues for weeks, with the two coming to an unspoken agreement to alternate which one speaks on any given day, and Castiel feels the vulnerable sensation of being seen for the first time in his life as something other than the very marble he carves.
In Dean’s hands was the head of the statue, his eyes aflame and teeth bared in fierce triumph, so at odds with the serene expression of his marble copy. Castiel thinks it suits him better.
He felt like he ran for
“MmmHmm-
The cat made a sound that sounded suspiciously like a harrumph, before turning around and settling itself with its back to them, pointedly ignoring them.
thighs in those dark jeans of his.
She dropped his wrists and stepped back, and that was his cue.
The training grounds went silent. Naomi’s face went white with anger, lips pressed into a hard line.
“Woah, what the – nnnnggg – what the fuck is that?” Dean yelped, interrupted with a moan, leaning up as if to figure out where the hell that sudden pleasure had come from.
“So uh. You’re the sculptor?”
a good boy. Now, rock your hips for us, angel.”
The Wolf knew that word, walk. It meant being out under the moon, moving under it’s glow and the light of the stars, feeling the breeze through his fur. He grew excited, tail moving frantically, letting out a sharp
Dean tensed up and let out a loud, long moan, and Cas felt wetness along his hand as he kept stroking, easing Dean through his climax like a horse being led back to the stables.
“Ah, yeah, uh, pros-prostate exam, uh huh, mmhm.” Dean shifted some more, licking his lips again.
“Hhhhhhmmmmmm,” he sighed, and he leaned back into it, pressing the cock into himself as much as he could. His arms were snug in the ropes, though, and he felt as though he were encased in a hug, keeping him secure and still for that really nice cock pressing into him.
Castiel squints at him. “I need to get a better grasp of your features. Do not mind me.”
Yes. This was happiness. And he couldn’t wait to go back and relax in the afterglow, like a lazy day in the sun.
He could be tied and fucked against this tree forever and ever, and it still wouldn’t be enough.
Cas was almost disappointed by how easy it was, but decided not to question it. Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth and all that.
He wished he could see him, could touch him, but at the same time he didn’t. He was so happy to be here, suspended in darkness, knowing that he was secure and being pleasured thoroughly by an unknown man. The woman knew best, and she had already made him so comfortable and relaxed, and was the reason he was getting speared open by this man’s cock. He was so grateful to her, and never wanted this to end.
He pressed his knuckles against his perineum and rubbed until Dean was writhing in his bed, panting harshly. He seemed more aroused by that than playing with his balls.
“Don’t worry,” they soothed, putting their toothbrush back in its holder. “I’ll be in there in just a moment.”
And there, he settled.
yes,” he breathed, sounding giddy.
cardio.”
– if you can’t make meeeee come soon I will – ng –
Or, they finally had someone to vent to and to get it all out. A draining of an infection. Not the final solution, but a necessary step to recovery.
“Are you alright?” He asks urgently, looking into his lover’s eyes like they will fade at any moment.
Her fingers worked against his cock, massaging and squeezing like it was a fun little toy, and he whimpered, knowing better than to rut into her hand.
His blood freezes, and Dean does the same in his arms, their head whipping around to the door of the studio to see Michael, tall and strong and
She turned around in his arms and wrapped hers around his neck. “What do you say to us getting some ice cream, stay for the leather daddy part of the parade, and then head back home to continue the festivities in private?” she asked, biting her lip slowly and looking up at him through her eyelashes.
As usual, the sight of hir partner made xem smile, and xie rolled closer to cuddle into their arms.
A local fisherman, Robert (
He had waited for what felt like no time at all when he heard footsteps.
advantage of that fact, because nothing improved a scene like Dean being trussed up and exposed for their shared pleasure.
Cas turned away and rustled through his papers, to give the illusion of getting forms in order while he carefully attempted to calm down his own reaction to Dean’s beautiful responses.
They walked for quite a while, until they finally managed to hitch a ride with a guy who kept looking at them suspiciously, but when he tried to put his hand high up on Cas’s thigh, Cas lifted their shirt to flash their P320 tucked in their sideholster.
The next day, Castiel is filled with anxiety and anticipation. Dean takes a seat as usual, and talks about Benny the Fisherman, same as Gabriel. They are friends, the fisherman having worked on Bobby’s vessel for a while.
00000
He took a deep breath.
“Oh did I, huh?” Dean snapped, twisting to glare at the other man. “Did I get quite the workout when you
Was it incredibly stupid to go out looking for someone to roll in the hay with to forget about how desperately he wanted to suck his best friend’s dick? He would argue no. It’s worked out well enough in the past, so that’s not the flawed part of the decision making. Shut up.
“It’s just, uh, I don’t think that this is. Standard issue.” Dean’s voice was a bit uneven, his face doing an odd sort of spasm. “For saddles.”
leave? Start a new life?”
. The voice called him
She laughed loudly, giving him a big hug before pulling back.
“Well, admittedly I intended the saddle to be an anniversary present, but since I custom ordered it, it took a bit longer than anticipated to get everything absolutely right, and shipping was very slow.”
(Gas money, tragically, was not a problem; before a white-knuckled flight to Cali with what little Sam owned in a suitcase, Dean had to reckon with the fact that moving to the city meant no Impala; a truly heartbreaking decision that he had wrestled with long and hard, but as much as he loved Baby more than most things in the world, Baby unfortunately came behind Sammy, and so he was forced to leave the old girl with Bobby for the time being. Bobby, for all his cantankerousness, had clapped Dean hard on the shoulder as he silently said goodbye, and had periodically sent Dean pictures of her, as if to prove that she was still in pristine condition. His price was forcing Dean to call Ellen once a week, which was hardly a hardship; they might not be his pup, but they were pack, and he appreciated having those bonds reinforced, even through the distance.)
,” she purred, steps approaching him until the bed shifted with her weight. Musky skin was pressed into his face, forcing him to breathe it in, sending him even higher.
It was one of the happiest moments xie had ever had.
They laid there, hearts and hands slowing gradually until they came to a stop, and the sound of their breathing dominated the air. Neither wanted to move.
Before he could work out why, he heard a tromping through the woods that was almost certainly human feet.
“What if I get you a steaming cup of joe and a BJ? Will that make you less grumpy?” xie teased, hooking hir chin over their neck.
“Excellent work, boys, I think that’ll do me for the next year or so, don’t you?” She said cheerfully, finger running down the ropes.
And then he’s gone. Dean hears his bedroom door close, almost too loud in the sudden silence.
“Don’t I get a hospital gown? Or some privacy?”
Castiel has gotten a reputation for being the same.
He laughed too. “Yeah you’re right.” He leant in and sucked on her neck more. “None of them have anything on you.”
“Looked more
Usually, Dean curled up with Sam, and his brother usually used the opportunity to recruit Dean in recharging wards and protection spells via familiar magic. Which was great for Dean; he got to help Sam and make sure he was safe in a tangible way, and got rid of some of that restless energy that could otherwise overwhelm him on Full Moons. But this time, Sam was busy with homework and his study group, and hadn’t factored in the time of the month into his schedule, so Dean was stuck at his apartment.
“Dean,” the familiar said. It was their name.
Which, of course, is when everything went south.
Dean sighed as it slipped in. “I’m feeling awfully pampered today. Is it my birthday and I forgot?”
There was a blur of fur, another poof, and then suddenly they had an armful of a young person about their age in their arms, holding onto them like they were a life raft in the middle of the ocean.
without it, but he was naked because the change ripped his clothes, why was he
Things went wrong almost immediately.
“Oh I will. Fortunately, those will go hand in hand – best to save time, you know.” A bullshit excuse, but neither of them cared. It was all just make believe, anyway.
“What?”
“If you can’t – mmmm,
“It’s not that. It’s not me prioritizing you over me. I think. It’s more…asking for time. You seem like you already have an idea of what you want. I don’t.”
…Okay. Yeah. This was one hundred percent on Dean. That was dumb.
” Dean breathed.
They fill the bowl with water, then place both gently down in the tub.
Dean groaned.
“Just for me,” the man moaned, hips jerking into Dean with a light smack of skin. “Made him just for me.”
Time to dodge, reflect, and evade. “Morning, Cas.” He said easily, voice slightly less casual than he would like. “What, uh. What’s up? Got any plans for the day?”
Swallowing around his cock, Dean swirled his tongue on the vein running underneath, and when Cas pulled back it was with a loud slurp.
Dean’s jaw dropped. “You take that back, motherfucker.”
It’s a rabbit.
The man is hesitant, but one wouldn’t know it by the way he speaks. His voice is gruff and his demeanor guarded, and all Castiel can think of is how beautiful he is, even as hidden away as he has made himself.
His gentle sigh of pleasure was drowned out by Dean’s moan, and he felt Dean’s hips twitching desperately as he fought not to move without permission. To reward such good behavior, he didn’t take longer than necessary to get adjusted before rocking his hips.
“Give me one minute,” said Not-Intruder, moving towards the opposite side of Bigger-Cage, moving through a door into a Little-Cage. The Wolf followed him, stopping at the door and looking expectantly at Not-Intruder. Why was he going into a Little Cage? Walk was
The intruder did not advance, which was wise; Dean was strong enough to fight him off.
Castiel turns and sees Dean looking at him with an equally odd look. “Unless you’d rather stand? This will not be a quick process. I thought you would prefer to be seated.”
But Dean started to do something…new.
Dean was sore.
“I’m not done with you yet,” he murmured, thumb playing at Dean’s lower lip.
“Shhhhh,” a voice whispered right in his ear.
Was it stupid to do it specifically when they were hunting a creature who could turn into a beautiful woman and had shown a habit of playing pranks on stupid horny men? Okay, yeah, that was not his best call.
“Once again, he shows off his genius intellect,” Dean growled, already entirely done with the day as he moved into the kitchen to grab something,
can ride you, my beautiful good boy—”
“All ready to please your empress, aren’t you?”
But this…this was not that kind of knot.
he with Pup?
Silence. More staring.
When they entered the room, Dean was a cat, just batting at their own tail, but then shifted back into their human form with a look of alarm.
Why would he ever need some random actor or actress when he had this—this
, Cas noted, pleased. He liked having a good view.
Dean is the son of a poor huntsman who dealt away his beautiful son to pay off his debts. Everyone knows John is a scoundrel and a drunk (so sayeth Gabriel). Apparently, Dean’s beauty is so profound that Michael wants a statue to commemorate it.
“Safeword?” Cas prompted.
Cas was rocking some outrageous bedhead, blinking sleepily as he scratched his bare chest. As he slowly became more aware of his surroundings he too froze up.
Castielle loved her boyfriend, so so much.
Dean was only a full-fledged wolf once a month, but sometimes he acted way too much like a well-trained dog for his own comfort. Tagging along behind his loved ones, happily following them wherever they decided to go. And Sam was his pack, his pup; like
Or, at least, that’s what he thinks will happen.
He felt his way around in the warm, hot channel, entirely aware exactly where Dean was most sensitive but acting ignorant to squeeze the most of his lover’s pleading whimpers out of him.
He slams the marble against Michael’s head with a mighty crack of thunder.
They stay like that for a while.
She raised one eyebrow.
and Dean had no proof that the guy even ate at all because of it, but whatever, his eating habits were none of his business. Otherwise Dean would have to explain why he ate meat borderline
Dean felt a small shiver run down his spine.
It was heady, and pulled him under.
“Mmmhmm,” Dean hummed absently, still slurping and tonguing around his cock.
He got it, he really did. Sam was a witch, not a wolf; he had no reason to think about the lack of space or the issues of being caught four-legged and toothy in the middle of a highly populated urban area. Plus, it wasn’t like he
) that he was looking for a roommate, and somehow no one had snatched up the spot before he had. It was relatively reasonable price and the guy was fairly mild mannered, but he imagined that the ‘odd hours’ that the guy admitted to during their interview process was probably the thing that drove people away. Or at least, that’s what Dean had to assume. He couldn’t find anything else; Cas – that was they guy’s name, or what he insisted on going by – was a decent roommate. He was quiet and unobtrusive, and was polite when they passed each other during the morning, when Dean was going to work and Cas was going to bed. He didn’t clog up the freezer with frozen pizzas or steal shit, and somehow
Look, Dean’s been tied up quite a bit in his life – sometimes for fun reasons, sometimes for not so fun reasons – and baddies almost always went with the same kind of impossible-to-untie, cuts off circulation to your hands kind of knot. The point, after all, was that he wasn’t supposed to get away.
– it’s my life’s meaning, it’s what I-eeeee, hmmm, what I exist for.”
He pressed in deeply enough to trigger Dean’s gag reflex, and his throat spasmed around him. “Hm, seems you
“I’ll be right back,” xie said fondly. “You’d think you’d be less grumpy after I let you fuck me with a leash on my collar last night.”
His face falls. “I suppose you got all you need out of me, huh?” He says with false flippancy.
He obeys, a hand pulling off to return with a swift crack that makes Dean cry out and his legs fall even further apart, back arching.
“Who knows, maybe we can have some different fun with the leash.”
He doesn’t even realize what he’s said until green eyes well up with tears and he has the very breath squeezed from his lungs in a hug.
“Impala,” Dean murmured, already slipping under.
Dean gestures at him with a careless flick of his hand, reclined on his chair like it’s a throne. “I told you all about myself. Tell me about you. It’s only fair.”
“Well aren’t you friendly?” Not-Intruder said, voice softer than before. “You’re at least not aggressive, that’s good, but why stay in the---right. City. But why--?”
When they turned to Dean, they were looking at them with tear tracks running down their face, eyes wide. Realizing they were now being looked at, they looked away and roughly brushed away their tears, clearing their throat.
Dean climaxed
you do so.”
“Which one of us has to perform and which gets to sit in a top hat for a few minutes?” Cas mumbled, not in any mood to hear it.
She swept out again without another word, like a tornado – fast, unexpected, and leaving destruction in her wake.
“I…I don’t know.” They leaned back, sighing. “I’ve never really thought of anything beyond ‘try to please my master as much as I can to avoid pain.’”
He shifted his legs around, laying on his back with his head on the pillows.
“Are your wrists okay to be tied again? It’s fine if not.”
, to eat.
All he could do was let himself hang from the ropes and just get his ass fucked open by this man.
His nipples, hard already at the chill of the wind, rubbed against the bark of the tree, and sent a zing of sensation down to his lower stomach, and he shook, a sound getting caught behind the gag.
They hold it gently, knowing not to put it on its back, and hold it like a baby. The thing barely flickers with magic, but it’s there. It’s a bit like catching glimpses of sunlight through heavy clouds, before the clouds cover the sun again.
Eyes flicking up and back down once, Dean moved forward and then folded down to his knees right where Cas indicated. He didn’t seem to know whether to focus on Cas’s face looking down at him impassively or at the large erect cock in his face.
Eventually, she pulled off, and his face was absolutely covered in her juices. All he could do was gasp for air as he finally could breathe easily, and imagined what he looked like; face shiny and wet, lips rubbed red, chest rising and falling as his lungs tried to catch up on lost air.
But Castiel hesitates for only a moment before indulging this unusual request.
It’s the first one they’ve ever given themselves, though. That should count for something.
“Lungs healthy, heart healthy, responsive nipples, healthy testicles; it all looks in order. Now, onto the prostate exam.”
And more importantly, they were happy and in love.
“Mm, no. I was thinking of flipping the script for you.” He pulled a couple of items out of his bag and returned to the bed. “Before you were the cowboy riding your horse. Now—”
Castielle broke it. “
Cas fisted his cock and laid it on Dean’s lips. “Open up and say ‘aahh’.”
“Mrrrrph.” Cas grumbled, rolling over away from xem as if that would allow them to escape from the unfortunate truth.
0000000000000000
He tilted it down to get a look at Dean’s steadily reddening and lifting cock. “Penis is an adequate size, as are testicles.”
Dean laughs almost involuntarily, incredulity in the curve of his mouth and fear in the glint of his eyes. “Kinda hard to do when you’re staring at my face from this close.”
He mostly fails. But at least when he clocks out and makes his way home, he only has to knock once on Cas’s door to get him to open.
“Naomi’s wants me to bring you out to training, but I
mistress,
Annael was teary-eyed with pride and had given him his first hug from anyone beside Gabriel. She gave him a great dinner of duck and vegetables and bread, with his first ever glass of wine. She bid him to bed and told him how proud she was of him.
He did so, and she maneuvered him around until he was on all fours. His cock pressed against something wet and warm.
She pulled him away, ignoring his protesting whine. “With such lovely lips, too. So soft. Stick your tongue out, toy.”
Cas came out of the infirmary room with a clipboard and a white lab coat, standing confidently in the threshold, and took great pleasure in Dean looking up at him from his out-of-place chair in the hallway and promptly swallowing his tongue, if the bobbing of his adam’s apple was any indication.
That feels really good,” Dean whimpered. “Keep – keep doing that. Holy shit.”
000000000
“Did we-“
“Ah yeah, delayed shipping; the eternal struggle.” Dean shimmied until he was in position, then wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. “Train’s ready to leave the station whenever you are.”
Cas shuffled slightly behind him, seat scraping lightly against the floor. “I got bacon from the store while we were out. Feel free to enjoy yourself.”
“You’re just here for a routine checkup, so nothing unusual,” Cas said, fully ignoring the fact that this was most certainly not usual for a medical professional. “Just here to check your general health, that all of your bodily responses are still sharp, and then end it on a prostate exam.”
Not him personally, of course. But he would certainly benefit extensively.
For a moment, there was only the sound of heavy breathing.
” His voice hitched with each downwards movement, like air being forced out of his very lungs.
nice. “
Sometimes his brother, Gabriel, stops by. He doesn’t mind that Castiel doesn’t respond, knowing that is just his way, and carries on talking enough for the both of them. Castiel knows he is fond of the sound of his own voice, and indulges him. Sometimes he even bothers to listen, which is how he learns what the gossips think of him. He doesn’t bother himself with it, but it sticks in his mind like a particularly stubborn pebble in machinery.
Dean managed to figure out which car belonged to an asshole that they wouldn’t feel bad about stealing it from with a full tank of gas, and they break into it, taking off into the night.
One last look in the mirror, then they turned off the light as they left.
Whiskey is more of a multi-purpose tool than most people realize. For a hunter, it is a necessity. It is liquid life support while doing hours of research, or an effective painkiller when coming back injured after another difficult hunt. Dean also discovered, long ago, that whiskey serves another purpose. It can be used to limit the effects of emotional issues such as guilt, depression, and anger. Dosage varies depending on the person, and several doses have to be taken for the full benefits to take effect.
Such a simple thing - to hold someone’s hand - but a small pleasure that Dean has denied himself for years. He hopes he gets to keep it this time.
“I think so,” said Cas, “But I’m not used to wearing jeans. Are they meant to fit like this?”
Castiel walks over and plucks Dean’s coffee mug out of his hands. Before Dean can protest, Cas is inhaling the steam, humming softly as he takes a drink. Dean quirks an eyebrow over to Sam and Kevin, to see if they’ve noticed. They are both staring at the angel as well, with slightly shocked looks on their faces. Cas must sense all the eyes on him and looks up.
Sam drew his tall form out of the booth, and sauntered over to the pool tables to find an opponent.  Dean watched him leave, muttering something under his breath that Castiel couldn’t make out.
When they get back to the Impala, Dean puts the keys in the ignition but doesn’t start the engine.
“Is there some reason we are drinking green beer?” the angel questioned, leaning towards Dean who was sitting across the booth from him.
“I haven’t even written my vows yet, Sammy. Cas is going to be so disappointed if I don’t come up with something good.”
Dean swallowed hard, and slowly began to raise the edge of the paper gown. Dean had been naked in front of other men before, but it had been awhile since he had been around one he found so attractive. His dick was already slightly fuller than normal, as it had taken an interest in the proceedings. He only hoped he could control his arousal just enough to get through the rest of the exam.
“Important enough to leave your brother behind and run off into danger,” Dean growls under his breath.
It takes a moment for the words to actually register in Dean’s mind. He is sure that can’t be the end of Castiel’s sentence. Surely, he meant to say he had lost it and then gotten it back. There’s no way Crowley can possess the angel tablet, because that isn’t good news for any of them. When Castiel still refuses to look Dean in the eye, that’s when Dean is forced to face the truth.
Reviewing that last thought, maybe that’s what Cas was doing wrong at the moment.  Maybe he was upsetting the ritual for the evening but not consuming his drink in silence.
Charlie had already gotten a tour the last time she had been in the bunker, but she keeps peering down hallways, and into rooms, looking for something. Or, more likely, someone. Dean thinks she couldn’t be more obvious if she tried.
Dean ignored Castiel’s remark and continued talking.
, thought Dean,
When he was finished, the only problem was that Dean’s skin was too clear. All of his identifying marks had been removed, as well as his freckles.
Dean tried to go to bed early to see if some extra sleep would help his mood.
“So, what’s up Charlie? Is everything okay?”
“Not even you could manage it, Azrael. Not without alerting all the other angels to what you were doing.”
They sleep together again that night, like they have every night since Dean carved Cas’ name into that table. This night there may be less clothes than usual and more kisses pressed into each other’s skin - in secret places best exchanged in private.
Dean swore as he swiped open his phone, grumpy about being interrupted from the only good dream he had had in weeks.  He was determined to finally change that damn ringtone once and for all.  What he saw stopped him in his tracks.
Then Dean remembered how good Cas looked in regular clothes and kind of forgot about everything else for the rest of the day.
“Damn it Cas. You haven’t tried to fly since Crowley attacked you. What the hell were you thinking?” Dean asks, voice gruff with worry.
Cas lifted up his shirts, showing how the denim hugged his hips and flashed them a sliver of his stomach. Then he turned around to show the fit on the back and Dean suddenly had to clear his throat and couldn’t help but shift his weight where he stood.
That night, having gone to bed right after dinner, Dean found himself tossing and turning in bed unable to sleep.  He felt like a jackass.  He knew exactly what was keeping him awake and it was the feeling of guilt over what he had done to Cas.  His best friend had shared something personal and Dean had responded by ignoring him.
Castiel remembers the experience in vivid detail. He had been part of the task force sent into Hell to retrieve Dean. By the time he found Dean, the man had been torturing souls for a decade, and it tore at Castiel’s heart that he had not been able to get to Dean sooner. Castiel remembers seeing Dean’s soul for the first time. It had been a dark, shriveled thing that shrank back from the light of Castiel’s grace. Castiel despaired that maybe they were too late, and Dean could not be saved. But then a small light had shone through the darkness, a slight glimmer of hope that reached out to Castiel’s warmth. Castiel had grabbed onto that light, and wrapped it inside his own grace. He pulled Dean Winchester out of the Pit.
“It is possible that with all of the disorder in Heaven right now, some of the lesser spirits could be out of control.”
There had been no notification sound, since the text screen was already open.
Charlie and Kevin sit at their own table, where they offered to help with the research, but Dean doubts they are getting much done because he keeps hearing murmured phrases like “elder scrolls” and “character classes” that he’s pretty sure have nothing to do with their current case. Dean loudly clears his throat and gives Charlie a pointed look when she glances up at him. She turns a faint shade of pink, and offers to go make everyone coffee. Kevin gets up and follows her into the kitchen. Castiel hovers by the doorway, unsure if he should continue to research with the Winchesters, or follow Charlie and Kevin.
“It is I who am the gunner of God. When I roar, the Earth trembles!” John shouts at them both.
“Oh, and Dean, for what it’s worth, I think you and Cas would make a great couple too.”
John stares down Azrael, he moves his hand behind his back, and makes a grabbing motion towards Castiel. Castiel places his angel blade in John’s hand, and John comes out swinging at Azrael. Azrael is actually surprised at the move and startles backwards. It breaks his concentration enough that Dean can feel oxygen moving into his lungs again. He looks over to see that Sam is breathing, but lying in the grass unconscious.
The woman picked up on the way Dean was standing, and something in his tone of voice, and her mouth quickly opened in surprise.
“This new weapon, effective at hurting angels?” Dean asks. Castiel nods in response.
“Thanks,” Dean groaned, testing his limbs to make sure nothing had popped out of place.
Dean gave him a death stare. This was not the conversation Dean had hoped to have. He thought Sam was going to tell him this was all in his imagination or something.
That question threw Dean for a loop. Surely that was a come on. How was he supposed to respond to that?
Dean was giving him a confused look again, but Castiel continued without pause.
Dean dropped his arm, and walked off towards the kitchen. Castiel looked after him, but soon turned back to talk to Kevin and Jody. Sam stared after them both in confusion. That spell should have worked. Sam had checked the incantation three times to be sure. Maybe they had not stood together long enough. Or maybe Sam had interfered by standing next to them at all, confusing the spell with feelings of friendship or brotherhood, instead of love.
“I didn’t say they were all women,” Dean replied before his brain could filter what his mouth was saying.
“So some random nut job did some heavy duty Voodoo worshipping and brought our dad back to life?” Dean asks.
No such luck.
Sam and Dean are deep into the Men of Letters library, scanning what feels like every book on the shelves, trying to identify the symbol. Dean’s eyeballs feel strained from too much reading and not enough sleep. Finding one symbol out of thousands is a daunting task even on the best of days. Dean can feel his patience stretching even thinner, as John paces the room, not even bothering to pick up a book. Dean traces over the symbol on the printout from his phone, trying to recall if he’s ever seen it before. It’s in the shape of an “A” with lots of scrollwork, but nothing about it really stands out.
His relief is short lived as John Winchester finally snaps at his eldest son.
“Any history of heart disease in your family?”
“Cas, you know this guy?” Dean asks.
All through dinner, Sam tried to think of a way to get Dean and Castiel to stand underneath the mistletoe at the same time. In the end, it turned out to be Charlie, asking the three of them to stand together for a picture. Sam pulled his brother to the doorway, and gestured for Castiel to stand with them. Charlie took her pictures and Sam moved away as quickly as he could, without being obvious. He slid over to stand by Charlie, pretending to peer over at Charlie’s phone, but keeping an eye on his brother and Cas.
Cas chuckled again, but then gasped as Dean began sucking on the pulse point of his neck and teasing his nipples with his rough, strong fingers.
“Jerk.”
Dean was so screwed.
“Your partner?”
“Your father does not seem to like me,” Castiel states, as if he had been reading Dean’s mind.
The hunter’s eyes went back to  Cas’ as his jaw went cold, and the feeling of emptiness had never felt stronger on his skin.
The moment seemed stuck in time, and Dean could swear that the movie had gone silent as Castiel opened his mouth under him. Dean’s tongue was brushing on Cas’, hot and warm, while the angel whimpered at the touch.
“Okay, well,” continued the blonde man, “Charlie just texted me. She should arrive during the night, so be sure to be awake, and let me know when she’s here,” he added as he turned away.
The moment before Cas’ answer felt like forever, until he finally stated a simple, “yes”.
Charlie looked at him before asking, “What about Jess?”
“You okay there Sammy?” he asked. “You know people are usually out of bed in the afternoon.”
Tears came back, stronger this time, Sam didn’t even know why he was crying, this was a fake story, his brother was alive and so was Castiel. They weren’t in the 70s anymore and… and Sam was crying, hiding his face in Dean’s crook as he stroked his back, soothing him.
Dean had always felt for Castiel, but never allowed himself to think that he could actually have something with his friend. Never daring to hope that an angel could love him, the Hell torturer.
At least that was the only thing he had found to reassure himself. Maybe this fanfiction wouldn’t be as good as the one before, after all, Ninety-One Whiskey was probably one of the best stories he ever read, actual books included.
“Are you saying…” started Dean, frowning his brows, “that you… want to be with me.”
“Hey!” interrupted the older hunter standing up between the two friends, “what are you? Four years old?”
Like every other time.
“Hello, redheaded girl,” smiled Sam.
“Mmm hmm,” nodded Sam, leaning back on his chair.
“Well, we were forced to face this… situation, but you would never lose me Dean,” replied Cas laying his eyes on Dean once more.
Sam realised Charlie’s mistake too late. While he was just standing up – and Charlie was turning, her face marked with horror – he saw his brother’s face changing and his smile vanish as his eyes read what was on the screen.
Sam was interrupted by the sound of the door being slugged open by his angry brother, followed by Castiel.
After a few seconds of silence where the human thought he was saved and stood up from his bed, Castiel started again, “But do you think that Dean and I behave like a human couple?”
“Uh yeah sure, what?” asked the hunter, passing a hand in his hair trying to handle his mane.
Sam suddenly felt two strong hands shaking him awake. It took him a few seconds for his eyes to get used to the light, but he finally recognised Castiel standing next to his bed.
“Thank you, Dean,” replied the angel, glancing quickly at Sam.
themed dreams.
“And why would I do that?” countered Dean, crossing his arms.
“I dunno either. I never really moved out, but I like my apartment. I like having my own space.”
“I…do we have to talk about this?”
“Dunno. He wasn’t here when I got here this morning. Figured he decided to finally take a day off.” Dean frowned.
“I ask myself that every day.” He sipped his glass of rum. “If you’re set on taking someone home, don’t let me stop you. I’ll be fine.”
“He said he didn’t wanna talk to me, and I didn’t push it,” Sam said, taking his seat beside Dean. Cas sighed.
“I’d like to move in with you, Dean. I enjoy the ten-second commute.” Dean nodded.
Cas took a deep breath to keep from breaking. Dean wasn’t yelling at him, but the bitterness in his words stung. He wanted to reach out and touch him, let him know that he wasn’t going anywhere, no matter how much he pushed him away. He resisted though, because Dean was more likely to break his arm than accept a gentle touch.
“No, I think I should. If you’re gonna spend the whole time thinking I might kill you, it’s probably for the best.” Dean was angry. The edges of his eyes were turning red and his fangs were showing just a little.
Dean sat on his couch, sipped his coffee, and avoided his phone. He turned on the TV and picked something random from his Netflix list to keep himself occupied. He was going to handle this like a rational adult instead of a lovesick teenager. His phone buzzed from the other end of the couch and lunged for it. His heart was pounding until he saw Sam’s name on the screen. He sighed and answered.
Dinner was followed by a few rounds of trivia and Cas seemed a little put out that Dean chose Sam over him, but his brother would always have first dibs. It wasn’t until they bid everyone goodbye around one in the morning that Dean noticed Cas was wearing his jacket. He smiled to himself as he and Sam got into Baby. Sam was quiet until they got to Dean’s apartment.
“Patrick was one of the first Prophets.  He heard the Voice of God.  He was the Prophet for many prominent figures in Europe.  Curious that his name lives on while theirs do not.”
They kiss for so long the windows of the Impala are fogged up when they pull apart and they have to sit in the parking lot with the defroster running for a few minutes for it to clear. The progress is slowed due to their additional kisses.
“Supply run. He should be back soon,” Dean answers, “Let’s go meet the other residents of Hotel Winchester.”
Let me know in the comments! Come say hello on
“Now, for the prostate exam. Turn around and bend over the table for me Dean.”
One house in particular seems to be at the eye of the storm. The wind screeches through the town, but it is eerily still at this residence. As if the storm were only happening around it, like some kind of malevolent snow globe. Then one bright bolt of lightning strikes the front yard of the house. A smell like burnt ozone whips through the air. After that, the storm clears as if it had never been there. Clouds dissipate, and the world normalizes. People cautiously head outdoors again to assess the damage and find nothing out of place.
It wasn’t that Dean didn’t want to be helpful, but it was already past seven o’clock at night and he knew Librarian Sammy would be only too happy to pull an all-nighter to organize the stacks.  Dean had other plans for the evening - including a marathon of Star Trek movies and a bottle of twenty-five year old scotch that the Men of Letters had left behind.
“Quit reading my mind!”
“I gotta figure some things out I guess,” Dean said, running his palms down the front of his jeans.
“That’s what I want too,” Castiel said, as he slid his ring on Dean’s finger.
Dean huffed, but decided not to comment, opening his cell phone to see what was so important.
“Did you just make a joke Cas?”
“‘Night Sammy.”
“Well he’s not going to hurt you while you’re here.” Dean responds. “Not on my watch.”
“I only ask because of the prostate exam I am required to do,” the doctor explained, as he pulled latex gloves from the pocket of his lab coat.
Dean poured maple syrup over the entire plate - the sugar enhanced the salty flavors of the meat too, everyone knew that - and slid the bottle across the table bumping into Cas’ elbow as he did. They were sharing one side of the cramped booth, while Sam and Jack were sitting across from them.
That makes John quirk an eyebrow. “You know, telling me that your angel was best buds with the King of Hell, isn’t exactly the way to get me to like him.”
“My kids usually just have crushes on me,” Dean said.
“And you just…invited them here. You do know they’re literally on the opposite side, right? They could be using this as an opportunity to try to get information out of you.”
“You know that’s my bravado, not my ego, right?” Jo just smiled sweetly as she poured him a glass of top-shelf whiskey. “You angling for a big tip?”
“Seriously, Dean, get a grip. It’s not gonna be that bad.”
Yes. You can’t keep getting distracted. This is important.
reference deserves a cookie.”
“Pity,” Balthazar said. Cas opened his eyes and watched his cousin take a sip of his cappuccino. Dean was gone.
“You’re sure?”
The rest of the night was a blur. The only thing Cas remembered for sure was that he finished that bottle of tequila and passed out at some point. He woke up in a cold sweat around three in the morning. Nothing quite like a nightmare to sober him up. He looked around his dark room. Gabriel was sleep on the floor, curled up in a ball. Cas smiled for a moment before he remembered what had woken him up in the first place.
Posting at 1am because I thought I had the day off from work, but I don't and I don't wanna forget. Enjoy!
***   ***   ***
No it’s fine. I can do things on my own. And I wanna see you.
“Uh…Sam and Dean’s.” The game continued without another incident. Dean wolfed down his burger, then stole French fries off of Cas’s plate.
“Me, too. Sometimes, when Gabe and Balt are on hunts, I’ll just stand outside and watch the world go by. It’s nice. I like that I can absorb the chaos without being a part of it.”
“Maybe. Or it’s a thank god you finally got laid present. Either way, this is the best sandwich I’ve ever had.” Dean took a bite and grinned.
“I am not having any kind of intercourse with my eyes,” Cas said, breaking eye contact. “I just stare deep into Dean’s soul and--.”
“Okay.” Cas got to his feet. “I made you breakfast. Extra bacon. I’m gonna take Maggie for a walk. There’s coffee in the kitchen if you want it.” He wanted to give Dean a goodbye kiss, but he didn’t want to risk being snapped at again. He left the room with Maggie on his heels.
wedding. We can do whatever we want. I have a ton of ideas, none of them go together, and it’s gonna be a hot mess, but it’s gonna be
“I missed you, too. So did Maggie.” Dean smiled. He wasn’t much of a dog person, but he liked Maggie. She was sweet. He looked around.
“Goodnight.” Dean left the room feeling better than he had when he walked in. He could always count on his mother to make him feel better. He took the elevator up to his room. When he walked in, the first thing he noticed was the glass of whiskey on his nightstand. Underneath it was a note. He picked up the glass and unfolded the note.
“Yeah, well…anyway.” Before he could continue his sentence, Benny came into the kitchen.
“Oh. No, Cas, you don’t have to do that. I was gonna buy it anyway.”
“Hey, Cas. Thank you for meeting with me.”
“No idea, but he did leave a 30% tip, so…Anyway, see you tomorrow.” Garth disappeared out the door. Dean looked back down at the note in his hand. Maybe this guy, Castiel, wasn’t as bad as he thought. He tucked the paper into his pocket, hoping Castiel would come back so he could apologize. And maybe give him a meal on the house. Garnish free.
“I know.”
“She’s just jealous that Jack likes you more.” Dean kissed Cas’s cheek. “My point was, I can see you as a dad. Me, not so much. I was terrified enough when Benny told me I was gonna be an uncle. Being a dad doesn’t feel like something I’d be good at.” Cas recognized the look in Dean’s eyes immediately. He was trying to apologize. It took Cas minute to figure what for, but when he did, he smiled softly.
“No one.”
“You’re welcome, Dean.” There was a pause. “Are you mad at me?”
“Bourbon? Seriously?”
“Yeah, right. That’s an insult to a rock legend.” Dean finished his whiskey. “Can I buy you a drink?”
“Gabriel, I can’t!” Anger spiked in Cas’s chest and he got to his feet, his hands clutching his hair. “There isn’t a single way that no one gets out of this unscathed.” Gabriel was quiet for a minute before he said,
“Thought you were gay, Red?” Charlie rolled her eyes.
“So that’s why you told me not to fall in love with you.”
“Yeah. Come on.” Cas didn’t argue and sat on the other side of the pillow wall. He picked up the glass closest to him and took a sip.
“Can we change the subject? I would prefer not to have this kind of discussion about one of my students.” Meg raised an eyebrow.
“Great. Can I interest you in a milkshake?”
Love you guys! 💕💕 Your comments always make me smile!
“Cas, I want you in whatever way you’re willing to give yourself to me. If that means this stays between us, then that’s fine.” Cas finally smiled and Dean felt like he could breathe again. “So we’re doing this?”
“All right. I love you, Cas.”
though. He had left Dean’s apartment pretty quickly after that kiss. Twenty-four hours later, he was still thinking about it. It was all he was thinking about. The way Dean’s lips had moved against his. The way Dean’s tongue had brushed over his. The way Dean’s fingers had tangled in his hair. It made him feel hot all over and it made his chest tight with something he wasn’t ready to face.
Cas found what he was looking for. A pair of cobalt blue, silk boxers. They were a little snug, but that wasn’t much of a problem for what he planned to do with them. He put them on, raked his fingers through his hair even though he knew it wouldn’t help, and took a picture. He sent it to Dean, then wrapped himself in his bathrobe and laid on his bed. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but a minute later he had an incoming Facetime call from Dean. He grinned and answered it.
“Of course that’s okay. I should probably get back anyway. Sam’ll be worried.” Cas smiled back.
“Thank you,” he whispered into Cas’s hair. “Thank you so much.”
“Since when did you become the rational one?”
Bi-fi: What my friend's bi college roommate called her gaydar. I thought it was funny and clever and I use it all the time.
“Right, I was winning.” Dean picked up the die. “What color do we want, Sammy?”
“You’re in for a
“Don’t let him ruin this,” Dean said and Castiel was pretty sure he felt him press a kiss into his hair. “We’re having fun.” They were having fun and Castiel desperately wanted to say something. He wanted to tell Dean what he was feeling, but he was too terrified of the consequences. He could lose Dean and he didn’t want that. So he stayed quiet and let the sounds from the TV lull him to sleep.
“Yeah, I know, and I’m gonna keep it that way. And we’re done with this conversation.
“You look cute.” Cas pecked his lips, then smiled. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
“It is. It’s just been a really long time since I made a friend that I connect with so well. It’s gonna suck when he leaves.”
“You’re too hard on yourself, Dean. There weren’t any customers around and I understand needing to blow off some steam. I was just checking on you guys. Gabriel ain’t in trouble either, I just sent him home because it ain’t busy.” Dean breathed a sigh of relief. Bobby leaned forward on his desk. He gestured to the chair Dean was standing next to. Dean sat. “I ain’t your daddy, son. I ain’t gonna yell at you for every little thing. You’re allowed to be your own person.” Dean’s heart twisted a little. He was torn between snapping at Bobby for insulting his father’s memory and thanking Bobby for being a better father-figure than John Winchester had ever been. He settled for a half-smile.
“Hey, Castiel.”
“All right. Let me know when you’re ready.”
“Yes, Gabriel?”
“Just wanted to see if you wanted to go out with us tonight. Sort of a late Valentine’s Day thing since everyone was busy yesterday.”
“Everybody has a place that they like to escape to,” Mary reasoned.
“You’re welcome.”
“Considering I didn’t get to do anything I actually
“I was going to talk to Eliot about that when he gets here,” Jack said. “Anyway, I just wanted to say hi.”
“Seriously?”
“I love you, too,” Cas whispered back.
“And I’m overly social. We balance each other out!” Cas put his hand on Dean’s arm. “Don’t worry. I won’t leave your side. You won’t be forced to make awkward small talk, I promise.”
Just checking in. It’s been a few months.
“Can I have a cookie, Claire?” Jack asked. Claire sighed and gave Cas a point look.
“Stop, not kill.” Dean didn’t respond. He ran his fingers through his hair and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Good. How’s work going?”
The rest of the day went by uneventfully. Most days did at Harvelle’s. It was the reason Dean liked working there. Everything was laid back. Everything was easy. Well, it was until Blue Eyes showed up last week and turned his entire life upside down. The last person who managed to do that was Lisa and that hadn’t ended well. Part of him was hoping Blue Eyes would become a regular. The other part of him was hoping he would never see him again. Benny was right, Dean did fall in love too easily, but he could never make a relationship last longer than a month or two. The other person always got bored. Dean was a fling. He was the hot guy from that one weekend that people told their friends about in passing. He wasn’t boyfriend material. He wasn’t husband material.
“Sam Winchester. Dean’s younger brother.” He groaned. “I hate that I know that off the top of my head.”
“Don’t bruise it,” Gabriel said. “He has a nice ass.”
“It’s nice,” Dean agreed. “It’s slower. The people are nicer. But California’s not bad. I like being near the ocean.”
“Yes, Sam?” Jack said. “I’m right here. Anyway, I could always see Cas’s wings around Dean when they were in the same room.”
Dean started Baby’s engine and drove down to the diner. He knew he would get there first, so he ordered a cup of coffee and scrolled through his phone while he waited. Charlie showed up ten minutes later, way too full of energy for ten in the morning.
“You’re almost out of creamer,” Dean said, his head buried in the fridge.
“Not open for discussion, Cas.” Cas sighed. He appreciated that Gabriel cared so much, but he felt like a burden. Gabriel had his own life. He couldn’t keep putting everything on hold just because Cas was having a bad day.
Rainbow Motors was a Lawrence institution. One of the few family-owned places that were still standing strong even as all the businesses around it shut down to make way for bigger and better things. John had bought Baby off their lot, so Dean had high hopes for Jack’s car. He parked and they got out. Bobby came out of the office. He was a gruff man, but he always had a smile for Dean.
“Nothing better to do. Meg’s busy with coven shit, and you and Gabe are really my only other friends.”
“Are you just gonna stand in the corner all night like a weirdo?” Sam asked, startling him.
“Kinda the whole point of this place.”
“Maybe, but you said it yourself that they’re basically a family. Guess they consider new people family, too. And they’re cool.” Gabriel wasn’t wrong about that. Working at the school was one of the best decisions Castiel had ever made. They
“So, a chance to check out your first choice of schools and see your boyfriend.” Gabriel grinned. “I like the way you think. Mom and Dad should be cool with it, but why do you want me to go?”
I know you won’t get this until after you land but I’m not mad. I know you were just joking. Can’t wait to see you. 😘
“All right. I know I told you a little bit about my childhood, but I didn’t tell you everything. Before I was born, the doctor told my mom that she was having a girl. My mom was thrilled. She always felt outnumbered with her and Anna being the only girls. She painted the baby room pick and bought this girly stuff. Then I was born. The doctor must’ve read the sonogram wrong because…well, obviously I’m not a girl, despite what Gabe might tell you. Mom was crushed. She hated me, but she couldn’t just…get rid of me. So she essentially denied my existence, which I actually preferred. My father, he wanted a boy, but he wanted someone like Michael and Raphael. A man’s man. That’s not me.
“Oh, don’t make it sound like that.” Meg dropped into the other chair. Cas had made a habit of getting it out just in case Dean dropped by. “How was your night last night?”
“Call her.”
“It’s after five.”
Jack had asked about them once. Claire told him it was rude to ask people personal questions like that before Cas even had a chance to open his mouth. He had been grateful for that. How was he supposed to explain them to a child? Especially one so happy and full of life and hope? It was never mentioned again, but Cas had noticed Claire being a little more careful around him. He was trying not to let it bother him. He had scars. Or course people were going to treat him differently. Dean was the exception, but Dean was the exception to a lot of things for Cas.
“Nah. Me and Cas decided to get drinks and talk. We’ve been friends for a while, but I don’t know anything about him.” That was only partly a lie. He didn’t really know anything about Cas other than what other people had told him, and he wanted to get to know him better. He sipped his whiskey and waited. He had to keep telling himself this wasn’t a date because it wasn’t. He didn’t have romantic feelings for Cas. They were just hanging out. Dean hung out with his friends one-on-one all the time. This wasn’t anything different. He steadied his breathing and took another sip of whiskey. The liquor calmed him a little.
“Don’t, just open it.” Cas pulled off the paper and opened the box. The first thing he pulled out was the vintage locket Dean had seen at a pawn shop. Something about it had just screamed ‘Cas’ to him, so he bought it. Inside was the first picture they had ever taken together.
“Yeah.”
want to avoid the war. Fighting wasn’t going to solve anything. It would only turn the city into a wasteland. That wasn’t the part of the statement Dean was focused on, though.
“Out.” Gabriel smirked.
“Can I?” They had done this once before and he knew Dean would ask every time.
When he got back to his motel room, he sat on the bed and opened up his laptop. He had a ton of unread emails, but he chose to ignore them. He was starting over. That meant he was leaving the entirety of his old life behind. He went through each email account and deleted them, then opened a new one. He deleted all the contacts he wouldn’t need anymore and sighed happily. Then he opened up a blank document and got to work.
“You know how I feel about Halloween,” Sam said.
Dean smirked. That was all the confirmation he needed.
“I did,” Cas said, “when we first met. I mean, hell, she practically waxed poetic about you.”
“We’re dropping this subject right now, forever, or I’m leaving.” He stared everyone down, waiting for someone to challenge him.
“Are you okay?”
“CAS!”
“If it helps, she broke up with me.” Charlie shook her head.
“‘Our room’. Wow, congrats guys!”
bite you,” Dean growled, momentarily forgetting that they weren’t alone. Thankfully, Cas remembered and didn’t take the bait. He did give Dean that look, though. The one that said they would finish the conversation later. Dean stayed quiet as Eliot dropped off Claire’s and Jack’s food, and the check. Dean picked it up and looked at it, then took some cash out of his wallet.
person would have let Dean get away, let alone
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re gonna kill me, Novak.”
“No, Gabe! We are not a couple!” Gabriel mirrored Cas’s expression.
“Oh, sweetie,” Jo said as she walked up to the table, “it’s not just today.”
“Knock yourself out, kid.”
Okay. I love you too.
“No one’s saying you can’t have friends, Dean,” Kevin said.
“Dean never sat you down and forced you to watch
“How long have you been working at the cafe?”
“You really believe your brother only spends time with you because he feels obligated?”
“Not really. I like them all. The tuxes might be a little much, but I’d be willing to go with patterned ties. Also, you will have to drug Charlie if you wanna get her into a dress. I suggest we let her decide what she wants to wear.”
“What for?”
“Do you wanna talk about it?”
SIX MONTHS LATER
“I do. The Winchesters are calling for peace. Dean said they were within their right to take down Anna.”
“He started it!” Cas protested.
“I just like the way the fabric feels.”
“It’s a lot. To understand it you have to know what happened with me and Sammy. He was a senior in high school and starting to look at colleges. We were still living in our childhood house at the time. I wanted him to go to KU to stick close to home and he never really said anything about going anywhere else. I didn’t know he had applied anywhere else until a letter came in the mail. I didn’t open it, but when I gave it to Sam when he got home from school, he was really excited. He told me he got into Stanford and I told him he should think about it before he made any decisions. We never talked about it again. Then one night, I saw him packing suitcases. I asked him what he was doing and he said he was going to California in the morning. I followed him outside and we got into a huge fight. I mean, screaming at each other so loud we woke up the neighbors huge. I ended it by slamming the door and locking him out. I didn’t see or hear from him for almost a year after that.
Thanks Cas
“Good! You’ve been blocked forever. How’s the job?”
“But you just met me two months ago.”
“Nothing, I’m fine.”
“He has the voice of a screeching cat,” Balthazar muttered.
“I wanted to make sure you were okay and I think Cas just wanted an excuse to hang out with me. We were sitting at the bar and Cas ordered us both shots. I should’ve said just told him, but the way he was looking at me…I just didn’t wanna disappoint him, so I took the shot. And then a lot more.”
“I will. Cover for me?”
“You’re welcome, Dean.” On an impulse, Dean leaned forward and pulled Cas in for a gentle kiss. Cas was receptive. It was softer and slower than most of their kisses and when Dean pulled away, Cas said, “What was that for?”
“You’re a bitch.”
“If he didn’t love you he never would’ve driven all the way out here,” Ash repeated.
“He’s not my boyfriend.”
“Been a few days.”
“Bite me, Bradbury!” Dean snapped back before following her into the kitchen. Cas looked at Dorothy.
“What?”
“Hey, Dean. This sucks.”
“Gotta be
“I figured you did. You don’t seem like the type who’s celebrated many anniversaries.”
“Dad and Naomi are dead. Official cause of death was heart attack for both of them.”
“Shut up, Dean, you’re a great role model.” Charlie pulled her laptop out of her messenger bag. “So, what’s got you all clenchy?”
, Dean wanted to say because Cas really hadn’t seemed to want anything. He knew better than to trust the shifter though.
“Nothing yet. I haven’t gotten anything for anyone. And there’s a couple people I’m on the fence about.”
“What do you mean?”
“You okay, babe?”
“I know, Dean.” He carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Maybe you should take a few days off from work. We could go somewhere.” Since Bobby’s death, Dean had been throwing himself into his work. Drunk or sober, he was at the garage all hours. He needed a break. Dean furrowed his brow.
?” Cas looked over.
“Hey, Gabe. I was wondering if I could crash on your couch for, like, a week?”
“You haven’t talked to me in seven years and
“Why not? I didn’t sign a contract.”
“Exactly. And you, Dean Winchester, have definitely earned my respect.”
“You still love me?”
“You love me.”
“I can help you with the first two,” Jo said. She called his order to the kitchen before pouring him a glass of bourbon. Dean stared at it for a moment. Bourbon. Of course, because she couldn’t have reached for any other bottle. He downed it quickly. Then two more. He was half-way through his burger and almost tipsy when he was hit with Cas’s scent. His head shot up and he scanned the bar. Cas was standing by the door. They made eye contact. Dean smiled. Cas’s eyes got wide. He turned around and walked out.
“Neither do I. I’m surprised we haven’t run into each other before.”
. That was all he had to hold on to until Gabriel gave him his phone back.
“Okay. I’ll let them know. Are you gonna be okay?”
“Hi!” Jack waved and Charlie grinned.
“I’m just here for my stuff.”
“Twenty more minutes. Let me at least finish the drink Benny and Garth were nice enough to buy me.” Dean nodded.
“You’re gonna be just fine.
“I’ll get you some tea.” Cas didn’t argue because he knew it was pointless. He also knew his brother was going to ask him about his nightmare. He would be as honest as he could because he really did want Gabriel’s opinion on it. Was his subconscious blowing everything out of proportion or did he have a valid reason for what he was feeling? But he would wait and talk about it in the morning.
“Whatever, Cas.”
“Someone’s drunk.”
“I’ll agree with you there. She’s not my favorite person, but she gives me a paycheck, so I’ll take it. She’s hardly here anyway. Just stops by once in a while to make sure the store’s still standing.”
“Is that why you like to take your time closing?” Dean shrugged a little.
“You two are ridiculous. It’s our turn, Dean.” Dean picked up the die and rolled it.
“Cas, I wanted to apologize for New Years.” Cas frowned.
Nightmares weren’t something he was unaccustomed to, but he hadn’t really had any in a while. Not since he had started letting Dean regularly bite him, actually. And this one was different. This time it wasn’t Bartholomew leaving him half-dead on the floor of his apartment. It was Dean. Cas knew Dean would never hurt him, but ever since Chuck had declared war, something in his subconscious was eating at him, telling him that Dean would kill him. He reached for his music box and remembered that he’d left it in his apartment. He sighed. He was about to get up to make himself a cup of tea when Gabriel stirred on the floor.
“You think so?” wondered Cas, tilting his head.
Dean clenched his jaw as he rolled his eyes, doing his best to avoid answering the question. Sam had seen his brother doing this in the past, but now he had no idea what could have possibly made his brother so angry that he would lose his temper.
“Yep,” answered the taller man, “She said she’ll be in town tomorrow.”
started and Sam was ready for the usual fight with Dean, who was Iron Man’s biggest fan.
“Couple material?” repeated Dean, who was definitely lacking air. “We are not a couple material Cas.”
“Yeah, I… I just…” stuttered Dean, “I really reciprocate, you know,” he said, and the man was grateful for the darkness hiding the blush that was back once again.
“What? No! I don’t… okay I do, but I just started,” exclaimed Same sitting up in his bed, “Charlie sent me a few links and I thought, “hey, why not?” so I read a few and that’s it.”
Dean squirmed a little bit; eyes stuck on Castiel as his freckles disappeared with his blush.
” A soft smile appeared on his face, his whole life almost looked normal now. He had a home, lived with his brother and an angel – this part was slightly less normal – and they’d even go to a grocery store like  regular people.
Charlie frowned her brows before resuming, “And they went… without you?”
“You know, there is actually a lot of fanfic where you and Jess are together… It’s very sweet.”
“Why are you complaining?” Jessica asked. “I
“Your wedding, you call the shots. You got the binder?” Charlie pulled the six inch binder out of her bag.
“Hey! You showed up!” She tipped her head back into the apartment. “Guys, Cas is here!” She grabbed his wrist and pulled him inside. The first thing that caught his attention was the alarming lack of noise. He spent most of his time with these people and there was rarely a moment of quiet. He looked around. Kevin and Dorothy were talking on the couch, Ash and Jo were hanging last-minute decorations, and from the sound of it, Dean and Benny were in the kitchen. Charlie walked over to the coffee table and poured a glass of wine. “Make yourself at home.” She went to join Dorothy and Kevin on the couch.
“Of course I didn’t, but it was the least I could do considering I stayed uninvited.”
It didn’t feel weird, and that’s what was so weird about it. Cas stared at his phone for another two minutes before he responded.
“Maybe, but I prefer being alive.”
“We should make this a tradition,” Dean said. “As ridiculous as you both look, it’s actually pretty cool.” He didn’t add that he thought all their kids would enjoy it one day. That conversation was way in the future. The thought made him smile, though.
“I don’t want to, but I’ll probably either be guilted or dragged there. You?”
“Let me guess, something cheesy, like us in Santa hats, kissing under mistletoe?” Cas grinned.
“Come on, man, he can’t be that bad.”
Commissions are officially closed. Happy?
By 11:58, Dean had given up. Castiel had given up around eleven and stayed at the bar, nursing a vodka tonic. He was enjoying himself, even if it didn’t look like he was. He was perfectly happy soaking it all in without actually being a part of anything. Dean found his way back to the bar, looking like someone shot a puppy.
“Ya kinda are,” Ash agreed. “Cas is clearly crazy about you. Dude drove all the way from Cali just to beg you to come back, but you won’t go. You’re scared.”
“Makes two of us,” Cas said softly.
“I don’t want to tell anyone just yet, but it has nothing to do with you personally. I just don’t want to deal with everyone asking if you took my virginity, or if you’re going to.” Dean chuckled.
“I didn’t get a lotta sleep last night,” was all Cas said. Gabriel didn’t say anything, but the look on his face was unmistakeable. Cas sighed. Maybe spending the rest of the day at the garage wasn’t such a good idea.
Cas shook his head and smiled. He got the reference, but he still didn’t understand why Meg called him Clarence. It
“Thanks, man.” He took his burger and went into the teachers’ lounge.
.” Cas’s frown deepened.
“Dean.”
“That seems to be the consensus, yes. Just leave it. He’ll be gone in five months and I can just pretend I never met him.”
I like him Sam and that’s not good
“Hey, lover boy,” Gabriel said, “eyes on the road or let someone else drive. I wanna live.” Dean’s eyes snapped back to the road. He hadn’t even realized he hadn’t been paying attention. It probably was a good idea to have someone else drive, but the only time anyone was allowed behind the wheel of his baby was when he was physically incapable of driving. And the few months he spent teaching Sam to drive. Cas shifted closer, curling into Dean’s side.
“Thinking about our brothers?”
“No, and I’m guessing you didn’t mean to say it either. Not a morning person, I take it?”
“Shut up and let me pine in peace, Red.”
Cas put his hand on Dean’s. “Come on. You look like you could use some air.” He walked away, trusting that Dean was right behind him.
“Cool. I’ll be there.”
Not your fault and mom talked dad down. I’m not in trouble.
“Now when have I ever done that to you?”
Fuck off
“Why not?” Dean was fairly certain he didn’t
“He called a customer a dipshit. In front of her.”
“I am. I’ve got a few hours before I have to meet the guys are the Roadhouse. I’m gonna take a nap.”
“How about we worry about that tomorrow?”
“Getting over his ex,” Cas said.
“I was thinking
“I’d like to think we are. Or as close to friends as we can be considering.” Sam nodded.
Cas chuckled. Whenever Gabriel got nervous he tended to talk a lot more. He had been on edge ever since Cas asked him to keep an eye on Dean for him.
“J. Shurley.”
“Are you sure?”
“Big talk coming from the guy who looks like a nerd.”
“I just don’t get what I did,” he was saying as he took pulls from his beer bottle. “I did everything I could to make her happy. I don’t know why she did this to me.” Dean met Cas’s gaze with glassy eyes. “Why, Cas?” Cas smiled sympathetically.
“Yes. That’s not a bad thing. Transparency is good.”
“That’s fine. Everyone will just be happy to see you.” Dean actually smiled at that.
“Please. I’ve spent forty years trying to forget him. I don’t wanna think about him.”
. He didn’t want to believe that, but at the same time, he wasn’t all that surprised. He had been waiting for this since he told Dean everything about Bartholomew.
“House rules, Cas. Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole.” Cas took a picture of Dean’s cocky grin.
“Nothing, never mind.” Dean finished his bottle and pushed Sam off his bed. “Just leave me alone for a while.”
.” The note of distress in Sam’s voice made Dean chuckle.
“Thanks, Cas.” Cas moved a little closer, his hand resting on Dean’s shoulder.
“Dad said he wants to see you. Now.” Dean sighed.
Second update for today! I was gonna do this like 3 hours ago, but after my alarm went off I fell back asleep. Oops. Anyway, enjoy!
“Don’t get sappy on me. What time does your flight get in? I’ll pick you up.”
“Come on, Dean, a little grace never killed anyone,” Sam teased.
“Yeah. It’s almost done. I should have it finished by the time he gets home tonight. Just try to keep him in a good mood.”
“Good night, Dean.”
“Hey, me and my band are playing at the Roadhouse tonight. You wanna come by and watch?”
“Exactly.”
“All right then. Clint Eastwood it is.” Cas groaned.
“Yes. It’s a charity event to raise money for disenfranchised teens.” Gabriel closed the door and crossed the room.
Dean shook his head and started Baby’s engine. Spending some time with his favorite redhead would help clear his mind. Maybe she would even be able to help, as long as he was vague about the details. By the time he got to the bar, he was already feeling a little better. He cut the engine and went inside. He spotted Charlie sitting at the bar.
"Don’t get sassy with me, Winchester, or I’ll test my new lipstick on you, too.” Dean drew the makeup line at lipstick. Charlie put it on him once and he absolutely hated it. It felt weird on his lips.
“Because serving sizes are bullshit, Cas. I’m a grownup and if I wanna eat eleven cookies, then I’m gonna eat eleven cookies.” Cas shook his head and kissed Dean’s cheek.
“It’s not that simple.”
“Well, I’ll wave to you from Mars then.” Dean laughed.
“Did Dean Winchester assault you? Is that why you’re so quiet?” Cas looked at Gabriel, hoping maybe he had misheard, but Gabriel looked as shocked as he felt. Naomi threw the paper onto the table. “We’re releasing the statement this afternoon. Be ready.” She turned on her heel and marched out of the room. Chuck was close behind her, his phone pressed to his ear again.
“You really don’t have to.”
“And your first stop was the liquor table.”
“I like waking up with you.” Cas cupped Dean’s cheek and kissed him properly, but chastely because, well, morning breath.
I’m proud of you Sam. Where are you gonna go to law school?
You’re a lifesaver.”
“Definitely.” Cas smiled and kissed Dean again.
“To see Dean?”
“No argument here,” Sam sat in Dean’s chair, “but I think you guys can work through this. It’s gonna take time and a lot of communication, but I think it’ll be okay.”
“No idea. But I’ll repeat his question. Do you need something?”
“Yeah. I just wish I had my trusty handmaiden to help me in battle.”
“Whatchya doing?”
“Or we’re both going crazy,” Cas joked. Dean chuckled.
!” Cas tilted his head.
“You just gonna sleep all day, angel?” Cas rolled onto his back and smiled lazily up at Dean.
“Dean…” Charlie sighed. “You know how incredibly stupid this is, right?” “Yeah, well, I was never one to make smart decisions,” Dean muttered.
“Oh. Uh. Sure. Of course. Where?”
“Dean, don’t do something stupid.”
“You know I have to give you guys a hard time. Older brother perks.”
“Nothing new, really. My advice column is really taking off. I’m up to about ten emails a day. Mostly asking questions about relationships.”
“Hello, Dean. Is Sam getting on your nerves?”
“Shh! God, why are redheads so loud? Anna was threatening war. I was under orders to take her out. I don’t feel good about it, but it had to be done.”
“I can’t seem to find any injury,” Cas said. “I just get the sense that--.” Sam cleared his throat loudly.
“Bye, Cassie!”
“He does. He doesn’t hate me, but I’m not the favorite. If I were, I would be in line to inherit the business instead of Michael.”
“Anything else while I’m out there?”
“Since she’s smarter than you,” Dean said. He looked at Cas. “I’m gonna see if those vultures left me any burgers and then I’ve gotta get back to work.”
“What do you mean?”
“Not bad. I think I’m getting the hang of this.”
“It’s pissing you off because you know I’m right.”
“Who’s taking the car when it’s done?”
Fine. And no I’m not giving you any kind of identifying information.
“Dude, angels are dicks.”
“You don’t have to share if you don’t want to,” Castiel said.
“Will Gabe actually be happy to see Balthazar?” Dean asked. Cas shrugged.
not want sex?”
“We can keep this quiet until you feel ready to tell people. I don’t mind. Kinda makes it that much more fun.” Cas tilted his head.
“Yes, you would’ve.” Sam closed the book in front of him. “I know you better than you think I do. You try to take everything and say you’re fine, but I know you’re not. You were a wreck after we lost Mom and I knew if I left you would think I was abandoning you. You would smile and tell me to go because you want me to be happy, but it would’ve left you even worse than you were. I couldn’t do that to you.” Dean felt guilt clench his stomach. His face must’ve given him away because Sam said, “Don’t feel guilty, Dean. It was my choice.” Dean nodded.
“Something funny, Winchester?”
“You doing okay, brotha?” Benny asked around midnight.
“How?” Dean smirked.
“If you got me porn, I swear to God.”
“Working on my book. I’m almost done with this part, I promise.”
“Thank you. And thank you for last night.”
“Out,” Castiel answered, tucking his keys into his pocket and grabbing his jacket.
