“Stick to the plan Cap, we’ve got this,” Tony gasped, still trying unsuccessfully to rip the weapon from Bucky’s hand, but Bucky somehow managed to maintain his grip even with Natasha trying to strangle him with a choke wire. Yeah, look, Tony didn’t want to hurt the guy, but Barnes definitely didn’t have the same reservations about killing any of them so Natasha’s got the right idea, putting the guy down for a nap by whatever means necessary.
Like the fact that eight times out of ten he’s in Tony’s lab before his ‘be a good boyfriend’ alarm even goes off, because he knows that he could coat his magnificent abs in nip and lay himself bare assed on Tony’s bed and Tony would still be Tony.
Howard had hated Stone almost as much as the Stone had hated him, but both were businessmen and held to the golden rule of keeping the enemy close.
Steve's mouth made a too familiar self-depreciating twist in answer.
“End of the line, Princess.”
"Okay so it's like this. In the event that Extremis decides it's not about BX, it will try to eliminate the compound from my system entirely. Which given that the compound will have fused with my bone structure means... well it means  at best there's a likelihood of complications brought on by severe osteopenia along with a high chance of total paralysis."
Someone is fucking with them because this whole operation stinks of two words: lame planning.
“This might not be my business…” Steve blinked in surprise as Luke, who no one had really expected to have much in the way of advice on how to go about dating Tony Stark.
Tony didn’t get urges for home cooked meals. In fact, Bruce had quickly figured out that when deep in a new project (and when wasn’t Tony diving into something new) that Tony seemed to forget he had a physical body at all.
Dad had always said there was too much potential for jealousy and rivalry to pop up if they lost focus of the fact that first and foremost they were family.
Steve ad grown used to how seriously the SHIELD medic comported himself when he wasn't joking around with Clint, and more recently in the lab with Tony, but there was something very intent about the way that the medic was looking at him now. Like a foe across a battlefield assessing an enemy for weaknesses.
Great so they were stuck in here with a homeless kid, who’d likely been scared out of his wits when two strangers barged into his hidey hole and spent the night throwing up and ripping machinery out of their bodies. He was surprised the kid hadn’t tried to make a run for it as soon as they passed out. Then again, Natasha had done a good job barricading the door. He’d probably been too afraid of waking them to risk trying to move it.
This was not a drunken stupor. This was the aftermath and whatever Steve had seen it had rocked him.
There was shouting and gunfire as the mercenaries not blown out the door by the blast ordered him to stop, and, seeing that he wasn’t going to, opened fire. Tony was never going to be Natasha or Cap, but he’d sparred enough with them both to have learned a thing or two and besides that he didn’t need to be. He was Iron Man.
“Look, Jena…” Tony began with a small sigh, letting out his pent-up frustrations to try and start again. It was important to him, he realized, to make sure that Harley wasn’t left behind. Especially if Tony wasn’t there to see it all come to life. “Harley’s ready to take his exam and he’s going to blow these guys away. I guarantee it. You have a great kid, with a real brain on him, and New York has some of the best schools in the country and when he’s ready for college I can get him into a good program, the right program, with teachers who aren’t going to harass or side-line him because he’s not like the other kids. I’m offering him a chance here, a chance to be more than he thinks he can be right now. More than anyone has ever told him he could be.”
“I have not seen its particular design before but the technology is the same.”
Wow. Okay. Tony blinked. That was pretty intense. They must take these legends pretty seriously where Luke came from but holy cow. Thank god this was 2013 and not 492 BC because what the actual fuck.
They were pumping the BX-serum into Tony, the sight made all the more disturbing by the bright crimson red color of the serum, making it appear as if blood was flowing out of Tony’s body in all directions.
She knew that. He reminded himself. Natasha knew and that meant she'd do whatever it took to get them functioning like a real pride, even if it went against all of her training (even if she was scared) because that was what he'd asked her to do.
Tony reached and suddenly the park was gone.
“Not It.” Tony quipped raising his hands defensively. Coulson glowered at him.
Alright. So what is
That’s right Tony thought with a vicious smile.
One side of the room is made up of one giant wide window and they are high enough to see where the grey-blue of the ocean meets the sky for miles and miles.
Tony thought as Harley began helping him to take down the blockade, still chattering. Tony looked to Natasha, anxiousness coiling in his chest. He was just a kid, after all.
“That’s the promise I made her when I stole her away from her former employer. If you send me humans, American law dictates who receives credit and who receives patents. A full Gata team is non-negotiable.”
“How? Mrs. Keener-”
Christmas Eve was one of the few days of the year that guaranteed that come morning, Tony could be found rising from his bed at a decent hour and well rested on top of it. Well, as well rested as a guy like him could get when regular sleep was a distant dream his body had dreamed in time gone by.
“I never thought I’d get to have a family of my own,” he admitted, gently reaching to tilt Tony’s face back toward his so that he could hopefully see how much he meant what he was saying. “To have one with someone as brave and as good as you are… Tony that’s like a dream.”
"Friend's huh?" Tony murmured, letting a soft purr of pleasure rumbling behind the sound as he lowered himself onto the arm of Steve's chair, leaning close his tail sliding against the bare skin of Steve's arm. "You kiss all your friends like that Rogers?"
“I know. And I have no real excuse for that beyond fear.”
Howard never domesticated him for the obvious reason but Tony was still a disappointment.
It's easy. Clint's a tom. And at his first sight of Tony, his first smell, it was like a flip had switched on in Clint's head and his body had woken up after years of slumber and remembered it had a programmed function.
“So Tony should be insulted that you most likely scored this fish from C-Town.” Natasha remarked sounding unimpressed and Tony wondered at it. Something was bugging her.
“I don’t know about the other forty-nine kills but I saw one of them go down. Fifteen years ago I was on a mission for the KGB. I was deep undercover as a dancer in the Russian ballet. I’d been introduced to a Saudi tech magnet who was in the market for a lapkitty. My mission was clear: get close, steal a couple of high grade missile designs and get out, terminate if necessary. But he was crafty and not quick to trust, even a favored pet. My handlers doubted my ability to complete the mission and ordered his assassination. I asked for more time but they warned me to stand down or The Soldier would terminate me along with the target.
On the other hand, Tony was pissed. And hurt, he admitted as he bit the inside of his cheek letting the pain ground him. That too.
Not that Tony needed the gesture to know the moment of truth had arrived because there was an audibly collective gasp from the crowd and the kind of stunned silence that usually proceeded some sort of tragic accident. He turned his head to see what had caused the reaction and froze.
"Who did her entry interview?" he asked, pausing with hand on the door handle.
"Who are you Antony Stark and what are you here for?”
It stayed quiet in the wake of Tony’s words and he felt a small measure of relief. Maybe they were both really listening now.
Tony snorted. Speak to them? The fel hadn't even turned to look at them, staring out over the throng of hunters preparing to go into the woods as if none of this was even happening.
But if Odin expected this to make some sort of difference he was sorely mistaken. One of the guard's (who heavily resembled a tiger in Tony's highly inexperienced eyes) gave Odin, the All-Father himself, a withering eye and growled, "he is in the company of halflings. They are not fit to approach our Queen."
He’d just been slapped on the wrist he realized. Scolded like a schoolboy.
On the hologram screen Pepper sighed, tucking a flyaway strand of red hair behind her ear.
But why was it always him? Some dark petulant part of his psyche wanted to know. Why was the world always demanding pieces of him and taking them with or without his leave?
He almost thought more to himself than to her but Natasha heard it anyway. Tony and Harley removed the last of the objects blocking the door. It would be useless anyway against extremis powered agents. They’d just have to be quick about this and hope AIM didn’t track them to the barn before they had time to get a defense together.
"But you do." The tom insisted quietly, not taking his eyes off of his work as he slowly peeled the bandage away from the healing skin on Clint's torso and he hissed, not entirely in pain at the inevitable pull on his skin.
"For everything they've got and lots more besides."
He heard the familiar voice and strength was flooding through him. He was a boy, running through a back alley, desperate to escape the pursuit of the police. He was Clint. He was young and strong and the whole world was his for the taking. There was an older boy, running just slightly ahead. They both carried backpacks, hats jammed low on their heads to cover their ears.
Tony just shrugged. Guy had him there.
It was a lot to hope for. Bruce was still not wholly convinced that something that wonderful was possible. No matter what the data said. And even if it was, he didn't think he was the kind of guy who got lucky like that. The Avengers were likely an experiment doomed to failure.
Mama looks at Papa and she looks sad. Papa suddenly looks angry.
“What? No way. You broke it. Steve was there! He saw.”
“Asset 32X.” The soldier sneers in answer, feeling an inexplicable swell of vicious satisfaction as Tony blinks and the space around the warbles.
And maybe regardless... maybe Tony just deserved to be happy and should try to be. No fears and no strings. Maybe just once.
They look.
"I live dangerously." Tony picked out a strawberry from the mix and threw it in to his yogurt for emphasis. Tub piled high with fruit he spooned a large spoonful into his mouth and chewed happily with a blissful moan.
He expected Natasha to lash out at him (no better than he deserved) but to his surprise she did no more than stare intently at the interning medic (Luke apparently) as if she could see straight through his skin. Tony would not have liked to be on the other end of such a look.
“It’s Steve.” She responded, and Tony heard what her tone carefully didn’t imply.
JARVIS had tapped into security cameras in the mall, as well as the footage being shot out of a news chopper that was circling the crisis area – so the whole team was tense as they analyzed what was happening and quickly developed a strategy for dealing with the situation. It took him a moment to realize that the feeling of panic and distress nibbling away at his concentration and pulling at his heart strings wasn’t coming from one of them, but through the bridge he’d built between his mind and that of the Winter Soldier.
A voice intrudes. Fills up his head, real as if Pietro had leaned over and shouted in his ear, only that’s not Pietro’s voice drowning out the storm in his head. His head’s a mess and his guard his down, allowing Tony to sneak back in –
Who was that man he’d shot? He wondered, just as he wondered about the boy in the bedroom. The one with the blonde hair and the pretty red blush.
Tony was still getting used to his new abilities and so was the team. The isolation rule had lasted about as long as his teammates could stand not seeing for themselves that he truly was awake, well, and that he’d come through the operation alright.
And even then, it would be at Tony’s pace. Tony’s decision to make. Steve wouldn’t push for Tony to bond with him and he wouldn’t let the others push either.
“All three of us.” Pietro nodded in firm agreement.
“Thought of that, but the alternatives were homo-tom which sounds like an insult and tom-bro, which you know, is an insult to the English language. And tom-guy is just stupid.”
Half the problem was - Tony thought as he was hit with an energy beam and slammed against the nearest surface, armor against steel screeching violently as he scraped against rooftop – that Tony and Steve had never managed to have that talk.
What Tony wanted was big, utterly insane, nearly impossible and really quite simple at its core.
Tony noticed with some relief that Natasha was bounding up the escalator, coming toward them from the opposite side. The officers looked up as Tony soared above their heads, landing solidly between them and the kit in the silver suit huddling behind the cart with the whimpering teenage girl. Fury bloomed in Tony’s stomach anew at the sight of them.
"Do not touch. These are mine." Tony growled just in case the other three got any ideas, and he didn't have to look to know that the others were armed and had taken up defensive stances behind him.
"No it isn't." The denial came quickly, Bruce's tone perfectly level but there was something so firm in it that any response Tony could make died on his tongue and Bruce's lips tilted into that familiar half smile of his.
She crept over the long metal ceiling beams, her booted feet silent and swift as she slunk down the rafter and closer to the center of the room, unconcerned for the great height or the nasty fall that could be the result of a slip in footing. She knew her body intimately and had confidence in its ability to remember each needed movement. Hesitance could mean death so she never hesitated, timing each leap perfectly so as to hit the beam at just the right angle to get a solid grip and create the least amount of sound while doing so.
“Tony…”
It is what it is. He knows the currency of his persona, of his body but the true power will always be in the money and he’s bleeding them.
It worked. It burned almost as bad as if he'd taken a blow torch to the center of his palms but it did work.
“I see Teacher has already told on you. Don’t worry, my little warrior, I will protect you from the wrath of our Queen.”
Still, Ivan chooses not to answer. Giving nothing more away than he has to, he feigns that he is ignoring them both. He’s not. He’d never be that careless. They are his partners on this mission and his protegees, but he doesn’t trust them. It’s not a slight. Ivan doesn’t trust anyone. It’s not in his directions.
“I like your style, for a house pet,” Nakia taunted with that fanged grin, and the thing was Tony got the feeling she meant it. There was a glow of admiration in her eyes as Natasha kicked her feet out from under her, forcing the woman to flip and roll to regain her footing.
Here's the thing. Tony knows how to flirt. He can flirt with the best of them. He flirts statistically almost as much as he breathes and doesn't take half of it to heart.
Steve had been fighting to keep him off the bench this entire time? Huh.
“What’s the matter with him?” he heard Mrs. Keener’s muddled voice demanding fearfully. “I’ll send you to the work house for this, mark my words Boy.”
He was having a hard time just keeping up with the kid tugging on the coat of his costume, asking the millionth question about all the bad guys he'd fought and if he could see the shield.
“It is expedient when dealing with the KǪTRDÝR to learn to recognize scent signatures to avoid diplomatic incidents. They are very territorial creatures especially when courting. Your body could only react to both toms the same way unless they were in fact the same man.”
"Hey." Tony's harsh voice broke into the cloud of her thoughts, the older fel shaking her roughly with a violent twist of his back. "Don't fall asleep! I think I see lights."
“The O-gland. I’m sure there are better classes on it now than back in my day, but generally everybody knows it… revs things up.” He blushed again, pushing on with forcefulness as if scolding some invisible party. “A lot of people like to focus on that alone, but it’s good for far more important things like, comfort and affection…” Steve trailed off, seeming to become aware of the blank and increasingly incredulous expressions on his teammates faces.
Prince T’Challa’s mouth curled slowly into a barely there smile, but Tony caught it. The tom didn’t seem to mind that either, his eyes glinting with challenge and a dark sort of promise. As if he’d like nothing better than to see what Tony was made of and the thought of going toe to toe with Ironman didn’t phase him even a little bit.
In a few days the life of Tony Stark former weapons manufacturer, current leader in the global fight for clean energy and Queen of Avengers Pride, would be in the hands of Dr. Bruce Banner, MRA Helen Cho, and of course his own; though for the record It’s not his hands that he’s placing the most faith in.
He thought, swelling with pride at the sight of how beautiful she was, as if he’d had some sort of personal hand in it for fucks sake. Somehow, he just knew he’d find a kindred spirit in this girl. It was similar to the pull he’d felt with Harley and Peter but more intense. The way corgis and mastiffs were both dogs.
Steve turned slightly to look over at Nakia as the she-tom spoke suddenly. She hadn’t spoken all morning that Steve could remember but then again she and the other Dora Milaje weren’t exactly big chatterers. Steve wondered if that was just part of their natures or part of the job.
To be continued in Part 2.
~*~*~
“I know Thor thinks a bond is the best explanation for our dreams but Tony, it’s not possible.” Steve insisted, because first comes denial.
Nyota felt another pang of misery at the thought. It sucks to get your wish sometimes. Cause now everyone in Resilience is dead and their Pride is completely gone. Poor Anna Jones is dead.
"Our program singled out two possible matches to the voice samples."
“Would we really call this hallway public?” Tony asked with a baleful stare in the direction of the nearest camera. Jarvis’ eyes weren’t visible to the public of course but Tony knew where every camera was placed by heart.
“You are a naughty child, who is supposed to be in school.”
“Do you know that I am not even allowed to name my own heir?” Tony barked a humorless laugh at Darren’s disbelieving look. “Yeah. Pepper gets Stark Industries if something happens to me and if I had a kit she would have to sanction my choice to leave my own possessions to them. It’s all dust Darren. Our lives might as well be dust but I can change that. I can start with giving the shelter kats a safe place to live out their lives in comfort. But I need the land first, so help me out her Dare. Find me the right soil.”
enough to bring on extreme episodes of mania and violence.
Ah. So that was how Tony had known that stuff about Wakanda and the dead general. He was talking to the machines again. Steve didn’t understand technopathy (as Tony gleefully insisted on calling it) only that Tony’s brain seemed to be the ultimate computer and could talk to other computers now. Until he ran across a system more advanced than the human brain, according to him there was virtually no limit to what he could access.
His ears are full of the thud of knuckles against flesh and the wet slap of skin on skin, the gurgle of strangled breaths.
“You were right, Tony.” Steve declared staunchly, mouth thinning stubbornly. “This is your fight. It always has been. It was Bucky's too only... I didn't want it to be. I didn't want him to get hurt. Tony I dreamed... I saw..."
It’s wrong, but he can’t focus on that. It’s like he’s on a track and there’s no getting off it. He’s an actor in a play, bound by contract to perform what has already been scripted. He has to do what he came to the store to do.
They all would.
Twenty minutes. Delivery was never that good Peter thought.
“JARVIS?” Tony asked, deceptively calm as he watched the tom sitting outside the doors to his very private penthouse getting to his feet. “Why is Prince T’Challa sitting outside my door?”
Tony should know. He's a kat too, and Howard might have been Tony's father but that didn't make Tony his child. Not in Howard's eyes or anyone elses.
"Oh I want you, I need you oh Baby I do, but a guy needs a breather every now and again. Even I can't get fucked all the time."
“And that’s it, just five friends doing their part for mankind, and when our handlers let us off the leash we even manage to get a few things done for gatakind.”
She wasn’t alone in the room he realized, instantly recognizing her office and what sounded like Fury’s voice muttering somewhere off camera.
That was pretty ingenious, Natasha had to admit. But Tony's brilliance, when it came to matters of code and mechanical parts, had never been in doubt. She'd marveled at few things in her life, but she could honestly say that there in that moment, Tony made her stop and wonder at his design.
But Tony she knew was different. He was clever enough to outsmart the witches of the world, but fool enough to forgive the father who abandoned him (every time). His bitterness on the subject couldn't fool her; because Tony Stark was not bitter at the father who had led him into a wild wood and left him to die. He was bitter because he'd never found the right treasure to bring home.
“Mr. Debar came with lunch Sir and he agreed with me that your diet is suffering from a lack of variety. I bowed to his medical expertise.”
For a reason huh?
~*~*~*~
He's six and Obi lets him try a sip of his dink, and even though it’s sour in his mouth and pungent in his nose Tony pretends to like it.
“Home doesn’t exist yet. Landing here was a one and a billion shot guys and we got it.” Nyota swallowed the lump in her throat as she met each of their eyes. “I’ve been thinking. Our parents died because they refused to abandon this planet, even when they knew it was the end of everything. They stayed to try and find a way to save everybody, down to the last second. I don’t think they’d get on the ARK with us this time around either.”
“Oh yeah! Mr Barton, we’re going to need your landing code.”
Natasha's voice hissed through his scattered panicked thoughts and Tony laughed out loud, smoke and rubble and windows and terrified faces rushing by him.
Tony Stark's problem -Natasha thought as she pocketed the gift - was that he'd never had any sisters. No Gerda and no Gretel. No one to push witches in fires or don her red shoes on the way to the river. No one to cover his ears and tell him over and over again until he believed.
But it's all a game, see, and it hadn't taken Clint long to observe that Tony was an expert. It was about control. Tony slept with people who gave easy pleasure, or easy votes, contracts and donations; people with the least amount of personal threat to him. They could have the surface, the physical, but there was no danger of anybody getting beyond that. Nobody got in or under, and those who tried to get over eventually learned the error of their ways. Most of them are dead.
“Push honey, for the baby.” Howard leans over her, stroking her brow with desperate tenderness and her eyes fix on him like a laser, bright and fevered, and quicker than a blink she turns and bites him, teeth sinking deep and drawing blood.
“But?” Tony asked, because he could practically sense the but coming.
"MiKall, one of the kits that my mother fostered in Valhalla. She is to be married and many celebrations to be held. When I told my mother I could not attend I was forced to also tell her of your predicament. It was her suggestion that the Avengers attend the feast as well, as honored guests." Thor explained in a quick fashion that Tony suspected was meant to make him feel less nervous about the prospect of venturing off planet to dine with actual gods.
“But the thing I can’t get out of my head is, at least Clint came clean. You could have told me all this when you knew the jig was up but you didn’t. You just left.”
The voice on the other end of the line outright laughed, but it was neither villainous nor mocking. The sound of it was friendly, Tony would even go so far as to say genuine.
She’s shivering, though it isn’t cold in the room.
"Stark!" A sharp forceful voice barked, and Tony stiffened, ears going erect and hair-raising as the air clouded thickly with the unmistakable scent of pissed off tom about to lose his shit.
Wow. Ouch. For the first time he could remember in a long while Tony had no idea what to say, the instinctive jolt of defensiveness quickly banked by the stark truth in the other man's words.
"Where are they?" He didn't bother mincing words nor did he lower his repulsors, because he had no idea what the hell was going on but he knew better than to blink when this guy was around.
“I agree.” The soft feminine voice of their mate lilts as she enters the room behind them. They don’t turn to see her. It’s like they’re scared to.
But for once he bit his tongue, because if it was a choice between Rogers high handedness and rehashing old shit with Ty, he knew which one he'd rather suffer.
See. Tipsy or not he could totally handle himself.
"You probably know better than I do. There are still prides in Africa right?"
Barnes took off in the direction that the Walsh girl had run, pulling a small handheld from another pocket in his vest. Thank God for JARVIS though because in the less than thirty seconds Tony lagged while he reoriented himself after the blow, the A.I. got a lock on Barnes, tracing his progress down the court.
Maybe that was just it. Luke had simply told the truth and seemed very confident that Tony's own good sense would lead him to the same conclusion, all the while churning out pheromones that were probably somebody's ideal of security.
When Jarvis had initially contacted Jena Keener to inform her that her son was safe and being watched over by the Avengers she’d been frantic, but probably less so than she would have been if she’d caught the news story featuring her mother screaming into a microphone and visceral footage of the carnage outside her home first. She’d seemed torn between relief and alarm that the Avengers had taken him out of state without permission but Tony could hardly have left the kit in the middle of all that and frankly, he hadn’t trusted the elderly Mrs. Keener not to make good on her threats.
In the penthouse, Tony jerks out of Steve’s arms. Icy cold pain ballooning in his head, putting pressure on all his nerves and he groans, pressing his hands tightly to his skull as if he fears his brains are about to leak out his ears.
"I care about her. I think we have that in common." Tony resisted the urge to dodge the compliment completely knowing that Natasha could still likely hear and thinking about what Luke had said, about not demeaning his relationships.
It was strange, because on the one hand, they've been teammates for months and living in the same tower, so of course they've all been building towards something easily slapped with the label of friendship and put away on a shelf.
Their nightgown hangs off their bony shoulders, but then again it always did. Their mistress fed them scraps from the table but sometimes she withheld. A dancer’s lines must be long and lean she always said, and kittens had a propensity for plushy figures.
"Tonight? It's like... What the hell time is it, even?" Tony demanded and his A.I. helpfully filled in.
That’s perfect right? There’s a future out there where Tony’s going to build a Pride (a Gata nation!) and he’s going to do it with Steve at his side with the rest of the Avengers. Yay! Only, get this, the kid he’d thought was Bruce’s in his dream? She isn’t.
"Blood alone does not make a Queen." The woman sneered but before Tony could even finish opening his mouth (to say fuck this, because he was so done with this) she went on. "Queen Anthony, if you believe your hunters are up to the task, you and your Consort bring me the feathers of the Benu. If you can do this without the aid of the Prince of Asgard I shall consider it proof enough of your worthiness."
Steve's eyes widened a bit at the sight, an eyebrow inching up his brow as his mouth tightened (probably in disapproval) but Tony ignored him. So sue him for needing to send a message tonight. Barton might be happy as a kitten on nip, but Tony Stark was no man's pet.
But screw that. Tony was ready to deal with these A.I.M. losers once and for all.
"They were builders?" Tony's ears twitched with excitement. He was going to ignore that whole bit about winning his heart because no. Just no. Not going there.
Still, he sipped delicately, just in case he broke out in hives or something.
He’d seen Bruce’s dream for himself so he knew for a fact that there’s a possible future out there where he and Helen are ridiculously cute together and they have a shy little boy named Amory who could sell ice to eskimos because he’s that fucking precious.
"We've got four geniuses working on this, but even so there will always be a margin for error. I'm with Steve, I'd still like to know what happens if your body rejects the compound."
"That is very well played Tony, very well played."
"I was kind of surprised at first that this place is still standing but the more I think about it the more it makes sense." Steve mused and Tony glanced at him curiously. He hadn't really taken Steve for the nightclub kind.
"Maria? Maria Carboni you absolute Schtnker! Wait right there-" The woman turns her head to holler back inside the room, "A cold Isiah you lying fool! You've never been sick a day in your life. Oh why didn't you tell me she was coming."
They went down to the lab where Bruce was waiting. It was great and all, having a brain that could make swiss cheese out of others from across the globe but the implications of that were too grand for any scientist to allow it to go untested.
“Ny, is that… is that dad? Are we really home?”
“You seem calmer this morning.” Wanda noted, leaning over till their shoulders knocked.
It was typical tom posturing, trying to warn all the other toms present he was biggest and baddest and not to get in his way when he rolled some ‘lucky’ fel on their back. Tony’s teammates had gone stiff, ears alert and eyes fixed on the prince as he drew closer, the air becoming charged with fight scent. Next to Tony Steve’s whole body was brimming with tension, but outwardly he looked calm and still as a statue as he watched T’Challa’s every move and Tony’s mouth stretched into a toothy smile.
“Of course Sir,” the A.I. answered even as a path of tiles on the floor began to emit a subtle glow leading to the opening doors of the living room. Natasha almost smiled. Leave it to Tony.
shelter. So I’m dealing with it.”
“You’ve got a party coming your way Legolas,” he warned, and he heard Clint grunted an acknowledgement.
Tony paused one of the searches to zoom in on the scowling profile of a Matthew Beavers. Mid-forties, bald, a strange looking tattoo peeking out of the collar of his shirt. Ex-marine. Twenty years in private security. Records suspiciously tidy.
So then of course they got the idea to try and train up the kits, forgoing the domesticating drugs.
“We’re losing her.” One of the nurses murmurs sadly, as if it is inevitable. “Happens a lot when you breed them young.”
“Quiet! I need quiet.”
“Till the end of the line?” she was happy her tone at least sounded snide, but his little smile told here he saw through her anyway.
Jaime for his part didn’t acknowledge that she was shuddering against him like the biggest of babies, probably smelling a week past her expiration date with the world’s worst rats nest for hair. He just held her close.
“Make him hurry Maria, I don’t have all day!” Sir barks over the intercom, but they can’t smell him so they know he isn’t close.
So what’s the problem?
Yinsen’s lips tilt in a slight smile.
Tony arched a disbelieving brow, though honestly, he wasn’t sure what if anything to make of the information.
Under the cover of dark Natasha had scaled the building and slipped through a vent with such ease they might as well have left the front door open for her.
“You’re a menace.” Tony shivered as Clint pressed his body close, licking a slow tantalizing stripe over the shell of his ear. “I promised Pepper I wouldn’t abuse my position as an authority figure, and I’m pretty sure taking advantage of my young unassuming new assistant was almost exactly why she made me promise that.”
“uh…”
Tony’s answering smile was all show.
“Won’t they send people after us?” behind him, Pietro whispered furtively to his sister as the two followed him from the alley.
"Tony, this is Sam."
"How?" Thor asked dubiously. "He knew you were watching him. You can not trust any of the information you gathered."
“We’re here Tony. Can you stand?” he heard Steve ask as a door opened and wonderfully cool air rushed against his skin. He shuddered, closing his eyes for a moment as he took a deep breath he had this. Nothing he hadn’t handled before. So what if he’d never spent a heat with Steve before. They were together. They cared about each other. Why shouldn’t he ride out the flash with him?
Natasha thought towards him as he entered the kitchen. Thor was there with her, along with Steve and that Luke guy.
“You don’t have to say it back,” he says, his voice low and rough and unmistakably tinged with hurt like the thought of Tony not saying it back hurts, but he swallows and keeps going. “I just… I know this isn’t easy for you, and I know you could be with anyone. I guess I just need you to know I’m happy you’re with me.”
"Because I didn't."
“You could save your own skin. Report on me.” Ivan pointed out the obvious.
Some of the tension knotting Steve’s shoulders eased as Wilson barked a laugh. The warmth of it was telling, and the tom’s obvious confidence went a long way toward putting Steve at ease. Sam wasn’t taking offense to being called crazy, and he was obviously comfortable with Rhodes.
Swallowing she shrugged, turning to make her exit. Over he shoulder she hot back, "So do you. And yet, we're both still here."
"Would we call this checkmate?" Helen whispered in amusement to Bruce, loud enough for them all to hear.
“JOCASTA! Override the administrative settings and search for designation 20999” she shouted, even as Riri and Amory demanded to know what the hell she was doing. She doesn’t answer (she barely knows).
Wasn't no use in any of them going hungry when offering the kit out for his heat could bring enough mint for a month of groceries.
His nose twitched, picking up on her stress scent despite the scent dampers she wore. Her anxiety was buzzing at his senses like an angry bee. He winced, guilty, because Princess was in general far less skittish than any of the other interns. It was too easy to forget sometimes that she wasn’t undamaged.
Tony remembered again the Queen who had spoken to him and the memories he’d walked in, of the birthing chamber and T’Challa as a young kit – the magnitude of what that must mean sinking in. He’d taken strength from T’Challa. The Prince of Wakanda, who belonged to the Queen of the Panther Pride! Because she’d let him. She’d been there in Tony’s mind. Aware of him just as he was aware of her.
He performs under bright lights with Natasha and Clint, and rides the roller coaster on Coney Island with Steve.
As it turned out, A.I.M. had another trick up its sleeve. Because now that Killian is dead some quack calling itself (Tony didn't think the giant head with toothpick legs is really a person anymore, if it ever was one) M.O.D.O.K appears to be running things and the guy packed a punch.
Focusing on the facts helped him accept the anger he felt over the things he couldn't change.
She wondered what it said about her that she felt so innately protective of his slumber. Perhaps it was what Bruce was calling the 'pride effect'.
Friday nights seemed to be the night when Natasha appeared in the common floor living room to clean her weapons while Clint watched movies, and the one time Bruce had sat with them to watch The Sting Tony had joined them and so had Steve. Friday night movies occur at a rate that would suggest it has become unspoken tradition.
The alarm that blared through the avengers quarters at 5:50 in the morning decided otherwise.
Ivan has lost others… they let him keep those memories, if not always their associations. He has felt the torment of watching what belongs to him slowly blead out in his arms. He knows the dull unrelenting ache of missing, that is touching a person’s mind and knowing them in their entirety only to have their screams follow him as every cell in his body freezes and he is swallowed by silence.
And kits. Tony’s imagination supplied, his gut twisting with longing. Beautiful girls with Natasha’s red hair, and a bunch of wiry little imps with Clint’s energy scratching up his floors and ruining his rugs with their untrimmed nails.
Steve looked up from the game of checkers he was currently attempting to play with the mechanical arm that Tony was test driving and grinned, only semi guilty at being caught.
That wasn't an option with the interference from the tower and unless she took out the guards and disabled the jamming device disrupting her tech, there wasn't much she could do about it. Taking out the guards was a last resort option. She'd have to get in and get out before someone either noticed they were missing or that there was something wrong with their signal tower. She told herself to stop being paranoid and that this was why it wasn't smart to form connections. They were distracting.
“It angers me that even now I… I failed to protect my mate and my child, and now I won’t ever have the chance to again. And to feel this monstrous because of it; it’s so antiquated it’s practically biblical.”
"Thank you. And while it occurs to me that kissing you might be sending you mixed signals, I just want to clarify that was a best friend kiss. Is that a thing? Whatever, it's our thing. As long as you think you can handle it?"
"Or what?" The response had a curious ring to it but Tony didn't mind. You know the old saying about curiosity and cats.
“Did a full body scan with Bruce,” the brunette suddenly announced without turning around and Steve paused.
“First let’s get you fed. Then we can worry about saving the day.”
Tony closed his eyes and felt Steve’s mind opening to him. He let himself sink inside.
"Peace my friends. It is only my son, back from his travels."
Steve hit the bridge running, shield in front and his eyes fixed on Bruce at the top of the long metal column that stood for the castle mound.
They’re older now, older than they know they are right at this moment, but they’re someplace full of sun and bright colors that somehow makes everything look and feel younger.
As requested he’d brought his resume, a reference from his teacher (his current science teacher was awesome and a lot nicer than Mr. Hepburn had been) and an example of his work.  His web shooters were by far the thing he was most proud of, and he really wanted to show Mr. Stark what he’d done but he knew that was too risky.
Natasha's eyebrows raised as a low rumble began in Tony's chest, the purr escaping him before he could wrench his head away from Clint's very wicked fingers.
"Are you his Consort then, Prince of Asgard, that you speak so readily for him?" Bastet asked with another bored flick of her tail and Odin looked like he was going to have a stroke even as Thor's mother bit back a smile.
Nyota - Of Avengers Pride
But her message was clear. Either he left her behind or he kept walking for the both of them. Only one of those was an option as far as Tony was concerned.
“Nix the Beavers guy Coulson he gives me the willies.”
"Sam Wilson," Sam filled in, reaching to shake Tony's hand.
She and Clint had been playing defense while he and Steve handled the offense, trying to inch their way across team Wakanda’s defensive line and avoid all the obstacles between them and the opposing castle mount. But since they’d lost Clint Steve had fallen back to help strengthen their defense while Tony kept Thor dancing while he tried to dodge his hammer. It shouldn’t have surprised anyone as much as it did that T’Challa’s team hunted like big cats, but it was startling in its effectiveness and fascinating to take in. They’d fanned out at first only to rush together to strike a single target from multiple directions at once with effortless cohesion, forcing Steve and the others to come to their comrades aide or risk losing them.
“Mom puts up with it because she depends on Granny’s money and doesn’t want to risk the altogether insane and unfair custody battle that would ensue because, per article twelve of the Breeding Ordinances, she would have to pay a huge fine for her unlawful use of your grandmother’s property, and since your father was in fact someone elses property, that in turn begs the question of who does Harley Keener actually belong to. That about right?”
“This is your fight Tony." Steve finished softly, hands clenching the roof edge as he dropped his head, the gesture almost uncomfortably vulnerable. "I understand why you have to fight it this way and I won’t stand in your way. I’m with you, because it’s right, and because I don’t want to watch you fall again and wonder if I was part of what pushed you. I can’t. I can’t Tony-”
“Big boy here Rhodes. I can handle myself.”
“There was plenty of gossip about Amberson Osbornes bastard son once upon a time,” Tony continued. “But nobody ever come forward with any proof and so the story became nothing but rumor and myth, the way these things do. As for the real story, it was probably way more boring than any of the gossip ever gave it credit for. Right Peter?”
The brightly colored pamphlet that had come in the box had explained that a unique code was built in for law enforcement, in the event that Masters needed help with their more “unruly” subjects.  Bastards.
“Shit!” the male kat cursed, withdrawing something small and tellingly pistol shape from the holster on his belt and firing it at Spiderman. Peter didn’t have time to leap out of the way but thankfully Steve’s shield was there blocking the plasma blasts as it sailed by, but unfortunately doing a great job of slicing through Peter’s webbing too. Their captive crashed to the floor and into her companion’s waiting arms. The kat quickly sliced through the tangle of webbing holding her limbs together with his claws and embraced her like they were lovers sinking on the titanic or something, and a moment later they just disappeared into thin air.
No wonder Bucky had never told him about the baby. No wonder Tony still didn’t trust him. Steve didn’t trust himself either. That was the problem.
Tony sucked in a sharp breath, shocked, humiliated, even angry (at this stranger, this presumptuous asshole who thought he had the right to judge, when he knew nothing of what Tony has done or what he’s been through) but then the air punched out of him and he was breathing again, raggedly… because it didn’t matter.
(it’s hot okay).
"You clean up nice Stark."
Tony closed his mouth, unable to come up with a proper response for that because, crazy as it was to even consider, Thor was right. There was so much about the Alurio that had gotten lost, that might never be recovered but this Bastet, she'd been there at the beginning. The extent of what she could tell him was invaluable, but Tony was struck suddenly with a bitter feeling that after several seconds of thought he finally placed as abandonment.
“Pepper nixed the Shield.” Tony arched his eyebrows in surprise and Steve explained. “This is the first time we’re going to be out together as a couple where they can ask us questions. She said something about the world needing to see you with Steve Rogers and not with Captain America.”
It was a sentiment Tony couldn't really find too much of an argument for, especially when it was revealed that the African nation still had free gata and they weren't just servants of the royal house as the history books would lead one to believe. The Panther Pride was the royal house.
Unbidden, what that medic had said to him the night of the attack on the safe house came back. It wasn’t right, what AIM had done, what they’d taken away from him. But what was he going to do, curl into a ball and moan about how unfair it was? Wait for someone to produce a miracle cure so he could go back to his life and not deal with any of it?
"Different?" Natasha asked warily, pausing to look between him and Tony as Tony heaved a heavy sigh.
"I'm sorry Sir, but Agent Coulson ordered a cut off in accordance with an event you are to attend tonight. I did remind you twice Sir."
"I do not know the specific language, but the AllSpeak allows me to understand all that is spoken to me, and for me to speak to all in return." Thor explained before returning his eyes to the dot in the distance that was their strange new (almost) friend. "What he calls you is difficult to express in your English, but it is not a name but an endearment. It means Queen in my heart."
“Ha.” Fury barked a hard laugh. “Now why the hell would I do that Stark?”
(So do you.)
(Stay with me!)
Immediately he was assaulted with the sensation of sinking, of his head filling up with fog and nightmarish faces.
There was too much riding on their negotiations with the country to risk failing that test.
Crushed likely on impact the coroner explains dispassionately.
With the whole class suddenly enthused about getting a chance to see inside Stark Industries Mr. Hepburn had no choice but to promise he’d try and arrange it. He warned them not to get their hopes up. Tony Stark was unreliable, prickly and not known to be a generous man. Not like Master Osborne. Peter hadn’t cared what he or Eugene said, too excited about the chance to be close to his hero.
The tom must have come directly over to the couch upon arriving because he was still in his winter coat, a monstrously puffy thing that looked thermal enough for an expedition to Alaska. Tony had to bite back a grin at how ridiculously closely he resembled an animation from South Park. The reports all agreed this was a mild winter for the city but he supposed for someone from the Congo that didn’t matter much.
And those results weren’t just in Bruce either.
The little man of iron did not like the comparison, for an understandable reason, but the similarities between him and Loki provided Thor with bitter sweet comfort. He did not mind the bitter parts, for life was naturally bitter and sweet in turns and you could not fully appreciate one without the other. Though it came with painful reminders, he enjoyed spending time with his Midgardian friend.
They were stabilizing one another, and it was early days yet, but Bruce was fairly certain that introducing a true pride bond would only increase that stabilizing effect by exponential amounts.
They sped through the city traffic like mad things and in the back of Tony's mind he said an apology to Pepper, who was sure to be miffed when the traffic cams crashed the party; but for the moment he couldn't care less. He let himself enjoy the speed, the feel of Steve's body shifting beneath his and the rumble of his chest as the blond laughed at Tony's loud whoops.
“Because Queens are second to no one and they do not relinquish the hearts they take.” A chill went down Tony’s spine. T’Challa’s voice was positively grave now. “Not even in death.”
“Can I ditch the mummy act or what?” Clint whined a few moments later, scratching at the bandages on his forearms. They had him on some good meds so his pain level was down but he itched like a mother.
The Wakandian king had made some statements, including a brief speech explaining why Wakanda had played the political equivalent of hermit for so many years; which had amounted to 'you're all crazy' and 'just leave us alone'.
"They are Queensgaurd," Thor answered even as Odin moved away from the edge with a frown of displeasure and called out to the guardsmen.
His mother has a couple of them who pull her chariot or something to that accord and apparently there's a whole alien race up there that's likely responsible for their existence down here.
“Harley!” Jena Keener hissed, seeing that nobody else was going to halt this train wreck, and placed a hand over the kids mouth, muffling the end of his sentence as she drew him back, apologizing profusely with nervous glances between the captain and Tony. Tony rose from his chair with a meaningful glance at Bruce who quickly followed.
She smiled at him.
"I don't know if that's fair Tony," Bruce interjected hesitantly, clearly wary of stepping into the argument, but he was quickly backed by Natasha who sounded bored with the whole thing but unflinchingly certain.
But that's not the point. The point is Barton just came into his workshop and asked Tony if he'd be okay if Phil Coulson collard him.
"Hey, don't be a brat. You don't own a monopoly on bringing me beverages. He's just jealous." Tony explained apologetically to Thor as Dummy wilted with a sad sounding beep. "Quit the crocodile tears. You know you were wrong. Back to your station."
“Behind you Cap!” Bruce warned and Steve whirled around, expecting to find Prince T’Challa, only across the field on the opposite mount Thor had his hammer raised, and  Steve knew what would happen next. He raised his shield just in time to intercept the blinding bolt of lightning that tried to slam into him and grunted as the sheer power behind it forced him back a step.
Too bad he’d only remembered it there at the end, when it was too late to do anything but die for a lost cause and spit their kits out into the cosmos and hope for the best.
“I hate it when my Rumiko is out of sight too. She’s such a good girl, but she does manage to find trouble.” The old woman smiled tenderly down at the fel sitting on the lowered chair beside her. At least she’d allowed the poor woman a chair. Some of the kats attending the dinner with their masters were forced to sit on cushions beside their masters chairs.
“You’re damn right you’re not.” Tony hissed through sharpening teeth. Natasha breathed steadily through her nose laboring for calm.
Domesticated fels were timid little creatures terrified of saying no to their betters, and toms would be toms and all that.
Stark was meant to be a Queen. What was more, Thor believed that Midgaurd needed the kind of Queen he knew Stark would be; but a perfect man Anthony was not and Thor was not unfamiliar with the hard lessons of humility.
That had Tony’s heart jumping in alarm, indignant heat tingling in his cheeks as he shot to his feet with a warning hiss. The world spun a bit and he wobbled but the medical aid was there a second later to provide a steadying hand, a small hint of amusement in his eyes as he murmured, “I see that my assistance is not needed.”
If it’s not them it’ll be you. Everybody knows that.
“How long was I out?” Tony asked fumbling for the bed rails as he attempted to sit up. The tom immediately rushed to help, placing hands gently upon his back and stomach for support. Tony hated waking up and not having Jarvis there to orient him. What day was it even? Why were Bruce’s thoughts still screaming so loudly in his head and what the hell was he doing down here?
Luke shrugged, a glint of mischief in his eyes as he replied.
The only thing missing was Natasha, sitting with legs folded in the lazy boy while she pretended to do serious work on her phone, but was actually driving the internet trolls wild decimating their scores in Candy Crush. Clint lazing on the couch watching some trash program with a bowl of fruity pebbles, probably complaining about the fact that JARVIS had stocked pebbles this week instead of fruit loops or some shit. Bruce sitting beside Helen, discussing some new theory and trying not to look smitten. Harley sprawled on the floor with his school books, trying to explain the nature of homework to Thor.
The sight of a truck coming down the curved dirt road could very well have been a mirage or a symptom of the heat stroke that Tony was sure he was having but fuck if he cared. He’d been stranded on the side of the road for an hour going on six years with no sign of another soul. And while he may have managed to forget to check the car for a spare when he’d picked it up from the rental, he hadn’t forgotten how remote the back roads were around here. Here being the bumfuck middle of nowhere Georgia.
“I say that out loud?” Tony wondered, brow furrowing speculatively as he realized that T’Challa had answered his thoughts. The tom shook his head minutely.
“Should I have told him he was going to be alright Stevie? Huh was that the last time he was going to have to swallow his own blood? Was it?! Only when you're dead. That's when you're free. Only when you're good and dead.”
“No. You know what you must do. I’m sor-”
He’s got a bright future ahead of him and some big shoes to fill. He knows because Papa tells him. He never lets him forget.
He couldn’t get used to feeling like a clown the brass had trotted out, or some kind of dancing monkey.  He’d been awkward and stiff back then too, much to Bucky’s enjoyment. Misery really did love company, because as much as Bucky had hated being trotted out at the end of the Army’s leash things just had a way of feeling better when you weren’t alone in them.
“Tony,” by his sigh Tony could tell Bruce had guessed where he was going with this. “No offense to Mr. Debar but when I said you need the opinion of a real medical doctor I meant someone with a medical license.”
There he sat, curled at his mistress’s feet all gleaming muscle and ‘fuck me eyes’ probably thinking Tony’s whiskers were twitching and his knees liquefying, because he just couldn’t wait to roll over for such a big strong beautiful tom – when in reality all Tony could feel was an increasingly dark disgust.
A moment later he felt a violent prick as a fist slammed against him, plunging the syringe that Killian had dropped deep into the fleshy part of his shoulder.
We're about to dip into IM3 territory here, and I think you'll enjoy the changes. Tony has some lessons to learn about trust and maybe we'll get there without him inviting a terrorist to blow up his house (but it's Tony so no promises).  Next chapter we'll get more POV from Clint and learn a few more things about his past, like why Fury sent him into spy instead of Natasha and what came of it. And of course there is Luke.  Hmmmm. I wonder what his role in all of this is?  ;)
“Don’t call me stupid Rogers.” Matai shot back.
"This softer naive thing you're trying, I like it. It's different." He took another long swallow of his drink.
"Good afternoon Mr. Coulson," Luke, according to his name tag, chirped amiably in Clint's direction as he began changing out the IV bag. Clint scowled.
“I’m alright gang,” Tony reassured them both.
Tony and the team looked at him curiously but Thor just moved his glower to Prince T’Challa and said, “Queen Anthony thanks you for your gift. I’m sure you do not mind if it is examined? I have heard the Midgardian tale of the Trojans horse and have become wary of the duplicity your kind is capable of when bestowing seemingly harmless gifts.”
He'd let Bruce strap him up down in the lab and take scans of his brain while they connected once. It had been strangely beautiful to watch their brain maps light up like  twin cities after dark, the impression of Bruce's wonder growing within his consciousness like a flower in bloom.
He’s not going to let his insecurities and his over active brain spoil what is so far a very good thing between him and Steve.
"You should definitely sleep more, but a bed just for napping seems excessive to me Tony."
Ana feeds him up and Rhodey (he doesn't know he's Rhodey yet but he is) doesn't talk much, scarfing down the food Ana places in front of him almost before she's finished setting it down and Tony talks his ear off.
“Why the hell am I in here?” he rasped out, and Bruce’s mouth tightened, his eyes glancing away as he searched for words.
Tony barked a disbelieving laugh. This guy. This guy had more nerve than anyone Tony had ever met! And he’s been held captive by terrorists for god sake.
It was kind of weird finding his friends all sitting in the living room on the common floor like a bunch of fretful parents on prom night but alright, kind of endearing as well. But Tony, being Tony couldn’t let it go without at least a little teasing.
“We got incoming.” Tony warned the nervous looking officers before looking down at Mckenzie Walsh and her would be rescuer. The girl stared back up at him, tearful eyes glazed with shock.
“Thank you again, for letting us stay here and for well... everything. It must be a burden.”
“We’re going to begin administering the BX-Serum, which should begin to immediately absorb into the bone.” Bruce’s voice filtered through the speaker. He sounded calm at least. “Extremis will likely attempt to fight this at first. At that point we’ll close the cradle and it will hopefully keep the patient’s body regenerating fast enough that the BX can fuse with his DNA and Extremis accepts it as a part of the host body.”
"Whatever you say soldier, but we both know you'll be taking that best half part back later."
He was staring through the wall, at something Bruce was fairly certain only he could see with such a despondent expression that Bruce faltered, suddenly cringing at the thought of intruding on the captain's solitude.
He’s not any better off than she is really. His whole body is hot and all he can see is red, as rage storms through him, swallowing everything.
Steve drew back at her words, stung jaw clenching tightly but there was nothing even remotely apologetic in Natasha’s expression. She just looked like she was patiently waiting for him to deny it and it was that certainty he saw that made the words die on his tongue.
“You weren’t responsible for that mission going bust Steve. It was always going to.”
“Like this Grandpa?”
"Don’t say stupid things Kotyonok when you are far from stupid."
“But you totally would or you wouldn’t have gone all ‘Wise Dragon’ on me just now.”
“Worse, brain waves. Their technology developed from a philosophy that a warrior should have a distinct connection with his weapon.” Tony answered with a grin. “Kind of like a Jedi with his lightsaber.”
That’s when Steve had learned that Sarah had stopped chemo two weeks back.
“Better catch up fast Cap. Watch out for the big one. He’s got some sort of plasma shield,” Tony warned as he flew around the last corner. He landed in the center of the hall, repulors at the ready and carefully aimed at the two figures running towards him.
“Look guys. Billy’s powers are still developing, this isn’t on him. We all saw what it did to Aunt Wanda to teleport us out of here the first time. That’s why we built the device in the first place. If he’d had more time, I’m sure that other Tony Stark would have figured out a way to perfect it. But there wasn’t time.” She said. “Well now we have all the time in the world.”
Tony taped on his tablet, pulling up the schematics for new armor improvements and resolutely doesn't look at Clint as the tom says his name softly.
It was the work of seconds to run his image and come up with a name.
Tony's nose twitched, the small space between them filling with the scent of worried over protective tom. It wasn't as strong as Steve's but then again Steve's pheromones thanks to the serum were rather on the 'I say everything at a shout' side.
And with the remnants of their earlier discord slipping further and further away, T’Challa laughed.
Fuck. Just…fuck that. And fuck him! Tony wanted to say it, but all that came out through his tight throat was a rasped, “What are you saying?”
And then, just to make matters even more complicated, there was a part of Steve that resented the way his body responded to Tony, and felt nothing but guilt over letting the man into his heart. How could he love Tony, and raise his shield to protect what was Tony’s, when he’d had Bucky and possibly a baby, only to lose them both?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is that why you loved him?” he asked. His voice sounded rough and he could feel a bead of sweat trickling down his face but he was happy to have control of his thoughts back. For the most part anyway. Steve didn’t answer immediately, instead reaching with his thumb and wipe up the trail of sweat with a tender stroke before he finally spoke.
He couldn’t remember. Why was he so heavy? Why couldn’t he stop fighting toward the surface when he just wanted to close his eyes and let the mist swallow him. What was so damnably important that he couldn’t just put it all down?
“Tony I can’t change what happened in the past, but Maya thinks these people may come after you again. I hope you know I’d never let that happen.”
*Important. I apologize that these chapters are taking twice as long. I am trying to make up for it by keeping their length nice and meaty.  Good news! My beloved writing partner and all around best friend is back from boot camp! With jumping back into our Sound Of Music fic, and still going to work and class I think updates for this story are going to stay at a once every other week pace for the time being. But as long as there are people expressing interest my promise is to keep at it until I finish.
Finding the last tub of it, Tony made a mental note to bug JARVIS about ordering more and eyed Natasha’s fruit salad speculatively. She’d threatened to stitch his fingers together in his sleep if he picked all the blueberries out again. Her level of seriousness had yet to be determined.
“So what do we do? Just give up?! Just say oh well we tried and wait around for twenty years for the universe to end again?” Tommy demanded.
Natasha didn't reply, staring at him silently. Expectantly, and Tony bit back the urge to hiss.
Tony had ripped through every government archive he could successfully hack into (which was all of them) in order to get his hands on the record for Private James B Barnes, one of the earliest case studies in Gata ReAgression and a still nationally celebrated
Steve had gotten the call just after eight p.m. the night before. The picture of the cyborg flashing on his screen (Sam’s idea of a joke) had brought an ominous chill he couldn’t explain, but he’d somehow just known.
It wasn't exactly popular in any school of thought but Tony had long held to the thought that human beings were basically computers anyway. Not the almost laughably simple systems they've managed to invent in copy, but nevertheless advanced computing systems.
"You mean like a Christmas party?" Harley's eyes opened wide in excitement. He clutched on tightly to Thor as his vigors nod threatened the eager kit's seat once more, turning to pin those round gleaming eyes on Tony as he pleaded, "Can we? Just like in the movies. I've never been allowed to go to a Christmas party."
Did you forget who I am?”
Thank god Cap had no idea how absolutely lethal his brand of Golden Boy good looks could be when coupled with seemingly simple gestures of approval or Tony would just have to throw the damn towel in.
Not for the first time Steve caught himself looking at Tony and thinking he was really something else. The things he'd made possible were amazing (he was amazing) and what he was doing here with these Gata... Steve was proud to be a part of it.
But because Tony’s heat was so close completely overpowering the pheromones he was dishing out was next to impossible. He did his level best, putting on as much of the strongest cologne he owned that he dared without smelling like a teen with his first can of Axe.
Grinning against Bruce's shirt, Tony purred.
The kit blushes, eyes flying furtively to the kat who doesn’t belong, who has arched one neat eyebrow and gone stiff. It's not polite to talk about a kat's heat but everybody knows what Mr. Allen means by 'get together'.  Mrs. Finnegan, who is still looking at the bread case gives him a slow eyed look, considering.
Father has just come from the temple so he is still bare chested, proudly displaying the tattoos that declare him the mate of the Queen of the Panther Pride and King of Wakanda. He was not surprised by the sudden attack but then again, father is a very good hunter, even for a man.
“JARVIS says you have boxes in storage at a mansion but we couldn’t go there so Thor brought some of his.” Harley offered helpfully. He was helping Thor to line the hall in fresh garland made of weaved evergreen.
He jabs angrily in the direction of the other boy. "There's your thief. This man saved my things! Why are you arresting him?"
Clint winced. Okay. She had him on that one. But those were two very unique, very specific jobs that are not likely to ever see a repeat. I mean, how likely is it that he’ll be sent in to either assassinate or double cross a potential pridemate again?
He appreciated Tony's sly, sometimes dark humor, his silver tongue, and sometimes duplicitous strategy in warfare.
"Now you have to help..." She wheezed through stuttered breaths, hunching as her hands weakly gripped the hilt of the knife.  "We can save... so many lives."
“Until this whole free nation thing becomes a reality anyone living there will officially be residents of the state of Massachusetts. You might prefer indentured servitude.” Darren replied with a shudder, and this time when Tony laughed it was genuine.
Her courage was extraordinary, Tony thought not for the first time. It would have been a big deal for any kid in their twenties to face off with a woman like Sonia, but for a domesticated kat who had to fight against a lifetime of conditioning and damaged fight or flight responses to boot, Tony was daily in awe of her. And not just her. It was all of the interns in their different ways. Peter and Harley, Mika and Kamala.  Young men and women who had defied all odds to pursue their dreams and succeed where the world told them they had no business.
Tony might have been a little vehement about that last bit, which might be the reason Rhodey had pulled him away to berate him about his drinking.
"Well, at least you admit it."
Tony still wasn’t sure. He was still deliberating on it as he left Steve and Natasha to their research and trudged his way to the elevator to have JARVIS take him up to the penthouse.
~*~*~
Deciding it was a coincidence felt ridiculously like putting his head in the sand, and more tellingly like some sort of betrayal. Like he was failing Bucky’s memory in some way by rejecting the truth right before his eyes.
Yay for fast updates. Here is the second part of what was originally last chapter. :) Thank you for your continued encouragement and support with this story.
Natasha was his and he hers. They shared a struggle and now they shared a life together. Tony Stark could no longer claim he didn’t have family, but that was okay. Fear or no fear, that was exactly what he’d wanted and before he was set to go under the metaphorical knife the team had gathered together after dinner to see about making that family a little bit bigger.
He had to bring back Bucky Barnes.
And when he wasn't obsessed with finding Steve's body and dragging it up from the ocean, Howard was obsessed with recreating another perfect soldier.
It took his brain a minute to catch up to the fact that the other one was no longer resting on the bed beside him but getting up to answer the phone beeping steadily on the bedside table. After sniffing out that they were still alone in the room Clint forced his body to relax, sitting up in the bed to watch Phil as he tried to follow the clipped conversation his partner was having with Agent Hill.
attention for Tony’s sole benefit. Because Tony is someone he cares about and Steve is a muscly patriotic themed mother hen.
The soldier blinks in shock, but he is only distracted by the changing scenery and Tony’s sudden appearance for a moment because he shifts in a way that foretells a split throat and Tony brings his arms up, crossing his wrists and the sound of that knife striking metal sings through the air.
