The ground trembles beneath his feet. It’s faint, but he feels it, and it sets his heart jackhammering. He shoves the map into his back pocket and looks up at the edge of the ring, and makes a beeline for the ring just like he should have done in the first place.
and then this again,
“Okay. Yeah. Um, thanks. For digging around. You didn’t have to.” His words ring hollow. He’s not sure what he’s feeling right now.
He can see Scott watching the bus pull out of the station. It’s a lonely feeling, watching him stand there. Like he’s abandoning this guy and his missing sister, just taking his money and leaving.
Then, in the distance, he sees – and slows down. He stops about thirty feet out from a herd of deer, crossing the two-lane country road, tawny, and striped by the sunlight falling between the bare branches of the trees. Mist pooling around their thin legs, their cautious steps. A buck follows the herd, moss and leaves hanging from his antlers. He stops, turns to look at them, then slowly raises his head and bellows, breath pouring out puffs of white vapor. The sound is like a trumpet, and echoes and echoes off the sides of the mountains. For a moment, everything is still; Roger’s heart skips a beat in awe. In decades of trucking, there’s hardly anything that he hasn’t seen on the road, but this – it seems like the stag is telling them something, acknowledging them like fellow travelers.
“Not exactly. Kevin told me you had a poor reaction to my presence earlier.”
“Well, that’s a real comfort to hear. Thanks, Kev.”
“Makes it sound like you were fighting a war.”
He turns to her suddenly, face creased with worry. “You’re not going to turn me in to the police?” When she shakes her head, he twists his hands around the handle of the rake. “I mean, I appreciate it, but I guess I don’t understand. I could be a murderer or something.”
And now he’ll never know.
For a few minutes, he’s alone, and he takes the time to force his brain into motion. He assesses his options.
Kevin slides the laptop away awkwardly. “You okay, man?”
“Demons.” He doesn’t know why he’s surprised. If he’s willing to believe Castiel is an angel and can speak English, why not start believing in demons, too? But a giddy and not-insignificant part of his brain is still like:
“As far as I know, his only utility was as a secondary vessel. I cannot imagine anyone going to the trouble of extracting him from the Cage without Michael.”
“Favorite animal?”
Kevin winces. “Or angels. Something like that. There has to be a plan. Sam knows more about it than I do.”
And that’s how he ends up in the passenger seat of Scott’s car, rolling through the heart of Chicago. It’s barely ten minutes, but they spend a lot of time at the kiosk, finagling a bus ticket out of the dour cashier. Scott ends up spending a not-insignificant amount of money on a ticket to St. Paul, and Michael can only stand there helplessly as he is helped.
“What did he mean by
He didn’t know how to respond except laughter because Dean
He remembers. Her hand holding his as they walked to the local park, the times he’d find her passed out on the couch in the morning with the TV still on, the day she took him to pick out his first (well-used) car, the way she’d hug him tight like she was squeezing the last bit out of a tube of toothpaste.
Adam shrugs. “I – I miss my mom,” he says, half-laughing because it sounds so childish, but somehow getting closer and closer to actually crying.
There’s a parking lot out by Cottonwood Lake. Kevin leaves the car there and trails Adam as he makes his way out onto the tiny pier. It’s late fall and all of the leaves are gone, so he can see the flat farmland behind the screen of trees that line the far bank. The water is dark, but sunlight winks off the rippling surface as the wind pushes across.
“Couple days,” Michael answers, then winces. Yeah, not good. “I’ll take a look.”
“—and arrange an exchange of information.”
“Get in the car, Mikey.”
“Thank you, Martha.”
“So you never got to celebrate your birthday?”
George sighs and drums his thumbs on the steering wheel before turning the engine on and switching the gear, pulling out of the filling station. “I can drop you off when we get to Alexandria. Probably someone headed out from there.”
When he points this out, Kevin nods. “I believe it. You seem like that kind of guy.”
Eventually Castiel breaks the drowsy silence.
The feeling of loneliness hits him like a baseball bat. He can’t even see her picture anymore through the sudden tears.
Kevin, after grouching back to sleep for a few hours, wakes up and nabs breakfast for them, then pulls up Windom on his laptop on Google Maps and clicks around in Street View for a futile twenty minutes. They can’t find his house, but Kevin’s pretty confident that they’ll be able to find it just driving around there, because it’s such a small goddamn town.
“Yes, sir. I—”
“—yes, Dean, I mentioned obvious risks—”
“That’s our number,” he says. “Call us when you get wherever you’re going, all right?”
“Hey, Michael? Are you okay?”
“A little,” Michael grumps, but Kevin ignores him.
Michael’s arm shoots out to handshake position immediately. “Sorry, ma’am,” he says.
“Oh, my
“To get murdered again? Nah.” There’s a weird edge to his voice that Kevin doesn’t know how to respond to.
Sam thought, and wished he could have taken a pillow or something from the room.
There are no sounds for a while except the rasp of the rake across the grass and the swish of her broom against the wooden beams. A few birds flitter in and out of the trees, their inquisitive calls echoing in the sunlit woods. Michael is quite methodical, although his brow is continually furrowed as if trying to recall something important. Bit by bit, the grass reappears and the yard is spotted with piles of yellow leaves. They fill a few garbage bags with the leaves and tie them off, leaving them on the patio for later.
He’s not sure whether he can move, or whether he just doesn’t
he said.
Kevin’s genuinely a nice guy. It’s kind of astonishing, considering that his career path seems to be tailored to make people seriously dysfunctional. He’s open, but has boundaries, makes conversation like it’s the only thing in the world that’s worthwhile but lets silence be silence. All while possibly being the most perfect driver Adam has ever seen. No rolling stops, always signals a left turn. He even signals when he’s turning out of a parking space. And for the life of him he can’t figure out why the guy has such a gigantic heart. It’s like he’s a real-life Care Bear except with more stomping out evil with an arsenal of specialized weaponry. He’s seen Kevin’s trunk and he’s pretty sure the guy would never make it through customs anywhere.
“It’s a quiet town,” he says. “I like it.”
They actually miss the house the first time they drive past it, so Kevin has to make another trip around the block to make sure he knows where they’ll walk to. He leaves the car in a church parking lot and then they’re walking, insisting that Michael turn up his collar so it’ll be harder to recognize him, and Michael is leading the way.
“Outside,” he repeats. “Just for a minute. What? You have, like, half a foot on me. I’d be an idiot to pick a fight with you.”
Scott runs a hand through his short, gelled-back hair, and sighs. “It’s just an act of goodwill, dude. What am I supposed to do, send you out into the night?” When Michael just shrugs, he softens a little more. “I had a family member go missing last year. ’Nough said. I don’t like the idea of people just wandering out there, alone. C’mon.”
“Let’s go somewhere else to speak.”
“Brought it in, no worries.”
“Kevin told me you said your name was Michael when you met.”
Castiel shrugs again. “You were in the Cage for thousands of years. Sam was only present for a century or so. There’s no reason to expect your situation to be the same as his, especially if Michael protected you. Lucifer had no interest in preserving Sam, but from what few memories I have of his time there, Michael had you under his wing more often than not.”
* suddenly, memories are flooding back!
He shifted over across the wet grass so that their arms were touching, and with some effort Dean maneuvered himself so that he was leaning against him. Sam laid an arm around Dean’s shoulders and rested his head against his.
“Right. And you definitely remember how to hand out the lip,” Kevin says, rolling his eyes. “But that’s a good sign, right? Like, it’s all coming back.”
“You don’t know your full name?”
He shrugs. “I don’t really remember an afterlife, if there was one.”
In May, Dean was in heaven and Sam was walking barefoot in the shallows of the Cherry River, listening to the frogs and birds and slapping away mosquitoes, the laces of his shoes tied to his belt.
“Kate and Michael Milligan.” Kevin beams. “That’s a better frame of reference than your house.”
None of those seems good. Maybe it’s his brain still defrosting, but it does look like he’s well and truly at the mercy of Scott the Seven-Eleven Clerk.
said.”
“I’m Michael. I’d say it’s fine, but I kinda just want to know what the hell you meant by all that.”
“I have a sense for that kind of thing. Someone like you is usually linked to a higher power with a god complex who thinks I’m still in the business.”
Scott puts his hands up. “Sorry. I know I’m snooping. Hey, let me get you something to eat—”
“Uh-huh,” he says slowly. “And that girl last night?”
That’s something he doesn’t want to think about.
“Oh. Sam. Uh, he’s – interesting.”
“When?”
His brother sat with his back against an old fencepost, arms crossed, one leg bent. There were three rents across the front of his jacket, and the black gloss of blood hid underneath. His eyes were half-lidded and Dean could have been drifting off to sleep after a watchful night, but he was in the middle of a field in Missouri, and he’d been hunting for a long time, and
He barely registers when his body twitches and jerks and trembles of its own accord.
He wants to say something, but what is there to say?
“It’s your choice.”
“I’ve come to realize that people prefer to have conversations like this in private,” he says, like a therapist, or maybe an alien. “Would you like to go into the guest room?”
Kevin keeps chipping at the blank slate that covers his memories as they drive. Nothing surfaces that’s anywhere near the one that screwed up his brain for hours, the flash of which he has locked firmly in the back of his head and refuses to revisit.
They are in Nebraska, driving west on I-80, nothing in sight but flat plains of dry yellow grass and dark leafless trees that splinter out of the ground. It is winter, but the sky is summer-blue and cloudless. He watches the country speed past through half-opened eyes from under a fringe of dark hair – he woke up a good fifteen minutes ago but he hasn’t found the energy to actually sit up. His chin leans against his chest and his arms are folded, and Dean hasn’t stuck a spoon in his mouth or anything, so all in all it’s a very comfortable position.
“It wouldn’t be hard to find someone who wanted Lucifer out again,” Castiel says.
We'll encounter a lot of OCs in this chapter and the next; if that's not your cup of tea, rest assured that we're returning to the main cast shortly. :)
“So you really don’t remember anything?”
“They’re both fine, Susie, but I’m going to have a talk with the boy after they finish eating.” She scoops ice cubes out of one of the freezers and pours them into a glass, then heads to the water dispenser. Susie follows, curiosity insatiable.
“I think they stock them at the diner. Oh, land, I should call Valerie today and tell her about all of this.”
After she hears the door close upstairs, she turns to David with pursed lips and a pensive look.
Val chokes on her cookie momentarily, and clears the blockage with a swig of milk. “I thought you’d like to see him first.”
At six in the morning, heading to Adelphi, Roger picks up a kid on the side of the road who doesn’t know his own name. It looks like he’s been sleeping on the ground, what with the grass sticking out of his hair and the dirt stains on his shirt. He’s got a lot of theories: lost hiker, kidnapping victim, escaped from a caretaker, victim of a prank gone wrong. Maybe Roger’s the one being pranked – maybe he’s on candid camera. He doesn’t know how much entertainment an old trucker can give the people nowadays. He’s picked up hitchhikers of every creed and color in his time. Nothing is a surprise anymore.
“Cas?” Lee humened.
“Hey,” Dean snapped, Cas’s gaze immediately darting to the other.
Claire looked to the ground, her bare feet cold against the kitchen tiles as her fingers fiddled with the paper she held behind her back. The words were on the tip of her tongue yet she couldn’t bring herself to whisper them. Her mouth dry and a heat crawling up her neck.
He can still feel the spiral of emotion coursing through him as he opens the hood and begins working on the engine. A feeling Dean no longer would call anger, he didn’t so much as burn from the inside out, but felt as if he was being torn apart, dull pain piercing every inch of him. Stabbing at his heart and tearing the air from his lungs as his thoughts continue to spiral.
“Charlie!” Dean snapped. He looked up from the coffee machine he’d been glaring at and instead to his friend who leant against the counter next to him. Her own expression somewhere between concerned and apologetic. “I told you I was comin’, I’m not gonna miss your birthday.”
“Then why didn’t ye?”
"My car's still at the club, how am I supposed to get it?"
Most of all he hated that they always seemed to end up sitting next to one another as Cas broke and Dean was left to watch.
“Hear.”
“I don’t know what he’s doing here.” Mathew continued as Sam looked back to the other, teeth chewing at his bottom lip
Dean stepped forward the slightest, towards Castiel “are you sure?” He asked, his eyes glanced across Castiel’s face, his eyes, the cut across his forehead, the bruising across his lower face.
I don't know this isn't my favourite chapter, I don't know if I like how it came out, but oh well, not everything can be perfect
It was large, with white walls and golden trimming, along them, and the roof, though unlike earlier when he and Dean had come to practise their waltz, it was no longer empty. People now filled it, everywhere, men and women with their gazes locked on him. All dressed to perfection, all expecting perfection.
Through the ringing of his ears he could hear the music blaring, only broken by the occasional voice that was a little too close for comfort.
“Look,” Dean said, voice raising. “If he’s trans I dont care- I don‘t but i’m not going to date’im.” The words were coming out frantically as Dean spoke, desperate for Charlie to understand, for her to stop pestering him. His dad would be waiting and John hearing the conversation was the last thing Dean needed. “I’m not gay.”
Sam didn’t reply, though as he let out a shaky breath he turned to face Dean. “Take off the sunglasses.”
“Cas, livin’ with abuse, that kinda shit, it fucks kids up.”
“No,” Dean insists, looking back to the other. “I’m going to do it.”
From his right he can hear Cas shifting through his binder, papers flipping slowly, then the soft scratching of a pencil. It’s the only sound that fills the car, Dean’s own mind spinning too much to talk, stomach heavy at the very thought of his essay.
After a second the door was pulled open, revealing a very annoyed looking Logan. “What the hell!” he yelled. He quickly closed his mouth though, as he seemed to realize what he had done. “Sorry Dean- it's- it’s been a rough morning,” he said through a half laugh, running a hand through his hair. “You know how work gets.”
Cas’s frown deepened, as he tilted his head to the side. “Are you sure?”
Pain.
Dean rolled his eyes at his brother’s stubbornness. “Ellie,” Dean asked, “do you think your dad looks like a hobo?”
As if someone had handed him a weight and demanded he swam.
If didn’t hadn’t gotten into the fight. If he could have controlled himself. He’d fucked up, and now Sam was paying.
“I met his boy a few years back.”
He placed his glass of wine next to the wall then began tugging off his first heel, able to hear Dean stand as he did it. The second heel soon followed.
No monsters.
“Castiel Novak, would you give me the honor, for more moments, more memories, and the time to find the proper wording, by marrying me?”
Not even a small movement, some kind of indication that Dean had heard him.
“I’m getting the prescription.”
"Next weekend?"
"How are you staying so f*cking calm! Our babies are in there! Our- Charlie!"
Dean passed over the money, then took the small bags stuffing them into his own pocket. Without another glance Dean turned on his heel, walking as fast as he could to get out of the bathroom, and back into the crowded club. People surrounded him, the music blaring as he pushed through the crowd, desperate to get to the bar, a task that would've been much easier if it wasn't for the vodka martinis he'd downed when he first arrived.
“Then you can walk”
The man raised an eyebrow, as he looked Dean up and down, Dean’s own gaze dropping down his body, to the old t-shirt and faded jeans he wore. “I don’t know your boyfriend, but I have reasons to believe price isn’t his biggest concern,” he paused, finally stopping his judging look and giving Dean a forced smile. “And that you should be putting your money in other aspects of your life.”
A hand was pressed to his shoulder, and Dean immediately turned, meeting Lee who had a wide grin across his face. “You good man?”
“What do you have next?”
Dean jolted back from the toilet, eyes snapping open to meet Jack who stood at the other end of the bathroom, one arm wrapped around a stuffed bear. “Hey Kid,” Dean hummed, forcing a smile across his face despite his pounding headache.
He grabbed his keys, shoving them into his jeans pocket, before he checked his other for his phone. “Not for that,” Dean mumbled. No matter how much he wished it was, even if it had only been only a day since his last use, it was a day too long, a day too long away from the euphoria, stuck instead with depression and exhaustion. “I’m getting ice cream with Cas.”
Sam smiled nodding his head. “Yah,” he picked up one of the guns that attached to the machine, raising it slightly, “Dad would have to drag us away every night.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And when did you start using more frequently?”
Dean grabbed his phone from the dresser top before he left his room and began his walk down the hallway. The closer to the staircase he got, the clearer voices became; at first too muffled to hear, though once he made it down the staircase the fighting was clear.
“Yah Baby, You.”
“Three years.”
“Brother, you gotta calm down.”
He forced himself to take another breath as he herd movement behind the door, and then with his heart leaping to his throat, the door was pulled open.
For a moment he thought he’d imagine the noise, the room stood in such silence it was impossible to imagine anyone else other than himself there. Soon another small noise came, and Dean turned, looking to the corner of the room where a large Christmas tree was placed.
“Sir!”
For his first mixture, he took the time to pour the alcohol into the wine and drink from it. By his second mixture he found it quicker to drink directly from the mug, and by the third he couldn’t completely remember. Had he even added the vermouth, did he still drink in the kitchen or had he moved to the living room. Either way it didn’t matter to Dean, he got what he wanted, black out drunk, and for the first time since his overdose, he slept through the night, not once distrubed by nightmares.
He couldn’t say any of that, it wasn’t fair to Cassie, and so, money.
“Cas,” he yelled, running forward. “Cas!” He pushed hIs way through a couple, and then reached his arm out to get Castiel's attention.
“They’ve gone through enough,” Sam said. “You’re unreliable, you're being selfish. You make promises to Ellie, then break them, You ignore John.” As Sam spoke his voice raised, until it cracked at the end. “They deserve better.”
At first Cas didn’t reply, his gaze going from Meg to Dean, then back to Meg. Lips pressed in a tight line as they had a staring match.
Lots of love, paige
“Well maybe if you weren’t such a pretentious di-”
Dean gave the smallest nod of his head. His teeth grazed his lower lip, his nose scrunching slightly as he could feel the tears begin to form, the cold air only making it harder to fight. He wasn’t gay, the word itself weighed on his heart, turning his stomach in absotuly disgust, at himself, at his thoughts, at even the possibilty.
“Uh,” Sam brought his hands to his face, pushing his hair behind his ears. “I haven't dealt with a parental abduction case recently, but I think Logan could be facing ten to fourteen years of jail.”  Sam hesitated for a second, eyes glancing across Dean in a way that Dean assumed was concern, or maybe dread. “That is if Cas chooses to press charges.”
No reply.
“Dean-”
Dean’s lips spread into a grin though before he could reply, Jack had lent away a wide grin immediately spreading across the child’s face. “That one!” Jack practically screeched a hand raised pointing to the right. Dean’s gaze quickly went to the tree Jack pointed to, a large pine that stood at least double Dean’s height, causing him to crane his neck to even get a glimpse of the top.
“Maybe two- or… did I say three?”
“Dean, it was never your fault, a systems failure isn’t your fault.”
Sam only nodded eyes still on his sobbing daughter. “Can you-” Sam took a forced breath, “Can you get John, I’ll talk to their teachers.”
The rest of dinner went much the same, Sam and Ellie talking about their days while Dean, and John kept their heads down, Dean occasionally sneaking glances at the young boy. Without his puppy dogs, he looked even older, wearing the same worn expression as Sam. One Dean had seen across his own face, since he was young.
Both Cas and Jack looked up to Dean, Jack already frantically nodding his head. He let go of Cas's arm, and ran to Dean, looking up at him. "You don't have to Dean."
Lots of love, Paige
“Are you sure?”
Dean took a hesitant breath, though even as Sam paused Dean didn’t dare speak, or even move. “You’re an addcit,” Sam continued, “and don’t give me that fuckin’ it’s not like i’m doin heroin line, your doing heroin, you’re doing coke, you’re killing yourself.”
“Okay.”
Something. Anything. He just had to speak.
Dean raised a hand to the back of his neck, as he glanced around the shop, unsure exactly where to look. He could see a few people glancing their way, mostly women, with a look of pity, and sympathy. Probably thankful for once it wasn’t their own child making a scene.
“Come on.” Cas finally looked away from the direction Dean had walked off and back to Sam, the other man already stepped towards the crowd.
Claire pressed her lips together, her gaze darting over her grandfather's features which sat in an unreadable expression, though definitely not a pleased one. “You don’t like him?” She finally decided.
“Yah, I also know your cranky in the morning.”
It wasn’t normal to crave it.
Sam stared for a moment, Dean only staring back until Sam turned away, walking back to the doorway.
“My apologizes.”
His gaze stayed there until he could hear Cas’s footsteps returning. He quickly flipped the other’s phone over, placing the glass of scotch down,a dn instead grabbing the paintbrush, before he rushed over to the wall, he’d started on, just making it as Cas returned.
Air barely leaving his lungs, hitched in the back of his throat as he waited for the burning sensation to come back up, though when it never did his eyes fluttered back open.
Dean’s eyes stayed locked on the other man’s as he took a step forward, chin tilted up and back stiff though he still stood at least a head shorter than the other. “‘Cause you’re a bitch,” he spat.
“My friend says he’s bi.”
They didn’t speak after that, the car sitting in a heavy silence, not even the low music enough to break it. Each shift, each breath, it was all too much. Felt too wrong, too stiff.
Drug use
“You could have died.”
The words crushed upon her as she sat motionless, crushed under the pain of things she couldn’t even describe.
I hate this chapter so much, with every inch of my soul but I’m so done with rewriting it so yah, here it!
“In LA,” Dean called, words seeming to hang through the silent apartment. He looked to Sam, the other still sat in the living room.. “You said you’d changed your mind about me being with Cas, why?”
Dean had faced pain before. Some people were just meant to suffer, and it seemed Dean was one of them. Meant to spend his whole life fighting, bloody, and bruised, suffering for a reason he hadn’t figured out.
Even with his clothing in hand he didn’t start getting dressed, and instead took a seat on his bed. His eyes on his lap, stuck on the dark hickey that bruised his inner thigh.
Dean sighed, he should have seen that coming.
Oh well I guess? I'm sorry!
Cas proposed.
“Well then let’s make this as quick as possible.”
“I understand.”
“Actually,” this time Dean stepped closer, leaving less than an inch between them, close enough that he could smell the perfume off of her, and see the faintest dust of glitter that covered her cheeks. Feel the warmth of her skin. Dean glanced once again over her shoulder, though he didn’t meet Cas’s eyes as the other had quickly looked down to Jack.
“Dean,” Sam began slowly, “it could’ve happened to anyone.”
From his right, over the low chatter of people, he could hear the sound of footsteps approaching, though his gaze stayed on his boots until an all to familiar voice spoke.
He fell back into his bed, eyes wondering from Sam’s that was across the room and to the ceiling above. Studying the white popcorn pattern through his hazy vision. Tears never fell, instead his jaw clenched and he squeezed them shut tightly, letting out a shaken breath.
“I know.”
There was something incredibly right about cooking with Jack. The child constantly babbling to himself, or insisting that he could do whatever step Dean had just begun. A smile always wide across the child’s face. It was gentle, innocent, warm. Something Dean wished he could do every morning.
Dean had just turned around when Sam cleared his throat, stopping him in his tracks. He turned back raising an eyebrow at his brother, who shifted awkwardly. “Dean,” Sam began, his eyes never met Dean’s instead studying the ground.
“From the day I met you, you were different. You were kind and patient, and you loved everything so much. And you had me amazed. I couldn't understand how you could do it, find the good in everyone and everything, you made games out of traffic jams, and brought homeless people for lunch, even when I told you not to. But you never cared what others thought, or said, and you loved with every inch of your being. I never thought I could have that, but when I’m with you, I do. I love you with everything I have, and everything I am.”
“Did he tell you anything?” Deans only shook his head in reply. He took another sip from the glass, his gaze dropping from the window and to the oven’s clock. The numbers 8:16 lit across the screen. “Does Cas know you have him?”
“Dude,” Dean replied, an easy grin spreading across his face, though there was something about it that didn’t seem right. “It was yesterday, I'm over it.”
A shift came from through the door, and Dean's breath halted, glancing down to the bag at his feet. “We’ll meet you at the car.”
“Cas-“
“Yah,” Jack cried, he let go of Dean’s hand and pointed towards the closet. “In sere.”
Dean stood up, letting the blanket fall from his body and to the ground. He walked across the room, and pushed his way through his brother, who took up most of the doorway. fucking giant. “Shit Cas.” Dean cried once he finally got a look at his friend. He raised his hand to touch the others face though he quickly lowered it. Across the right half of Castiel’s face blood dripped from just above his eyebrow covering most of his right cheek and eyelid. His right arm was brought to his chest, while his left was wrapped tightly around Jack, who was sat against his hip. Jack’s face was buried into Cas’s shoulder, his sobs loud. “What the fuck happened?”
"Here, Dean stopped walking. He pulled the wallet from his waistband pulling out a ten dollar bill, there were a few bills left, enough for Sam's dinner and two bus tickets. "Buy each of us a burger."
That was all that passed before Dean stood, and without hesitation through a right hook. His fist colliding with the side of Azazel's face.
As Dean spoke he collected his clothing, replacing Cas’s towel for his boxer, followed by his jeans. Cas’s own gaze following the other, unable to look anywhere else.
“What?” Dean’s gaze darted across the other's features, surely disbelief across his own. He waited for a laugh, for another argument from the other, anything, though as the seconds ticked on nothing came. “Really?”
He already had all that, even if the cat was a little bitch. He didn’t need someone new, he needed Cas.
He didn’t speak again instead watching in silence as Cas walked across the porch, taking a seat next to him. “Hey,” Dean finally whispered, his gaze once again meeting the others.
Without another word Dean turned away, walking back through the hospital.
Dean only gave a small shake of his head. He was too exhausted to be awake, never mind think of a party, especially one that involved him not being high. Instead he began walking across Lee’s bedroom, a dull pain coming with each step.
It continued on for another ten minutes, Dean aimlessly wandering up and down various streets, while Castiel and Jack followed close behind until they came up to a small record shop. It couldn’t have been much bigger than Sam’s living room. The center of the room filled with bins of records, while the left wall was hung with guitars and the right with stacks of cd’s, across the back a man was standing behind a desk, aimlessly flipping through a magazine.
Dean who had hooked up with more girls than towns they lived in. Who spat slurs like it was nothing. Who was as far as Sam had ever thought was nothing short of straight.
One, two, three.
His eyes snapped open, though his heart continued to hammer, gaze meeting the front window of the car, and outside the dark night. The car didn’t spin, in fact it hadn’t even left the road, and instead they were stopped just in front of the side road, the trucks tail lights far in the distance.
Five more minutes, and the boiling of his skin would be unnoticable, the racing of his heart welcoming, and the ringing of his ears similar to music. Just five more minutes till he had his drink in hand.
"Thanks you!"
“Cas i’ll keep sayin’ it! I love you, I love you, I love you more than the stars, and then sun and that other thing in the sky. I love you more than that guy loves that girl. I love you.”
Lot's of love, Paige
“Rehab,” Dean began, “I’ll go.”
Each time had been tears, silent and slow.
It was still definitely games, toying with his feelings, playing with his heart.
“Look daddy!” Jack cried. He lifted his fist, the pancake in his grip torn and crumbling, “I maked it.” Jack stretched his arm further as Cas walked to him, leaning slightly to be closer to Jack's height. “you can try!”
“I love” Dean whispered, as he held her. There was a crack in his voice that had Claire squeezing her eyes shut, focusing on his warmth. On the way he held back just tight enough to know he wasn’t leaving.
“Go to your room.” When Dean didn’t move John’s fist collided with the table, the silver ware clattering. “I said go to your fucking room!”
A smile tugged at Dean’s lips as he continued to watch the child. His fluffy blond hair that had  been done in a ruffled mess, his pouty expression, and the way that he’d gone back to playing, flying his teddy bear through the air. “Hey kid,” Dean began, “how ‘bout you play with Ellie, and John while I talk with Sam, and then we can play together, does that sound good?”
He wanted to hold the other in his arms, for as long as he could. Kiss him as many times as he could. Feel the high that still buzzed through his mind.
The process was slower than he’d expected with having to move the ladder every second clip and swear at a fucking cat that had tried scratching Baby’s tires; Though if the owner hadn’t been watching Dean would’ve done a lot more than just swearing. Between it all he’d spent the time trying to fight off frostbite, his fingers almost burning against the cold air and his usual pale skin becoming a soft purple. Which as far as Dean knew wasn’t normal, but hell he wasn’t a doctor.
Sam’s lips parted as his gaze darted across Mathew’s pale hair, and dark hair, before he looked to the next boy, Jason, and then the next Christian. He finally looked back to Mathew, still unsure how to reply. “What about class?” Sam finally mustered
“Even fuckin better.”
Dean’s jaw clenched, his fingers once again resting against his pocket. From his right he could hear Crowley shift, then the clearing of his throat. “And is that it?” his manager asked.
Dean shook his head. He took a step back from Cas walking towards the hallway to grab his shirt and jacket. “Fine!” Dean called over his shoulder. “It’s your fuckin problem!”
“You don’t know how much it hurt,” Dean finally whispered, his voice raw, the pain raw. “Watching you die. Every time was worse than the last, and every time I swore it wasn’t going to happen again,” Dean continued, “but every time- Cas I can’t do it again, please man.”
"Yah." Dean replied, an easy grin still across his lips, "Is it about my boxers?"
“Nothing to be concerned about,” Cas says, as if he can sense Adam’s discomfort. Well, he’s an angel, so he probably can.
“Well, that’s the last time you remember looking at a calendar, isn’t it?”
“Did you have a family?”
After a moment, Cas looks up. “Hello,” he says. It sounds guarded. Dean frowns, and sits on the foot of the bed across from him.
Michael nods numbly. It’s nothing he didn’t expect, but hearing it confirmed is… different. “Okay. And you think something different?”
“So is he... okay?”
Martha wonders for the hundredth time who on earth this boy could be.
“Yeah,” he croaks out unconvincingly.
“Jesus.” He leans back in his chair. It’s difficult to take the deep breath he knows he needs.
Half of him wants so badly to say yes, because his bus doesn’t come for another hour or two and they’ve been so kind and warm and he doesn’t quite know what it’s going to be like without them. Cold – he’s been cold. And mindless, just trudging forward. Nowhere to go. No one to go to.
“Right. The Devil.” There’s a long pause before he says, “Can you – what was Michael like? I mean, I don’t really… I thought they were nightmares, but I guess…”
“He had a beard,” he says. “Dark hair. Uh, green eyes. Always wore heavy jackets and jeans. Kinda blue-collar getup.”
“So,” he says. “What were you fighting? I’m assuming it’s some kind of spooky monster thing, given the whole…”
“It’s a good thing that old lady was a gossip and a half,” he sighs, swinging the driver’s side door shut. Michael buckles in. “I asked after you and your mom, but she’s from the next town over, so she wouldn’t have known you two. She says the last owners of the house were murdered. Seemed weirdly proud that she was brave enough to move into a property like that.”
Castiel isn’t what he thought an angel would look like. In church, they’re always wearing long white robes or medieval armor, and they’re always clean-shaven, with flowing blond hair. No wings, no harp, no nothing. He just looks like a regular guy in business casual. He guesses that’s usually the case, though – didn’t Pastor Young say that angels could appear human to avoid frightening people with their true forms? Come to think of it, shouldn’t Cas be some kind of physically impossible ox-headed winged dude, or something?
Martha puts a hand on his shoulder. “Even if it’s not real, it sounds like something quite frightening happened to you.”
Adam sighs. “She was a nurse. I wanted to go to med school because of her. And now she’s gone, and I…” He shrugs. “I’m probably not going back to college, huh?”
The forest grows thinner and thinner and he can see now that the road runs between the feet of gentle hills. A house stands on the side of the road, two stories, white siding and blue shutters. The lights are on inside, on the second floor, and the curtains are drawn, but faint silhouettes move back and forth behind them. Laundry flutters gently from clotheslines in the yard, linens and shirts, dresses and pants. The sun is low in the west at the end of the valley and is quickly sinking, broken up by the spreading trees standing here and there around the houses. Suddenly he feels exposed – he is naked, after all – and he takes care that no one sees when he slips in between the clotheslines and takes a pair of jeans and an old, worn shirt. The shirt is gray and says
“What does that mean?”
“Are you okay with that?” Sam adds gently. “It’s a lot. I know.”
Kevin returns and they proceed back to the car to debrief. He looks pensive. It can’t be good news.
“Yeah. Just give me a sec.”
Eggs, toast, coffee, newspaper. David really only reads the finance section, so the rest of the paper is handed over to Michael in hopes that it will jog his memory a bit more. It’s a local paper, so global news isn’t much of a concern, but Martha has half a mind to just set him in front of their television for a few hours. That ought to be enough to bring something up, if she’s getting the correct impression of these younger generations and their screen-watching habits. For now, he seems content to furrow his brow and let his coffee go cold while he looks through the classifieds.
style schoolmistress. But she doesn’t say anything for fear of what Martha would call “impropriety.”
He starts the question again. “Are you—”
Michael scoots back against the sink and lets his head fall back against the cabinet doors. “I guess you have a point. But I don’t know what that means, if I did.”
Sheepsquatch, though. Sheepsquatch was exactly what it sounded like. A woolly, sheepy sasquatch. Good job, West Virginia. It had never actually hurt anyone, despite reports of torn-up vegetable patches and a minor assault on a car, but apparently it had started terrorizing hikers on the Appalachian Trail and tossing them off particularly steep paths and also biting them to death with its foot-and-a-half-long fangs. The headlines were predictably gleeful in their use of the word SHEEPSQUATCH.
“Michael,” the kid interrupts. “My name… is Michael.”
He shrugs. “I don’t really remember. It’s been, what, nine, ten years? Probably Princeton, Harvard, Cal Tech, Cal Poly, Duke, MIT, Berkeley, Stanford, that kind of stuff. I had the grades for it. Didn’t get to write my application essay, though. That’s when all of this started hitting all at once.”
“Uh, yeah,” Michael says. “We live – lived – alone. My dad was kind of gone, I guess.”
Martha has a lot of those hunches, and she usually turns out to be right, so David simply nods and keeps eating. Martha herself gets up to pour some more water into their glasses.
“If you were, I would be decapitating you, not giving you a ride.”
Kevin shoots him a dirty look. “Okay, well, we don’t know who’s doing the hiding and who’s doing the seeking, or if this is even the case. It’s just a hypothetical.”
“Thank you,” he mumbles, getting up from the table. She can see his bare feet, the soles dark with dirt, as he walks across the diner and pushes the door of the bathroom open, disappearing momentarily.
He wakes up to the door opening, and the smell of breakfast.
He thinks that this is the farthest he’s been from home. He’s pretty sure about that. Mom being constantly on call didn’t leave much room for leaving Windom, much less Minnesota, except for holidays. Most of her family lives in Wisconsin and Iowa, but they never drove out to visit them or anything. She did her residency program in Windom and… pretty much stayed there, he guesses. After having him.
“Hate to burst your bubble, but almost every angel I’ve met has been a scheming asshole.”
Internal injuries might not be a joke to Mr. Asshole Driver or the EMTs, but anything that comes out of Michael’s mouth seems to be. He has a sulk of moderate length and intensity in a shock blanket while the ambulance takes him to the nearest hospital and a confused technician checks him over again for broken bones and signs of internal bleeding. Under the lights of the ambulance, he sure
“Mothman?”
Reluctantly, he leans the rake against the wall and slips his hands into the pockets of Rodney’s jacket. She can’t quite tell whether he looks guilty or suspicious or simply put-upon.
“I dunno. People don’t just crawl out of the afterlife for no reason. And there’s the whole thing about…” He makes a vague fireworks gesture toward Adam.
“Good, because if you dropped me off at a serial killer’s place, I would haunt your ass.”
“You made it out all right,” Dean observes quietly.
Kevin blows out a long breath while dialing Sam’s number. “I’m guessing it was Castiel’s angelic presence.”
The faint panic has settled down and morphed into curiosity. Michael turns in his seat to look at Kevin straight on. “So, are zombies real?”
The cold air settles in his jacket and a chill races down his spine.
He wishes they could have figured it out a long time ago.
A thought occurs to him, sluggish and unwieldy, that even he doesn’t really know who’s dying here. Who he is. Who his parents are. What he did before waking up in this field. Michael. Minnesota. Doesn’t even know his age. His shoe size. His address.
He stares at Kevin. “What?”
On the day Castiel goes down to fight the Behemoth, there is a strange silence in the air. Even his footsteps sound muffled when he walks to the Impala in the early morning. He eats breakfast as the sun peeks over the surrounding forest, then takes a bottle of water back to the car. There is a single ring of cloud in the sky, perfectly circular, hovering in the distance. He turns it into his guiding star, and soon he crosses into Mount Rainier National Park through a tunnel of dark green pines. He pulls the car over in one of the parking lots and takes a map from the information kiosk, trying to figure out which valley is under the smoke ring. Eventually he picks out a trail that runs around several of the most likely areas and starts walking.
He shakes his head. “I… should get going.”
“I’m on the phone
“Whenever Allison gets off from school. Family trip. I want you to come.”
Dean puts his hands up and shoots a look at Sam, who starts cleaning up the table. Kevin finishes his beer and heads to the kitchen with Sam, leaving Adam alone with Cas. They both stand up in awkward silence.
“Well, all right.” He puts his arm around her waist. “You have a good heart, Martha. I’m sure it’ll all work out somehow.”
“He is happy.” And Cas really did smile then. “He shares a heaven with the Harvelles.”
“That would have made it interesting,” he grumbles. “We’re almost there. I’ll fill the tank again at the next turn-off, and then it should only be, like, an hour or so.”
David leans back in his chair. “I think,” he says slowly, “that we should figure this out in the morning.”
It’s kind of a blur from there. The sympathy of the world has run out, maybe. Michael manages to play on the sympathies of truck drivers and passers-by who’ve been down on their luck before. The world shrinks down to gas stations and the roads between them as he coasts on the power of sheer hospitality. It’s probably four or five days napping in fast food chains and in passenger seats, scrounging up change for food, surviving on Dixie cups of water. He’s young, so people have sympathy.
When they enter the room, Cas presses his hand to the wall, and a web of symbols lights up from behind the wallpaper. It looks like some seriously occult shit. Adam’s skin crawls as he examines the fading pentagrams and sigils.
“Okay. You gonna get in the front seat?”
There was Beth’s key in the door, and then Beth, dark hair pulled back and discerning eyes wide with surprise, stood in the doorway. She stepped forward and hugged him, and he hugged her back, and they stood there for what seemed like hours before she pulled away, reaching out to touch his face. Her fingers came away wet. And Beth, to whom he’d told everything, who had come to know him very well, knew what was wrong before he said anything. She held him and they stood in the kitchen until it was time to pick Allison up from school.
He spends a week drinking in scummy, smoky, poorly-lit dive bars where the whiskey is watered down and every bartender is an ex-Marine. He doesn’t talk to anyone except to hustle some locals at pool for a couple bucks, which is converted almost immediately into alcohol. It’s easy to let the drinks burn down his throat and smoke up his brain. He doesn’t think, just drives from place to place on the long, straight roads of the midwest and ends the day at the bottom of a bottle. He avoids the headlines, doesn’t allow his mind to linger on the issue of Cas – until he gets thrown out of a bar in Colorado for picking a fight.
Being around Castiel, he found, was like being shaken awake. And as a consequence he found he’d been dreaming. He’d missed – this. Whatever this was. The whole body of their history laid out behind them, the wars and silences. The blind trust.
“No. Going home. Or at least, I was.”
“Yeah.”
The angel nods shortly.
“Dunno. Hundreds, maybe thousands.”
“I’m sure Harry would consider this lunch, and he’s in good company,” Martha says primly. “Now, Michael I’ve heard you’re the boy who took my husband’s shirt off the line.” She takes some glasses from a cupboard. “It doesn’t quite fit you, nor do those pants. I think we might have to get you some new ones.”
Sam made a noise that sounded like what he just said, but annoying and stupid.
“Fuck you, Cas.”
White light. “I remember some of that.”
“You got somethin’ to say?” It comes out more gruffly than he expected.
He rubs the bridge of his nose again. “Uh, John. John Winchester. He was a car mechanic, travelled a lot. I don’t know where he’d be now.”
It didn’t feel quite right. He should have been a mess, he knew that much.
He gets to see an angel crack a smile at that. “A similar thought had occurred to me.”
The snallygaster, or so the locals said, was half-lizard and half-bird, with a metal beak full of sharp teeth, and one horrible eye in the middle of its forehead. It had wings like an eagle’s and four taloned feet, yellow-and-black striped scales on its skin like armor, and a long whiplike tail. It drank human blood and ate chickens, but the bloodsucking part was the main concern.
“You know, just a word to the wise, prophet to – apostle, or whatever you’re calling yourselves these days – I’m retired. Even if I
The kid gets that weird look on his face again and falls silent. Kevin checks the clock. It’s 4:32 and they’ve only been on the road for two and a half hours. They’ll be passing through Illinois and Indiana. Now there’s nothing but hilly, dull expanses of dead grass and bare trees on either side of the road, almost indistinguishable in the darkness. He’s never lived in Illinois and probably only been on one hunt in the state, but he tends to keep to the Northeast, anyway.
When he wakes up this time, there is something different about the world. The sky is gray, but so bright that it hurts his eyes; he raises a hand to cover them and is startled to find that his arm is damp, that specks of dirt and splinters of dead grass cling damply to his pale skin.
The field is empty and quiet but the earth shivers every so often and sets the leaves rustling. He stands at the edge of the clearing, chest heaving, breath leaving his lungs in puffs of mist. It’s around two in the afternoon by the sun. He shades his eyes, trying to find the stone they stood on. He locates it at the other end of the clearing and heads for it. The tremors get stronger and stronger as he crosses the center of the field, and he stumbles a few times. When he looks up at the ring of clouds he sees a star shining bright in the blue sky. He doesn’t know why, but it fills him with a sense of foreboding. When he climbs up on the rock, the earth shakes once, so violently that he lies flat on his stomach to avoid falling off. It happens two more times and then there’s nothing for the longest time. The sun begins to fall. He shivers. Wonders how Cas is doing, or if he’s dead already and he’s going to wait out here until the world ends.
A pause.
Michael half-sleeps in the back seat, duffel bag by his side. He only wakes up when they hit traffic as they approach a suburb of Columbus and slow down, moving from traffic light to traffic light.
He folds his arms and leans back in the folding chair. “What’s your name?”
He was six when his mother first took him to his grandmother’s grave. She had been cremated and the ashes had been placed in a niche, so there was no headstone. TRAN BICH-HANG in white letters, and a year of birth and a year of death, and nothing more than a small pot of sand with broken sticks sitting in front of it.
he protests silently as his body slowly starts to realize that he’s not dying.
“What are you doing?” Kevin follows.
The comments from last night are still sitting strangely in his head. “What does that mean? You keep talking about Dean and Sam like they’re, I dunno, cursed.”
He rubs at the dark shadows under his eyes in an attempt to restore some circulation, then leaves the rest stop with two large coffees and a bunch of granola bars for the road. The late autumn air is freezing on his damp face and wakes him up like a slap to both cheeks. The poor dinged-up Camry is sitting in the parking space where he left it, with lots of concealed weapons and one kid with a wiped brain. Wild to admit that Adam is chronologically older than him, and should be around, oh, thirty by now. He still looks and acts like a teenager, though, for all the world.
“You on the run or something, kid?”
He leans forward, suddenly expressing more interest. “Describe it.”
“If both of them got to come down here, they’d end up destroying the world. So I refused to let Michael use me. I didn’t know they were gonna get you as a backup, and I sure as hell thought we were going to be able to protect you from them.” There’s some bitterness that creeps in at the end, which Adam appreciates, because now he can start blaming people for the weird shit that’s been going on since he woke up incredibly naked in a random forest in Ohio, but at least he knows this guy feels kinda bad about it, maybe. “Did Sam tell you about his memories?”
Spring Mill is a very small town. The population, Adam estimates, is probably just under two thousand. The town itself is nestled in the Allegheny Mountains of West Virginia (or so Kevin tells him) and there’s a river flowing somewhere nearby. The buildings are pretty small-town, some of them more upkept than others but all of them worn. Once they pull off the main street, the houses are very humble affairs, verging on run-down. There aren’t very many people here.
He nods and raises his eyebrows to himself. “He sounds like a swell guy. No issues.”
He looks up at David with uncertain eyes. “I just – don’t know how to describe it. Like, it doesn’t make sense. There was a voice, I think, but it wasn’t a person’s voice, and everything was… I felt like someone flipped me inside-out and I was seeing everything through the back of my own head.” His voice cracks, jagged and terrified.
It takes him a few rings for him to pick up, and by then, Kevin is ready to reach through the speaker and strangle him.
“Hey, Susie, can I take that table?” she says quietly, catching the other waitress’s arm. Susie wrinkles her brow questioningly. “I’ll explain later. Just take my next table. It’s important, I promise.”
“I’m George,” he says.
He went to the University of Wisconsin. He was nineteen. He could swim. He was a lifeguard once at the community pool. Drove a pickup.
“Mm-hm.”
“There’s something strange about him,” she says, and Val prepares to retort with some facts. “I don’t know what it is. Not bad, but strange, still. I’ll keep an eye out for you, dear, and don’t worry about the other tables.” And she pats Val on the shoulder and leaves. Her words leave a sense of foreboding at the bottom of her stomach.
She gave a small nod, her gaze once again going back to Dean. She took a step towards their son, letting her hand fall from John’s as she continued to walk away.
“Come on,” Dean whispered, giving Cas’s arm another pull.
She shoved her pencils back into their case, then closed her binder before pushing the desk chair back in a loud screech that definitely scratched the wood floors. She’d apologize for that later, for now she needed to be away. Away from Cas, and away from fucking Dean. Away from the pretend.
He looked down as they walked, unable to look to his brother, his gaze staying on the thin layer of snow that covered the sidewalk. He could hear Sam’s low breaths, the shuffling of his brother putting his textbook away, and then tenseness, as if Sam wanted to say something though couldn’t find the words to.
David sidesteps the apology, unease filling his stomach. “What did you dream about, Michael?”
“Girlfriend?” Kevin guesses. “Boyfriend?”
Adam shakes his head. “Man, I thought recovering from amnesia would be cool, but remembering shit actually sucks.” His head thunks against the window and he stares angrily at the passing scenery.
“There a problem here?”
thanks for your lovely comments so far! hope you enjoy this chapter. we're ramping up!
“Do they know about me?”
“About… six, I think.”
The police department is a squat red brick building that looks extremely inoffensive, and he’s about to protest being left in the car again before he remembers Martha talking about her no-cops hunch. Out of respect for the old lady whose son’s stuff he lost, he is nice and quiet and stays in the car twiddling his fingers while Kevin marches off to bamboozle the boys in blue.
It’s a neutral question, but he’s at least got enough brains in him now to know what he’s actually asking.
“Not really, no,” he admits. “You can drop me off in St. Paul or something, doesn’t matter. Somehow I just know that’s where I need to be.”
Someone ganked it, much to the relief of moonshiners all over Maryland, by painting heptagrams on the walls, doors, and ceiling of an abandoned barn, then luring it inside with a couple of live hens and cutting its head off with a machete. There was nothing left but a charcoal smear on the floor by morning, and the chickens were returned unharmed to their coop.
“It’s hard to explain. I can see things that normal people can’t. It’s not ESP, it’s not clairvoyance, it doesn’t work half the time, but when it’s obvious, I can kind of pick up on whether someone’s… off. Like if someone gets possessed, that’s a little more obvious to me than a normal person. But, again, whatever you have on is kind of messing with my antenna.”
Castiel nods gravely. “The spiritual essence of them. I have been able to safely neutralize and contain his memories, but it was difficult, and he still remembers everything that happened. He simply doesn’t suffer the other effects.”
Kevin looks over at him. “What are you remembering?”
Michael cracks one eye open and hears a sigh of relief. He strains to look up. The man is still wearing his Seven-Eleven uniform.
time. Unless trouble comes knocking, we have to pick a contact first, set up a meeting. We can take a couple days, reach out through the network.”
Something occurs to him. “You said that hunting is your current job. What did you do before this? Were you just… some college kid?”
“Thanks, I think,” he says instead.
“I’ll be right back with your coffee,” she says, nodding.
superstitious, if I recall.”
Scott puts his head in his hand, elbow propped up on the table. “So you need to get to St. Paul. I got some cash, if you need it, and I can drop you off at the transit depot.”
. Something heavy slams down on his head and for a few good minutes all the thoughts are knocked out of his brain.
The first thing she does is call her in-laws to make sure that they’re not dead and that this boy and this trucker haven’t murdered them and taken their clothing – which is her first conclusion, of course, since she’s always been a worrywart – and gets confirmation that the shirt is, indeed, missing; Martha thought she’d misremembered putting it up on the clothesline. She’s about to be angry when she hangs up the phone, since the boy is clearly a thief, but something about him is… well, disarming. He looks around with wide eyes like he’s never been in a restaurant before, and he’s clearly too small for the clothes he took from her in-laws. He doesn’t have shoes on, either, and she thinks she can see dirt on his face and grass in his hair. Maybe a thief, but maybe for good reason.
“It is extremely not okay, honey,” the wife says, cell phone to her ear. “You could have internal injuries. Just stay still, the doctors will be here soon.”
“I’m fine, really. I—”
The kid’s stomach grumbles again and he winces apologetically. Roger waves it off.
Secondly, wouldn’t it be great to not be freezing his fingers off? His feet aren’t doing great, either. He has half a mind to go up and knock on a door, any door, and ask to crash on a couch. But he can’t imagine any other outcome than an awkward stand-off at the door. Who’s going to let a random kid into their house at this time of night?
“Wanna call the cops?”
There’s a lake nearby, of course.
“What happened to
“It’s for
He seems to take a moment to digest this. “Are they older than me?”
It’s kind of terrifying.
The gap between them closes, slowly, with glances and touches and shared meals. Dean’s never been good at apologizing; Castiel is good at being apologetic, but as always, he’s bad at phrasing things well. It doesn’t matter. They’re a good match that way; they don’t have to say it to know that they mean it.
“How long has it been since you woke up the first time?”
“Dogs. Okay. What’s your mom’s name?”
“I see,” David says again. “Well, there’s – no hard feelings. Maybe we can figure some more of this out over dinner.”
“No, that’s okay. I’m totally fine.” He kind of does feel like he got hit by a car, but it’s not physically apparent. At least, not that he can tell.
Funnily enough, he does. “John.”
if anything, he didn’t know. Family, for a Winchester. He’d never seen God, just good people and monsters and sometimes a mix of both. Sometimes he wished for the amulet back, just to see, but Beth wore her rosary and scapular with such confidence and faith that hanging around her seemed like a better bet.
Somehow, even though the muscles in his neck are suddenly immobile steel, he manages to nod.
They all sit down at the table, and Martha says a quick grace before they start to eat. At first he’s not sure what to ask – he’s never been too good at starting conversation – but Michael seems to grow more and more antsy until he has to let his question out.
“Hey, Kevin?”
said the small part of his head,
The last time is at night, and the gas station he’s ejected from is remote, to say the least. He doesn’t know where he is, just that he’s probably still somehere in Wisconsin, and the next town over is a couple of miles away. He decides he can probably get there in a night – just follow the road, right? There’s no pedestrian walkway, but the path he chooses doesn’t go along a highway. It’s local-ish. Four lanes and only occasional street lights.
“I have to get to Minnesota. That’s – I think that’s where my family is. I remembered just before I fell asleep.”
There’s a suspicious pause on Sam’s end.
Probably not that often. This is the longest they’ve stayed in one place, really. Not that it means much.
“Chances are that I will live much longer than the average human being,” he said slowly. “And I am stronger. But everything else has gone. I can’t heal wounds, I can’t travel like I used to. And I can’t hear their voices anymore, no matter how hard I try. I’m not human, but I am... no longer an angel, either.” He looked pensive. “I had wings, you know. I was cosmic fire and a hundred thousand eyes. No human mathematics could describe me or the way I moved. But things are simpler now. I am Castiel in a dead man’s body and I am biding my time until I die, in a century or two centuries. And to you that might seem like forever, but I saw the birth of the sun...”
“So I confirmed that your mom is still considered a missing person,” he says finally, drawing his coffee cup towards him. “But that’s only because they couldn’t find a body. There was a lot of blood in the basement and signs of a struggle – broken lamp, drag marks, severed restraints – but there was no one there. They scoured the surrounding area for miles without finding any sign of a burial site. According to the cops, it’s likely that her body was taken and disposed of across county lines. They had no idea where to start, since no one could think of anyone with a real motive to kill her.”
The boy flinches and almost drops the casserole, startled, while Martha comes over to kiss him on the cheek.
His dad’s just – he travels for his work, he’s not a criminal or anything, not that he knows of.
“Some exceptions. But even they are…” He groans and waves his hands. “Complicated. It’s all really complicated. Anyway, the fact that you’re alive probably isn’t
He doesn’t really want to think about that, but Windom is the only place-name he remembers right now. Where is he going to go if not there? He doesn’t really want to drive around with Kevin forever – sure, he’s a nice guy, but his day job involves shanking actual vampires. And to be honest, he wants to be someplace familiar so he can start
“No middle name registered,” Kevin says cautiously. “So. Do you have any idea what’s up with that?”
Dean blinks. “Where?”
Adam leans back, folding his arms. “Okay, so… what were the other effects?”
Or he could just stay on this bench and get hypothermia. The holes in his shirt aren’t helping.
Adam tries to trace the flimsy logic. “So I’ll be safer… with the guy… who tried to kill your mom.”
He waded deeper, feeling the grit on the soles of his feet as the water numbed his calves. He’d rolled his jeans up to the knees but they were getting wet anyway.
“Nah, I did, just not on the day. Can’t complain too much, either. Usually my dad would show up around that time, and it was the only time I ever got to see his deadbeat ass.”
“Thank you.” He sounds so sincere that she feels compelled to embrace him. Rodney was like that, too – genuine, and as well-mannered as she could get him to be.
I come back? Isn’t there  supposed to be some, like, grand moral judgement? Saint Peter ushers you through the Pearlies or boots you down to the lake of fire, and that’s final, right? So. Why.”
After the initial surge of fear of the unknown, hitchhiking is actually incredibly boring, he finds. And it’s probably not the best idea to fall asleep in a stranger’s car, but what’s he going to do, stab him again? So he takes a two-ish hour nap, regardless of the janky suspension that bangs his head against the window.
“I think mobility will be our primary advantage for now. We may eventually need to move to the ‘Bat Cave’ if the threat is large enough, but immediately locking ourselves down in a known location is unwise.”
“Two weeks,” Cas says. “And then you’ll be here, or you won’t. Your choice. I’ll do it if you don’t. Think of this as a... courtesy call.”
There’s a weirdly tense pause, and then Sam takes the wheel again. “Uh, we’ll get them settled in, and then… I guess it would be better to do it now, before Allison gets home? I mean, Beth might not want to see it either, because of the… you know.” The last comment is directed at Dean, who nods.
“I’m Michael.”
His vampire-hunting chauffeur quickly finds his way onto the highway going south, and from there he practically cruises. Once they’re firmly lodged in the flow of traffic, Kevin taps his fingers on the steering wheel and asks, “You remember your street address or anything?”
“And who’s that?”
“Uh, no, I don’t think we have,” he says, and reaches out to shake her hand. Why is he shaking her hand? “I’m Michael.”
except for that one thing he does not will not cannot think about which is beating at the makeshift walls he’s put around it.
Adam nods, and Kevin thinks he might drift off again, but the thousand-yard stare is gone and he seems to be processing all of this new information.
“Must have felt like the end of the world.”
of something moving through him. It feels like a punch in the face, and he barely manages to catch himself on his elbow before he falls back onto the bed. It’s not the same. He can’t feel the shapes, the celestial clockwork. His head is burning with invisible fire, but there’s no pain. He forces himself to sit back up, to breathe until it becomes tolerable again. It ebbs away, slowly, until he can actually think again.
“Yeah, I never doubted that,” Kevin says testily. “It just proved you had no idea what was going on. That was a good sign, to be clear. You weren’t out for my blood, and you weren’t asking for any favors.”
The flutter of wings catches him off-guard. He turns his head to see Cas sitting next to him, trenchcoat and all, unruffled, like there isn’t a war going on right now.
“We’re not sure.” Dean takes the reins back. “Maybe supernatural PTSD. Like Lucifer was still connected to him in some way before Cas cleaned up the memories.”
“So was I kicked out? I thought that was a one-way ticket.”
“I’m... sorry,” Castiel ventures after a while. “About Sam. If I’d known –”
“I couldn’t care less who he looks like,” not-Kate-Milligan says, brushing a wisp of blonde hair behind her ear. He looks up at her as she stands in front of him. She glances down at him contemptuously before she speaks again. “But John Winchester made ’em cute, at least.”
“It’s that time of year again,” he drawled. “I guess this is the last train to the Mysterious Beyond.”
“Some arcane ritual. Put some blood on a bone and stabbed their boss in the neck. He exploded, and it was over just like that.”
“I told you, it was complicated. He had reasons, and it didn’t work, anyway. It won’t affect you. Especially because you’re family to him. Whatever happened between me and him is just personal.”
“You don’t have any aunts or uncles who would be ecstatic to have you back?”
“Oh, you want me to provide
“You’re hiding something.” Adam presents this as a statement, not an accusation. Kevin can feel the guy’s unblinking stare drilling twin holes in his face.
in all of that,and then shit like this happens and you wake up like you blacked out after a night on the town, except something was inside you and you didn’t even know it. You can’t trust your own body, your own brain, because you can’t fight something you don’t know is coming, and people could die.”
“Jesus doesn’t count.”
It’s weird but Michael decides not to press. It’s a high-stakes job and there are probably reasons why their conversations don’t go through a predictable emotional range. He doesn’t want Kevin to knife him and then dump his body on the side of the road because he pressed the wrong button.
“I’m fine.”
“Lunch,” she says. “And dinner.”
“Do you want to do this today? It seems like you’re…” Castiel gestures to his face.
face and folds his arms. Kevin sucks a breath through his teeth.
This one’s harder. He knows this one, like brushing off an old photograph found in the pages of an old book. It’s fuzzy and grainy and hard to make out because it’s so old, but he knows:
Kevin Tran makes a phone call leaning against the side of his dinky Camry, foot tapping out a tattoo of impatience on the parking lot asphalt. Michael-now-Adam is inside the car with some music playing for entertainment so he doesn’t go completely bonkers while Kevin is calling Tweedledum Winchester. He actually doesn’t have Tweedledee’s number, and he doesn’t feel like throwing out a line for the Cheshire Cas, so Sam it is.
“You shut up.”
“Dude, why are you asking me?”
“There’s a duffel bag in Rodney’s closet. I’d show you where it is, but my knees can only take so much of this standing-up business in the morning.”
The guy driving, some middle-aged dude who looks way too tired to deal with a hitchhiker, is not at all enticed by his offer of two dollars and change; he just shakes his head and jabs his finger toward the passenger seat. At least he doesn’t look like a murderer. Michael shrugs and hops up into the cab, wishing fervently that he didn’t have to depend on the mercy of strangers to get wherever the hell he’s going. He also wishes he knew where the hell he was going. The guy buckles in, puts his coffee in the cup holder, and reaches over to shake his hand for some reason.
Dean,” Castiel says testily. “I think we’re all much better acquainted with the gravity of our circumstances now. Anyway, we would have to summon one of the more highly-ranked demons—”
He shakes his head.
“It’s a nice gesture, I guess.”
Somehow he musters up the strength to sit up and re-enter the car from the front. He doesn’t bother buckling his seat belt, even though he can see Kevin giving him the stinkeye before starting the ignition. What’s the point if he can’t die?
“He looks like you,” he says. “It’s the eyes.”
Dean shakes his head. “Jesus Christ.”
he snapped,and started putting the groceries away. Bag of onions, carton of milk. One bunch tomatoes. Two cartons of eggs.
“Nice costume.”
“Calm down, calm down,” Kevin hisses, grabbing him by the shoulders. Something in his brain snaps back into place and he chills out, taking deep breaths while Kevin turns the lamp on and sits down across from him, rubbing his eyes. Michael untangles himself from his sheets and sits up, head suddenly throbbing.
“How long is he going to stay here?”
It’s frustrating to not be able to remember any of this because he
“Sounds good.”
Fingers snap in front of his face. “Hey, eyes up front. We’re going to check out.”
took energy but
“You said you worked together. Were you friends?”
“And wherever I go... upstairs... downstairs... you don’t follow too fast. Promise.”
“You’re a very instinctual person, Valerie, and I admire that about you, as it’s something we share,” Martha says. She’s never been one to sugarcoat… well, anything. She turns her hawklike gaze back onto Michael. “My instinct is that Michael is a fine boy who has fallen on some hard circumstances, which might not be alleviated by the poking and prodding of policemen.”
Michael, who had been in the middle of taking a sip of water, almost chokes in surprise.
“Well, we did kind of did. It’s a pretty well-kept secret.”
“No. I just…” He bites his lip. “I just feel it. Like I need to get out on the road and find it.”
“Well. What are you thinking of? You’ve seen everything, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You and Sam and… other people.”
“I have idea why anyone would want to bring me back from the dead. I mean, my mom’s MIA, I got no clue what my dad’s up to…”
Pete grabs his other shoulder, too, keeping him firmly on the ground. “You’re not going anywhere until we’re one hundred percent sure you’re okay, kiddo, and that’s that. Internal injuries are no joke.”
But it was, in a strange way, simpler back then. I got your back, you got mine.
“What’s up?”
The doubts in the car come rushing back, along with a familiar pressure at the back of his eyes. “If I’m even me.”
For a while ther was nothing but the wet smack of raindrops against the windows and hollow drumming on the roof.
“You haven’t even let me speak.”
“I left Jimmy Novak,” he said later. “He’s sitting in a movie theater with Amelia.
From the bedroom, Kevin makes a sympathetic noise. “I don’t know how you survived that. I mean, I know what I said, but maybe it didn’t eat your mom. Maybe she survived.”
“But, uh, one more question. Does this mean God is real?”
He’s being very blasé about this. Kevin studies his face for a sign of, like, anything, before cautiously replying, “Yes. I’m guessing John told them about you before he died, or something. I told Sam to save the long version of the story for when we get there.”
“He’s like fifteen years older than me, and anyway, I wouldn’t date anyone who tried to kill my mom. I have
There’s a touch of pain in Michael’s expression. “Felt like I was burning up,” he says. “And that it wouldn’t stop, ever. Until it did.”
“Just curious.”
“Good to see you too, Martha.” They hug, and then she puts her hand on Michael’s shoulder encouragingly. “This is Michael, the boy who took David’s shirt.”
Other hunters sometimes can’t pin him as a hunter because of the way he dresses, which he finds hilarious. A clean-shaven (usually) twenty-something with close-cropped hair, kinda short, dressed like a college student? Not your normal fare. And Asians are pretty rare in the business, too. It does get him some flack, though, and he likes keeping to himself.
“Destiny, prophecy, fate. That whole genre.” He shrugs. “What’s your deal?”
the folk singers ask in staticky voices.
Before they bother the librarians, Kevin opens his laptop in a study area away from prying eyes and pulls up Windom’s local newspaper, which is hosted on a crowded and clunky-looking website.
So what the fuck was he doing now. Silence. Just the river and the buzz of a gnat.
“So,” Kevin says when he’s halfway through his salad. “This kind of depends on what we find, but I don’t think you should stick around here too long.”
And Cas told him everything he could, and couldn’t quite keep from being
“And the money is to keep you from starving, so I don’t want to hear anything about that.”
The silence in the car is deafening. Whatever he found out couldn’t have been good, or at least not mostly good. Michael tries to focus on the buildings they pass, to see if they trigger any new memories. They don’t. Eventually, Kevin pulls up in front of a place with a hand-painted signboard that says
in precise red letters. They nab a seat in the corner, away from the counter and the one teenage girl texting there, two untouched black coffees standing between them on the table.
This is enough. This is the apology, the admission, the oath of dedication. They both say goodbye to Sam’s headstone and travel over the dry yellow grass to the Impala parked at the curb. And with Dean riding shotgun and Cas at the wheel, the old things pass into the distance, and the sad scene of Lawrence rolls away.
“It’s not that,” he protests. “It’s just that… you’re the only person I actually know, y’know?”
said the Cherry River. He stood still.
Kevin stares at him, eyebags somehow more pronounced in the half-light coming through the doors. “I mean, you know you’re not just an average human being, right? I don’t have to explain that to you.”
“You know,” he said after letting Sam stew for a couple of minutes, “someday you’re gonna miss this.”
“Sometimes I forget that you’re still so young, even though you’re capable of so much. Sam wasn’t the first one to save the world. Sam’s not going to be the last.”
He walks a good, long while. It’s sunset by the time he’s firmly in the suburbs of the Twin Cities, the land of tire swings and long footpaths around small lakes. This feels a little more familiar, but he probably doesn’t live here. Wouldn’t it be great if he did, though? If he just peeked through one of the lit-up windows and recognized the people sitting inside?
He leans back in his seat and groans. “Great. So I can’t die, I have weird energy, and no clue who I am or where I’m from. And that’s a good thing, apparently.”
“No wings. At least, not visible wings. Angels take human vessels when they leave Heaven.”
“You okay, Sammy?”
It’s him. There’s no denying that it’s him. But there’s no way it can be. His name
“What? No. Ah-hah. That – yeah, no, he doesn’t usually go for that kind of thing.”
“We killed ‘em. Just so you know.” He looks extremely uncomfortable.
“Nah, man, you’re good. It’s just…” He shrugs and shoulders the duffel. “Let’s talk about it in the car, okay? I gotta check out.”
“I do not, strictly speaking,
“I have no idea what the hell you’re talking about.” Where’s the receptionist? She should be getting an earful right about now.
real.”
Almost ten months too long.
“I never saw those movies.”
He looks up, grimacing. “Guess so.”
“What’s the trouble?”
what either of them signed up for, and because neither of them apparently have normal fear reactions, they’re both wheezing and gasping for breath and wiping more tears away from their faces until Kevin starts making the time-out sign.
Cas is in the body of a middle-aged man but he looks ancient, with the air of a veteran about him. The same kind of world-weary tiredness that his father’s Marine buddies had on them, but tenfold. His edges are worn and he is almost gone, but he remains somehow, and he remains here. With Dean Winchester in an old hotel room with false wood paneling and appliances from the seventies, as if there is not a year of emptiness and spite between them. He wonders what Sam would say. Something comforting. He’s never been very good at that, but he supposes that Cas is used to it by now.
“I don’t know, you just do.” Kevin has a little laugh to himself and shuts his laptop. “Okay. Cop time. Good thing I shaved today, I’m gonna need a minute to change.”
Cas nods. “It’s all over now.”
Adam puts his beer down and wipes his hand on his jeans, then shrugs and says, “And that’s it? We just wait?”
“No exceptions?”
“You can read, right?” The trucker looks concerned. Valerie purses her lips.
“Yeah, I know. When my mom died, she didn’t leave the house to anyone, so there’s another family living there now. Good folks.”
“Good morning,” she replies, heading to the counter. “Do you remember if you drink coffee?”
He doesn’t know why, but he’s terrified.
job, Dean – saving the world.
“What?”
Adam clearly doesn’t believe him, but shrugs and doesn’t push any further. Kevin appreciates that. “How long have you two known each other?”
The kid has about half a pancake left of his short stack when the vague, headache-y discomfort he’s been showing seemingly explodes into a full-fledged migraine. He presses the heels of his hands into his eyes and groans, propping his elbows up on the table, food completely forgotten.
“No.” How the hell is Sam less awkward than his brother?
“Maybe. It’s just a hunch.” He drags his fork through the remains of the casserole on his plate, deep in thought.
Sam stared at him for a good minute. There was a little smile playing on Cas’s lips as he sipped from the bottle and he wasn’t sure –
“You seem well,” Cas called. “I thought you wouldn’t be back for a few hours.”
He runs another search on Google for “michael milligan,” switching from “missing” to “dead” to no avail. LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter – either his accounts have already been deleted, or he just didn’t have a social media presence.
“I’ll be fine, Dean.”
and stuff. “It’s all protective. And none of it is connected to an entity.”
“You expected some kinda backwoods guy in jeans and flannel and a camo jacket?” There’s a hint of amusement in Kevin’s voice and it doesn’t go unnoticed.
Something itched under his skin and he didn’t know what. A memory. Dean sitting down on the opposite motel bed with Cas by his side and saying
Dean throws his arms up. “Yes. Thank you. That’s what
“That’s one of the things we’ll have to discuss. Dean said that the last time he saw you before you were possessed, you were running from Michael and not in the mindset of a consenting vessel.”
“Sleep well?” Kevin doesn’t take his eyes off of the road.
“—possession, torture, getting dragged back into hell, being lied to, being lied to and then stabbed, getting stabbed and then dying—”
Kevin shrugs. He doesn’t want to elaborate about the Winchester curse or anything like that. “We just fell out of contact.” That’s the easiest way to explain how Sam Winchester works. “It was a bad time for everyone and we just kind of went our separate ways. But now there’s you, so I guess I’ll be paying him a visit.”
“Don’t forget to change your oil sometime soon,” he called as Cas pulled out of the driveway.
“Good,” he sighed, and coughed again, a thin, rasping noise. “Cas, the Impala’s parked in town... keys are in the front pocket.” He tapped his jacket with a finger. “If you crash her, Sam’ll beat the tar outta you.”
“I don’t know.” He shivers, but Martha can’t see any goosebumps on his skin. “A nightmare. I mean, it had to be a nightmare, but it felt real… I’m sorry for waking you up.”
“Sixteen and a bunch of months, but who’s counting.”
Below a black-and-white picture of a kid who looks exactly like him – short light hair, long face, wide eyes, strong chin, high cheekbones – is written:
The duffel is gone. The money in his coat is gone. He’s still got the two scraps of paper in his pocket, but he can’t get up. Too tired. Pain deep in his muscles. Can’t get up, can’t call. His right lung flutters with each breath, like a wind sock. Almost feels like the knife is still in him, twisting.
Castiel doesn’t contact him. Dean is sure that he knows he’s there, though, and he tries to go about his business as usual to show that he’s not worried. Except he is worried. And he thinks about praying, but what is he going to do? He can’t fight, won’t fight anymore. Lisa made him feel this, years ago, like he couldn’t pick up a gun again, but not in this way, not because the fight had gone out of him. He’s an old dog, now, no good for hunting anymore, who would rather lie by the fireside and sleep. Three days pass in a haze of cold air, smoke from the fireplace, and black coffee.
Kevin laughs. It’s a weird laugh, like he’s sad and amused and a little bitter. “Kinda. It was an interesting time. But, hey, you’re supposed to be finding things out about yourself, right? I should be asking the questions.”
He processes this for a moment. “How about… fairies?”
“It’s not just a gesture.” She lifts the necklace out of the box. It’s a long, thin loop of black leather knotted through an iron disk about the size of a quarter. Both sides are intricately engraved, although he could never quite make out what it was supposed to depict. “She used to wear it while travelling. Said it discourages evil spirits from following you.”
“What’s your deal, dude? Is this your schtick, going around to waiting rooms so you can hand out advice nobody asked for?”
“I kind of remember what it looked like,” he says.
“Yes. But it’s a courtesy, isn’t it?”
“Nine days before your mom,” he says. “Huh. What are the chances?”
hope y'all are staying safe during these trying times! wash hands, do a good social isolation practice, #flattenthecurve etc.
“I can teleport.”
“I must’ve been mistaken.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Michael says tentatively.
“It just sucks that I can’t help more,” he says. “You seem like a good kid, Michael, so take care of yourself.”
Kevin, who has remained conspicuously silent up until this point and has mainly been sipping aggressively from a mug of coffee, interjects. “And is this a known location?”
“Adelphi?” Roger shrugs. “Little town. Has a diner that we’ll drop by. By the sound of it, you’re hungry.”
“So I take it you don’t like Sam all that much,” he says, because Kevin is doing a really poor job of hiding it and he doesn’t want him to accidentally drive them off a cliff in a fit of explosive rage.
his elders. His table manners are certainly better than Roger’s, at least. Whoever raised him did a fine job. Deserves to get their son back.
“Just my mom. She passed a couple of years ago. It was peaceful, though. No monster, no spirit, nothing. Just... normal. It’s basically unheard of for a hunter who has any family left, but she could keep herself safe. She knew a couple of tricks. I had some cousins, too, but we never really kept in contact.”
Dean snorts. “Oh, it is.” Cas shoots him a withering look.
“Yeah. And? Still want me to stab that fucker in the face?”
“My things?”
She flashed him a smile. Beautiful. “Better. I’m glad.”
“Look. So long as you keep coming to me with this
“I have nightmares about Hell, I think. Sam’s usually there, but not always. And… Saint Michael, apparently.”
“Dean,” he replies. Dean nods, wary.
Dean turns to share a glance with Castiel that he can’t see. When he looks back at Adam, he looks a little wary. “Okay. I’m Sam’s older brother, Dean, and I, uh, met you. A long time ago. Twice, actually. One time it wasn’t you.”
The thought continues to spiral as he sits with his hands covering his face, staying that way until the passenger door is pulled open.
"And the other one is June" Dean chimmened in. Slowly he looked up in sudden realization, the smile that had seemed permanent on his face suddenly dropping. He looked to Charlie whose own smile was gone, she met Dean's eyes for barely a second before looking down to her lap. "Where is she?"
Two fingers down the throat, and he could eat whatever he wanted, as long he made sure it came back up.
He was alone, with a bloody handprint on his jacket sleeve. No Cas, no empty, and no changing his mistakes.
Dean’s head immediately turned at the sound of his name, his breath hitching as his eyes met Cas’s. “Cas,” Dean barely whispered, continuing to stare at the other.
Dean gave the smallest nod before he turned away, walking back to his spot in the bleachers.
“You left for fifteen years,” Claire finally whispered, the words barely coming out. “And now I’m supposed to pretend as if everything’s okay and I can’t.”
I don't think I've said so I just wanted to thank you guys all so much for continuing to read this story, and comment, and be so kind, and just all around amazing people! I honestly can't thank you guys enough!
“Pretended I was okay.”
Finally something Dean could agree with.
Cas should probably shower, though he couldn’t find the strength, or the want to move. Instead he stayed laying, listening to the muffled sound of running water, and Dean’s humming, that at times would become low singing.
“Are you suggesting something else, detective...“
"She seems nice," Cas whispered, when Dean had taken a break from speaking to sit on the edge of Cas's bed and pull on his boots. A shaken breath filled his lungs, his eyes still on the back of Dean's head. He needed to speak, he needed to end it, he couldn't keep pretending him and Dean would ever be something more. That their hookups would be anything more than a way to blow off steam when Dean had a bad day at work, or Cas needed a distraction from the essay he was supposed to be writing.
He could feel the twist of his stomach.
He wasn’t fine, he was far from fine, but he wasn’t going to throw up, and at that moment that was enough.
“Come on, Ellie, your dad said we could only swim for a bit.”
“Hey,” Dean said, a smile once again across his lips, “I only coach winners.”
The statement comes like a sucker punch.
Cas looked back up from Jack to Dean, holding eye contact for longer than anyone Dean had ever seen, his blue eyes piercing. Finally Cas gave the smallest nod, he stood back up carrying his son to Dean and then placing him on Dean’s lap.
He pushed a few dimes into the phone, then pressed his thumb to the number's, as he brought the phone to his ear. A ringing filled his head, his heart still hammering against his chest.
Slowly he raised his hands, lacing his fingers with the other’s and letting Dean pull him to his feet. His own socks slippery against the tiles, sliding slightly as he stood.
He was radiant.
He sighed when footsteps grew close. "Can you just fucking leave me alone," Dean snapped, no longer able to handle the constant press. They'd followed him from his until he was far out of LA, and that was what he hoped was the last of them. Apparently 1967 Chevy Impalas don't blend in well. "Do you want an autograph? Or money?" Dean's eyes snapped open, his mouth quickly dropping as he stared at the elder woman in front of him.
Safety reasons, that’s what they had said when Dean asked for one.
“How are you doing?” Dean finally asked, words coming out as breathless as he felt. He looked up to other, meeting Cas’s intense gaze, his face covered mostly by shadows.
Things around them start to seem familiar. Street signs, houses, the distances between turns. He doesn’t even realize he’s tensed up until his arm starts to ache, and he unclenches his hands and takes a deep breath. His nails have left red crescent marks on his palms. He can’t pin the source of his anxiety down because he doesn’t
" by Mae, respectively.
“I—” Well, what’s the use of keeping the cards hidden? What does he have to lose? “Yeah. I know.”
“Anything. Like, what’s the last memory you got back?”
“Don’t thank me yet, dude.” Kevin takes a sip of coffee, and he seems nervous, although Michael can’t even begin to guess why. “You were right. Kate Milligan had one son.”
Kevin grimaces and shuts his laptop. “This is the kind of mystery I’d rather unpack on the road. It should only be a couple of hours until we get to your place, anyway.”
“What?”
then what part of this was grieving? It had washed over him and he had kept being a father and a husband and a friend. They’d agreed, no chasing each other through hell again, no sacrifices, no deals.
“Good morning,” he says, stifling a yawn. There are dark bags under his eyes.
“Uh, but I’m always running, I think. Away from someone. And that’s Michael, I guess.”
And then there’s a fist in his hair pulling him backwards, keeping him off-balance, and a click. A punch to the gut, to the ribs, no air, but it’s just a punch, he’ll be fine – and then he sees that the other guy is staring at him from what seems like a mile away, face frozen in horror.
“Adam?”
I know what I said about updating "in a few months," but I finally managed to watch The Episode and was motivated to clean up this chapter. I guess I have mixed feelings about it? Great performances, but if we're all supposed to have closure after a single episode, man, I dunno. Anyway! Hope this provides some intrigue. I still can't promise a consistent update schedule, although I currently have about ~30k+ more written that needs to be made presentable before posting, so who knows!
He shrugs again, rubbing at his eyes. “What’s to say that I’m not?”
“Okay.” He turns the radio up until it’s banging around inside Michael’s skull. The lengths a driver will go to stay awake. “We’ll be there in two-ish hours.”
Dean can feel his eyebrows skyrocket off of his face. He spreads his arms. “Then why the hell have you been bothering me about it?”
“Bloody Mary?”
And that’s that.
in heaven just a little bit, that although no one down here knew who got in or got left out for sure, there was at least some kind of invisible Oprah Winfrey Show In The Sky going on and Dean had been awarded a ticket to paradise by virtue of having martyred himself time after time for his shithead little brother.
“I ain’t gonna argue with that.”
For some reason, that question freezes him. Not even the muscles in his throat can move. Every muscle in his body has locked up at the mere thought of
with a bunch of dots at the end. So Dean stands there, hands in the pockets of his jeans, staring right back at him.
“Uh,” he says, because rude, even though he literally looks like he got run over sans tire marks, and also because he gets the feeling this guy’s not even talking about that. “What d’you mean?”
“So… wouldn’t it be a better bet for you to just turn me loose and jet?” Kevin gives him a look, so he clarifies. “Not that I’d want you to, just… I guess it doesn’t make sense to me.”
“He’s the prophet. He prophesies. It’s an important job.”
“Cool. You can tell me the long version later. You haven’t moved since the last time I saw you, right?”
The lights inside are bright enough to make him squint, and the LCD menu screens – wow, fancy – don’t help. He stands there for a couple of minutes, thumbing through the five bucks and change in his jacket pocket, before ordering a coffee and sitting down in a booth. Not too different from the bench, but it’s warm. He stares down at the white lid, then presses his fingers against his right eye, where a headache is just starting to form.
“That’s true.”
seems kind of inappropriate for an icebreaker, but it only takes a moment of eye contact before the younger guy rubs his eyes, gives you a once-over, and asks you a question.
A car door slams in the driveway, and there are voices muffled by the walls of the house. Kevin swears again, loudly, says something incomprehensible to him, and then he’s gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kevin nods as he turns them around, heading back into town. “Okay.” He reaches a hand out across the center console, and Adam takes it. They shake hands. “Nice to meet you, Adam.”
Michael squints in the half-light and combs through the memory like it’s so many pieces of shattered glass.
“I mean, that’s kind of true, right?” Kevin tucks his hands behind his head, scratching thoughtfully. “You’re not supposed to be nineteen and alive. You’re supposed to be dead. And after you die, Heaven or Hell claims your soul.”
“I’ve lived most of my life on trust, and I don’t see why I should stop now,” she says mildly. “Call it a religious feeling. A hunch.”
Cas stares at him. He doesn’t seem confused. It’s one of those stares that says
“Well, he’s a fallen angel. Not like, you know, Satan, but he’s kind of been excommunicated from Heaven, and he also basically married into the Winchester family. It’s very
“I haven’t shown you everything.”
Ordering food goes pretty much the same way as ordering drinks did. Roger hems and haws for a moment before getting the breakfast special with eggs over medium, but the boy just doesn’t say anything until they start making specific suggestions. He doesn’t know what he wants. Even this simple menu seems too overwhelming for him. It’s as if he’s coming from a different civilization, like
“The hell would I talk to him about?”
Well, there is some distance. Kevin engages him but doesn’t
Michael stands up when he stands up, and Roger reaches out to shake his hand.
It is so, so familiar, the rows of houses that aren’t quite uniform, the quiet neighborhood with open lawns, tall trees everywhere. The city is laid out like a grid, cut through with the serene Des Moines River. He
“Goddamn,” he gasps.
Not-Mom breathes in deeply and he realizes that she’s
“Oh, so it’s a joke. Funny.”
C) Ask for money since he doesn’t have any.
Dean stares down at the half-finished burger in his hands, thinking he won’t answer this time, but he’s never had time to install a filter, so why start holding back now?
“Spring Mills, West Virginia. It’ll take about a day with no rest stops, but I’m used to long drives, so it’ll be fast for you.”
it feels like he’s spilling out of himself.
“What happened?”
The waitress chooses that moment to stop by.
“What’s your favorite color?”
Dean’s eyebrows go up. “How do you know that?”
He sleeps on the bed and Cas watches the television with the sound muted.
She grins. She rucks up his shirt and he tries to get away from her but all he can manage is a terrified, hoarse scream and a pathetic wriggle.
He leaves the diner and takes a deep breath as the doors swing shut behind him. It’s good, fresh mountain air, and the sun is shining bright. He tugs at the bill of his cap to shade his eyes as he walks back over to his truck.
“You okay?”
He heads into the men’s room at the gas station and does his duty, then washes his hands and wipes them on his jacket and when he glances up he sees his face in the mirror. He needs a shave. Interesting. He pokes at the bags under his eyes, and runs his fingers through his hair, which is getting a little longer.
that Dean had finally gotten what he deserved and no more of this life-on-earth bullshit, no more eternal weight of the world. He couldn’t imagine it, though, and wanted to ask Cas every single question he could think of – what was he doing, what was it like, who did they see, everything
But it’s probably not. Something is afoot.
“Up until now, we’ve been working on the assumption that what happened to you is the same thing that happened to Sam when he left the Cage.” Castiel leans forward, elbows on his knees, hands laced. “But you’re already very different. I have to suppress my grace around you. There’s something about grace itself that makes you react… negatively. But that’s the source of my power, so we’ll have to figure out the nature of the reaction and what causes it.”
“No idea. But, I mean, if I was in – either, or something, why
“No offense, dude, but you reek,” Kevin yawns from the bed, where he has already burrowed beneath the covers. “How long were you on the road before you got hit?”
She put her hand over his, stroked her thumb across his knuckles. “I might visit my grandparents soon.”
“Why doesn’t it make
Martha unties her apron and folds it up, placing it on the counter. “He’s lost almost all of his memory. We haven’t been able to figure out how he ended up here.”
Castiel looks uncomfortable in Jimmy’s skin. “I wanted to – apologize,” he says haltingly. “The last time we spoke... I made some demands of you that were – perhaps too much.”
“All right, honey,” Susie sighs. “But you’d better tell me everything after.”
Castiel takes his hand, and it’s so familiar he thinks he’s going insane – not his hand being held, but the invisible glow, the
“Come here, Michael.” He does, and she lowers the necklace over his head. “It’s supposed to ward off evil spirits,” she says as he turns the pendant over with his fingers, tracing the engravings. “My great-grandmother wore it when she came over here from Ireland.”
After a brief but vicious fight, the tears subside, and Michael takes a deep breath. “Okay. What… what do we do next?”
Well, this blows.
and he shakes him off, whirls around, trying to find his bag.
It does not get better. Michael wakes them all up with his screaming each of the following four nights. On the sixth day of his residence in the Newman family home, they sit around the breakfast table, all of them clearly exhausted. Michael has deep bags under his eyes and he’s slouching forward over the table. David and Martha find it difficult to move around without various aches and pains flaring up. And no more memories arise.
“Honestly, yeah, like Dracula. It sounds stupid, but they do drink blood, and they have sharp-ass teeth, and they still look pretty much human.” He gives him that side-look again. “Don’t believe me?”
Valerie Newman watches as a trucker walks into the diner with a young man in tow. The young man is wearing a t-shirt that her daughter designed for their family reunion last year at Hershey Park. The front says
“Cas,” he said, because his friend’s eyes weren’t quite tracking anymore. Castiel looked back at him, and for a moment he could see how ancient he was. Billions of years as a warrior with divine purpose and he’d fallen for Dean Winchester, given up pieces of himself until this was all that was left.
“Like, Facebook ‘it’s complicated’?”
“About a month.”
“Why?”
They drive for hours, stopping occasionally to fill the tank – Kevin pays in cash at the counter – and finally stop to eat at a dingy Taco Bell attached to a gas station. Kevin’s a vegan, Michael learns, so he practically worships the place, and Michael lets him order for both of them. It’s another few hours to the middle of Minnesota, and by then the sky is dark and their way is lit by street lamps. Kevin powers through an entire performance of
The hammering of his heart beat through his body as he tore his grip from the steering wheel. He could still feel the leather against his hands even as he forced the drivers door open, and stumbled out, and crumbled to the cement ground.
As Jack turned away from the penguins, and began walking off to the next exhibit, Dean stood.
“You know.” Dean began, eyes lingering on Castiel’s face. The other’s eyes were still shut, a crease formed between his eyebrows, as he scrunched his face slightly. “I really thought I was going’ to be the one thrown’ up.”
Part of him wanted to lie, say he’d just woken up, that he had been asleep, though the lie didn’t seem to come. “Yah, I couldn’t fall asleep.” Dean’s gaze dropped to his glass for a second, the alcohol much easier to look at then Cas’s exhausted expression. “Sorry.”
Dean laughed, “awesome.” He stood taking Jack’s hand in his own, the child's skin cooling against his burning, and led Jack back into Sam’s apartment.
15 Days until Christmas
“Then why can’t you fuckin realize that, why can’t you-“ Dean’s voice faltered. What did he want to say, trust me, explain to me. “-Fuckin move on.”
They didn’t prepare any needles, or cut any lines at first, no matter how much Dean needed it, and instead made their way to Lee’s bar room for a game of pool. Though more often than not Dean who won, Lee was always willing for a round.
“Fuck yah!”
"It seems like lazy writing."
The taste burning.
When he began pushing the tree branches to the side, Ellie let out a loud screech. “No!” She sobbed, pushing herself further away from Dean and closer to the wall, her silent crying becoming loud sobs. “No!”
Dean took the stethoscope from his neck, and placed it around Jack’s, helping the child place the earpieces properly into his ears. Dean then lifted the chest piece pressing it to Jack’s heart. “Do you hear it?”
Dean could feel his heart drop as she began to silently cry. His jaw clenched slightly. “Let’s get you out of there.”
“Where the hell are you?”
Dean’s own gaze dropped down the other, before landing back on Cas’s blue eyes, vibrant even in the dark, the other’s lips turned up in a small smile matching Dean’s own. God he was in love with that boy. “Yah,” Dean whispered. “Much better.”
“Yes,” Cas repeated. Despite his words Dean stayed sat up, squinting in an attempt to see better. Jack’s sobs still echoed through the suite, though they’d become slightly muffled as, Dean assumed, the child buried his face into Cas’s shoulder.
Skip.
His eyes rested on Dean iin a harsh glare, one similar to Johns. One that caused Dean to almost step back and let his gaze drop, confess to stealing the wallet, and move on before anything else came of it.
Lighten.
Cas was allowed to meet other people. He knew it would come eventually yet that didn’t stop the pain from settling in his chest as everything he feared came crashing onto him. As the truth he’d spent months trying to out run caught up.
Dean only gave a nod in understanding, instead looking back to the ring, the smallest smile on his lips. The gem was the same shade as Castiel’s eyes, the black almost the same shade as his hair, it was so perfect the ring could’ve been made for him.
“Fine, maybe you don’t need time but Cas just broke up with someone he’s been with for years.” Well technically they weren't broken up yet, but Dean decided now wasn’t the time to point that out.
“Thank you for coming.”
Dean turns at the sound, forcing a smile across his face as Jack comes running towards him, a wide smile across the child’s and his arms out for Dean to pick him up. “Hey kid,” Dean hums, picking Jack and resting him against his hip. “Did you have a good day?”
Dean took a hesitant step forward so he stood at the hallway entrance. Cas didn’t look up, continuing to inspect Jack, while Logan only glanced to Dean.
“Dean,” He looked up to Cas, eyes meeting the other’s. “Take care of yourself.”
He could feel his heart in his throat, his breaths becoming more forced with each word Dean spoke. Stomach twisting as Dean talked about the girl he’d met at the bar, exchanging  numbers, the way her hips had swayed as she walked away.
“What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gave a forced nod before turning away from the other, one word ringing through his head as he walked back to Sam. Shit.
"Dea-" Castiel was caught off as Jack began stirring in his arms. "It's okay bee," he whispered to his son, running a hand across Jack's messy hair.
Another ring.
“I’ll paint a masterpiece, just for you to see if.”
“I did but plans changed, so I'm leaving today,” Dean paused for a moment. He licked his bottom lip, eyes darting across his brother's features, and then to the ground before going back to Sam. “With Cas.”
“Of course.” He gave Dean a small smile, “we should probably go inside.”
“Dean?”
Even in the large hallway they stood close. So close Cas could see the engravings of the buttons on Dean’s jacket, the freckles that scattered his cheeks, barely visible yet most definitely there, and the green of his irises. A vibrant colour that was scattered with lighter and darker shades, the smallest flecks of gold close to his pupil.
He continued to sing through the first verse, pausing for a moment to take a deep breath. His skin clammy with sweat, fingers sticking the slightest bit against the keys. It would go away if he was high, or at least be unnoticable, the depression, the nightmares, the exhaustion. He’d be okay if he was high.
“I know,” Sam brought his hand back to his hair, brushing the strands behind his ears, and for a moment Dean wondered if he’d be able to cut the strands with an ax. That would solve at least one of their problems. “it’s hard with Christmas coming up, and-”
This time, Cas let himself be led away, giving the woman a quick smile before following Dean through the crowd, and towards what Cas assumed was one of their fathers. It wasn't until Dean had brought them to the outskirts of the crowd that he realized Dean had somewhere else in mind, and instead of to their fathers he was led out a side door, into a much quieter hallway.
“Daddy, please!” Jack insisted, tears beginning to roll down his face.
“Dean?” Cas questioned. His blue eyes wandered up in down. Dean leant against the wall attempting to hide his gasps of breath, though with little success. His eyes went to Cas’s, the other man’s features soft, though that only lasted for seconds, before he pressed his lips in a tight line, straightening his posture even further.
Dean took a step towards it, continuing to do so until he was next to it, and was able to see Ellie through the branches. The young girl having pressed herself in the small gap between the walls and tree.
"As long as you're happy."
"He can have mine" Dean offered
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looked up to Dean, “of course.” For a second it seemed like he was going to stand up to say goodbye, though as he glanced back to Logan just for a second, he instead stayed sitting, giving Dean a small smile. “Thank you.”
“He had it coming.”
Dean took the pen, pressing the tip to paper though he didn’t write eyes resting on the rapidly growing dot of blue ink that began to form.
“Oh I did, if i remember correctly you replied with an ‘I know’ before hanging up on me.”
“I don’t know.” Dean finally shrugged, his eyes no longer watching his brother but the drugs, watching as they swayed slightly. He’d never planned to use it all that night, at least that’s what he would tell himself. He had control. He didn’t need the drug. He wasn’t addicted
Anyways thank you so much for over 600 read (that's insane!!!) It means the absolute world!! I hope you're still enjoying it, and I hope you all have a lovely week, and stay safe!
It wasn’t until he’d stepped out of the car and onto the streets that he felt somewhat normal. The cold winter air, burning against his cheeks, grounding him to the present.
I’m currently trying writing shorter chapters (more around 1500-2000) instead of 3000+. I think I should be able to get more chapters out more frequently and I also feel like the stories a bit more stable... but I’m not sure!
“We aren't dating,” Dean replied, tone suddenly harsher than before, underlined with something that Sam couldn't quite explain. “It was just a few dumb hookups.”
She couldn’t do it again, she couldn’t take anymore pain.
“Mrs. Butters” Dean greeted as the older woman reached them, her own face spread in a smile, corners of her eyes crinkling.
How Dean had been able to tell Sam, he wasn’t sure. Now the words seemed impossible. Him. Bisexual.
Shit.
“I was trying your hardest.”
Cas only gave a small nod in response.
Fear.
He hated the way Cas’s eyes burned against his own, the haze that covered them visible even through the darkness.
“Date?”
Once they reached the impala Dean leant against the hood, pushing his hands into his jean pockets. He tilted his head up, eyes darting across the murky black sky, not a star visible. From his right he could hear John's breath, low and steady, the grinding of gravel as he shifted and then once again just breathing.
That was the only thing Sam could think.
It wasn’t like Dean didn’t want to pay attention, he had tried, though the kids were awful singers, most simply screaming. It was painful to watch, never mind listen to, and it wasn’t like it was even Ellie or John’s class.
A breath parted his lips, then another. Seeming to shake his whole body.
“So you-”
Dean looked up, meeting Sonny's eyes, there was something to them, pity, concern, worry, either way Dean didn't like it. "Yah, I will."
“At least twenty three times, and it’s only been a week.” Sam replied, “when was the last time you’ve seen him?”
His eyes slowly fluttered open, traveling from the upcoming platform and to the bottom of the staircase. He could fall. Let his grip loosen and his weight lean back. It would be refreshing.
It was a nicer afternoon, the sky above a light grey, the air chilled despite no wind. It almost made walking down the busy streets enjoyable, almost. Even still Dean would have preferred Baby. The familiar leather against his grip, the slight rattling in the vent, the blaring of his music. It had been a week since the incident in Nebraska, and he hadn’t driven her since. No matter how much he wanted to, the idea terrified him, bringing a weight to his chest that made breathing almost impossible.
“Are you ready to get the awesomest Christmas tree ever.” Dean asked, grinning down to his son, as Jack grinned back with one of those wide toothy grins that made Dean’s heart leap in ways he could never describe.
“Yep!” Jack cried. He stretched his arms out as if going to hug someone. “Sis much!”
Cas’s gaze dropped back down Dean's body, his nose scrunched the slightest bit, something that if it weren’t for the fear, Dean would have thought was cute. “You are more than just a bit. Organ failure, a developing esophageal perforation, anemia, heart damage, malnutrition. You're incredibly sick.” As Cas took a small step forward Dean tensed. “I can fix it though it may take a moment.”
“I'm a dumb teen boy. I eat sticks and rocks and mud. I don't care about the government, and I really need a hug”
“Here comes the sun dodudodo.” Dean had never been a fan of the beatles. It had been Sam who first heard them, somehow at the age of six, finding the song and falling in love with it. It had quickly become his comfort song, something Dean would sing when a storm had begun, or Sam had woken from a nightmare. “Here comes the sun, and I say.”
A visible sigh lowered Sonny’s chest, as he took a seat next to Dean, leaving at least a foot of space between them. “I know you’re frustrated with me, but i’m not the reason your here. I’m just tryin’ my hardest to help you.”
“It’s alright.”
“Oh- yah.” He pushed himself from the wall, switching to another. He’d only been in the closet for a minute though he didn’t think he could stay for much longer, his skin itching with energy, to move and dance, and sing at the top of his lungs with the rest of the club. “I’m at my brothers, and you know kids, two rooms, couches. Closets are the only thing private.”
When Jack looked down to his own plate, Dean stood, making his way to the garbage, where he threw away the crumbled mess. Though he didn't sit back down and instead Dean lent against the counter, watching as Cas made himself a cup of tea. His dark hair still damp a few strands sticking to his face, lips pressed in a tight line, stance more relaxed than usual.
Shit he really needed to say something.
“Listen here you fucking son of a bitch,” Dean spat. His fists clenched at his sides, “If i was fucking guilty would I be standing here, would I fucking be standing here!”
Finally Cas’s gaze dropped, and instead he stared at his socks, his fingers fiddling with the hem of his pant leg. “In Chicago,” Cas continued softly, Dean’s heart dropping at the words.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Dean was sure the other had fallen asleep, he removed his arms from the other, and sat up, each movement slow, and careful. Getting out of the bed, making his way out of the bedroom, into the hall. He needed to keep himself moving, doing something, anything that would prevent him from falling asleep.
He took another staggered step forward, grabbing onto the microphone stand for balance, though as he lent against it it fell to the ground.
“I don’t think it counts as homewrecking if they break up every second month,” Dean snapped. “They’ll fuck and be fine.”
Dean smiled as Cas lent down using one arm to help boost Jack up, so the child stood on the ledge, usually meant for bags and tokens. Dean pulled out his wallet as Cas made sure Jack wouldn’t fall, placing a few quarters into Jack's machine and then the one next to it.
His hammering heart.
“If you let me love you.”
Claire shrugged. “He left us, he hurt dad, and I just-“ she took a slow breath. The words weren’t sassy to say, there were too many thoughts, too many reasons, and too many of them she wasn’t willing to say out loud.
“Hey,” Dean greeted when he was only a few feet away. Both Sam and Cas looked up from the text book they’d been flipping through, though Dean’s gaze stayed firmly on Sam. “Sorry I was late, my history teacher was being a bitch.”
“Food!”
The words were on the tip of his tongue. A plea for help, tears, anything to show the pain that had taken over his life.
“It’s good country air.”
to happen to me.”
“What information would we even give them?”
Dean watches it, holding his breath, until he sees movement in the center. Something much larger than a human being is stirring there. His heart sinks – Behemoth.
When the roar drains from his ears, he’s alone, bleeding out from two stab wounds, lying facedown behind a dumpster in an anonymous alleyway. It hurts. He can feel the blood draining from his body, and it’s a sickly familiar sensation. The slow drain of warmth from his body, the grit of concrete scraping his skin raw.
Martha’s own sense of reluctance to let the boy journey out on his own has completely eroded. She just nods, and then tells him to wait while she retrieves the amulet from the drawer in her room.
Like Dracula? Count von Count, that kind of vampire?”
He touches Martha’s pendant. “I stayed at someone’s place for a bit. She gave me an old traveler’s charm. I thought it was just a nice gesture.”
The ride to the bus depot is practically silent except for the fuzz on the radio. David’s hands rest on the bottom half of the steering wheel, fingers occasionally tapping on the worn vinyl. Martha’s eyes sweep over the empty road, over the dense forest that surrounds them on all sides, worrying about one thing and then another.
“Because you’re afraid?”
He shuffles out of the bedroom to the bathroom and washes his face. The hotel toothbrush he’s been using didn’t make it into the house, so he looks for a spare in the medicine cabinet and, surprise, there are actually a couple. He takes a nice green one along with a travel-sized tube of toothpaste and starts getting his act together.
He stares out at the lake, each glimmer of light making his head throb. Everything here is so familiar, well-worn, like the handlebars of an old bicycle. But he doesn’t belong here anymore, does he? It’s been ten years at least, and everyone must have moved on without him. They’ve smoothed over the missing Milligans, and life has gone on. He can’t just pick up where he left off. He died in the basement of his own house, and no one knows.
“I wasn’t busy,” Cas said, face full of quiet desperation. “I could have come.”
Castiel blinks. “Yes. My vessel’s name is James Novak. His soul is in Heaven, so he no longer has use for this body.”
“Small towns like these don’t change too much from year to year. Might not show too much.” David turns to her. “Maybe we should get him one of those Columbus papers.”
Night in late September finds him near Mason City, Iowa, sitting on the roof othe Impala with a handle of bourbon, looking over the expanse of silk-tasselled ears of corn covered up in dark leaves, the faint metal spines of center-pivot irrigators arching across the field in the distance. They look like the silver backbones of ancient monsters. He sits there and thinks about nothing, lies back and stares at the glimmering stars and thinks about nothing. Someone has put stacks of bricks on his shoulders and he can’t get up anymore. Even if they weren’t there he doesn’t think he would want to, anyway.
