And, crucially, what was the first thing the Doctor said about domestic!dream, long before he realised he created it?
. He tells them that he is really sorry about their daughter, which at an earlier point in the show might just be a classic Sherlock slip-up. But mixing up genders is actually something which happens quite a lot in this show, and it’s something drawn attention to as significant in TAB.
Taking a jump back to surface level plot here, the first thing that grabbed me about E!Eurus was just how minor John’s flirtation with her was. In the terms of a television show which really rides on very high drama (multiple faked deaths and insane cliffhangers for a start), the emotional peak of John’s emotional arc with Mary being that he texted another woman – not went out for lunch, not kissed, not slept with – is bizarre, particularly when we know next to nothing about E!Eurus at this point. It’s incredibly anti-climactic as a means of John falling short of Mary’s view of him. Maybe we can accept it as in line with John Moral-Principles Watson, but it’s difficult to accept as in keeping with the nature of a show whose intent is nearly always to shock.
Mycroft. The smoking scene in HLV. If we wanted to, we could jump back to Sir Boastalot as well, but the original ‘dragon slayer’ quote happens when Mary is nowhere around. There isn’t a way to make this callback work without either saying it’s a ‘coincidence’ (really?) or postulating some sort of dreamscape. Here, the dreamscape works perfectly, because it’s the hero image that Sherlock is working to break in this episode, and these iterations come first from his brain (Mycroft) and secondly from hypothesis Mary – even as he’s trying to crack her in various versions in his mind, his subconscious is warning him that he’s wrong. We moved from supervillain Mary to Mary-who-needs-protecting; neither of these are particularly relevant.
Did you, Mary? Did you know?
in a way that other plot-level ideas haven’t. [@ eurus holmes. anyway]
, or you can just look at this picture to be honest.
, which has similar themes. I don’t think this is anything particularly interesting beyond an attempt to reference the defining work in the field of it-was-all-a-dream film and tv – David Lynch and Mofftiss and Victor Fleming are the only people I can think of who can actually make that plot look good. But this Tibet moment, particularly as we’re going to be hit by another reference to Tibet later, underlining its importance, I think is a reference to this scene (
perfectly. She fits the patterns that Sherlock expects to see in his deductions. Mary does not – our first point of canon divergence. It sets up a painful parallel between John and Mary and the couple from
“You seem distracted, love.”
Sherlock gulped. Was he so transparent? He turned to her, but before he could force out a garbled denial, Mummy continued:
The next thing we get is a flashback to Tbilisi, and the ambassador asking ‘who’s they? Seems we put an awful lot of faith in they’. It’s difficult not to read this as a reflection on tjlc and how most of us have been feeling for years now, whether or not this is intentional! She also says that she’s got something ‘they’ would love, if we ever get out of here: ammo. For ammo, we should pretty much always read ‘amo’, the Latin for I love – this will be very important later, but for now there’s a nice little metaphorical resonance here – if we ever get out of where we’re trapped (Tbilisi, or the dreamscape), the great ‘they’ want amo. Maybe.
It was several long moments before the silence was broken by a sigh cracked with emotion, more emotion than Sherlock could have imagined. He twisted his head around immediately but it was too late. John had turned away.
John looked up for the first time, and Sherlock was touched to see that his eyes were tinged with red. “What do you mean, no?”
My suggestion is that these aren’t just jokes put in by Mofftiss to say look-we've-read-the-books – Sherlock's mind is actually using the bees from the original stories to negotiate his relationship with his sexuality, and
For all his mnemonic powers, Sherlock frequently forgot to do his Christmas shopping until the 23rd or so, often calling in last minute favours from high street vendors to secure something technically sold out that wouldn’t seem too shabby, or simply not bothering in the case of Mycroft. This year, however, Mrs. Hudson had reminded him early.
This is purely symbolic – it never happens in the show. Water increases in significance throughout – think of Sherlock thinking he’s going mad in his mind as he is suspended over the Thames, or the utterly nonsensical placement of Sherrinford in the middle of the ocean – the deepest waters of Sherlock’s mind. Much like the repetition of cases hinting that EMP continues, the use of water is something that appears in the MP, and it sticks around from TAB onwards, a real sign that we’re going deeper and deeper. I talk about this more in the bit on TFP, but the good news is that Sherrinford is the most remote place they could find in the ocean – that’s the deepest we’re going. After that, we’re coming out (of the mind).
He was not quite sure why he had done it. He had planned to talk to him, to explain his confusion, the difficulty with Rosie and with Mary and to ask if Sherlock was willing to work through that with him. Hoping for everything and expecting nothing. Yet instead, alcohol numbing his sense of propriety, he had planted his lips within Sherlock’s dark curls. The hair was softer than he had expected; his surprise revealed to him how long he had unconsciously anticipated this moment. His lips only brushed the top of Sherlock’s skull, but he knew the gesture was unmistakeable. He felt Sherlock stiffen under his lips, and as he pulled away he saw that the other man had frozen, eyes fixed into the distance as though he did not dare to look at John. MI5 could have sounded all their alarms and Sherlock would not have noticed.
“Nothing.”
I’ll (ideally) be uploading a chapter a day for the next 13 days. Some of these chapters will contain links to later chapters; if that chapter isn’t uploaded yet, I’ll add in the link retrospectively, so that might be why the links don’t all work on first read. With chapters that have an episode in parentheses beside, I strongly recommend either watching the episode before reading the meta, or even better to do a simultaneous read and watch through with your finger on the pause button. The only episode which doesn’t do a play by play is TLD ½ , purely for time reasons (my college term starts very soon and I really needed this meta put to bed for the sake of my degree!). The other thing worth saying is that if you want this meta as a word document for some reason, drop me a message – I’m more than happy to share it that way as well. It is a cool 50k so takes some reading. This chapter has been a bit of a nothing, but I hope it lays the groundwork for what to expect from the next 12 – I’ll see you over the next 12 days!
. Magnussen picking at Sherlock’s food has often been seen as a metaphor for Sherlock being sexually assaulted whilst comatose, which is something I buy into – the food=sex metaphor has been striking from the beginning, and it suits Magnussen’s power play. It’s also quite possible in this scene that Sherlock thinks that everything fucky is real, and the absolute fuckiness of this scene draws it out – this is the scene that foreshadows the realisation that Magnussen is working from his MP, and of course that’s a realisation that Sherlock needs to make himself. The scene opens with a moment of dislocation – is this the hospital canteen or not? – and is about Sherlock working out what’s happening to him.
. Plenty of people have worked on queering the Holmes canon and working out what ACD might have been implying and leaving out and arguably none more so in an adaptation that Mofftiss. Let’s think about the implications of this. A kind of second self, not shown to the public, buried inside your mind and forgotten since childhood, which is bursting out into a moment of acute psychological distress. Gee, I don’t know what that could be about. The Sherlock that Sherlock thinks he is has thus far been dominated by MP!Mycroft, but this series is about uniting canon!Holmes with the non-canon, queer Sherrinford who has
The jibe about happy families is a little laboured, but it sets up the idea that Sherlock is starting to work in terms of relationships now rather than seeing things in terms of chess. Think of the chessboard squares in Mycroft’s office – but his deduction partner has now switched to John, who represents his heart, and so he’s starting to get on the right track. Note as well how we’re meant to assume they are playing chess or some equivalently cerebral game before we discover that they’re playing Happy Families; this is the same as the chess/Operation scene in TEH, in which we see the difficulty that the Holmes boys have in accessing their hearts. Now that Sherlock is using heart!John instead of brain!Mycroft, he’s almost there, but still not quite winning due to his unfamiliarity with the situation. Note also yet another distorting mirror in the background of this scene.
The conversation between Sherlock and Mycroft, who has been established as his brain in TSoT (I cannot find this meta! Where Mycroft is brain and John is heart! Can anyone help?), is pretty straightforward – the brain is interrogating Sherlock’s obsession with the Magnussen case and why he can’t just let it go, and the emotion we see here from Sherlock is more powerful than pretty much anything we get in real life. I actually think this scene is one of the most vulnerable moments he has in the show – and there’s no way that vulnerability would be to Mycroft in real life. There’s also, crucially, no reason why MI6 should actually want Sherlock dead this early. It’s another tell-tale sign that the surface plot doesn’t make sense – we should be looking deeper. Sherlock has just brought down a terrorist network – MI6 should love him. What Mycroft is actually putting forward is that already, way before Sherlock kills Magnussen, pretty much as soon as he enters EMP this is a two-way fork. He can choose to die at any point. But he doesn’t.
Chapter 1 – A Mental Mindfuck Can Be Nice: a quick summary of EMP theory
In both scenes, Sherlock and the Doctor are left standing off to the right, unsure of what to do – if you watch both scenes in parallel, it’s striking. There’s a great article here talking about how the angle demonstrates the Doctor to be powerless for the first time, amongst other things.
Sherlock stopped. He did not know. He had never said it to John. He had assumed so; he had ascertained that John was estranged from his parents, although they did not speak about it, and John had never shown the slightest inclination to see Harry. They had both gone to Sherlock’s parents’ house the previous Christmas, and although the invitation had once more been extended it had been with extreme trepidation, which Sherlock thought was only fair, really – he had, after all, drugged them the previous year. So he had politely declined his parents for both of them and said they would spend it together at Baker Street, and as a compromise his parents were to come up for drinks on Christmas Eve. But in all of these plans, he had never asked John.
“Nonsense. Get your coat. I’ll strap her in.”
Before going anywhere else with TST, required reading is this meta by LSiT (
“She won’t.”
Why had he frozen? Was this not what he had wanted for so long? Countless nights he had lain awake in bed consumed by longing, imagining John’s soft caresses. And then, last night, John had kissed him – and Sherlock had not known what to do.
“Rosie needs stability. And I need… I don’t know what I need. And I know we’ve imposed ourselves on you for too long.”
“Get your coat. She needs a walk.”
I will talk a lot in Chapter 10 X about how MP!Mary is linked to Sherlock’s compulsory heterosexuality; at the end of TST, Sherlock substitutes Mary’s body for his because he cannot conceive of John’s queer grief without breaking himself. This is interesting because the E of Eurus actually stands for Elizabeth in this scene (certainly in the credits, and possibly elsewhere, although I can’t remember Sian Brooke actually saying it). Elizabeth is Mary’s middle name in BBC Sherlock, which looks like another of those shared name links our creators love so well. If so, this begins to justify how Sherlock’s heart is conceiving of its emotions. We will see in TLD that heart!John’s relationship with fem!John in the form of Eurus is aligned with Sherlock’s sexual desire in the form of MP!Irene. Both are hidden and exist only in texts – i.e., they cannot be spoken yet. But they will be.
, is warning him. Via call.
“The thing is… Sherlock… it’s about us living here.”
Except, in the final scene of TLD, without the help of Therapist!Eurus, Sherlock has finally sussed John – it has taken until Culverton’s confession to recognise that John is suicidal without Sherlock (Chapter 9 X). The sigh of relief that is the hug scene (Chapter 10 X) is a kind of acknowledgement of that relief that he’s finally worked out what he’s been trying to cover up with drugs – so much so, that he misses the obvious, which is that John is suicidal again. When John leaves his cane with Sherlock in the hospital, it is a reminder of the first time he is suicidal, and Sherlock doesn’t make the immediate leap in his comatose haze that this is what his psyche has been trying to tell him. Hence you have this moment of immense relief and fade out at the end of the hug scene which suggests the end of the episode, and could feasibly end Sherlock’s life, except we’re started awake with a much more abrupt and troubling ending scene – Therapist!Eurus shooting John. Because, of course, if Sherlock is gone again, John must be suicidal again, and it has taken a few scenes of cognitive dissonance for this to clock. Indeed, it’s not Sherlock himself who clocks – Gay Trauma in the form of Eurus!Therapist returns and shoots John for us. This shooting isn’t, of course, permanent (in one of the worst cliffhanger resolutions in TV history), but that’s because it’s not real – it hasn’t happened yet. It is Sherlock, through MP!Eurus, finally recognising the problem – John.
, and to
That evening, John had the newspaper open and was avoiding conversation. Sherlock knew that there was no real interest in the paper; it was this morning’s, and anything interesting in it would have reached John via his phone, which would have provided him with up to date headlines throughout the day. One of the odd things about the internet age was that the day’s newspaper was defunct almost as soon as it was printed. But still it was a refuge for John when he needed some peace, and Sherlock bit his tongue and refrained from commenting on it. It was a level of tact he would not have believed he possessed before Mary’s death; but then, people change.
Mummy seemed to read the word in his eyes.
Sherlock nodded, swallowing, and turned back to face John. John would not look him in the eye, Sherlock noted; his eyes were deliberately angled downward, fixed on the table in front of him. Sherlock slid into the seat opposite.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in mock exasperation. “Next year, then.”
Sherlock gave a silent shrug, and he heard John sigh behind him.
. This sets up what he’s going to represent for the rest of the EMP sequence. Other people have delved into the rest of this section before, and extensively – I don’t have a huge amount to add. We know John is in danger from Magnussen, because that’s ostensibly why Mary was there, but she didn’t seem to care as much as the housemaid from the initial stories did. We also know from the original stories that Magnussen has the power to make John suicidal, but in this story he hasn’t yet – but because of this, Sherlock senses that the danger is much more than a loss of reputation. It’s heart-re-starting-ly important.
And then, Sherlock’s response:
Sherlock nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
Shortly after TAB aired, I wrote a meta about the waterfall scene, some of which I now disagree with, but the core framework still stands – it did not, of course, bank on EMP theory. You can find it here (
A dreamscape coincidence takes place behind Ajay in this scene – before we know that he is Ajay, and the A in AGRA, we see the A behind him on the shelf, as though calling it out to us. This world is too interconnected to be real; its whole fabric seems to self-reference.
John looked up from Rosie to thank Molly, but found himself staring past her into the eyes of Mummy Holmes. She had heard every word Molly said, he was certain of it. Unlike her son, she did not look away when John clocked her. Instead, she held his gaze softly but steadily, her eyes a deeper shade of teal than her son’s but still echoing the same vulnerable pain John had spotted in Sherlock’s not so long ago. She nodded tacitly, as though to affirm all that Molly had said. John felt his stomach sink a little further. It felt so unfair, somehow, to have Sherlock’s affection for him doubly confirmed just when it was not mere affection that he wanted.
"Great. So your type is childish and sulky, huh?"
You laugh nervously. That's it, your nerves are finally letting you down. You have to put your right hand behind you to hide the trembling. Sherlock is right. You both need to get some sleep, badly. But to sleep you need to close your eyes. To sleep, you need to let go of him, and you can't do that, you can't do that at all, not now.
The smaller man blinked.
"John?"
"Don't do that. He'll rant for hours if you ruin these..."
"Just an hour ago you told me not to go," Sherlock reminded him, suspicion and disbelief in his voice.
"Hello, what can I get for you?"
"Oh yes, please do," Sherlock insisted.
"But it's mine."
Sherlock swallowed nervously, but was careful not to move his head. So John went on, digging in and making Sherlock jump. A strangled cry escaped his lips. They both froze, surprised by the unexpected sound.
"He could have sacrificed lives."
Moran was often away from him on missions – but that meant he also had the freedom to go wherever he wanted in between their encounters. Sherlock frowned. He couldn't have the man killed, because he was a necessary tool, but his hidden agenda clearly represented a threat. It shouldn't have been so complicated – Moran was no genius after all – but it seemed Moriarty had planned many things ahead, and in his new pet's moves on his mental chess board, Sherlock was seeing the shadow of his dead nemesis.
"What the..." the cabbie begins, before shutting his mouth as his eyes meet Sherlock's glare.
She stops dead in her track and looks at you, astonished. She seems about to cry, so you add quickly:
"Sherlock, you're still wet."
There's nothing to bounce back any more."
"Sherlock?"
"Harry Pinner was a young accountant who worked for Pinner & Co, a plumbing company. His body was found in the wardrobe of room 212, where a certain Richard Leverton and his wife were staying. The body was found by Mr Leverton when he came back from a three day trip in the South of Sumatra, and the autopsy showed that Pinner had been killed only the previous day, in the evening. Mrs Leverton never left the game parlor, and the surveillance cameras as well as several witnesses confirm that she was playing bridge with friends when the murder took place."
Mary's simple question seems to calm everyone down. All fall silent. Unwittingly, you take May's hand in yours. She squeezes it back. Harry averts her gaze awkwardly.
"Nope. You'll be excused once you've eaten your toast."
"You haven't eaten yet."
In a good mood, aren't we?
"He died because he cared," she murmurs.
You smirk, and he smirks back. Feeling a bit uneasy at the closeness, you look away.
John stared, dumbfounded. "You're joking."
"So. What do you want to do now?"
This is an old friend of mine, John Watson.
He squinted and scanned the darkness, but did not spot any furry ball. Under the bed, perhaps? Well, it did not matter. Sherlock would find him in time. He heard the children go back to their bedroom, turning on the light, and went to glance through the window. They looked devastated at the disappearance of the manul. Sherlock smirked. Discreetly, he made his way to the kitchen again. The door was closed, but the window was still half open. The couple was cleaning the table and washing the dishes, and the woman looked much more tired and fragile than previously. Interesting.
At this, John stared at Sherlock, stunned.
was for that matter, I can hardly blame you."
"Oh, by the way, Sherlock. Please never buy me a pet: you're completely clueless as to what I would like. Later!"
"Nice meeting you too."
"I'm nearly done."
"Hurt him," he repeated. "You think I want to hurt Sherlock."
The dramatic and ostensibly aiming-at-being-comical exclamation did not reach Sherlock. He was thinking about something else. About the name Moran had used.
No. No, certainly not.
murder!"
Bite number five fell on the right side of his throat near the jugular vein and the thrill and feeling of vulnerability sent sparks down his spine – John couldn't hold back a moan as the heat in his crotch became more distracting by the second.
The consulting detective, startled to be thus interrupted, arched an inquisitive eyebrow.
"I lied," he said.
"Of course not. But did you take a break?"
No, he couldn't risk it. Definitely couldn't risk it. China was good. He'd go to China. Nobody would recognize him there. He could investigate all he wanted. Make Mycroft give him papers, create a new identity for him. He could even do it himself. He had the contacts now. All the contacts in the world.
Knocking on the door, he tilted his head and tried to catch the slightest noise. Nothing. Gingerly, he pushed the door open and popped his head in.
"Tell him that you're sorry and would love to speak to him again? Sure, Mycroft. Will do."
"Stop giggling !"
"I never said you couldn't."
"I'm staying with you," you tell him before you can think too much about what you
"Yes, maybe."
: "I have no idea."
Her eyes widened.
Yup. A man who drops every girlfriend repeatedly for his best mate is suspicious to say the least. With hindsight (okay, and also because she'd discussed it with Chris, and Chris was
John was pacing in the living-room while Sherlock took a shower. He'd basically thrown him out of the bathroom, saying he needed to wash and get prepared to meet Mycroft – to "kill" him, more precisely.
Peter sends John a sympathetic look, and goes back to his office. John represses a sigh, and turns away to leave. This clinic is perfect because it allows him to work part-time, and the salary is good. He feels bad for Rebecca, but he's already explained that the other friend he was seeing had a boyfriend and was just a friend, and that hadn't been enough. To be fair, it hadn't been the first time that he made a blunder with the receptionist, and it is only natural that she got tired of him after a while. He just regrets her past amicability.
Then suddenly it was ripped and Sherlock gasped, hissing, trying to catch his breath as he was hit by the stench of sweat and blood. He felt a hand on his groin and screamed.
“Accelerated heart rate, pupils are dilated. He’s sweating and he’s hot to the touch, so maybe slightly elevated body temperature. He’s definitely been drugged, probably with something like Rohypnol or another typical date-rape drug. Apart from that, there is a bite in his shoulder which should be looked at because it’s bleeding and…” His voice broke and he stifled a sob as he covered his eyes with his hand.
“Okay, “John said with a hesitant smile and he let himself be pushed back into his chair.
The door shut closed and John once again ran a hand through his hair as he took a deep breath. One look at Sherlock told him still no change.
Wide-eyed, he took a step towards his friend, desperate to see his face. “Sherlock, oh God, I’m sorry….”
Magnussen’s sharp tone and his pointed glare were enough to shut Scott up and John felt a surge of sympathy for the younger Beta. Moreover, he completely agreed with him. Like him, he couldn’t understand why the Alpha of the injured Omega had the right to stop life-sustaining measures to be taken if his mate could have continued living after her coma. Yes, she would have been bed-ridden and disabled - maybe she would have tried to kill herself a second time as a result.
Magnussen indicated the broken glass and steel on the floor. “Very well then. Get yourself a dustpan and clean this mess up.” He stepped away from their group, dismissing them all without apologizing to Scott or taking as much as a glance at him or John again.
“Mind if I join you?” he asked in a manner which almost could be called shy.
This chapter was hard to write somehow. Getting the characters right, having John be that vengeful, Sherlock still snarky although he's hurt....I really hope I got it right.
Greg welcomed him with a bright “Good morning” and John was exhausted. He was also anxious because he really wanted to believe in Mycroft and rest assured that he would get out of here today. He needed to get out, he needed to see Sherlock, talk to him, make sure he was alright.
Also, I'm afraid the next chapter could take a little while longer as I have a couple of important exams coming up next week and the week after that as well :(
/////
Now Sherlock was curled against the corner of the couch, making himself as small as possible. His face was bent down, and instead of seeming happy at the news his brother and Greg had brought, he seemed dejected.
He laid down on the ground on his side, curling into himself, and lost himself in the familiar feeling of dread and emptiness. It washed over him almost tenderly, like ripples in a river and he felt his muscles losing their stiffness as he allowed himself to be engulfed by the sensation.
“N-no, “he whispered frantically, “d-don’ wanthis.” His voice was hoarse and pitifully weak. It didn’t sound like him at all.
Sherlock looked at him silently and shook his head.
Billy’s face turned stone cold as he pointed the gun right into Sherlock’s face. “But he didn’t. He didn’t ruin it because he’s my brother, means he’s learned from the best. I always knew he had it in him.”
“I think I’ll go to bed now, “he said quietly, and he started moving towards his bedroom.
At last, Mycroft smiled - a warm smile that actually reached his eyes - and he nodded, to Sherlock first, then to John. Then he turned and left without another word, leaving Greg to stare at them with a somewhat stunned expression on his face, until he too nodded, turned, and followed Mycroft out the door.
“John! I’m so glad you’re back!”
Greg who had just ended the emergency call deftly pulled the jacket off his shoulders and tossed it to John. John who had pushed Sherlock’s shirt to the sides to see if there were any new injuries on his torso and was relieved to see none visible, quickly buttoned the shirt back up and planted Greg’s jacket over Sherlock’s body. He needed to be kept warm now, Sherlock’s blood pressure was very low as was his temperature. He could already feel the clamminess of Sherlock’s skin, he saw the slight tremor on his body. He took the pulse again as he brushed the damp curls out of Sherlock’s face.
It was okay.
“What was that all about?” his friend asked excitedly, elbowing John to get his attention as they walked down the corridor towards the exit.
And sure enough, John couldn’t stop himself from taking the last few steps to the couch, around the coffee table, and sitting down beside Sherlock. He needed to do this now. His heart skipped a beat when he felt the faint body heat radiating from his best friend and he subconsciously leaned more to the side, brushing against him in a very guarded manner.
“Oh, don’t make me explain it, “John groaned, half-burying his face in his palms. “I behaved like an animal, that’s what I did.”
John looked at him in surprise. He hadn’t seen that one coming. Mycroft Holmes was always so cool, always so in control of his emotions, and most of the time John wasn’t even sure there were any emotions that Mycroft needed to control. But maybe
“Sherlock ...” John was completely shellshocked by his friend’s words. He needed him to stop, it had been so wrong of him to say those words to him in the first place.
“Ah, nonsense. We’ll avoid drinking too much and anyway, our first seminar starts at ten. That’s enough time for us to sleep and drink a nice Bloody Mary for breakfast.”
This was no problem for Sherlock. He would have no trouble staying out of sight, just keeping in the shadows while he was looking for clues. He could pretend to be a police officer – he still had Lestrade’s badge – and interrogate employees. In the past, he had often succeeded in intimidating witnesses with his confrontational way of rapidly deducing everyone and everything in front of him.
John could have listened to the man talking about dying human tissue all day and he belatedly realized he was staring at the younger Beta when he heard the other Alphas next to him snigger. He turned to glare at them and from the corner of his eye, he could see Scott frown at them too. The Alphas ignored them, but visibly forced themselves to quiet down and Scott resumed his explanations, concluding his little presentation with a slight nod of his head and a strained smile.
“I only wanted to ask, “Scott said, his voice deep and clear, “what happened to the Omega after they were woken up from the medically induced coma?”
Sherlock, meanwhile, fully clothed in his armour of suit, Belstaff coat, scarf, and gloves was pacing the living room. He glanced up when John appeared. “Four minutes and forty seconds left.”
As soon as he had sent the last text his phone lit up again, this time he was being called. By Mycroft. No, he couldn’t deal with him right now.
“I’ll get you some paracetamol, just wait a second.” He hurried to the bathroom, grabbed the blister package of paracetamols from the bathroom cabinet from which he took two of the white pills and a glass of water. He handed them to Sherlock who downed the pills quickly in one swift motion, gratitude on his face.
The pounding of his heart against his ribcage was only getting worse, so John bit his tongue, trying not to think about the way Scott’s hair fascinated him, the colour ranging from warm chestnut to a deeper tone of dark chocolate; the way the curls fell, unruly and still so elegant, all in all looking soft and rich and perfect and John wanted to reach out and run his fingers through it, bury his nose in it to catch the scent of his shampoo. But all did was lean forward and say...
John swallowed his last piece of casserole and saw that Sherlock was also finished with his small portion. He was actually surprised that he had eaten it all, expecting him to lay down his fork halfway through the meal, proclaiming that he was full.
He needed to apologise again, convey to his best friend that he really was sorry. And then he needed to keep his mouth shut and take care of him, even if his help wasn’t really appreciated. But deep down he hoped Sherlock knew that he needed John to take care of him.
“So …. you’re out of prison?”
centipede, the
He whipped his head around and turned in the water, his eyes searching desperately for anything that resembled a human body.
John tried to hide his grin. “Sherlock, you’re forgetting something, aren’t you?”
“John, you’re exaggerating, “Sherlock smiled at him. “I’m fine, you know I can deduce myself. My heart rate is normal, as is my breathing. Blood pressure is fine, no temperature I’d bet. No nausea either, so you can rest assured, alright?”
He wouldn’t have followed him to the escort agency after Sherlock had tricked him. He wouldn’t have slept in a hospital bed by his side even after he had gotten hurt.
“Sherlock!”
“Because it’s expensive. Health insurance for Omegas is much more expensive than for Alphas and Betas. It’s because we get sick more often, because we need heat leave, because we need suppressants and because we go on maternal or paternal leave. Not many employers are willing to pay that extra sum.”
John’s heart lurched at the desperation in Sherlock’s voice and he turned his body back towards him where he was sitting on the edge of the bed, giving Sherlock the space he needed but not leaving.
“Why? You’re asking me why? Are you trying your hardest to make me angry or what is your agenda here?”
to hold him in his arms, right at this moment. It made him feel …. complete.
Gently, John disentangled himself from his friend’s arm and then slipped outside to get the thermometer from the bathroom. His heart was beating in his chest as he frantically searched through his medical kit to find it, nearly throwing it all on the ground in his anxiousness when he couldn’t find it immediately.
Magnussen rolled his eyes and sighed heavily, fixing the poor guy with a pointed glare. The student looked as if he was just shy of bursting into tears.
Sherlock stopped in his steps and looked back at him, a frown on his pale face. “You really don’t need to do that.”
“Well, “John said, thoughtful, “every victim of rape or sexual assault has the right to counselling sessions with a therapist by law, so it would be paid for and it would be someone with experience in that matter.” He shook his head. “No, I don’t think he’ll ever agree to that, you know what he’s like. He’s already trying to pretend it didn’t happen.”
So, John stopped worrying around Sherlock and dug into his food with a ravenous appetite. Greg followed his example and even Sherlock seemed to enjoy nibbling at his chips with ketchup.
“Yes. What’s wrong with that? Don’t you date?” John asked curiously.
Fortunately, Greg arrived at the same time as him, parking his car right in front of the big neat building that apparently was the escort agency they were looking for. Of course, they couldn’t be sure that Sherlock was here. Maybe he had just gone out for a walk to vent. But that was very unlikely, and John was sure his instinct was right, telling him Sherlock’s mind was focused on the case and his latest trail had to lead him here, where the big bad guys were.
But he knew he couldn’t just walk up to the bloke and ask him if he had a relative or even a lost love who was an Omega who had been mistreated by an Alpha in some way.
He led the young man to the door by his shoulder and shot him an amicable smile when Frederic seemed a little doubtful if he should really leave it at that. He turned at the door, his medical bag in his one hand, his jacket in the other.
Mycroft looked at Sherlock who refused to meet his gaze. Mycroft shrugged and went to fetch himself a cup of tea. Mrs. Hudson soon brought Sherlock his with a slightly scolding look on her face, but she didn’t say anything. She knew his moods and she knew better than to provoke him now.
Then I realized that this mind palace thing had to take place before I could move the plot along so here we are. Not that anything's been resolved now, but still, it had to happen. I hope this mind palace thing isn't too confusing, I know it was confusing me as I was writing it :)
Behind his laptop, Sherlock’s fingers stilled. They were trembling hard and he took one hand into the other to stop the shaking, throwing a wary look into his brother’s direction to check if he had seen it. But Mycroft was busy, standing in the corner, speaking into his phone.
John’s fury welled up again and he was back on his feet in a matter of seconds. “No, Mycroft, no! I don’t need you to fight my battles for me! Stay out of it, stop meddling!”
“Not bad, “he shouted back. “Go for it!”
Sherlock began to shiver violently in his arm and John thought with dread that this had been a terrible idea, that he should have called an ambulance hours ago and that any decrease in Sherlock’s health would be his fault.
Sherlock huffed in frustration at the obvious stupidity of the other man. “Because it makes me uncomfortable when you crowd me like that.”
Mike indeed was a good listener, just like he promised. Neither did he roll his eyes nor did he glance at his watch. Instead, he just listened to John’s very detailed recount of his hapless encounter with beautiful Scott Williams while eating his chicken salad silently. When John was done, staring miserably into his own untouched bowl of food, he pushed the fork into his hand and commanded him to eat. Then he had told him straight out that yes, it sounded as if John had been a little out of line. But that didn’t mean that his chances of getting to know this mysterious young Beta student were completely lost.
“Oh thank God, there you are!” he exclaimed, and without thinking he leaned forward and pulled Sherlock into his arms, crushing him against his aching chest.
“Yes, I know, “he repeated, irritated. “Go on, do something about it, will you?”
“Sherlock?” John reached out in alarm.
“Great!” he exclaimed, rubbing his hands together. “I’m glad to see you all seem to possess a solid knowledge in this area. Let’s apply this knowledge about Omega physiology to the knowledge we have about toxicants and the effects they can have on the human body. I have here a few photos for you to give you a first impression. I’d warn you that this is not for the weak-minded but all of you aim to be doctors or at least something in that area, so I expect you to have no problems looking at these.”
Scott actually blushed at that. The sight of it brought sudden heat to the general area between John’s legs and he shifted, trying to keep the expression on his face neutral as he willed his unbidden physical reaction to disappear.
“I wanted it to be a surprise, “Charles said, and his head whipped to Sherlock, a look of utter disdain suddenly on his face.
“Oh. Oh, really?” he said at last and he looked up again, seeing Sherlock tilt his head to the side in confusion. “I thought you didn’t care that I was in prison. You didn’t seem to when I called you last night. What was it you said? You wished me good luck?”
He stopped to stand at Scott and Samantha’s table and stared down at the destroyed microscope, his eyes flashing with unbridled ire. The air was suddenly heavy with the spicy, smokey scent of a furious Alpha and most Beta students instinctively ducked their head in silent submission, while the Alpha students lowered their eyes accordingly.
He gestured at the tray in the nurse’s hands, which was laden with a bowl of (to be honest) unappealing-looking porridge, two slices of half-toasted toast, a couple of slices of cheese, ham, and a small cup containing an undefinable kind of jam. There was also a green apple, a cup of hot water, and a small collection of different sorts of tea bags from which to choose.
“Ooooh, seems I was right after all, “Victor eventually said with a triumphant smirk. “Our little Beta-baby has already found himself an Alpha. A true knight in shining armour, it seems.”
“Did you…uhm...” Sherlock started then, seeming, for once, uncertain. “...did you just kiss me?”
She frowns at the screen. "All right, let's go for childish. Sherlock was childish after all."
"Your brother does not care for 'interesting' people. He cares for interesting murderers and victims, because people don't
"I got enough," she said in a faraway voice. Sebastian remained silent.
Does she even realize how different John is with her, if you think about all the ex-girlfriends?
Sherlock's face falls. "What?"
"Oh great, I'm so happy I could be useful," he grumbles in mock sulking.
No. No, of course. Sherlock would have been his childish self. He would have been temperamental and possessive and jealous and... Well. No use thinking how Sherlock would have been. And who was Greg to assume he could imagine what would have gone through the genius's head? No, he couldn't. He never had.
"Not quite," Mary answers, mimicking his form of speech. "John would, though," she adds more seriously, looking Mycroft in the eye.
wanted to tell her about the baby."
texted you! Don't you realize how ridiculous this is?"
. Smart, but only interested in power and money and all those dull human passions. The head rules, certainly, unlike a certain someone – oh, don't lie, dear, you're a kid, and kids are ruled by their temper. But your temper was fiery and your goal was mine: to defeat boredom. Their goals were so ordinary... I wonder if you'll manage to catch them once I'm gone. If you're good and distract me until then, I might give you a hand.
"So. Did you get the car number?"
John felt his cheeks burn even more.
John scoffed at the imperious tone.
"Be quiet."
John broke down.
Of course Sherlock wanted to leave the flat to investigate as soon as possible. But after the incident at Brad Campbell's house and John's subsequent fury which had spurred him to ruin one of Sherlock's favourite shirts, the consulting detective was quite aware that leaving without John was not an option. That being settled, the number one priority was to help John turn back into a man. But such a task was difficult if John did not cooperate.
"Wrong answer, John. Should've said 'of course it isn't boring, dear'," Harry remarks, trying to mimic your voice – and not exactly succeeding.
"No! No." He laughs. "I'm just... surprised."
"I don't know," Harry muttered sheepishly.
Finally, the cat opened one sleepy eye and nuzzled him groggily. Sherlock smirked.
"Yes. I am."
The minutes felt like hours. Sherlock thought about jumping off the cab and running, several times, but it was always fear talking, and not intelligence. Intelligence told him the quickest way to get there was to remain in the cab nicely and jump out as soon as he got there. Which he did, eventually.
"Don't... You..."
‘We don’t have time to talk about this.’
As your eyes leave your screen and scan the room pensively, they notice next to the skull on the mantelpiece an incongruously cheerful bouquet of yellow asters in a clean wine bottle – the first one you drank together, and which she insisted you kept. She loves yellow flowers – something you found quite funny since she hates that colour for everything else. But "flowers should be bright and yellow", she claimed, as if the two adjectives were logically linked. She loved sunflowers, mimosa and asphodels the most.
John observed her closely.
"I heard him flirt with Moriarty and that was disturbing enough."
Silence in a club on Pall Mall.
"What?"
"Answer me, Sherlock. Was that you latching out at me because I forgot you didn't want me to touch you, and you couldn't control yourself, or am I going to have to defend myself?"
Or maybe not. Sherlock spoke quickly as they made their way down the building.
Rating for this chapter is T.
"Yes, he probably needs me to save the country again. Though I'm surprised he'd trust me with that now, after the failure of last time."
"Right. Sorry. But we don't need to tell them about the divorce just ye–"
"That is just part of the role."
An exchanged smirk – not mocking, but conniving. A connivence you've lost and which you are missing so acutely. Sherlock is no longer here to smile like this.
"Did you figure out when what began?" the Woman went on.
The dying old man was smart, but not that smart. I had to suggest it to him. The words were mine, my dear. Had you noticed already back then? That I knew you so well, even though we had never properly met. Or did you think you were beaten by the old man?
"Of course you were."
John chuckles and then looks about to throw up again.
"Oh, you know, just in case. I like their flat,” Mary replies off-handedly.
"Oh hello, Molly. How are you doing today?"
"John!" You stand up and grab him by the shoulders none too gently. "I'm not disgusted with
In the end, who was Sebastian Moran?
"Thank you, Hilton," John said, since Sherlock seemed deep in thought, and unlikely to answer at all. Their host smiled meekly, and went back into the house too. John filled his cup with tea, and Sherlock's with coffee.
What he also did was walk into the bathroom while John was in the shower to start briefing him on the night’s events. It was slightly distracting to listen to Sherlock while trying to wash away Ferdinand Leblainpié’s touch on his fur—SKIN, on his skin— and John wondered if Sherlock wasn’t aware of the boundaries he was crossing or if he just didn’t care. Yet John had to admit that even he didn’t feel any awkwardness at the situation. Again, it might have been the exhaustion, but listening to Sherlock, he didn’t feel that tired anymore.
"She's a professional. If she went through the trouble of setting a bomb, there must be a reason."
"But Sherlock, what about Mycroft's–"
"Hi, Greg? I'm sorry it's a bit late. This is Molly."
But he made it to Sherlock's side without anything happening. His gaze never left his friend, and he did not even spare a glance at Moriarty, who was standing right next to Sherlock.
"I'm sorry I shot you. What were you thinking jumping onto my bed like that?"
"I love you, Sherlock."
Scratch the cat. More like a panther.
"He would
"And I cannot deduce
It was a joke. A bad one, but a joke nonetheless.
Seb almost choked on his food. "What? Seriously?"
"What makes you say that?"
Sherlock glanced at him quickly.
The detective blinked, not having expected such a question.
himself to please the doctor. Not all the time, of course – he still acted like a prick and ruined all his dates and considered he should be his number one priority. But wasn't that all too telling?
"Did you taste it?"
Perhaps that was the reason he had been acting so strange lately. Never had he been so frequently touched in his entire life as he had during this past week. And what about John? Even when he had a girlfriend, he did not see her that often. Not every day. It never lasted long enough to get to that stage. He didn't live with her. Thank God.
Don't cry in your sleep, bonnie baby
“Yeah, alright.”
John opened the door and a few seconds later, Mycroft once again stood in the doorway, behind him a middle-aged brunette woman in a nurse uniform with a blank expression on her face and a big black bag in her hand.
“Alright.” John was impressed and also a little worried that his friend would admit that he was tired. But he didn’t want to overreact, ruining the peaceful truce between them, so he asked casually “Would you eat if I made you something?”
John stared at him and said nothing. Sherlock stared back and when he realized there would be no answer he muttered, “Apparently not” and continued to hack on the keyboard.
“I’m sorry, John, but I still need you to come to the station with me.”
“When did you realize it wasn’t?”
Dreams o peace an o freedom
After a few seconds in which it felt as if his mind was completely lost in grateful nothingness, he snapped to attention again, as he remembered.
Sherlock shuddered, resisting the urge to analyze the approximate level of alcohol this Jack guy would have in his blood right now from his breath and he took a step back, raising his hands defensively to put some sort of barrier between himself and the other man.
He seldom went here. There was hardly a need to come. Sentimentality, in general, was not one of his traits and he often mocked people for indulging in it. Still, he had not deleted this part of his memories and he knew his own weakness was to blame.
Greg smirked at him, then he took a step forward. “Alright, Sherlock, we already know a few things because he had his wallet on him. This man is Maximilian Harrington, 43, divorced since last year, two children, works as a teacher in elementary school at Covent Garden, no criminal record. That’s all we’ve got but I’m sure you can enlighten us as to why he’s here and dead, so let’s hear it.”
John shifted nervously. He wished they had had more time so that Sherlock could have let him in on his plan. As it was, he was heavily dependent on Sherlock and his doubtful ability not to taunt the murderers into killing them.
“Please, John, calm down! It won’t help you if you’re making a fuss now. Behave, stay calm, and explain everything to them how it was, and you’ll probably walk out of here in no time.”
After taking a couple of samples of blood the paramedic looked at John again. “Could I at least take his blood pressure?”
“Come on, “he said, as he pulled Sherlock by the sleeve towards the kitchen. “Let’s have that tea.”
Sherlock had scrambled after him frantically, eyes wide and frightened and his hand was gripping into the sleeve of John’s jumper. When he saw John looking at him with a startled expression on his face, he slumped down on the bed, throwing an arm over his face.
When Molly spoke up again, still not looking at him, her anger had receded, her voice low and doleful. “I had a friend once, “she murmured. “My best friend, actually. Her name was Helen. She was an Omega too, we almost presented at the same time. But her parents were not as nice as mine. They were determined to have her married to a wealthy Alpha, they were in it for the money. Although they are not called dowries anymore, many families get paid quite a lot of money for their Alpha offspring to get married to an Omega by their parents. It’s inhumane, but….yeah, they’re still doing that. So, Helen’s parents, they found an Alpha for her right after she finished school. Forty-four years old. Some big shot in some huge firm, I don’t know which one. They got married and mated, although she begged her parents not to force her to…..”
John’s heartbeat increased at once as he realised that Sherlock was gone. Where could he be?
John was relieved by the silence again and sat next to Sherlock. He checked his pulse and was relieved when it showed a steady heartbeat. Sherlock had stopped sweating so profusely a few hours ago, his hair now lay languidly around his face without its usual luster. He looked much younger now than he was. He was pale and his cheekbones stood out even more than usual. His split lip and bruised cheek made him look fragile and small. John raised his hand to Sherlock’s temple to brush away a curl there and chuckled to himself when he realized his movement was mirroring Mycroft’s from moments before. They were alike in their concern for the brilliant man lying before him. He was both of the men’s weakness.
“Well, “John started, “I thought some tea and biscuits would be nice…”
Safely away from John’s concerned gaze he supported himself on the sink and greedily took a few deep breaths. He didn’t feel great, his body still felt heavy as if it weighed a ton and it had taken all his strength to get here. He felt slightly nauseous and his head was killing him. But he didn’t want John to see, he wouldn’t stop fussing about him if he knew, it was easier to just pretend he was okay.
“Is he serious?” John murmured to Mike, momentarily forgetting the beautiful young man in the second row.
“I’m sorry!” he shouted after him, raising his arm in helpless frustration. But Scott didn’t turn back again, increasing the distance between them as quickly as he could without actually running.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright then, “John said with a smile as he switched the telly on and settled beside Sherlock. They found a show they watched from time to time and it had just started. Soon they were both looking intensely at the TV screen as the mysterious murderer was on the verge of killing his first victim. John settled back into the couch, careful not to touch Sherlock’s knee with his own – not that he would mind but he wanted to give Sherlock his space, he didn’t know how much physical closeness with other people was bearable to him right now.
After another quick breath he managed to reach the toilet where he sat down to pee. Getting up again and reaching the sink to wash his hands and face took another long time.
“Good.”
All his instincts were screaming at him to get away from that man, to get somewhere safe - but he couldn’t just leave, so he swallowed and waited for the Professor to end this little charade, his hands clenched into fists at his side.
John’s smile lit up even more. “You look it.” His hand wandered to Sherlock’s brow. “I’d say the fever’s gone. Hold on, let’s check.”
Greg replied right back.
A new sense of anger washed over him, powerful and overbearing. It filled his whole body, traveling from the pit of his stomach to his fingertips and he wanted to push his fist into the wall next to him and scream, for whichever reason exactly he did not know. He gritted his teeth together, trying to even out his breathing as he counted to ten. This was a method he had learned long ago when he was just a kid and it had helped him countless times, aiding him to rein the fury in before it would make him do things he would regret later on. That is if he hadn’t done them before.
“No, “Mycroft said simply, “you can’t.”
/////
Eventually, John grew serious again as he noticed the weariness in Sherlock’s posture.
“Yes, good idea, “Scott huffed, earning him another hard stare from John.
The moment passed. The young Alpha correctly answered the question, Magnussen went over to the next student and Sherlock sheepishly realized he had been holding his breath the whole time. His cheeks once again felt annoyingly hot and he took a deep breath, suppressing the urge to fan himself with his notebook.
“No, you idiot, I gave you CPR.”
Sherlock stared at him in disbelief. “You cannot be serious! I don’t want to stay here! You know I don’t like hospitals!”
A small knock at the door made him look up and he drew his hand back away hastily.
“Nooo!” he screamed, his voice already hoarse from all the screaming.
As soon as he was done, another officer came and cleared away the dishes. He returned a minute later to hand John a couple of very soft blankets as well as two huge pillows.
Sherlock was still shifting nervously. “I think so, I do. But ...I have to confess...I’m terrified, John. Terribly terrified.”
He held Sherlock as his body was shaking with the effort of vomiting and he caught Greg’s face observing them, looking very worried.
“What do you mean, they want to charge you with murder?” From the corner of his eye, he saw Mycroft’s head snap up, but he was too distraught to think about him now.
“Building looks deserted to me.”
“Yes, in the middle of our very heated argument, “John answered guiltily. “I’m really sorry, Sherlock, I shouldn’t have yelled at you, I wasn’t thinking.” Sherlock looked at him in soft surprise and he grinned weakly. “Well, if I remember it right, I was yelling, too, so don’t worry about it too much.” John looked at him gratefully, glad that his friend didn’t want to linger on the delicate matter.
Hush, hush, the anchor's a-weighing
“Alright, Sherlock, you can put your shirt back on, “he said, and he couldn’t resist patting his friend’s wrist fondly. Sherlock threw a surprised look at him but said nothing. He put his shirt back on and dived under the sheets.
But just a moment later, John Watson hat proved him wrong. He had ruined it by making it physical, thus substantiating his former belief that Alphas just couldn’t help themselves but be narcissistic blockheads. Ignorant arseholes. All of them.
Satisfied, Robert disconnected the call.
“Are we finished now?” Sherlock asked eventually and Greg nodded. “Yes, I think we are finished with your statement.”
“Yes, “he said hoarsely and he half-turned sideways, then abandoned the motion and turned back to the tea kettle. “I’m alright. I just need some tea. Do you want some?”
She left them alone. John sent a quick silent prayer of thanks to Mycroft wherever he was and looked back at Sherlock. He had quieted down and was only moaning a little now, soft little whines escaping his throat and he was still trembling.
“Of course, “he replied, as he re-arranged his rimless glasses on his nose, still staring at Sherlock through them in his unsettling manner. “Anything at all, Williams. Understood?”
“Shhh … Sherlock. I’m here now. It’s fine, everything’s fine.”
“Alright, “he said, pretending to be doing him a favour, “but only if you eat something.”
All he wanted was to be left alone. Why couldn’t people understand that?
“A first impression tells a lot about a person, “Scott said, his mouth hard. “Excuse me if I don’t possess the patience or the naiveté to check if ‘people’ really turn out to be anything else than the stupid idiots they’ve proven themselves to be the first time.”
“Arrogant prick, “he mumbled angrily, and Mike nodded, as he swallowed nervously, his eyes following Magnussen’s movements like a rabbit observing the wolf about to eat him.
John repressed the instinct to draw back and he met Sherlock’s gaze calmly. “I mean that you especially should get help after what happened to you. Because you …. well, you didn’t have any experience in sexual matters beforehand, at least that’s what I’m assuming, and you were all the more vulnerable because of that.” John exhaled shakily. He had needed to say that, but he also knew at once that he had made a mistake when he looked into his friend’s face. His eyes widened in shock and hurt as he drew back in one quick, abrupt motion, his shoulders tense.
“That’s good, yes, perfect, keep breathing, Sherlock.” John’s eyes lit up in relief as he noticed that Sherlock finally responded to his commands. “You’re doing great, Sherlock, keep going.”
Greg looked slightly alarmed but then his features changed into something more guarded, a fact that left John a little suspicious.
Scott was stunned. “But….” he started weakly.
Greg approached him with a curious look, but he didn’t say anything. He only raised his eyebrow at which John just shook his head, still stunned. With the same dazed expression on his face, he let himself be led back towards his cell. He sat back down on his cot, staring into empty space as he tried to sort his thoughts and emotions whirling around in his head.
“Well, it was worth a try, “Greg said, obviously trying to comfort him but John didn’t react. He was much too worried about Sherlock now, about what was happening right now.
The corners of John’s mouth fell, and he didn’t know what to say – a fact that apparently amused Mycroft a great deal.
John’s heart rate picked up immediately. “Okay, that’s good, can you tell me where they went?”
“Alright?!” John sounded close to hysterical.
It was a little disconcerting, to say the least, to see this kid react that strongly to just one simple unheralded touch. John was worried but he saw that it was better not to approach that topic right now.
“How’s the shoulder?”
John quickly grabbed his medical bag. He needed to examine Sherlock once more before he went to sleep again. He went into the bedroom and found Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed, apparently waiting for him, his shirt was off.
“Now do you see?”
He raised his head and looked directly into the other man’s dark eyes.
He was in love with Sherlock and Sherlock was in love with him.
“Leave me be, “he said calmly as he dared the other to make another move with narrowed eyes. “I don’t want you to touch me like this. I’d like to go back inside.”
He paused for a second, giving John an opportunity to confirm.
He resumed his lecture, but John was once again barely able to concentrate on his words. He was still amazed by what had just happened and his eyes were drawn to the thin kid in the first row who had somehow managed to defeat the arrogant Professor in a seemingly uneven battle of wits.
“Maybe later, alright?” he said gently, “I just got here and would like to have a few drinks with my friends first.”
“Of course. Let’s go back inside.”
“We’ve got a new case!” Sherlock informed him and he sounded almost giddy with joy. “I’ve spoken with Lestrade and he’s got a good one!”
John quickly called Mrs. Hudson to update her – as he had suspected she was worried out of her mind and he was barely able to end the call, repeating for the umpteenth time that Sherlock was in good hands and that he would probably be home soon.
Eventually, he went over to the cooker and turned off the heat. Mrs. Hudson hat turned it down before she had left so the soup would probably be burned only a little. He didn’t feel like eating now though, so he sank into his chair instead and poured himself a cup of tea. Sherlock was okay for now and he needed to distract himself.
They sat down on a couch in the corner and talked. She told him that she was a business major, that she wanted to become a personal assistant to a CEO if possible, and that she liked to travel.
John couldn’t see Scott’s face from his current angle but he could hear the suppressed anger in his voice. A smell of burned apples and almonds reached his nose and his own heart beat faster at the scent of another person in distress.
It disappeared quickly as soon as he stepped into his flat when he was manhandled out of his coat and pushed onto the sofa by tiny Mrs. Hudson.
John felt as if he had been slapped in the face and resisted the urge to take a step back. He didn’t want Mycroft to think he was afraid of him. But he knew that the man had a point. He hated to accept help from this arrogant, posh man who was capable of making a charge of attempted murder just disappear with a snap of his fingers. He didn’t want his help. But he knew he had to take it. For Sherlock who needed him. Mycroft was right.
Scott’s eyes flashed darkly as they pierced into Victor’s. “You wish.”
, John thought bitterly.
“John, “Sherlock waved him over without looking up from the corpse, “could you maybe take a look at him?”
There was barely any reaction at all visible in John Watson’s face but Sherlock was sure he did not imagine his lips twitching with the hint of another little smile.
“Well, yes, “John replied, “but I need to wake him first and have him up for an hour so could you maybe come back later? Maybe even after Mycroft’s nurse was here? In three hours?”
He would try one last time.
He opened his eyes and flinched when he saw Mycroft’s face just inches away from his own.
He inspected the man’s face, looked at his eyes, his skin, inside his mouth. “I’d say this man has been dead for about ten to fifteen hours. The bullet hit him point-blank in the forehead, there's an exit wound on the back of his head, he was killed instantly.”
But Dimmock just looked up at him, sneering at him in triumph. “Whatever your motive is more of a mystery. But not really though. He couldn’t just be your friend, that’s not reason enough to follow him around like a puppy, nodding your head at everything he says. No, it’s obvious, you’re completely besotted with him and that’s why you shot that lady in the throat because she dared to threaten your precious little lover boy!”
With one last furious look at John, he pulled his abandoned bag over his shoulder and stomped off. John could see him throwing a quick look over his shoulder to see if John was following him again, but he stayed put this time, knowing it would be unwise to upset the poor bloke even more.
“Sherlock, God, there you are.”
“Alright?” he asked and Sherlock liked the way his breath felt hot against his face.
He thought of the day when he was eleven and his so-called friend Victor had pointed at him lying in that puddle of mud, laughing along with the others. Calling him an idiot. Just like John had, a couple of times now.
“Hey, Tonya. Great that you’re here. You look nice.” His tone was friendly, but he was a little irritated that she had already kissed him. They hadn’t even had a drink yet, let alone been on the dancefloor together.
Greg simply nodded and after a few moments of silence asked softly “When do you think he’s gonna wake up?”
He grabbed Sherlock’s long thin arms and with great effort, pulled the Belstaff off his body. It was very heavy, and he lost at least ten seconds trying to manoeuvre the thick wool around Sherlock’s bony shoulders. When it was finally off, floating away like a misshaped manta ray, John grabbed Sherlock by the waist and began to swim towards the surface.
“I’ll see you later then, Sherlock!” John called after them but of course, he got no answer. He took a deep breath, trying not to keep calm. He had to talk to Sherlock later, for now, he would have to tend to his duties, he could reconcile with his friend afterwards. Hopefully.
There was no way of getting around it and he had to do it quickly. He had to make sure and he couldn’t bear going on without knowing. So he would risk it. And if he was wrong, he might lose John’s friendship.
“Oh yes, I know, John Watson, “she said, her eyes twinkling cheekily.
“And you, Victor. Shouldn’t you be careful, trying to find someone to have sex with after what happened last week? Yes, I’m talking about the incident at Madame Martine’s where you snorted so much cocaine you weren’t even able to get it up, and that after you already paid for - what was it - three Omega prostitutes at once? A shame really, such a waste. And you really shouldn’t waste any more money, not after your father lost thousands of pounds investing in that Austrian firm that crashed at the stock market last month. You’re his beloved Alpha son, you really owe it to him to be less self-indulgent. But I see you’re still planning on snorting cocaine on a regular basis. Haven’t really learned your lesson then?”
“Alright. Thanks, Frederic.”
“Just come at me Victor, if you like. I could take you.”
Greg nodded grimly. The Inspector knew Sherlock’s tendency to run into trouble better than anybody. He had seen Sherlock ignoring danger first-hand, chasing after criminals without thinking, even provoking them although they were armed. He had seen him get hurt because of that but somehow that never seemed to deter the man from doing it all over again. But this time was a little different. Sherlock was behaving like always, but him having been sexually attacked just two days before, that was a new one. Sherlock was bound to be even more of an unpredictable explosive than usual.
John frowned. “Why not?”
“Now I’m kissing you.”
“Indeed he did. I’ve been here since yesterday at three o’clock. It was a little spontaneous – me being sent here, I mean - but I’m used to this from Mr. Holmes, so I didn’t mind.”
Scott would not be impressed either. The Beta had already received all his equipment and was standing a few meters away. He had donned the lab coat over his black ensemble of clothes, and despite everything, John’s lips curled up as he stole a glance at the adorable sight, the slightly too-big coat swamping the young Beta’s thin frame.
“That is correct, “he said slowly. He didn’t ask how the student had known the answer, an answer he couldn’t have known because it hadn’t been taught yet. He just accepted that he had.
Greg raised his hands, as John’s pacing was turning more hectically. He was practically vibrating with sudden fury. “Calm down, John, we’re going to find him.”
She had smiled at him, her eyes warm and kind, and she had stroked his cheek fondly. “Take good care of yourself, John Watson, “she had said.
He noticed Mike’s worried look, could smell his scent sour slightly with unease, and he bent his head towards him, careful to speak quietly. “Oi, don’t worry, old pal. We’ll study together, show that old goose what we’re made of, right?”
He probably needed to tell Sherlock. It was only fair. Now that he had realized this, it was almost killing him not to talk about it. He wasn’t sure what he was going to tell Sherlock, he wasn’t sure he wanted anything between them to happen. Maybe it was better just to fantasize about all of this, without ever actually doing anything?
“Hey, hey, “John said with a chuckle, in spite of his growing anxiety, “no reason to insult me. I haven’t insulted you, have I?. I just asked you out. You don’t date, alright I got it. I’d still like to get to know you.”
As the man stared at him with an obvious question mark on his face Sherlock realized that he was expected to tell the man his name, too. Well, he couldn’t tell him the truth, that was obvious. He just wasn’t in the mood for another fan harassing him for details about murder cases, he was too tired for that.
Then she found the bandage on his shoulder. “What’s this, sweetheart? Have you hurt yourself?” She ruthlessly ripped off the bandage and he had to bite his lip hard to avoid screaming out loud.
The glare intensified. “It’s obvious, isn’t it?”
“You’re all looking at me like monkeys at the zoo. I realize that my workload is not what anyone would call ‘easy’ - he accentuated the word with quotation marks in the air, scoffing in disgust - “...but you’re no beginners. You’re fourth-semesters, I can expect some sort of proficiency here, can’t I?”
They still had a lot of things to talk about. Lots of things to work out, things that needed to heal. John would help Sherlock with anything he needed. Sherlock was already making John the happiest man he could possibly be.
John cracked his knuckles in frustration, ignoring the wary look Greg was giving him from the side.
Her eyes darted nervously between the two men staring at each other like madmen.
On an impulse, he stormed back into the living room. “Sherlock, I’m asking you to just stop doing this, “he pleaded, his voice less heated than before but still very agitated. “Please, you are not okay…”
The green-blue eyes opened, just barely and there was an almost indiscernible nod of the head. “Y-yes.”
But as soon as that thought shot through his mind, he shook his head. He knew that wasn’t true. He gritted his teeth, utterly annoyed with himself. He felt like he was the worst coward in the world. He knew he was lying to himself, apparently, he had been doing so for quite some time.
Feeling strangely dazed, John tried to steer his thoughts into another direction. He thought of Sherlock’s tendency to forget his own safety, obsessed with chasing after criminals without thinking. Why did he always run off into danger, letting himself get hurt?
A few students raised their hands, confident in their answers because this belonged to the things all of them had learned in their very first semester. It was basic knowledge for medicine students, they would need to apply it daily the moment they became doctors.
He still couldn’t help searching the room every time he went to a new course, trying to find a certain Beta student with pale blue eyes and dark unruly curls, but to his great disappointment, he didn’t encounter him again. Magnussen’s class seemed to be the only course the two of them attended together, which made sense because Scott wasn’t even studying medicine. Still, John had foolishly clung to the hope that they would share more than one class together, and when his last course on Friday afternoon was over he found himself clenching his jaw in disappointment on his way back to his dorm, his mood once again taking a turn for the worse after he had managed to put the snappish Beta out of his mind for a while.
He answered his own question:
“Come on, John, “the voice he now recognized as Greg’s implored, breathing heavily, “calm down. Please. It’s over.”
“See you!”
Mycroft had been right of course. That he had been sure of when he had defeated Irene by exposing her feelings for him. Checkmate. Game over.
“John! You need to get ready, quick!” Sherlock pulled him up by the arm. When John simply stared at him without making a move, he made a shooing gesture with his hands and when John still did not react, he shoved him towards the bathroom.
They finally arrived after what seemed like an eternity but in reality, had only been ten minutes. John jumped out of the car the second it stopped, and Greg followed him with a concerned look on his face.
Suddenly, Magnussen stood in front of them. Long wiry fingers landed on the desk in front of him, and the heavy, wooden scent of an older Alpha filled his nostrils. There was something in his scent that caught John’s attention, something that unexpectedly made his stomach churn and his eyes widened when he realized what it was: excitement. Professor Magnussen was loving this, torturing his students, unmistakably getting off on his power he held over them. It was downright sickening and John barely suppressed a growl, the instinctual reaction to another threatening Alpha.
He didn’t know why it affected him so much. He wasn’t afraid of guns and he had been in similar life-threatening situations before. He was not scared of this vile, stupid woman, why was he feeling as if he’d burst from despair and horror any second now?
“Sherlock, is everything alright?” he asked in his usual acerbic tone, although there was a hint of concern underneath it.
“Yes, I do. You wanted to say you’re sorry for what you did last time we talked, treating me like that. You were going to promise you would never do something ‘Alpha’ like that again, that you’d normally never behave like that, that you don’t know what got into you. That you hoped I gave you another chance.”
Instead, he dreamt.
They stopped in front of one of the rooms, where in contrast to before nobody was waiting in front. Mike pushed the door open, John right behind him.
“Nonsense, Sherlock, “she muttered, then she looked back, “are you coming? But only this once, as you know I’m not your housekeeper, dear.”
A tiny quiver at the corner of Sherlock’s lips told him his message had been received. Then the eyes closed again, and Sherlock’s head lolled to the side as he groaned in open discomfort.
“That one seems nice, don’t you think?” James shouted into their ears. He was pointing at a girl in the middle of the dancefloor. She was tall and beautiful, her body moving gracefully to the rhythm of the music, and John nodded with a small whistle.
“I don’t remember it all, I was drugged with Rohypnol, four milligrams. There are only bits and pieces, images in my head, but …. not everything and not all put together, “Sherlock said, his voice strained. This was hard on him and he was very reluctant to answer but apparently, he had resigned himself to the task.
John groaned. “Do we have to do this now, Greg?”
John perked up at that. “What. Why?”
She stared at him, slack-jawed and wide-eyed, and he made an impatient gesture with his hand, urging her to answer.
He made quick work with a huge plaster that he cut into the appropriate size and carefully applied to the still-messy wound on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Maybe, to an extent, “John admitted. “But I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that. You were in the hospital, just a few hours after suffering from a second physical assault on you, you were under an impossible strain and I’ve added to that, bloody arse that I am. I am so sorry for doing that to you, Sherlock, seriously I can only ask that you forgive me.”
“No, “he moaned softly as his head jerked to the side, his eyes still closed, “get away from me.” He bit his lip in his sleep, little gasps of air leaving his slightly parted lips as he shivered and curled into himself. “Please, no.”
Who knew?
Sherlock was a shivering mess in his arms, and he didn’t say anything at first, still wheezing for air, his eyes wide open with confusion, his body weak in John’s vice-grip.
It was when she asked him to take off his trousers that he really looked unhappy.
“Oh.” John’s guilt and self-accusation were mirrored in Mycroft’s short reply.
But Sherlock Holmes was a child, and a virgin. She wasn't so sure about the "child" part, now, and definitely wished she could put an end to the "virgin" one. But Sherlock was also a genius. A very, very lonely genius, who had apparently been completely impervious to anyone's kindness or love before he'd met John Watson. From what Moriarty had told Irene, the landlady, the D.I., and the silly mortuary worker had not especially changed when John had burst into Sherlock's life. But the consulting detective's perception of them had started to change.
John did not add the
"I'm not sure how I'm supposed to take that."
Groaning, you cut the song short and pick up the phone.
no matter the cost. He even texted
John had been racking his brain and trying to figure out the situation. He was evidently falling in love with Sherlock – but not quite there yet, hopefully.
"Mm?" Sherlock replied distractedly, sucking John's earlobe experimentally, then biting it as if he were getting bored with its lack of response.
"Thought I'd already done that."
Sherlock swallows. John simply stares at him for a while.
"I know, you've told me."
"You're impossible."
"Kiss me."
"Sherlock..?"
"I see..."
The notebook.
"Why am I the one carrying the suitcase, again?" John groaned.
What would
Excited, then. However her face drops when she meets his eyes. They're probably still empty, thinks John, and he wonders if they look like a dead fish's. He chuckles at the thought, and Harry stares. Yes, yes, he's all right, it's fine. Still a bit hammered is all. She would know, wouldn't she?
John smiled and kissed him on the lips, deepening the contact gradually and drowning in the exhilarating warmth of his mouth, the addictive softness. Such deep craving was making him woozy.
When you get out of the building, Sherlock stops abruptly in his tracks and you bump into him.
"Thank you for your input, Mycroft," Sherlock said. "Was there anything else?"
"Why do you eat stuff you find on your doorstep without knowing where they're from?"
"I haven't, actually. But I'm not hungry."
"That bad?"
"Well, it
"You really are idiotic, sometimes."
They locked eyes, grinning. Eluf brought their drinks, and Jeff held up his glass to Yngvar, who brought his own glass to his lips, never breaking eye contact. They drank.
"SHERLOCK! WAIT, SHERLOCK!"
"You told me you didn't throw up so much..."
"Just wait a minute."
"Why are you laughing?"
Sherlock felt a lump in his throat. Give up the Work? Could he really do that and live with himself? It was already hard enough as it was...
"Don't kneel down when I don't ask you to."
Except John wouldn't be happy. At all.
"Who?"
The couple next to them was starting to stare. Sebastian smiled sweetly.
"What did you say?"
"Oh God. So when you said you were travelling abroad shooting people..."
"What are you doing here?" Sherlock asked, not even looking at the Woman. He thought she had just spoken but he hadn't been listening. Why did she have to intrude now of all times? "I swear your husband doesn't know how to keep an eye on you."
"Many people assume we are, because he is ridiculously loyal and devoted to me. This just shows what a good man he is: he's my flatmate, friend and doctor, and I am aware sometimes he must feel more like a baby-sitter than anything else."
Sherlock snorted as Lestrade exchanged a knowing smile with the landlady.
Sherlock's face remained inscrutable.
One of his own jumpers. Why would he take a jumper?
"Well I'm sure there must be something like Deduction for Dummies on the market."
The only thing Sherlock was presently realizing, though, was that John had no idea of what he was doing. Or rather, he had all the elements and was well aware of the situation, but still acted stupidly. It did not make any sense.
. Siberia had been worst, though, and so you didn't complain – mentally, that is. You could no longer complain a lot to... well, anyone, really.
"You have a sense of... pride? I'm afraid that's rather misplaced on your part. You should aim at...fluffiness? You are rather fluffy after all."
"Why am I even thinking about this?" you mumble as you get under the shower. Sherlock never spent too much time in the bathroom. Just the necessary amount of time to be perfectly clean. Now that you think about it, it's funny that he didn't spend more time in baths, for instance. The way he used to lie sprawled on the sofa could have meant that he liked taking baths. But he didn't. Or at least, he never took any. He would have most likely found it extremely boring – he couldn't stay in the same place for too long, after all. And shooting the tiles would have caused more damage than shooting the wall. You smile.
We couldn't get anywhere. All I know is that people have been talking about a woman."
"My wife is dead!"
Of course, having a tiger around was more problematic than having a manul, who could pass for an ordinary if plushy cat to anyone who wasn't a specialist. Still, he'd been snappy and bossy all day. Sherlock was being considerate. Obviously he was getting his own fun from it, John could tell, but he was still putting a
Sherlock fell back into the armchair limply. He could kill Moran. Perhaps he should. Sherlock hated riddles. Now he hated Moriarty more than he ever had. Sebastian Moran was the worst riddle of all.
"Yes, John."
Sherlock froze and almost missed a note – almost. He blinked, then seemed to consider the different (and very varied) options that were being offered to him. It was extremely difficult, all the more so as he'd set up all this little romantic outdoors 'stroll' only for John's benefit. Even if the doctor himself had never realized it, Sherlock had deduced that 'sex out in the open' was definitely one of his fantasies, and since he still seemed a little upset about not having been able to touch Sherlock the previous night, the consulting detective just thought it would be a good idea to give him the opportunity. Yet here he was, poking his cheeks, pulling them gently, playing with his nose, his earlobes, his curls, tracing his chin and his eyebrows, stroking his lips, as if he were a nice wax figurine, a toy of some kind, and John a five year-old girl.
Sherlock swallowed and started fidgeting.
"Why?"
"Oh, you're with a lady today! And she's not your sister, is she?"
Mary squeezes back reassuringly and gives her a warm smile. She's grateful for her friend to be so concerned about her well-being. But sometimes Cathy can be so obtuse.
If John had seeked someone else that afternoon to compensate Sherlock's shortcomings.
Sherlock scowled, both irritated that John had assumed he was
regret it?"
John sighed in exasperation.
Sherlock's gaze was still fixed on the notes. The one from Helena's fridge said:
John had never been so desperate to find Sherlock since he had first met the consulting detective. To be fair, just this morning they had been kidnapped by Moriarty's henchmen and brought to a basement room where the madman had asked Sherlock to
"Thank you, John," she murmurs. "Thank you."
Rendered speechless by the fascinating twitch, John stopped trying to remove his hand. He wasn't even stroking or rubbing. Sherlock was getting aroused from the contact of John's palm through the sheet alone.
The doctor really should have got used to this by now – the detective reading his thoughts and answering them. But he hadn't, and it still amazed him each and every time.
“It’s John by the way.” Sherlock gripped the man’s proffered hand and nodded.
“Yes well, the friend I was waiting on was a no show.” The man’s face fell at the word friend. Why? Did he want Sherlock to be alone?
Sherlock never looked away from the door. The man, apparently convincing himself he was too good to be refused, spoke again.
“Yes I said no. Shocking! But seeing as how your ten thousand dollar watch and Italian leather shoes are clearly making up for your obvious receding hairline and your inability to commit, probably has something to do with the wife and three kids you have at home, and your rather unimpressive penis, you’d be wasting your money anyway.” The man went red in the face and repeatedly opened and closed his fist as if he was deciding whether or not to take a swing at the man before him. Sherlock merely turned back to the door.
The Bartender had an English accent, possibly north London. His posture suggested military, as did his haircut. He’d been injured, he was favouring his left arm. Possible gunshot wound. The tan lines on the back of his neck and wrist suggest somewhere that had been adorned with constant sun. So Afganistan or Iraq. Now that he had his back to him Sherlock was only slightly distracted by his rather attractive ass. FOCUS! He shook his head as he deduced more. He moved as if he was uncomfortable with the movements. So fairly new as a bartender then. The sleeves of his shirt had been rolled up to the elbow and Sherlock could just barely make out the bottom of a tattoo on his forearm. Harry? Hmm, could be a significant other? No, the Bartender didn’t seem to be the non-sensible type. So a family member then. One only gets a tattoo of a family member if they’re deceased or a child. So which one? The Bartender stretched upward at that moment to reveal a date on the tattoo. Dated nearly ten years ago. Sherlock estimated the age of the Bartender around thirty. So leaning toward family member. The Bartender had a ring on his right hand from Bart’s medical college. So a doctor. An army doctor? Intriguing. Sherlock startled as the Bartender placed the new drink in front of him. Sherlock glanced up then took a sip of the purple liquid in front of him. It was good. Refreshing actually. Vodka. Cranberry. What else was that? He looked back up at the Bartender and smiled.
“No.”
“Right, yeah, well, uh, have a good one then.” He stuck his hand out in front of him and looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. God those eyes.
“No?!” The man’s eyes flare with almost anger.
“Ok.” He paused as if thinking of the concept. He quickly shook his head and looked back to Sherlock. Once again locking his eyes with the other man’s.
“Some are idiots.” Sherlock replied automatically. He waited for the insult back. Or the harsh glare and turning of the man’s back to him. But it never came. The man just smiled wider. Sherlock swallowed hard and looked away from the man’s face. He glanced down at the well toned chest visible even through the black button down he was wearing. His jeans hugged his thighs and Sherlock could just barely see the outline of his phone in his front pocket. The outfit was finished with white suspenders and a polka-dotted bowtie hanging loose around his neck.
He ultimately decided not to take action and spat out, “Asshole!” as he was walking away.
“Yes I suppose they could be.” The bartender eyes lighted with mischief. “Do you want another?” He motioned to Sherlock’s nearly empty drink. When had that happened? Sherlock nodded his head in ascent.
“You’ll have to tell me what it was.”
He felt rather than saw the man sidle up next to him. Too close to be an accident. Too far to be creepy. Sherlock huffed out a breath and steadfastly ignored the pointed look the other man was giving him. He was persistent however. He leaned over into Sherlock’s space and yelled so he could be heard over the noise of the club.
The man nodded.
Since when did Sherlock like to chat? He looked to his watch. He had been here for approximately 3 hours. The main time for entry had passed and he supposed the target wasn’t likely to show up tonight. He turned back toward where the Bartender was serving another drink to a customer. He locked eyes with Sherlock and Sherlock felt his stomach flip at the intensity of his gaze. Sherlock made the universal sign to close his tab and waved good-bye. Forcing himself to turn his back on the gaze of the man, he gathered his coat and scarf and turned toward the door.
“It’s nice to meet you John. The names Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock let go of his hand and it suddenly felt much more heavy than before. He turned with the Barten---NO! John’s eyes on his back. He smiled to himself as he made his way out the door.
“Deleted it? As in you deleted it from your mind?”
“Does it matter?” Sherlock said, all the while still staring at the door.
“Alright fine. Can I get you a drink?”
“Yes.”
At least not ones where the bartender was John the army doctor.
“How about I just make you something and see if you like it?” Sherlock nodded. Had he lost the ability to form a sentence? The bartender turned his back and began pouring various liquids in the shaking tin. As soon as Sherlock had lost contact with the distracting eyes he began processing all he had seen.
“You have gorgeous eyes.” His voice was unusually high for a man’s.
“It’s good. Thank you.”
Nervous.
“Bit harsh don’t ya think?” Sherlock’s head snapped up at the sudden voice. In his distraction with the man he had failed to notice a new bartender take place of the small pink haired woman who had served him his first drink.
“You don’t look like the type to frequent places like this.” Boring.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock muttered. Had the volume of the club lowered drastically? Sherlock couldn’t hear anything but muffled noise, yet heard the bartender’s tenor voice perfectly. Once again the bartender grinned.
“You don’t know? Didn’t you order it?”
“Brillant! You’re observational skills are level now with a toddler. Go away.”
It had been nearly 20 minutes and the Bartender hadn’t checked on him again. Though there wasn’t much of a need. Sherlock’s drink was still mostly full and he couldn’t be possibly bothered to come back to chat when he had other paying customers.
“Yes but I deleted it as soon as I had.” That caused a flash of confusion to run across the bartender’s face.
“I’m sorry?” Was it any more possible for this man’s voice to get higher. Sherlock admittedly sighed once more and turned to face the nameless man. He quickly glanced the man from head to toe and let out a low chuckle.
“But….”
“You said to wait for me and that you wanted to examine me once more. So, let’s get this done quickly, “Sherlock said with resolution in his voice.
“You’re such an idiot, Sherlock! I can't believe you're....” But right at that moment, Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed to the ground.
He knew that speaking to Scott again would be a terrible idea and he had resolved not to do so. But he also knew that he couldn’t rely on his rationality because he knew from past experience that his brain tended to go offline at the sight of the pale young man with the beautiful dark curls and the ridiculously full lips. He had acted upon instinct the two last times he had seen him. Who knew if he wouldn’t do something similar stupid again today?
Greg’s face was full of frustration, then it cleared up a bit when he said, “Maybe he should see a psychiatrist.” John raised his eyebrows skeptically. “No, no, it’s worth a try, he should talk about what happened to him, help him process it.”
. “I just want you to be okay. And it’s not okay to be touched like that, especially if you’ve never been touched intimately ever. I don’t want you to think that you cannot experience physical intimacy with another human being without being coerced into it or making it hurt you.” John’s eyes bored into Sherlock’s as he pleaded with him to understand him but something in his friend’s face told him that he had shut a barrier down. His mouth was a tight line, his hands were clenched into fists at his side.
“But that’s ridiculous! I only saved Sherlock’s life! You know that, Greg!”
Robert smiled to himself as he remembered the way Susanna had even disposed of a few meagre secretaries of his, just because they had been prettier than her. He had told her that she was being ridiculous, that even though they were pretty, good for a quick tumble in the sheets in the afternoon if he felt like it, they couldn’t hold a candle to her.
“I’ll call reinforcements then, “Greg said with a sigh, and he pulled out his phone. All John could do was nod. Hopefully, it was not too late.
“It’s okay. We’re in the shower, I was trying to cool you down. Seems it worked.”
Tilting his head back against the wall behind him, he closed his eyes, deciding to give himself a minute to calm down. He ignored the students passing him by with their stupid, useless chatter and their stupid, useless laughter. But their noises actually helped cool him down and so he just sat there, breathing in and out, allowing the buzzing noises to wash over him, gradually letting the pent-up anger and frustration and this utter,
“So. I’d like to take a look at your shoulder if that’s alright, “John said eventually. “And you need to take your antibiotics, it’s time for your next dose.”
“Please, John.”
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered a little.
(See the end of the chapter for
Their living room, him curled up on the couch, far away in his mind palace, John in his chair, typing away at his blog.
After this friendly little introduction, Professor Magnussen proceeded to explain this semester’s workload to the students. It turned out to be very very much and John noticed several students frowning as they looked at the Power Point presentation with the list of various assignments they had to do in order to pass the class. He suspected that many of them were probably considering switching to another course if they could, hopefully with a kinder professor during this term, or maybe next semester if possible.
The curiosity on his face must have been obvious is, because she grabbed his hand with another laugh.
He opened the first room and was met with a burst of white light, so bright he had to protect his eyes with his arm.
She left with another quick smile at him and he made his way through the masses to find his friends again. They were standing at the bar and he left his empty glass at the counter before he took his place at their side.
“Is that so?” Jack grinned even more, and Sherlock felt disgusted by that slimy leer, the physical attractiveness of the other man fading away in this pathetic display of male arrogance. He couldn’t help flinching when Jack closed his eyes and leaned a little forward to inhale Sherlock’s scent like a total creep. “Hmmm, you smell good, handsome, very inviting.” He opened his eyes again and nudged his nose against Sherlock’s cheek, his breath hot against his skin. “And these cheekbones, God, you’re sexy.”
He had seen, he had observed, but still, he had not realized.
“I assure you, I am, “Sherlock said through gritted teeth. “Why can’t everybody get off my back already? God, what is it with you all today? You’re driving me crazy with all your fussing around. I repeat myself, I am not a child!”
Sherlock was glad that he had finally told John so many things last night. He had seen the relief and gratitude in John’s eyes when he had told him the truth about his fears and anxieties when John had been in prison. It had been very evident that John had needed to hear that, quite desperately so. Sherlock had owed it to him to tell him and he had been equally thankful that John had been honest with him as well.
Sherlock till didn’t react and now John was really worried. He knew Sherlock had the tendency to really delve deep into his mind palace when he wanted to and that it sometimes took him a few seconds to react when being called to. But never had it been like this. Sherlock always came out of his mind palace when John called his name.
“Oh yeah?” John got up from the couch, his voice heated now as he indeed managed to work himself up into a fit. “Please, don’t get too emotional here, it would be really unfitting for a member of the British government, would it? To get all weepy over an annoying little brother!”
John sighed. Both Holmes’ brothers had a hang for the dramatics, really, he sometimes felt as if he was part of a play. “I’m sorry, Mycroft. I would have called earlier but we were on a way to a crime scene.”
Sherlock was still struggling, however. Apparently, the long hours in his mind palace made it hard for him to find his way back into reality.
Dizziness washed over him once more and Sherlock struggled to breathe in and out. His vision was slightly blurry, the room was spinning. He closed his eyes again and wished the pain away when he became aware of the blood trickling down his face. Apparently, the blow to his head had been quite substantial.
He received a text from Greg meanwhile.
“Ta, Greg, I know.” John smiled at his friend with gratitude and they shared a short knowing look. Greg had seen him react to Sherlock’s abuse, both times. He had seen how John had almost blown his fuse at the sight of an injured, helpless Sherlock and he had stood by his side, defending him against his assailants, helping him without thinking twice. Sherlock was not always exactly nice to the DI and he could be a downright pain in the arse when the detective helped him along with cases, with all his bickering and insulting and rushing off crime scenes. But Greg still considered him a friend, someone worth fighting for, and John would be forever grateful for that.
Sherlock would still be stubborn about not getting better. Maybe he would still be upset with John for yelling at him as he had at the hospital. As was his right.
He stopped again, swallowing down another heavy lump in his throat before he regained his composure.
“Come on.“ Mike patted his shoulder twice in sympathy. “You know I’m a great listener. We’ll get some good food into you and then you can tell me all about your conversation with that pale Angelface, alright? I heard they have lemon meringue pie for dessert!”
He forced his eyes to move up from Scott’s mouth to his pale blue eyes, flashing darkly. Scott’s hand felt cold and stiff in his tight grip.
John was all but ready to dispose of his bonds and jump the man. Before he could do that, however, Sherlock rolled his eyes again and spoke, his low baritone refusing to betray even a hint of fear.
John’s heart stuttered in his chest at those words and he froze for a second, uncertain what to do. But Sherlock had no such inhibitions and he pressed further against John’s side, almost as if he wanted to melt into him, so desperate was he for the warmth of the other man’s body.
John swayed a little as he turned around, away from the man he had just beaten into a bloody pulp.  His eyes searched frantically and at once found who he was looking for: Sherlock.
“Alright, alright, I’m sorry!” John said, aghast, immediately taking a step back.
John harrumphed. “It’s a start.”
Sherlock smiled and he withdrew his hand. “I know, John.”
He raised both his hands to quiet his friends down as they continued to cheer at him like a bunch of bloody idiots.
He suddenly felt a little weak in the knees and he followed his instinct without thinking, slinking back against the wall behind him and sliding down until he was sitting on the hard floor, pushing his knees against his chest automatically. A quick panicked look around assured him that John Watson and his friend were indeed no longer nearby and he let ut a deep breath in relief.
Scott’s eyes darkened, suddenly ablaze with rapidly increasing fury. “Not fair? That’s rich coming from you. You arrogant Alphas thinking you’re so much better than everyone else, taking and touching other people as you seem fit no regardless of whether they want it or not, that is not fair!”
Sherlock took John’s hand from his shoulder, his grip steady although John could feel his hands were still trembling. “Please, don’t John, “he whispered. “You don’t need to say those things just to make me feel better. And I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I’m tired, I can’t do this now.”
John Watson took a step back, shaking his head fiercely. “Scott, come on! Do you listen to yourself? Honestly!”
Unfortunately, there's not much of Sherlock in this one.
John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head as he held the other man tight against him.
Worried, John pushed Sherlock a little away so that he could get a good look at him, but Sherlock whimpered and tried to push himself back against John’s body again.
John nodded and he leaned forward to quietly talk into Sherlock’s ear. “Sherlock, I’m sorry, we have to take a blood sample from you now, I fear its gonna sting for a second. But I’m right here, it’s only gonna last a second, okay?”
He bolted out of the apartment, barely taking the time to reach for his jacket, and then he was on the street, calling for a cab. He jumped into it, the second it halted, bellowed the address at the driver. They drove off and John sat forward in his anxiousness to just get there fast, get to Sherlock. He just hoped he could get there in time before Sherlock could do something stupid.
“Well, that’s a relief, “John said, and he felt grim satisfaction at the thought of that animal spending a lot of time in prison, suffering for what he had done to his friend.
, his mind provided, desperate to keep on analysing.
Then his face changed, his eyes narrowing as he gave John a thorough once-over. “Yes?” he asked, his tone betraying his vexation at being addressed out of the blue like this. His voice was surprisingly deep for someone looking so very young and it did
John threw him an exasperated look, but Scott simply stared back at him, defying him to tell him anything different.
Fortunately for him, he was being rewarded for his troubles. He had been escorted out of the room by Greg and was already halfway back into his cell, when a young officer came jogging, calling Greg’s name. Greg leaned forward and the man whispered into his ear, glancing at John curiously while doing so.
He didn’t know if Sherlock suspected what John was going to say to him. The man was a brilliant genius, a proper magician who seemed to be able to predict what people were going to say just by taking one long look at them. It was a trick that still amazed John whenever he witnessed Sherlock doing it and it still made him feel as if he was in love with a mythical being from another world, so brilliant and bright that its light was blinding him. Was he worthy of this unearthly creature?
“John?”
He needed to know who Scott Williams was.
John’s own breathing suddenly quickened as Alpha and Beta stared at one another, their faces only inches away from each other. Desire flashed hot and demanding in the pit of John’s stomach as he couldn’t help but focus on those perfectly-shaped lips, slightly moist, irresistibly alluring, and he wanted to kiss them, claim them, to mark them as his.
Sherlock didn’t make any fuss as John got up to get the antibiotics and tape and gauze to change the dressing. He took his medicine without complaint and he didn’t say anything when John’s hand casually slid around his wrist, silently taking his pulse. He blushed, however, when John gently asked him to remove his shirt and he quickly pulled it over his head to hide his reddening cheeks, feeling absolutely mortified.
They lay there on the cold ground for a few minutes. After a while, they both calmed down, their breathing slowing down, their bodies going slack against each other. John could feel the adrenaline seeping out of his body, leaving his limbs heavy and useless, and he was suddenly terribly exhausted again.
Suddenly, his phone rang completely tearing him out of his thoughts. He startled and the tea nearly spilled out of the cup had it not been half-drained already. Quickly, he put the cup down and jumped out of the chair to fumble for his phone in the pockets of his Belstaff coat. Finally, he found it.
“Well, yes, “John said, “but you know he needs to sign a consent form for that, and he’ll not do that soon because he’ll be asleep for a while. I’ll ask him if he wants to get one done as soon as he’s awake.” He very much doubted Sherlock would want to have one done but he didn’t say so. It wasn’t important right now.
“What?” The Alpha only stared at him in shock. “Plot this? With whom?”
He then quickly brushed his teeth and ran out of the bathroom, dressed in only a towel.
“Now hear this, “he said, raising his voice, letting his eyes roam over them as if he was a Captain announcing the next drill to his soldiers. “I’m going to ask a few questions, all of which should be no problem for you to answer if you’ve studied Casarett and Doull’s ‘Toxicology - The Basic Science of Poisons’, like I asked you to in my e-mail to everyone enrolled on this course. I will single out students randomly, those chosen will have to answer those questions. Anyone not able to give the correct answer to the question is out of the class. Understood?”
“Sherlock, come back!”
“Come here, “he said quietly, and he pulled off his scarf, and gently raised Sherlock’s head to shove it underneath him. He repositioned himself on his side, pulling Sherlock close again. They laid there on their sides, turned towards each other, still trying to catch their breath. Sherlock, though as exhausted as John and in desperate need of medical attention, his eyes half-lidded, smiled.
I've posted Chapters 18 and 19 at once, so don't forget to read Chapter 18
He ran a hand through his hair, swallowed heavily as he stared out of the car’s window, trying to prepare himself mentally for anything that could await him at the flat. Anger, disappointment, resentment – he could deal with all that. It would be hard, and Sherlock could be really mean when he wanted to, even more than in his usual ‘subconscious’ meanness. But he would take it all, swallow it down and then force Sherlock to let him take care of him. Make him see that he really needed to rest, to look after himself.
“Why?”
The ride home in Mycroft’s car was almost bearable, to Sherlock’s utmost surprise. He didn’t like being in such a confined space with his older brother, had always felt suffocated, as if he couldn’t breathe near that insufferable man he shared his blood with. He had often been forced to endure it though, as Mycroft had always had the tendency to hover near him, he always liked to know his little brother’s whereabouts and this led to him giving Sherlock a ride home more often than Sherlock liked to admit.
"Thank you for your time, doctor. Sir," he added with a nod to her brother, and turned to leave. But George didn't seem inclined to let him go so easily. He grabbed his arm just as Sherlock was about to pass the door.
him, and that was something the consulting detective wasn't used to. Sometimes corpses, victims, criminals surprised him, and that was why the Work was so thrilling – he had to solve the case, make sense out all of those disparate elements, link the dots to get the final picture. Through his deductions and his logic, he could shed light on anything.
Truth be told, John too had goals he was intent on fulfilling tonight. Admittedly they weren't as ambitious as Sherlock's, but they were of great importance to John: first of all, to establish a link, both empirical and psychological, between Sherlock's thighs and his buttocks. To this effect, John knew he had to weave the sensation back from the thighs to the buttocks, and replace the traumatic coldness of unwanted hands with a new energy that would be Sherlock's very own, and no one else's.
"You finally reached your limit and told Sherlock you loved him. Didn't you?"
A wild screech filled the room as the manul scratched the floor with his claws, desperately trying to resist. In vain. But Sherlock knew it would be too painful to go on holding him up by his tail – even though mostly fur, he was undoubtedly heavy as well – so he soon had the cat pinned to the bed.
He lowered himself until he could snuggle up to Sherlock's chest and sneaked a hand into his trousers, biting a nipple through the fabric and grabbing his shaft. Sherlock started, then froze completely. This snapped John out of his voluptuous confusion and he pulled his hand back when he saw his partner was trembling.
He  went into the kitchen as Sherlock studied the room. Nothing unusual to  be noticed, the man truly was ingenuous. Not enough to fool a Holmes,  though. The whole aspect of the flat was too elaborated to be real.  Everything had been put into place so he, Sherlock (or who the killer  had deduced he was) would feel at ease. But this time, the player had  been played.
"Yes, well, you've made that point quite clear already, and I've told you I do not
Seb gave him that stare he knew Moriarty found most amusing, for it conveyed quite effectively his blasé mindset, that wouldn't even bother with a sigh.
"Don't even try to start analysing me."
Lestrade wanted to say something but his throat was dry and his teeth, clenched. He met her eyes. His were burning.
Mycroft sighed.
'Goode'en to ye, Brooklet, Brooklet,' says she; 'I'm seeking the stars in the sky to play with. Have you seen any?'
You frown.
would know.
But instead he had told her that it was she who would need him eventually.
Sherlock squatted down and looked at the cat. John was, undeniably, more pleasing to the eye. And to the touch.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Have a very nice day! And sorry for, um, insulting your cat."
"We're
"It's true I don't want you to leave. It's true I want to tie you down to me. But John, if you are not ready for this, if this is not what you
Sherlock was almost surprised at his own barking voice. Almost. Not many things surprised him, these days. Not many things at all. He looked absent-mindedly at the man's back disappear into the crowd.
John thought, but he was wise enough not to type it.
John frowns.
They exchanged a look, and broke into laughter. A few hours later, Sebastian was supporting Ron on the street, half-carrying him and trying to hail a cab – but of course, seeing their poor state, none were stopping.
"They may. What elements really marked you in the dream?"
He forced himself to smile encouragingly so she would tell them what she wanted with them. Sherlock was looking around the pub grumpily, and Miss Blackwell was staring at the table as if it was the most interesting thing in the world. John repressed a sigh.
John was obviously trying not to glare at the intruder, and utterly failing.
"John."
He chuckled, a little manically perhaps, which earned him an arched eyebrow. Sherlock put his phone away.
"Nothing. I love you."
. Stop wallowing in your guilt, Mycroft. Something happened to me and you could do nothing. It completely escaped you and when you realized, it was too late. How frustrating must it be, I wonder?"
"Sherlock..."
It wasn't really a question but he still managed to sound nonplussed about it.
Sebastian ran a hand down his spine and Sherlock felt sick.
Sherlock froze. After a few seconds, he finally looked up at his flatmate.
Sherlock stiffened. He would
"Posh."
for him to come and have his way. He must have deduced this from John's little confession earlier. This was the most absurd deduction he'd ever made, though – not to mention horrifying.
Sherlock frowns. "You said it was, yesterday." He instantly regrets his words, seeing how ashamed they seem to make John. "Listen, John, I... You don't have to go anywhere."
"She was always there. She too always counted."
John looks away awkwardly. Spot on, then. You frown.
"I'm sorry."
"Yes. The names of the hitmen they've employed regularly for the past twenty years."
"John. What are you saying?"
"I just can't believe he's never coming back. I didn't want to believe it," Greg murmured. His voice faltered and he served himself more tea, which he drank in one go as if it were vodka.
"Yes, I guess I can try to do that tomorrow... You think someone tried to poison you?"
Once again, he was brought back to reality by Sherlock's peculiar sense of conversation during sex.
"Molly?"
"It's not your fault, Inspector Lestrade. You mustn't let yourself think it's your fault."
"Do you
"Seriously?"
"I thought you had something important you wanted to share?"
Sherlock frowned in confusion.
Silence.
They fell quiet. Again.
he feels like it." He had made her blood boil, acting as if he knew and understood John better than she did, just because he was so
The detective snorted.
"Oh, I'm sure he does."
"Where?"
"Oh. I almost forgot. Here."
"You just wanted to make me go out?!"
"Do not add injure to injury, Mr. Holmes. Things are already hard enough as they are."
John bit his lip and tried to slip off Sherlock's lap to look him straight in the eye, but was surprised to feel a pair of long arms encircle him, refusing to let go.
It didn't cross your mind that this was quite uncharacteristic behaviour on his part. He was whipped again, repeatedly, his body contorting in pain, getting redder and bloodier with each strike. His screams echoed in your ears like the most beautiful music you'd ever heard –
"Can't you tell?" John mumbled, averting his gaze.
"And I got aroused while
Sherlock was your friend, but he was more than a friend.
God, John's brain must have been a mess. But right now, he very much wanted to indulge in wishful thinking.
"You may not," Sherlock replied absently before turning and leaving. John stared, befuddled, stammered an apology to the woman, and ran after him.
His voice is desperate – and you can hear the implied plea.
John looked him in the eye and gave his hand a little squeeze. Sherlock could not tell whether it was out of affection, or more like a warning.
You find that you love sharing smiles with her.
Sherlock was so glad he had to repress a triumphant smirk. He was still terrified and felt like he was walking on thin ice, but he was determined to get John to talk. And when supplementary data was needed, Sherlock was quite unscrupulous as to the means to get it.
John interrupted him with a kiss, swallowing his babble from his very lips.
"Why are you being so aggressive? I just came to have a little chat," he protested. He was quite good at mimicking his master, John thought gloomily. "And to invite you over," Sebastian added with a smile that did not bode well.
"Here, let me."
"Mrs. Cubitt," Sherlock said, extending his hand to shake hers, "such a pleasure to meet you. Finally!"
"I am sending you away for two days, Seb. Stop complaining and just go."
Sebastian stared.
John thought. Then it hit him.
His voice breaks.
"I'm afraid that's not going to be possible," Sherlock cut in, perhaps a little too stiffly. John tilted his head to the side inquisitively. What in the world did the detective have in mind for today?
"If you don't want dessert, we should go," his friend cut in promptly, standing up. John hurried after him, thanking Angelo on the way, and caught Sherlock's arm just outside the restaurant. It was still raining.
"You were having a nightmare, and you just seemed so lonely and so desperate... You cried out his name again."
"I've missed you," he murmurs, leaning in to place a kiss on your temple. He'll want to shave this morning, you note absently, although you don't mind his prickling skin.
When Mycroft finally turned to the door, Mme Dessaut was long gone. Soon, they'd meet their eighteenth French governess.
"Goodbye?" He seems genuinely surprised. "Why would I want to say goodbye?"
"What?"
He shakes his head. Mary smiles. It's good to know John has such friends as Greg. She's glad the D.I. and him overcame what had brought them apart in Sherlock's death, and still enjoy each other's company, perhaps now more than before.
"Oh, you've got a text from Molly. Would you like me to read it to you?"
Sherlock chuckled at John's outraged expression. It was so comical on the flat, plushy face, and it made the manul look even rounder.
"Oh come on John, a big boy like you," Sherlock teased, locating the tensed or twitching spots and penetrating them gradually but forcefully with his fingertips.
It is constructed as an echo to Sherlock's, really, and so it doesn't look like a journal at all. Every day, you put down in it remarks about what Sherlock has written in the Mathematics notebook from 1985 and 1986. Observations, hypotheses, anything. Sometimes, when you're just too tired, you simply complain and ramble about stupid cryptic mad geniuses.
right. I'm not OK."
The hurt in his voice was unmistakable. Sherlock felt his chest twist with remorse.
"Brad and Helena worked as hitman and hitwoman back in the United States. They decided to change their lifestyle and leave everything behind when Helena got pregnant. Helena did not tell Brad that she continued to perform her job, and he felt betrayed when he found out. Someone sent him those documents to prove that she had not given up anything. Brad fell in love with Henry, divorced Helena. She could not get revenge by killing Henry directly, because Brad would have gone to the police with these documents. Conversely, as long as Henry was alive, Brad was reluctant to sell his wife to the police, because it would've put him in jail as well. I assume he did not believe she would break the
Or maybe he'd long fallen asleep. In any case, he spoke no other words that night.
"I came almost as many times as you did, you know," he admitted reluctantly.
"No, not at all!"
John snarled. The girl started, but the little boy grinned mischievously.
At this you open your eyes. But then you understand he meant
at the very moment Lestrade burst into their living-room. John turned and smiled at him.
"Knowing the Woman, I'm sure that's a lie," Sherlock muttered, and Victor smiled.
But never doubt it for a second: you are good. You can never be Moriarty, because you are a good man. And anyone who believes otherwise is a fool.
Sherlock was stroking John's fur absent-mindedly. He was happy to see him here. Naturally, he realized that John was very upset.
. That hit you like a slap to the face. You don't know why, it was to be expected after all – good, it's even good, it means John's falling for it. Yes, that's good.
Sherlock grunted and fell back to the floor as his left leg gave way under his body. John seemed to seize the opportunity and applied pressure around the wound, then on the different pressure points, probably those that were more likely to help stop the bleeding. Sherlock ground his teeth but couldn't hold back a whimper.
Sherlock freezes by the wardrobe, and turns to give you a look. You feel your face heat up.
"If you're still being sarcastic, then you can keep your eyes open. Look at me."
Waiting here in the silence the nagging feeling that had been bothering him all day was becoming uncomfortably stronger. Strange thoughts about someone somewhere – London, perhaps? – eating from the nonexistent Lotus tree.
But for now, you just smile.
"You're right. It isn't. Now get out of my sight."
"Was that the last piece of furniture?" Seb inquires as he comes back from the room with Mary.
"I'm a doctor, let me–"
"Go, then. Have your fun with the Virgin."
"Sherlock?"
"Then don't be a fool now and don't change your mind. You know it's for the best, anyone would. It's quite simple."
"Hello?"
"What? What do you see?" John asked, obviously lost, and certainly not seeing anything.
"Sherlock, what was that?"
"I said it's nothing, John."
The panic had triumphed and he'd started running around the flat, looking for a sign, anything, anything at all his friend might have left for John to find him because it couldn't be, he couldn't be dead, couldn't have killed himself.
"Seb... John said I should tell you he's ready to bring you on a tour any time you want. You know, if you want to retrace–"
A shot. A cry.
The bloody case that just had to involve Maggie's family as well. Why did she have to come this morning?
That he'd doubted what he'd seen. And John hadn't understood. John had been angry with him and Sherlock had to explain. That he'd seen it, but couldn't believe it... just like John did not believe him.
But is it only one thing?
"Thank you."
"The smileys. On the screen, they're GIF images and they move, don't they?"
and the complete
"I'm not scared!" Sherlock exclaimed, his head snapping back up towards his friend. "I am not scared," he repeated, weighing each word. His eyes were now blazing.
"SHERLOCK!"
say and what you
‘Aren’t your kitchens in the basement?’
The elder Holmes's mouth twisted into a slightly bitter smile. "Have I been forgiven, then?" he said sarcastically. Mary did not even seem to notice his tone. Or perhaps she ignored it.
"Did you cook it yourself?"
He'd just burst into the flat, barely answered his very legitimate questions, jumped on him to snog him senseless and he wasn't even
"Why do you think the Mafia is involved?"
"I'm not sure this is the best position for..." John trailed off.
But then it occurred to him.
Sherlock's anger deflated at once at the genuine bitterness in his brother's tone.
John in manul form, and—
"I asked Mr. Moran to tamper with a picture of you and Jim together."
Mycroft arched an eyebrow.
Naturally he'd had to talk to Mummy.
"I feed upon it and extinguish it"
Sherlock was trying to call Shinwell, to no avail. "The line is engaged. Please call back later."
"Well... Can you report it to anyone?"
"Sorry, just a minute. Hello? Oh, Mary. Hey. Yes. Yeah, well..."
"I just wish... I just wish he were here. I want him to be here. He should've told John, he..."
The detective was now pounding into the bed, grinding his thigh and knee against John's groin rhythmically. The sounds they made and the creaking of the bed were so suggestive John could no longer take it and wrapped his free arm around his friend's torso, spreading his legs lewdly and thrusting his hips with fervour in a desperate attempt to get more contact, more friction, more...
It didn't seem to bother him that a manul arrived from God knows where was still in his living-room as he was about to try and take a nap. To be fair, said manul had a powerful death glare, but other than that didn't look very frightening. Sherlock curled on the couch, his back to the cat. It was so much like John, he thought. It snapped, but would eventually come back, of that he was absolutely certain. He wasn't sure how long it would take, though, and that was bad news for for his unoccupied mind that craved
John chuckled and his hand playing the
The crime scene was exactly as described in the anonymous letter. Whoever had written it claimed to have received this "request" from the victim himself, Brad Campbell.
"I'm going back to the room, you're pissing me off," Seb grumbled as he stood up. "And I'm tired of being locked up in a different hotel room every day, too! This isn't a life!"
"That's not necessary," Sherlock muttered with discontent, hating to be treated like... well, a wounded man.
He shakes his head. There is something like tenderness in his gaze.
"You are rather sensitive."
John smiles. "Oh yes it was."
"Jim got what he wanted," he eventually said, taking his pack of cigarettes out of his pocket and lighting one. "As always."
The argument with Mary ended just like that, and when you got the results from Molly, she made no comments. She seemed to be elsewhere. It was better if she didn't worry too much anyway. You worry enough for the two of you.
John interrupted him by licking down the side of his earlobe, eliciting a whimper from the already undone detective.
"Mm. There's a staircase in front of Bart's. Perfect for shooting practice."
"Because I'm not attracted to men!"
You shake your head, annoyed with yourself, and start the water, checking the temperature, waiting for it to warm up. Maybe a hot bath would do Sherlock some good. You'll suggest it to him afterwards. A massage would certainly help, too, but you can't picture Sherlock letting anyone touch him like this. Maybe you. No. Not even you.
"He wants to keep playing with me; so he cannot break you beyond repair, nor can he kill you. He might, if he ever gets tired of me. But in all likelihood, he will never find anyone as challenging as I am, and he would rather keep it that way. If he wants to put an end to our game one day, it will mean he is ready to put an end to his own life as well as mine."
"But John, that was the point."
"Oh don't give me that look!" She chuckles. "It doesn't make me sad. It's such a good memory after all; one I'll have a lot of fun recounting to my kids. Kid. Whatever."
Or hiding peacefully across the street or in a hotel where he would make sure Mycroft would not bother him, or anywhere, really, because anywhere would be better than
‘Proving my point.’
. The nights are the worse part of John's routine. He still has the nightmares, but they're the best part, because he gets to see Sherlock. No, the real torture is the waiting.
"Sherlock–"
"I'm not saying I'm an idiot, mind you!"
… since John Watson and Sherlock Holmes didn't come anymore, was the implied reason. They both knew it, but didn't mention anything. However they didn't have much to talk about, except their common friends. So...
