: Time's doing things backwards, the boys are destroying private property, Ellen wasn't joking about that flight, Andy's an incredibly handy Jedi to have around, and Tom's finally working on that Plan B.
Dean didn't even bother telling the old man that Cas wasn't
"No, what you got is me in a house where a woman
(Also, why have these sites not figured out how to include a prologue as Chapter 0 so my damn chapter numbers line up?! If anyone knows how to do this, omg, tellme tellme tellme, you will be my hero)
“Now, then.”  The Dominion settled behind his desk once more, bland smile slapped back in place on all four faces.  “It was very commendable what you did, chasing after the traitor to try and save one of our own.  As both your commander and second in command have been removed from rank by various circumstances-”
"We grab a cop car."
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
"You sure you got this in you, Cas?"
hiding stuff,” he emphasized, and the hunter across the room decided not to feel gut-crushing guilt at that by sheer force of will, “but I trust you.  If you’re sure it’s an angel talking to you, then okay.”
Again,
"Let me hear you, Cas. Love your deep, I-gargle-rocks-for-breakfast voice."
They arrived at the somewhat secluded 1228 Quail Road in Andover, MA at 9:28 that morning.  Dean pulled the car off to the side of the street as far from sight as he could and they all stared at the house set back in the wooded area with trepidation.
"Sounds good to me." Diana couldn't agree more, actually. She turned to look at her partner's body, at the hole in the brick wall, and the entire mess her life had become in forty-eight hours. What on earth was she supposed to do now?
His brother paled and he turned his head away, eyes sliding closed.  When he chanced a glance back, Sam didn’t know what to make of the expression there.  Pain, for sure, which fueled his anger.
"Hello, Dean."
Yeah, his Jedi abilities had helped the Winchesters out of a couple of pickles over the last three months, but in the year he'd had these powers, they'd hurt far more than they helped. Tracy was dead because of them. Amanda and Scott were dead in part because of them. Others had more than likely been hurt by them, too. Even if the offenses seemed minor at the time, Andy couldn't actually know if he'd done any real damage to the people he commanded about, because he'd never thought to look.
: See, That was almost entirely not really even a cliffhanger at all! (Actually, about half of this arc will be less cliffy, more stopping-kinda-in-the-middle-of-things-cuz-where-else-are-we-gonna-stop!?)
, Dean."
Andy does not have a good time in Cold Oak. I have no idea where this persistent need to hurt the poor boy came from, but it's apparently a thing. Um, sorry, kid.
"Told you," his brother gruffed as he glanced around the parking lot before ramming his elbow into the window and shattering it inward. Glass tinkered to the ground and across the seat before Dean finally met his brother's eyes over the roof of the now-stolen car. "There's someone I need to have a chat with. Just head to Bobby's, I'll meet you there in a couple days."
Dean glanced up from the phone with a raised brow, a question he didn’t need to voice.
What had Sam lied his ass off calling it?
They did.  Dean let his brother do most of the talking.  Sam seemed a lot less likely to accidentally slip up with information he wasn’t supposed to know because he wasn’t from the friggin’ future.  Dean considered that pretty solid reasoning to stay out of the story as much as possible.  He added bits here and there, mostly so Bobby wouldn’t get suspicious at his silence.  Though, from the occasional looks he was getting, it wasn’t working.
"But Castiel may not know any better," Sam picked up, easily seeing where this was going. "Not now. Especially when I'm like…this."
But this time the kid was positively ashen, with dark circles under his eyes and a looseness to his skin that left him looking dead already.
"Where was I?" Sam didn't know why, but he knew that
Jericho. Well, at least he knew where they were now. It sounded familiar. Dean wracked his brain. What had they been hunting when he picked Sam up from school? He vaguely remembered a motel room covered in victims, all male, all killed traveling a backroad. A creepy chick in a white dress and Ring-worthy black hair. Right! Cars, bridges, unfaithful men, and a suicide victim who'd killed her kids.
The nurse who had opened the door for them, still standing in the doorway beside Dean, arm outstretched on the knob, did not look happy at either their presence or volume, but she also had the resigned kind of laughter in her eyes that told Andy she'd already lost any argument she'd had against the older Winchester. He wasn't surprised. She left with a prolonged glare to each of them (longer in Dean's case, and more of a second thought for Sam), as well as a warning that her patient needed rest and if she had to come back in here because they riled him up or upset him, they would
Asa grinned at him, understanding was clear in those friendly eyes, and he grabbed Dean's offered arm up to the elbow. He clasped it firmly in something the younger hunter recognized easily as comradery. "Bucky and I are on our way out. Middle of a case; just needed Ellen's help. But it's an honor to meet Mary's kids. We should grab a drink another time, trade stories. On me."
"To change things," Chuck answered with as close to a verbal shrug as anyone on the planet had ever achieved. Dean's hands curled into fists and he had to remind himself, several times, that punching
The hunter actually did fall asleep, for real, by the time the second episode ended, leaving Dean alone with the next doctor show the channel switched over to. It wasn't as good as Dr. Sexy, but Dean found himself mindlessly watching it all the same. Emphasis on mindless.
“What the hell is this?” Bobby asked, spinning continuously at each new bang and rattle, coming from every wall.  It was a true siege, a barrage against his home from dozens of formless demons.  He’d never seen anything like it.
-o-o-o-
"Not with Baby, we're not." Dean continue to idle in the middle of the road, staring at the bridge. Sam frowned, but his brother was already switching to aggravation again. "They put the town on lockdown shortly after the breakout. Roadblocks at all the bridges, armed croats stopping anyone from leaving. No way out except on foot."
"I'll just…uh…wait here, then." The Impala's leather creaked under his totally useless fingers. "Awesome."
think good old, calm, anger-management Pete is gonna take that?"
Crowley hummed, a thoughtful look crossing his face. Lilith raised her eyebrows at him and he gave her a tight lipped smile. "Hmm, I think I recall reading something in the prophet's work. Wasn't a number left in John Winchester's voicemail – one of the early books? You know, I believe there was..."
Dean wondered for a moment where Eileen Leahy was right now, and if he should try to find her. Probably not, considering she'd spent most of her life in Ireland and he didn't actually know when she'd made it Stateside.
Cas's hand pressed to his sternum and then the three of them were riding Angel Air away from Rivergrove, and Dean's chest ached in a way that made him want to cry.
He needed to warn Bobby. But he couldn't warn Bobby without admitting what was happening. And if he admitted what was happening, he was pretty sure the next thing out of his mouth would be to beg Bobby for what he so desperately needed. What his stomach was eating through itself for, what every bone in his body squeezed and ached for, what his muscles convulsed and clenched for until he was sure they would break his own bones with their force.
Victor resisted rolling his eyes at the doctor's misplaced outrage and pushed past him. "He's not an agent, he's a wanted criminal. You said you were just talking to one of them?"
-o-o-o-
"My blade. Dean, get my blade," Castiel insisted urgently, tapping his still bound forearm against Dean's bicep.
Sam patted him awkwardly on the shoulder and put the nozzle back on the pump.
But he stayed.  Sam cried and Dean stayed, and if Time was an oracle you could talk to, she’d have said the future had a little more hope.
Dean glanced at Bobby, eyes wide.  “Holy crap.”
That didn't make him
She would locate one of the holes in Heaven's defenses – the ones Castiel spoke of to her in confidence in the quiet of the barracks the night he'd come back – and find this Dean Winchester.
The next time Sam woke, his older brother was asleep in the chair in the corner, tucked out of the way so nurses could come and go as they needed.  Dean’s eyes, though closed, were ringed red and puffy and his brother’s obvious pain and distress stabbed at the young hunter’s heart.  He continued to watch him groggily for a while, working the haze of the drugs out of his system.
09/16/2017 Reviews pointed out that the boys did not know Garth pre-apocalypse. This is a chronological misstep on my part that, with reader input, I've decided to leave in the story due to audience impact of his death and story flow. Garth's getting an awesome/geek-tastic cameo I think you'll all love later on in the story as an apology for my sloppy research!
"You got it, ma'am."
"Earthquake!" A nurse shouted as she wrapped herself across another human lying in a bed equipped with wheels.
So he'd stuck to his guns about that last bit and told her to go for it. Meet Brady for coffee and perhaps the opportunity for more. Be honest with him about maybe not being ready. And let whatever happens from there on out happen. It wasn't as hard to say as he thought it would be. The truth was, Sam knew what he had with Jess was over the minute his brother woke up in a car outside of Jericho ten years in the past. He didn't want her to put her life on hold waiting for a man who would never come home.
Ellen blew out a breath of air, but Dean could tell they'd talked her into it, hopefully without any more pushing for details. "Alright. I'll make a couple calls. Asa Fox was working a case in Montana. Jo was with 'em, last I heard. They may still be in the area."
"Erm…" Sam just shrugged again. "Pretty sure knowing something exists and believing in it are two very different things for my brother."
He stayed quiet as Dean kept at the carpeting, silent, angry, still grieving and still resentful over the death of a brother who was standing, very much alive, less than a foot from him. Sam stayed quiet because he knew there was more to that story, and his brother would tell him when he was ready.
chance to make it topside this century – as
His grip on the doorframe was aching as he stared into his father's empty hospital room.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Two more images flashed through their brains, both having an edge of hesitancy and infantile restraint. The opening title sequence of the movie
Caleb shouted out, but the sound was quickly swallowed in gurgling and Dean ran a hand viciously over his scalp, tugging at the roots of his hair as he listened to his friend die again. His eyes darted frantically around Bobby's kitchen and took in nothing. His jaw ached from how tightly he clenched his teeth and the device pressed to his ear gave an ominous crack as the plastic along the side finally gave.
Sam smiled weakly, trying to play along for their sake. "No more clown."
"I'll see what we've got," she said, and Henriksen leaned against the edge of the counter, prepared for another lengthy and ultimately fruitless wait. Nurses, the occasional doctor, and relatives of the sick and injured moved around him in the din of the hospital, fighting for space and attention at the counter, or milling about, waiting for news.
) and he knew their horrific recounts of seeing everything, feeling everything, but having no control over their own bodies.
He wasn't looking at her, though, and Sam fidgeted in the passenger seat.
"Yeah, I got a case. Three weeks ago, a girl disappeared from a Philadelphia apartment, and she wasn't the first." Dean remembered the hunt. It had been the reason he'd expected Jo's call. It had been her case, though he remembered them snaking it from her on Ellen's request. Not that that had stopped her for long. She'd her to show up before they even got started. "Over the past eighty years, six women have vanished. All from the same building-"
that he hadn't done much more than pick at earlier. Andy was eating a bowl of ice cream (because of course he was) as he chatted with Asa and Bucky in half Sign, half haphazard gestures. Given the shaking heads, failed attempts not to laugh, and, in Bucky's case, shouting of random answers like they were playing a game of charades, it wasn't so much of a conversation as it was code breaking.
"Sam!" With the way his brother called his name, the younger Winchester knew what he would see behind him if he turned. The doors of the hospital slid open with a distant, soft whoosh and the sound of pounding footsteps was far louder. Sam didn't turn.
"Dean," Cas repeated, this time with a fondness in his voice that seemed reserved only for when the hunter was being ridiculous.
Dean fidgeted in the driver's seat, a surefire tell that yes, yes they were. "He isn't answering my prayers. This is the only other way."
"Yeah, Dean, until our ghost shows up and tries to kill her."
A flash of tan caught his attention and the hunter froze, staring down the hall to his left. The doors of the elevator closed with a ding, Dean still standing there with his fist raised.
bad answers. Too many to count. But he hadn't. He hadn't wanted to know, because he hadn't wanted Cas up there in the first place. Hadn't even wanted to think about Cas up there, alone and largely unprepared for a real fight. Because Cas was too busy thinking of it as his home. But it
He doubted the low-level minion even knew the real play at this point.  Nothing came up alluding to Lucifer or Lilith.  Brady kept Azazel’s name to himself, always calling him Boss, and anything else he knew of any importance was danced around with the dexterity of an experienced liar.
The punch that landed wasn't wholly unexpected, but it still hurt like a bitch. Man might be a coward and a dirty cop, but he wasn't a pushover, apparently.
“I said shut your blasphemous mouth,” he lied like his life depended on it, growling and lifting his head off the pillow to glare at his giant of a kid brother.  “I’m riding the high of a successful hunt here, Sam.  Don’t ruin it with talk of freezing the family jewels off just to take a piss in the middle of the night.  I’ll keep my crap motel and it’s equally crap indoor plumbing, thank you very much, you tree-hugging hippie.”
And, beneath all of that, there was just…nothing. He had nothing left in the tank, no fight left in him and no energy, either. He couldn't go back there. He knew he couldn't. He wouldn't survive. He'd barely survived the first time. And as much as death had seemed okay an hour ago in the face of a blood-thirsty demon, five hours ago when he was being electrocuted in the middle an abandoned town, twenty-four hours ago as he bled out in a school in Rivergrove – hell, even if it still sounded somewhat okay as he stood, rescued and safe (ish) with these two men he'd somehow come to adopt as family – his body wasn't moving from his spot. Wasn't facing death down again.
To those who have reviewed: thank you for taking the time to share you thoughts with me, they have influenced and supported this story more than you know.
-o-o-o-
"Look, before you two get on my case about this..." The hunter cleared his throat. So much for being almost all okay again. This was gonna be the shortest turnaround ever in the history of the Winchester brothers, and that was saying something. "I didn't want you to meet the guy because I was protecting-"
“You summoned a
The sounds of people scattering in the hall signaled that nurses at the station a dozen feet away heard the cry and were already on the move. The doctor began chest compressions on Dean's unmoving body just as alarms started blaring from his brother's bed. It was at least a dozen terribly long seconds before three nurses and another doctor rushed into the room, hauling a defibrillator machine behind them. They pushed Sam out of the way, and the young hunter huddled along the side of the doorway as the medical team surrounded his brother and prepped the AED.
"He's fine, Dean. So am I. It's you who worries us."
"I thought it should have been us making love to each other." Castiel gives out a hoarse moan, before grinding down against Dean's finger, and this time, the digit breaches the tight, dry rim of flesh, and Castiel gasps, head falling forward into Dean's shoulder as Dean rubs the dry finger around. Not much, since he knows dry fingers are the absolute worst, and he doesn't want his Cas to be in any sort of pain again, so he takes his finger out, only to earn a loud groan from Castiel, who reaches behind to grab Dean's hand and bring it back to his hole.
"It's not much."
"I found your stash of pornography the other day, when I asked for your laptop to send an e-mail."
Dean rubs a hand over his face, an exasperated sigh slipping past his lips.
Castiel scoffs, eyes wandering down to the ground as he shakes his head.
“Bohemian Rhapsody is one of the first songs I heard when I heard rock for the first time. I think it was quite apt of the creators to name the movie after the song,” Blue muses.
Even if it meant losing Dean. Even if it meant Dean would never love him. Even if it meant impaling a knife through his heart. Even if it meant crying himself to sleep every night. Even if it meant losing his appetite.
Castiel stares at Dean with a blank face—
"C'mon man, you're like a walking Oxford Dictionary. Seriously." Dean chuckles, and Castiel narrows his eyes, turning back to the wall, as if glaring at a non-living slab of plaster could so conveniently convey his emotions to the other side.
Castiel should never have opened the door. Not today. Not ten years ago.
Castiel let out a petulant whine, before fisting the bedsheets and rocking his hips back on Dean's finger. Soon enough, one finger was replaced with two and the stretch inside Castiel's ass grew larger. His rim burned from having been pulled open for so long, but he had no intentions of stopping, not even when Dean let out a string of curse words and added a third finger.
The remark earns him an eye roll from Dean, and Castiel snickers.
"That's a very sweet thing to say, Mr. Green. You know I admire your ability to compliment people so easily. I never know what to say to people."
"I— oh, thanks, I, guess," Blue says. "-oh, by the way, I'm leaving your dinner out. Make sure you eat on time, Green."
"Uh, four months."
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you, you just seemed quite distressed which is why I thought you might need some help."
A heavy silence follows Castiel's query, and for a single moment, Castiel can do nothing but shut his eyes.
"Cas?" Sam quirks a lip, turning around to meet Dean's eyes, "- I was going to ask you if you've seen him. He's usually here by eight, I don't know where he is."
"I… I'll see you later, Mr. Kreschner."
The distant, but prominent sound of someone retching, accompanied by hiccups and sobs, bursts through the bathroom, and Dean's heart drops in his chest as he turns his head to the door of the en-suite bathroom.
"I was just..." Castiel starts, his hands running down Dean's shoulder to link with his palms. His eyes wander behind Dean to the park they'd walked through the night before. In the daylight, it appears much livelier. "-I was going to ask you if you had time for a walk?"
"Oh, it's just some coffee, and some pie. Dean, my friend, he loves pie. Besides, I thought I'd check out the new bakery."
"Well, bon appétit, Blue. "
Castiel rolls his eyes.
Lips quivering, hands trembling, jaw locked, Dean can do nothing but stay buried under the weight of Castiel's words.
Castiel grabs his mug of coffee, wincing at the flat taste of it for it's gone cold, yet he swallows it down to quench his momentary thirst and settles on the sofa, palms pressed together as he channels his absolute focus on Jack's practice.
Castiel's tiny, leaking cock pressed against Dean's thigh as Castiel rode Dean's fingers, and Dean decided to rub it between his other hand, feeling Castiel squeeze his shoulders tightly with the stimulation on both ends.
"I thought you hated me," Castiel confided in a whisper.
, comes, painting all across Dean's chest and stomach, right as Dean captures his lips in a kiss.
Castiel felt his hole stretch open wide as Dean's cock pushed up inside him, not bothering to let Castiel adjust to the sensation, rather thrusting in until Dean bottomed out. The feel of Dean's heated, sweaty skin paired with the slight tickle of his pubes against Castiel's skin had Castiel reeling out of reality, and he allowed Dean to fuck him— brutal and merciless, as the lube keeping Castiel spread open had dried up, and most of the wetness belonged to Dean's pre-come. It was filthy, messy, disgusting and every kind of vulgar as Dean grabbed Castiel by his hips and fucked into him with the single-mindedness of an animal, his breath hot and panting and heavy against Castiel's neck.
"... And? What do you want me to do about it, Sammy?" Dean groans.
"Shit, you haven't forgotten about it yet?"
"You don't know that."
, one of Mary Oliver's poem collections. For a fleeting second, a thought occurs to him.
. They hang in the air, a sword looming over Dean’s neck as the ticking of the clock in the room intensifies, only reminding Dean of Blue’s persistent silence.
"Oh, I know. " The man enunciates his words with such drama, it makes Dean snort, "If I ever have a child, maybe ten years from now, I'll make sure I raise it in a world with music. Music means a lot to me, Mr.Green, I can't tell you how much. If there's anything I'm seriously thankful for, it's for the fact that my parents enrolled me in piano lessons one summer. Since then, music has become an integral part of me. I can't go a day without playing my instruments."
"You know," Castiel starts after they've walked for a few long minutes, "
"Oh, shut up with the
. Their tears fall to the ground, but their lips never part as Castiel drinks in the taste of his lover's lips, restraining a sob that threatens to rise at the back of his throat. A few long seconds later, Dean pulls away at last. Castiel steps back, not wanting to prolong Dean's departure, and watches as Dean leans back against his car.
Not a single coherent thought strings together in Dean’s mind, his throat dries, and eyes widen, hand falls to his side, and he stumbles back as he glances up at the man.
"I won't ditch you, Cas, I promise."
"I'm sorry, I couldn't control myself, sweetheart."
“— and I need you to play something for me,” he says.
"We'll figure something out, baby, I know we will."
"Jesus, Novak, you are shining," Alicia, one of Castiel's colleagues at the hospital, says as she saunters into the break room.
"How about you show me your hole and perhaps you can redeem yourself to me?"
"Why are you naked?"
"I mean, I lay down, you get on top of me, and you know." Dean waves his hand around with a quirk of his lip, and expects Castiel to understand, but he doesn't. Maybe that reaper April was bad at sex, maybe Castiel is simply unable to understand, but be what it may, Dean is going to teach him. Even if it takes him all day, the fruit of his work will be sweeter than any damn pie.
"Small talk?"
.' Hebrews thirteen-two, I believe."
"Let's just," Castiel purses his lips before speaking, "
Castiel follows her eyes down to the floor where a bundle sits outside his door. It appears to be a box, or a book wrapped in a blue cloth. Castiel leans down to pick it up. He doesn't recall ordering anything from the internet, and even if he did, why would it come wrapped in a cloth?
"So, what about you, Cas? You’re a little too free these days, no dates?" He asks, raising a suggestive eyebrow at Castiel.
The engine roars, and the car rumbles under them as Dean uses the palm of his hand to steer the car around a turn. A mischievous grin tugs at Dean's lips.
Castiel continues upon Dean's silence, and though he doesn't mean to scold Dean or admonish him, his voice is higher, firmer, and he feels the regret unfurling on Dean's face.
"Turn around and be a good girl for me, Cas, show me how beautiful those panties look on you."
"Dean, I'm gonna' come—" Castiel warned, and much to his surprise, felt a broad hand wrap around his little cock, pumping and stroking him.
familiar voice.
"I'll call her later. Not now, I want things to simmer down."
Dean quirks his bottom lip in understanding.
"N—no, I wasn't—"
"So? What's the verdict?" Dean asks, circling his fingers around the neck of his bottle absently, as he tracks Rowena with his eyes.
"And why is that?"
Dean starts, but Castiel doesn’t let him finish. To Castiel, Dean’s voice is muffled. His words are nothing but excuses, and his chest aches with the realization of Dean
Dean, having expected her to start up and ready to follow after, was caught off guard and pulled back. "Know what?"
The younger Winchester ran a hand through his hair, frustration warring with guilt and worry, and all of it gnawing at his gut.  “Then why hasn’t he told us, Bobby?  If he’s seen something bad and it’s coming our way, we need to know.”
, and that he needed to relax before he drove them all crazy with his anxious fiddling and obsessive checking.
Oh, the
“It’s Sam.  And yes, you are.  You’re not even good at it!”  He swung his legs over the bed, sitting up and setting his computer aside.  “I’m not stupid, Dean.  You’re different; you have been since Jericho.  If you saw something-”
"Cas." Dean started to speak and then faltered, even as the angel tried to assess what had caused that flare still echoing through both of them. Dean continued to flounder, tongue working but no words coming forth. Castiel's eyes narrowed as he sorted through surface thoughts for the cause of this new, baffling distress keeping him from his silence and revelation.
Dean watched from the doorway as his little brother tried to hold it together, staring at the wall.  But his shoulders began to shake and his head ended up in his hands.
"Dean."
kiss had any right to cause, and he pushed at Dean's chest with the flat of his palms.
"Dean, how did you-" Sam made a face, part worry, part panic, and part…constipation? Dean wasn't sure what that last one was about. His brother's voice was oddly quiet, though, when he asked, "How did you know that?"
"So…we pull up a bunch of smaller plants, then. Uh…wipe out some of the more minor shit that's going to feed- er, that's tangled in the…uh…Lilith plant."
"Yeah, we're going," Dean replied, and the smile came easier that time. They hadn't gotten far through the state of Nebraska on their drive away from Manning yesterday, and Dean had purposefully taken the long road around. The one that went right past the Roadhouse. "We're only an hour out, tops."
Sam sat down in one of the two chairs stationed in front of the monitors, deciding to ignore his two 'coworkers' and get to work, since he was pretty sure it would be a while before either of them actually did.
The younger of the two turned back to the coffee maker, grabbing the pot and filling the two mugs. Beside him, Dean fidgeted, like he didn't know what to do with his hands, and Sam pushed the steaming drink his way.
"Jimmy?"
Meanwhile, his chest flared at the sudden contact of primordial being of limitless power and,
Andy returned the cheerful part a hundred fold, set his bowl on the counter beside him with a clatter of spoon against ceramic, and raised his gauze and band-aide accosted hands.
roleplay.
The four demons brought Dean, kicking and hollering, into the gymnasium. He threw a two-armed punch (damn cuffs) and got punched back by the Demon Hulk, almost toppling to the side as they shoved him through the double doors. His boots made god awful squeaks on the shiny wood of the basketball court as he stumbled inside.
Giving Ronald another fierce,
Right into somebody.
While Sammy was a hell of a hunter and more than proficient at hand-to-hand combat, no one got the upper hand on John Winchester easily.
' lecture coming a mile away, and managed to avoid it for a solid day and a half before Sam finally cornered him.
The hunter sagged, casting his friend an annoyed glare of his own before he cast about for something else in the room he could try and move. He zoned in on the magazine in his father's lap, still held loosely but mostly resting against his thighs. Dean narrowed his eyes on a single, glossy page. His brow furled in concentration, jaw clenched and pulse point in his temple flaring.
Maybe Sam and Andy could spring him in the transfer. Considering the front of him was covered, thighs to neck, in Karen Giles' blood, Dean was guessing his odds of getting out of this one any better than he had the first time were significantly decreased. Forget Detective Peter Sheridan escorting his ass out into the woods for a two am private execution. He wouldn't have to lift a finger this time; Dean would just go straight to federal prison.
He shrugged and no one in the room could deny that they had all suspected Garth would get himself killed on a hunt somewhere down the line.
Cas shook his head, the weight of it hanging in exhaustion. He still only barely understood his third in command's role in all of this, but he knew what it would lead to. Re-education by Zachariah's hand or reprogramming by Naomi's. Neither of which he would ever wish on his friend and kin. Knowing Rachel as he did, she had likely been attempting to fulfill what she believed to be her duty.
What help would he be to Castiel? If this wasn't some random human making a mess of things or a trap laid out by an angel who learned of his somewhat exaggerated demise, there was nothing
"Of course. Your safety is paramount, Sam. I will work on a way to block your mind more permanently the next time I return."
is old. Shut up."
Who had been, in all of that, a friggin'
All things that Castiel found frighteningly infuriating and could do nothing about.
.  You’ve got a drive the others don’t.  And it’s going to serve you well.”
"There's something else." Sam smiled gently when Andy looked up. "I don't know for sure, but the demon you described – a little girl? – it sounds like an Acheri."
"So, that her?"
"Jimmy," she returned with a slight nod, doing a quick assessment of her new vessel, as grace filled out every limb and organ, repairing what it could and restoring life to the rest. Castiel pulled the hospital sheets off her new form and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. They were stiff from disuse, but the angel knew that would lessen with time and her grace. She stood, ignoring the arm Jimmy offered her, as she did not require assistance.
"Plenty of school kids looking for a dare haven't come back, either," Dean added, pausing to wipe plant growth off of a tomb so they could properly read the faded name. Not their guy. "And it's one ghost. One pissed off, it-rub-the-lotion-on-its-skin level, psycho ghost, with a whole bunch of death echoes hanging around."
Sam waited impatiently for his brother to text him back.  His foot resumed its tapping against the cheap metal of the chair.
"Cops have it in evidence. I told them about the cabin." He looked away from John at that, burying down the memories he didn't feel like dealing with at the moment. The cops had needed answers and the best lie Sam could think of was the truth. "I told them me and my brother were kidnapped. That you were a former marine and came after us once you got the ransom demand."
Sam clenched his jaw, hand fisted by his side. "If this is about what I said back at Dad's-"
Their first hunt together went pretty damn smooth, if you asked Dean.  They even managed to save the asshole guide those kids hired.  He’d kind of hoped he and Sam could get in and out of the woods before the sister-brother duo and their douchebag forest man decided on a rescue mission.  Alas, they’d shown up the same damn day they had the first time around, something Dean couldn’t recall in detail until he realized he was actually living it.  Again.
"Well, for one thing," he began, trepidation thick like mud in his voice. God, he didn't want to be talking about this. "We brought Cas in early. So…Hell knows there's an angel involved now."
"Are you…" Dean physically shook his head, trying to rattle his brain back into gear. He glanced at the road over his shoulder, then Bobby's phone, then the angel – not angel? – in his backseat. Crap, he so did not have time for this right now. "Are you hurt? Is Cas okay? What-"
“-I am placing you in charge of your unit.  Congratulations, Rachel.”  Zachariah stood in a sweeping gesture and Rachel mirrored the change in position out of instinct and a millennia of training.
– but Sam had plenty of experience with that.
? In Bobby's house? Literally the safest place in North America, second
“She could have information on the Yellow-Eyed-Demon!” Sam argued.  “Meg was in her head, man.  She has to know something.”
As their incorporeal feet touched down on God's green earth, Castiel took in a deep breath as he had not in almost a century. Beside him, Balthazar looked far too smug, causing a sheepish expression to filter across the angel's features. It had been far too long since he stood amidst his Father's many creations and admired them for their beauty as much as their flaws. He had not realized how much he missed it.
-o-o-o-
Castiel's hand moved by her side, reaching up. It was the second time that morning Dean had noticed.
God, the first time it happened, Dean had chased after him, terrified his friend was leaving for good. That confrontation, with Dean in his boxers (and thank god his panic had killed the residual, er, evidence) and Cas on the edge of the tree line where he hadn't planned to do anything more than observe nature until Dean was awake and done
Dean tried to throw himself to the ground – damn sick of being tossed about like a ragdoll in a tornado between these mother-effing powerhouses – but found he couldn't move. Like the last time Cas had tried to remove the grace from his chest, Dean was stuck to her hand like glue. Aside from being attached to the angel like she was world's biggest damn magnet, it turned out he didn't need to worry. Cas's temper tantrum was aimed entirely in one direction; the four demons took the full brunt of it. Their screams were drowned out by Castiel's own, full of righteous fury and absolutely terrifying to the sole witness beside her.
"Supplies. Yeah, I heard you."
. He didn't know why he got defensive anytime anyone brought up Chest Cas like he was a bad thing. Okay, he absolutely knew why; that was the last of his best friend and he'd be damned before anyone took that sliver of angel away from him. But that was serious chick-flick territory and Dean didn't venture into that territory unless he was dragged kicking and screaming. So, for now, he'd just stick with the defensiveness.
"If this is a joke, it is a cruel one and I would like you to stop immediately."
Gabriel's, maybe, but Dean doubted that runaway (who wanted nothing more than to throw Sam and Dean to the wolves instead of facing his own family) really had anything to do with this. Gabriel would have burned the damn hex bag and let Heaven and Hell find them.
"Of course. Where are you?"
She ran a hand down her face tiredly.  Her skin felt tight across her bones and her eyes would not stop aching despite the six hours of sleep she’d managed last night in that rickety bed.  She’d pulled her own share of late nights and stressful stretches since she’d started at Stanford, but none of them had left her this bone-weary and tired.  Of course, nothing in college had turned her life quite as upside down as finding out the boy sitting across from her hunted monsters.
he thought, eyeing the demon warily.
, she didn't know who the damn lawyer was outside of his first name.
"So are we just not gonna talk about this?" The leather of Baby's steering wheel creaked beneath his grip as he wrung his hands over her smooth curves. He darted a look to the rear view mirror, checking for the fourth time that Sam was still completely out in the backseat.
Which…okay, he had no idea how to do.
-o-o-o-
-o-o-o-
"Oh god," Ava whispered, staggering back in the darkness, knife clutched to her chest, utterly alone. Only not really. Because that…that had been a ghost. She'd just seen a ghost. Oh god. She was locked – trapped – in a haunted house and very, very much not alone.
Once the invitation was painstakingly clear, Castiel didn't hesitate. She stood from the end of the bed, crossed the distance around the mattress, and resettled beside Dean. Like the angel she was, Cas didn't know well enough to settled on the bed beside him, instead sitting stiffly and awkwardly half-turned towards the hunter with her legs off the side and feet planted firmly on the ground.
-o-o-o-
Cheers,
Holy shit.
Down the line, the old man grunted like he found something funny about that. "Try and make it home. I'm not armed for vamps; machete isn't exactly inconspicuous."
“Tell it to me again, cuz you’re not making any sense.”
Sam didn't have to. The look was still written all over his face. But, because he was tired, and tired of being tired, he decided to say it anyway. Because it made him feel all that much better.
Sam frowned, glancing over at his brother worriedly, but they didn't push. They apparently had an unspoken rule, and Andy didn't know if he was thankful for that or not.
Andy shuddered, memories of those Croats pounding on the door, scrambling to get in, memories of their hands on him, holding him against those bars- The psychic pushed those thoughts back before they could turn into a full-blooded flashback, extra emphasis on the blood. He needed to focus. Survival first, panic and PTSD later. That sounded like a good plan.
"It's just, I couldn't help but notice…" Oh, oh, he was very sure she could have helped a lot of things, "…the Castiel in your world was a guy. And since you two are all cozy in
"Minor earthquake-"
Only, no ideas, no headache.
The machines were set up and ready to go, ventilation tube clean and resting on the bedside table. Bobby's doing, no doubt. Dean avoided looking at it, not caring to think about the woman in his arms pulling it up and out of her throat all on her own after waking up in the driver's seat. Instead he focused on setting her down onto the mattress with as little jostling as possible. Not that Angela Garrett was fragile, or anything. He sure seemed to be learning that the hard way. Not that he usually thought of women as fragile. Hell, none of the women who were fixtures in his life could ever be described as fragile. Just…ugh, he didn't know. He was being stupid and he knew it. He blamed Rachel for getting in his head. Or maybe Andy. Or hell, Cas at this point, for picking a stupidly gorgeous vessel who also seemed to have a decent sense of humor and a ridiculously down-to-earth grip on her current situation, all of which was confusing the fuck out of Dean. Yeah, that. All of that. Definitely Cas's fault.
“Not this time.  We make him to tell us.  One way or another.  I’m not letting some psychic vision dictate my future.”
. "It doesn't matter how many it has or hasn't been, it's still not enough!"
“Said I tasted like sulfur.”  Her father’s skeptic silence was question enough.   “I’m pretty sure he’s full of shit, but considering he tasted like righteousness….”
like the consequences.
Luckily, aside from some pretty thick bandages around his hands and wrists that covered a multitude of stiches to make even Edward Scissorhands jealous, Andy wasn't too badly injured anywhere but his neck, and was able to do most the dressing himself. Casting embarrassment aside in favor of not going to prison, Dean helped him button and zip his jeans and got his sneakers on and laced up. Andy threw a hoodie over his long sleeves and t-shirt while Dean slipped out of the room. While he was gone, Andy dug under the hospital pillows for Sam's sleep coin and the hex bag tucked beneath the mattress, not wanting to lose either of those things. By the time he'd gotten both objects tucked into the duffle bag's outer pocket, Dean was back with a wheelchair that he'd gotten who-knows-where.
"What's that?"
“Why don’t you ask your boss, the Yellow Eyed Demon?” Sam cut in and she turned back to face his irate expression.  “He sent you, didn’t he?  Why don’t you interrogate him about the thing using my brother.”
"You sent that photo to
instead. Which way are the D's? I've never been down here before…" The voices carried away until Rachel could no longer discern them.
– retribution. His reputation would stand for nothing less! He tightened his grip around Andy's neck and the kid let out what could probably pass for "meep!" through his damaged vocal chords.
, then, because you're partner clocked the hell out of me while Karen was
"Hey," he answered back, content in this moment, however contrived it might be, to just be with her. There was something oddly comfortable about them, like this. The need – the ache – for this to be real, for him to be able to touch her – really touch her – wasn't nearly as sharp as he expected. He still missed her. God, did he miss her, but there was also relief that her absence from his life was no longer that sharp ache or the slow, miserable pull that it had been.
To be honest, I've been struggling lately with writing Season 2.  I've been battling some low days lately, and I could use encouragement if you're out there.  Please, if you're enjoying the story, let me know.
("Oh? It is, is it? How
"He's lost the Winchesters
"Mom-"
"Who did this to you?" Cas asked, voice quiet and grave as they got to his body. Dean helped the angel down to his knees, Cas immediately reaching out to press a hand to Dean's forehead. Well, the corpse's forehead. Dead Dean's forehead. Whatever.
– he'd told him that he couldn't do this alone. It was unfair to expect – to ask – Dean to do any different.
His answer was obviously bullshit, despite Dean trying to keep a straight face (Ellen and Sam's identically narrowed eyes gave his failure away pretty quickly). But he was having way too much fun to care.
The angel huffed a little sigh of his own, but the look he bestowed on the frustrated human was almost fond. "Think, don't act."
, Cas. Don't do that to me."
"He already e-mailed the photo to himself, as well as me and Bobby." Sam swept all his chopped carrots into the large bowl of salad with a quick scrape of his knife along the cutting board. Because he was a rabbit in the shape of a man. Dean just glared and wheezed. "Texted it to us, too."
He woke up shaking. It was the middle of the night, the room around him dark and empty. His muscles ached in a way they hadn't when he'd gone to sleep. Sam groaned, curling into a miserable ball beneath the blankets that weren't nearly enough warmth or weight.
"Not much," he answered slowly instead, lifting his shoulder in a nonchalant shrug. He was seriously starting to think they'd be better letting
Was that really
-o-o-o-
, more so. It wasn't easy, having ten years on someone: ten years of stories, shared experiences, shared
thinking about what she had called him. He wasn't. It was just a nickname. Like profanity. Yes. Just like that). Instead, hers were a deep and mesmerizing green. Like emeralds, or an ancient forest, or something poetic and mystical that Charles' brain simply couldn't fathom right then and there. The professor couldn't have looked away if he wanted to. Terrifyingly enough, he wasn't sure he did.
"Sam!"
Was it really even debatable? His life for the planet? The math seemed easy to him, even if the steps it took to get there were ugly.
Dean flinched, for which the angel almost apologized. "Stop reading my head, Cas."
But here, waking up in an old ghost town she didn't recognize in a State she was pretty sure wasn't California, Amanda had almost stumbled straight onto the kid without hearing a thing first. And once she realized Andy was there, she could hear a kind of muffled chatter, like being underwater and hearing people talking above the surface. It wasn't until she'd really focused on him, harder than she'd ever focused on anything before, that could she hear his thoughts more clearly.
Sam tossed his head side to side, a disbelieving huff passing through pursed lips. "That's such bullshit, man! You can't keep making calls for me like that."
"I don't know how Sam got out," Dean continued, refusing to look at those wide eyes staring at him, horror growing in their stupidly blue depths. "But the only thing that fits is you let him."
Okay, phew, okay okay. So we had about what I was expecting (hoping for, really) in reviews! Other than a crap ton more of them, that is. You guys really blew it out of the park! We seemed to have about 75% excited, and those that aren't are of the *grumble, grumble, you make excellent points, but I
"Oh shit," he whispered as the ring of keys disappeared into the undulating mass behind the bars. Sam scrambled back. The Croat nearest the door suddenly stuck his arm out, key ring jingling in his fisted grip, and shoved a key into the lock. There were a dozen possibles on that ring, but it was only going to be a matter of time. The younger Winchester pulled his gun and shot the man in the head. Even as he fell dead to the floor, another took his place, reaching her arm through the bars to grab the keys sticking out of the lock.
I deleted the April Fools chapter, and your comment, before I responded to your question (because I'm a big ole dumb dumb).  This story updates once a week on Sundays, so long as I have the chapter stockpile to do so.  We switch to two weeks when I fall behind.  Welcome to the story, btw!  :)
"Cas?" It took a minute, but the world caught back up, and Dean glanced between the angel and the goddess, her eyes still locked on his, cruel amusement lighting her face.
Uriel was regarding him silently, expression filled with stormy swirls of greys and deep blues. When Castiel finally succeeded in pushing that intruding memory far away and re-center himself, he realized with a start that his brother was not adamantly denying the possibility, which is what he had expected Uriel – or any brother – to do.
"Great. That makes sense." Dean clapped his hands together. "So where is he?"
They could both only hope the angel heard them and that she would still have a vessel to come back to when she did.
Where were we? Oh right! Author's notes!
Hell being the key word there.
"Roger, these men are here to check the monitors. Something about a glitch in the system." The woman was already turning and walking away practically before she'd finished speaking. Apparently, they were Roger's problem now.
, not like always, not in a really long time. Because now they had the bunker and their own freaking bedrooms with actual
God, he was
This time, he couldn't stop the snort. He shoved up off the table, sitting in his chair with his wrists resting against the back. The Fed looked less than amused at the physical power play Gordon was keeping up, but then, he'd looked like that since Gordon walked into the room. The hunter would look like that too, if he had to spend eight hours a day investigating the Winchesters.
"We'll check out Giles' office for any clues." Sam glanced at his watch, but he could tell by the diminishing light outside that they'd be good to go by the time they drove over there. "You're good here?"
Sam turned back to the ghost, feet dragging across the glass-scattered floor.  She had a jagged piece in hand, clenched around a bloody fist and poised to kill.  He looked to his left, where an intact mirror was lying on its side.  With a deep breath, he grabbed at the thing and struggled to hold it up, praying to God that they could turn her vengeful justice on herself.
on me?"
Dean eyed his moody brother before he leaned back in his seat, using it as a convenient move to scan the crowd around them. No one seemed particularly suspicious. No one watching them. Dean had hoped Azazel – or whatever flunky he sent after them now that Meg had eaten a bullet – would either fall into their trap at the motel or realize they weren't home and wait for them there. But, he supposed, one of the reasons they'd kept to strictly public places today was in case they were followed. The college town wasn't huge, and while it might not have been easy to find any one random person among the several thousand living here, hunters weren't all that hard to locate when they were on a hunt.
Sam closed his eyes, jaw clenched so tight it hurt, and told himself he would not kill Gordon Walker just for calling him Sammy. He would not kill Gordon Walker for a stupid nickname. He said it again and again, like writing lines on a school chalkboard in after-school detention until it stuck. Not that he was actually old enough to have suffered that form of punishment, but cartoons used it often enough still.
All three boys turned to find Bobby standing behind them at the entrance to the kitchen with two armfuls of groceries and a narrow set to his eyes beneath the ever-present ball cap. He very pointedly looked at Dean and then down to the book still lying on the floor. The older Winchester looked away guiltily, sighing as he bent over to pick the tome back up and replace it on the table.
Sam's fingers bit into his palms hard enough to almost bleed. He backed his grip off only after a spike of fear pierced through him and he realized that drawing blood into this sickening dream, with Azazel right in front of him, was a terrifying and horrible idea. He didn't want that coppery scent anywhere near this nightmare. Azazel's eyes darted down to his hands, like he
"It's not quitting, Dean, it's tactical."
Although Balthazar always took great joy in the way Castiel never did get a joke, he sobered some at his companion's unrelenting concern and equal rigidity. Wrapping his hand around Castiel's, he pushed his brother's blade more firmly to the angel's chest. "Go. Find that human. And I'll meet you in Zachariah's office for one of his rousing speeches on self-restraint."
"Trust me; he was freaking out," Dean answered, looking like all he wanted to do was start pacing again but one look from the old hunter had him staying rooted in place. "He's gonna report it to heaven. That's it. We're all screwed."
Cas blinked at him, as if he hadn't even considered his own past – future – might be changeable. Or that he might need saving.
, mind you) to move that chair that he realized what he'd handed Cas was, in fact, a catheter.
"How the hell does an angel's grace get in a human?"
-o-o-o-
able to kill her first time around until she wanted them to?) The angel ignored it.
my name," the angel reiterated, and Dean winced, unable to even answer that. "You told me my feelings were not reciprocated."
Sam took the heavier blanket with greedy, shaking fingers and a weak thank you passed through chapped lips and a raspy throat. Bobby gave him a sympathetic look. Whatever this was had hit hard and fast. He left the kid to sleep it off as much as possible. An hour later he came back up with a cup of soup, a handful of crackers, and some juice he'd picked up on a run to the store.
"His brother bares a righteous soul."
It was at the point where Castiel was avoiding Dean, and the hunter knew it was entirely for his benefit and not the angel's. He'd declined to join them on the last two hunts, and most days Cas now stayed in his room, researching Kelly Kline's whereabouts from his laptop.
his brother would make a joke and a movie reference out of it in one breath.
," Dean said for the third time, suddenly spinning in the kitchen. "How the hell did I end up
Whichever of the Halos she was, her true voice vibrated the walls around them, unable to remain contained within the fragile human body under the onslaught of their trap. Every single window in the building had shattered with its activation, along with, Tom imagined, the rest of the block. Glass now sprinkled the court and bleachers. What was left of them, anyway. Even the demon found the racket painful enough that he avoided getting any closer than he already. Tom's father would be along shortly and he would surely shut the thing up.
His hands settled softly on Cas's hips and he stared at the bare angel before him. Cas was unabashedly on display, blue eyes regarding Dean with heat and confidence and an utter lack of judgement. The human swallowed beneath that gaze, before he reached out and gave Cas's stiff erection a stroke.
Diana stared, unblinking and unnerving. Damn, she really was good, for a cop. Then, taking the hunter by surprise, she stuck her arm out, pulling up her sleeve to reveal identical bruises slapped across her own wrists. "Try me."
Not waiting to see if anyone had heard, he took the stairs that lay beyond two at a time, until he came to a long hallway. It was painted that same egg white as every hospital ever and, with the accent of a flickering florescent light set into the ceiling and dirty linoleum floor, looked like the beginning of every horror movie monster moment.
For some reason, Sam still couldn't bring himself to call the demon-virus infected humans by the term Dean slung around so damn causally. It was something about the bitter darkness in his brother's face anytime he used that word that continuously hung Sam up anytime he thought about using it.
Jess looked down at the metal canister in Dean’s hand.  Sam held an identical container.
"He was a criminal defense lawyer, right?"
"I'll have you know, I'm a professional." And he
Cas had said Heaven was likely watching them and would notice when they dropped off the grid. Hell had taken a crack at tracking them down. Was this Heaven's turn?
." Which wasn't true, because Dean
Despite having just drank half a beer, Dean was pretty sure his mouth had never been drier. He wasn't sure if it was the casual way God said Jess's death was
"How the hell do those two things go together?" Dean balked with a blink and heavy dose of insolence that had Cas sending him a squinty-eyed look of warning (and possibly a touch of annoyance). Not that he'd ever listened to that look before (and no reason to break that perfect record now.)
"Okay, okay, breathe. Just breathe. You can do that." Ava Wilson searched every wall for a hint, an exit, a weapon, a light,
"I'll just leave this here." He patted Sam's cheek, and the hunter threw a punch that was easily blocked. "Be right back, tiger."
“Okay?” he asked, arching an eyebrow at her.
Annoyance flared at the question and Dean snorted. The look his friend sent him was a serious one, and he remembered the terrible expression in those blue eyes when Cas said it was his time to move on. The acceptance and lack of fight. Like they were talking about the weather. The hunter swallowed forcefully, suddenly realizing that Castiel wasn't joking here. He glanced at the floor, picking at the hem of his blue scrubs as he considered the question.
"This is insane," she muttered under her breath, reaching up to rub at her temple but ending up so much closer to clutching her hair.
that.
"You son of a bitch-"
Castiel hung up before Sam could protest, but he might as well have answered the question Sam hadn't finished asking.
-o-o-o--
she was gone with a flap of invisible wings.
At this point, Sam had given up all pretense and actually buried his forehead into his hand, his last look at Dean a very clear indication that the older Winchester had gotten them into this and it would be his job – and only his – to get them out of it.
somehow did. What, did vessels only come in cheap salesmen?!) who didn't know how to give his body that blatant '
"Who's Benny, Jerk?"
wasn't sure it was a good idea.
They spent the second day tag-teaming the kid again. If Dean went for food, Sam stayed with him and waited until the older Winchester got back before he'd go grab lunch himself. They didn't bring food into the room since Andy couldn't eat any of it, which the Jedi thought was sweet but also kinda silly. That was until his 'lunch' showed up with a nurse in tow and it consisted of mush, mush, and more mush.
As the Winchesters pulled back into the hospital, Dean balked at the almost completely full parking lot that greeted them. He stopped Baby, idling at the first cross-section of aisles, the entire lot filled with cars, shining in the afternoon sun.
The demons around him laughed and Dean struck out blindly. His cuffed hands clipped the lady, but it might as well have been a mosquito buzzing in her ear for all the damage it did. She dropped him to the floor like a sack of potatoes, a kick from a high-heeled boot sent him rolling several feet back into the circle.
Dean smiled, but it felt more like a grimace. "Now we wait, and make sure no one comes after you."
Both officers ignored him. Instead, Diana laid out the facts, her cold, stoic expression not giving away an inch of the doubt Dean knew he'd seen in her eyes earlier. She was pretty good for a cop. He remembered sending her to Sam, after the kid managed an escape. At least they wouldn't have to deal with that this time. They had nothing to grab Sam on; no last name, no location, nothing. Hell, these guys didn't even know he had a brother. At this point, all they had was a sketch of a one-time partner, who may not even still be in the picture.
Yes, Garth and Caleb were dead because of them, as was a young girl they didn’t even know the name of.  Yes, demons had showed up in an unprecedented frontal attack unlike anything they’d ever seen, and Yellow Eyes was recruiting monsters to do his dirty work.
Astarte shrugged one delicate, bare shoulder, turning her body into Dean as she started to fiddle with the rolled up sleeve of his flannel, as though this was merely a domestic conversation. Castiel barely resisted the need to grind his teeth as the goddess touched what he knew was not his but felt the affront as though it was, all the same.
!" Dean shouted up at the ceiling. "When you
"Why'd you send me back, Cas?"
Andy 2, Sam 2, tie game. He did too know how to play this game, thank you very much.
His brother shrugged, a defensive gesture Sam was used to seeing when Dean was angry about his lack of knowledge or control over a situation. The younger Winchester could relate all too easily. "She said she was healing. That those cracks were mended, just tender. And keeping 'em healed was exhausting."
None for this chapter. I think even Dean mostly behaves himself. Our favorite King of the Crossroads gets some screen time (though he is less than happy about it).
– to get that cold, expressionless look off his face.  Showing Sammy he trusted him to drive her had been it.
“Sam,” she began softly, worriedly.  She glanced at Dean – the wild card in all of this.  “I think you need to explain everything to me.  Right now.”
But his mind had definitely been responsible for his feathered friend this time.  Had to be, because Cas was gone.  Or, well, not gone.  But not here, in this timeline, aware of who Dean Winchester was and inclined to visit his dreams for some chitchat.  And even if he did for some odd reason, this-time Castiel wouldn’t be the same – wouldn’t even know him.  And he definitely wouldn’t have known about Lucifer.
With a wave of his hand, the world went quiet. The walls and floor stopped shaking. Dean's pocket stopped burning. The glass around them – windows and car windshields, cups inside the house, and what the neighbor probably called 'yard decorations' but freaked Dean the fuck out more than any monster (civilians, man. Nothing more terrifying) – stopped vibrating, soon to shatter from the high pitch ring of an angelic temper tantrum. The world sort of went grey around the edges in a way that made Dean blink heavily, then shake his head when that didn't clear his vision. It didn't clear up, and now that he noticed it, the sound around them seemed oddly muted. Like listening to the world through a tub of water.
But some things had to stay the fucking same, didn’t they?
The older hunger gave his most winning smile.  He may not know computers, but he knew Sammy.
Well, that had obviously changed over the years. And Lady Cas wasn't nearly as much of a dick as his Cas had been back then. Well…sometimes, she was. Okay, more often than he'd like, but still not nearly as much as his own timeline experience with his angel. Dean reluctantly had to admit that the Dragon Lady was probably helping out there.
man, who Sam knew was nothing like John Winchester – had told Dean to kill him.
Maybe that had been Scott's intention. Maybe he'd been trying to kill Andy. The psychic started to shake as he looked around again. He was still alone. If that was true, if Scott was just as bad as Jonathon, then Amanda was in danger, if she wasn't dead already. But Andy didn't know that for sure and, despite the possibility and overwhelming pain he was in, he didn't want to believe it. Scott hadn't seemed the type. Unlike Jonathon.
that it was still there.  That it wasn’t going anywhere.  That it was his, and it was him, and it always would be this time around.
Besides, given the differences in their build and weight, Sam should have burned through the Dream Root faster than Dean, if one of them was going to.  Then again, given what his brother could eat in a single sitting, along with the fact he didn’t exercised outside of a hunt yet never gained a pound….  Yeah, metabolism like that could have made up for the difference in their body weights.
and riches to pander after and dream of, truly pathetic.
bit, because she hadn't heard
Sam stared at him, confusion waring with irritation.  “Dean, he would have killed Layla.  I told you, it wasn’t a choice.”
them?"
"They could at least check on him," Dean added as the silence lengthened, kinda proving a point he hadn't needed to prove because nobody was asking and damnit he didn't have to talk about this, he was just being…nice. Whatever. The twitchy hunter glanced down at the sugar packet, tossing it uselessly onto the table in front of him when he realized just how much he was fidgeting. Speaking of tells. "Maybe they could find Cas in Heaven, make sure he's okay, and deliver a message, or something."
. "This body was comatose, mortally damaged in a car crash that killed the rest of her family. Her mind was intact, but her body had become a prison. She agreed to serve as my vessel."
“Leave it?  No, Sammy, I left it once before and look what happened!”  Dean gestured to Sam’s face, his dust and debris covered clothes, the blood spreading from wound somewhere in his chest (which couldn’t be too bad, since the kid was still breathing), and his missing shoes.  Missing.  Shoes.  His baby brother was friggin’ sock-footed in a war zone, and that didn’t even begin to cover multitude of reasons Dean was going to murder Gordon Walker.  He was so busy putting together a list that he didn’t even notice the little niggle of Déjà vu caused by his brother’s words.  “I’m killing this son of a bitch.  Screw the damn timeline.”
He stared out the window, farther from home then he'd ever been before, and unlikely to ever go back. "You know. Be careful what you wish for, and all that."
Tears leaked from her eyes as uncoordinated, weak hands scrambled for purchase on the ventilation tube. Pure adrenaline, fueled by fear and terror, allowed Angela to pull the entire length of ribbed plastic up and out of her esophagus. A horrible,
Cas sucked in a shaky breath that threatened far more emotion than he could afford right now. He gave another half-hearted attempt pushing against his friend's chest. "Please, wake up, Dean."
Castiel wrapped his free hand around the hilt of his sword, hidden away in the Ether. But he knew a losing battle when he saw one. Still, it didn't matter. He closed those eyes that he could afford to, a leftover trait of a vessel he would not likely populate again, and whispered an apology that would never reach his human charges. His grace filled with regrets of his own. When Castiel opened his eyes, he leveled his brother with a dangerous look. One the larger angel had seen many a time, but never directed at him.
are real, you guys have one on speed dial, and you didn't think to mention
"Yeah, who is this and what do you need?"
Jimmy asked, feeling Castiel's surety more than hearing any response.
Zachariah raised a brow in the angel's direction when he didn't immediately leave. Had his dismissal been unclear, in some way, or was the angel really just itching for more punishment?
“Oh, I don’t doubt it.”  Dean flipped the cylinder of the old revolver open with a flick of his wrist, checking the bullet count.  “But Azazel wouldn’t let you, would he?  See, me and Sam, he needs us alive.  At least for now.”
If he even intended to stay on Earth, that was.
Quick reminder that this story's version of Season 1 episode 12: Faith, happened with Sam as the one dying (from a brain aneurism when he pushed his powers too hard) and Dean taking him to see Reverend Roy Le Grange with his leashed reaper performing 'miracles'. See
"Never."
A loud bang and a crash came from above, and the hunter dropped into a defensive stance out of habit.  The reverberating blast of a shotgun followed.
"Dean Winchester."
Castiel recognized the defensive tone, the way that this particular human spoke when he was deflecting. But that was not what the angel was concerned about. His gaze dropped to Uriel's blade, tucked into his side by Dean's supportive hand around his waist.
"Show me."
“Don’t, Layla,” the taller man answered softly.  He offered a grim smile of his own.  “You’re better off not knowing.  I’m just glad you’re okay.”
Andy responded with,
The younger Winchester left his gun in his lap, eyes on the kitchen doorway in case Gordon got any quick ideas, and reached up to the right breast pocket of his flannel. He winced, biting down to keep from making any noise as he removed his phone and the folded note from Dean, bits of plastic and paper left behind in bruised and bleeding skin. Sam stared at the device, which had taken the brunt of Gordon's shot, thank God.
, admit to falling head over heels in love with. Or ever watching in the first place.
,' Castiel returned internally as Angela reminded him Dean's vehicle was named Baby. He looked around the backseat of the car, down leather and stitching, across carpeting and metal, but could not find any distinguishing feminine features.
Brown eyes locked on the jar and Dean had his answer in the fear and revulsion in his brother’s face.  His hands shook as he tried once more to sit upright on unsteady limbs.  Layla offered a steadying hand on his shoulder.
them walk away after this. "There are six hundred and sixty-six of 'em. Hell only has to break sixty-six, doesn't matter which, except for the first and the last. Those are set. Lilith's death is the final one, but it only unlocks the cage if the other sixty-five have been broken."
-o-o-o-
is an interesting thought. Not the one I was thinking, but veryinteresting…"
The younger Winchester smiled tightly, his expression closer to a grimace than anything else. "I know. Just…promise me, alright? Keep it on you."
His fever broke by dinner that night, and the entire Singer-Winchester-Gallagher household breathed out a relieved breath.
A groan interrupted the argument. Dean was starting to come back around, good eye cracking open. The green iris was glazed with pain and confusion, and Sam doubted Dean knew where he was. But he knew that angry voice, even if his clouded brain couldn't process the words.
"How did you know?"
That had been that.  The details of it didn't matter to her, and she couldn't be in the same room with them has they hashed it out and wasted time her parents
"Damn straight." Dean gave a resounding nod, then turned back to his bag of groceries and started pulling out a cardboard box that smelled suspiciously like pie – what else – and jars of ground herbs, dried leaves, and other assortments. "I got pie!"
"Wait…is this-" Sam tightened his grip on his cell subconsciously as a thought occurred to him. A hunch – well, more than a hunch – about the angel that he'd had for quite some time now. "Cas, this isn't about how you- how you feel-"
Malachi had taken that time from him. Now Uriel would be fighting Castiel's love for the humans and a Heaven-ingrained hatred of the Morning Star! Misplaced, manufactured hatred, but Castiel would not see it that way. Not now, not without the time Uriel needed to steer his opinion back towards truth.
They were pulling off the main highway and into the hotel they were camped at for the night when Sam started the conversation he knew his brother would fight tooth and nail to avoid.  The older hunter turned to him expectantly as he put the car in park.  There was still a streak of dried blood across his left cheek and the corner of his eye, despite his best attempts to wipe at his face with the sleeve of his jacket.
. "I like my life, I'd like to keep it. It's one of the reasons I'm against popping the devil out of his box. But it's also a driving force behind
The two once more overlapped their replies, exclamations ranging from 'what the hell, boy, I thought yer angel was on our side!' to 'You said he wasn't dangerous in that sense, Dean.' The hunter just shrugged, pulling onto the highway leading back to Bobby's house.
Castiel switched between Dean and Sam, who started peeling off his sneakers but was regarding the angel with some mix of enjoyment and encouragement.
The writer sat, blinking, in front of his blank laptop, at an absolute loss for what to do next. Were there other ways to cure writer's block than alcohol, insomnia, and quite possibly the slow but imminent liquefaction of his brain under immense pressure, pain, and light sensitivity?
But how was he to know if Heaven was acting against His will without God's guidance? Had the End not been written in stone, by His hand, millennia ago? He had only the word of a human whose opinion of God left very much to be desired, and a future version of himself he barely recognized. Less than barely.
His voice dropped to a lower volume as he added on, almost to himself, "He can take care of himself until then."
: Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all you beautiful readers! (extra presents and joy to my wonderful, amazing, encouraging reviewers/commenters :D) I am once more in an airport. It's kind of ridiculous how many of these chapters go up in airports around the continent….
Jo stuck her head out from behind Dean, blinking at Andy in surprise. "Was that you, Andy?"
"You don't know her?" Dean finally relented, ignorant to the conversation going on within Castiel's new body. "She's an angel."
He held out Dean's blade, and the hunter dropped his gaze to it. He clenched his jaw to stop his lip from trembling because, damnit, he had no right to be the one hurting here, to be the one freaking out. Not when Castiel was keeping it together, not when it was the angel who should be screaming at him, fearful of him, running from him…
door he'd dared to open in Heaven leading to more friggin' gay porn.)
"What things?"
Until he did, he'd really rather not spend a couple hundred Tuesdays dying.
: This is a classic example of how I can never write just one chapter of something. It's always three chapters. Oh, the Andy Episode? Three chapters. Jo episode? Three chapters. Croatoan? Okay, let's not even get into that one. This mother friggin' season's gonna end up being sixty chapters at this rate!
Ronald sighed, looking ridiculously downtrodden considering what Dean had just told him usually ended bloody, but he went back to looking at the monitors with a studiousness that the real FBI probably would have appreciated.
"Yeah, thanks, I'd figured that much out for myself," he answered instead, keeping the sarcasm to not-completely rude levels (just mostly-rude). "It's not Berkley either, though that's just an educated guess. I've never actually been."
Andy contemplates a new existence without voice or powers, Sam has some ideas, Dean's contemplating Cas and gay porn (not in the same sentence or even context, and, I promise, still totally in character (I will win you to my side on this promise, just you wait!) ;), and Henriksen is on the move!
on their way back from Blue Earth. The intelligent, near-college-graduate was very certain Dean's worst case scenario had still involved them all living through it.
Which was reason three to summon the guy at night, actually. If Jimmy was asleep, Cas would probably have an easier time visiting him and convincing the guy to say yes. Of course, even adding buffer time of Cas having to find a vessel kinda last minute (Dean figured Cas had had a couple of days of trying to communicate with Dean before giving up and searching for a vessel last time), this was still way longer and Dean was starting to worry the angel wasn't coming.
It had been… the human frowned, a memory floating to the surface that he was less than happy to recall. That stupid room Zachariah had stuck him in right before everything well and truly went to shit (a Baroquian nightmare come to life). (Dean didn't actually know what the hell 'baroquian' was, but that's what Sam had called it later once Dean finished telling his brother all about his cameo on '
Silence reigned.
you when you say something like that."
? Of course Castiel, an angel with the patience of a river carving its way through solid rock, would find the one human physically incapable of restraint! Not to mention boorishly insistent on doing things himself. Rachel pushed off the walls, immediately turning away from Heaven Proper and hurrying down the long corridor of A's.
) sound so- so- so
Jess looked fairly sick and Sam grimaced.
– was that Heaven stay in the dark until the time was right. None of this worked without the element of surprise. And that one stupid angel sitting on Dean Winchester's shoulder – for all that Azazel was sure she was working alone (even if he could not figure out
"No. If Azazel planned this whole thing, than he's got eyes here. I don't want him knowing we got an angel on our side any more than he already does."
The title was obviously a mockery. A name given to her by those who toiled in the pit, those who looked up a ladder they'd spent their entire lives trying to climb only to end up on the lowest rung of the afterlife. Those who needed leadership. Demons like Lilith and Azazel had always found them, their need for guidance, for
"They seek out the devout," Sam added, standing in Cas's corner with his brother, even knowing it wasn't the easiest corner to defend. But that was Sam Winchester for you.
"But he knew about the blood." John had told him as much, back in Bobby's yard that day. The last happy memory of his dad, really, and it ate at him now as much as all the bad ones. "He knew Azazel had plans for me, even if he didn't know what they were. Dean, what did he tell you?"
"You alright?" Bobby was asking, only a tad sarcastically, as Dean refocused on the conversation.
The younger Winchester lifted his head to glare at the other hunter standing a half dozen feet away. Gordon was looking at him like something in need of extermination. The sad part was, Sam couldn't even really blame him for that. He didn't agree with it – screw that and screw this bastard – but he knew what he looked like. Blood pouring down his face, pushing himself hard enough to cause internal damage. And unlike Gordon Walker, he knew the source of that power.
He doubted any other version of himself would feel differently, given the opportunity.
"Hello, Dean."
: I'm going to have to keep the two week posting schedule for now. I am just not getting a chapter out a week in Covid Land. In the meantime, I'm purposefully making each of these chapters longer than a normal one, to at least make up for missed weekly content.
It was an ongoing mantra in his head as he took the stairs two at a time, launching the heavy weapon at the door with the last stride.
getting oxygen to his brain.
And that was it.  That was exactly what had been eating at Sam but hadn’t yet been put to words.  He clenched his jaw, fingers threatening to break the plastic casing of his phone.
"This is never gonna work," Dean finally growled, annoyance making the words come out low in his throat and Sam winced sympathetically as Castiel both ducked her head and clenched her fists.
She gestured with the light to what might have once been a parlor. There was only half a chaise left now, and the windows were boarded up behind incredibly sorry excuses for curtains. "I was in my house, alone last night. I have
. So he waved the napkin in front of his brother's face, the bartender's number written in fresh blue ink. "I got her number
So, yeah. Let the universe and everyone in it call Castiel his angel. He had a new perspective on how not-that-bad it was.
. Mouth parted, emitting the most scintillating little gasps and breaths. Eyes squeezed shut, skin flushed hot, brow furled as he fought off his own inevitable climax.
. I know that may disappoint some of you, but hopefully not for long. This is a teaser trailer for the rest of Season two! I wrote it up for a couple of reasons. First, as a warm up to try and get myself back in the writing spirit, something I've been struggling with during the lockdown. See, I don't usually write well at home. Too many distractions, too many things to do. But pop me off to a cafe, throw some headphones in, indulge in a nice Chai Latte, and I'm usually pretty productive. Cue Covid, and I am now stuck writing at home. Which...as you may have noticed from a severe lack of updates for months now...is not going so well XP So! This was a writing warm up, if you will. The second reason is to hype you all up for the rest of the season, and to that end, the third reason is that hopefully your hyped up responses to everything I have planned will remind the Muse WHY WE LIKE WRITING IN THE FIRST PLACE. *huff* I'm not annoyed with her at all. NOT AT ALL.
"Clothes were spic-n-span before you clocked me with your Sig Saur."
"What difference does it make, Dean?" Sam dropped the bullet he was working on – hadn't really been working on since Dean started this – and turned to his brother. "You can't change it."
"What's so bad about that?"
"I'm sorry, Castiel." Sam's condolence was heartfelt, as only that mushy moose could be, and Castiel turned towards him with a slight pinch in her brow. This was a completely different person, who looked utterly different from James Novak, and yet the expression was still so friggn
' meant, and ducked his head into the study.
Azazel picked his way through the long-settled dust and dirt of the forgotten city. Occasionally, a solid crunch beneath his boot signaled a stray human remain, one of the few bones that hadn't disintegrated completely in the thousands of years since this settlement had been buried deep beneath the earth's crust by the wrath of a God.
"All of it."
If anything, her grace grew grimmer. She knew the basic outline of what he was hiding – and why he was hiding it – and she thought he hid it to keep her on a course. But there was one thing she seemed quite stuck on, so sure of, that Cas disagreed with.
“You think I didn’t pin the bitch to the ceiling, Dean?  You think I didn’t
.” Dean motioned at the three of them, fleeing Lafayette with a gunshot victim, a recovering corpse, and an unconscious angelic vessel in the backseat.  “But yeah, Gordon came after you and there was some chick with you at the time.  I…I think her name was Ava.”
Shit, shit, and had he mentioned,
) so far down he was pretty sure his feet were ringing with it.
"I didn't
) but all he could focus on was getting away from that blood. He couldn't take it – couldn't accept it or even look at it – no matter what. No matter
This case, however, was the most tangible link he had to the Winchesters yet, and it was all in the evidence. They'd gathered more evidence in two days than he'd had on the Winchesters in six months. The brothers and their unique car had been spotted on one of only three roads leading towards the area of Cold Oak, which wasn't enough to tie them directly to the murders.
– the Apocalypse, a flagrant disruption to time-space continuum, the dissolution of a plan He had written to fruition – surely
His half-assed shrug was utterly unapologetic.  “Sounded like a better option than time travel.”
They’d called him briefly outside of Boston to fill him in on the Moores, as well as give someone a heads-up that they were headed to Colorado on a hunt.  He’d been damn surprised to hear Sam’s continued hunting was a stipulation of the demon’s deal (and boy, did the two boys catch hell for that:
Although… Castiel slid his eyes shut as Dean's hand settled on his groin once more, the other starting in on the button of his slacks. His plan stood a better chance of not being detected if Castiel could bring himself to play along. The cons were significant, however, knowing as he did how Dean would likely react when he was back to himself. That would be a no-win situation either way, as far as the angel could figure. If he fought this, Dean would be guilt-ridden with what he had done against Cas's obvious wishes, even if it was entirely not his fault. If Castiel played along, Dean was going to be very, very uncomfortable around him, and their friendship was already in tatters to start.
after a sober vision, at least before Azazel had blackmailed him with Layla Rourke's life all those months ago.
) and instead smiled widely at their 'witness'. Ronald seemed more receptive of it this time, at least.
"Come find out."
"You may not be all here right now," Dean said out loud again, not quite looking at the only one in the room who could hear him, "but I'm glad you're
. He'd wasted half the day stalling, was what he'd really done.
In reality, despite his Dean-perfected disinterested façade, the man from the future was pretty much right there with his brother in terms of needing a change of clothes, although his was less from fear of the impressive being in front of them so much as what was riding on Dean not fucking this up. A.K.A. their entire future and the end of the world. No pressure. It was not helping that he had forgotten how much of a dick First-Time-Cas could be (he really hadn't, but he might have been a little too hopeful thinking maybe he'd exaggerated the memories over the years).
“Yeah, we got it, Dad.  Alright.  Take care of yourself.”
look that crossed Ellen's face only somewhat sarcastically (and rather matched the looks on Asa and Jo's faces too), pretty much ended that conversation before it had to get any more complicated. (Like, just
Dean's brain stuttered at his friend's correction. Then, as the words hit home, he found his face flushing from the discomfort of a genuine compliment. Damn. Almost forty and he was still no good at hearing one of those and believing it.
The hunter stood in God's kitchen, trembling, from rage and grief and pain and all of it, because damn it, that didn't sound wrong. It didn't sound fucking fair, either, but it didn't sound wrong. He and Sam had always managed better when they were together, and John just didn't factor into the picture well. Never had.
Sam, though, was thinking about something else entirely. "A black, classic car," he murmured, currently considering hacking into the Rapid City police data base to see if they had anything more specific than that. If all they had was the Ranger's eye witness report, they were probably fine.
The demon stepped back, releasing him almost cautiously, eyebrows raised in a way that clearly expected the hunter to collapse without the support. Dean did slide down the wall a bit, but managed to wedge himself into a position where the surface bore enough of his weight to keep him upright.
"They needed me in Hell to break the First Seal." He refused to look at Sam as he got back to work. Work was better than breaks and breathing and definitely better than looking at his brother's positively wrecked expression. Work filled the silence and distracted him from the void in his chest that didn't exist anymore, but somehow he knew was still there anyway. "I told you, we both help start the end of the world, Sammy. My first gig was breaking on the rack. Picking up a blade and making others bleed instead."
“Maybe you and Sam ought to stay here a while.  Recharge.  You two probably need as much sleep as your daddy, at this point.”
going!"
"You're kidding." Sam stared at the words on the page, realizing what Bobby was getting at. There was no way he'd been in a Ziggurat in the destroyed city of Gomorrah with Azazel and that woman. That would be… incredible. And make no sense.
Ruthlessly, he took the dark little raincloud hovering over his head, formed by his brother and his fuzzy memory and the stupid warbling chest angel, and shoved it viciously to the side. They weren't out of this game yet. They had Plan C, for starters, and Dean wasn't gonna stop there. Even if God was the reason he had the stupid, fluttery, feel-good hope of hope-y-ness in his chest, it was something that finally felt good. And damn it, they hadn't had
. Dean rolled his eyes yet again, but Crowley was already gone.
Gummy and wide.
"Dean—" the prince groans, as if in pain, and Dean's eyes dart up at once, towards the prince lying on the bed, "—my foot. I seemed to have pulled a nerve. Could you come closer and check it for me?"
, Dean thought as he jumped off the chair and onto his feet, unbuckling his belt and pulling his zipper down to dig his aching, throbbing red cock out of his trousers. Castiel wiggled his ass, his tail flying up to stroke Dean's jaw, and Dean felt his face flush at the tender action, but not before long, he was stepping forward, rubbing his soaked fingers over his cock to slick it up. He pressed the leaking tip of his cock to Castiel's pink, quivering hole and dragged it down the boy's taint, earning him a loud mewl from the catboy.
It was a few minutes after he was sure he had lost Dean in the crowd that Castiel let a tear roll down his face.
"If you wish to stay back here with me, nothing would make me happier.” Something about his voice has changed, though he didn’t mean to change it. It's softer. It's weaker. It's raw with emotions. “-But now you're leaving. And I know it hurts me, and it hurts you, but I will wait for you. If you ever want to turn back. I'll be right here. No matter what happens."
why do you still live like this,
"That's very..." He gulps. "That's very kind of you, Mr.Green."
The laughter on the other end comes to a staggering halt, and Castiel hopes his point has been made when he hears a heavy sigh.
"Why baby?"
It was the twenty-third of December.
"I guess I've heard of him. So, which one are you reading?”
Silence fell upon the room as both men struggled to catch their breaths. Dean heard his heart beat pounding in his chest, and at last, when he had gained some semblance of control over himself, he let his soft, wet cock slip out of Castiel's hole with an obscene squelch, and his eyes tracked the stream of come dripping down Castiel's hole, into his taint, and Dean fingered it back into his hole to keep his come inside Castiel.
A sharp, off-key twang bounces in the air
"Have nothing else to do," Castiel breathed out, and let his head fall back against the cold, stone ground.
A few years ago, when he lived at the omega-shelter near the church, the pastor let him play the keys every Sunday, and once he realised how excellent Castiel was at the keys, he let him play whenever he wanted to. Often, Castiel would spend his nights in the empty choir room of the church, nimble fingers dancing on the white, ivory keys of the grand piano.
being the keyword, since his fingers could barely reach each other around Dean's cock.
At once, Castiel snaps his head up at her, a wide grin on his face.
"Exciting? Like what, you finally fall asleep at a reasonable time? I'd love to see
"The kiss of death? Like the movie?" Dean asks, caught in disbelief as he stares at Rowena. She chuckles, shakes her head, and waves her hand in the air when speaking.
"Could be the tun—" A sharp glare from Castiel shuts Jack up, and Jack purses his lips, a peculiar amusement glinting in his eyes as he watches Castiel struggle with the instrument.
Castiel noted how Dean shifted his weight from one leg to another, how he avoided Castiel's eyes, "-Just, erm," Dean swallowed, "-I wanted to tell you that, erm, I'm dating Lisa now."
Blue's words confound Dean, and he knits his eyebrows together. In that moment, he realises something. All these months, when he shared his turmoil with some of his close friends or even his therapist, he was answered with sympathy. It would always be a ‘
"Please don't leave me again."
It's become a ritual for them now. Each Saturday evening, they choose a movie to watch together on their laptops, settled back against the wall to each other. They could simply call or text each other, but somehow their conversations across the wall have become an innate part of their friendship.
Dean shakes his head, pushing the foul thoughts away as he grabs a container and packs Castiel's brunch. He keeps it a little to the side of Castiel's door, before ringing his bell and dashing inside. Dean hears a door click open then shut. A minute later, there's a knock at the wall.
devil?"
Castiel gulps and slips his feet into his sneakers, waiting for the man to follow up on his answer. Instead, he goes silent, and Castiel takes that as a cue to brush past the topic. "My apologies, I didn't mean to pry."
"Is it good?"
And then the words settle.
Castiel smiles and pushes himself up to his feet, setting the book down at the chair as he knocks at the wall.
"What time are you leaving?" he asks after a beat, and Dean notices he has stopped walking. Dean pauses and turns back to him, their eyes meeting for a brief second before Castiel looks away, trying pointedly to refrain himself from meeting Dean's eyes.
"Please....? Pretty please? With cherries, or whatever it is you like on the top? Or hey, you set me up with Lisa, and I'll do your homework for a week, no questions asked," Dean pleaded, trailing behind Castiel, grabbing his shoulders and yanking him back until Castiel was crashing into Dean's chest, his books spilling to the ground.
"I think I want to blame my father for all the doubts, but I'm also old enough to know I'm just trying to justify something that I chose to do willingly. I chose to—"
"I asked you," Castiel grit out, too dizzy with the need to hold
It's Castiel's voice. And somehow, it isn't. It's much nasally and high, much more animated than how
"You alright?" Dean asks.
"Alright."
Blue pauses for a moment, and Dean hears some clinking in the distance.
For the past eight months, Dean had learned to ignore how devastatingly handsome Castiel was. The moment the man had stepped into Dean's condo for a house-keeping job, Dean had signed him. Not that he cared for how good Castiel kept his house, but having the man around surely made for some good eye-candy. But to his absolute disappointment, Castiel wouldn't show him a single ounce of reciprocation. Countless times Dean had asked him to stay over for dinner, had let Castiel known that he was interested— with soft brushes on his hand when they were close, buying him flowers or stupid, little bookmarks that he liked to collect— Dean had tried, okay? And he had failed. So for the time being, he let his feelings remain unknown.
"Fuck, where'd you learn to do that?"
"It's alright, I won't bite."
Something about the way Dean's faces reflected his emotions seemed to amuse Castiel.
?" Green laughs, and Castiel's smile widens.
"Are you complaining, alpha?"
That would have been easier
"Sometimes. It's more of an involuntary thing."
"Gonna' come, Cas," Dean warned, and Castiel was brought back to focus on Dean's cock.
to everything that has ever stopped him from having something as beautiful as Castiel, everything that has ever prompted him to keep his affection to himself, everything that has held him back from reaching this point, and he's striding over to Castiel, his instincts guiding him, as he slips his hand over Castiel's neck and presses his lips to Castiel's parted, damp ones.
“Someone’s eager for me to leave.”
And yet he can say nothing.
nurse voice or like one of those strict
But it wasn't enough.
Ten minutes later, he blinks his eyes open, and the first thing he does is crumple up the paper.
Then she mutters something Castiel doesn't really catch, maybe something he would have if he wasn't busy glaring at her, and she giggles and walks away. A hand, Dean's, slides over his on the table, and Castiel compels himself to tear his eyes away from the woman as she disappears behind the counter.
It takes Castiel a moment to realise Green is talking about the poems in the book, and he falters before smiling to himself.
Garth gasped at that, and then, with a clap of his hands, replied, "-same as my Bess."
"So, what you're saying, essentially, is that Dean needs to cuddle with Cas for twenty-four hours straight?"
Castiel wakes with a jolt, a shudder wracking his body as he sits up in bed. Before he knows it, he's flinging the comforter off his legs, hopping off the bed, and dashing into the living room.
"So, I promised you hamburgers," Dean says as he slides into the driver's seat and slams the door shut after him, "-and I know just the place. It's about fifteen minutes from here, if that's alright."
Castiel smiled, and slipped his scarf down his neck, bundling the corner of it around his fingers as he hummed, and watched Dean trudge over to him. Their eyes met, and Castiel chuckled to himself before swinging the scarf around Dean's neck and pulling him down into a kiss. Dean yelped, surprised at first, then giving into the kiss, and Castiel's hands let go of the scarf, instead wandering up to Dean's neck as they hummed, and rocked into each other's touch.
Dean almost never uses Cas's full name, so it does strike him as a bit odd, but Castiel blames it on the intimacy between them.
Finding your true mate was a sensitive subject. Not all omegas and alphas found them. Some even believed it was a hoax, but those who said they had found theirs would lay down their lives trying to prove the possibility was real. And here there was a strange, albeit well-looking alpha (very well-looking) staring at Castiel with wide eyes and declaring Castiel to be his true mate.
As if having read his mind, Castiel says, "You don't need to take them off, that's okay."
"I don't need to learn anything. I can sense what you want, what you like, what you don't. My grace guides me to realise what your soul needs," Castiel whispers between a frantic kiss, before the wet smacking of lips resumes its noise in the air, and Dean watches as Castiel pulls away, and crawls backward into the covers, settling himself between Dean's spread legs. He isn't erect yet, courtesy of years of self-control, but he's aroused,
"So how old are you?" The man asks, and Dean considers lying.
Dean steps forward. Over and over again. Never turning back.
"Where's your car, alpha?" Castiel asked, much to both of their surprises, and at once, he could smell it.
The man gives an exasperated sigh, and Castiel picks up traces of a troubled mind. Although he can't see the man, he can hear him, and that is indication enough for Castiel.  "It's... It's complicated."
"If Sam cuddled you, I'd chop off all his hair and put it in his kale salad."
A loud, exaggerated sigh drifts across the wall, and Dean grins, scooping more noodles into his mouth.
"Of course."
Drop after drop, tears rolls down his face, and Castiel can do nothing but imagine with a heavy heart, the worst of what his lover must have seen out there.
The white paper burns to brown before burning to black, coarse ash, falling into the damp sink, ash dissolving into the beads of water.
The silence is answer enough.
The car comes to a stop, and silence fills the air around them. Deafening. Repulsive. Nauseating silence. Castiel doesn't open his eyes, doesn't want to open his eyes, until he feels Dean move, feels his body turn, feels his hands slipping under Castiel's arms to wrap around his back, feels him rocking Castiel back as their lips brush in a soft, pleading kiss. Castiel pleads for Dean to never leave. He knows Dean pleads for things to be different.
"Not my fault you're a scaredy-cat," Dean retorted, as expected, and somehow, the tension between them felt easy— as if things had never changed between them.
The aroma of rich, black coffee tickles Dean's nostrils, and he breathes it in deep before stepping further inside the kitchen and leaning back against a counter, as he does at his own place when speaking on the phone.
, and thrusts into him, his pace inexplicably fast, and Castiel moans as he nails his prostate with every other thrust. The space between their bodies allows Castiel to reach for his own cock, as he strokes and tugs at it, before Dean is pulling out, leaving his hole gaping and empty, and Castiel's shut eyes flutter open to settle on him.
He blabbers about anything.
With his head against Castiel's chest, Dean wriggles his arms under and around Cas's waist, earning himself a few breathy protests of 'stop, you're tickling me', before both men calm down at last.
"Paga-what?"
"Hmm, I doubt that."
"Oh, he's moving back to Lawrence, his hometown. It's still hard for me to think about it, but I'm glad we have a month left at the most."
And yet.
"Yes—"
Somehow, Dean felt absolutely mindless as he grabbed Castiel's ass cheek, and gave it a tight, hard squeeze. Castiel yelped, and Dean let go, only to find a faint red handprint branded onto Castiel's ass.
"Why? Don't you like it?"
"Hey, hey, baby, it's okay, no one's going to hurt us. No one's going to hurt me, Dean, no one's going to hurt you. I won't let anyone touch you baby, but you have to promise me to stay the night. Okay? You'll stay the night, and you won't leave tomorrow. Tell Crowley you were hurt. Tell him you needed a day off."
"That she is." He pulls away and drops the duffels by the trunk, but not before opening the door to the passenger seat in the front. "-Make yourself comfortable. I'll be in there in a second."
"Right, it's uhm, it's called ‘
"Dean?" Castiel asked, brushing his fingers against Dean's shoulder, and Dean seemed to snap out of a trance as his eyes narrowed in on Castiel.
And on the morning of the 24th, when Castiel glanced out his window and over to the Winchester's house, he saw pulling into the driveway, a big, black car, Dean's Impala—no, his Baby, and out stepped Lisa, dressed in her finest Christmas dress, and Dean had kissed her before grabbing her hand and guiding her inside.
An amused laugh slipped past Dean's lips, and he stared up at Castiel with disbelief in his eyes.
had flushed with heat too, and he averted his eyes, not wanting Dean to see the soft smile that curled across his lips. Silence lingered between then for a few minutes, before Dean cleared his throat.
All the questions on his face. All the doubts racing through his mind. All the explanations Dean has to give.
"Ca— Castiel."
"Alright, you don't trust me. Understandable," the demon quirked his lips, walking around Castiel again, as if to study him, "-so here's yor answer. First, I'm going to play," A hand snaked around Castiel's bare chest, thick, fat fingers pinching his dusky brown nipples between them, to which Castiel let out an unbidden moan, pleasure tickling his gut at the touch, "—with your gorgeous nipples. Maybe I'll suck them. Maybe I'll fill them with needles. Your pick."
Castiel had left Dean. He had drifted away from Dean, but Dean had never made an effort to draw him back in. He'd never reached out.
"Castiel."
"Erm, Sir Dean Winchester, your highness. He says he must speak to you at once."
"Erm, I mean, I— yes. Your voice, it's soothing, and so heartfelt."
"Need you, Cas," Dean rasps, knowing how much those few words manage to spur on Castiel's arousal. As expected, a needy whine falls past Castiel's lips as his husband chuckles darkly behind him. Castiel wraps his thick, plump peachy lips around Dean's thumb and sucks it into his mouth with an obscene sound, one which shoots sparks right down to Dean's gut.
Castiel's eyes widened, and he tugged at the ropes at his wrist, shaking his head furiously, as if trying to warn Dean— as if Dean would ever consider his answer. A muffled groan fell past Castiel's lips and he tried to back away, leaning his neck away from Dean and grimacing as he shook in the confines of his ropes.
"That's mean, Sam. But I don't think I disagree."
A long pause, and Castiel wonders if the man has walked away. Before he can dismiss the thought, though, he hears the faintest of chuckles behind the wall.
(whom I may or may not have admired for months even before we paired up 👉👈) and I just want to scream about the absolutely gorgeous art she made for my fic. Thank you so much for choosing my fic, and I'm so happy to have had you with me on this experience.
On the other end, Dean hears Sam give an annoyed huff, and he rolls his eyes at his brother's stubbornness.
"I'm sorry, I'm not very good," Castiel sighed, only for Dean to press another kiss to his lips.
"Huh?"
His voice is calm, not a single trace of surprise in it, but there is a prominent endearment lacing his words.
Dean's jaw locks as his eyes linger upon the last words.
They had been mated and happily married for over four years now, she and Cas. Her mate, with her beautiful, glimmering blue eyes and her wavy, silky black hair had dug her way into Deanna's heart the moment their eyes had met from across the room at one of Deanna's company dinners. They'd been working in different departments, and had never met before, but the moment they had, the tension between them had been almost palpable, and for the first time in her life, Deanna had wondered, if she would ever spend her life with a single omega, it would have to be this one.
It's about ten minutes to five-thirty p.m., and Castiel walks into the kitchen, rummaging through his fridge before grabbing some leftover pie from last night. He cuts up a slice and heats it in the microwave, then walks out into the living room
"What does it matter?" Dean shrugged, already reaching out for the next set of bindings. But Castiel stopped him. His now-freed limb shot out to spread, palm outward and flat, across Dean's chest. The hunter froze, breath catching, as he waited (prayed) for that flare of something inside him to respond. He waited for the usual front flips and back flips and that warmth he'd desperately been missing for a week and a half now.
Their dad looked away, emotions of his own warring across his face. Dean wished he could remember the last time he'd landed himself in this position so he could skip out on watching his family fall apart again, knowing he was the cause. If he could remember that nothing in the conversation was vital, or if he knew whatever they might say that was, he could just leave. He could focus on getting back in his body so his father didn't sell his soul to do it for him.
blood, however faint in his veins, that made him immune, that made him Lucifer's true vessel…
Dean gets to explain time travel and angels to a group of hunters who have mixed reactions to their entire world views being rocked. Go figure.
His first, automatic concern as a hunter – ghosts or demons – didn't make much sense in a moving car going about seventy on surface streets. The static in the radio got so loud Dean could hear the speakers crackling with strain. Dean reached over, uselessly spinning the volume knob, trying futility to turn the whole radio off when that didn't work. Then the ringing increased, to the point where the human was hunching his shoulders instinctively, face scrunched up almost in pain, and Dean realized just what the hell that sound was.
Sam didn’t answer, but he didn’t argue either.
Meg kept watching him with intense eyes he didn’t fully understand.
Dean was whistling happily by the time he pulled open the screen door to Bobby's house, Plan C in hand, surrogate father and brother waiting for him inside, and the smell of pie wafting up from the bag to fill his nostrils and, let's be honest, his soul.
"-he thinks there's, a, uh...a what, robbing people? You said he thinks it's some sort of robot?"
He didn't bother asking what he was sorry for. He suspected it was that he'd sent his kid brother tomahawking across the room with that little chest bomb of his. Not that Dean had likely been conscious for that. Or able to see past the bright light.
Then again, neither was Uriel.
I hate to do this to you guys two posts in a row, but it's going to be another two week delay. My roommate adopted a dog last weekend, and while she is an absolute delight, she's also a puppy an a lot of work. I'm ridiculously exhausted and have had no time to write this week whatsoever, so I continue to fall further and further behind in my chapter stockpile (we're dong to a buffer of exactly one and a half chapters O.O) Hopefully as Theodosia becomes more comfortable in her new home, I'll be able to get some better rest and a little more 'me' time to get to writing.
"Let's go find Dad. We're on a time limit, right?"
So they arrived back at the bunker with Sam none the wiser on what had gone down, but the elephant in the room between Cas and his brother was just as big in the bunker as it had been in that barn. Maybe bigger.
"And pancakes, apparently," the man said with a roll of his eyes. He disappeared back into the kitchen, hollering something at Andy about setting the stove on fire. Dean and Sam exchanged yet another look.
While his phone played annoyingly typical elevator music in his ear, Victor stared at the set of photographs, printed by the hospital for him. They would be included in the final report the staff at Sturgis Hospital sent to the FBI's – the
"Hello," she responded evenly.
. Still, he'd attempted several tries at twisting his body around on the hook he hung from to get a look at the kid (
there! I was the freak with a knife collection!"
Uriel was visibly upset at the implication and, worse yet, at the lack of argument against it. He fisted his hands and his wings furled and unfurled in clear agitation. Castiel was grieved to be the messenger, but he did not regret coming to his brother. He was unprepared to face this alone.
The angel gave him a sidelong look – one of his old, fierce ones that told him to stop asking questions.
Dean shrugged, even as Bobby reached across Ellen to the paper tray he kept beneath his array of landline phones. He slipped his hand under the stack of papers on the top tray, pulling a legal pad out from beneath it all. Dean recognized it immediately, its yellow pages, dog eared and worn, covered in Bobby's scrawl. Page after page of it, not that they could tell as Bobby set it down in front of him. Those were the notes he'd taken when Dean laid it all out for him, back when their Dad had narrowly escaped a Baku and Meg had taken a bullet from the Colt.
Dean, who was inching his way down the counter to put that much more space between them) or he knew that one guy could only repeat himself so many times with less and less effect with each go. "I, uh, I don't know how we can prove it to you right now, but I've seen it." Sam's gaze flickered to his twenty-seven year old brother, thinking about the much older man approaching his forties that he'd seen in their dad's dream. "He really did travel about ten years back in time."
And came face to face with Castiel.
: The boys enjoy (well, sort of) their last bit of downtime before the hectic life of a Winchester picks back up with a big bang. Well, a vision of a big bang. Well, okay, someone else's vision of a big bang.
playing in the background to give him at least
Season 2: Chapter 62
The demon cleared his throat self-consciously, prepared himself for his father's ire, and reminded the two rotting human corpses in the corner of his vision that
Dean made to climb into the Pinto but stopped once more. He straightened back up, meeting Sammy's gaze across the car.
"Yeah, thanks." Dean cut him off before he could keep going, the dismissiveness in his tone standing out particularly strong to Sam, who was eyeing him warily. But Dean was utterly unimpressed with anything this son of a bitch had to say, to hell with the fact that he actually came across like a decent guy. Dean knew he wasn't, and had been fooled by it once already. How he'd ever thought of Gordon Walker as anything but a creep, he sure as shit didn't know now. "You the one taking out the vamps in the area?"
He got to Tracy's shop a little after eleven. She didn't call him much anymore, not since he'd pretty much put the grand canyon of emotional distance between them. He hadn't
"Yes. I was present when Uriel-"
him. It wasn't an excuse to kill anyone. That was murder, plain and simple.
Could you choke on air when you weren't even awake? Angela did a darn good job of trying to answer that question. "The- the apocal- you're joking right? Oh my god, you're not joking. Holy…"
Sam had just finished his glass (not nearly enough to get him buzzed, but seeing as both Bobby and Dean were well into their second helpings and
A memory flashed through his mind of a Sam who barely tolerated him, who barely
Oh, god, she was totally going to get murdered.
beginning? Ah, hell. Probably the lie that had started all this and would need to be fixed before they could tell the rest.
"I am sorry, brother," Uriel spoke, the sincerity clear across his grace even as his voice grew deep and his expression swirled with growing anger. "I did not realize what they had taken from you. It is appalling. Unforgiveable." The angel was fuming, his grace puffing up with building indignation and maybe less-than-righteous fury. "Heaven is not as we thought."
The kid got a good swing in, twisting Gordon's head to the side and sending him staggering back a couple feet. He had a lot of muscle on him and good weight behind the punch. But Sam went down hard when Walker lifted one booted foot and slammed it into the kid's stomach. The younger Winchester bounced off the kitchen cabinets, taking one clear off its hinges, and hit the floor on his stomach, groaning and trying to shake off the hits.
And with sleep came the dreams he feared.
They'd only been walking for about five minutes when Dean really started looking around. After having made it through Bobby's nightmare of a head the first time they took Dream Root, he'd expected something pretty different than what they were seeing. The old house, old hunts, Mom maybe. Nightmares, or even dreams. But not….nothing.
Ellen took the phone back by that point, realizing the Winchester was as likely to turn his murderous sights on Ash if he couldn't turn them on Gordon. And Ash wasn't the best with social cues or hints.
Oh, Dean wanted to. He even shuffled towards that goal, unconsciously reaching out for his body, before he remembered his unconscious best friend passed the hell out beside his not-corpse.
Christie started screaming.
. Sam still had a mountain of reservations about summoning the angel, but he was beginning to understand why Dean still wanted to.
"Uh, maybe. Check this out." Sam spun the newspaper around. He pointed to an article at the top of the page, complete with a photo taken of the inside of a jewelry store, police tape still stretched across several open, empty cases. "This is the second robbery in Milwaukee in a month. Both of them – the first one was a bank – were done by someone on the inside. A teller at the first one, and uh, the head buyer at the jewelry store. But get this."
She canted her head for a moment in thought, before nodding in what Charles assumed was acceptance, and then went right back to staring and waiting.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
clause in exchange for landing a younger wife with bigger tits or that corner office. That, or Crowley would just sneak it into the fine print. He did enjoy screwing over the inept.
An earlier time in Heaven, Castiel and Uriel discussed Naomi and her memory tampering. Uriel confessed he had seen something like that happen to Castiel, in Egypt and again in Sodom. This realization that his mind had been tampered with sent Castiel into a panic attack, and he ended up fleeing Heaven to seek out Dean, Sam, and the grace in Dean's chest. See
Dean ground his teeth in response, because no, they didn't have anything Sam could arm himself against Azazel. At least not yet.
The white light in the dream world. The explosion that had knocked Dad and Sam out of the dream, that they hadn't had an explanation for.
And my parents are in town this weekend, so now that the depression has cleared up and I have two hands again, I have absolutely no time. I'm definitely speed-editing this chapter when I should have been in bed about two hours ago. I have to pick my parents up from their hotel in, like, six hours D:
“Yeah, Sammy.”  He made sure to put a touch of defeat in his tone.  Never surrender without a fight; that was the Dean Winchester way.  “I’ve been seeing shit too.”
I have become quite terrible at replying to reviews/comments, which I am most ashamed of but I also know the priority is getting new chapters up for you all :D  Anyway, if you haven't heard from me, know that you guys are still keeping me going, new and old readers alike.  Seriously, you guys are amazing.  Thank you SO MUCH for your time and your words and your encouragement.
The angel frowned at the human's words, unsure why telling Bobby Singer of their return was necessary. Surely he would notice on his own. Angela must have sensed the confusion.
, full of passion and fury and
"Yes! Exactly like the Terminator! But, but the kind that can change itself. Make itself look like other people."
"It's
: My internal thoughts while writing this chapter? "Four chapters. This friggin' episode is gonna take four chapters. Good god Gertrude, whyyyyyyyy?"
His brother spared him a look that said he really, really didn’t want to answer.  “You don’t think he’s the real deal?”
." Dean pushed past his brother, stopping in his room to throw on a pair of sweatpants and be rid of the evidence of...well...but Sam only followed him as he stomped back into the hall and off to the kitchen.
Dean closed the door to the Impala, staring at the darkened gas station. It had closed up for the night, the overhead lights off, the attached store dark, and the lot around him mostly abandoned. There were a couple of cars on the edges of the asphalt block that made up the parking lot, but they were equally dark and unoccupied. The gas station shared the lot with a mechanic's place, so Dean wasn't really worried about those.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
"You gotta find someone else, man. Someone without a family to leave behind or a life to fuck up."
"What of our newest recruit?" Lilith asked instead,
Sam resisted rolling his eyes, but it was a close thing as he sighed, closing the folder and storing it in the glove compartment. Dean was already climbing out of the car and the younger Winchester followed suit.
Castiel stared at his brother, dawning horror stretching across Jimmy Novak's human features in ways that angelic faces never did. Were never supposed to. He whispered, the astonishment lost in the soft noise, "That's why you knew how to leave."
"Yeah, I hear you, boy. You still there?"
Failed. Totally and completely failed. He hadn't even been able to keep that promise for a year, let alone the length of the Apocalypse stretched out in front of them. Seriously, some days Dean wondered why Cas had even bothered sending him back.
Dean swallowed and suddenly turned back to the pyre, running a hand down his face as he visibly pulled himself together. "I know it does, Sammy."
"Good luck, Cas," Sam added, and
The hunter coughed awkwardly again, not for the angels this time but his own wandering thoughts. Frickin' dreamland, man. Still, neither Cas noticed so Dean decided to wait them out. He sort of tip-toed over to one of the arm chairs sporadically placed between the bookshelves lining the walls, and settled in. He was only a dozen feet away from the angels, but he figured the space was appropriate for not-intruding-on-ridiculously-tender-angel-moments. Not that either angel cared about space.
"Excuse me, gentlemen?" The trio pulled up short at the incredibly average looking man heading towards them from the direction of their car. He was Caucasian, maybe early forties, with close-cut, pale hair, the beginnings of a receding hairline, and a stiff smile. Dean was immediately on guard, though nothing particularly screamed danger. "I'm looking for a gas station. Do you know where the nearest one is?"
Sam released his breath, forcing it to be slow and silent. They didn't know how powerful Azazel was. At least, Sam didn't. He had no frame of reference for demonic strength, and Dean hadn't mentioned it past the yellow-eyed bastard's leading role for the apocalypse. The younger Winchester swallowed past the sudden lump in his throat. Only a fraction of him had hoped last night's dream might have been something born of his own vicious imagination and wasn't the demon himself. Now he wish he hadn't asked, because he was suddenly aware of just how powerful a demon he had mucking about in his head.
to think about it meaning anything now. Nope. Not at all. He had enough of that going on in his head thanks to Angela Garrett. He did not need to add Bobby's opinions or hints into the mix.) So, Bobby had definitely seen him and Cas sharing a bed and was probably the one who'd gotten Angela set up on the machines. Which meant he'd gotten an up close and personal view of the angel, curled on her side, spooning Dean with her hand tucked up
he? He knew the numbness slowly spreading through his body, bit by bit, working at the edges of the burning, screaming wound, wasn't actually a good sign. Neither was the cold, encasing him like a sprawling darkness. He'd lost too much blood and if someone didn't do something soon – if he didn't do something soon – he was going to die.
“Dragon Lady, Sam.  Sam, Dragon Lady.”  Dean nodded his head between the two of them with a look to Sam that said,
The ringing continued and the haphazardly sprawled lump in the bed next to him didn’t move.
He knew he was, but after all this time, the man from the future was more than competent at this game.
Another couple of days would pass before Bobby had to hastily sweep the more incriminating – or at least brow-raising – objects on the desk into multiple drawers by the armful before he let in Sheriff Mills, who was knocking pretty insistently on his front door and hollering, more good-naturedly than demandingly, that she knew he was in there and they needed to talk about reports of stolen vehicles on his property.
There was something about the way he said it. Just a little lilt in the words that Dean picked up on it in an instant. He glanced his brother's way, eyes narrowed but brows all sorts of judging.
"Huh," the younger Winchester said with a tone just shy of indifference, turning back to his vegetables. "Ellen knows Morse Code."
(See the end of the chapter for
The autistic man's memories were empty of Castiel. Each of Castiel's favored human retreats had been absent of the wayward angel. It was actually the second time she had checked this particular Paradise, because it just didn't make sense.
next. It had been…pretty okay. Okay, fine, better than he'd have admitted, given the subject matter. Actually, if he were being honest, the characters had been interesting enough, the writing pretty funny, and-
So he wrote down the few other witches he thought might be up for the job, along with a couple medicine men they’d run into in the past.
awkward – the moment had just become.
"God, you're gorgeous, Cas. I don't deserve you," he mumbled against the angel's lips, and Castiel quickly cut him off with yet another kiss. The Pizza Man hadn't taught him how to keep his partner quiet, unfortunately, and he was winging it the best he could.
Silence was the only answer, and he spun in the hotel room, now wide awake.  The bathroom door was closed, and a sliver of yellow light gave him some immediate relief.  The fact that the sliver only reached half the width of the door, blocked by something on the other side, lessened that relief significantly.
"Ugh, fine!" Dean put the grenade launcher back on its designated shelf with more than a little disappointment (and Sam did a double take at the friggin
I am not sure if the next chapter will be up in one week or two, but I have been successfully stockpiling chapters once more, which bodes well for future updates. I'll try to keep you guys in the loop on that as we go. For now, I really appreciate your patience and for sticking with me through all the delays and tough times.
"I was hoping to seek conference," the angel confessed, much to Dean's confusion because…what?
"I'm fine," Jo mumbled, brain still processing her freedom and the close-call. Maybe Dean had a point. Fear was healthy and all, but she never wanted to experience that much of it in a single go ever again.
Azazel set the jar of blood down next to Sam's thigh.
-o-o-o-
"Not yet," Dream Jess finally answered, her smile souring just a little. Sam wondered if it would do that for real, or if he was putting it there all on his own. "I chickened out."
"I'm from 2016," Dean continued before their confusion and disbelief derailed the conversation any further (not like anything could derail it as wholly or completely as the conversation itself was a derailment). "An angel sent me back."
been something he'd remembered before he'd decided to go comatose in a hospital bed, useless to every damn person on the planet. Not that
Chuck rubbed at his forehead, his elbow almost brushing against the imposing hunter with how close he was. But God didn't seem to take notice. "Look… I'm not the writer of all things, and I don't decide what happens. Could I? Sure, but I tried that for a while and it didn't work out so well."
"I know that look. Did you get her number?" He scanned the place immediately, looking for whatever hottie got that stupid smile back on his brother's face. Sam just glared and Dean scrunched up his nose in defense. "What? Come one, are you gonna be celibate the rest of your life? It's been, like, ten months!"
A bark of laughter from Dean and a silencing glare from Sam ended her wild speculation.
The only times he'd ever woken up in the hospital were the ones where he wasn't usually conscious upon arrival or damn near bleeding out if he was. Hunters didn't mess with government-funded medical aide unless they had no other choice.
and a long pause, then
She had one such video pulled up now on Chuck's phone, which she had misappropriated after encouraging the man to imbibe in several more evening drinks than was his usual. He shouldn't miss it, or his credit card, until tomorrow morning, and Persephone would be sure to return them before then.
Cas wouldn't want her to be, if he was being honest. But he couldn't say that. This version of himself was not ready to hear it. The doubts she was experiencing were tentative, fragile things. Push them too far, add too much to them, and he knew she would collapse beneath them. He certainly had.
"You…you said my name."
Ugh, another chapter not quite up to par. So...I massively fell behind in writing and didn't even finish this chapter until Sunday (today) afternoon when my roommate had to pick me up off the kitchen floor where I was curled up in a ball sobbing because I'm a mess who ruined the resin-casting of a tabletop for the third time in just as many days (I hate this project so much, guys, and I did it all entirely to myself by thinking I could build myself a craft table -_-), pushed me into the shower cuz it's my happy place where I get all my best ideas (don't ask) and then shoved my laptop into my hands and kicked me out the door to go find a nice place to hermit and write. So...y'all have a chapter today because my roommate's a boss. But it's not a great chapter because I'm still a definite basket case and forced the last third into existence by sheer force of will. I'm not happy about it, but you guys have already waited two weeks and I can't keep stalling. So, please take the second half of this chapter with a grain of salt. It's not what it should be but I'll get back to my old self eventually (once this friggin' mother friggin' god damn friggin' friggin' crap on a cracker desk is done once and for all)
"Oh, we definitely don't trust you," Squirrel countered immediately, a look crossing his face that said he knew better. One of those looks that reads '
Beside him, Sam snorted in that way that suggested if he'd been drinking something just then, Dean would have been getting a shower.
The older of the two brothers glanced at the woman on the cot beside Sam.  She seemed small, now.  Fragile, even though he knew she was pretty strong for a civilian.  He shook his head.  “No.  I, uh, just knew Brady was possessed.”
Dean bit back the retort that immediately came to mind (
Yup, no, I'm totally comfortable with that XD
“What you should get to is a hospital.”
with Andy's neck. Really, really,
The older hunter never knew what monster they had missed or where he’d messed up (had he skipped a local newspaper?  Decided to turn left on the highway when last time he went right?  Had he distracted Sam with some inane joke right at the moment the kid would have found the hunt?) He lived in complete paranoia the first week after the Wendigo as they looked for their next gig.  Eventually Sam threatened a mutiny over driving rights and a trip straight to Bobby’s for a break and possibly a head check if his brother didn’t calm the hell down and relax.
"Is that a
: I apologize for the surprisingly late chapter, both by a week and by a day. I've been very stressed out lately and very busy; gave myself too many projects, have finished almost none of them, and am currently having panic attacks about all of them. Fun times!
, damnit. It was hard friggin'
The next morning, Dean stopped in again to check on her (he'd actually checked in the middle of the night too. Housing a body on a ventilator was creepy. And nerve-wracking). He awkwardly said good morning to the unconscious woman, then fumbled because that just felt damn weird to say to an otherwise empty room. His recovery – stumbling through some sort of something (and yeah, looking back, he had no idea what he said) – didn't go much better, leading to him lingering for just a little too long to watch her chest rise and fall with residual anxiety. Eventually he left the room, feeling both paranoid and like a voyeuristic creep.
His brother watched him with soft eyes.  Softer than he’d seen them in a long time.  “Is that what you want?  Because if it isn’t – if you want to go back to school, we’ll figure out a way.”
"Don't mind my brother," Dean said with a snort and a conspiratorial grin that was suddenly so much more believable than it had been a minute ago. Like Dean had just stowed all his crap and carried on. Sam refused to think about how intimidating his brother's proficiency at that really was. "He's a little star struck, running into Asa like that."
They'd done so in absolute silence, each in their own heads and their own mourning.
sarcasm. No, scratch that. Almost every angel the Winchesters had ever encountered – would encounter – had no problem with sarcasm. It was just
"This is the third time now that you are displaying physical stressors, Dean." That deep, raspy voice brought him back to the present again, and Dean snapped his eyes back to Castiel's face. "Your temperature has risen, your heart rate has increased, and blood is flowing to your-"
me." The words were only for him, her arm tight around his back, keeping him from retreating. Dean closed his eyes, tightening his own grip before he could think too hard about it or the words that caused it.
Sam's kick to his shin brought him back to the conversation, only to find Jo now openly smirking at him and he cleared his throat. Ellen was staring at him expectantly. The motherly kind of expectant. The badass, boy-I-can-kill-you-with-that-container-of-pretzels-if-you-look-at-my-daughter-wrong-again kind of mother. Dean swallowed a little loudly and offered a weak grin.
Andy if his Baby had even so much as
The two security guards flanking Henriksen pushed the doctor behind them, and the man shuffled awkwardly out to the side as he finally realized the very possible severity of the situation. Victor counted to three, listening sharply for any potential hints of what they might encounter inside. Then, he turned the knob and threw open the door hard enough to swing into the wall with a light bang. No one behind it. He cleared the rest of the room in three quick sweeps of both eyes and gun.
, Dean. You knew how to solve this case right from the start, didn't you? I thought it was convenient, you guys showing up, pointing out those buildings that just happened to lead to our guy. God-" Jo cut herself off, shaking her head. "You should have told me; we could have done this
The Winchesters didn't talk about it. Not about their wayward angel, not about the three hundred and seventy people they'd lost in Oregon. Not about what Andy had gone through in Cold Oak or even the fact that the FBI was on their tail. Not more than was needed to fill in the blanks for Bobby. The old hunter had been keeping an eye on the news channels and tabloids ever since the zombie town. It took two and a half days, but eventually, something did turn up. It started in the tabloids. A town nuked by a secret government military test. Whole town wiped from existence. Three hundred dead or missing, and no one willing to talk about it or claim responsibility.
"What was that, mud monkey?" Uriel barred his teeth, and Dean pulled a face at the wave of hot air and nasty breath he had to endure (okay, stupid brain on this one. Bet if he was seeing all grace and light and wavelengths of celestial intent, he wouldn't have to
The younger Winchester stared at his computer screen displaying the Little Rock Zoo website as he scrolled through their collection of animals.  “I know I’ve seen those eyes before, and I keep thinking back to that trip.”
"Why can't we just make something up?" The table turned, almost as one, to Bucky sitting at the head. He almost shrank back at the sudden attention, realizing as much as everyone else that he was suddenly participating like he was in on this conversation. Like he believed what they were talking about. On board the Crazy Train.
Then it was gone. Angela fell unnaturally still, the room seemed unnaturally dim, and the ventilator kept right on humming. All quiet on the western front.
The only outward sign of his annoyance was a twitching vein near his jaw. "This will last? Fire hardly sounds permanent."
I have got to be on some pretty interesting government lists out there for my Google Search Results by now. Assault rifles, sniper rifles, hunting knives, hand guns, ammo, grenades, how to build grenades, how does a grenade explode, what does a grenade smell like when it explodes, various building blue prints, how are walls built, how thick are walls, can grenades explode through walls, how about handguns versus rifle rounds when it comes to piercing walls, and every possible way you can drive into Sioux Falls from every direction that exists on Earth. Oh yeah. My government must know I'm a Supernatural Writer or they think I'm planning a terrorist plot in South Dakota.
"This is her." She looked up, glancing between the two as Andy stepped away from the table to join them. "I'm sure of it."
The older Winchester leveled him with a look that clearly said
He did, blinking several times before he realized that it was the same. Infinite black surrounded him, and it stretched on and on without change. There was solid ground beneath him. He tapped his fingertips against it as he stared up into nothingness. Smooth and hard, with no imperfections; an unnatural surface unlike anything he'd encountered before.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
His brother huffed that particular scoff-slash-laugh that was both concern and disbelief.  “Dude, you’re doing it right now.”
"Your mom's right," Sam admitted with a self-conscious shrug of one shoulder. "We need all the help we can get."
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Dean hung his head for a moment, breathing through the panic that instantly tried to solidify into defeat. They still had time. They'd find him. They had to. Dad was going to be fine.
"You couldn't, ever? Even just a teeny bit, little hunter?"
"She could be in trouble."
Well, there weren't moans, panting, or anything
She had the audacity to look
Something bright flashed in Dean's eyes, and the hunter found himself squinting, turning his head away from whatever was trying to blind him. Some woman who'd just climbed out of her car was busy putting on makeup, little compact mirror in hand and perfectly reflecting the sun overhead right into Dean's eyes.
"It was a choice, one she made willingly," Cas reminded him, trying to soften the blow. The angel leaned over enough to bump his shoulder to Dean's and the hunter smiled half-heartedly at the gesture, less sure about the words that came with it. "One I have no doubt she would make again."
They'd been sitting in the Impala, Dean in the driver's seat, Andy in the front seat (for once!) while Sam ran into the diner to grab a late night snack (and pie. Dean always insisted on pie. He had a minor obsession, Andy was starting to realize after just a few weeks around the man). Andy hadn't been with the brothers for much more than a month now, but the red-eye drives through the night to the next hunt were becoming unsettlingly familiar. Sometimes, Andy wondered why he hadn't moved on yet. Find a nice corner of nowhere, stock up on weed and Hot Pockets, and smoke and feast till the end of the world. But then they'd face their next werewolf or ghost or
"You watch
"N-no," he stuttered, realizing his silence had done no favors to his brother, who was now sure that bomb had been his friend…exploding? Sam could ask questions about angelic death later. "No wing prints, Dean."
Then her whole body started to match that glow and Dean got a really bad feeling.
"You telling me I'm not going to find the body of a drug dealer in that wall?" She countered, tilting her head to the hole in the bricks, but her eyes never left her lover. Her gun didn't either. "You killed her. You stole those drugs." She reached up with one hand and pulled the necklace he had given her free of her blouse. "Am I going to find one of these on that body, Pete?"
The older Winchester rolled his eyes at that, but Sam knew by the slight slump to his shoulders, the way he stopped holding his arms across his chest and let them slid apart to settle on the table, that his heart wasn't really in the fight. Which meant Sam just had to wait.
Dean pulled back, grabbed the pillow beneath Cas's head and hit him with it, all with a hunter's speed. He could still hear the angel's muffled laughter from beneath it.
When his brother started snoring, Sam Winchester opened his laptop, pulled up a mislabeled document sent to himself from his phone, and wrote down ‘
Shocked silence reigned in the house, though Dean didn't seem to notice. Instead, he was moving into the kitchen, grabbing honey out of the cabinet and putting the kettle on. Bobby glanced at Sam, who was staring at him with wide, flabbergasted eyes. The old hunter had nothing, and shrugged helplessly.
"You heard from Jo?" Ellen's voice was tinny through the speaker, but Dean knew her daughter heard it the second she tensed and those daggers got a thousand times sharper. The older hunter glared right back, keeping his expression neutral. Which wasn't terribly hard to do, since he hadn't decided what answer he planned on giving yet.
"Sit down before you fall down," he growled out, grabbing the crowbar from the table. "You're shaking like a leaf, Sammy. Just watch and learn."
"Mine didn't spill," he countered teasingly, raising the glass in a toast. It wasn't until he was taking a sip that he realized, with a mental jolt, he was flirting. That was what people did, in bars, at night, when they randomly bumped into each other, wasn't it? It was with a second jolt Sam realized he didn't feel nearly as bad about that as he thought he would.
Dean slid to the ground as Sammy collapsed, heaving for breath now that his lungs could fully expand.  He looked at his older brother, but neither knew what to say.
"And what? We're supposed to be thankful?"
The hunter groaned, sure to have bruises all up and down his back tomorrow (if he lived that long). He picked his head off the wall to glare at the black-eyed bastard. "Or what? You'll kill me?"
"Gonna shoot me with that hilariously
Sam went through several different responses, throwing them all out when he couldn’t seem to form the words correctly.  Finally, he threw his arms out to his sides.  “Are you insane?”
"Why do you ask?"
"If you're a PI, where's your work?" Diana's eyes were pinned on him, ignoring her temperamental partner for the moment. Dean slowly dropped his gaze back to her. "Photos? Notes? Anything to prove you are what you say you are. How about a last name, for starters."
Sammy was still calling his name, although it sounded like panic was giving way to exasperation. Dean turned to him, eyes wide and hand still pinching at his mouth and cheek.
"It seems I cannot extract it," Castiel continued, oblivious, but looking bereft at the perceived failure. "Your soul is inexplicably tied to the fragment. It will not release it."
. Damn it, this was already making his head hurt. It had all been so long ago – so many crises and bad decisions and ends of the world ago.
In turn, the hunter regarded Rachel with something she identified as concern. Or panic. Perhaps a mixture of the two? She was not very skilled at reading humans.
"How about a raincheck? We're on the same side here, after all, Tom."
"Alright then." Ellen nodded, and that was, somehow, miraculously, unexplainable,
somehow manage to get her in a trap? Only thing I know that can kill a demon is Kurdish blade-"
Jimmy had no surviving parents, nor grandparents; his mother and father had passed while he was in his adolescent years, and he was an only child. So Castiel had had to start further back. The bloodlines were as seared into his mind as the names of the prophets or the history of Man, and so he knew that Ishmael's blood has passed to Jimmy through his father, Gregory Novak, who had no full-blooded siblings, only a half sister who did not carry the line. Jimmy's grandmother, Anabelle, had eight siblings for Castiel to track down. The first, Jimmy's deceased great aunt, had three daughters, all with children and grandchildren of their own now. The angel proceeded with the oldest, which took him to the island of Kauai, where Melanie Novak had gone to school, met and married an island native, and started a family there. The couple had two children, a son who passed at a young age from a childhood disease, and a daughter, whose hospital room Castiel currently stood in.
“You’re not seriously stupid enough to walk in here knowing I’ve got the Colt, are you?”
He'd driven out of the town of Lafayette, about twenty miles to the southwest, before finding this gas station on the outskirts. There was no point driving any further out; any angel to answer his prayer would know that if Sam Winchester was with his older brother, he was going to be somewhere in the town of Lafayette. There wasn't another city equal in size close enough to really mislead them. Dean had driven far enough from the motel his brother was still sleeping in to not call suspicion to it, but not far enough away to make it obvious he was trying to hide the location, either.
One dream and he was a quivering mess. A single whiff of copper that his brain had supplied entirely on its own. It was as infuriating as it was disheartening. God, it had just been a dream. What on earth was he going to do if he had to face the real thing again? And it was coming. He knew it was. Azazel wasn't the type to bluff. Sure, he took sadistic pleasure in messing with Sam's head, but that didn't mean he was lying about his threat. He could be around every next bend, waiting with that damned blood, to either force down Sam's throat or blackmail him into it with one threat or another.
Sam breathed out…something. He wasn't even sure what it was – it certainly wasn't something
Diana pulled a sheet of paper out of the manila folder Sheridan had had back in the holding area and slid it towards him. He stopped its movement with his hands best he could, chained to the table as he was. When he looked down at it, Dean found a pretty good sketch of himself and Sam staring back.
Their backyard neighbor who was nervous for a date coming over that night, and spent more than three hours picking out an outfit. She was very concerned about the size of her boobs, or what she perceived as a lack-there-of.
When Cas had come back…it was the first time Dean had ever seen a miracle he actually believed in. And not in the cheesy, chick-flick way (and anyone thinking it can piss off) but in the honest-to-God-we-need-a-miracle-or-we're-all-dead way that something (someone) had actually pulled through for them (though Dean still sort of refused to thank God for it).
Was he?  He certainly wasn’t the brother Sam knew.
She smiled right back and grabbed the ice bucket. "Now, you gonna leave me to face my mom all alone, or come partake in the scream fest?"
Demons didn't have weaknesses. Not like humans. No pressure points to pinch or press. Sam could dislocate that thumb pushing into the vulnerable, soft spot just beneath his ear and Azazel wouldn't even flinch. The part of Sam's brain that ran on instinct and survival chided him for his foolishness. For believing that bravery was ever going to see him through this unharmed.
' out of him before Dean realized that, likely, this would call more attention to them than just letting Sam escape on his own.
, he thinks.
"You don't have to hide up here, you know." He looked down at his coffee mug as he said it, a little too afraid to face the angel. It was three quarters empty and he felt stupid having brought it along. He should have brought Cas one. The angel no longer required food or drink, but he'd grown to like the taste of coffee during his time as a human, and still dreank it now and again.
Dean was the scum of the earth – worse now that he was
“Nah.”  For once, Dean was ready.  He had his story straight.  He’d had almost fifty hours of flying and driving to figure out how to cover his ass this time.  And if he felt bad lying to his brother, he reminded himself what the inside of a psychiatric hospital looked like.  Because he’d been there, done that, and he was not eager to see where Sam placed time travel on the sanity scale.
The detective shook her head, rubbed at her eyes, and checked again. Mostly blank doc just waiting for her to fill it out. Man…she was more tired than she thought. With a moment of hesitation she wasn't proud of, Diana put her fingers back to the keys, but couldn't stop staring at the screen, waiting for something to happen.
"God damn it," Dean muttered, turning away from the body. The kid was on his back, eyes wide, terrified and sightless, staring up at the ceiling of an old general store. He'd been strangled and stabbed. The bruising on his neck was grotesque, finger-shaped dents pressed so far into his skin they were more black than purple, and his chest was a bloody mess, shirt punctured in more than half a dozen spots.
Rachel tried not to be irritated by the human but failed. Mostly, she failed. "I got a quick sense of his location earlier. He was in the Paradises, adding credence to my suspicions that he is hiding Castiel in a set of human memories."
As the smaller angel stared at him, wide-eyed realization taking shape into something ugly – something terrifying – Uriel confirmed the unthinkable. "I have seen it."
Dean blinked, realizing that they'd completely ignored one of their greatest assets. And it wasn't Andy's super-power (no way in hell he'd ever let the kid control Jo, or any hunter for that matter). No, it was his complete naivety to this scene. To hunting. They could blame his leaps of thought and easily missed information that any hunter should know as amateur hour. In the meantime, Dean and Sam could fill in the gaps, as if the kid's out-of-the-box thinking (cough, amateur, cough) was inspiration. Damn. He should have hired Andy as his unintentional cover nine months ago. He'd have had way less anxiety around Sam and Bobby at the time.
"Zombies." He blinked slowly at the two brothers. "You're telling me we just got an SOS from a town in Oregon, but it's a trap-" and here he turned from one brother to the other- "because it's full of…angry zombies. Reavers. We're going to a town full of Reavers."
Dean eyed her warily from his periphery. When he turned more fully to her, it was with a mask of confidence and pure diversionary tactic. "You seriously think an
Ava stilled at the other voice in the darkness, muffled by one of walls. She faced that one, hoping it was the way out. "Hello? Hello! Get me out of here! I'm trapped!"
Dean pulled his head back to disagree (he had
Through hours and hours of fevered hell, ever changing, ever terrible, Sam found himself in places he knew and others he didn't. Those he found comfort in were perverted by pain and fear. There was the panic room, the iron in the walls glowing red hot around him as he tossed in his sweat-soaked cocoon, trapped in the heat as he burned alive and boiled from the inside out. Dean and Bobby were trying to burn the demon out of him, but it wasn't going to work. He couldn't take it, couldn't survive it. They were killing him.
Brown eyes flew open as the thing he’d just enveloped his mind around flared at the sudden attention.  It filled his body, vibrating bones and muscles and making him feel weightless and heavy in a single breath.  His mass increased as gravity retreated, although he knew neither existed in this place.  His feet were still solidly on the ground when he checked, but damn if it didn’t feel like he was struggling just to stay connected with the earth.
"Thanks, Doctor," he said with a nod, trying to get the man out of the room now that he'd once more exhausted every possible scenario where the medical world got his brother out of this. Sam had already known it wouldn't happen; he was going to have to turn to the supernatural remedy if he wanted to save Dean.
Sam could tell the question instantly made Dean uncomfortable, but he was going to have to work past it if they were going to fix this. It also helped settle his brother back down. Uncomfortable and awkward Dean was far easier to handle than the angry and self-loathing alternate.
“My dear, perhaps you can help us.  I’m trying to convince Sam here that I’ve got the miracle cure he needs.”
books and tossed it her way, voice dripping with derision- "she's a fan. A
it) "If the fleshbag has something to say, it better speak up-"
Dean and Cas get to have a chat, one on one. Aaaand...that's...that's all I can tell you cuz it's not written yet *head thud* *facepalm* *head thud*
"And…" Dean looked between the two of them again, expression growing more and more skeptical, not to mention incredulous. "You think it's
"That would explain why she insisted we were 'crazy.'"
Her stomach twisted unpleasantly, threatening to ruin the actually halfway decent breakfast Dean had cooked them.  She hadn't expected him to know a spatula from a spoon in the kitchen, but he'd proven a pretty decent chef, much to her surprise (and Sam’s:
"What is it?" Sam lowered the paper, reaching out a supportive hand, but Diana brushed him off.
This chapter was written well into season 12, and it was with so much regret I couldn't include Dean knowing his mother!
why the building had to be so specific?" Sam asked once Dean offered up reason numero uno on why they needed such precise conditions for the summoning. The taller of the two brothers rolled his eyes, exasperated that his brother couldn't have just
"What about me?"
"Let Dean drive," the younger Winchester scolded Andy, though there was barely any heat. "His head's big enough as is without you filling it."
“Then we headed here,” Sam concluded, looking over at Jess, who was hearing some of this for the first time.  Her eyes were wide and she’d certainly had an interruption or two of her own when she’d learned that
the new kid seemed in poor taste. Andy was pretty sure they'd do better making friends in this place than enemies.
-o-o-o-
Jo regarded him with narrowed eyes, before glancing at both brothers and shooting back, "What about them?"
God to start participating or else), it was time to call for backup. He had questions that needed answering, and they all needed someone a little more familiar with the rules. Dean was at the end of his rope trying to figure this out misstep by misstep.
He cleared his throat awkwardly.  “Uh…sorry, Sammy.”
He was shaking with rage, and that scared Andy, but not enough to stop the words from going through. "Doctor- wait… are you… are you talking about Dr. Jennings?"
"Those aren't going to hold long," he announced as he shut and locked the main door of Dr. Lee's business. It, too, was comprised of far too much glass for his liking. The whole damn building was, something he'd never once worried about before this night. He hadn't thought he'd ever have to worry about those sorts of things at home.
"I'm not mad. I'm glad he's still in there." Thrilled, even, not that he'd ever admit it, because
Jo opened her mouth and hissed, "
“How?”  Little Amanda blinked in shock when something warm splashed onto her lips and chubby cheeks.
Till next time,
He opened his eyes again to nod at the Winchesters, not only to let them know the drug was working (and really, ridiculously, so much appreciated), but that he was okay. He would be okay. They had to go now.
As they left, they heard Jo turn to her mother, arms crossed over her chest and a pointed look in her eye as she spat, "Nice."
in the housenow knew about it.
and (he'd never admit it out loud) comforting.
Then Sam started pointing out crates for Castiel to transport back to the Singer household and the angel focused on the task at hand.
"Gee, thanks, Sherlock. We hadn't thought of that," Tom deadpanned before rolling his eyes. "Not only is Ms. Siege warded, her entire office is as well. Turns out-" he picked up one of the
great already.
The leather of the steering wheel creaked under Dean’s knuckles.  He didn’t look at his brother again, instead checking the rearview mirror before re-focusing on the road.  “Yeah, well, we will be soon enough.”
Sam laughed, but there was nothing remotely funny about this.  The noise was angry and incredulous, and so damn fed up.  He opened the passenger door.  “I’m so sick of you lying to me, man.  Do whatever you want; I’m going to go find Dad.”
"Yellow Eyes," Sam read aloud. Dean caught on first. Andy wanted to go someplace Azazel wouldn't find them.
(Cas. Cas was more vulnerable and Dean had a friggin' fifteen-point lecture complete with Power Point on just why that was.)
The last verse to ‘
"For breakfast?" Castiel asks, an incredulous chuckle slipping past his lips as he leans against the threshold of his house, watching Dean tie up his boots.
They must be enjoying themselves.
"Lisa must be looking for you, you should get back to her."
Today was going to be the same. Or at least so Castiel thought until he heard muted noises behind the bare, metal door. He wanted to scream, he wanted to call for help, but he found himself utterly useless— utterly human, save for his glorious black wings, now tied-up and bleeding. Footsteps echoed through the outside of the room he was suspended in, and he felt his skin prickle with anticipation of the pain which was to come.
"Shall I continue?"
I'll eat up."
Not for the first time in days, Castiel wished he was Lisa.
Castiel jumped back, his heart pounding in his chest, only to find a woman, short and aged, with spiky white hair, dressed in a sober-colored midi dress, standing at the base of the staircase, watching him. The scent of tangerines, laced with something quite distinctly
As Castiel turned towards the door of the bedroom, deciding to let Dean rest and venture outside, he was reminded absently of the day he'd found out he was expecting. It had been a few weeks of constant nausea when Dean had scolded Castiel for not taking good care of himself, and booked him a meeting with an omega-medician. Of course, even when Dean had scolded him, his voice had never raised. He had simply held Castiel firmly by the shoulders, looked him in the eye, and told him,
"Explosion? When?"
"Feel that?" The omega asked, a lewd, erotic expression on his face, one that was driving Dean insane with arousal and need, despite having orgasmed once already. Dean sucked in a breath, and focused his mind over where Castiel had placed his hand.
"I've played with it sometimes. And I've thought about you, Sir Winchester. You'd be so—" Castiel breaches the rim, and pushes a single digit inside as he lets out a pained moan, "— so big. I can't control myself, I'm sorry."
It's profound.
"Yes, sir?" She turned around, meeting Castiel's eyes promptly.
Perhaps.
"I'm not feeling woozy right now, Sam, if that's what you mean, and even if it's a spell, we killed the power source of it, it won't last. Now, will the two of you please help me burn this bitch's body?" A bitterness laces Dean's voice, and he finds it's too late to take his words back, which in hindsight, he should have used a lighter tone, since Castiel's face falls, and he nods.
"Dean—" he whined, rocking his ass back on his fingers, "-fuck, alpha, need you—"
"How did they, your parents, how did they—"
"I never chose you, Dean, I never chose for this to happen. It happened, and I can't change it, and I don't want to change it."
"Yes, it's weird. We don't need to do much, just, cuddling is fine."
"You're, uh— you have a boyfriend?"
Castiel simply rolls his eyes, a reluctant grin at his lips.
“Smart.”
"I've told ya’, Cas, it's better this way."
"Oh," Dean rasps, suddenly voiceless, "-that— that I can do."
"Mr. Winchester, please stop—"
They chuckle, pulling away, only for Dean to link his fingers through Castiel's as they stand on the grass, faces inches apart, eyes transfixed onto each other until Castiel speaks up, "-Come home with me. It's cold outside."
“I’m not straight. Not completely.”
Dean's eyes travel over the bare walls in Castiel's room, before he sighs, shakes his head, and pulls away from Castiel, once again sitting at the edge of the bed, his bare feet brushing over the ground. He rubs a hand over his face with conviction, sucks in a deep breath, and hangs his head low.
"My wife, she's expecting too."
"That's what I told the other boy, that hunk of yours."
Dean shrugs and looks between Sam and Rowena. She composes herself and shuts her eyes, her eyebrows furrowed as she tries to recollect something. She mumbles something to herself, before fluttering her eyes open and settling them on Dean.
With a few hesitant steps, Dean moved closer to Castiel, and then finally, leaned in.
Tear after tear spills down Dean's face, but he doesn't turn away. He wants Castiel to see him. He wants Castiel to know how much he means to Dean— enough for Dean to be broken without him.
a soft, hesitant knock
A soft laugh reaches across and Dean grins, perplexed at how the man seems to draw him in.
"My promise. ‘M keeping my promise."
"You think I'd want to give an angel my cock? A divine, holy being of light— guess it's true what they say.
"Thank you, Garth, you've been a great help," Dean smiled, and Garth's vigour seemed to have replenished at the praise. He smiled back, and headed for the stairs.
"Just run down to a bodega?!" Castiel exclaims, eyes wide with disbelief as he stares at the wall.
"I don't care."
"Hey," he says as he answers and presses the phone to his ear.
"Shh," Dean cooed, and at once, Castiel felt broad, warm arms embrace him, wrap him in a gentle touch, and Dean's fingers ran through his hair, touching him with such gentleness as if Castiel were fragile, as if he could break had Dean touched him with more pressure. And inside Castiel, bloomed something strange, and he relished in Dean's warm, compassionate arms.
The alarm blared through the Skeld, high-pitched and stinging, and Castiel glanced up, eyes roaming above over the ceiling. He was busy clearing the asteroids in Weapons, and he had another task in Electrical to calibrate the distributor, so he winded up clearing the asteroids, and made his way over to Electrical, where the lights needed to be fixed. With only three crewmates alive, out of which one had to be the Impostor, Castiel's nervousness grew as he neared Electrical. Somehow, the passage seemed empty—eerily empty, but he had no choice. The lights needed to be fixed.
The sound of fabric ripping drew Castiel's attention to it, and he glanced back to find Dean tearing through the cloth of his dark-green suit to free his cock from the confines of the fabric.
"You're beautiful, prince."
Castiel let out a soft laugh, and Dean joined him in his laughter, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck as he stepped away. Castiel moved closer into the alpha's side, allowing his senses to be drenched in the scent of his alpha.
It had taken them guts to get where they were. It had taken them ounces of tears, blood and pain to find some semblance of normalcy, to be accepted. And only having Dean by his side, holding his hand as tightly as he could had helped Castiel pull through.
"You see Cas anywhere? I can't find him."
After a pause, Sam speaks up again.
Sam is alive. He might be alone, but alive at least. And he will pull through. He's always been the stronger one. He'll pull through. Had it been Dean, however, he wouldn't be able to. Which is exactly why Dean is satisfied with the way things are for Sam. And hey, he's got Miracle with him.
"Mh."
Dean's eyes snapped over to Garth, and he nodded, and followed Garth, who walked over to the front door, plucking out a large bunch of keys from the pocket of his jacket, and holding out a single, solid, iron key. He twisted it into the keyhole at the door, and Castiel watched, holding his breath, as the sound of the door clicking open resounded through the air, and at last, Garth pushed the doors open.
Dean doesn't respond for a moment, simply teetering at the edge of the bed, before pushing his boots off, followed by his socks, and bringing his hands up to unbutton his flannel shirt.
Castiel falters. His face flushes with a burning heat, not for the first time that morning, and he fumbles with his words, unsure how he should reply to Dean’s request. He pushes himself off the wall and turns to stare at it for a short moment, blinking his eyes in disbelief at the ease in Dean’s tone, before mumbling in a low voice. “Which one would you like me to read?”
It’s not like Dean would lie to him, especially about something as serious as this, and Castiel stands by that. He only feels a bit startled by the fact that all of this occurred in the span of a few days, and somehow, he ended up being the
"Guess not."
Whatever. It was just polyester.
His eyes prickle with a sheen of tears, and although he isn't one to tear up at such minor inconveniences, the fatigue from his work seeps into his emotions, and before he knows it, the pillow cover under his cheek is damp with tears, and soft hiccups rise at the back of his throat.
This was a Knight of Hell.
He doesn't know why he senses a meek smile at Blue's lips, but the image does seem quite pleasing.
and mythology, and all."
. Castiel is not going to talk to him. He doesn't care about Dean. He doesn't want to talk to him.
"Yeah."
Fresh, steaming hot coffee drizzles into Castiel's favourite honey-bee cartoon mug, and he shuffles over to the side of the counter, grabbing a creamer for his beverage. The warm, bitter-sweet aroma of rich, unadulterated coffee drifts through the air as Castiel rips the creamer packet open, pouring it into the mug as the last few drops of coffee drip down from the machine.
Footstep after footstep, quiet and expectant, Castiel tread over to the door, eyes glancing down at the large, glimmering brass door knob. Something about the door seemed to invite Castiel, and his feet carried him closer, and closer, and closer—
The young hunter bared his teeth with true huffiness that Dean would be proud of (and endlessly annoyed by, most likely). "I told you. Only my brother gets to call me that."
