The wound was to the back of the right thigh, not life-threatening at first glance, but no-doubt horridly painful. John shivered and convulsed in Sherlock’s arms, flecks of thick greenish fluid against his lips.
John was a survivor. John was steadfast and fearless. The Omega had been dealt a tough hand at birth, and yet managed to soldier on, quite literally. He’d been mistreated, emotionally and physically, put down, ignored, dismissed and yet still he persevered.
“Yes?” He bent his arm, holding his own pressure over the site now, pushing down the plaster with probably more force than necessary.
Dr Wilkes cleared his throat and situated himself on his stool, grasping his pen and lifting it to John’s navy blue eyes.
It didn’t occur to John to speak just then, only he held Sherlock’s gaze with his own depthless navy blue eyes.
Her hair was perfectly coifed and held back in a clasp that had clearly seen better days, once brassy but dulled with time and one too many liberal coats of hairspray. It was naturally curly, distinctive, but frizzed along the ends, so it had been quite a while since her last haircut. Her makeup was sparse, calling upon her natural comeliness rather than manufactured beauty, but her mascara caked and scaled along the eye-line, sending flakes below her eyes like tiny, dirty flecks of soot. The blouse was new, as evidenced by the sheen on the buttons, but her pants frayed at the hems. Her shoes were ill-fitting, veritably bursting at the sides as the narrow fit did a wide foot no favours. All in all she was a working Guide, no Tower favourite here and…oh yes, absently fingering a small-chained gold-plated bracelet worth hardly anything at all.
He allowed himself to be ushered unceremoniously out of the room, then out of the small building in exactly the same way he came in. The air outside was fresh and clean, stirring about his person with a touch a lavender. He took a few steps out towards the packed dirt driveway, peering in the distance at the main building of Serenity Cottage proper and shook his head.
“No. I don’t want you on their radar. It’ll look – well, it’ll look odd. I’m supposed to be homeless remember? I’m not supposed to have posh friends, let alone…,” he shrugged, looking Sherlock up and down with meaning, “let alone someone like
The small blond cringed when he remembered the conversation at the kitchen table and the implied rejection. He really should have known better than to try and delve into the romantic life of a creature such as Sherlock Holmes. An apex Alpha like Sherlock simply didn’t need a latent Omega slobbering over him like a puppy, and John felt that was exactly what he did, even if
, not to frustrate the man into a frenzy. John left the lock untouched, and was sure that with just a little more resistance, his Alpha would find his final submission as sweet as honey, as sweet as the downy tufts of pollen found on the delicate legs of Sherlock’s beloved bees.
“Well, I was one of their subjects. I was an unformed Omega, like you were once, and they were testing a new type of serum…a kind of therapy to activate a formerly dormant gene only present on certain Omegas,” she wiped her tears away again, trying to catch her breath, her eyes becoming unfocussed behind John, “you see, not all Omegas have this gene. They once considered it a throwback, a…a viral remnant, until Dr. Frankland realized what it truly was.”
John stiffened, gun still grasped in his left hand and smeared with a thick swath of the other man’s tacky blood, as red and blue lights suddenly filled the white-tiled room in a strange visual tattoo of warning. There was no sound, only lights, rapidly pulsing on and off in a strobe-like pattern, obviously signalling some kind of silent alarm.
“No, don’t bullshit me Irene. What is it you really want from me? Why go through all this? I know I’m not your first test subject, just possibly the first one to be successful. So…what is it you want?”
“Too much of a what now?” John queried, smiling with no sense of joy behind the expression, “were you going to say liability?” Anger spiked his tone. He may have made a mistake, but he wasn’t going to crawl and hide away to (possibly) seize and die in a corner.
do you need to know about Jim?" John moved the rather plain saucer and cup toward Mycroft, who accepted with suitable aplomb.
Sherlock sniffed and stood from the bed, catching his wan reflection in the opposite wall mirror as he did so. He gave himself the two-fingered salute, complete with a rather juicy raspberry.
, if it hadn’t been wedged open by a quickly placed heavy boot. The man with the Taser was pushing full force against the door, grunting with exertion as John threw himself bodily against it a futile attempt to keep them from entering the bungalow.
Sherlock however, wanted more, and he was quite vocal on this fact. He made a list. This list was thrust upon John ten days after he moved in, and John eyed it balefully as it sat in his lap, the blue lined paper as deceptively innocent as a primary schooler’s composition book.
"Do you know where you are? Do you know what happened?" John clipped, using his jacket to fan away the intrusive, stinking smoke. He was only vaguely aware of the ever increasing amounts of shouting and gunfire behind him.
Neither man answered, engrossed as they were in each other. It was heady and new, this freedom, this ability to just
Well, since this day was just chock-full of new experiences and revelations, he supposed a visit to his mind palace wouldn’t be out of order. He climbed back atop his bed, gingerly (no use in flopping anymore, not unless he wanted to break a bone), resting on his back and closing his eyes. There were a great many things that needed to be categorised and stored, not the least of which was how he would ever get back at his brother for forcing him into this horrid, stone-aged excuse for a retreat.
“Excuse me?” A young, female voice, floated around from behind him, causing the Omega to start a bit violently.
All three boys formed a line in front of John now, Ed moving forward with every step John took back.
Sherlock kept his back to the Omega, purposefully refusing to acknowledge the man was even still in the room. The tension was perceptible in his rigid lines of muscles in his back, and he inhaled in long, drawn out huffs.
John didn’t know what it felt like to be swallowed whole, consumed completely in the metaphorical sense. He knew what it felt like to be taken sexually, to be owned, but this…this felt like Sherlock had grasped the entirety of his being and wrapped it in a most fervent and depthless embrace from which John may never learn to adequately escape. He was lost, lost forever to this man, and this was only a
But he kept all that to himself, of course; locked away, tightly, in a pirate’s treasure chest stowed deep, deep in the gallows of his mind palace, only rarely ever opened - and only then to remind himself that love,
“You know I think that’s ridiculous, but whatever.” Brandy opened her mouth to reply, only to have Julia cut her off with a quick swipe of her hand.
“I don’t even know how to work the bloody gizmo,” John scowled, “I’ve seen episodes of Dr. Who set centuries in the future that had less complicated technology than that noisy
Mycroft sighed the exasperated sigh of the tired and overworked. “Then explain to me, brother mine, about that little display in your hallway just this morning. Is that what you call not getting involved?” He tilted his head to the side, already knowing the answer, but wanting to hear it from the apex himself.
They didn’t speak again; and John found little comfort in the looking out the window, watching as they drove into the evening mist, headlights reflecting in the puddles of muck that gathered in the dips and creases of the street.
With a put upon sigh from across the room, Mycroft crossed one leg over the other and spoke, “We need your help Dr. Watson. As a latent Omega, and a homeless one at that, we feel you would be the perfect…candidate to help suss out the killers, and save countless lives in the process. Of course, we would spare no expense with security; your safety would be paramount.”
“Hm?” Sherlock queried absently, only having eyes for bunched printouts gripped tightly in the policeman’s hand.
Over time, John could say he had got used to the smell of the apex Alpha he was more than proud to call his own, but that would most definitely be a lie. To John, he still emanated excitement, exuded power and intelligence, not mention he smelt of the most decadent tobacco, purest rosin, and about a thousand other low-notes John had yet to categorize. It was simply mind boggling how sensitive his nose had become since the ‘experiment.’
“They could be,” Mycroft proffered, though he seemed surprisingly unaffected by John’s declaration, “although we cannot say for sure. Much of Dr. Frankland’s notes and medical data were destroyed. If he is not behind this, then, someone else may be conducting this experiment on their own, most assuredly with information we lack.”
I know. I KNOW I said only one more chappie. But then...then, background and characters...and story...
The glow from the fairy lights outright mocked Sherlock's suffering, opting instead to gleam and blink cheerfully from around the mantel and mirror. The Alpha swallowed the offensive bite of fruitcake, the sponge so dry as to scrape the lining along his oesophagus every second of the way down. His eyes watered.
The moment hung in the air, no one moved. Behind John, Gloria scratched at her sheet, recording the code as effortlessly as sending a Snapchat.
“As for me,” the brunet swung off his jacket in one sensuous arc, rolling up his silk shirtsleeves immediately afterwards, “I think it would be faster if I inspected and broke-down the files and photos on my own. No offense, but obviously you do not have the memory and cross-referencing skills needed for this situation.”
“Oh, bless…” She moved inside, fluttering one hand behind her to close the door and juggling the myriad of supplies in her grasp, “I’m so sorry, I really am. You must think us so unprofessional,” Trudi twittered nervously, laying everything she needed out on the table.
,” she laughed, moving away from the glass and away from the twitching and suffering visage of one John Watson, “I’m talking about that fool Wilkes.”
“Um, yes, well…do you have Hob Nobs?” He looked up at her expectantly, allowing a flicker of hope to gleam in his multi-coloured eyes (women seemed to like that).
“That better be some other poor soul, or I’ll see you groveling at Her Majesty’s pleasure. Do you understand?” Mycroft straightened, cowing the man with the strength of his presence.
The apex Alpha didn’t respond, and Lestrade only looked back and forth between the two like he had somehow stumbled into the middle of a domestic.
And He surely didn’t know how this was supposed to all be accomplished during a mere two-week stay…and Sherlock didn’t like not knowing.
Mrs. Hudson took off like a rocket, vacating her place at the bed to shoot towards the door and the fancy light switch only recently upgraded. Underneath the main button for the lights was a small and prominently displayed blue button demonstrably labelled ‘emergency.’
“Sherlock,” Molly interrupted, the curved lines of her lips lifting in an apologetic bow, “would you like some coffee? It’s awful, I know…only, it’s been hours, in fact…it’s been, it’s half eleven, I’m exhausted.”
The Omega pushed his way in, immediately aware of the horrid waiting room music that floated through the area. There was another workspace at the far end of conference-room-turned-office, occupied by an energetic young man who flitted about between his computer, phone, and filing cabinet.
It was a long moment before he could speak, before he could even put together a sentence, but he prevailed, if only just.
“What’s happening?”  He realized the glow of the fireplace was gone, the kitchen fading from existence. He blinked as the innards of his own shattered coffee mug ghosted away.
“John, since I’ve met you, you’ve taught me so many things. Things I had previously thought to be weaknesses, to be…not advantageous to someone of my kind. You are, without a doubt, the bravest, kindest, and wisest man I have ever known. I, on the other hand, am a ridiculous man. So…is it so very unreasonable to suspect that, at some point, you would be inclined to leave me?”
In the rainy early evening, just underneath the nearest streetlight, there sat a large black saloon, running still and with its headlamps still on. At his door, two burly suited government types went in for another rude round of knocking, seemingly uncaring that it was pissing down rain and the entire row of rundown houses appeared to be abandoned.
“We can – or I can – deduce from John’s own actions that he found himself alone, in a place that not many people were privy too. Perhaps there was a situation, something unexpected, and he chose to take advantage. You can tell by the multitude of photos, practically dozens, that he was taking as many as he could without any regard as to what information they contained – my clever, clever John.”
The apex Alpha’s hands lingered maddeningly, running slowly over each scar and dip on his pectorals, before focusing their butterfly-soft tips over his gnarled shoulder.
“Well I, I thought you’d sleep with me. My bedroom is through the kitchen, just past the bathroom. Don't you remember? You already woke up there once.”
“And what’s this?” He unfolded the paper, watching with interest as it crinkled ever so slightly when he smoothed it across his good thigh.
“If you don’t mind…I’d very much like to forego all appearances, now that we are alone. What designs do you have on my brother…and no, don’t pretend like you don’t know what I’m talking about. You know who I am, don’t lie, it
“There, you see? There…” Sherlock pointed a long, elegant finger at the heading of the flyer, “Warumomo, the name of the company; same as the pill, WMM. The 50 must be a lot number of sorts. Blue food grade ink, beta-carotene, probably beet extract…we’ll know more once we’re back at my flat,
“Only once.” She frowned with obvious regret. “But I believe that case had its own problems, even from the beginning.”
He then rose and stepped away, blissfully unaware of the cacophony of sound around him, the discordant symphony of a crime scene (flash bulbs, radios, errant sirens, raised voices, crying). He eyes followed the trail of dirty water and blood as it flowed lazily down into an adjacent storm sewer, moving even still, though the rain had ceased to fall at least 20 minutes ago.
She focussed on being as quick as possible, feeding each and every sheaf into the insatiable machine, smiling more and more as the documents that outlined any suspicions of her complicity were offered up to the sharp teeth of the shredder.
“John Watson is in danger and we are the only ones who can help him. So whatever it is your tiny little emotionally underdeveloped brain has itself worked up about,
Sherlock continued to watch John with large, softly shining eyes, even as the man turned and limped through the automatic glass doors and into the Centre.
He couldn’t see past the panda cars at first, but once he did, his vision narrowed and all outside stimulus was abandoned for only the most important, most critical information his Alpha senses could gather. The bag of Indian food was forgotten, placed flatly on the boot of the nearest car, a victim of Sherlock's pinpoint focus.
Sherlock felt a cold wash of shame spill across his skin, settling uncomfortably upon his nerves. He felt…he felt, unstable. Inside somewhere there was a…a pain he couldn’t describe. It centred in his chest, growing outwards, slowly consuming and subsuming him - until the slight high-pitched chinkle of glass against enamelled tile caught his attention, tearing him away from his introspection.
sure it matches the others?” The Alpha swept his gaze over John’s small body, taking in his clothing and demeanour, and probably reading all of his inner most secrets at the same time. He turned on one heel and sauntered into the kitchen in that uncomplicated way of his, as if he were untouchable, above it all. John followed.
“And is my brother to receive the treatment? I was informed there was an…incident.” It didn’t take much more than a slight pause in his words to convey the gravity of his message, if there was one thing Mycroft Holmes took
I love constructive criticism as well, as long as it is constructive. Writing is a new hobby, so I am still learning (still learning SO MUCH).
London was just so damn expensive, and even though his depressingly beige little bedsit was subsidized by his pension, it wasn’t a home. With every passing day he watched his bank account dwindle. Of course, there were the monthly stipends. A little ‘Hey thanks for letting us ruin your life, here’s a few pounds,’ thrown his way. But it was like tossing stones and sand into a river, watching it catch the current and float momentarily before disappearing into its watery blue depths. His expenses and debts soon became too much to bear, and with his parents gone and Harry god knows where, he had no one to ask for help. Not that he would.
John felt dazed, stilled, and for the life of him he couldn’t understand his sudden paralysis. He’d seen many men die – both under his care and out on the field – but somehow this was different. This was personal, this was up close, in his face, and he couldn’t look away.
Then the light flickered off, a simple click of a button to show that this ‘John’ person found what he was looking for. It hadn’t taken very long, and the all-encompassing darkness engulfed settled back around him. Sherlock was less concerned this time. He felt inexplicably safe.
The woman settled back into the couch as he spoke, leaning one slender arm on the sumptuously padded curve of the raised right end. He thought it odd that she took no notes, just observed him fiercely; much like a naturalist observes a fascinating specimen in the wild.
“Never seen a chat involve restraining a 15 year old kid, maybe I’m not getting out as much as I should.” John replied; following the arc of the cigarette until it landed not far from his water-damaged brogues. After, he nodded towards Raz and took a measured step closer. The men seemed unimpressed, and stood their ground with beefy arms crossed along their sizeable chests. John could feel the tension in the air spike immediately. He wasn’t sure why, but he was certain these men were out for blood, and didn’t much care who they got it from.
was the great joke. Since Mary’s death, since the injury to his shoulder not long after, he’d spent his life slogging behind a veil of depression and Sensory Impotence. There were several ways to be impotent, if one held true to the definition of the word (he always preferred Oxford English to Merriam Webster), and he seemed to have inherited all but the overt physical aspects. His daily life, the random, electrical contractions that propelled his heart and mind, was stuck in a mephitis of over-steeped tea, cheap jumpers, and a muteness of mind that left him bereft and hopeless. He couldn’t
He turned his indigo gaze back upon the young man, noting his brown hair (fashionably shaggy), dark eyes (just this side of Earl Grey), the glint of a dangerously well-maintained firearm at his belt (he always did like dangerous), and thought, just for a moment mind, maybe he
“Lestrade, I believe this murder and the murder of several other young, male, latent Omegas over the last several months are linked. I believe they all participated in the same fertility study, and I believe those that conduct this study prey on the homeless to stay undetected and, until now, practically invisible.”
She clutched John’s mobile in her hand, glancing around as if making some kind of sordid dealing, and being entirely too obvious about it.
"Yes Mr. Holmes, can I help you?" He glanced around the dimly lit corridor, first to the left, then to the right before meeting the man's gaze once more. "Are you lost?"
John laughed, a bright and sudden sound in the room, placing his Jell-O cup back down on his hospital tray (he didn’t have the stomach for it anyway, it was the third time he’d had lime this week).
It wasn’t a feeling that was completely alien to the latent Omega, after all, his adrenal glands created enough sex hormones for him to have passible lubrication while aroused – but it was unusual for him to feel his own viscous slick while not experiencing any kind of outward, obvious sexual provocation.
John had never been a man who was very self-conscious of his appearance (at least not before Afghanistan). He was shorter than the average English male, and relatively slight. His facial features bordered on average, though he was quite proud of his eyes: cobalt blue with a tawny ring around the pupils. His time spent in the Army leant him a lean and fit physique he had once been proud of. Even after he was invalided out of the service, even when he was living rough and barely had the money to wash and wear clean clothes, he didn’t really spare much energy for worrying about his appearance beyond the odd realization that he must have looked bloody awful most of the time (and smelt that way as well).
Shouts and screams sounded around him, amorphous, drawn out and hazy as he took off in a sprint towards the figure painfully trying to drag his blazing body against the dirty ground. Each bloodied hand gripping and digging its nails into the dirt, clawing and snotting and grunting in agony. Boundless billows of stinking smoke stung the Omega's nostrils as he lurched towards the wreckage.
Dr. Wilkes was not a large man, but you’d never know it by the way his acrid coffee-laced breath subtlety quickened, as if he was recovering from some arduous physical activity. His warm hand gripped John’s shaft, which had thickened noticeably, a by-product of manual stimulation and (unfortunately) a perfectly normal reaction to a genital exam. John desperately willed the reaction to go down, feeling more than a little betrayed by his own body (a not altogether unfamiliar feeling).
And he did go; sleep’s tenacious fingers entwined in Sherlock’s own, locked, gripped and pulled him down into the depths of his mind.
“No, it’s just as I thought…gelatine, cellulose, and the like - all standard, nothing exciting, nothing to even remotely set it aside as anything out of the ordinary or
Three days of Mycroft and Lestrade with their platitudes and reassurances (hollow though they were) – three days of Molly Hooper regarding him with the saddest brown eyes imaginable. Three days of everyone at Scotland Yard (no thanks to Anderson and his propensity towards gossip) greeting him with the sorriest expression they could muster. It was…
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Mr. and Mrs. Chandler, my name is Sherlock Holmes and this is my bond-mate John Watson, we’re so very sorry for your loss.”
He had heard about it, of course, during Uni and in the Army, when Formed Omega friends of his talked of…
Beads of sweat collected at his temples and dropped – drop after drop – staining the gown of the young man suffering under John’s punishing chest compressions.
” John fisted his hands, pulling his left up to his temple and pressing hard, needlessly so. His headache was growing worse by the minute and he wasn’t sure he could stand the smell of the morgue much longer. His stomach turned, gurgling in his abdomen. He needed to leave and he needed to leave soon.
“Well good. That’s…good then. Did he say anything else? What did he look like?” He prodded her gently, he needed more information.
”Well, thanks for that.” John folded the paper back into its squares with a huff, shoving it into Sherlock’s chest firmly. “Since we’re all idiots I guess you manage on your own then, yeah?”
“Most in the world?” John couldn’t believe his ears, he must be hallucinating - it must be the morphine. John had never imagined,
Perhaps the smile had been too much. He was never very good at interacting with other people. That had always been Mycroft’s area.
Trudi untied the tourniquet and held pressure at the puncture site, making sure he didn’t bleed out all over the table, while simultaneously flipping through the papers on the clipboard, “I thought so too, but we got a fresh shipment in just yesterday. Not sure how they pulled that one, but, because of your…because you…” She tripped over her words; clearly she was finding it difficult to state openly that John was homeless.
Then she paused a moment in her tirade, only just long enough for a wild realisation to coalesce and come barrelling to the forefront of her mind.
), John managed to realize that the Alpha's grip was soft and tractable. Even after his first initial fright, after thumping his head hard on the plaster wall behind him, he realized Sherlock was not hurting him...didn't seem to want to hurt him.
He realized this all while sitting in his chair that Tuesday evening, his collar brushing irritatingly against his sensitive neck (really he wanted to just pull the damn thing off and…and…light it on fire or something) and reading the most recent copy of the Independent.
This was probably the worst of all. John put up a good front, a brave soldierly face in spite of it all, but Sherlock knew, he
When the early morning fog finally burned away, John was inspecting a small abandoned bungalow he discovered just the other day. It was out of the way and seemed perfect for harboring an office of sorts; since what he did was a bit dodgy, he certainly didn’t need the fuzz coming down on him.  His current license wasn’t set to expire for at least another six months, so what he did wasn’t illegal per se; he was just pretty sure they’d look down on a bit on a practicing doctor with no actual practice. It was more than a little worse for wear though, and evidence of vermin was apparent. One need only look at the feather covered floor and intermittent splatters of bird shite to figure that one out.
The anger from a few hours ago still bubbled under the surface of his skin. It was a thick, nasty thing that he couldn’t completely let go of. He wanted to enter this situation rationally, but really all he wanted to do was throttle the bastard. Most of the morning had been spent in macabre daydreams of wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s pale, creamy neck.
John heard low moaning, once again, in the background; but it sounded closer than it did in the earlier recording. He hazarded a glance to the two brothers, both of whom seemed too engrossed in the video to pay any attention to the Omega’s curious stare. With a swallow, he continued to watch.
With the last few vestiges of his energy, John was able to mouth three simple words. It was those words that John wanted Marcus to be the last thing he saw before he left this world. This was his last gift to this man that had found him and comforted him throughout one of the most painful times of his life. This was the last thing he could do for the man who tried to save him, even if it was a rash and foolish thing to do.
“Get to the point, Molly.” Sherlock was a genius, of course, but there was only so much he could do without taking and analysing the lymphatic tissue for himself.
While John petered about the kitchen, taking in its odds and ends and rather unsightly bits, Sherlock sat directly in front of the medium length dining table, his head perched bird-like over a very expensive looking microscope. The shine of the lens projected two round bright white circles around his eyes, reflecting the colour of his irises in such a way as to make them appear silvery, like discs of mercury on a milky white surface. He’d spent the previous half-hour dismantling the oblong pill, using his alarmingly dexterous fingers to gently coax the two ends apart, pouring the small pink spheres into his medium sized mortar (the pestle lying just to the side of the bowl), and placing each of the capsule halves into a clear fluid that dissolved the casings almost immediately.
Oh I am terrible. This is late, of course, because I have been ridiculously tired! It's alright though, I am trudging bravely through my ficcie, and I see an end in sight!!! Huzzah!!
John felt, quite strongly, that they were on the precipice of something - something extremely important that could change life for the both of them, maybe (oh god, hopefully) for the better.
The Alpha kicked the still steaming tray of food away from John’s cot, not even giving the punctured and ruined bit of mash and beef a second thought. He managed his way in three long strides and swung a powerful set of thighs over John’s groin, gripping at each hip bone as a lion grips prey at the neck to prevent their escape.
“Where is John?” Sherlock put careful emphasis on each syllable, hoping that maybe with his superb diction the question would somehow get through the man’s thick skull.
He uncapped the syringe and was tipping the vial downwards when a sharp and vicious burst of pain lanced through his body. A single point of searing, violent agony exploded in his left shoulder like some savage beast had got his claws in his person and was tearing him apart one delicate muscle layer at a time.
“Alright you listen here…” Lestrade’s voice lowered angrily, one finger pointed straight into Sherlock’s aristocratic face, “I’ve been a DI longer than you’ve even-”
John knew this was no ordinary blaze, such as one would find licking the lips of a frying pan in a kitchen fire. These were heaving, breathing,
Wilkes burst out a laugh, just one hearty guffaw, and for a minute the smile on his face was genuine.
The reflection of the sun off the damp London pavement made John feel slightly dizzy. He was aware, mostly in the back of his mind, that his hip had begun to hurt once more, sending dull waves of pain all the way down his leg and back up again. Mostly he just tried to focus on putting one foot in front of the other while keeping his head down as he made his way to the Highlands Centre.
“Precisely!” Sherlock barked, and Molly could only bask in his praise for a moment before he continued, “we need to pinpoint each and every place listed here and draw up an area map of central London. They must intersect at some points, and that will give us an adequate search area. It’s not a complete breakthrough, but it’s a start.”
Alpha at that. This was treacherous territory and John wasn’t sure what to do to placate the large man.
“So…what do you mean ‘go away’?” Julia enquired, stepping closer to John, her face flush with worry, “you promised you’d see us through this. Brandy’s due date is only two weeks away, are you still going to deliver our baby?”
Sherlock stood shoulder to shoulder with Lestrade and another young officer from the met, Officer Murray (just call me Bill, please), a small but powerful Beta that Mycroft had personally recommended for the raid. The very atmosphere was tense and quiet, the silence only broken at odd intervals by the irregular static of a handheld two-way radio. Unmarked police vehicles lined the streets, as inconspicuous as possible, and groups of men had gradually been gathering and taking their places for the raid that was soon to come. Sherlock felt very nearly like this was the calm before the storm, the quick, rapid flash of pure light before the thunder and rain came barrelling down.
He was only vaguely aware of a third goon, not dressed near as nice as the first two, stepping through the backyard and into the filthy kitchen.
Both Sherlock and Molly shared a quiet moment, smiling at each other. The scent emanating from Sherlock was one of anticipation, spicy, full of overt strength and purpose. It made her head spin, and while she knew she didn’t have a snowball’s chance, she knew there wasn’t much she wouldn’t do for this man.
John reached up, grabbing a coarse handful of the man’s dirty brown hair. He pulled his head back with a snarl, fancying he could hear each and every vertebrae twist and grind as he forced it backwards with devastating strength.
When John finally found his way to the heavily lacquered front door, Sherlock was stood on the sidewalk waiting, a black cab idling at the kerb. A faint look of annoyance settled on the Alpha’s face, but John paid it no never mind; the man knew he couldn’t move very fast, so he could just be patient or leave without John, his choice. Sherlock held the door open for the blond and prompted him to enter first; again, thoughts of fragile Victorian damsels flitted across his mind, and the Omega scowled. But he did manage to climb into the cab after all, his hip twinging as his right leg was forced to turn at an odd angle for a moment. Then he finally got settled in.
“Wha-what…?” Clearly he was having problems with speech. The thick tongue resting inside his mouth refused to move properly, and he felt as dehydrated as an Afghani well stricken dry by the sweltering desert.
Then the inevitable blast of air, the super-heated wave of pressure that crashed against John's own vehicle shattered the safety glass and ripped a shocked scream out of Hopkins. Spittle flew from his mouth as he gripped the steering wheel, white knuckled and wide-eyed as it became clear he was losing control of their transport.
He followed in line, easily situating himself with his fellow stone-faced soldiers. Each of them had the same sort of thoughts running through their heads: what had happened? How many were dead? Will we get there in time? Who would make it back alive?
happening in his wild mind, what occurred in those remarkable synaptic depths, and when they hazarded a guess, they usually couldn’t be farther from the truth.
John had had enough. He swung round, advancing on the brunet with righteous anger, every word clipped and stinging. He pulled his arm away from Sherlock with a little too much force than was probably necessary, but again, he didn’t care. His left hand flexed and clenched unconsciously at his side, though the Omega hardly noticed.
Sherlock continued to stare intently at the Omega, his bright tourmaline eyes boring into John’s own, so much so that the he had to look away, his complexion flushed under such overt scrutiny.
He sighed and rolled his left shoulder, it still ached and twinged when the humidity was just so, and he knew that before the day was out the pain would probably double in intensity.
Not far from the entrance to the alley stood a young boy and two large, brutish men (Alphas, by the smell of them). One of them had a cigarette, holding it like joint, while the other cruelly gripped the boy (maybe 14 years old?) with his arms behind his back. The cigarette danced in front of the boy’s face, leaving its smoke to cling to the glowing tip in wispy trails. He couldn’t hear quite what they were saying, but the smoking man’s tone and physical stance painted more than enough of a picture in John’s mind.
Useless thoughts and ruminations aside, John’s war-torn body was making it quite clear it was time for rest. He could no longer ignore the stiffness in his hip and shoulder, and while kipping on his bedroll on a hardwood floor didn’t hold a candle to a warm mattress, it was better than the gravel under the bridge. The blond fiddled with the locks on the door for a moment, dully clicking each one, engaging the brassy bars into the heavy wooden side-beam and wondering why he should even bother. After all, they were squatting, so it wasn’t as if they really need concern themselves with protection against housebreaking. He supposed it was for his own peace of mind really, as it comforted him to know that he and all those he kept close to him where safe…even if it was just for now.
Sarah and Bill were in the kitchen, talking lowly, and every so often laughing as they got to know each other. John had recommended the bright girl and Sherlock, having a soft spot for the man who helped rescue John, had no objections. It seemed they had hit it off, and the Alpha couldn't quite help the small sense of satisfaction in a job well done.
John’s eyes moved along his upper body, across the sparse hair covering his pectorals, a grey tucked in here and there. He had lost almost all his muscle tone along his arms and chest. His abdomen was practically concave, and while you couldn’t see his ribs just yet, it was only a matter of time. His right hip was an uneven, discolored disaster, covered by the telltale wavy meshed scar of a successful skin graft. It was just John’s luck that immediately after he’d been shot, the Land Rover he’d drove in on was hit by a rocket propelled grenade and exploded with incendiary gusto, throwing him to the ground and leaving third degree burns with melted plastic and metal shrapnel embedded in his right hip. He didn’t remember much after that, and for that he was endlessly grateful. John had found a kind of peace in the RAMC; a tremulous respite afforded to him by comrades who didn’t care much what gender you were, or weren’t. They didn’t even care he was a latent, though John still had fought every day to prove himself as good as any Formed gender, they accepted him as he was. And if anyone so much as batted a demeaning eyelash at John, or made a disparaging comment, they’d be taken behind the dusty tents and given a thorough talking to, usually with fists.
Sherlock studied John’s rather expressive face as it ran through the gamut of emotional reactions to the photos.
Murray moved forward to contain Irene Adler, who was screaming and inconsolable in her terror. Sherlock thought he heard words, maybe some pleading dripping from her duplicitous lips, but he paid her no attention. She was nothing to him.
The snuffling and shuffling noises of the people around his area grew gradually louder, and he could hear the crunch of gravel under the feet of the homeless that sheltered themselves under the crumbling, sooty bridge.  Time to get up properly, he supposed.
John whimpered beneath him, back undulating and hands clenching and unclenching in their abject pleasure – and Sherlock was vindicated. After all, the Omega teased him and made him work for this, now there was no mistaking his claim on John Watson. Sherlock owned his body, and he erupted with pride, and he would never mistreat it, he would live only to give his Omega pleasure.
The pillow against his cheek was abrasive and cold, like cheap cotton if one wasn't careful enough with the quality of one's bedclothes.
They nodded their understanding, and as John left the room, the rapid staccato of Mr. Holmes’ 125 beats per minute offered little comfort .
“My phone,” John blurted out suddenly, putting his hand inside his trousers and pulling out the iPhone Sherlock had gifted him, “you can already record my conversations, can’t you record everything else too?” He tried not to sound resentful, truly, but it might have snuck out just a little. The statement did have an undercurrent of bitterness Mycroft was almost certain to pick up on.
want?” Jim screwed up his face, brows crinkling together as if were a child and thinking very, very hard to find the answer to a difficult question. Then all at once he relaxed, as if – eureka – he’d found the solution. “I want what I’ve always wanted, Sherlock, peace and quiet, a house in the countryside, a puppy, and our little John by my side. It’d be so
He was only barely controlling his anger now, half of himself wanting to desperately bolt from the situation and the other half feeling the need to defend his usefulness.
. Always the martyr, John,” the Alpha’s face seemed to soften for a second, but John couldn’t be too sure, as it was gone in a moment, replaced by a coldness that was more appropriate for Sherlock, “the people you take care of out on the streets, they love you for it. You give them your pension, and keep little for yourself. I’m sure you tried to make a decent life when you were discharged; perhaps you even thought you could practice medicine again. But the social stigmas surrounding latent Omegas of your age, though anachronistic, still abound. I’m sure the Army supplied a place to stay…some horrid little one room bedsit or some such, but I can barely imagine a man such as yourself being satisfied with that kind of life. So when your bank account ran low, as I’m sure it did, what did you do? You went to the streets. You found others of your ilk, younger ones that needed protection and care more than what they could find at some shelter or public home. You care for others John, deeply, but you do not care for yourself. Not nearly enough. I drugged your tea because you were exhausted, overworked, underfed, and too proud to admit you needed help. I thought a good night’s rest would benefit you both in mind and body, I didn’t realize I’d get punched in the face for my troubles.”
Regardless, it was comfort, though not nearly as soft and cushiony as he would like. At this point, he’d sleep on top of a boulder so long as it didn’t try to get up and run away from him. A quick punch to his dingy pillow, and the Omega nestled in, praying sleep would come quickly. Just before he closed his eyes, he remembered to set an alarm on his iPhone for 6:50pm. That way, he could be awake and ready when the apex Alpha, Sherlock, decided to make his grand appearance and (hopefully) change his future for the better.
So I was going to do this once a week update thing but really, I will just post when a chapter is done. So there. This chapter was a beast, I am so long-winded.
“Most of it doesn’t look very important…maybe he was trying to take as many as possible? You know, kind of, grab as much info as he could? Maybe he was in a hurry. I seriously doubt that kind of place just left their records laying around for just anyone to see.” Satisfied that the DNA search was going well, she returned to scrutinizing the papers.
“Submit to me,” he snarled, fingernails scraping at the chipped paint of the table, eyes fully dark, breathing and heart-rate well above acceptable levels of excitement, “and I’ll be gentle.”
“John?” Sherlock stopped, turning around so suddenly it was all he could do not to spin face first into one very irritated and impatient Detective Inspector, “where’s John?”
…can we not do this here?!” John limped wearily up to them both, nudging his chin towards the dead body, which was in the midst of being collected and bagged to be taken to the Medical Examiner, probably St. Bart’s.
“I will answer all your questions in good time. Please sit, and calm down. I know you take your coffee with sugar and milk, enjoy.”
“Stop it, Molly. Stop…” he waved one long-fingered hand dramatically near her face, “stop mooning about.” Sherlock’s rumbling baritone admonished, grabbing her attention and ridding her almost instantly of impure (and horribly inappropriate) daydreams, “and please do your job. Need I remind you what’s at stake here?”
“Mr. Holmes, just try to fax in the information as soon as possible. I’ll phone you if anything changes.”
? John felt exhausted before, but this suddenly went beyond that. He felt as if his entire body had amassed an inordinate amount of weight, so much so that he could barely move. He did manage to swallow down the last dregs of his tea and stretch his legs a bit (with much effort) before attempting to place his cup down on the coffee table. He would have missed by a mile, dropping the porcelain cup upon the woollen rug, if Sherlock hadn’t been there to grab his wrist and gently wrest the cup from his grasp.
It seemed Dr. Barrymore would dissemble, like his bravado might crumble under the oily façade of pretentiousness, and he might even raise his heels to rest against the polished walnut of his desk, if it weren’t for the loud – very,
John straightened, a hint of his military training shining through his small form, “Mycroft…I’d like to speak to Sherlock alone, if you don’t mind.”
But now he knew he was wrong, dead wrong. His heart thumped frantically in his chest, splintering and cracking with every forceful rush of blood though its chambers.
Unlike those few tortuous days when he was kept prisoner, gasping and sweating in agonizing pain, the aftershocks of John’s metamorphosis came in slow and gradual waves. His dreams (always an unknown, considering John’s PTSD, among other things) were shadowed, nebulous, but filled with robust scents and primal urges; and the determined erections that greeted him upon waking were impossible to ignore.
“Your room is on the fifth floor,” she continued, moving towards the lift she had only just mentioned. It was a standard metal affair, painted another neutral colour with another no-doubt ridiculous name (weathered fossil, perhaps?). She pressed the button with one perfectly buffed fingernail glinting in the low light.
Without warning, John felt something sticky and thick upon his lips, a calloused finger ran its tip against the thin, sensitive tissue around Omega’s mouth; and he realized the man was anointing John with his own slick. He wanted John to taste himself.
He flipped through his contact list in his Mind Palace, each name a blur, whizzing past the multitudes before he came to a quite resolute blank. Cocking his head, he forced a smile that looked rather, well, forced, and moved towards the buffet.
And as the man bled, unconscious, sluggish and cherry bright (though John knew for sure was it was not a fatal head injury), from a minor cut on his side of his head, the Omega couldn’t help but grin, showing his teeth in a very triumphant and proud show of his strength.
Marcus never met John’s eyes anymore, he almost never touched John anymore either, which left the good doctor feeling saddened and little bereft. The Omega didn’t realize exactly how touch-starved one could get until their last vestige of human affection decided to push them away. Now, Marcus was only his shadow. He protected John, of course, but there was no scenting, no comforting hands on his arms, and definitely no hugging. John felt the loss of his friend’s affections as surely as if he felt the death of a beloved companion. Now there was no one to turn to when John woke shaking and shivering from a nightmare; no one to cling to on the rare occasion that he just wanted to be comforted and held. Once more John found himself as he was when he first came back from the war, alone; nothing more than a stoic lonely island, quiet and forgotten in the water of the frigid and windy North Sea.
Gently, he moved John’s arms to rest at his side and pulled his body forward at the waist, leaning down to grasp around the man’s torso and bring him forward, lifting him up and over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry. Sherlock realized, much to his dismay, that the Omega was incredibly underweight…something he should have to remedy before long, since he had use for the man and still hadn’t made up his mind whether it was worth it to keep him around or not.
– and while Sherlock had never gone so long without the urge for a hit, a bump, or a line, he missed the chemical bliss that allowed him to disconnect from the world and revel in the cold deductive reasoning he valued above all.
.” The man pleaded for a second time, almost close to begging. But John had made up his mind, no deal.
, you’re considered ‘at risk.’ Would you like one? It’ll only take a moment, no charge. You don’t have any allergies do you?”
“Hello Molly, I’m John, er, Dr. John Watson.” His smile was genuine as he took her hand, giving it a gentle shake. Her skin was soft; her bones fine and bird-like and John instantly wondered if she had a bloke.
A bellowing roar of fear and distress split the air as Marcus, cutting quite the intimidating figure, leapt towards the three men still standing. He held his hands out in front of him, fingers contracted in a claw-like threat. It was obvious that he was out for blood, and they’d be lucky if he stopped there.
“No luck?” prompted the Omega, who, after at least thirty minutes in the flat, was really beginning to crave a bit of tea, and a comfortable place to rest his hip.
“I don’t even know how to explain it. I have the utmost faith in our procedure. We’ve done this dozens of times and nothing like this has ever happened – at least not to my knowledge.” He unfolded the clump of papers on the desk, smoothing out the wrinkles with a practised hand. “We have had other complications of course, but nothing quite like this. I’m…at a loss.”
is going on here? What’s this about finding me in a ditch?” He raised his eyebrows, cocking his head to the side incredulously. Marcus, as always, did his best impression of a jumper wearing statue behind John.
Of course, at first, John had absolutely zero idea why Mycroft decided today was the day he'd darken John's proverbial doorstep (it being at least a fortnight since his younger brother’s successful procedure), that being said, he could hardly blame himself for his initial, rather frosty, reception.
He would have continued to do so; he would have fought till there was no energy or breath left in his body, if it hadn’t been for the cold tell-tale press of a gun muzzle against the back of his head.
“I’ll have to have words with my brother about interfering in my cases, he mucks everything up and then I have to clean up after him.” He pulled the current slide out of the microscope and replaced it with yet another, this one containing a brownish looking blob that could very well be anything.
“Of course I do, Sherlock. My God, of course – but Sarah, Julia and Brandy – I can’t just leave them. Marcus –” John’s voice wavered then and stuck in his throat, his saliva a little too thick. A hot rush of tears flooded his eyes, though he was able to keep them down, for now. He kept his breathing in check, which helped.
John tensed, delivering a perfectly aimed and quite powerful punch to the man’s abdomen, designed to wind and surprise his opponent.
The only good thing about this situation, he supposed, was the cash he would receive if he was accepted. There was no way in God’s green earth he was going to ingest any kind of medication given to him, so he wasn’t worried about any ill-effects. Maybe he could even save it up a bit and slowly crawl his way back to normalcy…well, maybe.
John felt like a teenager again, awkward, overwhelmed, tripping over himself and trying not to lean in and scent everything and everyone around him. It was if a whole area of his brain, previously dormant, had suddenly ignited, burning with an intensity that rivalled the nearest red supergiant.
Probably not, but prolonged contact with the vacant-faced drones of the Serenity Cottage just might – or the turkey curry, fifty-fifty chance really.
John winced as his Alpha raised his voice, his Adam’s apple spasming and chest heaving. But no, he would be strong and see this through.
“I didn’t realize it before. I – didn’t know…how this was done, how these things were done, I mean…I…,” Sherlock took a step forward, crowding John’s space, both hands cradled in leather lifted to rest at each of John’s biceps, “I’m sorry it took me so long to realise.”
He wanted to run in ‘guns blazing’ (as the Americans say) immediately, he wanted to call Mycroft and Lestrade and let them know if he didn’t return in an hour with John, then send in the Royal Army. But, he stayed his hand, and let the cool salve of logic soothe his manic brain. Instead, he quickly informed the powers that be of his new discovery. Unfortunately, this led to an intense surveillance detail that lasted nearly 24 hours.
St. Bart’s was largely unchanged from his time in medical school. Of course, there were updates, some new renovations, new hallways, new rooms and equipment – but essentially the layout was the same. So it took no great effort to find his way to the morgue, probably his least favourite area of them all, even as a doctor who was quite used to seeing dead bodies.
“Dr. Frankland calls them vertex Omegas. He always believed there was an Omega equivalent to the apex Alpha, and he was
The Beta raised his arm again to take aim at the brunet, but he was a little too slow and a little too late for the genius detective.
It wasn’t unusual for an Omega to project strong emotions, fear or happiness, but he’d never heard or read of an Omega’s pheromones subconsciously affecting a group of people to
“So, why did you do it then?” He regarded Sherlock from across the seat, deep oceanic eyes questioning.
Both Alphas had the presence of mind to look appropriately dumbfounded. Sherlock especially, his face contorted into an astonished expression that made John believe this man had never once had anyone say ‘No’ to him in his life.
Molly finally pulled away from her desk, stretching long and cat-like against the back of her chair. She yawned, wide and loud, blinking blearily before reaching over her desk and turning out her small but somehow horrifically bright desk lamp.
“I want you to feel safe here, Private Watson, am I clear?” His clear blue eyes were unquestioning in their demand for an answer.
are you. Though, I didn’t expect that to be your first question, so I’m not disappointed after all.”
“Um, yes, good evening, number 895...?” John flicked a self-conscious glance towards the two brothers, neither of which had moved.
We are probably within about 5 chapters or so of this fic being done and that kinda freaks me out! In a good way!
At first he hadn’t been sure…even when her face had been turned towards the camera he still wasn’t one hundred percent positive, but in his gut he knew it to be true - and with that dawning realization, came another, even more unsettling conclusion…
The mousy haired female licked her lips in frustration, crossing her arms and regarding the other man with a glare that could smoulder bones.
the patrons think?” He smiled brightly then, a little too brightly, his grin wide and sharp enough to sink through bones.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side then, eyes looking out into the misty London scenery, “although looking back now, I guess I should have expected it. You do have a temper and quite a tendency for violence.”
She tensed her perfectly lined lips, coloured blood red, and noticed Sebastian was trembling. The paper in his hand shook, ever so slightly, until he gently pressed it down on the desk in front of her.
The room was cluttered, but clean in a way that suggested everything was placed just so for an exact reason. Some of the shelves were quite dusty, but this Sherlock did not mind, as dust often spoke in elegant ways that people did not.
needlessly on the wooden floor below. He divested himself of his (torn and ruined) coat then as well. And each time he lost a bit of his armour, he took a step towards his Omega.
“Ah yes. I see. You have…we haven’t…been properly introduced.” John couldn’t quite be sure, but the man almost seemed…flustered? “Understandable, of course; someone like…you.”
John took the proffered items, quickly locating an uncomfortable looking plastic chair behind him. It didn’t take long to fill out the forms, as a doctor, he wasn’t unused to paperwork. It all seemed to be standard fare, familial history, medical history, and the like. Jeremy gave him a winning smile when he was done.
“Permission to speak freely, Sir?” His voice sounded stilted and strained in the small, drab office, and John wilted under Sholto’s unwavering scrutiny.
“Well, that’s done then. Tomorrow at two o’clock, anything else?” He raised a questioning glance to the brothers, who managed to look both relieved and ridiculously uptight at the same time.
by all of this new information. If this was true then…what did this mean about the history he’d learned back in school? What did this mean about the world he lived in? He’d never heard about these…these super-omegas (vertex?)…and he wasn’t entirely sure he could trust Irene at all. She seemed to be baring her soul to John, but…could he trust her.
The Omega, in his maddened, hormonal stupor, thought the voice should sound familiar. It was deep and low; rumbling and vibrating through the void with the pure strength of its will.
“We adopted her when she was ten. Sophie and I had been thinking of starting our own family for years, but you'd be surprised how the system favours Alphas and Omegas over Betas. It felt like it took forever. It was exhausting in every way possible – physically, emotionally, monetarily…”
Irene sighed dramatically, curving one delicate ankle over another, coal black heels (bearing strikingly red soles) making a stark contrast to the sterile whiteness of the room.
Mycroft Holmes was, by fortune of good breeding and education, a very patient man. Even though he occupied only a
This new mobile, however, was miles away from that. It was colorful, loud, and held a number of tiny, square little icons that John had no idea what to do with.
“Yes, Baskerville,” John spoke to Mycroft, who was busily booting up his computer, “very secretive Army base and all that. Very hush-hush, I suppose.” He looked at Molly, who was peering at the older Alpha with curiosity plainly written across her face, then back to Mycroft.
But they persevered, as lovers who are inexperienced but eager always do, and the sharp pain and muscular clench of outright penetration finally gave way to a warm and growing sense of pleasure John felt somewhere, deep down in his muscles. Sherlock whispered dangerous things, promises and affirmations that were absurdly romantic considering he was fucking John’s brains out and on the precipice of merging their lives in one glorious teeth-ripping moment of pain and brutality.
Sherlock resumed his most ardent thrusting, his knot scraping and teasing his Omega’s insides as they quivered and responded to the unending stimulation. Sherlock grasped John’s good shoulder and pulled him roughly from the sheet, wrapping his large hand around the front of his neck and whispering in his ear as he continued his forceful pounding.
John gazed upwards at the man as if spellbound. He took in the taller man’s visage, every errant curl, every gleam of his mercurial eyes, saving each and every visual memory like a Polaroid one could easily place in their back pocket for safekeeping. He did this because he didn’t want to lose this moment, although he knew, even as he wished desperately for the opposite, that it could not last.
Mycroft must have looked disquisitive, because Dr. Watson chose to elaborate on his previous statement. “Just think about it this way: too much of a good thing isn’t always best. I’ve known of one other Sentinel of Sherlock’s strength, possibly stronger, and he was barely sane…even on a good day.”
John sighed and began to feel more than a little grumpy. It had been a particularly trying day and he didn’t care to be left behind. He limped through the gathering crowd; most people ignored him or didn’t even care to acknowledge his existence. After all, he was a small man, non-descript, wearing nothing more than a dingy canvas jacket and dirty jeans. John couldn’t be more invisible if he actively tried.
It seemed they had used the badly timed interruption of Marcus’ appearance to get the upper hand after all.
Sebastian watched her leave with some satisfaction, before turning to the other two men, already standing and ready for orders.
rated E, right? There's also talk of a past suicide, so if that bothers anyone, you have been warned.
When John finally realized the tall lady cop was addressing him, crowding into his space and demanding he back off or identify himself; he had already shut down and gone into full emotionless army doctor mode (significantly different from the ‘Good Doctor’ moniker everyone was so keen to thrust upon him). This was not the same attitude he employed for patient visits or helping the wastrels under the bridge, this was a self-defense mechanism. This was for his own protection; when the injustices of life became too great and leaving himself raw and open to the tragedies of life was no longer an option.
“Yeah, dat’s de one.” Jimmy grimaced and squirmed on his stool, a tell-tale sound coming from his abdomen. John couldn’t tell if the man was suffering from hunger pangs or gas.
what I said, John! And she’s making me feel like I’m crazy! I said to myself ‘Julia, are you crazy?’ and then I answered ‘No Julia, you are not crazy!’ Your girlfriend really did give the man brandishing dead pictures of latent Omegas the name of his next victim, who also happens to be your damn
Afterwards, Sherlock and John approached Marcus’s family. They were sombre, and only spoke to each other in quiet, stilted conversation.
Oblivious to John’s morose thoughts, Sherlock strode into the hallway and down the stairs, long legs taking him down much faster than John’s ever could. The Omega considered asking him to wait, but he just sighed and limped down as fast as his bum hip would take him. He was lucky he didn’t slip and tumble to his death, although that was more than just a little bit tempting after the epiphany he had had upstairs in the kitchen. It would certainly end his misery; John had never been one to pine over an Alpha, after all. John had never been the kind to pine after
He chewed on these thoughts as he made his way to the eighth floor, following the same path he took only a couple days ago. In actuality, it all felt much longer than that; but he knew life tended to feel that way when one lived on the streets, oftentimes arduously slow and painful.
Both Alphas regarded the diminutive Omega with some concern. Sherlock stepped towards John, each movement well measured, his gaze bright and piercing. John recognized that look, even through the haze of headache and nausea; he knew what it was like to be mentally dissected by a Holmes.
“Alright, you great big ruddy German Shepherd let’s go.” With a playful swat, John gently pushed the man’s head away from the hollow of his neck and limped towards the scarred wooden door.
Sherlock immediately twirled away from the table with a dancer’s grace. In anyone else it would have looked affected, but with Sherlock, well, it looked completely natural.
"I…that is - you...John...," it was comical, really, the strange stop and start cadence to his reply. If the Omega didn't know better, he would say Sherlock was at a loss for words (improbable), or the unfortunate recipient of some kind of new speech impediment (again, highly unlikely).
“Yeah, got the idea from dogs, they did. You know, after they’d been neutered there wasn’t much left, just an empty sack,” He continued to caress the loose skin, absently rubbing John’s perineum with the meaty thumb of his left hand while he did, “Not really sure if it was just for show but…they found it certainly gave the dog something to
tell you? Judging by the angle of the gunshots I can most accurately estimate the height and distance of the shooter, and I can also tell you
He was now standing behind two imposing wooden doors, both of which contained a small window offering a glimpse of the other side. The plaque next to the entrance labelled it the King James Conference Room, and though he missed it before, a small piece of paper jammed in the slot underneath the bold lettering quite clearly stated ‘895’ in neat block handwriting. Relocated, huh?
Regaining consciousness was a laborious, and exquisitely painful, process. If it weren’t for the pulsing, pounding pain currently taking residence in the occipital region of his skull, he’d be certain he was already dead. When he did finally manage to open a puffy eye, he was met only with smoky darkness and shadows shifting and coalescing into a space he was wholly unfamiliar with.
He must have been a pathetic sight. Pale, exhausted (even still), tellingly thin – he didn’t miss the surprise and weighted look the two men shared before the taller one spoke.
“Yessir, Sir...I mean…Sir, yes Sir.” John stumbled over his words. Whatever he was expecting from Major Sholto, this was certainly not it. He felt a rush of adrenaline course through his body, blood rushing through his arms and hands, making his nerve endings tingle and vibrate. Once again, his gaze dropped down to the man’s mouth…his perfect, perfectly shaped mouth.
She scowled and slammed the wooden drawer (now positively brimming with perfectly matched socks) closed in a move that rattled the large and precariously perched mirror affixed to the adjoining wall in the hopes that the noise would startle the young man awake. It did no such thing.
,” he spat, straightening, feeling all the strength in his body redistribute to his core in a tell-tale flight or fight response. He glanced quickly at one of the dark, bubble-like projections in the ceiling, knowing full well it was a camera and someone had seen him take out his personal sentry.
John placed a palm on his forehead, closing his eyes tightly and breathing in to calm his nerves and his stomach. The paracetamol had finally kicked in, and the overwhelming aches and pain he’d lived with the past few days were subsiding, but only just.  He caught a brief flash of his own reflection as he hobbled his way to the lift bay, and he had to admit it, good god he looked
“Alright then,” John’s left hand twitched at his side, clenching and releasing in an unconscious motion he found difficult to control, “and if I am to call you Sherlock, you can just call me John then, yeah?” He proffered a small smile, jutting his chin forward, just daring Sherlock to refuse.
recover from. “I appreciate the thought, alright. Just leave them by the door and I’ll get them in a moment.”
The Omega thinned his lips and reached into his denims, pulling out his mobile and tossing it to the other man, “You can test it if you like. I swear to you Mycroft, it was transmitting the entire time, I made sure to check. If there is any fault involved, it
John cleared his throat, eyes stinging in a sudden rush of emotion. Marcus looked well, he looked rested and handsome. His shaggy hair was tamed and brushed back, and he cut quite the noble figure in the suit Mycroft had specially made for him. John wanted to run a hand across his brow, like some sort of too late comfort, but instead he pulled his chin down into his chest and squeezed his eyes closed.
“Come on, that’s nonsense, you’re just making things up now!” Anderson’s eyebrows slid upward on his sallow face, giving the impression of a very surprised and very hawkish river rat. Donovan snickered behind her radio while Lestrade shrugged and stuffed one hand in his soggy trench coat.
“Maybe the pellets will offer some kind of clue…the answers are generally in the medication after all.” The Alpha grasped his marble mortar and pestle, a tool that looked to have been used many, many times, and began to slowly grind the pink spheres into a very fine dust.
“It’s not a trick, which you’d realize if you’d for once open your eyes and observe the world around you. Look,” Sherlock ran his gaze back over the body, stepping towards the lifeless man, “look at how he fell, legs twisted and arm out to the side. That alone should give you a clue as to how he died. Look at the bag and how
The man cried out again as John continued to hold his neck back painfully. Eventually, he managed to gulp in a few stuttered breaths of air, working his mouth noiselessly until he found his words.
“It’s alright,” James’ voice ran over him in waves (coming down and catching his breath), simultaneously amused and exhausted, “I’ve got extra linens stashed in the next room.”
Slowly, Sherlock made his way up the stairs to the extra bedroom in the attic. It was warmer up there than in the rest of the flat, and John would be much more comfortable resting there, than in Sherlock’s own bedroom; and he did so need the rest.
John had seen so many times. It was the same face that convinced him to go ahead with the treatment before it was properly tested, before any of them knew the actual
“Look mate,” the silvery haired Beta gripped a radio in one hand, waving it in an arc to get Sherlock’s full attention, “this is not the best place for you to be right now. We’ve got this in hand Sherlock, but I’m afraid that I have to ask you to leave.”
. He’d seen smashed pieces of chewing gum half-stuck to the ground with trainer tread still embedded on its surface that looked better than him right now.
A sudden, dense wave of calming pheromones assaulted the Omega, and John felt a large, cool hand place itself on the back his clammy neck. The hand pushed his head forward gently, ever so slightly coaxing the blond to bend forward and place his dampened head between his knees.
Lestrade and the others fell into hushed whispers and short, angry looks rife with impatience and disbelief. It seemed Donovan and Anderson were arguing a point with their DI, and losing.
“My brother and I haven’t been able to glean much more than that, though he is working it at a different angle than I. Needless to say, we’ve had few breakthroughs in our own investigations, and I am currently trying to find someone on the inside…someone I can work with who has access to the study and it’s facility.”
“We can be together, you and I. The perfect pair – we could be…partners in crime, so to speak. Oh, the things we could do! Just use your imagination, John. We could have everything we’ve ever wanted!” She stepped toward him, excitement overruling her distress, her hands clutching the tissue till her knuckles blanched.
Then John swept Sherlock’s feet out from underneath him in a viciously unfair movement that’d been trained into him since his Army days. Sherlock, comically surprised and taken completely unaware, fell down on his knees
With a pleading look from his Alpha, John nodded and straightened his shoulders. He breathed in to a count of five and then out to a count of the same. It was the only thing he could think of, a tried and true way to get a hold of himself. It had always worked before, and today was no exception.
“I know what he means to you, brother. But I also know that these are ruthless people that have killed many, and I will not put my own blood in danger unless I know for sure we are headed in the right direction,” his voice raised in pitch, ever so slightly, “shout at me all you want, Sherlock, but rest assured that when the time is right, we will strike. You will get your John.”
The Omega squeezed Sherlock’s collar between his fists, knuckles blanched white with the force of his grip,
She glanced down, chastised, though Mycroft had not raised his voice or openly admonished her in any way.
Sherlock placed the bottle down on the table next to the file; then eagerly flipped through the pages inside the manila folder, showing the lab results Molly had just been describing. He absorbed the information quickly, eyes flitting back and forth over number, charts, acceptable parameters, and the like.
A gout of hot blood gushed over the back of his head, soaking John’s dirty blonde hair in thick, rusty streaks. The pressure around his neck subsided and John swung around quickly, though somewhat dazed by the pain in own skull, and landed a rather grueling punch directly to the man’s jawline. This time, with his face covered in blood and mucous, the man fell to the ground like a stone. John observed him for a few seconds as he lay, unmoving.
It was glorious in a way that surprised the latent Omega, much like the way a child is surprised when realizing a new vegetable is not nearly as disgusting to taste as it looks.
“Fuck you!” John spat, continuing to back away, hoping like hell he’d be able to find himself a way out this alive. A low roll of thunder accentuated his verbal abuse, heralding another wave of rain.
He gasped a few times, trying to catch his breath, bending forward and resting his hands on his knees. The rush of adrenaline had ebbed but was not completely metabolized yet, not that it would have mattered. The encounter seemed to be over and John huffed out a high-pitched crazed sounding laugh, feeling more alive than he had in years.  He managed to escape the entire fight with nothing more than some compression bruises around his neck and a familiar, if not incredibly painful, ache in his shoulder due to abrupt combat.
Irene knew Dr. Frankland fancied himself as some kind of mad doctor geneticist, she also knew he planned to use John for his own gain…show him off to the world and possibly win the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
She dissolved in a fit of tears, covering her face with trembling hands, nails as red as her blouse.
John ran his gaze over the small room, his sight coming to rest on the metal desk and the picture frame displaying James and a widely smiling brunette female (not Emily then). He knew James was married when this all started, and he knew he should’ve taken the high road and nipped this all in the bud when he found out. But, the truth of the matter was, he loved James (he was almost certain he did, anyway), though he was fairly positive he would
On the day of his appointment he felt like death warmed over, and though he tried to appear as healthy (though thin) as possible, he couldn’t hide the sallowness in his cheeks and red, glassy eyes.
Sherlock waved a hand behind him dismissively, putting her out of his mind and face-planting, quite ignominiously, onto his bed. He let out an uncomfortable ‘“Oof!” as he landed on the hard and unforgiving mattress, the lack of bounce-back somehow prophetic. What the
“And that is what continues for the next one hour and thirty-five minutes.” He folded his laptop shut with a loud crack.
Originally, it was his parents that decided he not be Formed. John grew up desperately poor with working-class parents that were just as happy to drink away their earnings than to put anything aside for the well-being of their children. His sister, Harriet, she had it a little easier.  She was born naturally a Formed Alpha, and lucky for her too. As a teenager she was willful, disobedient, and didn’t give a good god-damn what people thought. Her height and extra muscle mass worked in her favor, as she was constantly getting into fights, both verbal and physical. That is, until she found Clara, a naturally Formed Omega who came from a well enough to do family that didn’t seem to mind Harry’s rough-around-the-edges attitude; as long as they were able to provide offspring. Just goes to show how people will forgive almost anything as long as you are able to fulfill your ‘reproductive duty.’ What nonsense.
sorry,” though in reality the voice that cut through the haze sounded leagues away from contrite, “but
“Let me see your identification.” Mr. Morstan (John could only assume it was him) held out an expectant hand, palm up, motioning towards John.
That last sarcastic remark was punctuated by a fair bit of crackling over Lestrade’s radio that quickly gave way to the voice of one Mycroft Holmes, issuing the command to begin operations.
“Why not?” The blond tried to stand tall and proud, he may not be the fittest specimen out of them all, but he was no slouch. If his heart was still beating, he could answer the call, “Sherlock already said they target the homeless,” he faltered a bit at that, realizing he had just confirmed his vagrancy to a DI no less, but continued on bravely, “plus I’m a male latent Omega of the right age. I could go in, do what I can. I’m not stupid. I’m a doctor…they won’t be able to pull anything over on me. I wouldn’t let them.”
Alrighty folks, here it is! a little bit of a set-up for the next few chappies! Not beta'd or britpicked. Let me know if I get anything wrong!
He inhaled sharply, raising his hand parallel to the floor, watching it tremble. He watched as the fat droplet of blood grew too heavy and fell, branding the floor with a splash of colour amongst a sea of beige and dirty grout. Absently, he spread his thumb through the droplet, smearing the blood in an arc, watching as the line thinned and faded to a fetching pinkish stain towards the end.
Lilliana stopped crying with a short hiccup, Sarah breathing a sigh through a sob, and Marcus’s mother offered her husband a watery smile.
That woman: hair loss, most likely alopecia, chronic alopecia as evidenced by the tattooed eyebrows and slight discoloration around the edge of her hairline where her lace-front wig blended in with her skin tone, no eyelashes, no hair on the arms, not likely to be chemotherapy and less likely to go to such lengths as tattooing when hair will generally regrow within a few weeks of chemo cessation, there,
“…and the nausea and abdominal pain has been present since, when?” John glanced across the rickety folding table to the pale and frail looking Omega sat on the stool opposite.
“Don’t worry, Watson. You’ll like it; I promise. I haven’t gotten any complaints so far anyway. I mean, who knows? We could even make it a regular thing.” He motioned to the other two who sprang forward quicker than John though possible, each grabbing one arm painfully, before the small boy could even react.
“An almost extinct species, Mr. Watson,” she replied, removing a tissue from her desk to dab daintily at her cheeks, “I don’t know if you’ve heard the tales of the Omega leaders of the past: Cleopatra, Boadicea, Alexander the Great, and even King Arthur…if you believe in such things. These were powerful Omegas, brutal, born and bred to be rulers. I know all of this may sound like nonsense to you now, in this day and age, but there are scholars who believe that some of the most influential persons in history were these types of Omegas.”
Disclaimer: Again, not my characters. I make no money from this. I just like to watch them suffer!! BWUAHAHAAAA!
“What? Oh…oh yeah. I just...I’m fine, yeah?” He forced a wan smile on his pale face, but stood and took in Sherlock’s readiness to leave, outerwear in place et al.
“I’ll do it.” His voice was quiet, yet firm. As a former soldier, and a doctor, he could no longer straddle the grey are between the greater good and what was only good for John Watson. What was is that Sherlock said in the cab?
well trained in combat - I have a black belt in Baritsu, as you well know,” the Alpha paused, he didn’t recall being present for this so-called conversation with his brother and Lestrade, “you really do everything my brother tells you, don’t you?”
The Omega resisted the temptation to pound his head over and over onto the table, if only to prevent bits of glass and fragile slides from embedding themselves into his forehead. God, he sounded so desperate. He was a fool. He was making a total fool of himself and he should just leave now and save himself the humiliation. He wasn’t sure he could handle the almost certain rejection from this beautiful creature that was tiers above him in social status; genetic elitism notwithstanding.
“Sally, wait, wait!” He pleaded as she stood, prepared to storm away in righteous anger. “Tell me who it was, tell me what happened.”
“My senses are extremely acute; it’s part of my particular genetic expression and who I am as an apex Alpha. It’s clear your nose is not nearly as sensitive as mine. I can smell his arousal, whereas you cannot...simple as that. He may not have been in control, as you seem so keen to mention, but I believe he knew exactly what he was doing. We know our own minds.” He glanced down at the man again and snorted. “Plus his arousal hasn’t completely waned as of yet.”
under the bridge or huddled away outside in the damp London air. His blurred vision did nothing to answer any of his questions either, since he was still somewhat blinded by the incandescent glare of the lights, and any movement (not matter how feeble) of his head only triggered a searing shock of pain at his temples.
She sat on the vinyl stool and motioned for John’s arm, wrapping a bright orange tourniquet around his bicep when it was offered. John didn’t have much in the way of fat (or muscle for that matter) right now, and his veins popped up instantly under the pressure. Lurid bluish streaks lined his arms, looking bizarre and strangely inhuman under the fluorescent light.
It seemed like a lifetime, in fact one hour and forty-five minutes, before John gazed upon the familiar under arches of the bridge again. At this point his hip burned, an agonizing pain John had not felt since his time at physiotherapy. It had been months since he had exercised his body to this extreme, but it wasn’t like he had a choice in the matter. He needed to get back to the bridge and he certainly couldn’t stay with the Holmes’; that kind of torture should only be reserved for terrorists and people convicted of animal cruelty.
Sherlock took both his large hands and grabbed John by the hips, ruthlessly pulling the man’s ass further into the air and forcing his head down, John’s lower back arching to an obscene degree. John cried weakly into the linens, his cock bouncing against the expensive sheets in a short pulse of maddening sensation.
“Um,” another uncomfortable glance at the Holmes’, though his status was no secret, he just plainly didn’t like talking about it, “Unformed.”
against the floor, turning his head away from the noise. The tiny percussive footsteps echoed in his head, become louder and louder in turns.
“I’ll be late for my appointment. Excuse me.” He simply could not do this right now, and he didn’t raise his eyes to meet the taller man’s gaze.
With an impatiently exhaled puff of air, the man rolled his eyes to the side and grimaced. “Really, what does it say about the state of Universities nowadays that they graduate
He watched the Omega and the Alpha, watched them dance; he watched them crash, and he watched John burn.
“Yes, yes of course Mr. Holmes, he will be right as rain soon, you’ll see.” Dr. Barrymore grabbed Mycroft’s hands, unsolicited, and gave them a few uncouth pumps before manhandling him towards the door.
She passed the specimen to Sherlock, who handled it with unusual care. It was fascinating. The tawny-coloured clump of tissue bobbed and swayed, suspended in the liquid as the brunet turned the container to and fro.
It must have shown on his face, though normally he would be much more careful with his features (everyone always said his face was so expressive), but the abrupt blankness and slowly dawning look of alarm must have tipped them off. John didn’t have much of a plan except
“Begin?” John tilted his head curiously, not even a little bit concerned when Sherlock took his own, much smaller, hand in his.
He moved across the rug silently, sliding the glass doorway from the living area to the kitchen aside so he could follow this disembodied voice, this ‘John.’
Well, he supposed that made sense. Considering this place was costing Mycroft an obscene amount of money, he wouldn’t put it past them to want to impress.
Sherlock continued to lick long and hard and thorough against the bond mark, infusing his saliva and marking John as his own.
” John could feel Ed’s hardness against his arse, and hot, bitter tears stung his eyes. His breath caught in his throat, catching as a desperate sob.  “You know it doesn’t have to be this way…why don’t you just calm down and let it happen. You want this.” Edward rubbed his hands up under John’s jumper, tugging on the crisp white shirt underneath. John managed another panicked buck, which only managed to inflame the larger boy even more.  His hands gripped at John’s sides painfully, clenching at his ribs with bruising force.
Sherlock turned round, catching a fleeting glance as Johnson (already having delivered his luggage to his room, no doubt) exited the main entrance and drove off in the sleek, black sedan, before turning his most piercing, most purposefully unsettling gaze upon Mrs Whitney.
After John failed to answer his question (John himself being somewhat stricken and battling with an internal array of emotions Sherlock might never understand), the Alpha took his silence as a ‘Yes,’ and quickly strode from the kitchen to seize his Belstaff. He donned the heavy coat with appropriate grandeur, pulled his gloves on one long finger at a time, pocketed his mobile and then finally turned his attention to the suddenly reserved Omega.
The woman who’d addressed him offered a closed mouthed smile, stretching her full lips, cautious in manner and closed in her body language. The smile held neither mirth nor genuine pleasure, but what it did convey was a certain kind of curiosity of which Sherlock was very familiar. She was rather tall, well-built, and held herself in a defensive stance that made Sherlock think twice about blowing her off completely. She looked him up and down, apparently unimpressed, and tucked a lock of tightly curled hair behind one ear.
“As I was saying before, there were some unusual results in his lab tests, but first…the autopsy.” She placed the folder on an adjacent table and pulled the heavy white sheet away from the body, revealing his mangled face and the large ‘Y’ incision indicative of all autopsies. Further down, the large gash in his lower abdomen had been cleaned and carefully stitched together. It was clear there wasn’t much they could do for the poor boy’s face.
The Sentinel whirled towards the voice, feeling the edges of his coat flap around his calves. He saw no one, and, funny, he hadn’t noticed he was wearing his coat.
In one ridiculously graceful motion, Sherlock easily ignored John’s question, straightened his knees and took in both of the Omegas, focusing sharply on Sarah, who looked almost as tongue-tied and star-struck as Marcus did right now. John watched as her expression changed from curious, to amazed, and then openly appreciative of the male Alpha before her. A burst of Omega pheromones hurtled through the autumn air, subconscious probably, and Sarah slowly smiled at Sherlock, tucking an errant lock of hair behind her ear. It was almost like watching a child lay eyes on their first Christmas tree, lit up with fairy lights and heavy with presents. Sarah appeared so enrapt, that John fidgeted nervously and elbowed her in the ribs as he cleared his throat.
“Ah well, I’ll just call you John then,” Sherlock grasped his gloved hands behind his back and offered John a wavering, albeit forced looking, smile. He appeared to have something on his mind, although the Omega imagined one could count the grains of sand in all the beaches of Cornwall and not even come close to the amount of thoughts that raced through the Alpha’s head at any given time.
It was probably because of this, their mutual passion and almost strangling affection for each other, that neither one of them heard the low voices outside of John’s door. Nor did they see that door open, admitting a rather scruffy Detective Inspector who started violently, throwing a hand up to his face and shielding his eyes in outright alarm.
And John fell asleep not long after to the feeling of his beloved’s sensuous tongue, licking and fondling his bite mark, sending shocks of pleasure down his spine, and completely convinced of the notion that although Irene never mentioned bonding was possible, it most certainly was.
“It’s nothing,” John said with finality, pulling the drooping bit of knitted jumper back up over his shoulder. “Go ahead and take all that upstairs please Marcus, Julia managed to clean out most of the rooms. You can pick one for yourself; I’ll pick one for my own later.”
Dr. Barrymore risked a glance to the taller man and met nothing but an expression of thunderous rage. “And who
a Pathologist. But I do work with Sherlock when he needs me, which is quite nearly always…I mean not always, but sometimes, with the post-mortems and the p-pathology…” She stammered to an uncomfortable end there, apparently quite mortified at her own botched introduction. Molly seemed to mean well, but tripped over her own words and actions quite easily. It really was quite endearing.
With another muffled (though sufficiently explicit) curse, he slammed his hand down on a small blue button marked ‘silent alarm’ and immediately the lights began to flash, strobing bright and piercing against their reflective surfaces.
The blond lifted their clasped hands and brought his lips to the back of James’ hand. He kept them there, soft, soothing, merely brushing his back and forth in a whisper of a kiss.
Sherlock glanced away then, a little bereft. But the look was fleeting, and he was back into full frantic rapid deduction pace faster than John could even realize what had happened.
“Excuse me?” He eventually turned his gaze towards the woman with the aggressive attitude and comically large teeth. Her Alpha pheromones practically knocked him sideways as she gave him a long, rather unappreciative, look up and down his small frame.
This prompted a sigh from John, so much for supporting your rescuer. Oh well, more for him. It had been awhile since John had been involved in a proper tussle, and the muscles in his arms and legs tensed involuntarily, readying the fight response.
He cleared his throat, managing a watery smile and tried to catch the attention of the other man, who was currently preparing yet more slides with a new aqueous solution containing the previously pink pellets.
He groaned, running his hands through his hair, mussing the curls and certain that this torture would be the end of him. Sherlock crossed the small room in a huff, peering out of the small, utilitarian window that allowed him a beautiful (of sorts) view of the rest of Serenity Cottage and its accompanying grounds. A row of laurels ran just away from the building, and several gardens, thick with blossoms, ran in tidy squares adjacent to the building. Just over the top of a small, rolling hill, he spied another building, older, and less well-kept than the one in which he stayed.
John couldn’t imagine what this would be like for another Omega, if this is what Irene meant about controlling his own heats. He barely felt in control at all, it was all he could do not to undress now and fly into Sherlock’s room, rub himself all over his bed and leave his spunk in sticky, pearly pools upon the Egyptian cotton sheets – just his way of saying ‘This bed, and the man who sleeps upon it, are the property of John Watson.’
It only took a half second for John to engulf the man’s finger in his hot, supple mouth. He slid all the way down to the third knuckle, swirling his tongue around the pad at the tip, tasting and drinking his own sweet excretions.  The man behind him groaned deeply, an incautious and dangerous sound that drove through John’s chest in long, slow wavelengths. He tasted like honey,
They had just rounded a corridor that looked very much like the last five or so they’d already cleared when a gunshot, clear and sharp, echoed through the compound.
John fidgeted in the entranceway as Sherlock stared at him, unblinking, for what seemed like a ridiculously long time, saying not a word.  Several moments passed and John unconsciously licked his lips. Had he done, or said, something wrong?
Wilkes moved his hand down slowly - a soft, tortuous slide of his fingertips - as he squeezed and prodded at the semi-turgid flesh. He fondled the loosened skin around the base of the Omega’s shaft that would have housed testicles, if he had any. The scrotal sack was merely vestigial now, as his ovaries were, of course, housed in his lower abdomen.
He ogled the changes as he stepped through the strange threshold, eyes wide and mouth ever so slightly agape.
John glared at his manhood with great prejudice, though it was bent and trapped beneath his jeans, the Omega could see the splotch of darkened denim that heralded his leaking pre-ejaculate. Just another couple minutes in that ridiculous dream, and he would have come in his pants like a sex-starved sixth former. Though, he thought ruefully, sex-starved wouldn’t be far from the truth.  God, he had to pull himself together.
The apex Alpha exhaled loudly; rolling his eyes and jumping up from the chair that he had just settled in only a moment ago. Was there no end to this man’s energy? Just watching the brunet begin to pace back and forth made John feel even more exhausted, and he stifled a yawn against his shoulder.
Sherlock spun around the street frantically, hands gripping the sides of his head as if his skull would split and the whole of his psyche would dribble out in clumps of electricity and brain matter. John’s voice was inside his head, inside his Mind Palace, always there now, always, always, alwaysalways alwaysalways alwaysalways alwaysalways -
“Go ahead and finish getting dressed, you can go and see Dr. Adler now. She’s just down the hall, third door on the right.”
“You and I have something in common, you see, and I want to make sure you know the rules.” Moriarty jammed his hands inside his pockets, the sides of his mouth turning down in an effigy of great concern. He kicked at nothing, shoe shining, sauntering towards the edge of the smoking water. “He is
it would stop. He stifled his groans, clenching his teeth and allowing only a small and somewhat pitiful whine to escape his lips. John’s eyes prickled as tears welled on their glassy surfaces – he couldn’t remember the last time he’d managed to suffer so much.
This far away from the base, the road (if you could call it that) was pock-marked with divots and holes left by past IEDs, inclement weather, and general wear and tear. John scowled and tightened the chinstrap on his helmet, feeling the slick slide of sweat creeping across his brow and dampening the camouflaged fabric. He spared a glance at the smallish crew of young men behind him, solemn and grim-faced as they too were forced to bounce around the cabin of the vehicle on the less than stellar roadway.
Meanwhile, the halls echoed with sound, merging with the percussive blasts and deafening outbursts of their enemy. The ground and doors vibrated with the strength of the explosions and the wailings of the dead and dying.
Sherlock felt like a child, chafing against his finest new school-clothes. It was true that stimulus from the outside world was no longer outright
He exhaled in a huff, one fist gripping the fabric of his coat, wildly agitated, “Molly, save your fruitless questions and platitudes, it’s neither warranted nor welcome and will do nothing to ingratiate yourself any further in my esteem. What do you want? Do make it quick!” He didn’t have time for her nonsensical prattling.
’s feeling your emotions. Look, just – come with me.” He pulled John by his hand towards the doors, opening one side to show the cemetery proper and the group of sobbing funeralgoers.
Turning his attention back to Jeremy, John suddenly realised how cold it was inside this new room. Well, colder than the lobby anyway and, when Jeremy turned on the lights, filled with rows upon rows of painted metal filing cabinets. There were unmatched chairs placed around a small folding lino table in the centre, and John raised both his eyebrows, bemused.
, this was like every library he had ever visited, every spice infused tobacco stall he ever passed in Camden Town. It was the smell of campfires and wood smoke; an acrid but comforting sensation on the back of John’s tongue (an Alpha scent, though John couldn’t say how he knew).
When Sherlock showed her the hastily printed military mugshot of Sebastian Moran, she recognized him immediately.
He filed that thought away, deep down where it could nestle in his subconscious and probably find a way to plague him later in the most emotionally compromising way possible, his dreams.  He did a lot of that lately, ignore his most melancholic thoughts, only to have them wriggle their way back to the forefront when he least expected. It was a terrible defence mechanism, as his ex-therapist would say (poor Ella, she did what she could), but right now it was all he had.
Sherlock ran a frantic hand through his curls, gripping and pulling the wayward strands with a frustrated energy. He didn’t seem to realize his sable locks already stood out in dramatic disarray; and Molly mused whether he was purposefully doing an historically accurate Einstein impersonation, or had quite inadvertently electrocuted himself sometime within the last fifteen minutes.
The feel of the Alpha’s tongue, slick and seeking, sent shockwaves directly to his neglected prick, which twitched in earnest but couldn’t quite follow through.
He actively stifled his cries, the sobs that broke above the stoic surface as they often did when he dreamed of the Army, of Afghanistan. But there wasn't anything to do, there wasn't anything to be
Their wee little Christmas party included himself, John, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, Bill Murray, and (a rather cleaned up and quite fetching, if one went for that sort of thing) Sarah Sawyer.
Sherlock drove deeper and deeper into John, grunting and groaning in a way that made John’s heart sing. The Omega was awash in carnal sensation, the movement, the friction, the spot that Sherlock managed to tease when he was deep, deep inside John that made him cry out in ecstasy. How could there be anything more than this? More than two bodies connecting in an ancient way to bring pleasure and life unto this world. This is what they were made for, right? This is what life was all about.
“Oh good, you’re awake.” A deep, sonorous voice cut through the darkness, accompanied by the switch of a bed-lamp not far from where John lay. He winced as the light blinded him for a moment, the movement making his face and lips tremble with sharp slices of pain.
“Not technically minded are we?” A smile lit upon the apex Alpha’s lips, as if this were all some amusing joke at John’s expense, “Well fear not good doctor, I’m sure I can find the manual back at my flat, if you are amenable.”
“Oh Jesus,” John burst out, blinking the sweat away from his eyes with impatience, “stop talking and bloody fuck me already! I can’t
A very pregnant Omega female followed the Beta inside and quickly closed the door, making sure the lock clicked in place before turning to John, her face nervous and worrying. “I’m sorry John.”
The Alpha continued to gaze down at John, saying nothing, his piercing eyes moving minutely back and forth, reminding John of a very mild form of nystagmus. Then suddenly, his entire body twitched and he turned about in a half circle, picking up several bulky items. “Yes! Yes. Washing…I have some items for you I think you would need in your situation. I tend to keep myself rather clean shaven so I don’t have the required instruments to appropriately tackle that amount of…growth, on your face so…” Sherlock thrust an expensive looking shaving kit encased in a supple leather pouch through the slim opening in the door.
“Fine.” He flipped it around a few times, trying the electronic lock. The small LED light beamed green as he swiped it, the sound of the door unlocking was not unlike the sound of a jail cell.
The apex Alpha was displeased. Not only had Anderson managed to botch up yet another straightforward case, but he’d had to suffer through another tedious meeting with one very starry-eyed DI Dimmock who’d repeated his offer of ‘assistance’ as if Sherlock needed another slobbering Omega at his side.
He rounded the corner, blinking his tired eyes a few times, following the glow from the streetlamps into another small room whose windows faced the street. He had chosen this space as his own not long after they moved in. Sarah’s room was across the hall, and Raz crashed downstairs when the he found himself needing a safe place for the night.
The man previously holding Raz quickly dove into John’s space and swung his arm in a widely telegraphed attempt at an assault to John’s abdomen. The Omega twisted and avoided the attack easily (one didn’t go through basic training without learning a bit of grappling, after all), slamming both his hands, clasped together, viciously against his upper back in a bone-crushing thump as the man stumbled past him, trying momentarily to regain his balance, and his breath, after the failed attack. Ciggie man wasted no time in joining the fray. Taking advantage of John’s distraction due to his comrade’s screeching wail of pain and incapacitation, the other man silently maneuvered behind Jon; placing both of his mammoth forearms cross-wise across his neck in a punishing stranglehold. It didn’t take long before the Omega began to see dark fuzzy motes dance across his vision, and he counted about 45 seconds or less before he lost consciousness. His face contorted into a grimace; lips peeling away, emitting a gurgling groan.
Molly had eventually meandered over to the stack of papers left by Lestrade. She flattened her small hand against the slightly rolled pages, taking in various snippets and bits of information. Lestrade mentioned these had been taken from John’s mobile, which was surprising because they looked to be of decent quality.
“It will be completed soon,” she assured, laying a gentling touch against the starched knit of his lab coat, “I will know it and he will know it. They will be able to smell it, all of the others.”
John stumbled through the threshold, letting his sweaty palm linger on the peeling metal handle of the front door. The bungalow was blessedly silent, the only noise coming from the early evening wind as it slipped through the second story eaves. He knew, vaguely in the back of his mind, that Marcus was probably home, as well as some of the girls. Honestly, he hoped they wouldn’t bother him too much; he had his heart set on a quick kip before Sherlock arrived - just a little mental preparation and reinforcement before they had ‘the talk.’
After that, it was only the work of a second to disarm the witless idiot, who thrashed and gasped in shock as John gripped his gun with a practised hand and swung it round hard on the side of his head.
He advanced on the small group, his face twisted in sheer animosity, his hammy fists clenched dangerously at his side.
“Good, thank you John, I’ll see you in a few days.” And with that dismissal, she sat down on her richly upholstered chair and busied herself with what looked like mounds of charts. John didn’t hesitate to let himself out.
Sherlock knew he’d never been here before, and it wasn’t just because the vivid lines dissecting the tiling glowed a shade of crimson never seen by the human eye (too bright, too cruel), nor was it the nebulous criss-crossing of low light reflecting upon the viscous waves of disturbed water – no, it was the
John froze in his chair, a wash of cool adrenaline forcing its way through his system before he willfully forced his heart to calm its frantic beating. He swallowed his mouthful of unsweetened tea and placed the cup down gently, unable to make eye contact with his Alpha.
It was time for John to take his leave as well. He had to get back to the bungalow and inform everyone he was still alive. John worked his stiffening body out of the well-worn chair, looking about the room for his coat.
The study appears more and more nefarious, Mycroft is Mycroft, Molly is lovely, and Sherlock has emotions.
bad...but we have performed dozens of procedures since then and there have been no indications of this type of thing happening again. I can only hope it was a one off, a-an aberration.”
“Do-do you think so?” Sherlock questioned, looking for once like he wasn’t entirely sure what to think. The man’s haughty countenance wavered, replaced with an endearing but hesitant innocence that seemed equally as happy with John’s statement as he was to find a lolly in his pocket.
The blond forced himself to relax, unconsciously swiping his tongue to wet his lower lip. After the initial surprise of finding out he was quite trapped in this room, he rolled his head on his slim shoulders and willed himself to relax. This could all be…just some big mistake. Jeremy mentioned this room was usually locked, maybe it locked automatically…from the outside?
“Now, that’s not very nice,” the man with the Taser shot forward, diving at John’s legs as he did so. He fell laughably short, and John, sensing an advantage, kicked him savagely in the gut before he was able to roll onto his back.
“Okay, the pamphlet.” John pulled it back out from his pyjama pocket and finally unfolded the ruined paper. The edges were soft and stains littered the surface, but the printing was still quite clear.
Just then, the door to the tiny bungalow burst open, swinging back on its hinges to smack furiously against the dingy wall.  To say John was ‘startled’ would have been an understatement. He managed to get his arms halfway up into a defensive stance before he realized exactly who was behind the sudden flurry of movement into the space.
Finally, Sherlock’s carefully controlled façade cracked. He raised his hands to the side of his head, fists clenched in his hair, face twisted in frustration and something else John couldn’t quite recognize.
Sherlock surveyed her with a narrow gaze, moving the glossies to show various snapshots of several of the crime scene and their accompanying tyre tracks.
“No. No…that’s not what I said Marcus…it’s fine if you want chocolate, it’s also fine if you want some sweeties. Just don’t make that your or our entire
Dimly, he was aware that the man was speaking to him, but at that point his vision began to fade. It left him slowly, clouding over the back of his mind in a kind of osmotic process, leaving only a refreshing darkness that envelopied the small Omega in a blanket of painless unconsciousness.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, flashing John a look of unsteadiness not often seen on his handsome face. The people milling about the concrete courtyard of the Centre began to take notice of the two, probably wondering what on Earth these two men could possibly be arguing about (and why they couldn’t take it somewhere
It was only a few more meters to his regular spot, a dry bit of land protected by a crossbeam, covered in gravel and dirt. In the darkness it was difficult to see the long man-shaped dent in the dirt, worn down by many nights of a sleeping John.
“Oi, Sherlock!” John tried to take each and every thing Sherlock was handing to him, but he was dangerously close to losing his towel, and was certain that that was a humiliation he would never
But it was all for naught, for a soon as the car came to a full stop, the tinted window lowered and Mycroft Holmes himself peered out dramatically from the darkly leathered inside.
He made to speak, no doubt to spout a scathing reply to his brother’s unprovoked little speech, when Mycroft’s mobile chimed in his trouser pocket. With a raised right hand (held up specifically to prevent Sherlock from talking), he pulled the mobile out with his left and glanced at the screen.
He, John Watson, a homeless war veteran was in love with an apex Alpha that was so far out of his league he might as well be taking up residence in the very bottom of the Marianas Trench.
brilliant,” Taser man replied, sounding quite put out. “Get back to the car, they wanted him as undamaged as possible, you wanker!”
John himself was little more than worse for wear. Both men lay groaning on the ground, coughing and retching into the slimy paving stones that lined most alleyways in this part of the city.
It was standard fare, private, and he supposed he could thank the Holmes’ for that small mercy. The monitor beeped cheerfully (quite different from the last one he’d been attached to), and a collection of tubing wound in and around each other, all leading into an IV in his right antecubital vein. Another IV, nestled securely in his left arm, attached to a morphine pump, the handle and button of which rested near his left hand.
John realized he was being carried by the two men, one clutching at his underarms, and the other holding his ankles. They must be outside now, as the wash of cool air and raindrops helped bring him out of his fist induced stupor.
“I’ll have my assistant make it her first priority.” The man paused, and for a moment John almost expected him to end the conversation without so much as a goodbye, but he continued, “Before I let you go Dr. Watson, what can you tell me about a man named James Moriarty?”
A soft grinding sound alighted near his cot, accompanied by the smell of freshly cooked food. The fragrance and odours of the shepherd’s pie rioted against his senses. He could smell
What a time for something like this. In all the ways in his life his body had betrayed him; he never thought now would be the time it would decide to add another hash-mark onto its growing list. He’d never had this problem before, this strange kind of – of incontinence, so to speak.
It was always John now, the small man with the blond hair mixed with grey like shimmery, silver threading in a tapestry. He kept Sherlock right - and he would continue to do so when Sherlock found him. They’d stop their tiresome little mating dance and finally
DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters. I only play with them, in ways that I assume they'd like to be played with! LOL
Sherlock pivoted, moving the weight of his body to his right foot, insinuating a knee between John's own. His nose began to move, travelling upward, catching softly on the short, auburn hairs of the Omega's beard (he hadn’t shaved it off yet, and thought only a perfunctory shower for his upcoming meeting would do for now). A shiver made its way down John's arm and legs, ending centrally, a bright, tingling ball of sensation focussed around his groin. This, he could no longer ignore.
He remembered the first time he met her, how untouchable she looked dressed all in white and surrounded by expensive things. He remembered her scent: chocolate, vanilla, patchouli…it was quite distinctive. It was just as singular now, but about more intense, a
Mycroft offers more information about the study, but that leads to even more questions. Things become heated between Sherlock and John.
One lone cigarette butt, isolated in a small but deep puddle just to the left of the middle of the street, floated on still water.
John looked down into his lap again and inhaled deeply. The scent of wood smoke and pipe tobacco filtered in from somewhere, probably the slit under the door, and continued to muddle his brain. If he couldn’t get a breath of fresh air, he’d have to do more than try to will his erection away…he’d have to take matters into his own hands, literally. And that was certainly not something he wanted to do with the scent of Sherlock Holmes thick in his nostrils.
John flinched inwardly at his words, he was pretty sure that as part of the interview process he’d have to share some pretty private information he’d rather the Holmes brothers not know (or record and listen to over, and over).
“So, I hope you don’t mind if I call you John. I like to be on a first name basis with all of my patients,” a ghost of a smile tugged at her carmine lips, “you can call me Irene, if you like. Or you can stick with Dr. Adler, depending on your preference. Do you…have a preference, John?”
“Mycroft,” John muttered with vitriol. It was just his luck that the tall, stuffy man would show up here just before he and his brother were set to meet. Probably to interfere, or maybe tell John he wasn’t good enough? He needn’t bother; the Omega already knew he wasn’t good enough.
The office was painfully neat and lacking in the usual accoutrements of personality, which afforded Mycroft Holmes an excellent look into the psyche of the man who'd saved his brother. There was very little in the way of decoration, and he found himself comparing the working styles of John Watson and Sherlock Holmes and coming to one conclusion only:  in terms of environment and organization, they couldn't be more different.
She busied herself after that, dipping down gingerly to pick up the young man’s things, assuming he would wake and that would be that. She continued to prattle on absently as she picked up what seemed like a brand-new, never worn, and ridiculously expensive pair of pants. She tried not to be impressed (though she couldn’t right help it), and continued to putter about, folding and placing errant clothes in drawers and hanging indecently luxurious blazers in the closet. She was certain they smelled of money, not that nasty coppery papery smell, but that clean ‘I’m-better-than-you smell’ she had so enjoyed when she’d been married to her ex.
“Look,” he offered, his tenor splitting the tension between the other two men, “if it makes you feel any better, I’d much rather be home watching Top Gear. They’re showing the one with the Reliant Robin again,” he snorted with amusement, “classic.”
Lestrade nodded, his expression closed off now, and as equally severe. The older Detective moved away then, barking orders at his team to finish up and get moving - play time was over. Donovan and Anderson stood at a distance, flinging surreptitious glances at the apex Alpha, but remaining silent.
Marcus was laid out for him in eye-searing detail: the turn of his head, his shaggy hair drifting lazily in a shallow puddle, the angle of the bullet holes, and how his left hand stretched out away from his body, as if grasping (reaching) for something far, far away.
It would take a little more research and a few phone calls, but it could work, and while it danced dangerously near actual brain surgery, it would be no more invasive than what they’d originally attempted.
. Be aware, I will do everything within my power to prevent my brother from ending up as another one of your
She could feel it in the slant of a person’s gaze, the uneven levelling of their shoulders, and the scent a person emitted when they began salivating. She found she could control it, the pheromones, the heats, well – everything; and though she preferred women, she found it wasn’t a great chore to make herself available to men as well. But now, now that there were two of them, man and woman, how easy and perfect would it be?
“I believe this is no longer about Formation. I believe they are trying to – to fundamentally change their subjects. I believe they are trying to create something
Visit me on Tumblr! I am nice, I love messages and will always respond! I am silly and will reblog whatever tickles my fancy...this includes Ben, Martin, cats, etc. Come see me!
John’s injuries had healed fairly quickly, and he counted himself lucky that even though he was a bit malnourished, he was otherwise healthy for a man his age. There was only a faint green and yellowish reminder of the bruises around his neck, jaw, and cheekbone; and those would also soon fade.
John blinked hard and brought his eyes up to take in the surrounding area. He was in a smallish room, warm, with the early morning sun streaming in through a tiny square window.  Instead of wallpaper, the sides of the room were tinted a light purplish blue (cornflower?) that reflected the weak light and warmed the chilly interior into something cosy and liveable. There was next to nothing for furniture: only the bed he sat upon, and a desk with one rickety chair up against the opposite wall. They both looked ancient, the surface of the lacquered wood marred with scratches and gouges from a hard life, shuffled from one house to the next.
“I don’t plan to be.” He laughed, he outright snickered at the thunderous look on his mate’s face, until he realized Sherlock would make quick work of the belt loops and come at him with every devious thought ever borne from that wickedly exceptional brain.
So together they made their way up to John’s new home, a thought so new and perplexing to his mind that it had taken the entirety of his two weeks in hospital to get used to the idea.
, of all things? The only thing remotely good about Sherlock was his brain; it’s what made him special, what made him the most gifted Sentinel in a century, and to put it at risk? The potential for devastation was inconceivable.
She sounded quite sure of herself, regardless of the stuttering, and reached a finely boned hand towards him.
“Why don’t you try telling him that then, John? What do you think would have happened had I not stopped him?”
If Dr. Stapleton found his smile to be unnerving, she didn’t show it. She only sniffed daintily as she squirted two puffs of medicine into each nostril, then replaced the small bottle from whence it came.
John finally sat the kitchen table, thankful that it was clear (for once) of organs, experiments, and tests of any sordid sort. “A bit, yeah. Lestrade said he’d told his family about the funeral, they were pretty shocked, and I’m wondering…well, I suppose I’m afraid they won’t show.”
“No,” the Omega clutched the small parcel at his side, a clean change of clothes, and “I’ll just wait for him, if you don’t mind.”
Sherlock mouthed his way slowly down the left side of John’s face, nudging insistently with his nose and willing the Omega to tilt his head to the side and bare the delicate, downy, underside of his jaw. Whatever scent John emitted, weak though it was, it would be easiest to inhale it there…although most Alpha’s tended to prefer the thicker, muskier Omega pheromones that collected around the genitalia.
He swiped his bloodied forearm against his brow, displacing heavy beads of sweat and smearing fine lines of blood across his forehead. What did the man say?
“Hey Watson!” The hard blow of a rugby ball glanced across his back, causing him to stumble and drop his tattered book bag. Gathering himself together, John looked behind his shoulder, taking in the familiar and angular face of Edward Hutchison, two years older, Formed Alpha and great big bloody brute. Wonderful.
“What the hell does lip balm have to do with any of this?” Lestrade queried, moving closer to the baggie to get his own look up close.
The Alpha only shrugged and tossed the ball behind him, the previously innocent gleam in his eyes turning predatory. This was a look John knew well. His heart jumped and thumped against his ribcage, hammering about wildly in his chest. One quick glance confirmed that they were alone on the pitch, and there was no one around to help him…save him.
Sherlock glowered at his brother, his gaze venomous. This wasn’t news to him of course, but hearing Mycroft put it into words somehow made it so much more
He fled, purposely fixating on putting one foot in front of the other, just to make his way up the stairs and slam the heavy wooden door behind him.
“You already know how much I hate to repeat myself, but since you’re being insufferably dim-witted this evening, I suppose I can deign to say it once more,” the brunet took small, even steps towards the DI, keeping an intense amount of eye contact the entire time, “where – is – John?”
“Excellent. I’m Dr. Sebastian Wilkes, I’ll be assessing your health, administering your physical and drawing your blood work, alright?” He moved over to a small bin and pulled out a few large, clear plastic bags. He placed them on the bed, then pulled out an unattractive hospital gown from a large overhead cupboard. This he placed on the bed as well.
“Call me Sherlock, please.” The dark haired man replied, grasping his hands loosely behind his back, but showing no intention of leaving John to his peace.
The Omega gave him a weak smile and followed his instructions. This led him to a small examination room, complete with all the fixings he was intimately familiar with. All the tools needed for a complete health assessment were here: charts of various body systems littered the area, a padded examination bed was placed near the centre of the room, and a sterile metal table rested against the far wall. It seemed a physical was first on his list of things to do.
John was only able to nod his head once, sharply, in agreement. He ripped his eyes away from their obvious point of interest; Major Sholto’s pleasantly flushed lips, and met his ludicrously close gaze. This was observed, of course, by Major Sholto himself who, without any kind of admonishment whatsoever, gave John a small secretive smile.
It was quiet once more in the bungalow, and John let it soak in for a few moments before glancing over at Marcus. He was the same as before, and John suddenly appreciated his steadfastness more than the large Alpha would ever know.
alright.” The emphasis on ‘home’ rankled John’s nerves. He may not have much, but he still had his pride.
, apparently.” He placed great emphasis on the word ‘fun’ as if by its pure existence it taunted him. “So, in the end, after all this, we still have nothing…nothing more than a few sugar pills and dead latent Omegas. We still don’t
John perked at the mention of Baskerville, he had actually heard of it before, and glanced over at Sherlock to see a quick flash of confusion pass across his handsome face. The Omega allowed himself a brief moment of satisfaction in knowing something the apex Alpha did not; he allowed this, because he wasn’t sure it would ever happen again.
“Must we keep him so sedated? How are we to know if the process is complete? It is…very different this time,” Dr. Frankland peered through the glass wall, one hand resting proprietorially upon the plane, as if itching to break through into its sacred and protected space.
“Truth is…we don’t know where he is Sherlock. He wasn’t here when we arrived. The girls…” he motioned to the sniffling young women at the steps of the bungalow, “…haven’t seen him, and well – he’s not going to tell us much.” His exhausted brown eyes moved from the women to the unmoving tableau of Marcus’ corpse.
The other man sighed, eyes boring up and into the ceiling. He squeezed their clasped hands and cleared his throat, looking hesitant.
“Sherlock…?” he began to push himself up to his elbows before wincing as a spasm of pain roared through his still fresh surgical site, “
John had purposefully kept his mobile powered off for the majority of the time he was hiding behind skips and making a bed out of mounds of gravel and dirt (this was after he’d figured out how to block Sherlock from calling or texting). Mycroft was the only one he kept in touch with now, and thankfully, he never mentioned Sherlock. Not that the Omega would have been able to tell him anything anyway, the apex Alpha was as much of a stranger to him now as he’d ever been.
He twitched on the stretcher, flexing his arms, even though he knew it was fruitless. The fever inside his body raged, chilling and singeing his skin in tandem.
when Mary’s body was limp and heartbreakingly boneless next to him – death exerting its greedy and covetous influence in her sweet, clear green eyes. Somewhere in the back of his mind, where poisonous and vengeful thoughts lived, John couldn’t help but listen to the whispers that this was
“I mean, for someone who prides himself for his massive intellect, that wasn’t exactly smart. Do you do that kind of thing all the time? I might have my work cut out for me then.”
“…I don’t know why you don’t just leave John, they hate you. I don’t hate you though baby brother, even if you
blooms in his abdomen, and he feels badly that he cannot help. He helps so many already, and really what could he possibly do? Yes, he may be ex-military and a physician, but he doesn’t hold a candle to an apex Alpha detective and his brother, the British government (allegedly).
"No," he barked, rolling over in the bed and wrapping the paltry excuse for a blanket once more round his wiry frame. “I’m exceedingly ill. Can’t you see? I’m wrapped in a blanket!"
Irene opened her mouth as if to give an answer, something argumentative to be sure, but then closed it abruptly and left the small room, waves off discontent positively rolling off her person.
,” at this point, he began to pace, gesturing a bit wildly and seeming to forget John was part of the exchange entirely. “Now…china clay is an organic compound, easy enough…you already know, and as organic compounds do, they disintegrate at specific rates of decay. Taking into account the acidity and relative moisture in the air and surrounding environment, plus the staining by the coffee ring in the upper left hand corner, I can deduce that he had been a participant of the study for at least 3 months before meeting his untimely demise.”
His previous experiences were never like this - gentle, unhurried, reverential. Sherlock languished next to the doctor, thumbs spinning slow, unconscious circles into the Omega's skin, hips pressed against his lower belly. If John didn't know any better, he'd mistake this behaviour for something normally found in a mated pair.
Mycroft Holmes only responded with a thin, stretched smile. "Perhaps I wanted to congratulate you personally. After all, what you did for my family deserves much more than a mere phone call."
Sherlock regarded his brother with a strange new kind of...wariness. He leant his head back slightly, narrowing his eyes, the sides of his mouth drooping down in a moue of petulant suspicion.
At first it was so subtle, like someone had secretly planted a hedge of tea roses amongst a field of low-hanging lilacs trees. The change was there, but only obvious in small, ethereal wisps of fragrance that grabbed his attention and tempted his nose like an ancient curiosity, full of heretofore unknown knowledge and mystery. But then it would be gone, and Sherlock felt almost sad, bereft even, if he were ever so inclined to feel such things.
They both fell silent, and John reminded himself that he needed to be a bit more magnanimous when dealing with this man. He may be irritating and overbearing, but it
John’s soft, almost worshipful expression slowly leeched away from his face as Sherlock continued with his speech. He had told exactly zero people under the bridge that he was an ex-army. For all they knew, he was just a down on his luck Doctor willing to help, and his injuries, well…people didn’t pry too much when they were more occupied in figuring out how to get their next meal. This was unacceptable, for Sherlock to assume he knew so much about him. He was brilliant, to be sure, but John wasn’t exactly comfortable with this sudden, enforced familiarity thrust upon him. It wasn’t Sherlock’s place to throw these things out in the open, as if they weren’t carefully tended secrets John guarded more voraciously than his medical kit. The shock of realizing this man was able to split him into little tiny invertebrate pieces, lay him bare, and practically see into his own brain; John wasn’t sure he could handle that.
of air. It was his first panicked reaction, but probably not the most helpful. The door would have slammed shut with a resounding
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” John rounded on Dr. Barrymore immediately after Mycroft made his exit, eyes narrowed and lips pulled back in a tight, ugly smile. “I already told you I would never donate again. Ever.”
Now they sat at the cluttered green kitchen table, staring intensely at each other, neither one wanting to be the first to delve deeper into what just happened and the events of the previous night. Sherlock, besides his swollen cheekbone and irreparably wrinkled dress shirt, appeared stoic and stone-faced. John himself sat with arms crossed and face set with a perma-scowl that might take weeks to resolve.
the one tore up your clothes?” She glanced away, eyes unfocused as she thought it through; a half-smile lit upon her young face, but it appeared uncertain and tremulous.
, if one was feeling quite maudlin. If Sherlock extended too far, John washed over his mind with calmness, security, and strength.
“Yesssss…” The Alpha hissed, gripping his impressive and imposingly turgid shaft in his right hand, lining up with John’s entrance, feeling the blood-hot kiss of tension as he first makes contact with his Omega’s passage.
He rutted against John’s lower belly, his cock, large and forcefully twisted in his trousers catching on the flare of the head of the Omega’s own penis on every other thrust.
He entered his own living space then; it too was empty except for his own things, and the faint smell of Marcus lingering in the air (a kind of neutral, musky scent). He gathered what little he had with well-practiced ease, rolling it all into a bundle and then filling up his duffel bag neatly, putting everything in its place. He didn’t think too much about all of this, the blond just went through the motions by rote, refusing to acknowledge the fact that his time here was probably coming to an end. His time as the Good Doctor could be over, and for what…his inability to curtail his addiction to danger? The chance to spend time with the most beautiful man he had ever set eyes on?
The street was buzzing with activity, each protocol and policy in full swing as the professionals bagged, tagged, and photographed every bit of evidence they could find. The body was unmoved, soaked and strangely deflated appearing as it rested with unearthly stillness against the pavements.
subconscious. The good doctor’s face flushed with shame and embarrassment. This had the added effect of simultaneously taking care of John’s little problem in his pants as well. His erection had waned, the erectile tissue softening and retreating back into its neutral state, untouched and ignored, as per usual.
“Room 511, this one is yours. We don’t use keys here, as you can see, but programmed cards.” She passed him one card, credit-card-sized and glossy, the magnetic strip barely used on the opposite side. It would have had no more than two (no, three) previous users judging by its lack of usual scratches and wear and tear.
.” His throat closed in a glottal spasm, shoulders trembling from the unfairness of it all. “I – I wish this had never happened. I wish you were still here. I wish I could go back and tell you to stop, that I wasn’t worth y-your life. I wish –”
. Logic was his boon, his safety blanket, his protection from feelings and emotions of lesser beings. Logic protected him.
“Um, okay,” she squeaked in that infuriatingly mousy way of hers, “only I’ve just finished the post-mortem on Jimmy Price’s body and…I think there’s something you need to see. There’s some unusual lab results and I think –”
A high-pitched keening alarm broke through their argument, echoing through the compound and startling both men. It meant gunfire, mortar shells, fighting…and close.
Maybe it was mottled discolorations around his neck, barely visible above the collar of his striped shirt; or the developing bruise on his left cheekbone that had caught his eye. It did look like it was going to be quite spectacular.
Mycroft had been meticulously editing a few important government missives from the comfort of his sedan, when he’d seen one John Watson hobble painfully out of the Hospital and make for the nearest tube station. The look on his thin, harried face was indescribable.
John, Mycroft, and Sherlock all turned their heads to the side, enrapt, and moving in tandem like some kind of bizarre synchronized swimming routine. The motion left John’s head swimming, making him feel even dizzier that the uncoordinated filming did before.
She shook him, hard and with a purpose, desperately hoping he would open his eyes and scream, tell her off, or at least…at least do
Sherlock brought both his hands in front of his face abruptly, fingers twitching, “wait – wait a moment. Stop talking. Just stop talking full stop!”
The scene itself was cordoned off with blue and white tape (POLICE LINE DO NOT CROSS), strewn every which way and just this side of haphazard. Standing next to the tape, looking like she’d rather be anywhere else, was a tall Alpha woman with curly hair the colour of coffee with a touch of cream at the tips. Her face, though relatively attractive, was rather pinched, and her brown eyes looked tired. She held a radio in her right hand and every once in a while pushed the button and spoke into the contraption in short, terse sentences.  Several yards behind her, gesticulating wildly, prowling around and speaking to a man wearing a long, drab trench coat was Sherlock. The other man, older and with salted brown hair, looked exhausted, stretched thin, and at his wits end.
more intense. It had layers, upon layers now, base notes and heart notes, all mixing to an exquisite cocktail that swirled around John’s senses.
The Omega had no idea Marcus had developed feelings for him, no matter how ill-advised he thought they were. Marcus had limited control over his actions and hormones, but John was not one to flirt or toy with anyone’s emotions flippantly. Even though he allowed himself little in the way of love and affection, he wouldn’t belie someone else’s needs or wants. That is not to say he would actually
John suffered in silence as his previously recorded self chatted rather uncomfortably with Dr. Wilkes. Just the sound of that bastard’s voice made John’ skin crawl; the memory of his hand and his fingers in those places…but
“John, that first time I met you, I mentioned you had a background in the Army. You seemed surprised.”
John makes his way back to the bridge, endures an unexpected encounter, and is once again beholden to one Sherlock Holmes.
“Can we just watch the damn thing please? Having to listen to you two bicker about like old ladies is giving me a headache, for God’s sake Mycroft!” John placed the heel of his left hand to his temple, rubbing at the skin there, slightly annoyed at the dull ache beginning to grow and branch out behind his eyes.
“Yes? What is it Sebastian?” The elegant Omega clicked on her desk lamp, basking in its warm glow, “if you don’t mind, I’d like to take some time to…regroup, after today.”
He’d been shot from behind. He knew he should have never taken his eyes off of that other doorway – how could he have been so
She smiled then, placing both her hands in front of her, and cleared her throat. “We have a 93% success rate with primary implantation. Secondary implantation, though far more rare, is much lower, at 60%. If neither works, then the treatment is unsuccessful and you are counselled on other options available to you here at Serenity Cottage – surrogate Guides and the like.”
Casey’s warm hand squeezed John’s arm, offering the surgeon an encouraging smile as he picked up all the trash and offending detritus from the patient’s emergent intubation.
“What do you need?”  She stood and smoothed down her dirty jumper and jeans with a practiced hand, taking in John’s mussed form as she did. “What-what
“In the alleyway, I know it was you.” He clenched his hands behind him, still clasped together desperately in a sweaty tangle of fingers and thumbs. “Will you deny it?”
“They won’t want charity, Sherlock. They are proud and strong, I…don’t mind if you help them a little but just, let them make their own decision about what they want to do, okay?”
She approached him with her arm outstretched; holding a silver blister pack of medication identical to the one Jimmy Price had shown him only days ago. On the smooth foiled back, a sticker was attached with John’s full name, birthdate, and some kind of serial number.
I know I’m a bit worse for wear, yeah? But I can take care of myself if I need to…and I’ve got help.”He nodded over to Marcus, who shuffled in the background, pacing, as he sometimes did when tensions and emotions ran high…especially between Omegas.  After a quiet moment, Julia moved, wordlessly placing a hand on her Omega’s shoulder.
John ended the call and opened his mobile settings with a delicate dip of his finger, quickly searching through his contacts (of which there were a pitiful few). He really was getting quite good at navigating his iPhone now. It helped that a few of his fellow homeless were younger and wee bit more adept at smartphones (Brandy was a veritable electronic genius, regardless of how much she denied it), having been raised with the technology since birth, it seemed.
Behind him, Marcus blinked silently, taking in the small living area. John limped a few paces further in and scratched at his beard, then ran a hand through his greasy hair. It was grown out entirely too long and curled about his neck and ears in a most unfetching way.
“Jesus bloody Christ Sherlock?!” Lestrade’s gruff voice perfectly illustrated how not tolerant he was feeling at the moment, “only I’ve been trying to get your attention the entire time you’ve been here.”
Is that it?” He glanced from one Alpha to the next, neither of them meeting his eyes. Sherlock especially seemed completely engrossed in studying the faded pattern on the rug beneath his large feet. “That
“Marcus, please. I – I didn’t mean anything by it. I just…” John gulped a breath of air, “Please don’t be angry with me.”
The apex Alpha was, in fact, scenting John in the most intimate and sensual way the Omega had ever experienced.
,” Sherlock scowled and began to look annoyed. “Are you really that much of an idiot, or are you just taking the piss?”
If the prim Alpha noticed, he didn’t mention it. He only gathered his hands around the curve of his umbrella, leaning forward to rest his weight on the accoutrement.
A vivid burst of adrenaline coursed through John’s belly; this had gone from uncomfortable to dangerous, and quite quickly. John was suddenly afraid…afraid in a way he had not been in a very, very long time.
Theo smiled sadly, twisting a well-used tissue in his hands. “No, after the accident he really wasn’t the same. I visited him often in the home, but I’m not sure he even knew who I was.”
