"Bitch, fuck you!" Mishka shouted back, her arms shook violently as the power pulsed into her finger tips, "You silly ass bitch, I'll kill you!"
Her eyes scanned his face for a few heartbeats before she patted him on the back and got to her feet. Stretching her legs as she walked away from him, going back towards the small home on the opposite side of them.
The devil put his hands on the screen, using them to zoom into the woman's wrist. Wondering if Baal had noticed the mark yet or if he honestly didn't care for the woman enough to tell her.
"Maybe we shouldn't worry ab--"
"Chamuel," He said, feeling Arphaxat grinning at him from somewhere in the large van.
Bailey leaned against the counter top, watching as the blonde haired woman trotted around the large kitchen. Cooking a handful of different foods that smelled amazing, causing Bailey's mouth to water. The security guard hadn't eaten tonight and it was now starting to cause a sharp cramp to appear in the depths of her stomach.
"The king of beasts, Abel. Watch the video."
Chamuel studied the hunter for a few heartbeats, he knew Cham would have called him out on his bullshit if Mishka wasn't around. The angel turned back to the stairs and shrugged at the woman beside him. They bound up the steps once more, Abel followed close behind. His mind buzzed with questions, anxiety. Was it a dream? How did he fall? He recalled falling through the floor but that seemed like nonsense. Shaking his head as if to scatter the thoughts like water droplets on his skin he followed after the two.
"Is that because some crazy person keeps trying to grab it?" Sam asked, arching an eyebrow at Baal who snorted.
"Yeah?"
"Something wrong," Chamuel murmured, putting his hand on the glass and looking out into the street. Obizuth waved at him from where she stood, holding a small container of red lipstick. She ran it over her lips, kissing the door and waved again.
"We gotta find them,"
“No,” Uriel replied smoothly, eyes still glaring at the other beside him.
"Yes, and no, Faith had to choose someone with holy blood, but thousands of people have holy blood. You were picked out of all of them,"
"--The police seem to be following behind what looks like a woman and a man with horns, on a motorcycle. The odd flying Gremlins can be seen targeting them as they drive. The police have set up a road block not far ahead, hoping to stop the motorcycle--" a report said with wide, excited eyes. The camera showed Bailey and Baal rapidly making their way to the police lineup. The drone that followed the pair occasionally got knocked into by the Pishacha who's laughter caused the hunter to wince.
Abel got to his feet, "it's fine, man" he shot the other a smile, "just a crush, I'm…" he hesitated, "sorry for kind of being a dick," he murmured, "I guess I just misread signals and I…"
Abel shrugged, deleting the last name.
Baal gestured to himself, "I was a king! My level was high,"
"He'll take a Caramel macchiato, light caramel." Abel said before Chamuel could answer, the hunter paid with a twenty.
Sam snorted but didn't say anything, Abel went to his phone that was charging in the wall beside Chams. Turning it on he made for the other, turning to Twitter he pointed towards the screen.
He stood in pure black and white, people surrounded him, all dancing to the swing that was being played by a live band not too far away. He glanced around with wide eyes as the drugs started to kick in, feeling the familiar rush that coated his veins.
His heart stopped when the voice who spoke wasn't his king's, but belonged to the person he dreaded hearing from.
"You don't look okay," He whispered softly, his eyes going from her to Mishka and the driver who were both talking a bit more loudly now as they drove.
"Yeah man, that fucking proved it," Convel murmured.
"I'm fine," He whispered,
"One thing at a time, Maverick," Chamuel said, giving the other a small smile, "I know you're itching to help everyone under the sun but we can't really do anything without the Chamulet."
"The Winchester infected him, he will be seen as an enemy until Cherm is successful. Unless he complies that is,"
"Well we do have to save the world," Abel pointed out.
"People ain't just rude to be rude, obviously somethin' is happenin' and I was steppin' on your toes! Then I saw the way you looked at em, you know? Girl's gotta six sense,"
"We gotta call you back," Abel replied, hanging up the phone. Sam screeched out of the parking lot, taking off after the werewolf.
"Why'd you run? You're being so dramatic," Arphaxat said, looking at Abel sadly.
"It's a third eye sigil," Hahasiah said, "It'll help you use your King's grace as your own weapon. Pretty cool right?"
Anger flashed through Bailey, she shoved her heeled shoe down on the woman's head. She had been tied up with her arms behind her head to prevent her from escaping.
Cham shook his head, "I know, but we'll find them! You gotta slow down, since I met you it's like you're racing for the finish line. We need to pace ourselves, if we work day in and out well die before we can even figure out the prophecy,"
Abel shuffled from foot to foot as he thought over the situation, feeling the demon's hand on his shoulder.
"Hawkeye?" Robin whispered, racing his fingers over the purple arrows that lined the pages of the comic book.
Abel pulled out his phone, showing Chamuel the video.
"We found footage," She said with an evil grin on her lips, Ancitif made his way towards the devil who turned to face him with an interested look on his features. Leaning towards Ancitif to look at the mans phone, taking a sip of his wine as he watched Baal explode through the door of Butch's room with his large, golden horns. Shaking his head with a small smile on his face, the footage was choppy, quick, but it was all that Lucifer needed to see.
"Does she deserve it?" A voice murmured into his ear, causing the doctor to scoff lightly.
“Who are you?”
"Abel!" He shouted
"Robin?"
“Who am I?” She chuckled, dropping the microphone so it let out a long, angry whine. “My name is Obizuth, and you’re Abel...right?” Her eyes flickered between them. Abel looked around, waiting for the people to rush them but it didn’t happen. Everything seemed to be moving at a fast pace yet it was also so slow, the hunter almost couldn’t focus on what was happening.
Cain went to comfort her but Abel stopped him with a hand, she looked shocked that the doctor obeyed his brother. Abel took a few steps towards her, she stumbled away from him.
Baal got to his feet, brushing dust from his hands. The little girl hopped up and down, not saying goodbye as she raced towards her brother.
"You two ain't low level," Baal growled, "Now talk,"
"You two smell like death," Mavis replied, wrinkling her nose against the stink.
"I said respect for elders, not ancients," Abel replied, causing Chamuel to nudge him playfully with a closed fist.
"Yep, that's it." She glanced up at the two with narrowed eyebrows. Her hands dancing over the pages of an old journal similar to the ones they had read through at Sam's.
"It's some real X-Files shit," Arphaxat warned,
"What about…" he murmured, narrowing his eyes "raccoon killers?"
He and Cain had been watching Cartoons on the television together on Saturday morning, stating it was to make up for lost time as they ate cereal and just let themselves enjoy the old cartoons that streamed on the television. He found out a lot about his brother on these days, specifically, that he hated public speaking. Yet, here he was acting less like Cain and more like the person their mother saw. This confident, strong, smart king who seemed forgiving, and warm.
Abel and Chamuel shared a quick look before hanging up the phone and opening the video that was sent to his messages as an attachment. The video had just been uploaded but already the view count was out of this world. Chamuel watched in horror as Donnie wolfed out on screen and attacked a few demons he recognized.
That is, until he felt himself suddenly stop. His eyes flew open, glancing up with joy exploding in his chest as Chamuel hoisted the hunter and Butch out of the large ditch. His eyes bright, his wings so larger they almost didn't fit in the opening as he flew easily upwards. He carried Butch and Abel with each hand, his wings pumping against the air for a few short seconds. Bringing them close to the top with ease. Relief flooded over the brunette.
"I don't even recognize you," she spat, "this girl, that group, it's corrupting you. All that hard work you did," she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him tight. She started to sob louder, clinging to him. He felt his heart break, he didn't want her to cry or be upset.
"Make sure your safe search is one," Baal said, picking up his helmet and placing it on Sam's head who now looked in shock at the google results.
"Thanks for helping us," He whispered, his breath billowing out of his lips. The doctor grinned towards Chamuel,
"This is gonna suck," He murmured to Cham, Chamuel gripped onto the bed below him. Shutting his eyes tight as Abel sprayed down the wound, the angel shuttered as pain flashed through his body like hot fire.
The demonic girl leaned down to him, her feet covered in his tar like blood.
Danjal sat on the bench outside of the small cabin they were asked to stay in for the night. Robin had fallen into bed and was asleep within seconds. The archer had been acting odd, it was causing him a good deal of stress seeing his friend's usual kind personality be overtaken by a sudden burst of misplaced aggression.
“Trust your instinct, don’t listen to him,” Arphaxat whispered against Abels ear, causing the hunter to jump in surprise. He shot around, looking for the demon but saw nothing there.
Pushing into Donnie's room Abel knew exactly why the angel was so worried, Donnie was curled up on the bed. Growling, shuffling, clawing at the sheets as if he were being tormented by nightmares.
"Winchester I can't keep this up, the darkness is starting to take my abilities,"
Abel started visibly grinding his teeth, "can I talk to you, alone?"
"Abel, I'm so sorry," Chamuel whispered, pulling the hunter back to his chest. Baal and Bailey hugged the two as well, Abel let out a few soft sobs. He'd just lost his boyfriend, but part of him also felt a sense of relief as he relaxed in the embrace of his friends.
"Oh, we can keep dad busy for thirty! Give you time to-- you know!" He winked at his brother, causing Donnie to flip him off playfully.
"Guess so!" Danjal chuckled, "it was like, something has been drawing me to him since I came to Earth," he murmured.
The duo found a parking spot in the middle of the city, inside a small garage that's attached to one of the many office buildings in the area. Abel and Chamuel stepped from the car, the hunter pushed his sunglasses up and onto his head only for the angel to push them back down.
Mammon was grinning devilishly at him. Blood covered the front of the man causing Donnie's fear to kick up, as the haze vanished from his mind he looked down at the ropes that were tied around him.
"We have the tire iron!" She held it up only for one of the creatures to snatch it from her hands with a loud giggle. Baal punched at the monster, shooting hot flames from his gut, Flashing bright against the cold skies.
"Would a demon just lay it all out in front of you if you couldn't trust him?"
"Mhm," She chuckled, "Still here,"
"Than...what're you gettin' outta this?"
“Answer the question, I know you got that glowing hand thing,”
He watched as Mishka, Donnie and Israfil collected together in a small circle. They chatted with one another, laughing among themselves. Cain blinked a few times, he was tired, maybe he'd call home? He'd feel less lonely if he saw his mother's face.
"I wouldn't say I'm a cool angel," Abel snorted, taking the shirt from Chamuel and tugging it on quickly.
Donnie just shrugged, spinning in his computer chair. "I mean, I'm smart but I can't see the future,"
Mishka's voice broke over his thoughts, he looked towards her with a puzzled expression, they were all his age. They all seemed to enjoy each other's company, yet Cain often felt years ahead of his peers.
“It’ll help, just think of it as a mood booster,” Arphaxat whispered, Abel glanced up at the mirror. He could see Arphaxat standing behind him, yet when he turned around the man wasn’t there.
"Oh I'll be at the rodeo, be in my private office too in case you want to help me with some paperwork," she said to him with a wink, anger bubbling over Robin at this point.
"Go! Move!" Abel shouted to the people clustered before him. They all got to their feet, the hellhounds growled and roared but Abel shot more fire at them. The monsters stumbled backwards in shock, taking steps back as Abel stepped forward.
Cain pulled something from his pocket, he glared at it. She recognized it as a tarot card, and he threw it at her. It landed on the floor beside her feet, she leaned down and picked it up.
"Make a u-turn!" Sam shouted to Bailey, "I know where he is,"
The angel stared up at the dark ceiling. Tears ran down his cheeks as he fell into the darkness of sleep.
“Yeah, I mean, I think so,”
“Throw me at Donnie,” Abel shouted back, Chamuel laughed before tripping and falling backwards. Holding Abel against his chest and laughing as the hunter rolled off him,
He looked confused for a few heart beats, glancing down at the window. Blood and drool had trickled down the side of his mouth, pooling around the glass as he slept.
"Baal?"
"I got'cha," he whispered to the hunter. Abel breathed in deep in an attempt to process the information that he was just given. He trusted Chamuel with his life, but should he? What the demon said made sense but what would Chamuel or any of the angels have to gain by making him have a crush?
"You're...not supposed to like it," Sam laughed as the demon king tugged the sweater on.
"M-Me and my brother are on the case," One said.
"No matter what?"
"What is this?" Danjal asked as he held up the necklace to the light.
He asked, feeling a hint of anger flash into his voice. Mishka paused, he could tell she was analyzing his tone, she was far too smart and he was constantly reminded of this.
Joy exploded through the wolf as he got to his feet. Attempting to keep himself from grinning too wide but he couldn't stop it, he smiled so big it hurt his cheeks.
"Who are you guys? My parents?" Chamuel snorted, feeling his face turn red at the questions.
"I'm guessing Robin isn't a demon name."
"You gotta take the shot, that's how the game works," Baal had said, now he felt regret swelling in the depths of his skull.
Cham nodded, opening his bag to pull out the paperwork that they had photoshopped the night before.
Donnie rolled his eyes and looked to the floor, feeling his face burn. His older siblings were pretty great at making him fluster up around a crush but this was different and Donnie knew it. He felt it. Something about this was different and it terrified him.
"Do...you like her?"
The blonde held his hand and pulled him towards the door and outside, lacing their fingers together as they went.
"Baal was a big deal in hell, even now, he's more powerful than whatever assassins they're going to send after him. So he's going after his other weaknesses."
"Uh huh, whatever you say." Sam smiled lightly, letting his chin chest on the others back as he watched the building fly by in a blurr. Something suddenly didn't feel right, deep in his gut, dread spread its wings over him. Pulling up to the museum, it was silent, the darkness of the night had settled over it like a monster with a few street lamps lighting up the path below.
“I  thought,” He cleared his throat, “I thought that people were more progressive ya’know, like It wouldn’t matter, I’m still me. I told him my name was Maverick, and I was a boy. Than he laughed at me,” Abel frowned deeply now, looking into the beer with sad eyes, “It was like he was this amazing man, dad, person and suddenly...I wasn’t who he thought I was and he turned into a monster,”
The woman was sitting with Baal in a car, the early morning light was casting it's shadows against the twos faces as they seemed to argue about something nonsensical.
"What was that?" He asked, making a face at the sudden strange taste that painted the inside of his mouth.
Cain looked taken aback by the offer, glancing around him as if he expected to see an enemy before moving his hazel eyes back to the darker skinned man.
"It's beautiful," Chamuel whispered,
Cham swallowed, glancing back to Abel with tired eyes, "So, what do we do?" He asked. Thought he knew the answer, he felt the desire to hear the other man say it. As if to confirm their new friendship.
"I aint straight," Baal laughed,
Robin didn't respond to this, attempting to self soothe himself by rubbing his hands together.
"Mornin' officers, something wrong?" Baal asked, eyes moving between the two. The man was smaller, but he held an air about him that reminded Baal of a wolf.
His shirt under the hoodie was torn, old. She felt her heart break, he was clearly in a lot of distress over his appearance.
"Well...I mean," Abel felt a small stab of fear, "I...liked him immediately, like, love at first sight kinda deal,"
“The black sludge has been spotted in our community, nothing seems to stop it!” A frantic woman raved, she stood beside a reporter with wide eyes, her mouth agape as she spoke. The reporter looked shocked as the woman continued,
That was it! That was the part Sam knew was going to be hard to swallow. He opened his jaw to speak but nothing seemed to come out, Dean’s son? The words echoed in the hunters skull as he traced Uriel's face for any show that the angel was possibly lying, or had said the wrong thing. After all, Uriel did betray the angels all those years ago. Why would he decide to suddenly change now?
"What took you so long?" Danjal asked as Ancitif stepped into the bar. He was hit with the smell of body odor mixed with stale alcohol, marijuana and cigarette smoke.
"Abel, stop punching," Baal said, seeing the exhaustion in the hunter's eyes.
"Sorry I…"
"He's got Cain with him, probably Donnie and Israfil," She continued, wanting to ease the other's anxiety, popping a fry into her mouth.
Mavis gasped as she held the camera up towards it,
"Some of us," Robin whispered, rubbing the marks on his veins absentmindedly, "Are just waiting to die,"
Chamuel took a seat beside Abel, giving a nervous smile to a few girls who were sitting only a few inches from them on their own stools. They giggled, looking away from the two.
"Yeah," Abel let out a sigh, talking about it now felt a little good. It was nice to have someone he trusted in his dreams, though, it was a little odd.
Dean paused as he went to shove Uriel off, both men's attention was turned to Jack who glared down at them. His wings of gold shimmered in the darkness of the forest of life.
"She was cold and I have like five of them,"
“Why did you help me?”
Mishka watched the man's face journey, she smiled at him. Making sure her voice was calm, warm even. She could see the other had a good heart, she saw he was trying to be happy even if he didn't understand it. What was his story? She silently thanked Allah he didn't snap at her again, though he had been pretty ramped up when it happened.
“But...we’re not Jesus,”
"I gotta extra bedroom th--"
"Excuse us for not having all the up to date angel literature," Sam snorted, flexing his fingers. Bailey tilted her head as she looked over the closed eye on his index before moving them towards his black nail.
“My guy?”
"Oh Baal, I knew this was coming," He murmured, pressing a button on his desk. The glass that once showed the city below flickered like a camera, his hands glowed a soft red holding it up to the glass till it swirled.
He paused, taking a slow breath in and letting it out. Willing the anger down the demon shook his head and continued onward. The people around him almost parted as he walked by due to the heat radiating off him. The two demons were none the wiser as they raced past a few more buildings. Baal continued to make towards them, hands in his jacket pockets as he attempted to stay hidden with the rest of the humans around him. If they saw him they’d run and he didn’t want that.
"And I told you, we won't win!" One of them replied, nudging the small man sharply with a finger, Robin recognized him as the rider who harmed the other bull, sending a wave of rage into the archer.
"Shoot me if you want," Abel snarled, stopping and turning to the other, "But you aren't gonna stop me,"
Sam wasn't ready for that, causing him to laugh till his cheeks hurt as the pair quoted a line or two from the movie at one another.
"Should have done hashtag three stooges and shrimp," Mishka shorted,
Leaning against the cherry red wood of the desk behind him, books covered the walls in the small space making Chamuel feel claustrophobic.
The two had pulled up to Donnies but Abel left the car without waiting for the other, trotting up towards the front door. Chamuel got out slowly, his heart hurt as he closed and locked the door behind him.
"Abel, run," Chamuel shouted at him, he sucked in air as the heat continued to burn his skin. Licking hungrily at his hair and face, Abel glanced towards him before raced over to the angel.
"Cham!"
"Yeah yeah," Baal snorted,
"I need your expertise," Arphaxat replied smoothly, leaning against the wood.
"Okay, talk! What are those?" She demanded, pointing towards the exit as she attempted to slip her wrist from the metal but it was no use.
His long, knife like fingers extended over the hunter who starred with wide eyes. The monster went to crush him but Abel bolted at the creature, causing it to nearly fall back in surprise as its victims often froze in fear. Abel got into a slide, going under the creature's legs he scrambled back into the teachers classroom. The creature swung the mop, smashing only a few inches from Abel’s feet breaking the wood of the mop in half.
"Maybe you're right," Sam said, causing Bailey to return her attention to him. He was looking at the ground, clenching his pants tight. The ring that covered his tattooed finger glittered in the streetlamps that stood tall against the darkness.
"You got bit?" He practically yelled this, slamming his hands to the desk below. Causing the angel to flinch from the sudden noise.
"Guess so,"
"Let's see what the world thinks of this 'suicide',"
"We found a few kids, they're alive but pretty shaken and hungry," Bailey shot up at this, she didn't wait for Baal as she made her way to the police officer.
"Neither does anyone else, but everyone's on there," Abel laughed, wincing as the needle dug back into his skin.
"And you have my bow," Mishka added,
"Oh Ancitif, your boyfriend is about to get his head chopped off. Don't you want to see?" Mammon sang out, only a few doors away. He heard the door beside the room being blown in by someone, pulling one of the arrows out and loading it. He took in a few deep breaths as he held the arrow up, ready to shoot. Ready to fight. The tip of the arrow was a vivid blue purple, with the words 'poison' written on the side. He didn't know what it would do, but something deep in his core told him to use it.
"Alright," Cain said as he hopped out of the back of the van, making his way to Chamuel with a huff. His long, thick jacket kept him warm. The blue of the coat stuck out against his warm skin, the shot of red from his scarf stood against the snow below. Holding his golf club in one hand, it glittered in the snowy light.
"You thinking what I'm thinking?" She asked, nodding to the old school house. It held a large, red tower with a brass, golden bell sitting on top.
“Yeah! PB and jam, stable to my diet,” he laughed, sitting down across from the other with his own food. Taking a swig of beer he looked over the checked board,
"Why aren't you being beaten then?"
"That angel's under the thumb of a Winchester, it's going to turn us to salt!"
“Abel! Cham! Welcome to my pad!” The boy laughed, the sun was falling behind the home as the three stepped into the warm home. The teen looked at the two as if they were big time film stars stepping into a world premier.
A woman? Sam looked over Abel for a few heartbeats. Nothing about him seemed like a woman. He was strong, muscular, he could tell he hit the gym, face dotted with stubble. How could he have ever been a woman?
"Before?" Sam gave the other a puzzled look as Baal pulled himself up, sitting down on the bed behind him.
"Hey, little ugly, are you the one talking?" Abel asked, taking a step towards the rabbit. The hare darted away from him as his foot landed on a small pile of dead leaves.
"Why? For this?" Chamuel gestured around them.
"Now," The man started, placing a hand on one card and flipping it over, Cain tilted his head at this. The card showed two swords, upside down and crossing one another. One sword had a crown around it while the other a set of thorns.
Bailey nodded, grabbing the woman and dragging her away from the devils trap. The woman hissed in pain, glaring at the two as Bailey quickly untied her ropes. She vanished within seconds.
"I gotcha, Maverick," he whispered as lights flickered on in the small hallway. Bulbs hanging down from the ceiling, their light a deep yellow, long cobwebs danced around them.
"We're Bailey? I need to show her this," He whispered, Mishka shook her head as the nausea returned.
"These things will blast through ghosts easy,"
“Its what My dad would do! And Abel!”, fear flooded through his veins as he spoke. His heart pounding so rapidly in his chest he feared it would burst. Sucking in air to combat the fear, thinking about what his father would do the man grabbed the handle of the door. It felt like ice against his skin, closing his eyes as he waited for the worst he threw open the door with such force it knocked against the wall beside him.
"You wanted me to kill my friends, Abel!" Chamuel snarled out.
She clenched her fists in anger, holding the gun up with fire burning in her gaze.
"Of course he is!" Satan roared, throwing the ball to the floor. "These Winchester's, if they didn't have Faith's blood in their system I'd wipe them clean! No heaven, no hell, no Earth. Nothing. Dean, Sam, John, Abel, even Cain at this point."
"We just want his money and that golden necklace, that's all. Not looking for any issues," The man snarled, Danjal's eye twitched in rage.
"Good, I hate driving!" Donnie laughed,
Israfil groaned inwardly as the sunlight fell on his face, he felt as if someone had split his head open with an axe. Donnie snored beside him, his arms wrapped around the angel. Mishka laid on the opposite side of him, her face shoved into his ribs. Her arm draped lazily over his chest. The angel yawned, sitting up with a few rapid blinks.
Chamuel flipped Abel off, turning attention back to what he'd been doing.
"Chamuel, hm," She smiled, clicking her tongue and placing the baseball in her purse before pushing into the room.
Baal nodded as the two made for the staircase, Sam leaning on the man as they went, noticing the burning that was radiating off his skin as though it was on fire. It was then Sam knew, Baal was no hunter, he was no human. Why was he helping then? Why was he following his boys on social media? His boys? When did he start calling them that?
Donnie bit his lip, 'take a chance' something told him - he reached forward and gently pushed one of his fingers against the angels. The man's soft skin sent sparks through Donnie's bones, his heart hammered against his chest faster as Israfil pushed his hand into Donnie's.
Abel gave the man a lopsided grin at, pulling from his parking spot and following the other car out. Looking in the mirror as the house collapsed in on itself. Flames eating away at the rotten, abandoned wood.
Abel held it in his hand, weighing it. It was heavier than any bat he’d held but he felt it would work non the less.
Cain frowned at this, "what's a slut?" He whispered, tying up his leg and packing his supplies up.
The police looked at her then to Theo who nodded, "uh well miss. We found them near the Altar down below, in the giant cave."
"I keep having these dreams of my sons," she whispered, her voice shaking as she wrapped her arms around herself.
The two hopped into the home quickly as the rain fell down, Abel shook out his hair as they brushed past her.
"Why not? Is it because I'm a woman?"
"I'm so sorry," Abel choked out, tears bit into his eyes, Chamuel shushed him.
The strippers hid in the back, terrified
One of the men yanked a gun out  as if on cue, holding it up with a smirk.
Robin took this change to run, the metal on the bottom of the boots clanked with every step. Mammon gasped as Robin ducked past him and leapt from the second floor, landing hard beside Danjal who had his face beaten in, his arms tied back with blessed ropes,  looking hardly awake. Blood oozed from a large mark on his head, his eyes black and blue.
“I don’t get a Mr?” Abel asked with a small smile, the two teens shot each other a look before ducking past the man and into the emptying hallways of the school.
"That might be someone's kink," Chamuel shot back, attempting to push away his anxiety.
"Obizuth offered me some big big money and you know I love me some money," Mammon laughed, his friend laughing with him.
"Would you like to let Jedidah's soul go to heaven?"
"I don't understand why they're so nice to me," Robin whispered, Danjal placed the arrow back into the other's bag.
"I've seen you suck dick before, Mammon, I'm not the only fag," Robin snarled out. The men all looked at each other, ooing as they did so before the group snickered as if they were bullies on the playground.
He sniffled, starting to type into the phone.
“What would that even mean?” Abel asked, a smile on his face.
"Gotcha," Abel laughed, they stared into each other's eyes for a few heartbeats. Every part of Chamuel wanted to close the gap between them, to race his fingers through Abel's hair, to feel the rough facial hair against his skin. Abel's face turned a light shade of red as he stumbled backwards, chortling as he sat down in the dirt.
Cain looked at her in shock as she spoke to him, he hadn't expected her to know Spanish. Especially not with how quickly Laszlo spoke, sometimes even Cain had a hard time understanding the man.
Bailey smiled, rolling her eyes at the other before making a few motions with her hands. The woman watched the hand movements, narrowing her gaze at the other playfully.
"I miss you too, what are you...doing in there?" Sam replied, a hint of sadness in his tone.
"Bailey! What do I owe this pleasure?" Dave asked, pulling a cloth from his front pocket and brushing sweat from his sun kissed dark skin.
"Sam! Electricity kills water!" She shouted, taking a step back with her gun up. He could see she was terrified, he could hear it in her voice. He turned to Bernard who was letting out pathetic groans of agony, the hit to the head seemed to have disoriented him enough to render him mostly useless. Sam raced towards the sigil, Bernard held out a hand but the hunter stepped away from it easily.
The men's eyes moved to the red marks she had drawn on the glass, odd symbols the hunter had never seen before. A collection of circles and sharp edges.
"Wait, you broke the handcuffs, do it again! We can run easier if we're separated,"
“Have you seen me, 12” Donnie said, posting the picture of Abel and Sam.
Chamuel felt war within him, his skin rippled from the powers.
"No, what the hell to you," Chamuel replied, the room was dark, cold. The angel grabbed a string that hung down from the ceiling fan. He tugged it, glaring at Abel only for the fan to kick on.
The picture flashed to show angels of all types flying around in the heavens, they all looked like watercolor as they sang into the air. The gold charms around their necks glowing with the warmth of their happiness.
"Like...what? If we make them seem too fake people might interact with them," Abel pointed out, pulling his jacket off and sitting on the floor next to the couch.
"I…" He started, stopping as Arphaxat's words burned into his mind. He shuffled under the man, Chamuel put his hand on his erection, pressing the tip against Abel's pussy.
"No, Cham." Abel turned his full attention on Mishka, sucking in a breath and letting it go slowly, "She's right, I didn't stop and think. This...this isn't a game, someone should have gone back. I can't even image sitting in the same roo --"
He felt a sharp pain in his chest but ignored it as he watched Robin inspect his arm before pulling the cat into his lap. The cat purred as it rubbed its head against Robins who kissed the animals head a few times in glee. Danjal's head felt fuzzy as he watched the interactions, making his stomach flutter uncomfortably.
Chamuel snorted, shoving the man though he kept one hand behind his back as he did so.
"Abel, I'm with Chamuel," Cain called back, "let's head back,"
"Mhm,"
"I'm more than happy, I was worried I'd have to lead some weird-- demon war," He chuckled, taking a long drink of the coke and placing the empty glass down on the table.
"Abel! Abel!" Chamuels voice ripped him from the depths of his terrifying nightmare. Covering his ears, feeling hands on him still, screaming out in terror.
"No one's your friend anymore, not even the other angels."
Opening his eyes he stared in shock and horror at what was before him, a man stood over his milky blue eyes, his jaw hanging off his face in an awkward manner, his large frame took over the entire doorway as he bore down on the two. Both teens screamed in surprise as Iggy slammed the door shut on the ghoulish figure.
“What are you doing!?” Sam shrieked,
"Dude you have to see this," he felt a rush of fear and excitement. He never in his life would have guessed this stuff was real, and now, only a few days later, he was best friends with an Angel and just hit a ghost with a bat! Chamuel didn't argue though he gave the hunter an annoyed glare as the two made for chamuel's room. Flipping the light on Abel and Cham sat on the bed.
The bartender went into a list of the beers they had, mentioning how he enjoyed one over the other. Chamuel couldn’t pay attention, his mind continued to move back to the truck and whatever the boise was. It was a familiar noise, but he just couldn’t put a finger on it.
Donnie felt himself relax as the creature vanished in the dark water.
She stood still, a hand on her hip as he stared into the pigs eyes. The crowd seemed to pick up on the odd behavior, falling to a murmured silence the man glares at her.
darapofficial.com
"No, God, I wish that was it. It's because I'm too nice,"
"Well you gotta, or I'm telling Juliet how you feel for them! An' then what, Romeo? What'll happen then?" She grinned at him, her vampire teeth shone in the light of the sun.
“I read somewhere that you have at least seven eyes, that’s pretty cool, like a spider,”
"Who's tooth?" Cain asked as he made for the large desk and sat down, she turned to look at him. Leaning against the desk, practically pushing the paperwork to the floor.
"Should we--" Chamuel started to say, taking a few steps to the corpse only for the ground under his weight to crack and break. Letting out a yowl of surprise he fell through the rotted wood, Abel shouted out in shock but his fear for the angel overcame whatever thoughts flooded his mind.
Theo let out a sigh as he sat down on the bench beside her, watching his men work.
"Where's mom and dad?" Donnie asked as he made for Paul, the house lights turning the front lawn bright. Sending light over the large group as they chatted to one another.
“Holy shit,” Donnie whispered from where he sat on the floor.
Cop cars covered the streets opening, guns drawn, everyone seemed more than ready to fire. He watched a short man and a taller woman standing in front of it all, he recognized them but couldn't place where he'd seen them. No time for that.
"Earth to Cain!" Obizuth yelled out, slapping the paper out of his hands.
"Mrs. Ketchers room," Bailey murmured, letting her fingers dance over the paper as she started walking to the other door. Sam followed behind her, tilting his head as he attempted to understand what she was doing.
She shrugged at this, "We might be working together but my main mission is to get that idiot Cain to the top."
"I'm special agent Theo, my partner, Dagmar, is over there," he nodded to a woman who was chatting with a few officers. Her long, curly hair tied back, tawny skin covered by a nice suit.
There was a pause from Sam, Abel could hear Baal in the background muttering to Sam. Abel pulled the hidden part of the trunk up to show the rows of weapons, from guns to more baseball bats the entire hidden trunk was covered in whatever weapon the hunter could ask for.
"Turning around," she retorted, kicking forward with the bike. The monsters dove at them, Baal shoved her head down causing the woman to Yelp in surprise and almost crash.
Though it wasn't as fast as a motorcycle he couldn't help feeling a rush of excitement as they darted down the cold streets. Christmas lights dotted the homes around them, glowing bright against the darkness of the world above. The colors danced and twinkled against the black streets below that were still wet with slush. The wheels on the moped didn't seem bothered by the slip and slide of the ice. Chamuel relaxed against the man, watching the lights roll by with a grin on his face. He loved Christmas lights, silently hoping his present had to do with them.
"You guys are okay, right? When are you going to be back?" Sam asked as he fiddled with his bag, attempting to open the slightly broken zipper.
"Alright, I got work to do," Dave chuckled, "just...be safe, son," the man whispered, kissing his son on the forehead before heading towards the fields. Bodhi nodded to his father but didn't say anything, stuffing his hands into his pockets.
"No interruptions?"
"Love this popsocket," he grunted.
“Hey, they’re just pissed they don’t look as good as you!” Donnie offered,
"Fine, demon," Baal growled out,
"So you're gonna help me?"
“You said you had the sludge!” Abel pulled his phone out to find the messages, Donnie cleared his throat, “Well...I did have the sludge,”
"You're one amazing son of a bitch," Danjal mused, pulling out one of the arrows and inspecting it. Donnie bowed to the man as Israfil trotted past with a few of their suitcases.
Taking a quick corner they bound towards a door, shoving themselves in and locking it behind them. They were in a small kitchen, with a fridge, a few tables and a sink. Abel went to a cupboard, ripping it open and throwing the contents aside until his hand found the salt. He snatched the box up, covering the front of the door quickly before the two sank to the floor.
No response came but his own voice.
"Go with them!" Sam shouted, one of them shook her head and growled lightly. Her body shuttered, her skin moved like water as fur flashed over her and rolled into her body.
"Long day," He murmured, they tilted their head at him before placing a kiss on the side of the man's mouth. Leaving a small stain of lipstick against his skin,
“Would explain why most of the deaths are teachers,” Chamuel said, “All the teachers there are some of the nicest people I’ve talked too,”
“Come on! I’ll help you the best I can,” He pushed his laptop under his arm, smiling as he turned on his heels and took off to his car that was settled beside the Impala. He pointed to the black vehicle, giving a thumbs up and ducked into the driver's seat of his ride, the small car kicked on. Abel noticed the sputtering, tilting his head at the old junker.
"You can't burn em off, demon," he murmured, "they're made to withhold a lot,"
He knew he wasn't the only one who thought this either. Other angel's whispered about it, even before he came to Earth, no one could understand why Jack wanted to keep the world from falling apart. God was silent on the matter, as usual, it was as though the great king themselves hid at the sight of their children fighting.
"What now?" Bailey whispered, "Wait! The prophecy!"
"Hey Donnie," Israfil murmured, frowning. Donnie let out a small breath as if he were working himself up to say or do something though the angel wasn't sure what that could possibly be.
Abel groaned as he sat up to face the angel, who fiddled with tuning Iggy’s guitar. The teens name had been written sloppily on the side in marker.
Chamuel gagged lightly at the sight, Abel simply stared at it with a shocked look in his eyes.
Arphaxat stood on the stage, his red rimmed glasses the only color in the entire place as he snapped his fingers to a beat that was starting up.
Donnie nodded at this, seeming to think over what the other said. He sucked in a sharp breath, he was going to tell him.
He felt as if the wind had been knocked out of his chest, looking around in panic. Mishka also looked but neither could hear the harp anymore. She groaned, leaning against the wall of a cafe with a roll of her eyes.
"Israfil?" The angel leapt up from his spot. Holding out his guitar and settling himself in front of Abel. The white acoustic guitar gleamed in the light, Iggys name the only thing breaking up the beautifully done paint job.
Butch roared in laughter, his laugh sounded like a Hyena's. Holding a growl in the depths of his throat, his body concerted as power pumped through his veins.
Israfil watched as Abel hopped out of the room towards the blonde, eyes following the pair out before he glanced down at Donnie. Concern covered his gaze as he settled himself beside the other, he wasn't sure what to do at this moment. The genius was usually the one who always knew what to do rendering the angel helpless.
Donnie opened his mouth to speak only to let out a roar of a cough, shivering as though cold. Israfil raced his hands down the others back,
"There's an app, it's a lot better, doesn't cut out as much. Not to mention you can listen to any police station, not just the closest one," Abel explained, Chamuel leaned into the conversation from the back.
"What...can I do?"
“Thank you?”
"Can I open them now?"
"Ya got any bullies?" He asked, she nodded. Baal reached into his pocket, pulling out a small, pocket knife. It wasn't large enough to do any damage, a trinket he'd picked up with his Vessel's name carved into the red plastic. He had seen it at a truck stop a few cities back and was so shocked to see his vessel's very unusual name written on a knife. In fact, it had been the only one.
"How can people be like this," Baal snarled, handing the phone back, he got up without another word and made for the restroom. Leaving Sam alone with the mysterious doctor,
Abel glared at the other, "I could kick Napoleon's ass," he snorted.
"Drink whenever something happens, we had an entire sheet of rules but I think we used that to mop up some beer so we're just guessing now," Donnie explained.
"It's...everything's terrible right now, we're both stressed out. If someone sent me fake texts I think I'd react the same way," the angel confessed.
“Well, if it is a trap that’ll help,”
"Who are you texting? and where did you go?" Sam asked, attempting to lean over and spy on whatever the man was writing out.
Abel raced towards the snake, his bat made contact with its dark body shattering the creature in half. Black muck splashed into the hunters face and mouth causing him to gag lightly.
Cham watched as Abel continued to type on his phone, tilting his head to get a better view as the man wrote information into the bio.
"I see him, he's...so evil, he's found his way into one of the king's,"
"I don't need ideas, I need to get this over with so I can go home," He replied with a small whisper, she patted the small demon on the head playfully.
"I'm...a little worried about it,"
"I don't know what it is," he whispered to himself as Robin started to snort softly, eyes falling to the Adinkra then back to the archers bruised up face.
"So modest! What's your name? The internet demands to know!" He grinned wide at her, pushing the phone more into her face causing her features to turn a brilliant shade of red.
"That's Donnie?!" Sam gasped out as the wolf took off running. It exploded through the front door. Showering the floor in splinters of wood as he vanished down the dark streets, Israfil raced past Sam and Norma. Ducking back in the room,
"Shit," Abel yelled out, holding up the gun and shooting a few rounds off. The monster twisted in the air, bullets whizzing past it easily. Its bat like wings turned to silver in the light of the moon,
Abel rolled on his side, Chamuel did the same. Giving the man a smile, his blue eyes warm, turning Abel's chest to fire as if the hue of the others gaze held a match to the others heart.
The monster screamed again but the noise was cut off as Chamuel barrowled into the devil. The monster was thrown from the air and into a small toyota that had been parked along the fence in front of the home.
"So you have a fling with the butler,"
Both men fell into silence as they looked through the exhibits with curious eyes,
"Send us your address, we'll see what we can do!" Chamuel said,
He pulled his phone back out and made for the mirror. His cheek sported a large purple mark, his lip looked a little swollen as well. His nose had dried blood caked on it, he couldn't remember being punched in the nose but he sure felt it. He couldn't believe how messed up he looked from a single fight.
"Abel stop, you're awake," Chamuel yelled. Abel sucked in air as he realized he was in Norma's home. Chamuel's hands on his cheeks, the angel relaxed as he saw the man's eyes focus. Blinking a few times and rubbing his head,
"So...we just look?" Israfil asked, blinking a few times against the film that covered the clear work goggles.
Before Israfil could do anything Fritz leapt behind him, shoving the angel into the bigger man.
“Now, that's out of the way,” The necromancer stood, dusting off the suit he was wearing as though he planned on heading to a party after all was said and done.
"You're in shock," Cain said, helping the man stand up and tugging him to the carpeted floor.
Abel's eyes sparked at the others' words, grinning stupidly for a few heart beats as he raced his fingers through his hair a few times.
"We shouldn't"
"Are you…" the officer started, glancing down at his phone, "either Mr. Bradshaw or Mr. Mitchell?"
"Stop putting yourself in danger," Danjal replied back, only to glare at the floor. Why did he say that? Robin didn't answer, he held himself and sobbed softly. Shivering from the adrenaline, Danjal sighed and slowly walked back to his friend.
“What is it?” Chamuel whispered, glancing over the man's shoulder.
"Why…is this happening? The...wings, the horns?" Sam looked to his friend with a look of bewilderment.
"Abel's soul is well on its way to me, sir!" He said with a warm touch to his voice.
"Focus," Sam hissed to them, nodding to Abel who continued.
"Please help!"
"Donnie?" Cain breathed out, Israfil raced past Sam practically shoving him out of the way. Throwing himself against the banister with wide eyes,
"Well, anyways," Cain murmured, "I guess Cain is a happy coincidence?"
"Fag is a way of life, pussy," He hissed.
"You're Adinkra," Fran said, "Will turn gold as the sun, or black as the night,"
"Shut up!" Bailey snapped back, "If Chamuel was going to tell him he would have, Mishka's just having fun,"
"You have no idea how badly I've wanted to fuck you," Chamuel whispered,
"Cham stop!" Abel called out, only for Bailey to grab him and pull him towards her. She raced her fingers over the large, red bruise that formed on the hunter's cheek. Tears in her eyes,
"I guess," The demon whispered,
He reached under the table, pulling out a bag that had seen better days. As he tossed it out in front of them sand fell from the inside, he snapped open the old bag and started to pull out a large binder. Inside held thousands of pictures, maps, passports, there were so many of the pictures scattered onto the table she could hardly make the cigarette burns in the wood. He flipped through until he came to a set of pictures, pushing them towards Cain and Mishka.
Donnie glanced up at Israfil who visibly brightened when the wolf looked at him. He breathed on the window and drew a smiling face on it causing Donnie to chuckle, he made for the otherside of the car and pulled himself into the driver's seat.
"The Adinkra is connected to the heart, not the soul, so you can use someone else's pure soul to power the Adinkra. Almost like taking a battery out of a remote and placing it in a separate one. The only issue is it leaves the other remote with only one battery."
The man looked shocked, Bailey put a hand on her weapon. Baal narrowed his eyes, feeling heat bubbling in his palms.
"Hello?" He called,
He nodded lightly, "Mhm,"
Blood sprayed but the hunter didn't have time to worry as he got to his feet, the other two dogs had gone to their master but now they growled at the two.
"Suicide," a man grumbled, scratching his head, a bright red playbutton flashed on the screen of his phone before the words 'uploading' appeared.
"We went to a bar it's our-- one year anniversary," Abel gestured to the clothes on the floor, winking. The woman shook her head,
"Damn, this is awesome," He said, pulling his sunglasses up to get a better look only to wince at the sharp pain in his head and eyes.
"Grab the thermometer," Dagmar arched an eyebrow at her partner, they shared a look before the other walked back to the car.
"I mean, at least you love your brother," Bailey murmured, glancing up at the other with a sad smile.
"Abel, are...you taking anything?" It hit him suddenly that the hunter hadn't asked anyone to give him his shot of hormones the past week, usually he did it for Abel but he assumed that the man must have asked Cain.
Mishka helped the bartender patch the doctor up, his head pounding, blood pooled from his nose and mouth. Large scratches ran down his arms from the demonic ribbons, his legs shook from exhaustion but they didn't have time to sit around. Both of the hunters slipped out of the bar from the employee door that opened to the parking lot opposed to the side of the building where the emergency exit sat.
"You got a shoe print on your face,"
"It's virgin mary, not virgin Jesus," Donnie pipped up,
"I usually cut it around this time," Abel admitted, feeling a spark of warmth in his chest at the others words.
"None of my family recorded it," Donnie murmured,
"Yeah, I got that text. Same with the one about her Talisman," Abel replied, tossing the ball in the air and catching it. He looked at the signatures for a few heart beats, he smiled at Chamuels name.
"Wait!" Abel called out as the group was forced out of the home, Hahasiah stood in the doorway with narrowed eyes at the King of kings.
Uji shook his head, looking back towards his friend and sister, he wished he could say something to sooth the terror that pumped into his body as the students continued eating their lunch as if nothing had happened.
Sam threw the door open with Norma close behind him, "what the hell!" He shouted. Donnie turned on him, roaring in anger at the sudden interruption. Sam shouted in surprise as the werewolf threw himself at the other hunter, just narrowly missing the dog's outstretched teeth. They snapped in the empty air as Donnie leapt from the second story of the home. Landing hard on the couch below where Cain had been sitting a heartbeat before, the man's eyes wide with confusion and fear as the wolf towered over him.
"Stop it," Arphaxat snorted, Mammon kicked open the door and made his way lazily towards the pair. He sat down with a grin, the sun was starting to climb down the sky. The second it touched the peaks, their mission would start.
Ancitif took in a breath, teleporting was getting harder and he wasn't even sure where Abel was staying. He knew he had to talk to the hunter as he walked around the streets of New York. He had got up incredibly early that morning, he stayed with Danjal for the past few nights. Sleeping on the man's floor, silently thankful the other didn't mind him listening to true crime podcasts as he slept.
"Hey guys," he called, handing Israfil the beads absentmindedly. The angel took them without question.
"Hello?"
Special agent? Israfil thoughts why did they bring these guys in for a break in?
"Yeah," he whispered,
She picked up her spoon with a smile, Cain hesitated. His entire life that's all anyone had done, aside from his mother.
"What now?" Bailey murmured, glancing to Israfil.
"I have a golf club in my car, does that work?"
"What is this place?" Cain whispered, the two started to walk forward now. Cain still held his golf club, feeling semi safer with it but a chill raced up the pair's spines as the sound of footsteps echoed through the room, they seemed to come and go so quick it was impossible to figure out where the steps came from. The hunters paused, glancing around in the darkness.
“They’re hungry, I’m hungry, seemed like a good deal,”
"Werewolves can't cross the sacred teeth of Joan." Danjal pointed towards the beads and teeth in his open palm. "We already placed four, one more and this entire area of the forest will be safe."
"It's not just you in love, Chamuel, it's also war. And war...isn't going to care who he hurts."
"How come you have an Adinkra?" She replied smoothly, nodding to the necklace around the soul's neck.
"So we now know there's another king, possibly more kings? How do we not know about the other kings?" She asked, Sam could tell she was holding back her need to ramble as she tied her hair up into a messy bun in a nervous fashion. He noticed himself starting to do this as well and chuckled to himself, he was hanging out with everyone too much.
"Are you okay? What are you doing?" He whispered,
"When I was helping the innocent as a runaway," Israfil murmured, "I made friends everywhere, but none of them were like you,"
"Kind of? We have milk, but apparently the angel's said something about milk," Amaryllis sighed into the phone, Cain pulled his keys from his pocket as he left the building and entered the parking garage. Cain opened his jaw to reply to them only for his words to be cut off,
"I-i might be too tired--" he started to say, the man screamed in surprise as his legs were kicked out from under him. Shock flashed over Chams face, glancing up at Abel who leapt to the others side,
"I just...wanted space," Robin whispered, Danjal turned to look at his friend. Sitting up with his hand resting on his cheek, his elbow buried in the blankets below. The soft sound of crickets filled the air, a few hopped around their car. The parking lot was nearly empty aside from a truck or two that sat in peaceful slumber.
Now he stood in front of the subway station, trembling lightly with anxiety. He sniffled softly, something practically called him into the darkness of the station. The stairs beckoning to him as though they lived. Letting out a scared breath he started to climb downwards, it reminded him of the walk into hell before it all opened before him. The inside was large, but empty. Only a few people sat on the benches as they waited for their subway to come and pick them up. The trains themselves reminded the demon of a long grey bullet.
"Then there's no time to waste," Baal murmured, hoisting the skinny angel up into his arms.
"Will this make me one of Heaven's traitors?"
Sam and Bailey looked at one another in shock and confusion before looking back to the angel who shook her head and laughed.
Cham nodded, inspecting the scar right between the hunters eyebrows.
She cleared her throat, taking a seat now in the chair settled before his large desk.
"Flip it" Cherm whispered to the doctor, Cain did this without hesitation. His jaw dropped, burned into the back of the canvas were words in a language Cain had never seen before.
His knuckles came in contact with it’s stomach, sending the demon backwards but it leapt at him again. Its face contorted to show its long black fangs, black eyes narrowed. It leaped towards Baal, teeth sharp as knives. He went to swing at the man only to be kicked from behind by a pair of hard boots.
Chamuel shook his head, sitting up as well. Their beds nearly touching, Chamuel could make out the shocked look on the other's face.
"You think I'm afraid of a bullet?" She hissed,
"Was that a reference?"
“Look man, we don’t have much. We either trust the guy and face the music later or tell him to screw off and be trapped in the same spot we were! Or worse,”
Looking down at the trinket in his hands, it was a small golden necklace. It shone in the lights of the room, four circles that touched each other but didn’t meet in the middle, the big circles held another small circle inside that didn’t have an opening inside it like the bigger circles. The four smaller circles all seemed to be facing the same direction, to the right.
“Hey! Been awhile, brother,” Israfil chuckled, his voice sounded like honey.
"Donnie, you son of a bitch," Cain grinned, he had a feeling the lighter would come in handy as he flicked it open, pressed down on the green button and let his thumb brush on the wheel, sending sparks into every direction as the world lit up around the small flame. Unfortunately it hardly made a dent in the deep shadows.
Abel now turned his head to look at the other, “Do you think that’s why she’s all over you?” He asked, tilting his head.
“Yeah, he...well before he died, he thought Mr. Vess was a…” waving his hand in the air as he attempted to find the words, “Neko...no...Necromancer? That guy had balls, he’d say that to Mr. Vess’ face. But what cool wizard uses a snow globe to control his magic? It just sounded dumb,”
"Shut up," Baal hissed to Chamuel, putting a finger to his lips. It was as though he and Bailey were one entity as they crept slowly forward. Chamuel followed with them, confusion in his eyes as they made for the small area of trees just past the spider bushes. Chamuel was able to make out the hunter standing beside a large oak tree despite the darkness of the night. That's when his heart sank to his stomach.
"I...don't know,"
The teens didn't seem to notice Abel's entrance as they stood around a small table chatting.
"Now, wake up,"
"I deserve a soul mate! I haven't done anything terrible for at least a year,"
"Cham…" The angel of music whispered but it was ignored.
Chamuel smiled slightly, “Spoken like a Winchester,” he murmured.
Bailey sat in the front seat of the van, Baal filled her in on what he thought was happening. He worried a demon was manipulating Abel, acting as a friend or worse. This sent Bailey into a rage,
His father scoffed, "you want to give up everything for some slut?"
"For killing the devil?"
Chamuel's eyes snapped to white, "dirt!" War thought, He looked down at the grass, at the marks in the earth Abel had made to patch up some of the flames. He turned to see Obizuth slowly move the large black mass to the end of the skyscraper. Chamuel's eyes grew wide, he shoved his hands into the dirt turning it white under his grip, the ground exploded around him. Showering the fire in patches of grass and wet soil, the flames flickered and settled down just enough he could unleash his wings.
"Ma'am," Baal said nervously, stepping into the room and holding out a hand. She shook it vigorously, "Hello, Baal?" She asked with a tilt of her head.
Robin smiled at this, shaking his head.
"Around his neck," Abel replied with a groan, running his fingers through his long hair before folding up the paper to pocket it.
Warm, molten lava dripped onto the blonde's heart turning it to fire. He wrapped his arms around the hunter, holding him close with a small sigh of relief as he finally allowed the feelings to swirl through him.
"I wasn't even considering it honestly," Chamuel admitted, feeling stupid now that they hadn't tried to clean up their tracks.
"Alright, sit down! Everyone but the king," Hahasiah barked from behind the group, shoving her way to the front of everyone, "Around the circle!"
"But I saw multiple doctors," she raised an eyebrow at him, "why was it just yours that did that?"
"Where?"
Chamuel narrowed his eyes, he felt the power rising up under his skin, panic flashed in his mind until he felt something against him. Glancing down at Abel who had taken a step back so their arms touched as he glared into the darkness. Taking in a few breaths he felt the power calm down yet again, just as he relaxed the coyotes leapt from their hiding spots.
The blonde stepped out of the shadows with a grin on his lips, “I saw!” He chuckled,
"Yeah an’ we don't have any reports here. I've been keepin' my eyes open for it. I knew them things were some kind'a demon" Butch said, scratching his head.
"Oh thank god, that's my favorite one,"
"No shit!" Cain shouted, taking a few more steps back as the wolf leapt at them. Abel and Chamuel split, causing the werewolf to land where they stood only moments before. Abel smashed the baseball bat into the side of the beast's head causing it to howl in pain and agony, turning its head to the hunter and biting at him.
Donnie let him go, looking embarrassed now, “You messaged us...what a week ago?” He glanced at Chamuel who shrugged, it was hard to keep up with everything going on that Abel had almost completely forgotten about it.
Sam watched Baal type out a long message, feeling his heart swell at the support the demon was sending to his nephew. Glancing up at the other with a small smile,
"What...do I get?" He whispered to Mishka who looked at him puzzled.
"This is all my fault," Chamuel sobbed, Baal looked the other over for a few heart beats.
The storm rumbled, shaking the home as they moved. The lights flickered above him as he followed up the stairs, he felt an ominous presence just as he did the other night. Glancing around himself his foot made contact with the step only for it to fall in,
"Millie!" Gretchen shouted, the little girl clung to the horse, having been strapped into the saddle to keep her from falling. Tears raced down her cheeks as her straw colored hair fell in her face, screaming and wailing as the pack continued to chase the other horses. Snapping their sharp, wolf-like teeth at the animals.
Bailey let out a soft groan of pain, her skull felt as if it had been chopped down the middle with an axe. Blood had pooled on the floor by her mouth but she was alive, the ground was dusty and cold under her hands. She sat back, her mind confused as she squinted against the darkness around her. She spotted Baal's frame not far from her, he laid in an awkward position on the floor. It all came rushing back to her as she crawled over to the other.
"Yeah, we're special agents Nicholas Angel, and this is Danny Butterman," the two held up the fake badges, the woman glanced over them for a few seconds.
"God sees you, Baal. They see all you're doing, all those you saved,"
Sam pulled out a small bottle of sanitizer, using it quickly before getting on the back of the others bike.
"That's the little Dipper," Chamuel said with a chuckle,
"Mark!"
"Let's put a pin in that," Sam said, standing up and making his way to his nephew.
"I think I'm going to sleep for a good week at this point," Abel whispered to the blonde. Chamuel turned and smiled at him, that was the last thing he saw before slipping into sleep.
"Yeah, and you try to stay on the path," Sam explained the rules the best he could despite his words slurring together.
"Didn't...the principal Mr…"
"I have a better idea," Bernard said, "Instead of bringing the darkness to the Grotto, why not to Wolfsbane?" The saint turned his head to face the opposite way, nodding down the road where a different farm was settled. It looked bigger than the Grotto with large, angry claw marks scratched into the dirt below.
"Yeah? And I said I'd never seen it before. And Butch said he hadn't either,"
Abel pushed his ear against the phone, his and Chamuels cheeks being shoved together causing the angel to chuckle. He found Abel didn’t have many personal space bubbles, in fact, the man was often touching everyone and everything.
"Abe?"
The saint landed on his shoes with a snarl, his human vessel popped, the skin crawled as darkness covered the man's hands. Black veins settled in the other's face as he glared daggers at Cain and Mishka.
***Tooth pulling warning, it's been marked in fic
"He's...a little too childish for me, besides, I don't date transgender men."
The lionheart turned on her heels, climbing back into the front of the car with a groan. She raced through the messages on her phone but ultimately ignored everyone, pulling up her mothers contact information and hitting the call button. She placed her cell on the popsocket holder that was jammed into the vent, leaning back against the seat as another wave of nausea passed through her. She'd been feeling sickly the past few days but thought nothing of it, it wasn't uncommon for her to get a stomach bug, especially when she got stressed out.
“Be...Gone!” Chamuel shouted, his voice filled the room, it was as though God had come down and spoken for him. The once nasily voice sounding strong and ferocious.
"How do you even know? If the Adinkra hadn't picked, how would you know?" Israfil growled from where he laid on the floor, attempting to get up only to have Obizuth slammed her high heeled shoe onto his back. Shoving him back to the floor with a painful grunt.
The two climbed a few more levels up before giving up once more. They stepped from the building, Abel's hair started to get messy again as the gel lost its hold. The hours had ticked by and both men were feeling the anxiety of not finding the Adinkra.
"Donnies a werewolf and he ran into the city, I gotta go find him,"
"I was doing research, Is," Chamuel whispered, "it's all I've been doing all week."
"Yeah, I know Bailey!" He laughed, shaking his head. Norma started singing quietly to the song on the radio,
Donnie didn't answer, Israfil picked at his hands in an attempt to keep his anxiety down as they walked through downtown New York.
Sam and Bailey turned to look at one another and turned back to the woman. Dutch rolled her fingers through her long, shaggy hair
"I might have," She stared daggers at Cain, he hesitated. She wasn't wearing much, her clothes were ripped apart and tattered with only a blanket around the baby. He watched as Mishka pulled off her comfortable, thick jacket and handed it to the woman who took it with a bright grin on her face.
"Earth to Abel!"
"Yeah, we saw this light! Heard this insane music," the other pipped up, eyes falling to the guitar around Israfil.
She felt someone's hand on her shoulder, looking up with a tearful look she saw Abigail. The woman held out a small golden locket,
“No thanks,”
"I just need your soul," he whispered, Abel pushed away from the man.
“Shit,” He growled, “I don’t remember Abel’s number,”
"Is that all you got?!" Booker shouted, causing Ancitif to leap to his feet with wide eyes. The dogs all froze in confusion as a few of the others leapt up,
"Uh," Israfil watched the screens, eyes focused on the large creature as it reverted back to it's human form. Someone snapped their fingers a few times causing the angel to return his attention to the two men.
"What?" Abel shot the man a look of shock and confusion.
"Yeah, he's...got a long work day," Sam said with a chuckle, he hadn't told Abel about Cain yet. He wasn't sure how to bring it up actually, he'd tell him when they got to the living room.
"Even if you get a signal it's not like the cops can kill these things," Abel huffed, scrolling through his music in an attempt to play Chamuel's favorite songs. He wasn't sure why this thought occurred but it put him a tad at ease to hear the tunes that the angel occasionally sang too.
"No, mother," He whispered, and she gave him a small smile. She wrapped her arms around him, cuddling her face into his chest.
"Stop," Cain complained, sitting up with a glare towards the other.
“Well I was a little busy trying not to be turned to bones,” She snapped at him, shoving him away from her causing the man to nearly fall back.
The teenager sat back to give the men some room as they climbed out, Israfil groaned as the cold wind of the night shook into his core.
"What does that mean?" Donnie demanded, glancing from Israfil to his father and back to Mammon.
The werewolf eyed him before slowly nodding his head. Robin didn't hesitate to remove the clothes from over the Wolf's giant maw. Not worried if he got bit,  tugging it out of the animal's teeth until the wolf was free, he slowly stood on four shaken paws. Panting deeply from stress as he looked at Robin, then to Danjal and back.
“What do you mean?”
"No, I'm just nauseous," she replied, "I'm just getting a little sick,"
The man crossed his arms over his chest and stepped back, "prove it," he said.
Donnie looked a little shocked his father knew who Israfil was but at the same time he shouldn't be shocked! His father was one of the most knowledgeable hunters on the planet at the moment.
He uploaded the video, eyes trained on the uploading screen.
"Harder? Yes!" Danjal chuckled, "But I always liked things a little rougher,"
"We're opening his third eye,"
"Whatever, you know how to talk to them."
"It might not be for long," Abel mused as he made his way back to the other. Examining the dents in the iron. Their breathe collected in the air as another person stepped into view, Abel held up the golf club only to nearly drop it.
“Hey I’m going to hit the restroom,” Abel said, nodding to the gas station the trio had been parked at for the past few hours.
"Bailey," he choked out, "that Adinkra is my gift to you," he reached up a shaken hand and placed it palm side down over the trinket that she held. Their palms connected as a rush of energy rolled into her system.
"Abel, hey, wake up man." She said, shaking him a bit harder. His eyes blinked open, he took in a deep breath as if he hadn't been able to breathe which caused her to jump back slightly in surprise. He sat up, quickly, blinking against the harsh sunlight. His pupils were wide, the blood on his head raced down to his chin. He took in a few more breaths, groaning painfully and placing a hand on his head.
At the mention of his brother's soul he felt a spark of determination, still clenching the stapler he used what was left of his strength and slammed it against Lucifer's head causing the man to holler in agony as the staple that smacked into his turned to a shining gold. The devil ripped his arm out of the other causing Cain to collapse, wheezing on the floor. He couldn't move anymore, he was dying.
"Sit on the toilet," she said, opening her case on the bed and digging through it. Robin did as he was told, pulling the bow off himself and leaning it against the wall across from him. He was nervous but she could see a spark in him, something she couldn't place.
Abel blinked a few times, glancing around the office but falling short. He felt useless now as he tried to think of what Sam would do, that is, until his eyes fell on the desk in front of him. A can with a small tip, the blue letters on the side read 'canned air: do not huff'.
“We’re are you?”
Danjal turned to face Robin with a serious note in his voice "I'm...sorry I'm not exactly well versed in...emotions," he started, "But...for you I'm trying,"
He turned his attention to his leg and back to Chamuel, he had to save his Lionheart. He had too.
"How 'bout this!" She shouted, her voice sounded like Israfil causing Donnie to take another step back. He logically knew that it wasn't Israfil, didn't smell like him, had his warm eyes, the glint in his gaze when he smiled. Yet an instinct, a deep seeded loyalty held him back as if the wolf inside him couldn't understand what was going on.
"I guess," Abel whispered, jumping to his feet and picking up his boots.
His Adinkra was glowing bright in the lights of the home, it started to float in the air and tug itself outward. The group remained silent as Israfil got to his feet, he felt a push on his skin. Making his way to a sliding glass door that opened to a tiny patio, the Adinkra hummed softly as it knocked itself against the glass.
"Angels game," Chamuel laughed, "October, hopefully we'll still be alive by then." He murmured, feeling his face heat up.
The sun casting down its warmth as the afternoon came and went, causing Donnie to yawn, “This is a lot more boring than I expected,” he mused as the three sat in a small cafe. Having decided to get sandwiches for a late lunch, attempting to understand exactly what was happening in the town.
"I am!" Donnie snorted, laughing, tossing the cards down with a grin.
"I...think I need a pregnancy test, and I don't want to go alone,"
Cain glanced up from his work, giving a grin "It's my favorite Cartoon," He chuckled. Abel looked as if he were going to explode with excitement,
“And action!” Donnie said, holding up a large video camera with a smile clean across his features.
Abel stood in front of the man who was looking at his fake ID, then back to Abel.
"I'll ask him! See what I can do, I can also ask my grandfather too. The pair were a father son hunting team before my Dad became the church pastor after my great grandfather passed," Donnie explained, though he silently figured he'd ask his mother who seemed to have her hand more in the spiritual side of hunting. Bailey visibly lit up, throwing her arms around him and hugged him tight, nuzzling her cheek against his chest before pulling away and fixing her hair.
"And wars wings will signal the end,"
"What?"
"I'm coming Abel," He shouted, his voice sounded as if it had an echo. the devil loomed over the hunter. Abel held the gun up but froze as it jammed, "Oh fuck," He hissed, knocking it lightly against his palm. The devil was nearly on him, its teeth jetting forward. Ready to stab into the others eyes and face, wanting to rip his head clean from his body. Long tongue reaching down to lap at the brunette's features. Its spit splashing against his pale face, "Aw come on man" He growled
"I'm listening," he said, his grip calming.
His grace faltered, wings flapping desperately against the monster's strength but it was no use as the giant jaws tore from the depths, ready to swallow the two men completely whole. Donnie thought quickly, the jaws only inches as he held the spray can.
With wings of gold, the king will fall. The war will win..."
"Alright!" The man said from the front as he pulled into the parking lot of the large, blue store. It towered high in the cloudy skies above, Bailey stepped out of the car and glanced around her. The clouds above looked angry, dark, a chill raced against her bare legs and ruffled her long skirt.
"I think I know the perfect one!" Fran said with a grin.
"Tracker! I've been developing it for a few years, let's hope the battery lasts,"
He was back in the fight only seconds later, Israfil pulled the guitar forward. His eyes turned bright as he started to play his song, Donnie followed behind him. Cain watched from the side with wide eyes but no one paid him any mind as the werewolf didn't seem to be going down. It snapped at the group with giant teeth, growling and spitting in rage.
***NSFW OVER**
Abel's heart stopped, they were in an old attic that looked as if it hadn't been touched in years. long, straight marks covered the old, rotted wooden floors and kissed the walls. He spotted a few bookshelves whose books had been thrown all over, dried blood spotted the floors around it. A few shelves, a bed and boxes of old food sat against the walls. The boxes of food had been torn open, old, rotten food stank up the room but there was another smell that Abel couldn't put his finger on. The soft sound of rushing water could be heard as if there was a hidden waterfall in the room.
"You got it Cham!" Iggy grinned, Chamuel gave the teen his cell number and shut off the phone call. Popping the address into the GPS app.
Cain leapt into the room, holding a hand out for Abel who took it. Helping him climb in the men glanced around, the room was so small but didn't seem to have a door. Abel kicked the dust under his feet as he made for a few boxes, opening them with a groan of frustration. Cain followed, glancing down at the piles of Christmas ornaments.
"You delivered my message,"
"Amaryllis said she was making dinner," Eve sang out as Cain drove down the freeway.
But Chamuel pushed him away twice now, he couldn't have felt it. Abel shut his eyes tight, feeling tears burn as he prepared himself for the heartbreak.
“W-What?” Chamuel asked, blinking awake now, the sun was high in the sky. It cast bright lights onto the black car, bouncing it back into the angels face causing him to groan unhappily.
"Donnie! Look out!" Israfil shouted as the wolf went to crush the man, the angel of music flew at the beast. Taking the blow with a painful yowl as he was thrown backwards into the snow.
Abel's eyes flickered open, groaning inwardly as he sat up from the motel bed. Sunlight peeked out from behind the blinds, how long had he been asleep? The night before really drained him, he pulled his cell phone out and nearly dropped it.
"Do you think…?" Chamuel whispered
Danjal let the words play through his skull for a short time.
"We….tell everyone it's fake?"
“Aw come on Cham!!” Abel laughed out, flipping the music on as they took to a different freeway.
"Or maybe I just know what I'm doing," He replied bluntly, she blinked a few times in surprise. Pressing her lips together before moving attention back to the group. He felt Danjal give him a confused look but ignored it.
"Bailey, I need to use my horns!" He grunted, she nodded and pushed her head down between his wings. She buried her face into his neck as the man's horns connected hard with old, moldy wood. They exploded from the trap door that had been hidden from view in the center of the corn field.
He turned to the familiar voice, Arphaxat smiled at him. His blonde locks seemed to bounce more than normal today as he walked up to the other.
"Well I do have the world's largest black eye,"
"Why is this here?" Cain asked out loud,
"No, nothing." Wincing as Mishka removed the ice pack, returning it a few seconds later.
“I didn’t know you played,” Abel said, smiling at the other.
"That's a fear of height, Stark,"
"Big nose Bob?"
"What does 'the world has no weight' mean?" Ancitif finally asked, assuming the man was done chatting due to his silence. He looked towards Fran, the man looked asleep. The door opened at the station,
"Hello?" He called out as he sat up, looking around in confusion.
Chamuel bit his lip, leaning back into the chair with a nod towards the two.
"No way," Chamuel watched as Abel uncovered a small moped, it was sitting in the middle of the garage beside the Impala, it's black and blue paint stood out against the grey concrete.
It was a question he'd been pondering over all day, she smiled at him in a way that confused him.
Suddenly the hum of a harp blasted around them, both of them froze. They were only a few blocks from the truck in a small neighborhood, a few kids playing in the street lights still.
"Are you going to help me?" Danjal asked the small, gray cat. The animal simply purred in response, the demon reached down and picked up the cat. She nuzzled herself against him as he made his way to the small bedroom.
They stepped into the bright, flashing lights, women with hardly anything covering their bodies stood on the stage before them. They trotted to and fro, moving between men who sat blankly at tables. The music played above, the strippers danced on poles, their bodies moved in a rhythmic fashion yet not a word was uttered by anyone. The discomfort of the silence caused the three to stop and look around with a confused gaze, Abel glanced up at Chamuel with a puzzled expression. His pupils were large, taking over most of the green in his gaze which sent another flood of dread to roll into his veins.
“Umhm, I understand. Say no more Dean, I can handle it by myself and I’ll get someone to cover for Cas. You just worry about getting him home.”
The clerk nodded as she got onto the computer. “Ah yes, Mr. and Mr. Smith, I have you in here at cabin 11.” She pulled a card with a key off of a hook behind her. She handed it to Dean with a smile. “You are going to love it. Thank you for choosing us for your honeymoon.”
This turned out to be a lot longer than I meant it to be. I worked on it off and on for a while I struggled deciding where I was going with it.
“No,” He growled. “You can’t mean that.”
“Oh no, he’s fired as far as I’m concerned but that’s not why I called.”
He rubbed his eyes. “I don’t even remember what I was dreaming about.”
He looked at the photo. Anna got on the bar’s Facebook page and was looking at the pics. “Yeah, that’s him!”
“We’ll take as long as you need. I’ll take in through the back and you can hang in the office until you’re ready.”
Michael held up his hand. “I want all the angels.”
“Well, you married a woman when you forgot who you were, you made out with Meg, slept with April, and I just assumed you liked women.” He shrugged. “I never have seen you so much as cast a second glance at a dude so… and…” He sighed. “I didn’t think I was worthy.”
Castiel looked at Lucas who nodded at him. “We got forever, Cas. I can tell you’re tired. We should do this again.”
Sarah came running in with a medkit in her hand. “What’s wrong?”
“Okay, honey.” He said. He picked up Castiel’s bag he looked back as Castiel looked back at the bear. He licked his lips and was getting ready to tell Cas just to bring it when Castiel said.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked at him with his lust blown eyes. “What is it?” He asked his voice breathless. Castiel was ready and needy.
The angry man looked at him. He huffed. “You, you’re the pet angel aren’t you?” He sneered. “I heard you weren’t anything to worry about.” He laughed. “An angel! I can make so much off of you too.”
“My boyfriend? What you going deaf on me, Sammy?”
“No, doesn’t bother me at all. I have a few female friends myself.”
Amara chimed in.
“I am a beekeeper. My bees made that honey that you enjoyed.”
“Oh, they will be here.” He looked at Sam. “Moose, I am looking forward to Dean’s bachelor party.”
“Damn,” Crowley muttered as the shaking stopped. “The hell was that?”
He shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t know.” He laughed humorlessly. “Adam  you see, he felt bad for you said you looked all sad and depressed.” He sighed. “And I agree. Sure your actions caused me to be in the Cage for so many, many, years but… it was also a blessing.” He smiled faintly. “I got to meet Adam I got to see… how humanity is.”
He smirked. “Got a good buzz going?” He asked as he opened the container for him
“No!” Dean shouted.
“Okay, that will be twelve dollars even.” She took the card and ran it.
Castiel looked over the ornaments. Most of them were aesthetically pleasing but he wasn’t sure what the point was in this human practice of decorating a pine tree. He looked at lights. Some of them were turned on to demonstrate their functions. He stared at them and tilted his head at the blinking lights.
Thanks for reading. I have another long week ahead of me next week so there may not be an update. It depends on how I feel.
“Are you sure the house is clean enough?” Dean asked as he fluffed a pillow on the couch again.
Castiel shook his head and continued. “So the next day, while he was at work I stuffed what I could into a backpack. I drained all the money I had out of our account. I stole what he had laying around and I left. I wanted to call home but he tossed away my contact book. I don’t even know where my family is. I just started a long journey back home. The money drained fast as I used it to keep food in my stomach and a roof over my head for the night. By the time I got to Ohio, I had burned through all my money. After that, I did what I could to make it. I hoped on trains to sneak in a ride, or hitched rides with truckers as I went. That’s how I got here a trucker dropped me off and I walked into town.” Castiel sighed. He looked physically drained.
Castiel blinked and Dean chuckled with embarrassment. “Really? You want me to stay with you?”
Dean cut him off. “Shut up.” He glared at him. Anger boiled in his heart. What was the point in it? The love he felt for Castiel was fake. Just some sick game for Chuck.
“I’m just afraid I will scare him off. It’s not like I have had much luck in the dating department.”
“No, Gabe, he seems to be sick.” Castiel snapped at his brother
Castiel started to clean his face. His eyes intense as he stared into his own
Castiel smiled. “Thank you, Kelly. I was going to bring something but Lucas told me not to.”
“No, I don’t want you to feel that you have to say it just because I did. If you want to just be friends then I’ll,”
He heard him laugh. He searched the bar for him and spotted him in the corner with some young blond woman hanging off of him. He frowned. Castiel didn’t want to spend time with Dean like this. He felt… a twinge of jealousy in his heart as the woman giggled as he smiled at her. He found himself wishing Dean would look at him like that. He sighed. He had thought he buried these feelings a long time ago, but no when it came to Dean there was no burying of these feelings.
He hung up his phone and smiled. It was going to be nice to have Christmas as a family. Like a real family. Not him and Dean without a Christmas tree and stolen presents. No shaving cream and porn like they did one year an actual Christmas. He could remember as a child feeling sad and jealous of all the kids who got gifts and had a proper real Christmas with family. Sure they had a few dinners with Bobby and Pastor Jim had provided them with toys from time to time but he wanted what the other kids had. He sighed. Now as an adult he could finally get the nice family Christmas he wanted as a child. He needed to start Christmas shopping. He opened up Amazon on his laptop and went to work finding the best presents.
He stood by him humming tunelessly rubbing his arms watching him relax.
“What? No, I’m not kicking you out.” He placed his hands on his shoulders. “I want you to take a vacation. That’s all. Get away from the Bunker, get away from hunting, just getaway.”
Castiel sighed. “Pretty spot on.” Dean of course didn’t notice that he was talking about him. Maybe he should tell him the truth. “Dean,”
He snickered. “Yeah, I didn’t know when he was going to ask I just knew he was going to.”
“Their last name is Novak. He’s got a sister though so hard telling if she’s gotten married and changed her last name. The last time he saw them they were living in Kansas City.”
“Thanks…” He sighed deeply. “You are a good man. You… you just make me feel so safe.”
“Yes, he is.” He walked into the room. “Thanks again, doctor.”
He laid there staring at the back of his head for a minute. He didn’t know what to do. He knew what he wanted to do but he didn’t think Dean would like it much.
“I ain’t jealous. I just assumed that,” he licked his lips and laughed. “If we had only talked about our feelings we could have avoided a lot of this.”
Dean gave a soft smile and nodded. He seemed to be unbothered by this piece of information. “Awesome, does she help you out with the business?”
Bobby Singer was the owner of the bookstore. Despite his gruff look and ever-present ball cap, he was a big-time reader. He collected and traded books. His big draw to his store was a book exchange where people would bring in old books and would get new ones. It was how he kept product flowing. Though he did get new products from time to time. Dean and Sam spent a lot of time in this bookstore growing up. Bobby and John turned into good friends once John settled in and Bobby was like an Uncle or a second father to them. “Dean,” Bobby greeted. “I ain’t seen you in here in like forever.”
“Dude, if you want to talk about it I’m here.”
She shook her head. “No, first of all, you have a head injury, and two it isn’t safe in these woods. You need to sit down and wait for me to come back.” She pointed at the tree where he was at. “I’ll give you my radio and you can call for help. By the time they come up here, everything will be done.”
Dean patted him on the shoulder. “Relax, baby. I’ll help you get it all done.”
“Oh, are you ready for that?”
He shrugged. “I wouldn’t consider my lips to be pouty.”
This will be the final chapter of the story. I was going to do an epilogue as well, but I feel the story is complete with this chapter.
“It is important that you get rest.” He nodded at the bed that Dean was sitting on.
She rolled her eyes. “Fine, Uncle. I will be upstairs doing homework and such.” She started up the stairs. “I will need the internet though.”
He sighed as he worked on his coffee. “I was checking on Eileen. I told her to go check on the Bunker.”
He put his phone up and Sam pulled out a nice shirt out of the clothing rack. He frowned at it.
Bobby stopped shoveling and looked at him. “Well, for someone who may not like you; he gave you the most lovey-dovey expression I have ever seen.” He said with a wink
“I remember it. The joy I felt and the pain at the thought of losing you.” Tears welled up in Castiel’s eyes as he remembered his pain. “I was so afraid I would never be with you again. Dean, the feelings I feel for you are real.” He breathed. “Chuck isn’t a creative enough writer to write a love story like ours.”
“Oh, uh,” He blushed. He frowned at the flowers. That was the trouble with being so well known in town, there wasn’t a lot he could keep secret. Someone told someone who told someone else and boom then everyone around him knew. Not that he was keeping Cas a secret. He was out and proud and had been that way for years.
“I knew you weren’t.” He held up a thing of gauze. “I got to change your bandages.”
“Happy?” She scoffed. “You got here because you are happy? What,” She shook her head. “I hope whatever landed you here was good.” She huffed
“Why not?” He shrugged. “You seem interesting, plus you’re hot.”
He sighed and shook his head. “No, that train has long since left the station.”
“I know that’s where angels and demons go when they die?”
Castiel winked at him. “Because I can never turn down a pretty face.”
They walked down to the first hole. Castiel decided to go first. He swung hard missing the ball and almost sending the club sailing through the air. Dean almost fell to the ground with laughter. He swung again and missed all the while Dean laughed. “If you think you can do better then let me see.” Castiel huffed. He picked up his ball and walked off
He felt his face burn. “I… can.” He sighed. “It’s just so awkward Sammy.”
The pair arrived at the far house and they headed in. In no time family and friends arrived and Sam himself showed up. Before everything started Dean wanted to make a speech. He stepped up on a podium that Castiel had set up for him. He cleared his throat. He felt nervous but soon Castiel’s hand found his and all the worry and doubt melted away.
“So you aren’t down there leading?”
“I think it’s touching.” Sam said.
Dean went to speak but the waitress returned with their drinks. He shot her an annoyed look then went back to speaking. He took a sip of his coffee. “Good stuff.” He muttered. “I work as a mechanic. But I also teach at the vocational school.” He smiled. “Training future generations of mechanics.”
“That’s what I was thinking.” Sam said. “We should start packing.”
He laughed. “Remind me not to piss her off.”
Castiel decided to let it go. Dean was a human and humans were complicated. He watched as Dean dug out their bags focusing on his words. ‘I could have done worse’ What exactly did that mean? He followed Dean to the door of the cabin his head was still spinning.
He snapped his head so quickly he almost hurt his neck. “What? I mean no… I…”
“I did.” He gasped and nodded. “It was… whew no wonder you were trying so hard to get me to lose my virginity.”
Castiel smirked. “I might get jealous.”
“Do we not have any hiking gear?” Castiel asked as Dean checked the shotgun for bullets.
“Oh.” He nodded. “I hope we had a lovely wedding then.” He tried to use humor to calm Dean down. He didn’t know if it would work, but he had to try something.
“Get a room.”
“Does he have a name?”
Dean enjoyed the sight of him beneath him. He quickened his pace pulling sounds from Castiel he didn’t know was possible. His head tilted back. “Oh, this feels so good.” He groaned. His dick was rock hard now. He desperately wanted to jerk himself off.
“Yes, but,” He sighed. “I… Dean got stabbed. He’s fine though …” He sucked in a breath. “I was so scared, Sam.” He admitted. His voice trembled as he felt a tremendous weight off his shoulders. “I… when I was an angel I could heal people when someone got hurt but now… I didn’t know what to do. If Sarah wasn’t there he would have died.” He all but sobbed
“Dude, they got pie.” Dean smiled
There was silence between them. “So… you and Dean are uh,” Lucas brought his hands together. “Like together now?”
It was the weekend, his favorite part of the week when he didn’t have to get up at the ass crack of dawn and go to work. He was free to be him. He started his morning routine. A generous cup of coffee, a plate of eggs, then some yoga followed by his morning run. While he did yoga nearly every morning he only had time to do his runs on the weekends. He was already in his workout gear, he wore a baggy shirt and running shorts for the trip. He tied his running shoes and took off.
He raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean, Sam?”
“This old house isn’t going to know what to do with so many people.” Sam laughed.
Sam came in again without knocking.
“Yeah.” Sam scoffed as he closed the back of the SUV. “You know, Dean.” Sam started. “I want you to know I do like Cas. I don’t have a problem with you two dating.”
They both blinked stunned by what she said.
He chuckled. “It’s fine. Lucas he uh, told me if I did anything to hurt you he would break my jaw and I’m pretty sure he meant it.”
“The ride will be here soon,” Anna said
“I seem to remember you said in the hundreds.”
“Oh.” Sam said and left it at that.
“I am fine I guess.” He walked into the large home. There are times he can barely believe he grew up in this home. It was a large brick home that was also passed down through the family. He was never sure how his mother got it. She came from a decent sized family but was the youngest of the four siblings. Castiel had always assumed his Grandfather pitied them, maybe that’s how they got the home.
It had been quiet for the last few months. After they got their mother and Jack back from the other world things had been kind of quiet. Most hunts were taken care of rather quickly now that they had several hunters in the bunker as well as an angel and a Nephilim. For the first time since Dean could remember they actually had time to do things together as a family. They even celebrated thanksgiving with Jody and the girls this year and that was something they hadn’t done in ages.
Dean laughed again as he took some of the carrots from him. “I like a little help in the kitchen.”
Another one looked at his back. “Okay, we cut the rebar and transport him to the hospital metal and all.”
Anna jumped in to explain. “We know that you want to stay by Dean’s side, Cas, but we were hoping we could stay too and spend time with both of you.”
“Same.” Gabriel said as he opened the door. “You guys be careful going home. Bye, Mom and Dad. I’ll see everyone at Thanksgiving.” And with that, they were gone.
Castiel scoffed and playfully slapped at his hand. “Stop it.” He laughed. “I haven’t had my coffee yet and it is far too early in the morning.”
“No.” he said gruffly. “I got it.” He walked over to the oven and checked the pizza. The cheese had melted it was done. He pulled it out and heard Castiel’s stomach growl.
“Oh,” Castiel said feeling disappointed.
“Yeah, I manage it and he does a lot of the day to day paperwork. We share responsibilities… he’s just better at taking care of the paperwork than I am.”
He raised his head off of Castiel’s shoulder. “Oh good.” He yawned. “Glad I got six hours of sleep.” He kissed the angel on the cheek
“I hope she’ll get used to me.” He mumbled so low Castiel almost didn’t catch it
He nodded. “It was draining but I did it. It’s asleep now and hopefully stays that way.” He looked at them. “We are ready, Jennifer!” he called out
He grimaced. He thought of his father who was obsessed with it. His father who made them live out of their car, who never let them see a home. Then he thought of how he uprooted and wrecked Lisa and Ben’s life with his nonsense. How could he leave it? It was all he knew. It was his life, it was how he was raised. “I… I honestly don’t know who I am… without it.” He confessed. “I’ve been doing it for so long it’s uh, it’s… sometimes I feel like that’s all there is. Dean Winchester is a hunter and nothing else.”
The bartender was still standing there smiling. Castiel was confused did he not hear him? He opened his mouth to repeat himself. The bartender winked at him. “Listen, I got to go but,” he took a napkin and wrote down a number. “Here’s my number, you uh, you know want to leave your house again sometime this decade then give me a call. I know this great burger joint and food is wonderful I’d love to take you out sometime.” He slid the napkin towards him. “My name is Dean by the way.” He said with a wink.
“Are you… adjusting okay? You know with the whole human thing?”
“Nice tie.” Rowena said to Castiel.
“This is all of your legal documents. Birth certificate, social security card, everything you are going to need to get uh, a driver’s license.” He glanced at Dean. “And you know a… mirage license.”
He was pulled out of the ambulance. The paramedic looked down at him. Light surrounded the man’s face and for a brief moment, he looked like Cas. “Cas? Cas?” He called he reached out forgetting he had been strapped onto the bed for safety reasons.
Dean’s breathing was shaky as he climbed into the backseat with him. It had been years since he got it on in the car. He pulled his shirt off along the way.
Dean wasted no time removing them. Excitement built though him along with the sick thrill of the possibility of them getting caught.
Dean looked down at their hands then back at the house. He felt nervous. He didn’t want to go back in there. “Look I… this has been fun don’t get me wrong but I really think I should go home.”
“Thank you.” He sent a text to Dean so he could have his number. “Lucas wants to have dinner… I kind of invited you too.”
Dean nestled further into his boyfriend’s chest and enjoyed the movie. Already this was shaping up to be the best Christmas ever.
“Rowena, who is that?”
She smiled
“Maybe, we could… maybe next time it can be you instead of a coat…”
Dean blushed and Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Yeah, uh, that’s uh, thanks.” He looked at Castiel. “Come on, Cas.”
“What did you do?” Dean asked
He nodded. “Expected me to run the house.” He looked over his shoulder at him. “He viewed me as like a… wife from the fifties. I was to stay home and maintain the house and please him.” He sighed. “He was very controlling.” He turned back to the eggs and bacon and removed them from the stove. He picked up plates from the plate rack.
He chewed on his lips as if thinking. “Well, I uh, wasn’t planning on staying in the area for long I…” He rubbed his arm and sighed. “I’ll do it. At least for a little while until I get money saved up again.”
“Sorry, it took me a while. I missed something on the list.” Castiel confessed
Sam took one of Dean’s hands. “It’s okay, Dean, it’s okay to be upset. He meant a lot to both of us.”
“That would be grand, then we’d only have to worry about Fergus,” Rowena said
Dean almost melted under his touch. “Cas.” He purred as Castiel sucked little bruises on his neck. He would get a lot of looks tomorrow at work. Maybe he would just take tomorrow off. They won’t miss him.
“She wants you to stay doesn’t she?” Anna asked. She looked at Dean gauging his opinion on the fact
Something to Give
“Noise, I hate the noise. So loud.”
“So she’s a regular?”
“I just got Kaia back and now I lose Cas!”
He glanced over at his clock. It was five in the morning. He sighed. He wasn’t going to wake up Cas or at least try not to. He kissed him on the forehead which caused the other man to murmur in his sleep.
“We are looking for Gabriel… but how can Jack help? He doesn’t know how he woke me up the first time.”
Castiel froze he appreciated being admired but… no he didn’t want this. “Listen… I uh, am not interested in a one night stand.”
“Castiel,” Crowley started snapping the angel out of his thoughts.
He drove back home and let himself in. Castiel was on the couch reading with the TV on the news. “Welcome back, Dean.”
Dean stared at him before he opened the car. He glanced at the restaurant and frowned. “We got to go.”
Jack walked into the kitchen with Castiel. “Thank you for breakfast.” Jack said as he pulled up a chair.
Crowley looked at Michael smugly. “Here that Mikey, Cassie here has a soft spot for me.”
Dean felt sick and not just because of them talking about his future with Cas. No, he actually felt sick. He jumped up from the table.
Castiel walked towards Jack’s room. He hadn’t seen him since breakfast and it was nearing lunchtime now. He stopped at Jack’s door. Jack had his door open and was in front of his computer. Castiel knocked on the door gently so he didn’t startle the boy. “Jack, everything okay?”
“No, not a lie, I am Michael the archangel and I am strong enough to put you back to sleep.”
“Actually good?” The man asked
“Avoiding the inevitable doesn’t change things, Dean.”
“Well, I won’t get jealous.” He sipped on his coffee. “I will lay out my cards then. Remember my niece I mentioned? She lives with me. She’s like a daughter to me.” He watched Dean’s reaction.
“I love you too, Dean.”
He scoffed. “You two were talking behind my back? I thought we were friends.”
Dean felt uneasy. He didn’t like this coming off as some superstar or something. He stood up and held out his hand. “I’m Dean.”
Castiel looked at Dean then at Sam. “N-no… I am terribly sorry for uh, this… issue.” He was beet red again
Sam picked up on the second ring. “Hello.”
Castiel watched Dean sleep occasionally glancing at the TV and watching whatever movie was on. Dean slept for several hours before Castiel fell asleep in the chair beside him.
“But what is the point in lying to him that someone is going to bring him presents?”
“Aw, and I was hoping that would work.” He winked
“How did it? How did it miss you?”
The new man, Dean, and Castiel all hit the door with their shoulders but it would not budge.
Dean sighed a sigh of relief seeing his little brother. “Hey.” He said to Sam as he walked into the kitchen after ditching his coat. “Sam, this is Chuck and Naomi. They are Cas’s parents.”
He blinked. “No, I didn’t mean any harm I uh,”
“It’s not my type of food either. More like something Sam would be into.”
“What?”
“Maybe,” he grinned. He picked up the tot. “We got everything?”
He grabbed his phone and made a quick search on the internet. He had never noticed it before. He had assumed that Kline was Kelly’s married name but what if she didn’t change her name when they married? He searched the company online… there it was N and K repairs. Be logo and information. They had been around for such and such years and all the services. He then looked over the section about the owners. He almost dropped his phone. There it was; Lucas’ picture along with Lucas Novak. Holy fuck! He was Cas’s brother he had to be. He set the phone on the table with a thud.
“Hmmm, so you never felt… l-“ He cleared his throat. “Attraction before?”
“Yes?”
“That… that is…” Castiel sighed with a shrug.
He let his body move on its own. He reached up and cupped Dean’s face and leaned in. He placed his lips on his. The garage was filled with the sounds of the music and them kissing. An occasional moan would escape one or the other’s lips along with a mumble of one of their names. They pulled each other close wet chest to wet chest. The kiss deepened even further until Dean pulled away.
Rowena sat at the table and watched them work. “Are those cookies I smell?” She asked as she sniffed the air.
Sam stared at his laptop. He was on the hunt for well, a hunt. They hadn’t been on one in a while and Sam knew that sooner or later Dean was going to start getting anxious about being in the Bunker for so long. He read over the reports looking for something, anything. Soon, he found what sounded like a vamp nest. He scooped up his laptop and went on the hunt for Dean. Last he saw him, Dean had said he was going to watch a movie with Cas in his room. Sam started down the hallway where their rooms were and stopped in front of Dean’s room. He raised his hand to knock but stopped. Castiel and Dean were well in a relationship of some sort. Sam more than a couple of times worried about walking in on the couple. He licked his lips. Truly it was a problem. He didn’t care that they were together but he did care about their privacy… and not wanting to walk in and see one of them naked.
“My uncle is dating one of my teachers. This is pretty awful in my book.” She huffed. She pulled her bag on her shoulder and looked at the clock. She frowned. “Guess I am going to have to sign up for home economics”
“Maybe you two shouldn’t try to force him into something he isn’t ready for yet.” Naomi said
There was silence then Dean asked his voice hesitant. “Would… would Lucas do something like that?”
“Stop the car, Dean.” He grunted. He had had enough of Dean’s nonsense. He didn’t want Dean to set him up with some random woman he wanted Dean and Dean was too dense to see it.
The sheriff stood there before them shotgun in hand. “You sons of bitches!” He shouted. “I was expecting to make good money off that sale.” He pointed the gun at Dean. “I ought to kill you.”
He smiled at him and kissed him on the cheek. “I think so but remind me.”
Castiel let out a frustrated grunt. “Why?” he demanded. He leaned in again trying to get closer to Dean again.
“Oh, so you were planning on moving on?” Curiosity rose up in Dean. He felt a brief moment of panic what if he falls for Castiel and the man leaves?
Castiel walked to the driver’s side. He unlocked the car and reached across the bench seat to let Dean in. He stuck the keys in the ignition and turned them. The car roared to life. Castiel’s heartrate accelerated when he felt the car rumble beneath him. He looked over at Dean his mouth dry. “Are you sure about this?”
She sat down the plates and walked off.
“No, no more deals.” Dean huffed. "I mean it, Sam, just drop it. Just let it be what it is."
Dean laughed when he thought about it. Sam took the engagement ring as well as their mother’s wedding band and told Dean he could have their father’s wedding ring stating that Dean might find himself a nice guy to give it to.
“I’ll take you however I can get you. Okay? If all you want to do is jack me off then fine. If all I can get from you is a blow job then fine.” He sounded desperate. He felt his cock soften some. “If you don’t want to that’s fine. I know you’ve been through some shit so if you don’t want to that’s fine.” He looked away from him. He couldn’t stand to look at him feeling desperate like a teenager trying to get their crush to look at them. “Sorry.”
“No, I want you to get out, process what happened then come back. Sitting here, stewing, isn’t going to help you. Not one bit.” He sighed. “Because I know what it’s like, you’re going to see the bad stuff that happened over and over, and if you get out… if you- you breathe in some fresh air and get out of this Bunker it will help with the healing.”
Sam didn’t live too far from him but he wasn’t in the same neighborhood. His house was a nice ranch style one. It was recently built as was every home in this part of town was the part that Dean lived in was older. He pulled into the garage behind Eileen’s car.
“Oh my god.” Sam said. He rubbed his face with his hands. “You two are too much.”
He scoffed. “Seriously? Dean? You’re two are going to screw while I’m in the room?”
Castiel kissed him on the lips and that was all it took. He was emptying himself into Cas’s hands. He groaned into his mouth and Castiel swallowed the sounds. It was filthy and sexy. It felt so dangerous and risky to have sex in Castiel’s family home but it also thrilled Dean. Of course, Dean would rather be screaming out his name like he did at home but… at least he got off.
He smiled. She was right. He hadn’t been this deep in love before. He thought back to the dinner with Dean the night before. How he smiled despite everything that happened at the party. How he wanted to form a deeper relationship with him and Claire by having dinner together. He sighed.
“And you sir?” She asked him.
“They are helping set up for the reception with Cas,” Donna said. She flinched after she said Cas’s name
The door opened behind them. Castiel watched the door. He could push Dean away and offer himself up. Dean was correct, him dying didn’t guarantee that they would all be safe but he had to do something. He had to try something anything. He stepped forward
Dean bristled at the taunt. He opened his mouth to deal off the Empty but Michael cut him off.
“Remember when I went for a jog that one morning?”
“May I join you?”
“Dean,” Jody called from down the stairs. “Dinner is ready come eat.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “No, I got that. I uh, hired someone to replace Chris.”
Salvation
“No,” He patted her back. “Dean got me to stay.”
He nodded. The two of them boarded the car and headed back to the cabin. On the return trip, Castiel began to notice how desolate the town was. There weren’t many houses along the road to the retreat and most were far apart from one another, and many looked like no one had lived in them in a better half of a decade.
He had purchased himself and ugly sweater which he proudly put on. It was bright red with working Christmas lights. He had gotten a tie for Castiel as well and he couldn’t wait to give it to the angel.
Dean smiled. “Awesome.” He genteelly cupped the back of Castiel’s head as he pulled him in for a kiss. He placed his full lips on his. Castiel forgot his name for a minute as focused on the pressure on his lips. It had been so long since he kissed someone he thought he was going to explode right there and there. Dean pulled away. He wanted to smash his mouth into his again but he tried to control himself. He didn’t want to rush into things. “I’ll talk to you later, Cas,” Dean said as he headed towards his car.
“So how is your restaurant like?” Naomi asked as she stirred her ice tea with her straw
He nodded. He headed over to the coffee pot and poured himself a generous cup. He added creamer and sugar, then joined Dean at the table. “Any new leads?” He asked
Castiel’s hands fumbled with his belt and jeans button. He pulled his zipper down freeing Dean’s aching cock. Pre-come was soaking the front of his boxers.
He laughed. They worked their way through the store. Castiel did find a ten dollar vase he liked and Dean did buy it for him. It wasn’t in Dean’s taste. It was in the shape of a honeycomb with bees on it.
Castiel frowned as he watched Dean pick up his bag. “I…”
Naomi came in with plates and mugs sitting them in front of everyone. “Alright dig in. I’m sure you boys must be hungry.” She said as she sat down
He rolled his eyes again. Trapped for eternity with Crowley was a new level of Hell… but it beat being ripped to shreds by the Shadow. “I don’t have any idea on how to get out though.” He sighed. “This place is ancient and cosmic. By angel standards, I’m not even that old.”
He shook his head. “I don’t want to.”
They got in the car and headed home. Castiel smiled to himself. Lucas was right they were adorable.
Castiel held up his hand indicating for him to wait. He ran downstairs to the old guest room.
He scooped them up and tossed them into a bag that was laying on Dean’s desk. “These are going in the trash.” He turned on his heels and left
“What if you get sick?”
Castiel took the thermometer from her. He walked up to Dean and slide the thermometer under Dean’s arm. It beeped loudly.
made butterflies fly around in Dean’s stomach like it was a spring garden.
“No… I mean, I am I’m just making this for…” He sighed and pointed towards the back. “There’s a homeless guy back there and well figured I would do my good deed for the month.”
Dean smirked. “Oh, is that so? You thinking about food or sex?”
Castiel’s mouth fell open. The guy was flirting with him. Holy crap he couldn’t believe it.
Dean cupped his face. “You look tired.”
“That surprises me.”
“There are so many choices.” He sighed
Dean stopped in his tracks.
“Yes, is that a problem?”
“I’m sure we can find something fun.”
He started up the car then backed out of the driveway. They started their journey early that day. The sun had just started to rise. He was planning on swinging through a drive-through and getting them some coffee and breakfast. When he took trips he liked to start early in the day when there was less traffic. He glanced over at Castiel. He looked tired. His eyes were baggier than usual, he stared out the window deep in thought.
“Sure.” She said pouring him a beer
Sam pulled bitch face number seven on him.
“Yes, you are a ‘big boy’ but you are still fighting off that cold. If you don’t rest and fully recover you will get worse. Now sit and rest.”
Castiel nodded. He looked around the clearing. There weren’t any clear signs of any struggles here. “I don’t believe they were taken from here. If they were there would be broken branches.” He pointed out.
“Damnit, Dean, to track snow into my store.” He grumbled from the back. He walked out with his shovel in his hand. “You got any salt I seem to be out.”
“And that is why I used it.” He said with a wink as he pulled away. “So, uh, what happened to you? We were all so worried about you. You just dropped off the face of the fucking Earth, man. I thought,” He shook his head. “God, I thought that asshole had killed you.”
Thank you all for reading and for the kudos, comments, bookmarks, and everything it means a lot to me :)
“We are almost home.” Castiel said
“Is this okay?” Dean asked as he lined his hole up with Castiel.
“So now we got a timer on our heads.” Sam scoffed. “Great.”
Dean looked up at Castiel as they walked down the hall. He felt hopeful. They could do it they could beat Chuck and Dean could give Castiel forever. He opened his bedroom door. Castiel picked him up and carried him into the room. They covered each other in kisses. The night was theirs. This was a moment eleven years in the making and Dean couldn’t wait to experience all of it. He would make this moment and this love last forever somehow.
Dean sat down on the couch. “Let’s sit watch a movie or something.”
“I’ll get it.” He walked up to the door and opened it.
He rolled his eyes even though Dean couldn’t see them. “You would like that wouldn’t you, Dean?”
“Guity.” Dean gave a half-assed attempt at a shrug. “And you are what? The big friendly mountain man?”
The two of them got out of the car, walked in the restaurant and found themselves a good seat. They ordered their food.
I hope everyone is doing well.
They headed towards the bar in the hotel. Castiel made a quick trip to his room to drop off the painting and the shirt before returning to the bar. He half expected Dean to have every woman and man draped on his arm when he came back but Dean sat at the bar on his cell phone.
Crowley looked at him as if to say ‘what else would I be talking about?’
Naomi bit her lip. “I meant nothing by it, Dean.”
He always ran down the street. His street made a circle, it was about a mile and a half maybe even two miles. He would follow the sidewalk as it would loop and go along the houses behind him then eventually back to his. He stuck in his headphones turning on music. His mind blank, he focused on the pumping pop music as he ran down the street. Neighbors waved, he waved back. Kids were playing in the yard, birds flew overhead, cars puttered down the street. He followed the curve along the sidewalk. It was a beautiful day and nothing could ruin this moment… until a car almost backed into him.
“Oh, uh, yeah.” He patted him on the shoulder. “Yell if you need me.” He said. He walked into the dining room area. He glanced back at Castiel who was sitting on the couch with Alfie. Dean decided to help the Novak family clean up from this morning.
Sam opened the door. He was still getting his tux on. “Come in.” He said
“Yeah, it certainly makes the one back home look like a postage stamp.”
“She was my neighbor growing up. You know how it is when you’re a kid, you walk outside and see another kid and it’s like ‘I’m a kid you’re a kid let’s play’ that’s pretty much what it was. We went to school together. She protected me from the asshole bullies, I was a steady friend. We were always close for years. She uh, she helped me come out to my family and she was the first one who knew.” He smiled. “It was an interesting conversation. I hide the fact I liked both for years and thought it was… a passing thing… a one-off and we were watching a movie and she said,” He laughed. “The main character was hot and I agreed. I remember she paused the movie and asked me if I liked guys too. I was scared I don’t know why I was but I was… we talked through it and that was when I admitted to it. She helped me go over what I was going to say to my parents and it helped a lot.”
“That sounded really dirty the way you said it.” He rubbed his thumb along his hand and smiled
“Jack has Chuck’s powers.”
He stopped him. “No, I’m just a little sleepy is all.”
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. “Why? We can just stay in bed and spend some more time together.”
Sam’s chest ached, he knew about losing the ones you loved, he lost Jess, then he lost Eileen, of course, he got her back but the pain of losing her still stung. “I want to… I want to fix it but, Eileen I don’t know where to start.” He ran his fingers through his hair. He had to somehow help Dean. He didn’t know how he just had to do it.
Alfie looked at him with mild indifference. He extended his hand to him. “What’s up?”
“I don’t know how, but I will,” Dean said. He looked at the door and hit it.
Castiel laid his hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay, Dean.”
“It is okay, Castiel. Not everyone has the same experiences in the dating arena.”
“Hey,” Dean started snapping him out of his thoughts. “What if…” He licked his lips. “What if we stayed here a few more days?”
He nodded to Dean. “Distraction.”
He let out a groan of annoyance as he rolled up his sleeves. He drained the water in the sink as it had long grown cold. The trashcan by the sink was full. He decided to change it while the water was draining. He pulled up the bag and started to head for the back. He wondered if the homeless man was back there still. He didn’t see him when he opened up this morning. All he found was an empty plate by the backdoor with a little thank you note written on a blank piece of book paper. The note was neatly written and somehow the simple
“Glad to see you’re back in the dating game, Clearance.” She said as she sat up. “It’s been what months?”
“I like… someone with sandy hair,” He swallowed realizing he was about to describe Dean. “Freckles, green eyes, pouty lips.”
“No, Anna is excited to meet you. Make a left up here.”
He nodded. “Of course.” Dean handed him the plate and he took it. “They remind me of my childhood. Of simpler times.”
He looked at the pride shirt laying there. He could get that. He purchased the shirt smiling at the energetic woman who probably got hit on every five seconds at this place. Gabriel was invited because of his director work in porn. Something that their parents weren’t exactly proud of. Castiel went on to be a nurse Gabriel works with women dressed as nurses for porn. He never judged his brother for his work. He made a good living directing plus it had perks like trips to Vegas. Gabriel was originally going to bring his wife Kali but she had a wedding to attend thus Castiel came with Gabriel.
Dean laughed although he felt his heart drop for a minute. Did Castiel mean that? Dean knew that he wanted to stay with him forever, but, was he really ready for marriage or was it just something he said due to the endorphins flowing through his veins?
Dean frowned. He knew about the snow and was unsure about Castiel. He licked his lips. It was a good time now to ask him to stay at his place but he lacked the courage. It shouldn’t be this hard for him. They got along well, it was easy he could stay in Sam’s old room and be safe. “So, uh, how is your living situation?”
“I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean sensed he struck a nerve. He didn’t want to upset Castiel.
“Amara… should be able to. She was there when Chuck did it before.” Jack said
“And before we have any confusion I mean I am in love with you, okay?”
“Good. I’ll give you the friends and family discount. What you say to twenty bucks?”
“Yeah.” He gasped. He was coming down from his high. “I love you so much.”
“He never told me. Why didn’t he tell me? We talked so much.” She sniffed again
“Yup, up the road from it.” He huffed. “It’d been easy for him. He could prevent rescuers from going up there, lead tourists that way, have a whole set up.”
“Yeah, I can’t get this tie right.” He grumbled as he looked into Castiel’s eyes in the mirror.
Dean stopped her. “Cas, how about you go see your brother? I’ll help Kelly out.” Dean said
“It’s one hundred and one.” Castiel reported to his parents. He took Dean’s hand which was hot. “I’m here, Dean.” He said softly. He squeezed Dean’s hand. He never wanted to let go of Dean’s hand. He wanted him to know he would be there with him forever.
“We are putting up the Christmas tree.” He smiled. “It was a Winchester family tradition to put up the tree the day after Thanksgiving.”
“What?” Dean almost spilled his drink. “No, dude, I’m not interested in a ‘what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas’ type of thing. I wanted to get to know you.”
“Here, let me get you taken care of.” Dean scrubbed Castiel. He worked on his body then his hair. He saved his hard dick for last. Dean gave it a few good strokes and Castiel was a whimpering mess in his hands.
He nodded as Gabriel pulled away. “I will, Gabe.”
The demon shook his head. “Wait, he killed you?” He asked then scoffed. “Nevermind, why doesn’t that little blighter send you top side now?”
“I heard from Sam that there is a Led Zeppelin cover band performing later this month.” He kissed him back. “Would that be something you would be interested in?”
“Did things go well?” Dean asked breaking the silence between the two of them.
He looked down at the huge stack. “I think you got enough for both us… and possibly Sam. Dude, this is only the first aisle.”
“Dean, everyone needs a staple outfit in their closet. Think of it this way unless you put on weight you have a good outfit for any purpose. Plus they can be worn with other outfits.”
Dean smiled. “Well, she hasn’t met me yet.”
Castiel pulled the items out of the box. They were very old Christmas decorations. One was a ceramic Santa, a box of Christmas tree balls, and a stocking.
Castiel tilted his head. “I don’t understand. Shouldn’t I take care of this body by exercising? I need to keep in shape.”
He raised an eyebrow. “So you…”
He shrugged. “I am not exactly sure. None of us know exactly. We were just created. Perhaps that is what Father did. You saw when he recreated me, correct?”
“Nothing is worse than one of those people who think the opposite sex can’t be friends.” She looked at Dean. “What about you?”
“Um-hm, the homeless guy.”
Castiel took the black box and frowned. He looked at Dean almost like he handed him a bomb. He carefully set it on the table and opened it slowly. His mouth fell open when he saw it. “Dean,” he started. He turned to look at Dean. His face was a mixture of shock and joy.
Sam let him go. “I’ll let Dean know you are here.” He walked away
She pursed her lips. “I’ve never considered myself to be in it, really.”
She smiled. “Sometimes something obvious isn’t as obvious as you think.”
“I will. I will guys.” Castiel sniffed as he got into the car.
Castiel hummed and sat his bags down. “It has an ensuite as well.”
Castiel let out a small gasp. He didn’t mean to it just happened. He stared into Dean’s beautiful green eyes. He wished Dean would see himself as Castiel saw him. The caring self-less man who carried the weight of the world on his shoulders.
“When I almost died in the barn?”
Jack frowned. “I just want everyone to be happy.”
“Yeah?” He asked gruffly as he focused on going up the stairs. “Dude, has this been a hundred stairs yet?”
They worked tirelessly until the tree was assembled. Castiel let out a sigh as they surveyed their work. “Look at that. A good tree.”
“Please, don’t go.” He begged. He looked at him with pleading blue eyes. “I’m so sorry. I’m sorry for Claire’s outburst and for… mom chasing you off like that. Please, forgive me.”
He sat upon his bed and stared at Sam. “Do you know that Cas had a bunch of new clothes in his dresser?”
“Maybe he slept through them.” She teased. “They were so old even Cas thought they were old.” She laughed
“Dean is…” he shook his head. “Dean is in trouble and that’s all that matters.”
He had made a promise to himself after the prayer to Castiel to work on his anger. He nodded at his brother. “That’s good enough for me.”
“Dean, for the love of,” Sam rolled his eyes and leaned towards him and hissed. “I’m not suggesting you sleep with him just ask him to let him stay with you. You can control yourself long enough, right?”
“I love you too.” He moaned as Castiel covered his body with fiery kisses.
“Yes.”
“Save your strength, Dean.”
“Whoa, that is bad.”
“I don’t,”
He rolled his eyes. “Sure, Dean.”
Dean genteelly took his face in hands and lifted it. “Cas,” he stared into his deep blue eyes. “Is this okay?”
“Morning, Dean.” Castiel grumbled as he stumbled into the kitchen. He had put on pajama bottoms that he must have found in Dean’s room. He yawned
“It’s a party for Sam.” Castiel said as he made Dean turn around and face him. He fixed his hair and smoothed down his jacket. “You got this. You have been practicing the speech for weeks now.”
Dean followed the dirt road to the other half of the park. The car bounced and thumped up the road. He knew Baby could handle it but he was glad it wasn’t snowing yet. He couldn’t imagine trying to get this car out of the gravel and dirt road with snow on top of it. He hit a large rock that made the car bounce. “Son of a bitch.” He cursed. He noticed Castiel shrink into the passenger seat.
Castiel took the body spray and repeated the same process on Dean. He seemed to enjoy it greatly. Castiel’s heart was heavy knowing that Dean was so desperate for touch. He never wanted him to feel unloved ever again. He kissed him all over his neck and shoulders praising him and declaring his love over and over again. Dean was putty in his hands. “I will love you forever and always.” He said as he sprayed Dean off
“I’ll cross that bridge when I get to it. I like cars, but I like working on my car. Spending day in and day out hunched in someone’s car, doing oil changes, telling people over and over that they need to do them more often is not how I want to spend my days.”
She sighed. She looked nervous. “So, I have been thinking about the party last night and well… I want to make it up to you and Dean. It wasn’t fair of me to treat him like that.” She rubbed her arm. “I want to try again. Meeting Dean that is, this time no fancy work event just us. If that’s okay with him that is.”
