“You have no milk.  Or sugar.  Or anything at all.”
Mr. Lestrade grimaced, a hand coming up to drag through his hair.  “Except for the paper work, which I want done tomorrow, and I am not kidding about this, Sherlock, yes.  Yes, we are done.  Which isn't to say I don't have questions,” he added, glancing again at John.
“But is this not something we owe our own?”
Sherlock shuddered.  “Ghastly.”
“They pay you for that?” John wondered.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, aggrieved.  “And they change angles and want you to believe it is all continuity, one...experience, but it's not.  I don' think it's at all a realistic portrayal.”
Before he could complete the thought the other man leaned forward, cupped the side of his face with a long-fingered, elegant hand and kissed him.
Sherlock stayed where he was, watching him stop at Mrs. Hudson's door, knock, and go inside.
“Oh.  Ah.  Well.  Kiss, actually.”
Boyfriends.  What was with Sherlock and the boyfriends thing?  Maybe he was just uncertain about it all and wanted assurance that John wasn't going to up and disappear on him.  Maybe under all that sophisticated clothing and roguish charm there was somebody who really wanted someone of his own.  But it was way, way too early to be talking about moving in!
In the dim light of the cab, with his hair falling over one eye, Sherlock looked younger than John had previously assumed.  Maybe it was because now John had a voice in his head which was chanting, 'The wonderful thing about Tiggers is I'm the only one!'
“Why don't you kiss me again?”
“Kisses?  Several times.  Those were not successful experiments,” Sherlock told him.
“Can't.”  Not enough time, and how would he ever keep his hands off him?
“I just want you to...be  comfortable with...”
“Right.”  But there was something about this entire encounter that seemed to indicate that Sherlock was a bit innocent.  “Look, have you done this with a woman?”
“So what's your regular job, then?”
“For my mistakes.  For causing you to...mourn.  For...”  But Sherlock could not go on and sat, staring at the rug under his shoes.
Sherlock was thinking.  John could see it in the way he held his head, the way his eyes shifted. “What should we talk about?” Sherlock asked eventually.
God, that grin.  “Not right now, we can't,”  John flopped onto his back and tried to take a deeper breath.
John could see, standing just behind Sherlock, Cora, who was waiting to talk to either John or both of them.  Her eyes had gone wide.  And a few steps behind her stood Mary, looking at them suspiciously.
Sherlock grinned and leaned down a bit.  “Lunch?”
The next moment John was really aware, he found his mouth plastered to Sherlocks' shoulder.  Drooling on him, actually.  He drew back a little.
He took a deep breath.  “How did you know I had one?” John asked.
John rolled his eyes in an ohmygodreally THAT'S what you want to talk about face, and opened his mouth to comment, but Sherlock spoke over him.
John called from the kitchen, “Should I go for a walk?”
She paused and then said, “Each of the lost will have a story as complex as this.  What we contemplate will take new laws, new divisions of government.  Our people will be introduced to new ideas, and new ways.  If we decide to seek the lost, our decisions will affect Wakanda for generations to come.”
“I pointed out your murderer,” he snapped.  Murderer?  John blinked.  “I provided the distraction that allowed you to catch him before he killed again.  I think I'm done here, don't you, Lestrade?”
“You liked kissing me,” Sherlock reminded him.  It probably had not taken a detective to figure that out.  “I like kissing you.  We're going to my flat so we can do it again.  It has occurred to me that there are other things besides kissing I may want to investigate more thoroughly.”  He studied John and said, “We should do our investigating together.”
“Molly?  Oh.  Pathologist.”  Should he be giving away details about Molly?  He pressed his lips together and frowned.  But the man was nodding, as if this just confirmed what he already knew.
“You never answered my question.  Kiss or date?”
“That explains the jumper,” the man said, as if to himself.  “You haven't worked at the clinic long.  It's your first job since you got back from...Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Taba closed her eyes and fought back a sigh.  The meeting had been going so well, too.  She rubbed her temple and then brought her hand away, hoping none of the others had observed her annoyance.
“It was enough that it was finished.  If I have asked, all I would have gotten was a clipped declaration that it was none of my business, or that I was too young and would be told when I was older,” he observed dryly.  “I never seemed to grow old enough.”
“It was anger.  I...understood it.” Sherlock said it woodenly, but then, John was amazed he said it at all.
Right.  He could do that.  Get lost in that.  His hands went on automatically making sure that they were both naked as soon as possible.  Two fumbling steps to one side and they were naked and horizontal.  Oh, god, flat on his back with a big man pressing him down to the mattress.  He should have felt dominated, or at a disadvantage.  Shouldn't he be panicking? It was unsettling, but exciting at the same time.  He groaned up into Sherlock's mouth and wrapped his arms around, holding them together.   He loved being nude with women, loved feeling all the swells and curves and differences plastered to him head to toe.   Turned out the feeling was just as good with that much man pressed to him, skin to skin.  He drew up one leg, his foot sliding from Sherlock's ankle to knee, the sensation of wiry hair between his toes one he did had never felt before.
“Yes.  Damn, you're good.  How did you know?”
Any more right and he'd be dead.  He managed the condom at last.  “God, I hope the neighbors didn't call the police.”
“Can't be today, I wrote it down in my notebook. Definitely next week. We've got nurses coming from Hospice.”
It rather went downhill from there.  They got back at dawn, after chasing a cabbie all over London.  Bit of a disappointment in the end, when the poor chap dropped dead, but Sherlock explained that the man had been playing some sort of sick suicide game that would have resulted in his eventual demise anyway.
“That's...”
“I may not be ready for...erm.  Investigating.”  He was trying not to think about how warm he was getting even not-thinking about it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but did not protest.
Sherlock accepted a cup, realized it was still hot, an d put it down next to a cup which had yesterday's tea in it.  Or last week's.
“Move in?” Sherlock asked, his voice going a little soft.
Bar.  Police stakeout? I lost a bet?  Uh. No.
Eventually Sherlock took a deep breath and said, “I don't think we did that right.”
“You're better than good.  You're a great boyfriend, Sherlock.  The best.”
“The silk. The way you hold your shoulders.  Walk.  You have a trace of a limp, too.  You used a cane when you first came back?”
“Ohmyghh, ohmyvery, gah!” he gasped, watching himself paint stripes over the glistening damp of somebody else's spent cock.  Then he dropped down and tried to remember how to breathe and listened to another set of laboring lungs under his cheek.
“Left over from my time...away.  I had safe houses, each with an emergency kit of food and medical supplies.  Most of it went to my homeless network when I came back but I still had...these.”  He took a deep breath.  “Use them as you see the need.  I'd prefer that you use them to protect yourself but I know you.”
“Which implies you'll get some sleep.”  Sherlock snorted at the idea.  “They were smart to put you in charge of a unit.  You're military experience should stand you in good stead.”  He followed John as the man went up to the room he shared with Rosie, found his duffel bag and began to fill it.  All of his underwear went in, shirts, trousers, a couple small towels, socks.  Toothbrush, toothpaste, lotion.  It didn't take long, really.
“Yes, it did, but it was one of those...you know how you have an utterly brilliant thought but you know, you just know, that one way or another it is going to come back and bite you right in the arse?”  He took a deep breath.  “Don't talk me out of it.”
“But you were a surgeon.”
Science never felt so good.  He felt something against his hip.  He pulled away to say firmly, “Condoms.”
“Africa,” Sherlock breathed, with enlightenment on his face.
“I might have to describe you in the future.  Or buy you something.  Don't boyfriends give gifts?”
John was pulling his phone out of his pocket.  He shouldn't have been startled to find a new contact added since he hadn't done it, but frankly, he was grateful as hell not to have to go looking all over for the information.  His finger stabbed down and he put the phone to his ear.
“Keep your phone charged.  They're extra chargers in the suitcase.”
“Mary.”  Cora made a face.  “You never should have turned her down.”
John said, “Tea?” and went to make it without bothering to wait for an answer.
“What?  No.  What are you doing?” John asked as he was dragged away from his unfinished drink, the confused probably-a-policeman, and the particular spot where his entire life took a lurching paradigm shift.
“I was going to spill a drink on someone,” the man went on, with a glance at John 's jumper.  “But perhaps a kiss would garner more attention.”
“It's the place next door to a gay venue. The Sailor.  It has dancing,” he added, “but not right now.  No one goes over until just before midnight.”
They were at the house John had shared with Mary, while 221 was in the throes of reconstruction.  Mrs. Hudson was here as well, installed in the nursery at her insistence.  John was terribly glad for the help.  Between the three of them, they managed to function well enough to deal with the day to day effort of living, and the endless minor catastrophes involved in raising a toddler. Mrs. Hudson was currently out replenishing the larder, with Rosie's assistance.  Poor woman. No doubt her absence factored into the timing of Mycroft's arrival.
Sherlock said with dismay, “Do we have to stop and go buy more?”
Behind Sherlock, Mary's expression changed when she heard that word.  Her mouth pursed up, her brows came together, and then she glared, eyes going from one to the other of them.
Cora looked at him expectantly, too.
“I found, in the cabinet,” Mycroft began again.  Sherlock huffed at the repetition, scowled to get Mycroft stop pussyfooting around and just say whatever needed to be said.  “A letter, addressed to Uncle Rudy but, I think, never delivered to him.  It said that although his wife was dead, the children   had been rescued by a neighbor and were still alive, although both had been hospitalized.   A friend of the mother, an honorary aunt, had taken custody of the children.  The letter requested instructions from him, begged him to come soon for the children. In the envelope which contained this letter was the receipt for a draft for five thousand pounds which our mother had sent by wire, to this friend.”
“She'll have to be confronted, and Father told as well, to sort it out,” Sherlock said slowly.  “She may lie.”
“Not a guess at all.  Dr. Hooper kicked me out of her lab once.  She must not remember.  She wasn't wearing her name tag then,”  Sherlock recalled.
“Wah?'
“I have been looking into the...background of the....”  Mycroft look vaguely constipated as he paused to find the right words.
“It happens that I am to create a small distraction just before ten.”
“Not by myself,” John murmured, but he climbed onto the bed and kissed Sherlock again.
“Ghu?” Sherlock gasped.
“It might be sudden, but can't fault you for it.  Did you fall for his eyes or his arse?”
Sherlock looked intrigued.  “I wonder how many brands they tested and what the experimental parameters were.   Would you adjust the apertures of the original bottle or design a penis substitute so that the...John?”
“Shouldn't it take longer?”
A stifled laugh exploded past John's lips  “I did.  How did you know?”   It was damned strange, having to look up while flirting.   His glance went down automatically to check out cleavage which wasn't there, and he  admitted to himself that the whole situation was more than strange.  How did he get himself into these things?
John nodded.  Okay.  “So you watched porn.  Showing women.  And men?  Actors, I mean?”
John paused in his own investigations to fight back a yelp. He forgot about it as Sherlock said, “Will you let me see your scar?”
John angled his eyes up.  Left.  Right.  “Urm.”
“A silk blend.  It feels good,” he sighed, pressing into John's touch.
“How did you turn this presentation into, “How the Medical Community Can Help Sherlock Holmes Solve Crimes?” John asked as they met in the front of the room.
“Add lying, cheating, avaricious buffoons,” Sherlock said.   “Children of father's sister and quite envious of his...better financial status.”
“All our decisions affect Wakanda for generations to come.  But the sunset approaches, I am hungry,  and I suggest we begin this discussion again tomorrow.”  Makanta's voice was getting loud again.
So they'd gone to bed and John slept for hours, only waking up shortly before noon when Sherlock, who had vanished at some point, came back to the bedroom, climbed into bed and...
And brought it home.  Right.  “I think you should put it in a box.  Less of a surprise that way,” John said mildly.  Once in the box it should go in the bin, but he didn't actually say that.
“I liked it.  You liked it.  I think we did it right.”
“Nothing important,” John answered with a careless wave of his hand.
Cora and John had started work at the same time and Sarah had paired them up on the theory they might not know the community and wouldn't have as many connections yet.  There had been some grumbles, as no one else had a partner.   Having them come up with speakers on their own  was to maximize the number of subjects presented, John thought.  The Monday meeting had become something to dread.  Total waste of time he and Cora had decided after sitting through the first one.  And the second.  And the tenth.  John said, “We've got next week, yeah?”
“Right.”  He was beginning to wonder about Molly, too.  Or at least Molly's idea about what was entertaining.  Or punishment?  Or...what had he ever done to Molly, anyway, that she would come up with this insanity?
John sensed he did not have the man's full attention.  It felt strangely annoying.  He said, “Yeah, it took awhile.  There are actually quite a few good looking guys here, but finally it was between you and that handsome silver fox in the corner.”
John had, in the back of his mind for years, the image of an ideal flat.  It looked something like this.  Well, minus the skull, the table full of laboratory equipment and the bullet holes in the wall.  Cozy, a little old-fashioned.  The dead opposite of the tiny shabby post-war house of his childhood or the sterile concrete box on the seventh floor of the building he currently occupied.
Charlie laughed and sped up a bit, since the place seemed to be so big... "...Shit, I can't see their torch anymore." John cursed after a moment of absolute silence, before tugging hard at Sherlock's hand.
"Well.. Mrs Turner does too.. and Angelo." Sherlock said and chuckled again, "But other than that.. I hear my full name rather seldom." he agreed.
"Oh great, actually. I actually had a black eye this afternoon. I was showing her how to throw a punch without hurting herself too badly.. and the fact that I let her punch me with full strength also helps to get over any hesitancy about actually hitting someone. That's one part of it most trainers can't do much about." Sherlock said and chuckled.
His tone of voice sounded suspiciously defeated yet still reluctant - mum was sitting right next to him, wasn't she?
Sherlock chuckled a little at that, "Oh shut up that was hardly carelessness on my part." he said and rolled his eyes, remembering Mycroft's intervention there. "I have to admit, I'm glad you knew from the start. It made things much easier."
"Well.. guess you're bringing out the best in me." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, leaning back into John's arms, "And I may or may not have asked my mum for ideas.. she didn't suggest this particular venue, but the idea to take you somewhere special and have a little picnic was from her." he admitted.
David nodded, but didn't say anything, causing an uncomfortable silence to settle that was eventually broken by Mark's mother, who had, just like the rest of the family, sat down at the table and listened to the conversation unfold. "Are you serious? Really, because I can see that no one has addressed the elephant in the room yet." She turned to John, who was unconsciously leaning more into Sherlock's arm, and ignored Sherlock completely. "How could you do this to your family on your mother's /birthday/?! Have they not raised you better than to bring a teenage boy who could pass as a girl with hair like that to a family event, claiming he's your-" She cut herself off, glaring at him. "It's an absolute embarrassment and shame to the family name. How /dare/ you? An absolute disgrace!" She said, making John absolutely paralysed, only able to grip Sherlock's hand again. "Just like his his sister." She spat, before scoffing at her son. "Don't you look at me like that, young man, I'm just saying what everybody is thinking." She said, before finally turning to Sherlock "And /you/ won't get the chance to ruin one of my children, you filthy- David, do something!"
Sherlock smiled, "Well... firstly, he is normal. And well, he isn't gay, if that makes it any better, he's bisexual. He didn't choose it, he just fell in love with me and I'm very grateful he did. But yes, I think I can give him a good life. I don't know how you feel about that, but.. you might even get grandchildren, blood related ones, because personally I would prefer to get a surrogate rather than adoption." he said and smiled lightly, "Sir, I love your son with every fibre of my whole being, that's why I came here. To be frank, John was terrified to come here with me, he wouldn't even have told me where he was going if I hadn't explicitly asked about it. But I want him to have everything. He loves you and your wife very much and he loves me, it would break my heart if he had to choose one over the other. That's why I urged him to come here. He shouldn't have to hide who he is, or who he loves because he fears to lose someone else he loves just as much. I told you, I won't let him go unless he wishes me to go, no matter what you say, Sir. But I do hope we can find a way to genuinely get along and that you and your wife can accept that he and his sister chose partners they love and who love them."
"Well that sounds positively creepy." Sherlock said and frowned, "Was there a sort of leader? I mean.. it must have originated somewhere, did some of those people tell you how old they were at the time? It would be interesting to know how all of this began.."
"Oh definitely refrigerate your brains, that's a good one, you should write that down." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Maybe a good thing to learn from that story is that.. well that you should always make sure to keep in touch with the people you care about. None of that would have happened if Mycroft and I would have been in touch more and he would have been informed, since then he's made sure I'm on multiple list so he'll definitely get informed if I'm in a hospital or get arrested, stuff like that."
"Well better start soon then, I have the feeling most of the lessons will end with make out sessions, so better make sure we have enough time to practice." Sherlock said and chuckled, taking the fresh tomatoes from John already to fry them along with the meat.
"Oh, okay. Just checking. Sleep tight then." Charlie said and gave them a smile. "Thanks, Charlie. Sleep well too in a few hours. We love you a lot." John told them with a smile.
Rosie smiled as Ally threw herself into her arms as well, "Thank you." Ally said Sherlock smiled as he approached the group, giving John a look that said he'd have to talk to him later, "So, should we look at the bees then?" he asked and smiled at the girls. Ally nodded eagerly, "Yeah!" She said happily.
"Ding ding ding." Sherlock said with a laugh as he unlocked the door, "Someone's just won a stay up longer joker." he said with a laugh and walked into the house.
"Oh, I'll show you!" Jim whispered and pulled William the vampire along by the hem of his shirt. "They don't have the Lemming Game anymore, but..." Jim said with a frown and looked in one of the bookshelves for a Dr. Seuss one. 'The Cat In The Hat' "Here that one's not that boring and it's brand-new." He whispered and handed it to the other.
Sherlock chuckled as the kiss broke, "Mhm.. I just realised I probably won't get to kiss you all afternoon..." he mumbled and rested his forehead against John's, pouting a little. "But as much as I dislike that, it probably also won't be good to do more than hand-holding in front of your parents."
"Oh god, thank you so much." Charlie said and pulled him into a hug, only now calming down again as the fear was wearing off. She'd be gone now if it hadn't been for him. Shit...
"Yeah, that's true. And I'll give it to him that she was the one to approach him." John commented and took a sip. "Nevertheless, teenage boys can be absolute brats when it comes to girls, so I'm not saying anything until I've met him."
"Right, thank you so much for giving him my letter!" Charlie remembered, changing her act a little, before going over to Rosie and look at her presents. "What did Santa bring you?"
"Mainly ruining my microwave.." Sherlock said and chuckled again, "No for real, do not put multiple chicken eyes in an alcohol solution into the microwave." he said and smirked.
John took Sherlock's hand and smiled. "Oh, I definitely agree. This is better." He looked over at the other man for a while and gave his hand a gentle squeeze. "I love you."
"Can we do that too?" Rosie asked and turned her head to look at John, holding the fairy lights in mid air, "You and Sherlock don't even have to buy me things, really." she said and Sherlock smirked, walking with a just peeled carrot into the living room, "Who says we don't want to buy you things?" he asked, breaking a piece off the carrot and handing it to the little blonde, wondering if vampire kids actually needed vitamins and therefore vegetables and fruit. "Really? You want to give me presents?" she asked and looked back and forth between Sherlock and John.
"You've brought a basket?" John asked and left his bag in the car, before frowning a little, slowly realising they weren't acrually grocery shopping. "Okay, where exactly are you taking me tonight?'
Sherlock smiled somewhat sheepishly, "Well.. I'm topping my year in all my courses, in fact." he said and wasn't sure how much John's dad would like that. "But well, it's not quite fair either, I've already had an advanced knowledge in those areas before I started uni. I'm very interested in those subjects." he said and smiled, "Especially chemistry."
"Well, we do know we're going to get married in the near future, but Mr I want to work for it, insists on saving up for a ring and a proper proposal." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "Rosie's overheard that we're engaged when we told Greg, because John was jealous." he said, giving John a smirk.
"Yeah.. is that how real parents feel all the time?" Sherlock asked with a chuckle and rested his forehead against John's. "Does all that worrying ever go away again?"
"Flanker." Ron said and cleared his throat, "You're playing too then?" he asked and Sherlock chuckled a little, "John's actually coaching his own team."
"Cool!" Rosie said and grinned, before gaping when she had an idea, "Can you teach me? I already asked Sherlock, he's going to work here and he and his fiancé John are really super nice! But he can't help me a lot because he will be busy with working and with getting married!"
"Well, yeah, that was kind of usual back then. Have you ever read Jane Austen's books? That's the time I grew up in, she's captured it very well." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Not having a library back then would have been frowned upon like.. I don't know, maybe like people dropping out of society and living in the woods are frowned upon today. It was a status symbol, kind of. And obviously, it was an essential piece of entertainment without radios, or TVs, or phones."
"But you're right, it's really very pretty." John chuckled and gave her a smile, before turning to his future landlady. "Thank you so much for bringing her to us, Mrs. Hudson, I don't know how to thank you." He said, but she just shook her head. "Of course, I did, honey, you're family. And I could imagine, how you two must've been feeling without your youngest around." She said with a smile before putting her cup into her lap.
"Please tell me you talked to him in that outfit." John said and began to chuckle again. "Seriously though, did you get into a cab like that?"
Sherlock chuckled, "Well, I allowed her to look through some of my old stuff on the attic as long as it's still Frankenstein stuff free." he said and smirked.
Sherlock smiled for a moment longer at John, before turning to Charlie, "Right, then what about you? I assume John and I will be fending off boys once you've moved in.." he said with a smile, joking now, but really, give it two or three years and she'd be surrounded by boys wanting to go out with her.
"Yeah, I promise, but if I'm sure I know where she is, I will get her." Charlie replied, because after all this was Rosie they were talking about and there was no point in splitting up if she was supposed to just sit around and wait for everyone else.
"I've had some girlfriends who'd come in high heels to a party and change them later on for flats they'd brought so they could actually dance. That's always a possibility since you don't know how those shoes will feel four or five hours in." John told her with a smile and Charlie nodded. "Hm... Yeah, that's a good idea. And I guess my sparkling personality will be the most dazzling thing about my look anyway." She said with a snicker, before beginning to look around.
"Well we could try to find a film with very old actors." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Or... well.. there is one movie we could watch that has got an actor in it that would probably pass as attractive in your eyes, which I wouldn't mind so much." he said, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
"Yeah, they did." Charlie grinned. "We don't really do those or dress up at the orphanage, which made it even greater." She said remembering the whole evening as if it happened yesterday... "Though in hindsight, I could've done with an extra person there." She said and came to a halt in front of their building, giving him a smirk.
"Well.. that'll make it easy to bond with your mother for me.." Sherlock mumbled and gave John's hand a squeeze, "And.. well, I think I'll stick with liquid breakfast today." he said and smiled, "Means I'll be done faster than you and can drop by at a flower shop to pick up some violets." he said and gave John a smile.
"I don't really think people erm.. well as I said, they go insane and some of them find ways to kill themselves, or perhaps just become violent and fight their way out." Sherlock said and sighed.
"I do." John whispered and ran his hand through Sherlock's curls. "Christmas came early this year." He commented with a smirk, bridging the gap between their lips before he had a chance to reply.
Sherlock chuckled, "Just teasing..." he said and smirked at John, before remembering something, "Oh, hang on! I wanted to get something else." he said and quickly walked over to the dental hygiene section, grabbing a couple of small travel sized bottles of mouth wash, before returning to John. "Those could come in handy when we're out." he said and held them up for John to see.
"I don't know.. I hope not." Sherlock said and shook his head, "The last time I've seen him he had beaten up another patient who called him an idiot for believing in vampires.. I just can't see him having small talk and joking around with people, let alone having the patience and well a sufficient attention span to make those sketches you sent me.."
Sherlock smiled, "Can I get a hint?" he asked, wondering how he had once again not noticed that John was planning something - well at least this time he had the excuse of being distracted by things like time travel and letters from his dead boyfriend.
"Hm?" Sherlock asked as he put some buns on the table, looking over at Mrs Hudson, "No, actually I did, it just wasn't very relaxing." he said, nipping at his coffee again.
"Where have you heard that?" Violet asked, before saying. "Anyway, yes she should do that some time in the future. There's really no rush unless she's got unusual symptoms. How about I text you the gynaecologists in the area I can recommend?"
"I'll make sure to be careful with it." John said with a smile and closed his hand around it, before putting his hand into his pocket. "We've come quite a long way from your almost beheading me earlier on." He remarked with a chuckle. "Take care and see you at nine."
"Well.. yeah I get that brothers can be a struggle." Sherlock said and gave him a little smile, "Anyway.. well, if you like.. I mean we're rather busy during the week, but you could come over on Saturday again. I'm sure Charlie and Rosie would love to see you and Scout again and John would probably like to get a glimpse into actual military life from someone who's been through it, rather than the it's all sunshine and roses and we're all friends propaganda you get from said military."
"I actually told you about him?" Sherlock said, looking with a frown back and forth between his brother and Greg. Did Mycroft just almost half smile?
Rosie smiled as she heard Charlie call, standing on tiptoes to reach the door handle, before she walked sheepishly in, clasping her hands behind her back as she stood in front of Charlie. "Hello! I'm Rosie." she said, figuring Charlie wouldn't know that, because they had never really talked to each other.
"A single copy of one for each subject you want to teach is more than enough." Mrs. Hope said with a smile. Well educated vampire staff was incredibly tricky to find (even these days), so right now there wasn't much that'd speak against the young man. "Which foreign languages would you be able to teach then and why did you begin to learn them?"
"Really?" Charlie asked with an amused chuckle and got out of the car, holding the door open for her sister. "I didn't even know these were an actual thing." She commented. "Are you coming, Speedy?"
"Your usual table is free." Angelo said and smiled, "So I take it, whatever meal you choose, I don't have to hold back on.. tomatoes?" he asked, looking from Charlie to John, "No, John is still allergic .. for now." Sherlock said, just wanting to make sure John wouldn't get anything that included blood.
"That's cute though. Speaking of first dates, didn't Mycroft actually end up teaching the children of this official in your place?" He asked with a chuckle, remembering that evening well.
Amy frowned a little confused at the tall man, finding that explanation a bit hard to follow. ''So, John is special?" She asked with wide eyes, glancing over at her cousin brother-in-law and tugging a little on Sherlock's cuff to be lifted up again.
"If you would stop struggling, there would be no need for zipties," Sherlock said and flinched a bit as one of her teeth scraped his arm, but didn't do a lot of damage. "But I take I assume you're bright enough to know that we can't simply let you go again, so you better get comfortable, you'll be staying for a while. We won't hurt you though. But we will restrain you if you try to run or hurt our girls."
"Almost, I just need to get some more paint onto those wriggly toes." She chuckled, putting the brush away after a moment. "Okay, there we go." She said and put the sheet of paper under Rosie's feet.
"I'm sure she's got a good reason for what she did, John.." Sherlock said lamely, not being able to think of one and he was clearly biased. He just couldn't help getting defensive when someone was talking to his mother in a tone like that. "No, no, he's right worrying about it, dear. But it's sweet of you to defend me like that." she said, taking ruffling Sherlock's curls out of habit just like she used to do. "Let's go upstairs and I'll explain everything. Where are the girls anyway?" she asked, with a start realising they were no where in sight. "You didn't leave them alone upstairs, did you?"
"Well there are enough people working at blood banks that don't ask too many questions if you offer them a good price for some blood bags." William said and smiled a little, honestly he didn't feel like he was talking to an adult. Or even an almost adult. More like an overly excited five year old. "But truth to be told, I don't know how many vampires there are, I only know two, no three." he said and shrugged.
Sherlock smiled as he entered the elevator, letting out a breath when the doors had closed, "I think I need a moment to realise that we nearly have 24 hours to ourselves now." he said with a chuckle.
"Well you better be ready for showing off, because John and I were talking about you playing an acoustic song for our wedding dance." Sherlock said and smirked at her, "If you're comfortable with that, that is. We're not going to drag you on stage in front of everyone."
"Shame I'm already ten. Stealing a car could literally get me into prison these days. But I guess Dad could join me there after murdering you, so there's that at least." Charlie joked with a laugh.
Sherlock chuckled softly into the kiss, moving his arms around his boyfriend, before he started to walk them towards the bedroom.
John chuckled and nodded. "That's probably a good idea. And we might want to put the Cluedo board from the living room wall." He said just as quietly. "This is going better than I've thought, you know. I mean he's ignoring our relationship but I'm not going to complain."
"Well, I was more interested in the ship, to be honest. I mean.. it was huge, both literally and metaphorically. It was the height of engineering back then." Sherlock said and sighed a little, "Ships these days are nothing special anymore, you know. It's simple, no one's surprised when they create a larger one, but in those days.. everyone was blown away."
Without another word John obliged and looked down on his feet, after glancing shortly at his father. He had no idea what he could say to make this situation better for him.
Several hours later, John was sitting at the kitchen table, studying, while Violet was preparing an early supper. Sherlock had been dozing for the past hour but for the sake of taking his medication in time she'd wake him in case he was still asleep. After knocking o the door, she walked inside, carrying a tablet. "Hello, Sherlock."
"You can make a mistletoe poster too! I can paint your feet then!" Rosie said, quite proud of her idea, "Then they have two!"
"I don't know which one of you I'd have killed first, if he'd cheated with me on you." John joked and shook his head, quite certain of the fact that Sherlock having an affair with someone was almost more unlikely than time travel itself, before helping Victor with the blanket,
"Well I'll definitely come to your next birthday party." Ron said and chewed on his lips, he'd really like to kiss her, but he didn't know if she would like that, so maybe he shouldn't? Why was this stuff so complicated?
"Can we make all toppings on one piece?!" Rosie asked in astonishment and chuckled, "Because I always wondered what that would taste like!" she chirped, which made Sherlock laugh, "Hm.. I'd say we can try that on a small corner of the pizza, so it doesn't mess up your dinner if it doesn't taste good."
"Hang on, /really/?" Charlie asked immediately, gaping a bit at them. John chuckled softly at that kind of a reaction. "We really do. It would be an honour for us." He said and Charlie outright grinned at them. "Of course I'll do it. I'd love to" She said and got up to hug them both.
"Yeah, let's do that. And I agree, but we should probably start to get used that sight." John said with a chuckle. "Do you already want to discuss a possible position as a teacher there?"
Sherlock chuckled, "You probably never envisioned yourself marrying an old man." he said with a smirk, "Neither of it, old or man." he said with a laugh.
John brushed his thumb over Sherlock's neck a couple of times in a soothing manner. "Yeah, I have to say, last night's dessert was pretty great. Any idea how you might've become ill?"
"You know I wonder if Lowell actually remembers their kiss.." Sherlock said with a frown, "I was thinking about asking him, but how would I go about that.. whatever this was, we're not sure if it was .. you know real for all of us.. I mean.. it could still have been just limited to us and Victor and the rest could have been an actual dream.."
"Sure, let's go back inside." John said with a smile and held his hand out for her to take it. He then glanced quickly at his watch; he had about another thirty minutes until he'd have to leave for work.
"David can play the guitar?" Charlie asked with a chuckle, before adding. "How did that happen then? Did you ask him out after listening to his music?" Though what she was actually thinking was probably closer to oh-my-god-this-could-actually-work-out-for-me??
"Yeah, me too." John said with a nod. "And she's also told us a lot about this network. ..It really shouldn't be surprising that she expects us to torture her, if she believes we're worse than her 'family'."
"We met in our last year on secondary, actually." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I gave him a bit of a hard time to be honest." he said and thought about how he had been nearly abandoning John, "We became friends and well, it soon looked like it was becoming more than that and then.. I cut off contact with him." he said with a roll of his eyes.
Sherlock nodded, "Although.. well. I kind of want to bring one thing up right now.." he said and bit his lip, "I want another compromise if you decide not to do it." he said and thought for a moment how to say this best. "I'm not proposing to you right now, but.. I kind of want to limit the time frame the proposal may happen... if your answer to the one thing we're not talking about anymore until you bring it up, I want you to marry me before you leave."
"Yeah, I don't want to make it forgettable." He said with a smile. "And it's been two days, love, so I'm really not taking all that long." He chuckled. "But yeah, at our speed, you could almost expect a happy announcement by the end of the week. Almost." He said with a wink.
"We're married too and you're my cousin so don't worry about that." Clara said with a chuckle. "In that case I'm in too" Janine said and watched Clara putting the empty bottle onto the table and spinning it. A few seconds later it landed on her wife. "What a start; Truth or dare, darling?" She asked with a chuckle.
[Contact attached: Richard Watson] Hi dad. I'm just putting this out there in case you change your mind. -John
Rosie took a few seconds, but then decided to come out of her hiding place, Rachel looked like she was about to get mad and she didn't want Sherlock and John to get in trouble, they were really nice, "Here.." she mumbled and walked up Sherlock, placing herself between Sherlock and John, before she looked up at the taller man, "I'm sorry, I lied to you about my name.." she said and Sherlock shook his head, "Don't you worry about that, I've played detective all the time when I was your age and I knew you're not Daphne, because I really like Scooby Doo too." he said and Rosie's lips curled up into a smile again.
"Is it?" Lowell asked with a smile, "I've got it with me.." he said and looked a little flustered, "I didn't want my brother's friends to play around with it while I'm here. I put it into the kitchen, do you want to see it?" he asked excitedly. "I can just get it quickly and we can look for a quiet spot so I can play for you."
"Well, so am I then." John replied with a smile and leaned into Sherlock a little more. Tilting his head upwards, he drew Sherlock into a kiss, humming a little as he opened his mouth.
"Convincing argument." John said and pulled him into another kiss, gripping his boyfriend's arse with his free hand. "I love you so much." He murmured.
Jim followed him and sat down too. "Well, we've got a deal." He said and began to hitch up his sleeve. "I can't /wait/ to be a vampire too." Jim said and tucked his knees under his chin, excited about what was to come.
"I love you too." Sherlock murmured and yawned himself, he wasn't much more awake than John if he was honest.
"I genuinely couldn't tell you, but if so I hope my friends didn't slip back into it again. It only got creepier the longer I stayed." Janine said and shook her head, putting her hands into her coat pockets.
"Sure, sweetheart. See you two in a minute." Violet said, before walking the girls back to the front door. "Rosie, why are giraffes so tall..." Amy began to ask as they got out of earshot. "What's on then, love?" John asked, once he thought they had some privacy since he remembered Sherlock had wanted to tell him something earlier on.
"I wasn't rude. I asked a question." Rosie said with a sweet smile, "If you're not a hombophob then I wasn't rude to you at all. I've only been a bit rude if you think you are a hombophob." she said and still smiled at Sally. "And I wasn't talking to Charlie, I just heard her say that."
Carrying two bags, Charlie followed Rosie up the stairs to their flat. "Scout's really cute, isn't he?"
"Yeah, I'm already anxious to hear it." John said and sat down at the table, when Charlie motioned for them to sit down. "So, okay... as you know, I'm apparently in danger" She began, figuring that was her most convincing argument. "Which is why you've taken us in in the first place, I guess." She said with a frown, and John was just holding himself back from asking if this was about the navel piercing again. "And I've talked with Ron and apparently security's important to them zo no one can just walk inside like in the orphanage... And they've got a lot of extracurriculars. Oh and it's right around the corner, Ron has shown me." She said, hoping this was somewhat convincing, and looked over at Sherlock for some back-up.
John smiled a little, since he could envision that very well, before sighing. "I do hope so, but I don't want to get anybody's hopes up; including myself. I'm only kind of sure that he'll apologise to Clara and this is a whole different story." He gave him a wry smile. "And as for Clara, she doesn't have much of a family at all according to Harry. So yeah, with mum and myself being the only family members there you can imagine that the place wasn't exactly bursting."
Sherlock sighed, shaking his head, "Unlike me, you actually need a full night's sleep, though." he said, hating to have him worried. "Just.. if you can don't go to Corner's alone for a few days.. or the very least don't go tomorrow morning."
"I think the main problem there would've rather been the fact we're both guys." John said with a chuckle. "But you did manage to convince me either way."
Sherlock nodded, before leaning a bit more into John's touch, it did help a bit to distract him from how miserable he felt.
John nodded at that, glad that the both of them hadn't been completely alone the past decades. "Well, it must be a very good friendship if you can still talk to each other after seventy years without falling out with each other."
"That's profoundly sweet." John smiled, brushing his fingertips over Sherlock's scalp. "I don't know if we're still in the honeymoon period, but sometimes I do wonder what in the world I did to deserve you. Just... god, I love you so much."
Sherlock sighed, "Fine.. another Saturday night without proper meals. Seems like it's becoming a ritual..." he mumbled and chuckled lightly, it was a bit annoying, really. Especially since he had missed out on lunch already as well for the sake of trying out the sofa a little more. At least they knew now it did work for more than just making out.
"Well the last one wouldn't be a problem. We've got a few mortal children here, since we avoid to separate families." Mrs. Hope said with a chuckle. "First you'll have to give me your credential though. What would qualify you to teach that wide an array of subjects?" She asked Sherlock, since she'd get to John in a few minutes.
"Not voluntarily.. It wasn't a question of wanting to.. when you were old enough, you were pulled in.." Sherlock said and sighed, "I suppose I could have just faked my death to get out of it, but.. well, the chances to be beheaded or actually set on fire aren't that high.. and bullets wouldn't kill me. So I figured if I can catch some for others.. " he said and shrugged, "Makes more sense.." he said and sighed.
Victor took a deep, steadying breath, before he turned to look at John properly. "No." he said and shook his head, "No. I do not want you to tell me." he said and looked down at his hands for a moment, before he looked back up. "Just.. promise me to take good care of your family." he said and smiled a little, though the smile seemed a little sad. "But I still think you should consider to do it yourself. You've got a family in there who loves you so much. Just ask yourself if you really want to leave them in a few decades.. and if not.. then you know what to do."
"And David." Sherlock added and chuckled a little, "Honestly, please tell him, I mean he knows you're considering it anyway and if you don't tell him, I really doubt that'd be any good for his and my relationship to each other." he said and shrugged, "After all he told me that he appreciates my honesty.. You could tell them on your fishing trip, actually."
"Yes, basically. The adoptive parents have always been very clear about them wanting to move on." Greg said with a frown. "It's strange, I knew all of those children and I wouldn't have thought any of them thought that way."
Viktor laughed a bit at that. "Yes, I figured. Viktor 'addock." He said with a nod, mildly surprised by how strange it felt to say his full name again. It had been quite a while since he'd done that the last time.
Harry rolled his eyes, still fighting to get her face back under control as she spun the bottle, watching it until it stopped and pointed at Janine.
"The coming out of your sister and maybe easing her by taking half of her parents fury might have been a suitable occasion." Harry grumbled and sighed, turning to John as they stopped at a red light, "But no hard feelings, Johnny, I don't blame you, after all there was a reason I only came out to them right before the wedding.. I understand that you didn't want to deal with that, especially since you didn't have anyone to turn to, like.. a real partner not just some throwaway girlfriend."
"I think it will be weird for me to meet a version of him that.. well doesn't love me.." Victor said with a frown, "At least not the way he used to." he added and frowned, "It'd probably be similar to you meeting his younger version who wouldn't feel anything for you.. Speaking of it.. can you do me a favour? My Sherlock.. he is probably worried sick just now, can you go and tell him everything's alright, but just to be safe, I want him to stay at home today? I'll meet him tomorrow as usual here at the shed and explain what happened." he said and chuckled a little, "Oh and don't worry, I know for a fact that his father is accompanying his wife to the ball so you won't be in danger of running into him at the house." he said, remembering what John had told him about their arrival here. "From what you told me about his reaction.. maybe I'll actually go to him at some point and properly ask for his son's hand.. so to speak. It would be the honourable thing to do and since he mostly objected to Sherlock being in bed with anyone, rather than being in bed with a man.. it seems like he'd appreciate the gesture and wouldn't murder me on spot."
"I completely understand that." Sherlock said and smiled at Lowell, pulling his phone out of his pocket and handing it to the other man, just give me your number and I'll send you mine." he said and Lowell smiled, "Thanks." he said typing the number in, "You know.. maybe it would also be a good idea to introduce to some of our friends. For instance my friend Jane. She actually introduced Victor and me." he said and smiled, leaving the Jane /Austen/ revelation for another day. "That would be great, actually." Lowell said and emptied his glass before standing up, smirking at John, "Oh and John..." he began, "You really don't have to worry. I'm very much straight. So no need to keep shooting daggers out of your eyes." he chuckled and Sherlock couldn't help but laugh as well.
"I wouldn't say you have to be mentally stable for acting..." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "Actually most of the best actors had mental problems.." he said and shrugged, "But I agree, he doesn't seem to be able to pull something like this off." he said, before giving Charlie a grin, "But apart from all of this, that was some very good investigating, there, Ms Marple." he said and ruffled Charlie's hair a little.
"I know, but we'll manage. And thankfully everyone inside the shed right now can't catch a cold very easily so at least there's that." John said, before letting go off the blanket. "Go back inside?"
Sherlock smiled as he returned with three glasses of blood before Harry could reply to that, setting them down in front of Harry Clara and himself before he poured John a glass of wine. "It's funny, though.. just last week we've been talking about this.. having a .. similar couple to talk to." he said and looked at John. "But.. while we're making big revelations.. John do you want to tell them about Richard or should I?" he asked as he handed John his glass.
"You didn't send him his address, though, did you?" Sherlock said and chuckled awkwardly, "He still has that gun.. I don't want him to march in there and do something he'd regret.. or even without the gun.. I mean.. punching him would also be a not so good idea."
Charlie stopped pacing her room and let out a breath. She'd do it. She'd thought about this for days now and it sounded like a good idea. She'd be safer, together with Ron and even meet new people... With a nod, she walked out of her room and downstairs into the living room. "Hey.. we need to talk." She began somewhat seriously as she stood in front of Sherlock, not really knowing how to start this conversation.
"Well, I don't want to scar the girls for life." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "And anyway, I didn't have time for that." he said as he started to collect everything he needed for the soup, "Though frankly, I didn't expect we'd have to deal with a first hangover situation."
"We will." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "Wait, you're probably staying over at Mycroft's tonight, aren't you?" he asked, while he was mostly ignoring the fact that happened, he did know it happened on a regular basis, "You would have to drive past our street to get to the orphanage.. so would you mind picking Rosie up in the morning? Charlie and I can go pick her up in the afternoon."
"Sure, I've got you." Charlie said with a smile; it was pretty cool to have Rosie look up to her a little. "Is that the guy that helped you hand out those surprise eggs?" She asked and remembered those two new fellahs sitting at the small children's table.
"The only thing I've respected about you from the beginning is your honesty, so I'm glad you told us. In general, if people don't like the truth, then that's their own problem. That's the way I see this." David said with a shrug. "But still, Emma's birthday celebration are still a bit too rare for my taste. You could just give us a ring when you, say, adopt children without warning." He said on a more serious note, raising an eyebrow. Now that he knew the reasons he very well knew they could've called them.
"Oh, well that really is a shame." David said; even if she was from an orphanage that just wasn't right. "I'm glad you've got some new clothes now." He said and looked at the wardrobe before saying. "Now how about you get redressed and I have a look at your bee?"
Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes, "Well.. I may or may not.. perhaps.. under very special circumstances maybe have a thing for men in uniforms.." he admitted, feeling a blush creep along his cheeks.
"I think she'd really love that." Charlie said with a smile, before lying down, looking at Ron from her side. "But with your last name, your parents really saw a chance and took it." She chuckled.
"That's true.. You know, I'm not happy about it, but I can't help the looming feeling she's going to end up choosing an illegal profession."
Sherlock sighed fondly, undoing John's belt and wasting no time to undo John's his fly as well, before he moved his arms around John's waist, walking John over to the bed and trailing his kisses along his jaw and down his neck.
Sherlock smiled at that, "Well John Hamish Watson, I love you too and I would never, never even for a second consider to give my life with you and the girls up." he said and smiled, "You know I used to laugh at people when they said nonsense like that, but.. it feels like we complete each other.. it's strange that personalities can fit together like that."
"Yeah, we kind of get that a lot." Sherlock said with a laugh, "Although mostly people say we seem like a cheesy Disney couple." he said with a small smile.
"You too." Lowell said genuinely as he stuffed the blood bags into his bag after Sherlock handed them to him, "So, you should come around for dinner some time." Sherlock said and smirked again. "Sure thing, I do want to know more about that orphanage anyway." Lowell said and smiled again, "Anyway, I'll be off, it was very nice to meet you, Charlie, and you too, little one." he said and gave the two girls another of his dazzling smiles, before turning to leave.
"Oh yes, she did, her name's Cynthia." Scott said with a smile. "She got married to a Scotsman and lives up there with her family." He said with a sigh; he did miss her a lot. "Christ, we're old, aren't we?"
"Even better; less work for me." John chuckled and glanced back at Sherlock. "It's strange, you know. Yesterday morning I thought our friendship was over and now we're here talking about marriage."
After an awfully romantic hour at the palace of love and its lake, the couple went for supper and a took a long stroll through the city, before eventually returning to the hotel at around half past nine. Closing the door to their room behind him, John took off his coat to put it on the clothes hanger. This was it then. "I really enjoyed this evening."
Sherlock smirked and took the bottle, almost unable to contain the excitement that slowly bubbled up inside of him. He couldn't believe that he too was suddenly meeting a family member that was supposed to be dead. "Thanks." he said and smiled brightly at his cousin, still unable to believe that she was actually here. "Okay.. guys.. how about we actually into the flat now?" Harry asked with a frown, looking at John with a mirrored expression. "Oh.. yeah, right, sorry." Sherlock said and stepped out of the way. "I uhm.. I made Spaghetti with tomato sauce.." he said, still looking at Clara, before dragging his gaze away and walking into the kitchen.
Charlie took the two stuffed animals and smiled a few seconds later, remembering that those were the girls' favourite animals. "Thanks." She said and held them close, feeling miserable enough to have earned the right to cuddle with them. Meanwhile John continued to stroke her hair gently. "How was it?" John asked Sherlock after a moment in a hushed voice.
"Well, Dennis-Roland.." Sherlock said with a little smirk, holding the man's hand longer than strictly necessary, before letting it go, "Look, how about we make copies of those files together and I'll return them to you ... let's say tonight? I could meet you somewhere for dinner. I really just need to take a quick peek into them and compare some data."
Sherlock couldn't help chuckle a little, when Donna left to get the shoes, smirking at his daughter, "Denise.. good one." he said and held out his hand to high five with his daughter.
"Charlie is sick." Sherlock said, sounding just a little panicky, he knew that there really wasn't an illness that could permanently harm her, but still he really didn't want her to be in pain. "When she came downstairs this morning she had her pyjama in a plastic bag and was wearing a fresh one because she's been sick tonight, her face was glowing red, she was sweating and she didn't say so, but obviously her stomach was aching."
"Yes, sure." David said and waited for his wife to go inside, before stepping inside himself. "And how are you coping with fatherhood?"
David chuckled at that. "That answer I hadn't expected. He doesn't seriously think I'd do that though, does he?" He asked, opening the door.
Sherlock smiled, "Don't worry, I'm pretty sure that whatever that was, it was real."
"True, but having that idea in the back of our mind will probably make us focus more on qualities that would make him a good security or not." Sherlock said, pulling the blanket a bit higher up over his shoulders.
"Well, I don't think we'd be treated like aliens.. I actually don't even know if they'd take us seriously after the wave of teenage/vampire romance novels that washed over the world." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "Everyone who claims to be a vampire would probably be just locked away somewhere."
"I actually don't want to.." Sherlock said and swallowed again, "Sleep, I mean.. I don't think I can anyway." he mumbled, shuffling closer up to John. "What usually helps best is watching you sleep and breathe.. as weird as that might sound." he mumbled and wrapped his arm around him.
"John, you're my son." Okay, that could mean a number of different things, but John wasn't in the mood to make this up to chance.
"Can't believe you thought I'd get a dog without telling you anything about it." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Also.. I'd have better ways to bribe you than Shepard's pie." he said and walked over to peck John's lips, before he continued to set the table.
John kissed his cheek and brought a hand up to the nape of Sherlock's neck. If this was what his boyfriend needed right now, he'd give it to him.
"Alright, two chocolate donuts coming right up." John said with a smile and got to his feet to throw on a shirt and a pair of trousers. He didn't bother to take a shower for that short a walk. "Could you put on the kettle in the meantime, please?"
"Well if we stop by at the kitchen we should pause for a glass of blood." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Pretty sure we need a lot of energy for the rest of the night."
Amy shook her head in mild protest. "I'm not tired too!" She said sullenly, because she didn't want to leave already. Violet stood up, having Ally on her hip and had a look at her other daughter. "Yes, we probably should." She said, sad to be leaving her son so soon again. "Would you be a dear and carry Amy downstairs?" The mother of six asked Sherlock with a smile.
"Yeah, that sounds good." Sherlock said and sat up a bit, "By the way, I told Greg about what's going on with the adoptions and the network.. Mycroft told me that he's been a police man in the Victorian Era so I thought even if methods changed, he still should have some experience that could help us out and honestly, if Mycroft says he's safe, then he probably is. He's likely run all background checks on every alter ego Greg ever had."
Vanessa chuckled warmly at that and shook her head a little. "Not quite, but I like that idea. Their heads look like the front part of a flat hammer. That means that their eyes are very far away from each other. Because of that they can see much more around them and don't have to turn their heads as much as us."
"Not really.. Mycroft always acted and looked older than he was so..." Sherlock shrugged, walking back over to the table and sitting down to look at the photos.
------------------------------------------
"Yeah, that can never hurt." John agreed and pecked his lips. "Speaking of hurting; we should maybe bring our daughter that tea you've made."
house. And they really weren't treating her like a threat right now.
"Hello Scout, very nice to meet you." John chuckled as Scout had gone from sniffing his hand to holding his forehead against John's open palm so he would start stroking his head already. Obviously John picked up on this and was quick to oblige. "Am I doing it right?" He asked their little dog whisperer with a smile.
"Yeah, sure." Charlie nodded and sat her glass down on the table, before holding her hand out to Rosie. "Come on then, I'm sure you'll like the colour of it." She chuckled, waiting for Rosie to follow along.
Sherlock smiled, taking John's hand and lacing their fingers, "I'm glad, to be honest I was a bit worried, you'd wake up thinking you've made a mistake." he said and sighed, "But.. perhaps you should have just a little sip.. it'll really make you feel a lot better.." he said and frowned a little as he had an idea, "It might be stupid, but I could take a sip and kiss you right after.. just so you get a bit of an idea what to expect."
"Well, how about that," Sherlock said and looked at her, "You make sure you get better grades and do whatever work you have to do for school, even if it's boring and you and I will put in an hour or two every day, let's say right after Rosie goes to bed, where we'll work on whatever you're interested in?" he suggested.
John rolled his eyes at that kind of reaction and let Sherlock sulk. Remembering he was still holding that sandwich from before, he sat down on his chair and to wait until the thought of that bag wouldn't make him feel like throwing up anymore.
"You think?" John asked with a raised eyebrow. "I mean, apart from medicine, rugby, that scholarship thing,- okay I think I see what you mean."
"Yeah, sure, but if he turns out to be a dick in a while, I'll be crushed anyway." Charlie said with a shrug. "I don't think I've that much to lose yet so I'm just enjoying it."
"Well.. I didn't hide behind trees.." Robert said and cleared his throat, "But.. do you remember that time when you were nearly hit by a car when you were eight and someone pushed you out of the way, got hit himself, but made a run for it, before you could get a clear look at him?" he asked and looked at his grandson with a smile, "I saw that thank you note [cf. notes] you pinned to the tree nearest to where it happened.. I've still got it pinned to my fridge, actually.." he mumbled and blushed lightly.
"You bet I won't." John said with a chuckle, knowing she'd probably put that to the test. That girl definitely close to putting his own adventurousness in the shade; which really was an impressive thing to do. "Bedroom it is then." He smirked, waiting for Sherlock to follow him.
Yeah, sounds neat. It's awesome you can already read a watch" Charlie said with a smile and glanced at her own watch. "In the meantime, how about we get started on your first letter?"
"No, it's not." John agreed. "Alright, I'm fine with you giving our twelve year old daughter spy and combating training. That might actually help and protect her. The only thing where I draw the hard line is her body."
"Did you think I was kidding when I said you don't have to worry about money anymore?" Sherlock asked, raising a brow, "I'm talking about a nine digit sum here.. told you it piled up and we have some valuable stocks..."
Sherlock smiled, blushing a little, "Let's go get you something to eat." he said sheepishly, taking John's hand and leading him into the house, "Do you mind if I drink while I cook?" he asked and frowned at how that sounded, "I mean.. blood.. not alcohol.." he said with a chuckle.
"No, which makes it all the more frustrating that practically no one does that." John said with a sigh. "She really is an awesome girl."
John sighed and sat down at the table. He was more than fine with being the one to say no to ponies, but disagreeing with Sherlock on major things in front of the kids was something different. "How about I pick Rosie up today so you can stay here with Charlie?"
"I'd almost say she trusted us very quickly after we'd told her we weren't baddies. I mean, until we'd talked to the teachers I really thought she was just a very open child." John commented, though he could definitely see that a lot of children completely lacked healthy scepticism."
"Yeah he does..." Sherlock said and sighed a little, feeling that same fear bubble up again, that he might lose him, but he shook it off quickly, really not wanting to spoil this moment with his mother. "What about Paul then.. is he a vampire? Did you turn him?"
"Erm... but that way John and Sherlock wouldn't be as surprised by your 'mistletoes' poster, don't you think?" Charlie asked, though it was really quite tempting to just let her do it.
"Yes, back then, I wanted that choice, but you have nothing to do with that. The me you should be concerned with is the one right in front of you, right now. John, I don't love him. I love you. Of course I still feel sad about him being dead and yes, I still miss him as well, but.. you know I'm almost madder at you for making me think about this at all, than you deciding to be all generous and give me to him, but.. maybe it makes me a bad person, but.. I'm glad I didn't tell him when I met him again. I'm glad I didn't know how to turn people back then. Because all of that lead me to you. Even if I hate myself for being happy that I couldn't save him. Thank you for making me realise that. But what it really boils down to is.. maybe he was my first love. And maybe I suffered a lot when he died, but he wasn't the love of my life, John. What I've felt for him is not even a fraction of what I'm feeling for you. And to be quite honest, John, I'm not even sure I'd still be with him at this point. You don't get it, do you? What Victor and I had.. it wasn't the same, it didn't have the magnitude of what we have. I didn't get a choice with Victor. I fell in love with him because he was there, he was like me, we had that in common. We loved each other, a lot, John. But back then, when you were like this, you whether ignored it and got married, or you stayed lonely. It was luck to meet someone like you and get to know he's like you in the first place. It was grasping at straws. He and I we needed each other because the only other option was loneliness. That was the foundation of our love, even if we didn't realise it at the time.. You and me... we chose each other, both you and I could have other people if we wanted, we don't have to be together, but we want to. And we don't just want to be together because it's the only way we get to have love in our lives." he said and took a deep breath, he hadn't even noticed the tears that started to roll out of his eyes when he had talked. Wiping his face, he poured himself another glass of wine, before grabbing the whole bottle as well and turning around, shaking his head as he walked towards the bedroom, slamming the door shut behind himself. He really did hate himself for feeling that way, but it was the truth. He was pretty sure Victor and him would have split up at this point. And if Victor had agreed to let John tell him how to turn.. he wouldn't even have a chance to meet John, because he wouldn't exist. So what John actually did was giving Victor the chance to unintentionally ruin all of their lives, wiping one of those lives out entirely and that was why Sherlock couldn't see John's actions as the sacrifice it was.
"Perhaps at the time.." Richard said and gave a small shrug, "Shortly after she started to feel the Alzheimer's effects, she told me she regretted it, though." he said with a sigh, closing his eyes for a moment before he opened them again, "She said that if she could change one decision it would have been that." he said sadly and shook his head, "It was too late though. There was no guarantee that turning would reverse that kind of disease and even though she did ask me to turn her, I knew she wouldn't want to live like that forever. It was one of her biggest fears about it after all, having her mind tampered with…"
"You know, if I ever came across the people who did that to you, I'd kill them painfully." John said quietly with sad eyes, sounding dead-serious. A few moments later he stepped forward to pull Sherlock into a warm hug.
"Actually.. it's been a while for me too.." Sherlock said and frowned a little, "About a year..." he said and felt a little ashamed about it as well. Taking a deep breath, he held his hand out to Mycroft, "Truce for today?" he asked, this time giving him an honest half smile, though he still couldn't bring himself to make it a full one, but even he didn't think it was right to childishly bicker with his brother here.
"I just like it.. Mycroft and I played something similar when we were kids.. we didn't have a board and figures.. but one of us thought of a murder or another crime, gave some hints and the other had to find out what happened." Sherlock said and chuckled, "But.. about the dress.. I think I'll skip uni tomorrow and go shopping..." he smirked.
"Good, that's noted. And I'll try my best not to." John said with a chuckle and grabbed his keys, before opening the front door. "Love you, Sher" He called into the kitchen, before turning back around.
"That's our theory at least." Sherlock said and glanced at John, "And I know you think I should have talked to you about how much we can tell him, but he's on their radar now and could be in danger because of us, so the least we can do is tell him
Sherlock smiled, "Sounds good to me." he said and pulled John into his arms again, kissing him passionately without giving either of them a chance to talk more about that incident. It wasn't worth any more addressing.
"Or ever..." Victor said with a bit of a sigh. He'd propose to William in a heartbeat if it was possible. "William is convinced that someday it might be possible for men to openly be together and even get married," he said with a huffed chuckle, his eyes lighting up a bit at the idea, "He's such a romantic." he said with an almost dreamy smile.
"Teleny, actually." Sherlock said and blinked his eyes open again, "It's a homosexual romance playing and actually written and published in the Victorian era. It's presumed that Oscar wrote it, but he never actually confirmed it, however, I always meant to read it, but it was hard to get by a copy back then, then I forgot a while about it and only recently found it in book store again."
"Right, I hadn't even thought of that. It's a bit of a strange "niche market", thinking about it." He said, opening the front door and stepping outside into the sun. "Anyway, I'm still three years from becoming a doctor's assistant, never mind an independent one, so that's still quite far out of reach. At least it feels like that to me."
Sherlock chuckled a little at that, "It's not just because of me, Richard would have found a way to get in touch with David somehow." he said and rested his head on John's chest, "I'm pretty sure he wouldn't have stayed away forever."
"I think I prefer that over a military cut." Charlie said with a chuckle. "If you ever decide differently just come to me. I think a lot of girls wear their hair short at the moment." He commented and Charlie shook her head. "Yeah... not happening"
"Yes, she has. It's good you've found a job where you can use both your talent for children and your talent for books." Viktor commented with a smile.
"Scrubbing the floor is definitely a synonym.." Sherlock mused, nipping at his glass again, before he realised something, "Should we have breakfast on the sofa?" he asked and frowned lightly, "I mean.. I know we can't kiss when I'm drinking blood.. but cuddling seems fine..." he said and smiled happily.
A few hours later they're sitting in a cab again on their way back home, a couple of big shopping bags placed around them and next to their feet. John didn't even really know how they'd managed to buy that much. Towards the end he'd just trotted along and helped carry the bags until Sherlock had been pleased with what they'd got. Looking over what they'd bought once more, John couldn't help finding that Sherlock had gone a little overboard on their shopping trip. "So... have fun?"
Sally stared at him quite indignantly and thrust the craft supplies into John's hand. "Unbelievable.." She huffed angrily and turned on her heels to go back into the teacher's room. This had to be some sort of bloody joke. Rachel wouldn't believe this..
"So why did you call me over?" Richard said as Sherlock put on the kettle, glancing suspiciously at the bags on the kitchen table, "Did you just lure me here so I'd help with whatever renovation plan you have?" he asked and Sherlock smirked, "Unless you're offering, no, you don't have to have. It's.. about David." he said and Richard stiffened, "Is he alright? Did something happen?" he asked and Sherlock shook his head, "No, no, he's fine.. more or less. We uhm.. we told him about you." he said and Richard blinked, "You.. oh. So.. he knows I'm .. alive?"
"Well, I haven't exactly brought anything comfy to change into, but then again I suppose I really could change out of yesterday's clothes sometime." John said with a chuckle, brushing his lips against Sherlock's once more.
"Right.." William mumbled and frowned a bit, "I suppose talking is the more pleasant one then?" he asked warily.
"Yes, Rachel, I got it. It may surprise you, but I do possess the ability to absorb information given to me even if I don't point out that I have." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes. "Speaking of information certain people need to pin to their foreheads, isn't a lovely a ring John's given to me when he official proposed to me on Christmas day." he said with a smirk as he held out his hand for her to see.
John carefully put the cake down on one of the tables and stepped back a bit. "But first the most important part: You've got to blow out the candles and make a wish, alright?"
"Really? I didn't even see her. That's some-" John began with a chuckle, before being cut off by a woman opening the door. "Hello, how can I help you?"
Sherlock laughed, "Yeah just a bit younger." he said and rolled his eyes.
"Well they deserve more than curses." Sherlock said and shook his head again, "You forget that I've seen it, I've seen what they did. That. That was cruel and sick, yes."
Sherlock smiled, holding his hand out for John, "Let's hope I still turn you on more than the lasagne when it's ready." he said and chuckled, "I wasn't kidding about cooking for you by the way, I will.. I don't have to do that much for uni anyway.."
Charlie blushed crimson and nodded. "Mmh, thanks." She replied quietly, avoiding to look at him. He already knew something was up, didn't he?
Sherlock's lips curled up into a smile at that, "Yeah.. I suppose we have." he said and chuckled again, "We should run everywhere.. we could double the number of snog stops like that." he grinned, leaning in to capture John's lips with his own.
A few days later, Sherlock had just dropped Charlie and Rosie off at their respective classrooms, before he made his way to Dorothy's office, knocking lightly, before he poked his head through the door, "Do you have a moment to talk?" he asked.
"How long did you have to cope there?" Scott asked him after a moment; he'd been wondering that for decades.
"You know.. perhaps you could go to the flower shop around the corner while I go upstairs to have lunch? I don't think taking something with me would be a good idea. I mean.. it would be hard to explain why I'm bringing my own drink..." he said and squeezed John's hand, glad that he was so understanding about this.
Violet smiled a little at that and nodded. "And he took you to a family event quite early on from an objective point of view." She commented. "Why do you think did he do hat?"
"Now I'm disappointed." He chuckled. "By the way, how much time do we have until the next guard change?" John asked him with a smile, taking his hand again, before going up the stairs.
Sherlock smiled, "That's alright.." he said and nudged John's nose with his own, "I know." he said and chuckled again, "I mean, I still don't know how I've managed to make you fall for me, but I'm absolutely certain you love me." he said and smiled, "Though that doesn't mean I don't like hearing it." he added with a smirk.
"Sure." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Good night. And sleep well."
"Yeah, I really do think soundproofing the bedroom would come in handy now." Sherlock said and chuckled a little as he snuggled up against John, "Doesn't feel much different than being a normal human, though, does it?"
John smiled at that and hoped it would help Rosie a little in the future with the other kids. "Sounds great to me. How many soon-to-bees have you got in there then?" He asked with a bit of a smirk.
Amy nodded excitedly and went on. "And they were talking about which numbers boys in Ambers newspaper had!" She said and Charlie hid her face in Sherlock's neck with a pained groan. John had to hold back a chuckle at how blunt they were being, though he did feel sorry for Charlie. "You two are going to become two sneaky spies, I can tell." He chuckled, before asking. "Could you maybe get your mummy here? We'd like to say hi to her too."
"You only think he's alright because he made clear that he's got zero sexual interest in me." Sherlock teased, leaning in to peck John's lips.
"True that." John chuckled and got out his wallet (because he already knew which one of them was going to pay for dinner and admittedly letting Sherlock pay for everything made him feel cheap.) Charlie meanwhile opened the door on the side of the busy street to get out faster only to have it quickly closed again by John. "Let's best get all out on the side of the pavement, okay?"
John smirked at that. "Well, it was a lot of fun yesterday. I'm glad they agree." He said, but left it at that; Sherlock didn't need to know just how pleased he was it had gone that well. Hopefully they kept at it.
Ron smiled, "That's nice of them. Glad you and your sister weren't separated then," he said and watched her feed Juan for a moment, "He's older than me, you know. 18 years soon." he said and tickled Juan's chin.
Sherlock chuckled again, "Sorry, yeah.. I just kind of promised her there won't be any talk about it tonight." he said and smirked, pulling John against him for a moment.
"Hey, love." John greeted him and wrapped an arm around him to pull him closer (yeah, they'd only been apart for the day, but he wasn't used to that). "Hard day, was it?"
John smiled at that and opened his mouth again when Charlie appeared in the living room. "Okay, the chicken nuggets are in the oven and David and I are making fresh ketchup fresh for you and us." She updated them. "Do you need to have something healthy on the table? Otherwise we'll just stick to that."
"Okay, good. What's on then?" Charlie asked once the door closed and John cleared his throat. "Well, you know how I'd been thinking about turning?" He began and Charlie stopped him after a second, realising what he was implying. "/Had been/ thinking? You're not thinking about it anymore? You wouldn't call me to tell me you've decided not to, would you?" She asked immediately and John was a bit taken aback by how quick she was. "Erm, well no, we wouldn't.." He started with a frown, but Charlie was already cheering. "Are you /serious/?? Paps, did he really?"
"That's okay, I think." Rosie said with a frown, "Can you promise not to make poo poo when we walk you?" she asked, looking at Scout who looked back at her with a look that basically said 'I have no idea what you're talking about'.
Sherlock smiled as he nipped at his glass, before it hit him. Oh no. No, not the dream. Not again. Why was he dreaming the exact same thing again? This time though, he knew. He knew it was a dream and he wasn't going to make it that easy for it this time as he without bothering to put on more than his pyjama pants and morning gown rushed after John, the glass still in hand as he caught up with him on the street, "Stop no. Dont do that. Don't go to Corners. Just.. don't." he said and felt a bit foolish, but also kind of gleeful that he had beaten the nightmare.
"I-, yeah, sure. See you later." Charlie nodded and got to her feet. Right, they'd have to go to Mrs. Turner now.
"A sketch will do, we're in London, it won't be hard to find a tailor that is able to make a sewing pattern from a sketch." Sherlock said and smiled at Charlie.
"Sure, I will" John said and Charlie took the dress before disappearing into a changing room. This was so exciting!
"Let's keep sitting here for a while." William said and reached out for a random book from one of the shelves next to him, just so he could pretend he was reading a story for Jim, which no one would really mind in his state.
Sherlock chuckled a little at that, "Well Angelo apparently refuses to let me pay for anything ever since I got him off that murder charge." he said with a roll of his eyes, "Pretty sure if you ever come here alone, or with a friend, he won't charge you either."
John recognised that smile for what it was (even if it wasn't his '2017 John smile') and chuckled a little. "You're welcome. And thanks, I've got a feeling my fiancé will like it." He said, before turning around for good to get back to the shed.
"Well, you know I'm studying medicine, so if they'll be here a lot, I'll probably stay at the library more often again. I don't mind them over, just don't expect too much help from my side; I still have to catch up on chemistry after today and I have a feeling it might take a while." He commented with a sigh.
"You mean /my/ blood type, or my preferred blood type?" Sherlock asked and raised a brow at John, not quite sure where that increased interest in his eating habit came from all of a sudden.
"It's one of the best of mine too." Sherlock said and smiled to himself, letting the calming presence of his mother sink in. It really felt good to have her here, perhaps there was more of a teenager in him than he thought before, or maybe not. What he was sure of though, was that he would probably handle it way better if something should happen to John with his mother around.
Sherlock smiled widely at that, before he sat straighter up again to cough properly.
"Hm.." Sherlock said, genuinely wondering if they did have the same person after all. "He didn't seem to be able to even pretend he's normal." he said with a frown, "Did he tell you his last name?"
"Yeah." Rosie said and nodded, "I they look almost the same! I thought both have to be the same way around." she said and frowned, finding that to be the only logical concept.
Charlie shrugged, though she'd clung onto the photograph. "I was two, there isn't all that much to forget. They lived in the suburbs, so I figure that that's where they're lying. ...But if I don't gave relatives though, who'd be paying for a grave in the first place?"
"How about an agreement instead of soothing words though." Sherlock said as he got out everything they needed for the pesto, "We both stop beating ourselves up over it and use that energy to work on being a little more attentive? How does that sound?"
"Here it is." Viktor said after a moment and put the still-turned-off microphone onto the coffee table. When John came back into the sitting room and handed Viktor Ron's drawing to identify her, he took a few seconds to notice the small thing on the table and gave Sherlock a shocked look. "Yes, that's her. I never forget a face. You already know her then?"
"Juan?" Charlie asked and chuckled when she spotted the little tortoise. "Oh, hi there, Juan! And no, they're my fathers, but that's an easy mistake." She said with a smile and began walking towards the chairs Ron had pointed at. Having grown up around adults that just never aged, she didn't really find it as odd as mortals probably did. Thinking about it, dad was probably more liberal than they gave him credit, considering he had been a mortal until three months ago.
John watched Sherlock's work on the lasagna, before looking back at his boyfriend. "Well, I'm sure interested to see how he is in real life. From all I've heard he's pretty great." " “Hm, he is.." Sherlock said and turned to John with a smile, "I happen to like his grandson better though." he said and leaned over to steal himself a kiss. "I'm not 100% sure how much he'll like me dating his grandson though." he laughed.
"Oh, shut it, you we can't all be rich." John replied in good humour. "If that's not fast enough I could always make one out of aluminium or string."
Paul nodded and closed the door behind himself, before following Sherlock into the living room. "They're still in bed?"
John smirked at that and took Sherlock's hand. "Paps, can I make milkshakes for us? I bet, they'd go well with cake." Charlie asked, before turning to Rosie before he could reply. "Wanna help me? I'd even let you in on my secret recipe." She offered with a smirk.
"I'd rather watch them alone actually." Charlie said and walked out of the room. She couldn't wait to unpack all of this and read through everything... That was gonna be a long night.
John was consoled by that and knew they had more important things going on right now. Clara nodded at that and gave Harry a short and meaningful glance. She doubted that Sherlock had told his boyfriend his whole life story within the first week. And she didn't want to take that away from her cousin, so she just played it safe. "Yes, my father and his mother are brother and sister. That cousin I talked about earlier on? That was Sherlock." She replied with a nod. "We used to see each other a lot back then, so you can imagine how glad I am to see him again." Clara added with a smile to her cousin, before having an idea how to get on the same page with everyone. "Speaking of which, I don't want to be rude on this occasion, but I can't eat all of this. Would you mind to share mine with me, sweetheart?"
"Oh.." Emma said and smiled a little, "Well.. I'm glad you don't rush that decision at least." she said and bit her lip, "But to be honest, I would feel a lot better knowing you can't just be killed over there." she said.
Charlie didn't wait for her to repeat that and ran under the Christmas tree, causing John to laugh a bit as she was already unwrapping her own. "Come over and unwrap yours too." She called with a smile.
Sherlock smiled as John woke up, he'd been awake for a couple of hours already, which had calmed him a little if he was honest, waking up later than him was still reminding him too much of that dream, but waking up and just watching him sleeping and feeling his warm breath on his chest was more healing than any talk or therapy could be. "Morning.." he murmured softly, wrapping his arm tighter around John.
"I'm sure she'd really like that." John said with a smile and suggested to get her a stereo as they continued to talk. About a good 20 minutes or so later John was really beginning to feel quite light-headed. "... at how much.., erm, blood am I? Kinda.. kinda lost track of time."
"Sounds good." John chuckled and wrapped his arms around Sherlock after setting his phone aside again. "I love you." He said after a while.
Charlie took it carefully, trying to stay under her blanket, before listening to it. "Cool.." She said and smiled a bit before turning around to cough. Afterwards she gave the stethoscope back to Paul, who disinfected the eartips again. "I'll have a listen too then." He said with a smile before beginning to auscultate her. "Can you leave in a minute?" Charlie asked Sherlock while Paul and Rosie where busy.
"Oh I wouldn't dare." Sherlock said with a chuckle and went to boil some water.
"Right, I forgot about the texting. But I was going to knock, you know." John said and gave him a bit of a look, before suddenly asking. "How long have you been wanting to have children now?" It had been one of the first things he'd talked to him about when they had got together.
"They're actually very patient.." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Should we redeem them after all?" he asked and rolled on top of John, pecking the other man's lips, "When I was that age, every moment I had to wait to open my presents was torture." he said and crossed his arms on John's chest, resting his chin on them.
John got to his feet again and took Sherlock's hand, before walking after Daphne. He nudged Sherlock's shoulder and gave him a bit of a look that said something like. 'You really like her, don't you?'
"What do you mean 'still'? It's been two whole weeks, love. Two." John said, holding his hands up in mock-defence. "You two settle that among yourselves. Though, personally, after your birthday still sounds like a reasonable period of time." Violet told Sherlock with a chuckle.
"You're being so nice to be this weekend. It's a right shame I can't turn again sometime." John joked with a chuckle. "If we still want to call the girls, though, we should do it soon. I want to go back to sleep in half an hour or so."
"You wouldn't." Victor said and gave John a little smile, "Do you realise what you're willing to give up for him, just so he doesn't have to suffer from the loss of losing the person he loved before you? And.. from the way you looked when you offered it, I get the impression that there's even more at stake than you let on." he said and looked down for a moment, before looking back up, "You know what my only concern is about the whole turning matter? It's not the possibility I might regret it.. I just want to make sure he's happy. If it weren't for that, if you were just a friend of him and you didn't have the girls.. I wouldn't even have to think about it. I'd instantly say yes."
John nodded. "Yeah, this is quite the coincidence if you think about it." He said, shaking his head a little. "Thanks for e-mailing him by the way, love."
"Yeah, they are," Rosie said and smiled happily, visibly proud to be able to teach something to the younger kids, "They are all sisters! But only the bee queen gets babies! And when the boys made babies with the queen they die!" she explained, letting it sound really dramatic and Ally looked at her with wide eyes, "She makes the bee boys dead?" she asked and Rosie shook her head, "No.. they just die because they're only there to make babies.. but there is a spider that kills the boys after making babies and then she eats the boys and-" Rosie was cut off by Sherlock, "Rosie, you know what I was just thinking," he began mostly to change the subject because Ally looked mildly terrified, "I know how to extract honey out of a bee hive, we could start making our own honey if Mrs Hope is alright with that.." he said and Rosie gaped, "Really? Cool!"
Richard smiled, nodding, "Yeah.. that'd be great, actually." he said and Sherlock smiled, "So.. we're going to tell Harry and Clara on Sunday then?" Sherlock asked and looked at John, "I mean.. I'm pretty sure Harry will take it well, but what about Clara?" he asked.
Sherlock chuckled, "See told you I can take it." he said and laughed as he picked her up bridal style, "Need a ride?" he asked with a chuckle, "Or.. a.. carry?" he added.
Janine had to laugh at that. "Its been literal millennia since I've done that though.." She said and frowned trying to remember some of the parts of dances she'd known back then. "Okay, just imagine I'm wearing a long gown and holding a tambourine." She said after a few seconds and stood up, before beginning to basically belly-dance, imagining their old music. Her muscle memory was good for nothing anymore in that regard, so she basically did the Roman equivalent of club-dancing.
"I mean.. they can't exactly be far away.. this is an enclosed space.. It's not like they could just stumble through a portal or something." Sherlock said, following John's lead.
"Come on, honeys, it just so happens that it's nap time now anyway. We'll be back when you wake up." She thought she'd become quite good at scheduling life around their children's sleeping schedules. "Say goodbye to Sherlock." Violet said and took the girls from her son to usher them inside and get her husband to bring them into their cots. "Bye, Lock." Amy said and gave him a little wave.
"When he showed me the library in that hospital he suggested 'the cat in the hat' as one of the least boring books, when I asked for a book with more words he seemed instantly bored and handed me a bible.." Sherlock said and shrugged, "Do I have to say more?"
"Should we let them know, though? I mean, it seems weird to send them a text or something, but I feel like we should prepare them for it, rather than springing it on them when we come back." Sherlock said and looked out of the window again at the Eiffel Tower that was lit up by now.
Sherlock chuckled lightly, sitting up, and blinking his eyes open, "I should probably go out to do some grocery shopping.." he said and yawned, still feeling tired, "Sorry, I'm not used to living with someone that requires solid food on a regular basis." he chuckled again.
"She's not going to like it." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "But yeah, I suppose it's time for that." he said and sighed, "You sure you want to do this? I mean.. we could do it together."
Sherlock smiled and gave Amber - apparently his stepsister - a little wave, unsure what else to do, "Hi.." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, he was actually somewhat nervous, after all he'd really prefer if his mother's family would like him. "Uhm.. I'm Sherlock." he said and smiled lightly.
Rosie grinned at that, "I love you too!" she said and pursed her lips, thinking, "Should we go upstairs and get the sheet before Lock and John come home? We have to finish my mistletoe poster too."
"Erm, yeah, that might be a good idea." John chuckled and put the bags down in the living room, before following Sherlock into the kitchen. "Don't tell me they actually grew legs and ran away." He said with a frown, noticing the note in Sherlock's hand. "Mrs Hudson's an angel."
"And I could try to make stuffed peppers for us tomorrow." Charlie offered after a moment, figuring now that they were going to the store anyway they could already get that too.
"Hm... no, no, you're right, that was stupid of me." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I think Mummy agrees that isn't a white lie.. and you shouldn't do that." he said and smiled down at his little sister, he had that coming, hadn't he?
"Oh don't do that." Sherlock said and laughed, "Seriously, do not try to down loads of juice in advance because you won't get to drink the whole day. I did that when John introduced me to his parents. Didn't go down so well." he said with a laugh as he got out three glasses.
"Well, I suppose it had a lot to do with the fact that everyone was a pretty excited to meet me.. you know, because of mum." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "If they weren't acting like that, I don't think she'd have trusted us so fast."
"Yeah please!" Rosie said excitedly as Sherlock set her down to take the camera, "Print it twice." he said as he handed John the camera. "Can I watch how you print it?" she asked, looking up at John.
"Glad you're enjoying it." Sherlock said as he sat down next to her in the car, quickly leaning forward to tell the cabbie his address, before he leant back again, fixing his seatbelt.
Sherlock smiled, standing up and holding out his hand for John, "You know, I was thinking if they allow it, we could have Rosie and Charlie over for an afternoon this weekend, I'm sure you'd like her."
"Didn't you already say that when you made him tutor those children?" John asked with a chuckle. "I mean, don't get me wrong, I think he totally deserves it for that." He gathered their dishes and came to stand next to Sherlock, putting their plates and wine glasses on the pile of dirty dishes next to the sink. "Okay, yeah, we really need to do the dishes."
"It is?" Sherlock asked, immediately getting the idea that someone who had visited could have been in league with that network and perhaps had stolen the key? After all they didn't regularly check if it was still there, but that made no sense. They only ever had family over, none of them would work for such an organisation, he'd bet his life on that. "Did Rosie let someone inside with that key?"
Sherlock pulled out a one hundred pound note, handing it to Harry before she could reply, "Keep the rest. It's for all three rides plus tip." he said and chuckled a little at Harry's expression, "Oh god you're just like Clara, waving money around like you've just had it piling up for centuries." she said and smirked to herself like it was an insider joke only she understood.
"Yeah, all of it. It really is quite big." Greg said with a chuckle and put Rosie's boxes into the boot. "Anyway, see you in two days. Say hi to John from me."
"...twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty." Jane murmured to herself, standing with her back against the door leading outside after she had just stumbled in on the two of them kissing, she could have intervened, but she kind of felt like those two deserved at least 30 seconds of enjoying their inappropriate little adventure, which she found actually really sweet, if she was honest, but he was pretty sure her brother wouldn't be as fond of the two together as she was. "Alright, that's enough. I'm sorry, Mr Trevor, but I have just remembered that Miss Charlotte and I have a pressing engagement, we can't miss."
"Yeah, she's good at that." John chuckled before glancing back at the bug. "So, shall we continue talk downstairs then?"
"Could your uncle....?" Sherlock asked, not sure what to say, really. "But.. that's unlikely, Ally did say 'mummy' drinks it too..." he said and frowned, "It must be her... But.. honestly this is sick. You can't just... I mean.. even if she mentally grows up.. she'll never be able to live a normal life.." he said and leant back against the counter.
“Yeah, Mrs Turner is almost as creative with tomato based recipes as my landlady is." Sherlock said with a chuckle, carefully setting the plates down on Rosie's small desk, making sure not to spill anything on Rosie's work.
"Yeah, it's all good.. just Rosie just wanted to go and get a kinder egg bee from upstairs for your mother and when she didn't come back down I ... I was just wondering what she was doing." Sherlock said, which roughly translated to 'I was terrified I might have failed protecting her and she was already in the clutches of organised crime'. "But she was just.. jumping on the bed.." he said with a stress-chuckle.
"It's just a fact." Sherlock said and chuckled, "A fact I've proven again last night." he added and pecked John's lips.
"No, don't worry, I'm just kidding. I wouldn't go that far." John said and chuckled. "You still like ham and pineapple, right?"
"Oh come /on/." Charlie snorted after looking at him for two seconds. "I wasn't being /that/ obvious about it. He's awesome, though, so thanks for asking." She said and sat down next to him.
"I'm glad to hear that. Especially that you two don't get on each other's nerves. I mean, I love Paul, but we do need breaks from each other here and there." Violet said with a chuckle. "I think with every other person that'd be the case for me too." John commented, a smile flickering across his face.
"Well.. that ring has been passed down from my Grandmother to my father to give it to my mother and well I was supposed to give it to the woman I'd marry.. which effectively doomed that ring to 200 years of lying in her jewellery box in our cottage. But I thought since I'm going to get engaged after all.." he said, giving a small shrug, "200 years?" Rosie asked and frowned, "Isn't that like a lot of years?" she asked and Sherlock cleared his throat, having forgotten about the fact that Rosie wasn't in on all of their secrets. "Did I say 200?" he asked and chuckled a little, "I erm, I meant 20."
"Good morning..." Sherlock said, waking up from a light slumber at John's movement. For a moment slightly worried this was a repeat of the same dream but then he realised they were both still naked and entangled, which hadn't been part of the dream. "I'm gonna punch you unconscious for your own safety if you say you want to get croissants from Corner's.." he said with a chuckle, his mood still much brighter.
"Yeah.. well, I actually have a spare bedroom.. I mean.. I could make that a room for Amy and Ally.. I was going to suggest to help with their education anyway since they seemed very smart.." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Like.. Mycroft and me.." he said and smirked at knowing now that they were much more like Mycroft and him than he initially thought. "But I'd still like that.." he said and chuckled, "I mean.. after all I'm a 56 times graduated chemist with some other degrees as well.."
"Really?" John asked. "Poor thing, though, that's better than Amy or Ally." He joked a bit. "The thing is, I can't take my mouth too full, because so was I last year." John said with a bit of a laugh.
Sherlock sighed, "But they did it! It was the only possible conclusion from all the evidence if they are to stupid to write rules for their own game, that's not my fault." he said and rolled his eyes. "Oh god stop it, my teeth!" Harry exclaimed jokingly and laughed, "Even your bickering is sweet.." she chuckled.
"Or maybe it's good you're not really used to it yet, that way I've got someone to stop me when I'm getting overboard spoiling the kids." Sherlock said and took John's hand, leading him over to the window, moving his arms around him from behind, "So what do you think of Paris in the twilight?" he asked with a smile.
Sherlock chuckled along with John, "It is." he said and smiled, wondering how she'd have turned out if she'd have stayed in the orphanage all on her own. There was so much potential in her that would have been wasted if people had kept paying barely any attention to her.
"I'll leave those decisions completely to you." John said with a chuckle. Interior design really wasn't his strong suit. "Have you already drunk something since lunch?"
Rosie was really excited about what she had just heard Mrs Hope say. She had said that there was someone bad doing something to the kids here and that surely called for a detective to take on the case. She was pretty sure she could find out who the bad guy was, she was really good at figuring out if someone was bad or not, so she could do this. She just had to do what the detectives in Scooby Doo did and look for clues. But she needed an assistant. Because for real clues, she needed to read things and she couldn't, but she knew that Charlie could and Charlie was really very smart she thought as she walked over to the rooms for the older girls and knocked on Charlie's door - she knew it was hers because she had seen her walk into it a lot.
John looked at him and grinned a little at the other student. "Is that so?" He chuckled and gave Sherlock's hand a squeeze.
"Yeah, it's crazy... And you've gained three new sisters. I'm so happy for you, love." He said with a bright smile. "And Violet's really a great woman."
Sherlock smiled, quickly rinsing his mouth, before he walked into the bedroom, figuring that'd increase his chances of a kiss dramatically. He felt like he was all but ready for rehab with the kiss withdrawal, this was probably the longest they have gone without even a peck.
Sherlock frowned, "True.. well, I'll ask my brother he's dating the teacher I work with.. he can probably give him some explanation why I might have to leave in a hurry at some random moment." he said and shrugged, "Although.. maybe we should just let Greg in on it... he's trustworthy and as much as I detest my brother I don't want to burden the first relationship he ever had with lies on my account."
"Well, first of all, that one's on your mum, and second of all, that's awesome in my book." She said and smiled. "With your name you'll always carry a bit of her passion with you; I mean, that's special."
"But I like that about him, he's right! People should share their money more!" Rosie said and wiggling her legs a little, which were not yet long enough to reach the floor when she was sitting on the sofa.
"Hm.." Sherlock hummed and rubbed Charlie's arm little, "I think neither John nor I would mind if we'd have to share that position with him." he said and gave her a smile.
Charlie's eyes widened as she looked up at John. "Are you ill?" She asked immediately, reminded of his mortality by he glass of water. "What? No, Charlie. No, I'm really fine." He said and didn't know how feel about how relieved she looked. She reached for her glass of blood as he continued. "It's that I've been thinking a lot lately, especially because of our strange dream, and I've decided that I want to turn into a vampire. I mean, it's not a hundred percent guarantee that I'll definitely turn, but as of now I'm very sure of it. I don't want to have to leave any of you, especially not you, Rosie and Sherlock, and that's worth almost any price to me." He told her shortly, figuring it was better to keep it simple and straight to the point, before watching her reaction carefully. Charlie didn't know what to say. She still didn't think turning was that big a deal, but the way John reasoned was definitely one. Were Rosie and her really that important to him? After a few seconds of silence, she looked at Sherlock for help.
"That's really cool. I hope you're gonna be done with those before my A-levels." Charlie said with a smile. Sherlock would be an interesting teacher for sure; plus he was good at simplifying complex things as far as she could tell.
"Well.. I wouldn't consider whatever's happening with those kids 'being adopted for real'. Even if they pretend to be a family, or whatever those sickos do, I hardly doubt they'd want to stay with the people who murdered their parents." Sherlock said with frown.
"Don't worry, I spent the hour before that convincing her that I won't be mad and that she should punch as hard as she can." Sherlock said and smiled lightly, "She was nearly in tears when my eye bruised, but that was settled with a hug and some hot chocolate. It's just really important that she learns to get over qualms like that in an extreme situation, which is also useful if at some point she ends up with a violent boyfriend, she has to learn that even if she loves someone she has to defend herself if someone attacks her. I mean, we will try our best to avoid her getting into such a situation, but truth is.. it can happen to everyone."
Sherlock chuckled and sat up a bit, squirming a bit more than he really had to from last night's activity. "You get some liquid breakfast too?" he asked and cleared his throat, "Coffee, I mean. I wasn't trying to get you to drink blood."
"I'm fine, that bump's gonna be gone in about an hour. Best thing about being a vampire, it takes a really very hard blow to do any severe damage to your skull, I can't even remember my last concussion." Sherlock said and chuckled a bit, "I'm not even I've had one since I've been turned, but don't let Charlie know about that."
Taking John's hand with a smile, he started to walk again, "Same." he said and unlocked the car.
Sherlock smiled even wider at that, "You realise that they will probably be already back at the orphanage when we're getting married? Or perhaps even with another family.." he said and frowned, especially despising the latter. Not that he didn't want them to have a family, but.. it kind of made him jealous to think about that.
"Yeah, we hid under Ambers bed and Amber and Charlie talked about the boy Charlie likes!" Ally chirped and snickered.
"Wir müssen John wirklich deutsch beibringen." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "But for now, let's switch back to English, he does look like he's eager to be part of the conversation." he joked and flashed his fiancé a smile.
"That she is." Sherlock said and chuckled again, placing the note on the counter, before he moved over to hug his boyfriend, "You want to call your dad? I'd really like to know if he's feeling better.." he said and pecked John's lips.
"Yeah? Mind to show me just how much?" John smirked after pulling back again and leading Sherlock back into their bedroom.
Sherlock chuckled, "Of course I will." he said and smirked, "But before that, I need to eat." he said and frowned, "Or.. drink.. you know what I mean." he said and grinned at John.
Sherlock snorted at the last part, "It's a mystery.." he said with a cheeky grin.
She'd made a sandwich with homemade ketchup and another medicine cocktail, which she both set down next to him. "You look much better already. Here try to eat something."
"They're really great kids." Sherlock said and felt a little guilty that he hadn't spend so much time with them lately.
"Yeah, obviously." Charlie said with a chuckle and slipped into her shoes. John pulled Rosie into a hug once he was ready to go. "And be nice to Mrs. Hudson, alright sweetheart?"
Sherlock just chuckled instead of an answer as he started to walk them back wards, knowing this flat inside and out, he had no problems walking backwards through it without running against something. "Should we take something to drink with us?" he asked and chuckled, "Water, I mean.. I don't really intend to leave the bedroom any time soon." he said with a smirk, stopping at the fridge.
John smiled back at her, though there definitely was some surprise in his look as well. "I'll tell her. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to hear that." John said and glanced at his boyfriend that was meant to convey something along the lines of 'Jesus I'm so glad you've come with me today'.
"My name's a lot in it." Rosie said and handed it to Charlie, before she sat down next to her and cuddled up to her a bit, hugging her as best as she could to comfort her.
John nodded at that. "Yes, let's get going then." He agreed and slipped off the bed, subtly offering his hand once he stood. "How about you drive back?"
"You know, people break their bones or even wind up dead, just because they think seatbelts are uncomfortable. Isn't that a stupid reason to get hurt, if it can be prevented that easily?" Viktor asked the girl with a raised eyebrow. hhh
Viktor couldn't help chuckling at that kind of a statement. "He seems to like you" he said, keeping an eye on Scout to make sure he wasn't too rough with her. "Okay, you can come inside." Charlie said after a moment, already pushing the trolley back into the store (okay, mainly because she got to keep the change)
Charlie smiled and opened the wallet, looking at him surprised. "That's more pocket money than I used to get. Is that gonna become a regular thing?"
Scout glanced up at her and, as if happy with that promise, positioned himself under her feet and rested his head on his front paws. "I think someone likes you." Viktor commented with a chuckle.
"Ugh, fine. Thank you. I should probably mark this day in my calendar, after all you just said something I'm doing is reasonable... that might be a first." Sherlock said and gave his brother a half smile, mostly for the sake of truce.
This was the first image of Mycroft he'd ever seen and judging by just how hilarious it was, John had a feeling he wouldn't forget it too easily. When he saw it, began to laugh as well and shook his head a little. "So that's the famous brother then?"
"Just out of the living room and right up the stairs. Her room's on the left." John told him, now more kindly than he had in the beginning.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Jane smiled, "Don't you worry, if I know one thing about Sherlock, then it's that his plans usually are a little.. unusual, but most of the time they work out." she said and glanced at Charlie, "Are you two related by blood? You and Rosie, I mean." she asked.
"I mean, there's still Jim, no erm.. Scott? And his brother." John said, though really, he had half-expected an answer like that; about a year ago he would've said he was Sherlock's only friend. He actually pretty relieved he hadn't been that ignorant of his fiancé's life. And Sherlock had become quite the social butterfly over the past year in contrast to how things had been. "I mean, if you'd rather go on like a pub crawl or a uni party with me and some of my mates instead of having wild sex for several hours when the girls are out, we could definitely do that."
"Nah, you're pretty as always." Ron said and sat down on the floor, before he poured her a cup of ginger tea and handing it to her. After a moment, he gathered his courage and reached for the stuffed heart key ring after all, blushing deeply as he held it out to her. "I.. I brought that for you too.." he mumbled,
Charlie grinned at that for more than one reason; it was a shame Rosie wouldn't get to see that, though Emma didn't seem as if she wasn't going to show them to them again. "Quick thinking." She commented with a smirk and John took the glass. "Thanks, even though I don't love the cover story." He said, before gulping down about two thirds of what was inside.
"We're family, of course I trust you." Sherlock said, stopping at another red light and turning to look at her with a smile, "So yeah, I'm serious. I'm also serious about showing you how to get into a locked car and starting without a key or specific tools or something someone who'd abduct you would take off of you..." he said and cleared his throat, "You know in case of a situation like the one I've mentioned before.. just.. maybe we feed all of that to John in bits. First the lessons then later on I will admit to him that I taught you how to steal cars.." he chuckle.
John sighed and looked out of the window, thinking... He'd thought about this for months and had seriously considered it for weeks, talked to Harry and Richard... yes, he'd made it choice. "It's a right shame I won't get to enjoy it properly in that case."
"We could be playing cluedo on Sunday, actually." Sherlock said and smirked at John, "Ignore what he says." he said, pointing at John, knowing his opinion about that. "Sure, that sounds fun." Harry said and chuckled a little, "Been ages since I've played any board game, really."
"So.. you think it might be the food? I mean.. they're still growing.. it would make sense that they do need food to stay healthy.. up to a certain age at least.. or perhaps all their lives?" Sherlock mused, more to himself, really.
"Uh huh." Rosie said with a nod, "He'd show you if he wouldn't like it." she said and smiled, "I know that because I asked Viktor if I was doing it right and he told me that he would nudge me away or pull his head away if I was doing something he doesn't like."
"Yeah maybe don't overdo it, though." Sherlock said and with a laugh, "Wouldn't want to have her think we're paying you for it." he said and smiled, standing up. "But yeah, John is right, bedtime." he said and smiled.
"Just for the record, I never thought I was invincible." Charlie mumbled and John stepped in before Sherlock had the chance to tell her that it very much sounded like it. "And we don't think you did. Look, I hope that we can generally agree that anything that would hospitalise a mortal is definitely not something you should be doing either; for your own sake and because the few mortals at the orphanage could mimic you. The point is that it's easy to underestimate risks, especially when you know you're healing is much better than that of mortals. This way or another, you should've stopped for a moment and thought about the risk of breaking your neck doing that. Does that make sense to you?" Charlie nodded. "Yeah, I guess." "And did you actually think about what could happen?" "I mean, the others said-" She began but was cut off by John. "I don't care what they said, Charlie. If they didn't think about it, they're opinion's not worth much either, okay?" Charlie nodded again, looking down. "So next time you'll do what?" "Stop and think about the risks."
Sherlock smiled, "Exactly." he said and chuckled, "Well done, or as Germans say, gut gemacht." he said as they started to walk up the stairs "Papa can we say hi to daddy even though he has to study today?" Rosie asked and Sherlock chuckled, "Of course you can say hi to daddy." he said and smiled as Rosie rushed up the stairs, "Daddy!" she called, "We're home!" she added.
It was quiet for a moment and John cursed himself for not broaching the subject a bit more gently.
Sherlock chuckled at that, before lifting up both boxes stacked on top of each other, "Do you want to watch the videos alone, or would you rather have John and me around while you do?" he asked, guessing he could probably get Charlie an off day tomorrow so she could look through all the things without stressing about going to bed early, so they, or she on her own could stay up late and watch most of the videos.
Sherlock smirked, "Actually, I probably won't even mind that so much." he said with a laugh, "But honestly, I don't think she's gonna pop out babies every year now." he said and shook his head.
"I'm just not sure if we should bring Richard right away or not.. he'd be the proof that we're telling the truth.. but that might be more of a shock.." Sherlock said with a frown, nipping at his glass.
"Daughter. She's my daughter" Sherlock said, since no one else was in the room at the moment. Jane looked properly appalled by the thought of an illegitimate daughter, especially since she thought Sherlock preferred men. But then she thought it through completely, "You're just making fun of me," she said and snickered again, "You almost had me there." she said and Sherlock shook his head, "I'm serious, Jane. She is my daughter. I told you, it's a complicated story." he said and Jane still frowned, because that girl looked to be at least 11 or 12 if not older and she could still count. Sherlock would have been 6 or 7 when that must have happened, which was impossible. "But she can't.. Sherlock.." she said and Sherlock sighed, "Let's just go for that walk, alright?" he asked and Jane nodded, her smile slipping a little, realising that whatever story she was about to hear from Sherlock, it would be a vastly complicated one. "Alright, I'll just go and get dressed, I'll be quick." she said, before leaving the room.
"Scratch sleeping.." Sherlock murmured and opened his eyes to look at John, giving him a smile, "I've been up since about 4.." he said and chuckled as he leant over to press a kiss to John's cheek, "You were just way too comfortable to leave you here." he said and grinned, trailing his hand down John's side, before resting it on his hip.
Sherlock was a little startled at first, but then just did what he had seen John do before, three claps on the back. When John's dad let go Sherlock really tried not to show how stunned he really was about this. John's dad had been civil all night, nice even sometimes, but he had not expected him to hug him. That hadn't even been a possibility he had thought about. "Goodbye, Sir." Sherlock said with a - genuinely this time - sheepish smile.
"I'd rather tell her today, might help to keep her mind off of the mummy and daddy thing from before." Sherlock said with a sigh, though his lips curled up into a smile again as Rosie returned in her coat, "I'm ready! Let's go!" she said and tugged at Sherlock's hand, "Hang on, wait, we want to tell you something first. We've got a surpise for you." he said and Rosie gaped, "For me? What is it?" she asked excitedly, starting to hop again, "Well, guess who's going to the zoo on Sunday with John and me?" Sherlock said and Rosie smiled widely, "Me?" she asked and Sherlock nodded, "Yeah." he said and Rosie smiled impossibly wider, "Cool!" she said and beamed up at the two men.
Sherlock didn't get to reply as he felt John's lips against his own, instantly wiping all thoughts of his brother from his mind as he leant a little more into his fiancé, "You realise we have roughly six hours all to ourselves now?" he murmured against John's lips.
"That's Lowell Trevor, one of Victor Trevor's descendants." John said and walked over to Sherlock, giving him a look when that stalker-bloke couldn't see his face. "He saw the portrait in the gallery and now wants to talk to you. I thought since he's already here, there's no point in putting it off. Wouldn't want him to catch pneumonia over the course of the next week anyway." John said with a mildly sarcastic tone of voice. He didn't like the fact he'd just invited a stalker and a liar into their home himself, but he thought it best to deal with the matter as soon as possible.
Sherlock smiled, "The worst was not knowing where she is." he said and smiled at Rosie, handing her cup back to her, "Be careful with it, alright?" he asked and Rosie nodded, "Okay." she chirped and nipped at her cup again, taking a deep breath. When the door opened and Victor walked back in, Sherlock smiled, "Oh, you two haven't been introduced yet, have you? Victor, that's Mrs Hudson, our future landlady and well.. she's more like mother to John and me, really. Mrs Hudson, this is Victor Trevor."
"It's your only choice if you want to hear my expert opinion" John said with a with a smirk. "We'll stick to English in that case." Charlie said and laughed a bit. "Seriously though, I think this one looks great." She said and pulled Sherlock over to a red one.
"Really? Well, that makes two of us." John said before asking. "So do we want a church wedding? According to Harry a lot of priests wouldn't do it." He said, and really he couldn't be bothered with people like that when thinking about their wedding.
Sherlock hummed into the kiss, before breaking it reluctantly, "Okay.. I don't think we should go back in there with swollen lips from snogging." he said and laughed, taking John's hand and leading him over to a bench standing in the garden. "Honestly, though.. I think your dad actually likes me.. he obviously tries to ignore that I'm your boyfriend, but as a person.. I think he does."
Charlie listened up for the second time today, maybe this time it was Ron! Quickly, she made her way down the stairs, trying to outrun one of her- "It's alright, I'm getting that" John called and went out of the living room and down the last flight of stairs. Damn, that had been a difference of maybe three seconds.. Instead of going all the way down, she just went into the living room hoping for the best. Meanwhile John opened the front door to find the neighbour's boy, presumably Ron. "Hello there. And how can I help you?”
Sherlock just smiled, coughing lightly again, "Guess some more of that tea won't hurt.." he said and started to walk into the kitchen. "You want something too?"
John gave him a look before snorting a laugh. "I suppose so. But if mum takes much longer, I might have fallen asleep by the time she gets downstairs, so there's always that." He joked when Charlie returned. "Here, number two coming right up. The ketchup has got 'toasting flavour' by the way, so we're in for a treat." She commented with a snicker.
"Sure, I'd always prefer Hogwarts to med school." John chuckled and tossed the sweaty bedding into the hamper on the other side of the room. "But with 20 I guess that horse is out of the barn. So you don't have an excuse to give me a branch for Christmas now that you've practically wiped your bank account for the twins." John teased with a smirk
"You could ask Jim to bring Carl as well. I'd actually like to introduce you to him, pretty sure you'll get along great." Sherlock said and smiled.
"Yeah.. blood from a plastic cup.." Sherlock began and scrunched up his nose, "That sounds like a vampire college party." he chuckled, shaking his head, finally hailing a cab. "But a housekeeper doesn't sound like a bad idea and before you say no, it /would/ also give one poor soul a job at least. And we'd pay well..." he said and chuckled.
"True, but they'll have us live and in colour tomorrow when we pick up our daughters." John said with a smile and emptied that glass. "Paul and Vanessa have five girls in the house now, don't they?"
John smirked and leaned into him, turning his head to kiss his cheek. "That really does sound more fun. Just what are we still doing over here, if I could be taking your clothes off right now?"
"Guilty as charged." Sherlock said and switched on his charisma again, giving Mrs Hope a dazzling smile. "And uhm, this is my fiancé, John Watson." he said, glancing at Rachel, before he looked back at Mrs Hope, "It's not just working here, though. I was also thinking of supporting this organisation financially."
Mainly because it was Emma's birthday and this guy didn't look like a complete disgrace, he demeaned himself to shake his hand firmly and briskly after a few seconds. "Hello, Sherlock."
John nodded after a moment, before leaning in to kiss Sherlock, half-expecting to draw back to spit it out again. He didn't though. Sherlock definitely tasted like iron, but it wasn't... bad. Definitely weird, but not at all bad. After a short kiss, he couldn't really muster the strength for a long one, he pulled back, looking confused.
"How do you hate your brother?" Charlie asked him with a frown, because she genuinely didn't understand, especially since Sherlock seemed like a family person to her; at least small families.
"Right, I've been sipping these all day." John said and held his glass into the camera, which made her grin even more. "Welcome to the club, dad!" She chuckled and John gave her a smile. "Thanks, Charlie." "It's better than cow pee though, isn't it?" She asked with a smirk, which made John frown a bit. "Erm, yeah, sure."
The next morning Charlie woke up to the feeling of a blender in her abdomen and groaned as she curled up on herself. Shit (sorry dad)... this was serious. After crawling out of bed she got a mini heart attack when she saw her pyjama bottom. It took her a good three seconds to figure out that no she was neither incontinent nor dying. And there was literally no one in the house she could talk to... Ugh. She really really wanted to have her mummy... But no, she'd have to sit this one out then - after bleaching her bottoms. Shit. But if this was the universe's price for those boxes hat still seemed fair. Maybe if she was quick no one would spot her cherry-red face. And she could get some toilet paper until she could walk out of the house again. Damn... correction: it felt like the blender was on fire. About ten minutes later she was wearing a new set of clothes, her pyjama in a plastic bag, and walking carefully down the stairs. Truth be told, she kinda hated the universe right now.
“So the clientele mix here is just because of proximity, not on purpose?” John asked, leaning forward a little again.  “And some of them are here waiting until the action starts.”   Waiting here, in a place where you could actually hear a conversation, made sense.
“I'm parched, thanks,” he said, adding milk and then taking his first deep sip.
“Many will be approaching our borders, wanting to be part of us, part of our better life.  We have had no immigration policy, and are now forced to make one.  Begin with these lost ones.”
Sherlock didn't help him, only leaned against the doorway, watching.
Sherlock nodded.  They both knew it was coming, the signs had been there for weeks.  John had been doing a full shift at the clinic now for almost a month, covering for other doctors who had meetings and obligations that took them away.
“Pleased to make your acquaintance,” the man said with a touch of sarcasm, but did not introduce himself in turn.  Instead he said, rapidly, “You're a doctor, just came from St. Bart's.   No, wait.  You and your friends first went to a pub close to work, but then came here, the nearest gay-friendly bar in the area.  They,” he waved at John's friends, “are watching you intently. You lost a bet and this is a forfeit.  Which is it, a kiss or a date?”
“He's still investigating.”  After all, Mycroft, too, did not like not knowing.
“Right.  British.  Men.  Uncomfortable.  But we should have talked about things sometimes. We both know that.  But this background you've just shared.  Explains why...  You didn't get raised with actual communication.  You with your keen desire to know, to find out, and nobody who would answer.  Left with only your brain to work things out.  Which, given your brain, it worked for you.”  He took a deep breath.  “I've just realized I didn't get often get  information back from my interactions with my own parents.  If Dad was drinking, you didn't even bother asking.  My mother wouldn't talk to us when he was there, for fear of annoying him if she accidentally contradicted him.  He was big on direct orders, shouting and...hitting.”
John glanced at the ornate clock behind the bar.  It was just five minutes until ten.
“Probably,” John muttered.  His body reminded him that he had collected more urine than it cared to keep.  He forced himself up, causing Sherlock to rear back a bit to give him the room.  John sort of climbed around him and off the bed before he could actually go piss.  Sherlock followed along, apparently having no sense of modesty at all.  “Do you want to go out?  Or order in?”
“You've got a patient waiting.  But I  need to talk to you first.”   She leaned forward and said in a near whisper, “Do you remember when they assigned everyone a day to provide a Community Connections speaker?”
How the hell did the man know these things?  “And might be again if the physical therapy works on the shoulder as well as it did on the leg.  Right now I have a tremor that keeps me from qualifying again.”  And almost certainly always would.  He tried not to think about it.
“Did you have to spend much time with them?” John asked.
“New day and all that.”
Ghu, indeed. John did it again.  He felt a shiver run the entire length of the body in his arms.  Something about the angle as warm lips pressed against his temple made this experience seem brand new.  Especially since Sherlock was now breathing deeply, his nose buried in John's hair.  Sniffing him and, John was sure, deducing things.  Made him glad he'd used shampoo this morning.
A few long seconds ticked by.  Waiting for exactly the right time, John realized, and then wondered if this man was a criminal of some sort.  Pickpocket, maybe, with an accomplice who would use the distraction to relieve people, possibly including his friends, of their wallets.  Or what if....
“Boyfriends!”   The word ended on a squeak.  John swallowed hard and tried it again in a deeper register.  “Boyfriends?”  He'd had some relationships that developed rather quickly, but this was a bit much.  “I don't think we're quite that,” he said, as gently as he could.
“The actual problem, well, besides deciding who...er.  Well, and there's the need for lube,” John was stammering through several his uncertainties.
That seemed very reasonable of Molly, actually.  John let his curiosity take over his mouth.  “Whatever  did you want it for?”
“Did their mother teach them the language or will they need a translation devise?  How will they learn the culture, how to live, to buy food, to find a job, a house?  Will they be acknowledged as kin by the mother's family? Is there inheritance involved?  What proof of the story is there except the word of her sister? Will legal action be taken against the attacker, who is still alive?
“This we must determine.  Right now, we discuss if it is to happen at all.” Then, present the decision to the king, who might decide for it or against it, or ask for more information, or for delays.  Starting the process all over again.
The next time he could grab a breath it was because Sherlock had taken him by the hand and was pulling him past the kitchen and through another door.  Bedroom.  A flick of long fingers as they went by and a lamp clicked on.  A large bed was pushed against the far wall, the perimeter of the rest of the room lined with nice chests, bureaus and barrister's bookcases, the glass panels more often open than shut.  Sherlock looked at John.  John looked back and swallowed, hard.
In the distance John heard a Molly-esque screech, followed by a shout from the back of the room.  Layered over that was the sound of a scuffle but he couldn't be arsed to break away to look because a leg had curled around his to draw him ever closer as they broke apart to gasp for a breath and then dived in again.
This story was written in two different versions and I had to combine the two.  This turned out to be most difficult when each version had a good bit and I had to discard one or the other or figure out how to use it.  I still suspect you can see some of the stitching lines.  Please mention it if there is something I screwed up.
“Are you measuring me?” John growled, lifting his head.
“So.  Men, then?”
John debated only a moment and again decided, what the hell.
“So neither of us know what we're doing?”
“Two bedrooms.  We could share one.  When I...”
“To see where this can go?”  It was insane, but John wanted to know, too.
“Ah.  Well.”  The doctor paused, then took a deep breath.  “Sherlock,” he began, uncertainly.
“I asked to borrow a leg.  Or an entire body  She didn't even bother to ask me what I wanted it for!” Sherlock complained.
John had been planning to go home.  Really, he had.  But somewhere in the middle of the second feature Sherlock decided he wanted to experiment a little more with kissing.  And really, who could turn that down?
John snorted as he waved Mycroft into the chair Sherlock had adopted as his own.  Sherlock, stretched out on the sofa at the moment, managed not to say anything else as his brother approached, but he closed closed his eye again, as if the sight was quite painful
“Seldom.  Expenses, sometimes.  When I remember to fill out the forms,” he added in a mumble.
“And was she surprised?” John asked, wondering who Mrs. Hudson was.
The man lifted his shoulder in a sort of shrug, tilted his head towards John's friends, and lifted his drink to his mouth.  It made John look at that mouth again.  Was the man doing that on purpose?  “Of course, your plan would have worked better if this was actually a gay bar,” the man explained as he put his glass down.
The receptionist stepped into the corridor to say testily.  “Dr. Watson!  Your patient is waiting.”
“I've been called in.  Asked to head a unit at one of the temporary hospitals.”
“Not the exiles, you have said, and not the criminals.  Who is left?”
John considered.  “I never thought of that.  Yes, I supposed it would be a problem.”
John was attempting to slide smoothly onto the bar stool.  He was about an inch too short to do it with the panache he was aiming for, but what the hell, he thought, placing his glass on the polished surface of the bar.  Torso turned slightly so that he could look up into a pair of incredible eyes, he said, “Hello!” in his warmest voice.  Those eyes were really something, and he was distracted for a moment, and then found himself interrupted before he could continue speaking.
“I needed to discover the effects of assault with a whip, postmortem.  I brought my own whip,” he explained patiently.
“No doubt.”  Mycroft tried to smile again.  It was not successful.
Sherlock stared at his brother.
John's lips thinned.  “Do you think....”
“The oldest child, a boy, Rudo, possibly named Rudolph for his father, grew up, attended school as long as he was able—he has had some university classes—and works for his country's Department of Transportation,” he paused for Sherlock to laugh himself sick and then went on as if not interrupted. “and his sister, who is probably called Denka, is a widow working in an office. She has one child, a girl.   None of them are using any of our family names as a surname.  As I said, we must wait for more information.”
Sherlock said nothing, waiting.  John took a deep, deep, breath.  “The more important a thing was, the less likely it was talked about.  He would get mad about it, and the more important to him, the more he...hit out.  I just realized...I realized I...channel him when I...When....”  He gave a sigh and said quietly, “When I hit you.  God, I should never have hit you!”
“Late?  I do have those things I mentioned....”
“What you did wrong was the same thing I did.  We didn't talk to each other, early.  Before it got so fucked up we couldn't.  We need to fix this, now.”
“You have some.”
“Just coming,” he said, and Cora dashed away in the other direction.
“If he was wearing some sort of native African dress in his own home, and someone walked in on him, they might not realize,” he waved his hand, too lazy to explain, sure that he had given John enough information.  Then Sherlock frowned, glancing at the door Mycroft hd exited from.  “I wonder what he was holding back?”
They both sat in silence for a moment.
“Yes, I suppose you do.  I'll pack my bag.  I don't know when I'll be back.  They'll probably house us nearby the hospital.”  He ran his hand through his hair, glancing up.  Their eyes didn't quite meet.
“Apparently,” John said, but remembering the expensive bottle next to the bathtub and the perfection of Sherlock's waving locks, it was a legitimate question.
Taba said, “This list of people we would accept back is not complete.  But I would like to present a sample case, for discussion.  If you will permit this?”
“We just need to slow things down a little,” John panted.
“Yes.  Worked hard to eliminate the need for it.  People try not to let it, but it affected how they saw me.  Or it could be a coincidence that I wasn't getting the jobs I interviewed for.  But got the first one I  applied for without it.”
“Too young for anyone.  They won't even let him in the door over there so he does his hunting here.  What's she do?  At St. Bart's?”
“Still not an impossible number.”
John's mouth opened but no words came out for several seconds.  Then he managed to say, “That was amazing!”
“Boyfriend?”
“Mrs. Hudson has gone to visit her sister.  That's what she said but I rather think she's staying with one of her gentlemen friends.  He's married but she doesn't know yet. I debated telling her, but I wasn't sure
“I have ONE.”
“Fellatio, then?  I didn't quite do it right before.  But I could be brilliant at it,” he predicted.
Sherlock was lifting John's jacket from the chair beside Molly, swinging it over his own arm while saying, “Thank you, Dr. Hooper, for...everything.”  He was already turning, and since John's hand was still firmly held in his, John was already turning, too.
“Yet to be determined.”
“Porn?” John said, trying to keep up.
It was surprisingly entertaining.  John washed up, forcing Sherlock to dry because if you counted what had been sitting around in the sink there were too many dishes to just leave to dry themselves.   Afterward, they settled in front of the TV.  It took some time to find something they could both enjoy.  Sherlock had what John considered a rather unnatural and unmasculine disinclination to watch car chases, but he did have a small interest in explosions.  He kept interrupting the movie to wonder how this effect or that might have been produced.
