Sherlock finishes the sentence for John. After all, it is the simplest truth he will have to convey.
Unsure of his welcome, John did not encroach or offer to help. He set the clothing on the closed toilet lid and cleared his throat. He would understand if Sherlock wanted space to sort through all that had happened, but John was loathe to leave him now.
Coming back to the present, John shakes his head, sets the now-dry pan on the side, and drains the cold egg water from the sink. As he gathers the last of the dishes off the table, John notices the corner of a textbook sticking out from underneath a placemat. Checking the time, he realizes he is late to the surgery as it is.
“Now,” John started, “I know neither of us is very good at this sort of thing, but I think it needs to be said. I don’t want there to be any more misunderstandings.”
John turned to the detective with a pleading look. “Explain,” he said simply. He knew Sherlock would read all the needy plaintive questions he could not bring himself to ask. More than anything, John wanted this not to be drugs. He knew Sherlock had been restless all evening, but he hadn’t thought the man had been anywhere close to this. And if he had been, why had he gone to Wiggins? Didn’t he trust John?
He blushed furiously despite John’s caution. “No!” he said a little too loudly. “No, it’s nothing like that. I,” Sherlock hesitated.
“Go on ahead,” John told him quickly as the cab pulled up in front of the building. “I’ll be right behind you.”
Sherlock’s stomach fluttered in a way he did not examine too closely. This was how they were meant to be.
John understood at once. It had not been easy for Sherlock to admit that to him. He was fairly sure that he was the first person Sherlock had ever told, and the man did not seem convinced that he had done the right thing in doing so.
John was breathing heavily now, the panic rising. The ticking grew louder until he could hear nothing else. The paneling beneath him began to move. It felt as though the wall was swinging inward. He stumbled, trying to keep himself from collapsing to the ground.
Sherlock stumbles on his 134th trip across the room. It suddenly occurs to him that he doesn't even know which hospital he is in.
“God this is hard. Now that it comes to it. Listen, I’m not very good at this stuff, but there are some things that are too important to leave unsaid. I’ve made that mistake before and…”
What the hell was he doing pawing at the walls? Maybe he really was losing his mind. Lately, he was feeling as if his life was slipping away. Piece by piece he was losing the life he’d built with Sherlock. He was running out of time. Always in his mind, the clock was ticking down hours, minutes, and seconds until he was left alone in the miserable life he was destined to inhabit. After being invalided home, meeting Sherlock had been a miracle. He’d known it at the time. He hadn’t deserved to have that mad, brilliant man in his life and now the bill had come due.
“Good. Then, is it a physiological issue. I mean, can you not - ?” John gestured at his groin, trying to convey the question without embarrassing Sherlock.
Let me know what you all thought. Kudos and Comments make the world go round (and my little heart flutter).
But the comfort wouldn’t come. Sherlock felt like insects were swarming over his skin where it touched John’s, and he fought to keep his hand still. He knew that John would let go immediately if he sensed how Sherlock felt, and that was the last thing he wanted. His body simply refused to communicate with his brain, which knew quite rationally that John’s touch was different. John’s touch was gentle and patient and kind. John’s touch was
John finished writing out an order for the necessary medication while answering his patient’s questions by rote. Having had the benefit of three practice runs already that morning, the conversation required very little of John’s attention. His mind wandered to his flatmate’s strange behavior.
Sherlock’s hips were pushing up into the pressure of M’s hand though Sherlock’s mind was screaming at him to run.
"It's not unheard of. I had a bit of a relapse when I came home and almost had to go back to hospital, but it's clearing away well enough on its own now. I should be back to full strength any day now."
His trousers had a dark brown stain on the leg. The blotch was streaky as if someone tried to hastily wipe it away, but it hadn’t been treated properly. John was in a hurry, short on time. He had a rushed lunch then. A quick sandwich between patients, but he was distracted and dropped sauce on his trousers. What was distracting him? Not the surgery. He could do the work by rote. John had confided that much in him. The work was fairly dull, an endless parade of perfectly normal maladies: flu, piles, seasonal allergies and the like. Besides, an exotic malady wouldn’t make John’s shoulders creep toward his ears. He’d be telling Sherlock all about it.
“I’m sorry.” It was not enough, he knew it wasn’t, but he couldn’t think of what else to say. He meant it though, and John must have understood because he smiled at Sherlock in that crooked way that said it’s all fine.
John found himself nodding before he realized that Sherlock could not see him. He gently brushed the curls off his forehead. Sherlock’s body went lax at his touch, and he grew more daring. He ran his fingers through those inky curls and scratched lightly at the man’s scalp. John could swear that Sherlock purred.
True, he’d forgotten that the algae were cultivating in the crisper but that was no reason to throw it out. Mrs. Hudson had not agreed. Still, he’d only been slightly annoyed. It was hard to be truly angry at Mrs. Hudson. How can you be angry at someone who makes you tea every morning and keeps you stocked in ginger biscuits?
Sherlock takes a grounding breath and pushes the door open. John is slumped boneless in the tub. The flickering candlelight highlights the deep, clear blue of his eyes, and Sherlock almost forgets why he is here. He sits heavily on the closed toilet lid without thinking to do so. John smiles, warm and indulgent.
John shook with anger. It took several minutes for him to restore enough calm to unclench his fists. The first deep breath he took felt like a bucket of cold water, drenching his fury and tempering it to a low burn.
“I’ve known you a long time, Sherlock. You texted me 25 minutes ago, and I’ve been watching you pace up and down the street for the last ten. Frankly, I thought I’d just get the door and put you out of your misery.”
The sob finally fights it way out of Sherlock’s chest and his shoulders shake with the effort. John cups his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and draws the man forward to rest their foreheads together.
The car rolled to a stop, and Mycroft’s eyes snapped open. John looked out the window, curious as to their destination. He was shocked to see a large, ivy-covered manor. He hadn’t noticed them travelling so far out of London. “Is he here?”
John giggled and manhandled him so that he had room to climb onto the sofa and settle himself over Sherlock. John fit against him perfectly. Every dip and hollow of Sherlock’s body welcomed John.
“Why was Wiggins administering it?” Sherlock interrupted. “You already know the answer to that if you think about it.” John chewed his lip to hold back the angry retort building in his mind.
Sherlock is panting hard between words. His irises blown wide, eclipsing everything else. The man is bloody irresistible.
“You know,” he started slowly, “we could really use Sherlock’s help cutting through the clutter here.” Greg smiled grimly into his beer. “Don’t tell him I said so though.”
“Not since yesterday afternoon. We went to the Symphony. Why?” He knew he wasn’t fooling anyone, but he could not make himself drop the pretense. They were worrying over nothing. Surely, they were just being overly protective, leaving no stone unturned. After all, Sherlock was a grown man. He was not obligated to check-in with them if he was on the scent of a promising lead, and he could take care of himself.
John stomped blindly down hallway after hallway, not truly seeing the house around him. He could feel his pulse beating in his temple, the last few moments playing on a loop in his mind. He saw vividly the defeated slump of Sherlock’s shoulders and the pained look on his face as he murmured
Sherlock’s body was rigid with tension and fine lines were carving their paths around his eyes. He quickly pressed the lock button, and his phone fell dark. Although the harsh light was gone, Sherlock felt exposed under John’s scrutiny. The happiness had gone out of the air. Now there was a vast void between them that John could not cross. Sherlock was already mentally drifting, going where John could not follow.
John grows serious again now and the nerves come back. He rings his hands and looks off to the left of camera, like he can’t bear to watch Sherlock’s reaction. Which is ridiculous, he won’t be able to see any of Sherlock’s reactions. This is prerecorded.
M was talking, but he sounded far away now. Sherlock couldn’t understand him. His body still called for his touch, and Sherlock reached out. M batted his hand away easily and licked into his ear.
He helped Sherlock settle comfortably onto the sofa and laid a heavy afghan over him to ensure he wouldn’t be cold. John briefly ducked into the kitchen to fill a glass of water and grab an apple from the fruit bowl on the counter. He knew Sherlock was unlikely to eat it, but it was a healthy, easy snack that would appeal to the man’s insatiable sweet tooth.
Sherlock frowns in frustration. He seems to know what he wants to say but can’t quite figure out how to actually say it. That’s usually John’s part. It’s why they make such a good team. Greg can’t imagine what could possibly bring Sherlock to him instead of John, but it must be important. He waits patiently, no pressure. Just sits quietly and waits for Sherlock to speak.
"I suspect the woman we know as Mary Morstan never really retired. She closed her accounts and slipped her leash, but her bolt-holes and emergency assets remain in place. Furthermore…"
John had no idea why Sherlock had reacted so negatively to his touch. Normally the great git forced his way into John’s personal space without thought. Flopping his feet onto John’s lap while they watched telly or wrapping his hand around John’s while passing him his cup of tea. He had never reacted to John’s touch with fear and…John thought hard to decipher the other emotion he had seen brewing behind Sherlock’s eyes.
By contrast, the man in front of him was silent and still, apart from the tremor. He could not find any obvious abrasions or injuries – likely a fever of some sort then. It scared John to see him so pallid. He turned toward the door, where Mycroft was hovering with his arms crossed.
The detective smiles, leads John up the front stairs, and draws a small key from his coat pocket. John watches in astonishment as the door swings open. Sherlock, noticing John’s reaction, huffs in frustration.
Sherlock finds himself crouched on the floor with his back against the wall. He puts his head between his knees and tries to tune out the football team of ten year-olds that just poured into the store. He ignores their comments as they yell and point at the weird man on the ground. He focuses on his breathing. Deep, cleansing breaths. Just the way his therapist taught him. The therapist he denied having. But he had needed someone when he returned. John had made it clear he would not be available.
"The woman we know as Mary Morstan acquired her identity just over four years ago upon entering the United Kingdom. Her movements before that time are not known but it is a good guess that she spent quite some time in Eastern Europe. The photograph of her and James Moriarty was taken just after she came to London around New Year. Digging into the details of this relationship has been difficult to say the least, given the fact that I took care of Moriarty's
John squinted at the photograph, then looked up at Lestrade. “Was there anything you lot dug up that suggests Alex had any medical abnormalities?”
After a few minutes, he feels okay enough to lift his head. His vision still swims a bit, but thankfully the gaping customers have moved on. He swipes at his eyes, fighting hard against the tremor in his hands. He pulls himself up on shaking knees until he stands tall-backed and proud: Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective once more.
“John,” Sherlock tread softly, testing the waters. He never did that. He didn’t bother. When he couldn’t deduce answers, he just asked, regardless of the sensitivity of the topic. This was different somehow. He couldn’t bear to see the hurt flash across John’s face, so he censored himself. He wouldn’t do this for anyone else. Not for anyone but John.
Sherlock placed his hand over the crook of his arm to press the cotton swab tighter to his elbow. The bleeding should have almost stopped at this point. Without thinking, John reached for his arm already mentally running through his checklist for treatment.
Sherlock wakes with a start, panting hard, and covered in sweat. He unconsciously sweeps his hand over the small round aching scar on his chest. He can hear John puttering with the kettle in the kitchen. The domesticity of it settles in his bones and leeches the worst of his tension away. Sherlock closes his eyes and bathes in the rightness of the moment. The flat has been too quiet without John.
John didn’t argue or push him away. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held him close against his body, cradling him away from the sight of any passersby. It was a firm, grounding embrace, but there was an unmistakable edge of protection in it. John was broadening his shoulders as much as possible, creating a physical barrier between Sherlock and the street. John’s soldier instincts coming to the fore. He was protecting Sherlock’s weakness from the eyes of the world.
John squirms nervously and looks down. An uncalculated decision that puts his attention on Sherlock’s cock straining against the constricting cut of his pristine trousers. John swallows down his desire to focus on the conversation at hand.
Sherlock had blushed a bright crimson that stained his cheekbones and sent John's heart into his throat.
“Is he alive?” John’s frankness no longer surprised him. This was the heart of the matter. At this moment, there was only one thing he needed to know, and his continued existence relied on the answer to this one question.
“You’re not sick, though.” John meant it as a statement of fact, but his voice tilted up at the end making it more of an entreaty.
John had been checking Sherlock over while Mycroft was speaking. One thing was immediately evident to him.
John speaks so softly that Sherlock almost misses it. His mouth hangs open in shock, and John clears his throat as he changes the subject.
When he looked up, John’s face nearly sent him to his knees. The dish towel sat next to the clean dishware, folded into pristine lines, but John was standing several paces away. His face was not angry or sad. It was resigned. There was an ancient weariness behind his eyes. He chewed his lip, and when he spoke there was little emotion behind it.
He could do this, would do this, for John. He would do what needed to be done. He would have plenty of time to hate himself later. He could already feel the thick slow molasses-like pull of self-loathing slipping in around the edges of his mind.
Sherlock paces the sitting room as he waits for a reply. He can hear John muttering to himself as he slams dresser drawers. He lets out an inadvertent chuckle at the
The soft certainty of Sherlock’s voice stopped him, and he turned his questioning gaze towards the man. He was leaning forward so that his shoulders lifted off the sofa, and John worried that he would try to get up. He moved back toward his friend, hoping to forestall any further efforts. He really did need to rest.
“Worst thing to happen to law enforcement in a long time. Mind-altering, fast acting, and quickly metabolized. It’s downright impossible to catch someone in the act, and the victim often can’t recognize it’s happening until the effects wear off. Can’t imagine what the drug companies were going for when they Frankenstein-ed this nightmare.”
“I want that with you, John. I just – I can’t…” he swallowed and his eyes widened in panic. “I’m not…good. There are things I don’t know how to give you. What I mean is that you deserve so much better than what I am.”
“Precisely. Hypno also alters the state of mind of the user. It stimulates a sexual response and overrides a person’s inhibitions and self-control. In essence, it strips a person’s humanity down to its basest instincts. It reduces a person to a sexual imperative.” Sherlock spoke in a matter-of-fact tone, but John could see the anger simmering just below the surface. “Worst of all, perhaps, is the fact that someone under the influence of hypno won’t recognize that fact. A person on hypno will believe that he or she desires the sexual response being stimulated. It’s not until the effects wear off that a victim even realizes what has happened.”
He’d been surprised when Sherlock suggested they attend a matinee performance of the London Symphony Orchestra yesterday afternoon. They were semi-regular patrons of the Symphony, but Sherlock typically preferred the pomp and circumstance of an evening performance.
Sherlock’s chest heaves with exertion as he finishes and looks expectantly at Lestrade, who sits stock-still. He knows John quite well, but he is entirely ill-equipped to answer this question. Frankly, he can’t imagine the simple domesticity of it, but then again, he couldn’t have imagined John and Sherlock raising a child together either. Yet here they are.
The door snapped shut just as he was settling into the fine leather seat. John was already gathering his plan of attack against Anthea. Surely, this time, he would be able to get some information out of her before he arrived in an abandoned car park or nuclear power plant.
In that moment, Sherlock made up his mind. He couldn’t be selfish, not with this. He wanted John’s compassion more than anything, and he could not allow himself to give in. John did not ask for this. He’d told John their life might be dangerous, but this was a different sort of danger altogether. John didn’t sign up for this. Sherlock wouldn’t let him sign up for this. He’d not had a choice in so long, but John still did. He couldn’t be allowed to make the wrong choice, not while it was in Sherlock’s power to prevent it.
As he rounds the corner onto Baker Street, a sweet jaunty melody echoes off the buildings. Curiousity piqued, Sherlock looks around for the source. Classical music is a strange choice for most people. The street is packed but not a single person is humming. Strange.
“Sherlock! I forgot. The postman came by while you were out. I put the mail on the kitchen table. I couldn’t find anywhere else since you refuse to get rid of all that clutter. I mean honestly! If you would only let me clean once in a while, say every two weeks, then there would be a place to put received mail and tea trays and the like. I don’t know…
“I don’t understand,” John pushed. “Why ask Sherlock here at all if you weren’t going to allow him inside? There’s nothing he can do from out here that he couldn’t do at Baker Street with crime scene photos and preliminary reports. This is a bloody waste of time, and you know it.”
"Think, John! You were cleared by the hospital to return home. You participated in no strenuous activity and were not exposed to the elements. There is no reason why your condition should have worsened. Unless someone tampered with the injections. Mary's extensive knowledge of herbs would have made it only too easy. She probably made you sick in the first place. We need to leave before she comes back. I won't be of any help if she tries to fight us. I can't even look at a n-n-needle. Please, John. Can we j-just…can we…can we…?"
Mary is quite sure. She hasn't left his side in five days. Supposedly, John will come home soon. Sherlock has tortured his violin, performed explosive experiments, and generally made all matter of noise until Mrs. Hudson gave in and came to see what all the fuss was about. She may not be Sherlock's housekeeper, but she can be surprisingly insightful at times.
Not offended in the least, John shrugged. “Alright, can you walk me through this then?” He said it more for Sherlock’s benefit than his own.
John chuckles at the uncharacteristic obviousness of the statement. Sherlock either does not hear or chooses to ignore John's mirth. Instead, he sways back and forth on his feet and twists the belt of his dressing gown around his wrist.
Mycroft seemed to be telling the truth, besides, he was sure that none of what he was about to say would be news to Mycroft. “Well, he told me how he became a detective – meeting Greg and all that, getting clean…”
Greg’s grin is contagious and a quiet contentment fills the room for a moment before he realizes Sherlock is not going to fill the silence.
Terror slammed through John. Sherlock had been poisoned god knew how long ago, and he had been treating himself with a homemade remedy?
"That does not mean that the undertaking is hopeless, however. It just requires more time for us to dig and explore more tenuous connections."
John choked. “Don’t let him catch you saying that,” he said seriously. “He’ll take twice as long just because he can.”
The shy quirk of Sherlock’s lip when he returned to the sitting room put to rest any lingering embarrassment. He too had been missed.
John was not entirely certain they were talking about him anymore, or about the present for that matter.
Sherlock’s arms are around him before he can finish his thought. He doesn’t realize he is shaking until Sherlock pulls him in close and rocks them slowly. He murmurs soothing, loving words into John’s ear until he is calm.
“I’ve a present for you, sweetheart,” he murmured softly. Or maybe he’d shouted. Sherlock was having a hard time parsing reality.
Sherlock says this all without looking up from his book, but John correctly reads between the lines:
John gritted his teeth against the arguments he wanted to hurl at Mycroft. It wouldn’t do any good. They were discussing the past, and try as he might, John could not change it. “So, what happened? How did Sherlock get free?”
Sherlock fiddles with the saucer. The porcelain clatters and he draws his hands back quickly. He shoots John an apologetic glance before resuming his stare at the still-gloved hands he now has bundled in his lap. The uncertain feeling claws its way through John's stomach again. The timidity radiating from his friend is so out of place that John hardly knows what to do. He rests his arm, palm up, on the table and softly clears his throat.
All too soon, Sherlock has finished his story and is actively cramming several biscuits into his mouth. The daft git must have forgotten to eat again. Shaking her head fondly, Mrs. Hudson takes her leave and heads back downstairs. She does have bridge later today, and she promised Mrs. Turner that she would bring some of those lemon meringue tarts that were such a crowd pleaser last time. She should have just enough time to run to the store, cook the tarts, and get to bridge on time if she gets a move on now.
I am sorry to have been away so long. This chapter was difficult to write and life is not so accommodating to my writing right now. Thank you to everyone who has waited and been really supportive. It is deeply appreciated. I hope you enjoy this chapter!
"You’re emotional right now. Don't bother denying it. We both know the truth. Stay here. See John. Form a plan. Your brother and I will help. I swear it just…stay. Please."
Static crackles for a moment before John’s face fills the screen. Sherlock presses pause as his heart beats wildly in his chest. Why would John send him a message like this? Did he know about the messages all along? No, impossible. He had seen John’s genuinely shocked and anguished face. So why?
Sherlock waves off the apology and tries to think of all the things John has done for him when he is sick. He remembers gentle hands and gentler words. Care. John shows him care. He can do that, he thinks. Sherlock clears his throat.
Sherlock groans and freezes as his abdomen spasms. John can feel the familiar warm wet spurt of his come filling him. He revels in it. Two more pumps and he is spilling over his own hand, painting Sherlock’s stomach. He drops unceremoniously onto the detective, smearing the mess between their bodies, but he doesn’t care. He breathes deeply and traces circles on Sherlock’s pectoral.
Before John could so much as reach for the door handle, the large wooden panel swung aside to reveal a matronly woman with grey hair and hard eyes. She stood aside to let the men enter, then briskly shut the door behind them. Turning to thank the unnamed woman, John realized she had already excused herself and disappeared.
“Of all the strategic facts you could be extracting, you’re still hoping I was trapped into this life. Tsk. Tsk. You should know by now that I never do anything I don’t want to do.”
He held up a hand to keep John from interrupting. He didn’t need John to argue with him. Honestly, he needed John to keep quiet, or he’d never get the words out.
John nodded in sympathy, wishing he could help but it really was more Sherlock’s area. As if sensing the trail of his thoughts, Greg cleared his throat.
He quickly becomes concerned as John stumbles. Sherlock drops to his knees and catches John as his legs refuse to support him any longer. The gun drops from his lax hand, and his eyes flutter. Sherlock frantically searches for the injury that must be causing this reaction.
He tries to keep the accusation out of his tone, but judging by the storm clouds gathering in John’s eyes, he failed.
John shakes his head and tries to bully his lungs into operating correctly. He is not very successful.
“Right, thanks then,” Greg said, swallowing the last of his beer. “Look I’ve got to get back. The paperwork on this case is unbelievable, and I’ve left Donovan in charge. If I don’t get back soon, between her and Anderson, the whole place will likely be in shambles.” He pulled a few wrinkled notes from his wallet. “Drinks on me this time, alright?”
John laughed, wrapped up in terrycloth and Sherlock's arms. "You appreciate how.I put up with you, you mean. You ask me to piss on you and I say yes. What's that about?"
And so, the crown was repaired, with Holmes’s agent wearing a Guy Fawkes mask for all entrances and exits.
John groaned and pressed up against him, reaching back for Sherlock's leg, to pull him harder in – only the second time he'd done this and he already knew he didn't want Sherlock to be careful or hesitant because that only drew the awkward part out longer.
His mind was still racing from that scary gay biker Shinwell Johnson's revelations about just how far Sherlock was willing to go for a case - oh, John was not opposed to it in principle, but every new revelation about just how slutty Sherlock used to be always messed with his mind.
The grandfather clock downstairs chimed. “Happy New Year, John,” Sherlock murmured, before going tense at a particularly deep explosion. “What was
-” (Sherlock had begun to move slightly, pressing his cock against John’s, panting roughly) “ - that you like it both ways. Didn’t know if I could handle that. But I could. I can handle you just fine.”
"I'll clean you off," Sherlock promised, hot and low in John's ear. "First with soap, then with my tongue, then with soap again. I'll groom you like a cat. You'll love it."
John tried not to shake too hard as he laughed helplessly. Of all the amazing feats of Sherlock Holmes to share with his readers, he wouldn't be able to tell
"You did it," John gasped, when their mouths separated briefly. "I knew you could." He began to pump up and down, slowly at first and then with rising speed, just the way he knew Sherlock liked. Sherlock let out a low, animalistic sound, half-swallowed.
“Aww, look at you,” John said, coming up close, hands in Sherlock’s hair. “You’re such a softy after all.”
When Jon got home to his Harlem crib, he had to think hard. The memories of the sight of his Maria in another man's arms still burned. She was right. There was no coming back from that.
"So what was all this for?" John gestured at the pumpkin on their kitchen table, just at the right height. With the large and deep round hole cut into it. (With a nose and a pair of eyes and a squiggle of dark curls Sherlock had drawn with a marker and said, "Just pretend it's my mouth.")
John thought. What he said was, "Considering everything else you can get me to do, that sounds downright nice."
"Well, yes. I do my best." Holmes checked his phone. "There’s someone outside who can make this item as close to whole again as makes no difference, but you're going to have to let them do their work in private, understand? Someone who has good reasons to not want to be seen. They brought a kit. They can fix it right here if you give them privacy."
"You're really good. For sure." Jon nodded along as the song passed by. And then he lifted his head to look Holmes in the eye and, felt unusually open, so he asked: "Why you never played for me?"
Sherlock gave a full-body shiver, and then he exhaled, and he let go, and John leaned in to avoid getting it on his face - he didn't want it in his eyes, that's for sure, and he was not at all ready for the mouth thing - letting the warm jets land on his chest and run down his body. His jeans were going to get wet but if anything he liked that, he'd wear it as long as it took to get back to the house and wash them, and have that little marker of Sherlock on him. He felt Sherlock's piss stream down his belly, pooling for a moment in his navel. He saw Sherlock's face relax and turn innocent with blissful relief.
"Of course. My brother asked me to figure out a little problem out for him, and the only person I know who had rooted out this kind of security breach before is in Kuala Lumpur. Because she has the skills, it's her time zone we work on, not ours. Eggs?"
“Ha, ha, tourists, That's a good one. Nope. I'm gonna catch a lot. I'm gonna feed my whole spur of Rt 221. Give Mrs. Hudson some payback. Keep Sherlock from keelin' over in his beehives.”
Jon noted that the obvious security goon tensed up at this. Jon also tensed up accordingly. Just in case.
The sky was fading, full moon rising over the crest of the mountain as John squelched through the thawing black earth with his cooler full of ice and trout. Mrs. Hudson’s house was awash in golden light just before the hill shadows fell. Up past her driveway he could see the lights on in the big farmhouse. Sherlock was home and awake then, and up to Lord knows what.
good enough for our family so you're in perfect company there. And if we hadn't gotten those submarine plans back Mycroft would be in trouble and he knows it. He's showing gratitude and superiority at the same time. He thinks that's both efficient and elegant. 'Oh, brother mine, you've barely touched your caviar!'"
Quickly he padded over on his bare feet to stand directly behind John, so close John could feel his body heat, peering over John's shoulder. The stream faltered a bit, though he knew he wasn't done. Sherlock chuckled. "You were in the Army, John."
It was one of those magical nights when the snow was coming down hard and heavy, but there wasn't a single breath of wind, so every twig on every tree was outlined in white, and the air was heavy with a musical silence. John could
“Mmmmm,” Sherlock said into John’s spine as he crept up, kissing all the way with his musky mouth that latched like a leech onto John’s neck, his ear, aiming at his mouth. John just arched his ass up for the feel of Sherlock’s greased cockhead pushing at him, and then
"Not this time, man. I'm gonna be undercover. And you gotta work. Keep your phone on though, I'll be in touch when I can."
Jon gave a little grunt. Noncommittal. He didn’t seem too thrilled about it. “Not my usual scene. Guess I’ll see if I can still fit in my old wedding suit.”
"So as it turns out, that viscous white substance found in holes carved into Mrs. Plummer's Pumpkins was indeed semen. But not human. In the messy divorce between the owners of the horse ranch, a considerable amount of extremely valuable semen from the prize-winning stud Silver Blaze went missing. The husband didn't want his wife to profit from it. Rather than sell it, he devised this rather...inventive scheme of double revenge. The pumpkin patch’s owner ended their affair when she found out he was married. Which she should’ve known immediately by the state of his hat, but hey, not everyone can be me. I ascertained that he’d been using a drill to bore into the pumpkins by moonlight, and disgusted as some shoppers may have been, no one had actually been having carnal relations with the largest member of the gourd family."
Though by far in her opinion, the best track was "Turiya and Ramakrishna." Magnetic piano. She was completely absorbed, fluttering her fingers, nothing in her world registering outside the sounds. Absolutely transcendent.
Even as John was starting to lose his mind from Sherlock's ravenous attentions, his fingers flexed in texture that was all wrong. And dark as the old cabin was, he could see that what little was revealed by the moonlight was ALL WRONG in color and the way the walls met the light. It was - slick. Meaty. Not at all woodlike. He glanced around, the spell broken, and wondered how both he and Sherlock had managed to miss what littered the floors in the corners. Bones and skulls. Mostly animal, but some human. And now the walls seemed to start to press in, and the floor start to rise, and there was a horrible squelching that was not coming from Sherlock's mouth on him.
“They're predators of honeybees,” Sherlock growled, flinging tomato juice from his reeking wet hair. “I'll do anything to protect my beehives.”
"Yeah. Look at me. I'm so wet. You did that. Look!" John pointed at the crotch of his jeans, faded denim darkened by the trickle of wetness.
"Sure do. Want you to do it, too. Is that a can of Crisco in your pocket or are you just already so hard you're about to bust out of your jeans?"
References the same ballad the story does. "Get down, get down, little Henry Lee, and stay all night with me . . ."
Sherlock inched forward and draped his legs over John's so they could fit together, all four hands working and blood-raged flesh meeting. Sherlock had the range of motion to grind his hips, and he did so with sluttish gusto. "Fuck," John groaned.
There was no distracting him from thoughts of the naked man in his bed, who had crawled upwards and passed out on his chest after bringing him to spectacular orgasm with a technically less-than-spectacular blowjob - a bit sloppy, but rewarding in its enthusiasm - and who had fucked him as close to senseless as Sherlock had been since the last time he had Afghani black tar.
John closed his eyes, not just because of the water dripping in. Every good boy, well-trained-human instinct said no, but his body said yes. Trying not to let his brain get in the way, he gave a deep sigh and released.
John was about to ask what possessed him, but thought better of it as Sherlock stalked from the shadows and embraced him from behind.
“Doors and windows still open downstairs,” Sherlock murmured as he moved, holding John down. “Anyone could walk in. Anyone could see you like this.”
“Think, John. For once. We’ve only got a quarter tank, and only a few gallons of Lestrade moonshine. So we can’t run the engine for hours. Even if we could, it’s risky with the snow accumulating this fast. Even a partially clogged exhaust pipe could kill us with carbon monoxide poisoning. We have to use every resource we can to stay warm until help arrives.”
The vista opened a little, and then John remembered this place: tiny family graveyard, overgrown and half-forgotten, surrounded by encroaching woods. He caught a glimpse of Sherlock's seductive, sidelong smile, and blushed at the memory.
“I like your everything.” John fed the rest of the berry into Sherlock’s mouth and groaned as those soft lips chased his fingers and sucked. John reached down with his other hand into Sherlock’s shirt, caressing his chest.
Holmes swiped over to NuTube on his phone. A few taps, and he'd pulled up a song. He paired it to his Bluestruth speaker
Jon took his dishes to the sink, and was only a little bit surprised when Holmes swung by close and reached up to pat him on the shoulder. "Don't worry about me."
"He's facedown on his bed," Sherlock said. "He was working for hours to save a patient. 14-year-old boy. Bicycle. Hit by a drunk driver."
In which Sherlock contemplates a pumpkin, and fights off panic about just how many of his own rules he broke when he went to bed with John Watson.
The moonlight on the snow was too bright to hide in. He listened for footsteps, the distinctive snow-crunch of human boots. His eyes scanned - rock outcropping, rhododendrons, tall tree stump. Nearly to the creek, there.
"If you pardon me," Holmes said, retiring to his room. "I've gotta get dressed and do some field work."
Jon took a deep breath. "It's okay, man, I gotta sleep. Morning shift at the hospital. " Then a wild hair rose up in his mind, and he said, very quietly, "I don't lock my room. The bed is tiny but you're welcome there."
Sherlock thought, filing through every single word spoken by the late Jamie Rowe. Remarkable for being a young female serial killer, which was uncommon enough to make him think there would have to ripples upon ripples, a much larger matter than one sadistic girl and her loathing for her hometown and her  joy in human destruction. Yet focusing directly on it wasn’t going to help at the moment, so he decided now was the best time to address himself to the less bloody but no less intriguing problem of the pumpkin.
Well, that was part of the thrill too, wasn't it? These hills were full of abandoned houses, as people died off and moved away and no one came to replace them.
The touch of Sherlock's soapy hands was exquisite, running all over him with a glorious slipperiness, over his back and shoulders and ass, dipping down into the crack with sensuous playfulness and pushing into him just a tiny bit, just the tip, just enough to make John groan. Sherlock kissed him wildly as the hot water streamed down over them both and John melted into his arms for just a moment - before he got his wits back and grasped for the soap - don't drop it, hahaha - and felt it squirming through his fingers. He soaped up his hands and worked one between their bodies, taking hold of Sherlock's cock with a tight, sliding slickness.
But never a neighbor. Never a friend, not since - no, never a friend, not really; in only one case was it debatable. Never anyone who met his . . . people he knew.
Oh. That was it then. If she made it, he might. If she didn't, he wouldn't. If he couldn't be a father or a husband, he'd at least be a killer one last time.
While he talked, John just stood there boggling, because that last time they'd been here, there hadn't been two new professionally-made gravestones standing there; small and tasteful, fitting the surroundings.
"I just don't belong here, Sherlock," John said. "And these people - they're not shy about lettin’ me know it."
Sherlock seemed lost for words, and John stepped up into the zone of his body warmth and took both his hands.
New Year's Traditions - a little rimming, a little anal, a little gun-brandishing, some explosions...
“Think, John! That little girl’s father is going to prison. I won’t break her heart further by forcing Lestrade to dig up her prize-winning 4-H strawberry patch before the harvest.”
Out of their little band it was John who’d turned out to have the high-lonesome tenor that could wail like winds through tombs. But they kept her favorite old hymn joyous, as she would have wanted: John’s guitar strolling, Sherlock’s fiddle soaring, and Lestrade’s still-nimble fingers leading the charge to heaven on his banjo.
The parts of John’s body he’d had so little time to explore. What the backs of his thighs and the crease of his arse might taste like, feel like under his hands, jiggling with a little slap. How long it would take him to come in Sherlock’s mouth, in his hand, clenched between his thighs - and so many variables to explore under so many different condition: speed, heat, suction pressure, friction, length and intensity of prior foreplay. If (barely-bisexual, women-watching) John truly wanted to learn all the ways of pleasing men . . . of pleasing Sherlock specifically. If John would be willing to put on a show of self-pleasure and let Sherlock observe. If John might be receptive to being receptive. The nape of his neck, the dip of his spine, the swirls and whorls of the bullet scar, the psychosomatically injured thigh that could still spread and lift, wrap around Sherlock and grind against him. The choke of his voice, hitching breaths, whether he would respond to a hand there clutching his neck, whether he would be aroused by binding Sherlock’s wrists, whether he would possibly want more, so much more, as much more as Sherlock wanted if he didn’t tamp his own beast of a sex drive down into its iron cage and only let it run under very specific circumstances...
that's good," Sherlock groaned, his eyes flying open to take in John's wet torso and pose of complete acceptance.
Sherlock was up on John's back, very close, arm sliding around John's waist. John could feel Sherlock nudging his hips to push John forward, hard cock in his jeans trying to get between John's thighs through two layers of denim.
Once in the shower, Sherlock took him into his arms and kissed him. That was a pretty amazing mixed message right there, happening in John's groin.
“I know that,” John said coldly. “I'm a doctor too. Paternal chromosome damage. Agent Orange. Spina bifida.”
been torn new assholes, and those Rat Patrol motherfuckers would rather steal morphine from him than buy smack from the village like a decent fucking junkie,
and applied a different method. “I know who died in your dream, John. Take whatever proof you need that it was false.”
Lestrade just nodded. “That's what I thought.” For just a moment, he looked nervous, afraid of offending. “Not sayin’ I've heard any rumors about you and Sherlock, but if I did--”
“You're in Stanger, West Virginia, USA. The date is April 14, 1974, about 0232 hours. Easter Sunday. You left Vietnam 7 months, 8 days, and 4 hours ago.”
Jon got up on his feet and approached him close, and that was both the best possible outcome, and so very scary. When his face was cradled in Jon's huge hands, Sherlock managed to say, "I like to go fast when it doesn't matter….but I want to go slow when it does."
Well, no. Crotch-sniffing dog, more like. When John grasped his hair and turned his face up, he saw that Sherlock's eyes were closed at first, utterly rapt, and when he opened them, his pupils were so wide they nearly took out the ice-blue around their edges. "Thank you," he finally said.
John made a sympathetic grunt - thinking about it, absorbing it, and took another forkfull of Mrs Hudson's potato salad. That was so good, every bite helped a man think. He gestured at Sherlock to eat more. Probably fruitless, but he couldn't live with himself if he didn't. He was gratified to see Sherlock take a heroic bite out of a fried chicken thigh.
Jon tried not to feel a little bit of hurt - especially when Holmes emerged in a version of his usual flash that was flashier than usual. "Dang, you think that's undercover?"
Sherlock let out a melodramatic groan, and then they both cracked up and the tension, for the moment, was broken. "I'm not a big fan of that cheap beer you swill so readily, though," Sherlock said.
Holmes took up a position on a comfortable chair that was obviously highly expensive, and beckoned Jon to do the same. Arthur was harder to persuade. He paced, and his hands shook. "Why did you have to bring in a detective?" he asked his father. "I told you I didn't do it. You want to send me to prison anyway, don't you?"
Sherlock looked at him with rather a hurt expression. "So, considering we're working on your second choice here, I'm willing to answer your questions about my past."
Sherlock laughed softly. That was good to see. Lines around his eyes suggested worry about something, and maybe that sorrow that comes with being reminded that as good as he was at solving problems, the cruelty of the world wasn't a clever thing, it was stupid and brutal.
"What...what the hell?" Sherlock demanded, half out of breath as they finished closing their clothes up and ran like racehorses.
John breathed deep. He leaned back against someone else's chest that breathed with him, voice still speaking. “My name is Sherlock Holmes and you've shared my house for 4 months and 22 days. But you know that.”
"Let's just go the fuck home, okay? You still own my ass and I still want you to have it, just...I don't want to talk about gardinels right outside of one."
John pulled his hair, pulling him up into a frantic kiss. Sherlock pressed himself up against John so hard the residual wetness made damp patches on his shirt, and his tongue made a shivering ingress into John's mouth. John pressed his hand down between them and found Sherlock's cock was swelling into delicious hardness.
A few trout and beers later, Lestrade was looking a little bit cross-eyed. “Now, tell you the truth, I always thought
John didn't want to break the companionable silence, but he did stop resisting the temptation to slide his hand up Sherlock's denim-clad thigh, lean and warm beneath his hand. Sherlock smiled and leaned back a little, placing his hand over John's. He took another deep sip of iced tea, and John watched the bob in his long pale throat. "Mm," Sherlock said. "Maybe what I need more is to relax a little bit."
He forgot about all of that as Sherlock turned him around and kissed him. Mmmm. John leaned up into him, wrapped his arms around Sherlock's to pull him down and in, grinding a little shamelessly against his thigh.
"Filthiest shower I ever had," he said, kissing Sherlock's neck. Limply he swiped at them again with the soap.
Holmes laughed softly. "Did you see how fast they peeled out of here? He wanted to meet at a private room in Mycroft's club. I thought it'd be funnier to make him come here. You can tell a lot about a man when he's completely out of his element. Don't think he gets up to Harlem much."
Sherlock held his gaze until it started to smolder. “I think it’s time for our traditional post-case celebration, don’t you?” he said, rising from the couch and holding out his hand.
This time, Jamie was quick with her knife. The first stab took Sherlock in the gut, the second in the chest, and the third, buried to the hilt in his long slim neck. This time it was Sherlock who clutched at himself in shock, his white hands going red with the blood he failed to hold inside. It was Sherlock who slumped backwards into the mine shaft. Turning to John, making John the last sight in his eyes as the light left them, and he fell.
Sherlock so fervently hoped that was the champagne talking. Carbonated alcohol affects the brain differently than other kinds. "Jon, I never meant to imply that. Anything of the sort. You're important."
offended by someone’s stupidity. John turned his back on it and went to open windows in the upstairs bathroom and the dusty bedroom they never used. If Sherlock closed them downstairs, there’d be hell to pay.
Holder nodded. "He's still...not good with money. Recently he fell in with a man called Burnwell, who is up to his elbows in this Bitcoin thing. Which I don't believe is a good investment, and I understand it's used for unsavory things."
"You thought you'd find a woman who'd cook and clean and make babies for you while also being your ideal sexual partner?"
He might have overreached, or perhaps Sherlock was playing along, because they came close to leaning and nearly falling over the old moth-eaten couch. Sherlock made a little twist of his waist that made all the difference, and so they fell. And John absolutely did notice that Sherlock made sure they didn't land on his untrustworthy leg.
"I know and I should have. I'm asking now though. Don't have to be right now. Just letting you know I'm interested. Should have done it sooner."
Sherlock gave a guttural sound of triumph when John spilled into his mouth. John could look down and see those quicksilver eyes blinking. Sherlock wasn't impatient now, though. He was reverently tender in fact, cozying John's cock with soft licking kisses until it finally went fully soft and John relaxed.
When Sherlock at last emerged from sleep and saw John’s handiwork on his vintage hearse, his poleaxed, horrified expression was everything John had hoped for. Pine and spruce and hemlock garlands festooned it, and sharp shiny holly was wedged into every outer crevice.
Holmes palmed that blacked-out credit card into Holder’s hand and said quietly, “I strongly recommend you retire this. But only after you’ve made a hefty donation to an Indigenous fund, by your standards not mine. And if you want to shoot a nice tip my way I sure won’t say no.”
With a slight movement, he walked over a few inches, and sank again to his knees. Then he took his shirt off, and hurled it away out of the danger zone. He knelt there, waiting, watching Sherlock's eyes moving over his body and dilating in desire. "You have to go, don't you?"
“Oh hell yeah,” John said, feeling his cock twitch as Sherlock led him up the stairs of the old farmhouse. John gasped when he saw the bedroom.
John's world was rocked by a touch on his mouth — a strange place, gentle. His eyes opened and took in nothing, none of the stillness and wrongness and disorienting not-Namness of the room. But there was a voice.
But, post-pumpkin, he supposed it would be the civilized thing to wash. Pumpkins were messy. And they had a scent of their own that might distract him from thoughts of the naked man in his bed.
"I have a home safe. I was desperate to prevent theft. I thought it was possible some of my...coworkers...who objected to the transfer might make an attempt to do something rash -"
"What do I need to do to prove it?" John said, approaching him slowly. "Whatever it takes, I'll do it."
This had the effect of agitating Holder even more. He let out a wail and lowered his face into his hands for a long time.
John was doing his best to make sure his face was showing nothing but radiant pride and delight. No disgust allowed. And he wasn't faking that, not in the slightest. "I knew you had it in you," he said.
"Only one but I'm not telling you the gender either. I know a house this big has a room. The room with the safe would work. I want Arthur to be the one to show us there. Jon can give some security, can’t you? Jon, just stand there and look intimidating for a while, can you?"
Then just as quickly, he reached for a towel. Slowly doing a stealth wipe as Sherlock settled down onto him. And that gave John an idea. He held Sherlock through his spasms and kissed him softly. "You know I'll do whatever you want," he murmured. "Within reason."
John shuddered as Sherlock's cock bore down inside him, waves of pleasure filling his pelvis. “They could join in if they want.”
Sherlock spent his time online and on his case, refusing to deal with the offer that Jon had just made, and how badly he wanted it. It's not like he didn't like sex. He did. He preferred it in clubs devoted to the purpose, with men whose names he never bothered to know. It wasn't frequent, it wasn't on his radar most of the time, but when it did pop up, he knew where to get it easily.
Sherlock knelt in the rapidly rising snow. “Formidable aim,” he said. “We wouldn’t have gotten away if the snow chains hadn’t deflected at least two bullets.”
John rather liked seeing Sherlock biting any kind of thigh, and wanted to say something about that, but held his peace. And Sherlock continued to hold his piss.
Sherlock put on a false comforting mode - Jon had seen his real comforting face in action often enough to know this wasn't real. "And did anything actually happen? With the artifact?"
John gave a soft groan at the sight. He hoped Sherlock could hear the trickling sound of the little creek down their valley and take inspiration from it.
"I caught him!" Holder wailed. "I caught him in the safe room, with it in his hands - and two jewels were missing, and it was twisted and broken!"
“Still think so,” Sherlock said as he slowly crept over John, bringing blankets with him to tent over them both.
“Not Vaseline,” Sherlock said, taking hold of John’s wrist and removing the jar. John groaned softly, because he was just waiting for Sherlock to say it: “I don’t like the taste.”
“Never underestimate the single-minded focus of the dedicated criminal, John,” Sherlock said. “Like an artist, like a religious zealot, like a mathematical genius, the obsession can’t be broken by outside forces.”
"I don't care what Mycroft wants," Sherlock said sharkishly, revealing what he’d stolen - along with two bottles of Dom Perignon -
John nodded and gave Sherlock's thigh a squeeze, and crept around behind him. Sherlock spent way too much time hunched over his books and his notes and his microscope. Shoulders like that shouldn't be allowed to hunch so much. John began to massage at the base of Sherlock's neck, seeking out knots and working them through - deep, but careful. The scent of Sherlock's hair tickled his nose, and he nuzzled in.
He tried not to shake so hard with laughter as he aimed his cheap little Kodak and clicked. “Good thing they haven't invented film that captures smell.”
"She let him in. She had watched my dad open the safe and filmed him doing it. She gave him the combination. I happened to hear him - footsteps where footsteps shouldn't be. I was in my pajamas but I caught him, out in the courtyard, and we fought. And he got away with a few jewels but I was trying to bend it back into shape and make it look more presentable when Dad caught me. And I didn't want to give her up. I couldn't. I've been the bad guy in this family most of my life, I'm used to it."
John had to confront this head-on, and he finally said, slowly and carefully. "I gotta admit, I always wanted to...settle down. Or so I thought."
"I didn't get that impression, no," Jon said, laughing. "Probably shocked he still got the hubcaps on that Benz."
How many of Sherlock’s own rules had he broken? Never bring trade home if you can help it. Never show them where you live. Never learn their last names if you don’t need to; if you absolutely must, erase when done. Don’t cruise where you live (don’t shit where you eat).
John surprises Sherlock for a change. Holiday 221B inspired by the fantastic card Corpsereviver2 sent me!
That earned an extra one. Sherlock’s firm flesh beneath snug denim didn’t quite jiggle the way John loved best, though, so he reached under Sherlock, opening his jeans and pulling them down to admire his work. Even in the pale light, the rosy color of Sherlock’s perfect ass was glorious, and John ran his tingling hands over the curves to feel the burn.
John shuffled out onto the porch of Sherlock's house in his pajamas and hiking boots. The porchlight was the only artificial illumination; the white in the night sky and the white on the ground reflected each other and cast an eerie, pale light.
Sherlock reluctantly drew away to give John room to move. "Bathtub, I'm thinkin.' I feel kind of creaky. Want to take some time to soak. Wanna join me?"
John pulled Sherlock against him once more, and kissed his way from Sherlock's throat up to his lips. "We should probably get back.  Got some washing to do."
John's half-woody was trying to sneak itself into the groove at Sherlock's hip and thigh. Sherlock bent his knees lower to allow it. The roaring rushing of the warm water over them was doing things to John's resolve, and confusion nearly undid him, and he had nothing to say to Sherlock's mouth on his. Sherlock pulled away just a little, hot water streaming from his soaked, melting curls. "I brought you in here so we can clean up easy," he said into John's ear. "You can let go anytime. All over me."
“Of course you'll show me how,” Sherlock whispered, smiling against John's shoulder at a few more distant booms.
"No, of course not," Sherlock said. "You're a sharp observer in your own way. But I'd rather talk about anything else, please. Did you pick Cecil because you knew he was queer?"
"Longterm loan." That was indeed just a hint of a smirk. "Alright. Surely you're aware that motorcycle clubs are a significant presence in the subculture in general, yes. Well, there are, shall we say, different affiliations. And tenuous allegiances. And occasionally the practice of running drugs and guns has some...overlap. Still, you have to be careful not to confuse a purely outlaw club in that sense with the ones that are also outlaw in a certain...sexual sense."
No warnings to speak of, except long-ago offstage NPC death, and memories of graveyard sex. Mature rating.
He'd thought he had Sherlock, in the meadow ringed with dark trees and the mist rising through the waist-high grass. But just one blink and Sherlock had disappeared out of his sights. John followed where he thought Sherlock might have gone, down the creek trail. And then he stumbled on a beech root - and the shot had come out of the darkness, splattering his jacket, in one sharp quick moment of moonlight.
She laughed. "No, can't say that I am. The poem's escaped the rooms though. Southern Baptist white ladies got it on their cross-stitch samplers and shit."
"Both," Sherlock said, smiling against John's mouth, his hands trailing down John's back and grasping two handfuls with his ridiculously large hands. "Have I told you how much I love your ass? It's ridiculous, to love anything this much. And I don't think I get enough of it. You make me work so hard to earn it."
"You are," Sherlock said admiringly, trailing his fingers through the mess. "Wonderfully so." The dappled sun-and-shadow on his face and his skin was endearing and revealing, and showing how the day was fading down into a satisfied sunset.
Quickly and adeptly as before, Sherlock leaped the rotting chestnut log and brought John back to the spot they'd excavated months earlier. Now he had more information, and he was spilling it quickly, like automatic gunfire. “Edie Saltire, nee Bedsaul, born January 12, 1900 – died August 27, 1922. Cause of death was postpartum infection following the birth of her second son Virgil. Virgil Saltire is buried two plots down. Died April 4, 1943. Killed in action in the European theatre of World War II. He was Kelly Milligan's fiancé, and it was here, on his grave, that her body was found. Approximately. The graves were not well-marked at the time.”
“Been meanin' to tell you, John,” Lestrade said as he speared a fat nightcrawler on his fishing hook. “A couple single ladies asked if I know you well enough to introduce 'em.”
“Do whatever it takes,” Mycroft Holmes said, “ just know that cameras will be on you. The demonstrators will have theirs and we will have ours.”
John reached up to kiss him, and murmured in Sherlock’s ear, “I only agreed to this because you promised you’d repay.”
Alone in his room in Holmes's grubby apartment. Either Holmes wasn't there or he was dead asleep, and either way, he wasn't gonna pry. He just pulled up that song again on his phone, because even though he didn't admit it at the time, it struck a chord.
John looked around, squinting, at the spring-wakening woods. It looked familiar, but he couldn't place it yet. Sherlock reached in the big bag between them on the front seat, and to John's surprise, pulled out bunches of flowers. He handed one to John and led them down the overgrown forest path.
Alex Holder let out a little sob. "I can’t believe they’re here! You're - you're too good. Too cruel. Too honest."
John bit it back – he meant it so much, but had no idea how Sherlock would react. Instead, he reached back to the front of Sherlock's jeans, fondling, and whispered softly, “it's beautiful.”
Jon's eyes looked huge, and he let out a little whistle. Sherlock tried not to think of all the ways he'd been taught that love had to be earned. He dabbled in a little Southern fiddle style before returning to his first early favorites, Venuti and Grappelli. Then at last he settled into a project of his own working: a solo violin arrangement of "My Favorite Things" (after Coltrane). This was dangerous because it got him emotional. In his heart of hearts he did not want to be a genius who’ll die young.
A middle-aged white man burst into the room, a line of sweat prickling along his high forehead, his hands shaking terribly - Jon sneaked a glance at the car outside and let out a low whistle. There was another man standing by, watching the street warily.
Jon wondered. He kept his silence. He wasn't a trained therapist, but a good doctor has to read between the lines just the same. And know when to shut it.
John looked at the clock and grinned. “You know what I wanna do all year. So take off your clothes and get in bed.”
“Yeah, you’re welcome for that, Mister I-don’t-think-we-need-’em. We’re gonna be buried if this keeps up. Which it will.”
"I want to send whoever did this to prison," said Alex Holder impassively. "Why should it matter if it's my own son?"
John,” Sherlock had growled. “It does nothing to break down a thiol compound.” Be that as it may, John had ordered him to strip naked and get in nonetheless — at gunpoint. (A paintball gun, but John still hoped it conveyed just how serious he was about it.)
He saw Sherlock in his briefs, waiting for what was about to happen next. "You're a magnificent pervert," John said over his shoulder as he loosened his jeans.
"Of course," Sherlock said, wiping his mouth and sliding back up John's body. Almost leisurely, he wriggled his jeans down and started to stroke his own cock lazily, as if he were just warming up. He gave a salacious little smirk with his slick lips and musky breath, and just let John watch the show for a little while, until John couldn't stand it anymore and reached over to give him a hand. The pace picked up and soon Sherlock was writhing, his hips rocking in sharp, urgent thrusts as John worked him. When Sherlock gave unmistakable signs of being about to come, John pulled up his shirt. Just to feel those white stripes on his body.
Instead, John heard stalking, stomping footsteps behind him as he went to the bedroom they did use (very well). As John hoisted the old wooden windows open, a blast of frigid mountain wind howled in. “New Years Eve, Sherlock. Tradition. We’re having ham and cabbage and greens and black-eyed peas tomorrow too, because that symbolizes money, and Mrs. Hudson will probably put silver in the cabbage, so mind you don’t swallow it.”
Very carefully John eased himself out from Sherlock's lax jaws, placed a cushion under Sherlock's head where his thigh had been, and drew the wool afghan over Sherlock's half-clad form. Then he very slowly lifted Sherlock's magnificent hand up to that sleep-sweetened face, and carefully inserted the thumb between his pink lips, which closed around it in childlike reflex.
"But he's desperate. He was being too coy about the item damaged, and about his weird family situation, don't you think?"
"Oh no, you're fine just as you are," Holmes said, and something in his voice made Watson wonder just a bit if he wasn't maybe being flirted with. "I think our guest is in no state to notice anyone else very much. If he wasn't a white man in a fancy suit, he'd get the cops called on him for being obviously panicked in public."
he thought when the pumpkin was blown and starting to burn, pressing seed-laden orange slime to his face.
His newfangled answering machine with the cassette tape clicked on. Two exasperated groans at the familiar voice. "I know what you're doing right now and with whom, but considering the number of times you've interrupted John and myself, I'm not inclined to have much sympathy. The third beaver lodge downstream of the North Fork of Troublesome Creek is man-made and that's where you'll find the missing head and hands."
"The old man tipped me very nicely indeed. Very nicely. Of course it's ninety percent hush money. I wish there was enough time to let Mycroft's tailor work on you, but we're going to where he buys off the rack." He tapped the taxi driver and gave a Midtown address.
"It must be because my attention is so much more intimate," Sherlock said, and he had to be lowering his voice to that subsonic octave on purpose, knowing damn well the effect it has.
"That's me," Sherlock said. "You're running late. You're trying to be on your best manners although this...setting...isn't at all what you expected. You don't have any objections left because something terrible has happened, you're desperate, and you cannot go through any of your usual channels because you're terrified of scandal. This is a public matter, and you're a man in a high position. "
John had been in medical school and the Army, but even by those standards, this was a labor-intensive prank. It had involved a lot of hiking, scouting, snipping, and one nerve-wracking climb in a high oak tree. He was pleased that none of it was store-bought: the woods on Sherlock’s land had yielded everything he needed.
The scent of clean, nearly-clear piss rose up in the steam, and Sherlock moaned as it covered his groin and thighs and ran down his long legs, fading away into clean water as it reached his feet and circled the grain. John still had a little more left, and a second, sinking jet emerged. Sherlock looked down, trying to keep water out of his eyes as he watched, mesmerized.
And that shot John through to the heart. "Oh, fuck, Sherlock. No. No, come on. No. That's not what I meant."
"Well, you don't have to go on me," John said. "But if you want to...that'd be good. I'd like that."
"Cold hands, warm heart," they say. Just a little cuddling going on in the warmest bed in Arthel County.
Holder suddenly fixed him with a shocked look. As if it had never occurred to him that Holmes might say no. He gulped like a goldfish for several seconds, and then composed himself to bring out the charm, and the checkbook that had always served him well up to now. "Thank you! Money is no object of course. Whatever you require. This is a matter of honor, which is priceless."
“Call me John. Please,” John managed to mutter. And he managed to look up at the doctor's face. The man had worked for hours. He was exhausted and overwrought. John understood, he'd been there himself. It's just that there was nothing to say, and so it was better that no one said anything.
Holmes finished his piece, resisting all impulses to end it before its time out of his nervousness. Let it take its own time. He closed his eyes and erased his surroundings, to stay into that zone to do the music justice.
The ceremony itself was lovely, if a little stilted. Holmes spotted his jewelry fence, unmasked and resplendent in a gold-threaded saree, and gave her a discreet little wink and wave. He’d discreetly slipped her a share of the excess - she had a family to look out for, after all.
Sherlock's eyes still goaded him now, ice-blue in the sun, set in that striking face with its red juice streaks . . . and then John just gave up, and swore, and started stripping off his own clothes in a put-upon way. He'd only just figured how to fit his body to Sherlock's in the steep old tub and kiss him with tongue and lust despite his watering eyes and burning nose, when he heard a sound that made his blood run cold.
"You didn't ask me to help you solve the case of the missing Federal agents," Sherlock said quietly.
"If you don't mind...I'd like to..." Sherlock had brought up towels, and John was just a little bit frightened until he realized Sherlock had been telling the truth about his bladder. He just wanted to straddle John's hips and jerk off on his stomach and chest, and let John caress him and help him along and grunt sweet filthy everythings. The towels were just for wiping off perfectly normal semen.
"Ssh. Humor me," John said, digging his fingers into Sherlock's rhomboids. Sherlock dropped his head to allow for greater access, and John couldn't resist brushing his long curls away and pressing a kiss to the nape of his neck. Sherlock gave a little shiver and leaned into John's hands running up and down his biceps through his thin fitted shirt.
To come up on John from behind (sneaking was impossible) and grip John's waist and lick the nape of his neck and nip at his ear, as if he had all the right in the world to expect that John would just put out for him – in their bed even, oh
“Almost…there,” Sherlock whispered, cold air knifing his lungs. The branch he dragged did little to hide his trail in the deep snow, but the details would be blurred, and soon he’d reach the creek bed that could obscure his path completely.
"We're in the shade," Sherlock said with a little chuckle in his voice. "And I don't think it's even 80 degrees anyway."
"Now, I'm not completely sold on this repatriation fad, between you and me. We have the facilities to keep precious objects in good climate control, and we're a world-class museum that can display it in the highest levels of safety and with the best possible lighting, with programs and side cards to educate about cultural context. People travel from all over the world to see art in New York, and I have no doubt it's more appreciated here than it could ever be in some backwater. And I do have some skepticism about its security and fair treatment in a less prominent hub."
"OK, it won't be right now though, sorry. I have an appointment with someone who's getting scammed over bitcoin, and if I pull on these threads, it'll lead me somewhere big." Holmes looked suddenly very nervous.
"Joe Venuti influence for sure," Holmes said noncommittally, and there was more than a bit of a knowing smirk in there that Jon was finally learning how to read. That meant Holmes wanted him to notice something. Jon really put his ear into that violin sound, and it was superficially snappy and flip - but there was something sad in its tone as well. Unexpected soul.
"Did I ever tell you," Sherlock said, eventually, "about a case John and I worked last year? Something happened to us on the way back from Nashville. We were followed. By some very nasty characters. And it was dark, and remote. Full moon. Oil crisis ongoing. I had...contacts...in Matewan who could help us, but we had to get there first. We didn't have enough gas and no guarantee we'd find any to buy even if we could stop. At a place with lights anyway."
"No, unfortunately. Jon called me to the scene, and there was absolutely nothing I could find that couldn't be traced to pure callousness. There's no greater picture at all."
Arthur kind of crumbled then, and finally consented to take a seat. "I really didn't want to say this. I really didn't. It's my fault for bringing Burnwell into this at all. You know I have some...bad habits. You know that he's trouble. I got in too deep with him, that's all. Yeah, I owe some money. But I wouldn't have done this. Problem is, he met Mary and they hit it off. Of course they did, he's Hollywood handsome and he has charisma and he...radiates this sex appeal. Gender no object. Worst thing I ever saw in my life was the look in her eyes when he was around."
"Indeed. I'll be in touch about what I need to do. I'll need to visit your home and speak to everyone, including the help. I'll also do my own research among my contacts, which I suspect you don't have much access to. We'll get to the bottom of this."
Sherlock's hands were on John as his breath quickened, opening his jeans and freeing John's cock to the air - which John was grateful for because it had been needing adjusting in his jeans for some time now. The sight of him like that, the touch of Sherlock's hand, was just enough to get him almost to where Sherlock was - and he'd been so focused on getting Sherlock to let go and give John what he wanted, he'd barely even noticed.
He only stumbled a little bit on the uneven threshold, only felt a little bit uncomfortable because that dirt floor was a little too soft.
"Mmmm" was pretty much all Sheriff Lestrade could say, his mouth completely occupied with the slick delights between Molly Hooper's thighs. She writhed to and fro, popping the corner of the sheet right off the mattress. Her heels dug into his back and her hand tugged at his salt-and-pepper hair as he licked and sucked with both enthusiasm and attention to detail. She was close, he could feel it, muscles in her legs tightening and quivering.
Arthur was disconsolate, head hanging. On his way out, Jon muttered, “You should save up and get out. Trust me.”
"Watch this live video from '76, a year after that album came out. Listen to how much more real and raw this is than the version on the album."
Sherlock shook his head. "No. Vinegar is acidic and ammonia is basic. It's not dangerous, like mixing ammonia and bleach, but they render each other neutralized."
Then after the last note had been allowed to die away for its full length, he lowered his violin and bow and faced Jon.
"Better production values but at what price? Let's keep our eye on this Moriarty empire," Holmes said with a twitch of his lips. He sat back, lightly fingering his short beard. "That's how record labels are when they get big. They want to keep getting paid, and they'll trim artists' feathers to make them conform. Irene was smart to get out and go indie."
Mycroft went into the bathroom and changed his clothes and hair and face completely. Then he walked onto the Mall where the AIDS memorial quilt was first unfurled, acres wide and long. With unerring direction and inside information, he found his way to the only patch he cared about – the one with the microscope and magnifying glass, skull and violin, and the name of his baby brother.
He pulled on a blue dressing gown over his naked body, gazing out at the grey stormy morning. The silk slid over his skin enticingly and reminded him of every bruise and scratch and ache he had, every streaking of substances within and without, the dark animal funk of mingled sweat and sexual secretions.
Sherlock chugged a whole paper cup full of iced tea, and then looked up to the sky beyond the trees. The play of gold-and-green light on his face was beautiful. "Truth be told, I rather envied Shinwell's lack of inhibition in this regard," he said slowly. "This is embarrassing but - in men's rooms, when there are others around...I've often had trouble relaxing enough to relieve myself, even when I really needed to. Self-conscious. In that particular scene, in that undercover operation, I had to play the role of the piss-pig, because I couldn't possibly have taken any other. I get embarrassed and it just...can't happen."
“Oh,” John said calmly. He waited until Lestrade's mouth was as full as it could possibly be before saying in an utterly matter-of-fact way, “He's just about the hottest piece of ass I've ever had.”
John had learned by now it was best to be blunt in these situations. "Sorry, babe. I'm comin’ right back. But first I gotta piss like a racehorse."
They sat together, listening to the music. When it was over, she put on a Cecil Taylor side. It was fidgety, restless, passionate music. S. leaned into it, his fingers following the insanely adept piano lines.
What has Sherlock done now? Is it a gift? An apology? A thank-you? Whatever it is, it's a little bit sweet and a little bit morbid.
And after that, they both fled. Jon took to his bed, his whole mind screaming in regret and second-guessing, and did he just hit on his roommate, and that wasn't cool.
that apparently, if worked to a sufficient state of exhaustion, the great detective had the ability to fall dead asleep with a dick in his mouth. (Not a small one either, thank you very much.)
about that old cabin he very much did not like. It wasn't just the draping of dormant kudzu and grape, wasn't just the way the light shining through the dead windows didn't seem to match the moonlight exactly, wasn't just the natural fear of a building that had been rotting for probably at least fifty years and could come down around them at any time, wasn't just the way this was the time of year when snakes liked to find their winter sleeping places.
Relief died in his chest at the red laser-tag sight flickering over his heart. Slowly he raised his hands. The tall tree stump was really a short man, who’d stood still as wood and was now collecting his reward. “You got me,” Sherlock said, frustration turning rapidly to arousal as John swaggered towards him.
Holmes whirled into his bedroom, pulled out the concealed violin, and did the fastest tuning job of his life. He had a tone app on his phone. The bow needed rosining too, but he'd do that in front of Jon since the motion was suggestive.
Sherlock focused on the issue with his usual intensity then, having been nudged, and then John started to get a little bit worried. How overboard could he go? Best not to even think about that.
And especially the bed, showered in petals that looked dark as bloodstains on the white sheets, rays of moonlight striping. “You - Sherlock, you -”
Then they were laughing, perhaps just a bit hysterically. John couldn't resist and he leaned over to turn Sherlock's face towards his to claim a sloppy, shoulder-heaving kiss.
“If you must. Just make sure we keep control of the narrative . . . oh, never mind. Just don't be cruel, and for God's sake, don't be seen being cruel. We are
“Mm, I’m looking forward to this,”  Sherlock growled, looking down at the paint splash on John’s coat.
and the next thing John knew, he was tearing one of those boys up, methodically, yanking out veins and arteries to get that goddamn morphine back.
"Not here, though," Sherlock said. "The moon is bright, and we could be seen. We're too close to the road. Here. Let's go. We'll slog up the hill, through the brush, to that old abandoned cabin. That's where I want to fuck you."
, Watson claims that Holmes's knowledge of literature is nil, and then throughout the rest of the canon that gets undermined when Holmes quotes literature
Back at home, Jon was sulking a little, even after listening to Sherlock's explanation of all his brilliant deductions and how he'd beat the case. "You cut me out of this, man. It was dangerous, especially with Burnwell. Just say the word and I'll be with you."
Jon studied his face for a long time. He'd wondered if there might be something going on with him and the clever little singer, but she obviously was all about her own man - who was definitely a huge step up from that King fuckboy even in his homeless junkie days. And Holmes's little smile was focused very much in the here and now in ways that made Jon's head spin to think about too much.
"She's an excellent singer, and she's happy with her man. When she plays out again I'll be there. We were lucky to catch her in a small club. That won't happen again. She's bound for biiiig rooms. BUT what I was saying was...?"
"I sure did." John didn't even bother to try to put his cock back in his underwear, it was already getting stiff enough to resist caging, especially with the sight of Sherlock in only slightly more than nothing.
“Diabolically clever, John. Oleander, daphne, and the exquisitely formed and deadly leaves of the castor bean plant. The trappings of romance, focused toward death.”
John and Lestrade go fishing and talk man-to-man. John is better understood and accepted than he knew.
"Well, she texted me asking if her theory was right. About my hands. So I recorded a little clip and sent it, and she asked me to play on the record. Didn't take long, it's a simple part. The song ain't about me."
Well, that wasn't subtle. John was already starting to feel the pressure just a little bit, and he was sure that Sherlock had to know that. Still, he did as he was told. Might as well make it worth his while.
"Oh no. Oh no. I am not lettin' you buy me an expensive suit." He looked indignant, and it was endearing. But also worrying.
Sherlock silenced John in the best way he knew how - a long, burning gaze. One that held him fast, as though John were a rodent and Sherlock a snake. John knew this trick well by now, and he only succumbed to it because he loved it. "OK, I won't talk, alright."
Holmes sighed. "Alright, alright. A little bit more anticlimactic that I like, but..." He rummaged around in an inner pocket of his bright white suit jacket and took out a small manila envelope. With a little bit of a flourish, he emptied its contents onto the glass coffee table. The pilfered jewels, in their broken setting.
He wanted Jon. Of course he did. How could anyone with any measure of attraction to men not want him? But Jon lived here. Jon was his best friend. He'd always been told: don't fuck where you sleep.
John gave a little groan as he met the wall, and Sherlock's hands were on him, unbuttoning his shirt and sliding it off his shoulders, starting to rain wet, nipping kisses all the way down the length of John's spine. John spread his legs instinctively as he felt Sherlock slide to his knees, biting John’s ass through fabric even as he deftly undid the belt and fly sight unseen.
"Need to stretch my legs a little," Sherlock said, and John sat back to let him rise to his feet, a little bit wobbily.
He watches Sherlock’s arse flex with every thrust, his powerful shoulders rippling as he holds himself above John. He watches the emotions play over Stephen’s face as he pulls him deep into his throat. John reaches for his cock. It needs to be touched. Right the fuck now. He pumps into his fist and loosens his mouth to allow Stephen to fuck into it. All three bodies move at the same tempo. Sherlock fucks into John who is forced onto Stephen’s cock and back off as Sherlock slides out. John can taste salty pre-ejaculate on his tongue and doesn’t know how much longer he himself will last. His fist flies along his own cock, liberally lubricated by his own arousal. Sherlock’s thrusts are faltering as he breathes erratically.
“She wasn’t mad…about that. Apparently, the first lesson of the term was on reproduction and the teacher had some
John hates the formality that clings to Sherlock. It's clear in his words and the tense line of his neck as he bears it high. His face is purposefully blank and his eyes are glacial. John can hardly stand it. He takes the box from Sherlock and lets his fingers brush the detective's hands. Sherlock jerks away from the touch and almost sends the cake toppling to the floor in his haste to get away. John's forehead crinkles but he doesn't comment. He points Sherlock toward the back patio where he's already laid out a tray.
John relaxes into the familiar cushions and suffuses the statement with all the genuine warmth he can muster.
“What I’m trying to say is that I miss you. More than anything. I want things to be the way they were. I want us to be together, really together. I want to come home after a long day and find you there. I want to sleep next to you. I want to make you breakfast and tea. I want you to teach Rosie ridiculous things I won’t agree with. I want to hear Bach again – don’t think I haven’t worked out what that means.”
John turned back to his flatmate and let his shoulders relax back into the mattress. He took the time to examine the man above him. Sherlock was already fully dressed. The angular lines of his body emphasized by the immaculate cut of his dark navy-blue suit jacket. The shirt underneath looked pressed and steamed within an inch of its life. John could smell the earthy bergamot tones of Sherlock’s cologne mixing with the citrus mint of his hair product.
He drops the sandwich in the rubbish bin, raises the phone to his ear, and listens to the voicemails from the school. Halfway through the second message, he clicks off. There was a verbal altercation between Sherlock and Rosie when Sherlock dropped off Rosie’s book?  Sherlock was asked to leave? What happened? John looks at his watch - 2:33pm. Rosie is safe at school for the next hour and a half. He needs to find Sherlock.
By the time, John returns with the tea tray, Sherlock is midway through a reminiscence of one of his earliest cases. Mrs. Hudson loves to listen to Sherlock describe his work, but it is a rare indulgence. Though the detective is hardly humble, he considers the success of a case well-solved the highest praise and rarely has the patience for retelling cases that have already been solved. That is rightly John's domain.
Sherlock picks up a small framed photograph from the hall table. The age lines around Greg’s eyes are crinkled with happiness for once. He is gazing sideways, as if the photograph being taken is nothing in comparison to what he is looking at. Hair whipping in the wind, Molly smiles indulgently at the photographer, clearly working hard to ignore Greg’s distraction. Behind the couple, the bright lights of a carnival flare. Sherlock strokes a finger across the glass and his lip twitches as he remembers that day. Rosie had loved the noise and lights. The rest of them had barely survived her uncontainable joy.
John took a moment, breathed deeply, and forced his brain to think past the white fog engulfing it. “What happened?” he asked breathily.
John’s jaw dropped in astonishment. These were not the words of a sexually-inexperienced man. These words were dripping with desire. John’s brain fought to remember the seriousness of the situation but the sound of his friend’s gravelly voice saying such blatantly sexual things! He was lost. Damn if he wasn’t well past turned on.
Sherlock had never given much thought to the idea of finding his soulmate. He’d just assumed he didn’t have one, or that they’d already died.
Mrs. Hudson sips her tea as she pulls her focus back to the present. Her short trip down memory lane has obviously not occurred to John, who is too busy staring fixedly at Sherlock to notice much of anything happening in the flat. Sherlock, however, is looking at Mrs. Hudson with tenderness, understanding, gratitude, and slight annoyance. It's typical Sherlockian fondness at its finest, and Mrs. Hudson basks in it.
Dressed in a familiar black outfit that sends painful spikes of déjà vu through Sherlock’s chest, Mary steps out from the shadows and fixes him with a disdainful gaze. They stare intently at one another, a silent match of wills. Sherlock breaks and speaks first. He needs the information too much. There is too much on the line to waste time playing Mary’s games.
He struggled to make sense of the abrupt shift that had just taken place. There were facts he needed to know. John's mind raced to sort the most important questions from his own inane curiosity.
Moments tick by between the two brothers frozen on opposite sides of the cramped bathroom. Finally, Sherlock moves slowly as the words sink in. He raises his head and his eyes search the room for the lie, the detail that will prove he is still in Serbia. His mind is tricking him. Mycroft is not really here. Acceptance flashes in his eye as he notices the broken shards of Mycroft's Blackberry. His whole body starts to shake, and he swallows convulsively. Finally managing to get his voice to work, Sherlock looks up through wet lashes and asks in a cracked, vulnerable voice:
The secretary barges into the room, frightened by the noise level. She’s now holding Rosie back while the headmaster suggests that Sherlock leave now and give Rosie some time to cool down. Sherlock, completely blindsided and crushed, leaves the textbook and flees.
Finally, Sherlock makes it to the checkout. It takes the teenager behind the counter three tries to give him correct change. Sherlock is so grateful by the end of the ordeal that he simply takes it and leaves without reply. He hails a cab and breathes a sigh of relief to have done something right, something helpful. At least he hopes it will be.
He pressed a hand to his abdomen and took several deep breaths. The feeling of his hand rising and falling with the motion was calming.
“Sherlock,” he called just loud enough to break through the man’s fugue-like monologue. Sherlock stopped pacing and looked at him with exasperation and weariness.
Sherlock made no move to acknowledge that John had spoken. He just continued to stare. John fidgeted and cast around for something to say. He had a million questions, but none seemed particularly appropriate for easing into the undoubtedly difficult conversation that would follow. Every interrogative he formulated in his mind sounded accusatory, at best, and outright hostile, at worst. John chewed his lip thoughtfully.
Sherlock swallowed back a dark chuckle. He needn’t have bothered. The man in front of him exuded power, lethal and unhinged. His height would not diminish the danger one bit.
Sherlock smirks down at him with a predatory glint in his eye that makes John forget whatever inconsequential bit of trivia had brought him into the bathroom in the first place. Crowding toward him, Sherlock stretches his arms behind John, closing the door and pinning him to it in one move. John’s heart beats a staccato rhythm in his chest and his breathing quickens. Sherlock’s face is so close to his own that he could count the man’s eyelashes.
“I have found that in John. He is singular, unparalleled in all my vast experience. There is no man in all this world even close to equaling him. This is the very heart of my problem. Since it mainly concerns John, I could not ask him, which is why I am here.”
At first, it was all just a jumble of meaningless noises joined together, but eventually the letters rearrange themselves into a comprehensible order.
John stares for a moment, dumbfounded. Sherlock starts to sweat and fidget. Maybe, that was not the right thing to say? He watches John warily, hoping he won’t leave. He’s clearly not well. Sherlock is sure he can do better.
"John would barely agree to go after her when you had each other as back up. He would never forgive you if you risked your life going after her now."
M’s eyes flashed dangerously, and he clucked his tongue. Sherlock’s shoulders hunched automatically, reading the disapproval in the action and preparing for the blowback. Retribution would be swift. He’d experienced it often enough to know. His eyes fixated on the tile floor, and he waited.
Sherlock hides his smile by sitting gingerly on the edge of the sofa. He hopes to escape with the minimum amount of cat hair clinging to his suit as possible. Probably, a futile wish but one tries their best. Toby, the cat is noticeably absent, which means Molly is home somewhere. He refuses to leave her side. Greg has made an effort though. The carpet has fresh indentations from the vacuum cleaner, and the table shines with a recent layer of polish. Greg’s children smile down from gold frames on the mantle and several football pennants hang on the wall. The room is a perfect blend of Greg and Molly.
A white-tiled bathroom filled his vision. A grand pedestal sink was center-frame while the entire far wall was adorned with the steady flow of a waterfall shower. Steam was curling lightly off the streaming current, fogging over the mirror. But none of that held John’s fascination the way the fully-clothed solitary figure crouching in the corner did. Sherlock’s halo of dark curls grew damp and stuck to the man’s forehead, but he paid them no mind. He remained motionless in his cramped position.
There was nothing left to occupy his idle hands, yet he left them soaking in the soapy water. It felt good though his fingers had long ago gone pruny. John had slung the damp dish towel over his shoulder and was making a show of rearranging and straightening the lines of dishes he’d dried. Sherlock read the kindness and the space John was attempting to give him. Good, kind, clever John who always knew what he needed and never pushed.
The thought slammed through him like an icy chill. The fact that he was even considering leaving John behind was abhorrent. It was the repulsion more than anything that had him sliding into the back of a cab without another word.
It was wrong. Everything was wrong. John wasn’t excited about the case. He wanted to stay home. Why? That wasn’t John. John loved the cases. He loved it when Sherlock swanned around being a prat, only sharing information once he’d worked out the next three steps so that Lestrade always felt helplessly behind.
“Sherlock, you need to be in hospital! You need real doctors – experts – to run tests and determine the best course of treatment. I can’t triage you here. Not for poison. Why the hell didn’t you say something sooner. I’ll call ahead. I think Luca’s working A&E tonight. Might be able to expedite the process."
"You'll want to talk about it then," Sherlock says around a mouthful of toast. Clever John to put the plate of honeyed toast next to his mug.
“I know you’re sorry, but I can’t keep forgiving you only to get left behind again. Just promise me that you’ll stop ditching me to go off and do dangerous shit by yourself.”
Sherlock's arms twitch but his frame remains locked tight. Mycroft lowers his voice and tries again.
M took it as an apology, but Sherlock knew it was a tear of disgust. He was disgusted with himself. He was repulsed by the man in his lap, and his skin should be crawling at his touch. Caught between repulsion at his body’s responses and mortification at his weakness, he felt a few more frustrated tears fall. He’d known what would happen. What always happened.
Sherlock’s body leaned into the contact, craving his touch. He ran his hand up Sherlock’s jaw to grasp a handful of curls, and tilting Sherlock’s head back, M softly kissed his pulse point. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed.
Sherlock did as he was told. M was hot and hard in his hand. The moment his fingers wrapped around him, M groaned with relief and bucked up into them. M finally released his grip on Sherlock’s hair, and the detective let his eyes close in relief.
The hand tremors are a painful reminder of darker earlier times and a different doctor who was running from his past. The man in front of him is running too. That is clear from the set of his jaw, but it’s impossible to determine what he’s running from without more information. He is a detective after all, not a psychic, no matter how much John argues otherwise.
Sherlock pads back into the sitting room and smiles. John is asleep with his head tipped-back against the back of the sofa. Leaving him to sleep a moment longer, Sherlock gathers John’s pajamas and a glass of water, which he deposits in the bathroom. Concluding that he has done all he can, Sherlock regretfully rouses John. As John rises and heads for his bath, Sherlock shuts himself in his room to pack the box back under his bed.
He rejoins Mycroft and Lestrade in the waiting room and sips thankfully at the hot tea. Damn Mycroft and his forethought. The caffeine of coffee would likely have been too much right now, but he could have saved Sherlock the dignity of refusing it. He wants to be contrary and stomp off to find coffee, regardless of the caffeine consequences, but he doesn’t leave the waiting room again. Damn Mycroft for knowing that too.
"I don't think I had anything more than coffee at home until Mary got on this new health kick three weeks ago. She insisted on making us these smoothies for breakfast. Tasted like regurgitated grass. I mean, who wants to drink something
The man really does look like him, with a few notable differences. He may go in for a good disguise every now and then, but he would never be caught dead in the ridiculous robes the man is wearing. The goatee is also distracting. He hadn’t been lying when he told John he likes his doctors clean-shaven.
“How is Harry?” The question hung between them for a moment before John sighed. The tension unspooled as John melted into the seat. It was as if he had been carrying all that tension just waiting for Sherlock to ask.
The restaurant was deserted. The table in front of him was clean and reset. The lights in the kitchen were off, but his coat still hung on the hooks by the door, for which he was grateful. His shirt was streaked with M’s come, and he didn’t fancy traversing half of London marked by another man’s semen. He really didn’t want to explain it to John.
Sherlock is barely withstanding John’s punishing thrusts. He won’t hold out much longer. A mottled flush peppers his chest, neck, and face a bright red. He is chanting low, almost under his breath.
He levered Sherlock up enough that he could slide out from underneath him. He used the toilet, but he didn’t linger. Every atom of his body was anxious to get back to Sherlock. If he wasn’t so blissfully happy, he’d be embarrassed at his compulsive need to be near him.
His legs felt unsteady and he slid down to crouch between the wall and the ground. He forced his head between his knees and he took long gulping breaths. This was not supposed to happen anymore. They had agreed.
John can’t finish the sentence. He just can’t. Sherlock seems to understand as he rifles through his papers. After a few moments of diligent searching, he holds up a slightly tattered surveillance photograph of the young, dark-haired woman handing something to James Moriarty. John would recognize that flat, dead gaze anywhere. The photo is enhanced to focus on the small parcel the woman clutches tightly in her fist: a small metal flash drive that reads A.G.R.A.
While John stared, Mycroft pressed a small button on the console next to him. A wooden panel on the side of the car lowered to reveal a small bar, from which Mycroft retrieved two tumblers and an impressively expensive bottle of scotch. He filled the glasses and handed one to John before downing his own in one go.
He took the next two left turns, walked down a flight of stairs, and found himself at a crossroads. Four different passageways branched off of the vestibule in which he stood. John looked back and forth between the options, but he had no inkling of familiarity with any of them. There was no light or sound to guide him, and his impatience to get to Sherlock was driving his decisions. He had abandoned all reason the moment Sherlock’s legs had given out beneath him.
John stares fondly at the man and gasps as every thrust brushes Sherlock’s cock against his prostate, lighting him up from the inside out. His fist flies over his swollen cock, and he knows he’s seconds away from coming. He squeezes Sherlock’s biceps and fucks himself hard, but he leans down, noses along Sherlock’s ear, and whispers: “I love you.”
Annoyed by the man's antics, John looked around the large entry way for any sign of Sherlock. He was surprised to find none. There was no tell-tale Belstaff hanging by the door. There was no combative invective being hurled down the halls. In fact, the manor was eerily quiet. John's anger flared again as he realized he'd have to stoop to asking Sherlock's brother to show him to his friend.
Outside his office, the clinic was a tornado of motion. There were children crying and papers fluttering. Lisbeth was trying to herd a senile old man into a waiting examination room, and the receptionist’s phone was a switchboard of blinking red lights.
The revelation of a Mary-Moriarty partnership should capture John’s full attention, but it’s really the dark, unfamiliar fringe that steals his focus. Mary’s hair is long with curls hanging past her shoulders. The look softens her and makes her seem younger, more vulnerable than the experience-hardened woman he married. Perhaps the woman in the picture was. Who knows when the photograph was taken?
After a while, the sobs lessen and Sherlock's breathing comes a little more evenly. His body still trembles, and Mycroft runs his arms, trying to warm him. Footsteps echo down the hallway, alerting them a few seconds before Lestrade's concerned face appears around the corner. The D.I. huffs his astonishment at the tender tableau and looks away. Sherlock pulls his head off of his brother's shoulder and swipes his eyes with the heels of his hands. He draws himself up as much as possible while sitting.
There were five hundred and ninety-two tiles on the ceiling, or maybe it was five hundred and ninety-three. Sherlock was annoyed that he could not decide whether the cracked tile should count as one tile or two.
Sherlock’s fingers twitched to the right of his head, but he didn’t move away. John thought that he should feel awkward. He was only wearing his briefs and his sheet had slipped down in the night so that it was draped low across his hips. His chest was bare, and his scar was on prominent display in a way that John never allowed. It wasn’t that he was embarrassed by it anymore. It was just another broken part of himself that he had learned to live with. No. John kept it covered because it made him feel too exposed.
“Honestly, I didn’t really understand a word of it. You probably would though. Something about a sanctum and surgery and sorcery. Who knows? It was just catching up over a coffee. But it did get me thinking.”
“I didn’t need a mark to tell me that.” John’s voice was steady as he pushed Sherlock’s curls back from his face. “I knew the moment I met you.”
Thankfully, the traffic isn’t too bad and John arrives slightly sooner than he planned. The cabbie benefits from the uptick in John’s mood and thanks him repeatedly for his generous tip. John nods back and shuts the door behind him.
John’s face crumpled at the implied rejection. Sherlock, dismayed, hurried to reassure him. “I’m not saying that I won’t explain, just give me a minute to figure out…”
“That’s hardly fair to you, John,” Sherlock interrupted. “You like all those things, and I don’t know how much of it I can commit to giving you.”
“Sherlock used Moriarty’s obsession against him. He knew the man valued Sherlock above all his possessions.”
“But I thought everything was going well. What happened? Did I do something wrong? Just tell me what it is and we can work something out, Sherlock. Please just don’t do this. Not now. I can’t lose you again.”
Sherlock’s eyes slowly unglued themselves from the ceiling to steal a glance at John. His eyes betrayed his surprise, and John noticed a deeper, more complex emotion swimming beneath the surface, but he had little time to puzzle over it.
“I thought perhaps it could be that for us again. We have both worked so hard to make things work this time around, and I know we can’t go back to how things were before…before…well, Before. But this is a place of new beginnings. That’s all I want, John.”
Mycroft shook his head quickly. “No. Moriarty knew he survived. He was livid that my brother had tried to deprive him. There was an altercation in Sherlock’s hospital room. Apparently, Sherlock told him that he would never stop trying to take his own life if Moriarty insisted on being a part of it.” Mycroft’s lip curled in dogged admiration. “Don’t you see, John? He left Moriarty with a choice. A world without Sherlock in it or a world where Sherlock lived a life independent of Moriarty.”
“You misunderstand! I do not wish to terminate my relationship with John. I want to enhance it. I want – “
John’s whole world was falling apart. He lashed out blindly, upending a silver bowl off a nearby table. There was absolutely nothing preventing Sherlock from making that promise. There was no loaded gun being held to his head, no threat of harm forcing his hand. He could choose to include John – to tell him the things he needed to know. The man simply
“I wouldn’t ask if I wasn’t desperate. Listen, John,” he leaned in close and lowered his voice so that the other patrons couldn’t overhear. Grisly details tended to disturb the general populace. “He implied that there’s a body count to this operation.”
Sherlock's eyes slide closed in resignation. If Mary started making the smoothies three weeks ago, the timing fits. That fact increases the probability of Mary's involvement to practical certainty. John laughs, low hysterical giggles that he can't seem to control.
“I have missed you, my pet.” He rolled his hips in one long slow motion, grinding his arse against Sherlock’s cock. The breath choked out of the detective. M sealed his lips over Sherlock’s and stole his breath for several moments until Sherlock thought he might pass out. Lights danced in his vision, and he didn’t know if it was too much arousal or not enough oxygen.
There were less than a handful of people that John cared about in his life. Sherlock would know if John’s distress pertained to Sherlock himself or Mrs. Hudson, so he could rule them out. That only left Mike, Bill, and Harry. Sherlock had just spoken with Mike that morning about the identical twin livers he needed for his next experiment on metabolic rates of indigenous poisonous flora. That left Bill and Harry. Bill’s correlation to John’s memories of the war could be behind the return of the tremor, but the balance of probability tipped toward Harry. She and John had been on speaking terms again lately. Just yesterday John had told him that she was six weeks sober…
Mycroft’s lips pressed into a tight, thin line. “He jumped,” Mycroft swallowed audibly, “off of a three-story building. It was a miracle he survived at all. The rehabilitation took months, and the complications persist to this day.”
John's face grows sad. He hates that he has put them in this place where Sherlock has to question John's loyalty. He tries to pull all of his sincerity to the surface, tries to make himself as transparent as possible, willing Sherlock to look and see.
Sherlock’s voice was raspy from disuse, but there was an unmistakable air of scorn in the question. The brashness of the inquiry derailed John’s train of thought.
“You amaze me. I always expect you to ask. Anyone would be curious. God knows I would be. But you don’t pry. How do you always know what to say?”
Sherlock rests his cheek on top of John’s head and hums in lieu of an answer. After several moments, the doorbell buzzes and the moment is over. Sherlock draws back and holds John’s arms in his hands.
John snorts to himself. Sherlock probably knows, but John can’t bring himself to ask. In fact, he can’t think of a single thing to say. The silence stretches as both men fight for their usual on-a-case detachment.
He lets his head hang off the bed to suck Stephen upside-down into his mouth. Sweat drips off Sherlock’s brow and runs rivulets down John’s chest. The detective is mesmerized by the sight.
Stephen’s voice, American accent and all, rings loud in the room as the open door of the wardrobe catches John’s eye. He goes dizzy with arousal at the sight of his naked body stretched between the two most beautiful men he has ever met reflected in the full-length mirror.
The silence expands and fills the room with a foreboding stillness that neither man is anxious to break. Sherlock's fingers twitch at his sides as Mrs. Hudson's clock chimes the hour. John's shoulders slump in defeat. He gestures toward the sofa. Sherlock never really got around to replacing John's chair.
Sherlock climbs hesitantly onto the bed and lies stiffly on top of the comforter. John’s hand pats across the bed until it brushes Sherlock’s. John twines their fingers together and raises Sherlock’s hand to his lips. He peppers kisses over each knuckle and the back of his hand. John falls asleep with their tangled hands resting over his heart. Sherlock stays.
John, unsure of what he meant, held him tighter. This seemed to reassure the man who pulled back slightly to look at him. His Adam’s apple bobbed quickly, and he seemed to struggle over several aborted sentences before making a decision. He fixed his unsteady but serious gaze on John and spoke.
“You think that if I could just explain, if I could put it into words, then you would understand. You’re wrong. You wouldn’t understand, and it wouldn’t do a bit of good. You can’t change the past, John. You can run from it, but it always has a way of catching you, in the end.” He drew in a shuddering breath that he hadn’t realized he had been holding.
Unable to offer decent conversation, John reached for Sherlock’s wrist to take his pulse. He seemed a little less grey, though he could barely tell in the shadowy room. John’s fingers closed around Sherlock’s wrist, his thumb pressing into the delicate underside. He could feel a strong, vibrant, if slightly erratic, pulse.
John caught the receptionist’s eye as he headed toward the door. Her face contorted into a grimace of pain and empathy. God only knows what Mycroft’s people told her when they called, but John was grateful to be leaving without a fuss. He nodded his thanks and hitched his bag higher up on his shoulder.
“We have left the realm of charted medical science, John,” he began. “You are aware of Sherlock’s association with James Moriarty and the drug Hypno-rophenol. I believe my brother went as far as to allude to the unique effect it had on him; however…”
John sucked in a quick breath at the thought. “But I thought you said that Moriarty agreed to leave him be. I thought you said he was safe!”
Stephen shakes his hand but his eyes are glued to John, who seems unsure of his role now that he’s brought these two men together.
All too soon, John’s feet carried him to a foreboding wood door. Standing before the hulking behemoth, he felt an inextricable urge to run as far as possible from the unknown quagmire ensconced behind the door. The questions loomed one after another in John’s mind.
John cleared his throat and leaned back to stretch his arms above his head. His shoulder gave a loud pop as it rotated toward the ceiling. Sherlock squirmed in his seat and dropped his gaze to the microscope in front of him.
M moaned appreciatively, and Sherlock felt a bolt of arousal shoot down his spine. There was sweat beading along his hairline, and his shirt felt tacky against his chest. He chewed, savoring the taste. M watched Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed. M continued to feed him bits of pasta from his own plate, alternating bites for himself and Sherlock.
Sherlock saved him from spiraling too far. “Not as such,” he sighed. “It’s complicated, and I’ve never had to explain it before.”
“Sherlock, I don’t have your way with words. I say what I mean, and what I mean to say more than anything else…You are family. You have been from the very first moment. I have always chosen you, and you have always chosen us. Always. Even when that meant struggle. Even when that meant sacrifice. Even when it meant loss. You choose us every time. After Mary…”
John paced the length of the room several times, his arms swinging in time at his sides. On his fifteenth circuit, he stopped on the far side of the room and gripped his hair.
The kiss is a desperate press, seeking reassurance. After the unusually wordy exchange, all that is left to be said is communicated with hands and lips and skin. After all, they have always been rather good at nonverbal communication.
The soft words do not reach the detective who seems frozen in the act of gripping his own hair. Any movement at all would be encouraging, but Sherlock is motionless. John moves deliberately slowly to kneel in front of him. Carefully, he peels Sherlock’s fingers out of his curls and places the detective’s hands at his sides. John brushes the tangled curls out of his eyes and raises the Sherlock’s chin to make eye contact. He still looks a million miles away, but he is not fighting John.
He presses his hand into Sherlock's and guides him up the stairs. Once in his bedroom, John pulls his canvas bag out from under the bed and tosses in the entirety of his wardrobe. He hasn’t accumulated much since his Baker Street days and it all still fits in the one bag. He nips into the washroom to gather his toiletries and zips it authoritatively closed. He slings the bag over one shoulder and grips Sherlock's hand again in the other. He squeezes tightly and leads them both out of the house.
Only he wasn’t. He wasn’t naïve or young or helpless now. He’d rebuilt himself. The process had taken many years, but he’d done it. He’d gotten clean. He’d found a profession that welcomed his absurdities. He’d found a passable antidote to the poison running in his veins. He’d never be free of it, but he could contain it. He was containing it.
Sherlock thunders up the stairs, startling Rosie into tears. Turning the corner into the sitting room, Sherlock scoops her up off the floor where she had been doing her homework. He plants a kiss on her head and twirls her around.
John wallows in the heartbreak and guilt for a minute before locking it up tight. He shrinks it all, folds it over and over until it is just a tiny fleck in his mind. He’ll mourn later. Now, there’s work to do.
“I wasn’t sure what you had in mind so I’ve gone with dressy casual. Hope your plans don’t call for a three piece, mine’s at the cleaners.”
Sherlock holds onto the cold metal safety bar as they wheel John through the sliding doors. His head spins as he takes in the florescent lighting and rapid-fire dialogue. He wishes John were here to explain the medical shorthand. Sherlock has no chance of deciphering it on his own. Suddenly, a weathered, gentle hand grasps him by the shoulder. Sherlock struggles against the hold, his panic rising as adrenaline floods his system.
Without a glance back, Sherlock waltzed down the hall and into the bathroom. Before shutting the door, he raised his voice enough for John to hear:
“Yes, as I’m sure you observed. Bird’s eye-view up there. You’ve seen for yourself. Now come down here and we can discuss the situation.”
He casts a long glance back and catches Sherlock's gaze in the mirror. The detective nods his gratitude and the corner of Mycroft's lip twitches upward in acknowledgement. Lestrade remains oblivious. Once the two men are out of view, Sherlock rinses his face with cool water. The chill revives him and he slides his emotional detachment back into place. There will be time for vulnerability later, but right now John needs him to keep it together. By the time he is done, the only tell of his mental state is the small quiver of his hands as he dries his face.
John wanted to take the words back, but another part of him hoped Sherlock would answer. He wanted to understand one more small piece of the man he shared his life with.
“I could hear you thinking all the way out in the hall. The miscalculation with the step could have resulted from a number of things, but if your leg was acting up, you would have been much slower coming up the stairs.”
Sherlock almost pitied the man. Three femurs, barring extremely unlikely circumstances, indicated that there was more than one corpse in the boat garage. Lestrade’s puzzling murder had just turned into a potential serial killer case. Sherlock suppressed the urge to laugh. God, it was like Christmas! Three femurs, no fingers, and a locked room mystery all rolled into one. He spun away from the group to hide the small smile he could not keep off his face, but John saw it, of course he did.
Mycroft twirled his umbrella uncomfortably. “You misunderstand me. I’m sure he would tell you if he could, John, but my brother is regrettably under sedation at the moment. You need to prepare yourself. Sherlock is going to need someone in his corner. Can I count on you to be that person?”
“Harry’s in hospital. She drove her car into an embankment this morning.” John shut his eyes and breathed deep. He was angry. “She broke three ribs.” John looked directly at him, and Sherlock shied away from the intensity of that gaze. It was steady and slightly accusatory, as if he was challenging Sherlock to be rude about his sister.
John’s gaze was sharp, reading what he could from Sherlock’s face. “And what was the desired effect?”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered closed and his lips were drawn in resignation. His hands tightened like vices around John’s biceps.
Sherlock holds the book up in front of himself, at a loss for what else to do. He has no idea why Rosie is acting this way.
The questions went on and on, but John realized he did not need the answers. He needed Sherlock to be secure in the knowledge that he could trust John with this. Trust him to know and not let it change anything, not let it change them.
“You eating this morning, then?” John asked in surprise. Sherlock didn’t typically eat during cases. Sherlock hummed in response and handed John his sandwich before heading to the table. John seated himself across from Sherlock and watched with happiness as the detective attacked the sandwich with something akin to enthusiasm. Sherlock, noticing John’s attention, set the sandwich down and wiped his mouth.
- blue. Assuming that he wasn’t going to get an answer, he folded the dishtowel in his hands and turned back to the sink.
His statement was fragile as the vapor swirling around them in the steamy room. John heard him though and was consumed by fear at his friend’s uncharacteristically emotional display. Somehow, the adrenaline pounding through his system had a calming effect, allowing him to narrow his focus to exclude everything around him that was not Sherlock. He was used to high-stress situations and excelled at projecting a calm authority.
John placed the items on the coffee table and moved towards one of the squat armchairs that faced the sofa. It was wide and soft, stitched in a frankly disturbing tan tartan. Not at all what he would have expected from Mycroft Holmes.
John was an intriguing study in contradiction. His passion and encouragement were a raging hurricane in all of Sherlock’s still and silent places. The doctor who went to war was treating Sherlock as if
Sherlock caught John’s eye, then hid his smirk behind his paper. Rosie was due to start Biology lessons this term, and Sherlock had done nothing to hide his pride. John, on the other hand, continues to believe that modesty is an admirable trait. Sherlock had focused very hard on the international section of the paper while John tried to explain the ridiculous notion to his daughter.
“Can I hold your hand?” John asked, reaching into the space between them. Sherlock paused before stretching forward to clasp John’s hand with his own. He wove their fingers together and gripped hard. John beamed up at him.
John snaps his “p” the way Sherlock usually does, egging him on. Catching on quickly, Sherlock lowers his head to run his nose along John’s cheek. He inhales deeply, ruffling John’s hair. Most of the tension drains out of John’s shoulders as a shiver runs through him.
John’s eyes filled but no tears fell. He had no idea if Sherlock would want the same from him, but he could not remember ever feeling this free.
John spared a moment to make sure his small medical kit was situated in the bottom of his bag before exiting his office. He’d learned long ago to always keep a travel size kit on his person. It came in handy more often than not when one worked with someone as reckless as Sherlock Holmes.
furrows his brow as he trims the edges of the article to a precise 1/8” margin and pastes it into the scrapbook.
Greg paused, and John sucked in a breath, clearly surprised to see that the DI’s face had gone deep red. Sherlock could feel the awkwardness spooling out. This could turn into a long, convoluted conversation if he didn’t step in.
John reached forward to tangle their fingers together, gripping tightly. Sherlock wanted to take comfort in the gesture. He wanted John to hold even this small piece of him. He knew that if there was one safe place in this world, it was under John Watson’s hand.
They speak at the same time, and John blushes red. It is surprisingly humbling to see Sherlock so eager to help. The detective launches himself off the sofa and hovers before John with a startlingly tender expression.
“My brother!” Sherlock’s eyes flashed with anger. “Tiresome meddling idiot! I specifically requested you not be involved, but does he ever listen to me? Of course not!”
Sherlock didn’t think he could. He bullied his legs to move and he managed to get them underneath him before they buckled. He tipped sideways, grabbing at John desperately. John caught him reflexively, just like Sherlock knew he would. He gripped John by the shoulders and hid his face against the doctor’s neck. He felt John tense, but Sherlock couldn’t care. He knew this was outside the constraints of typical flatmate behavior. It was even outside the constraints of their unusual brand of close-yet-platonic. Sherlock inhaled, and the scent of John settled some of the discordant jangling inside of him.
For the next ten minutes, Sherlock shuts his eyes and enjoys the companionable quiet. At fifteen minutes, his eyes snap open. After twenty minutes, he is pacing a familiar path around his room. At thirty minutes, Sherlock cannot hold back any longer. Visions of John asleep and fully submerged flash through his mind.
Sherlock raised his glass and took a sip without looking at it. “Earthy,” he commented dryly. He knew M would expect gratitude for granting him the indulgence of a sip of wine, and he had no intention of complying. The single word answer would anger him as well.
He twists one of Stephen’s nipples hard while he sucks at a freckle on his neck. Stephen’s knees go weak.
“Lestrade clearly has somewhere to be, John. He can’t afford to hang around here waiting for Anderson to activate the few unaffected brain cells that remain in his skull. The crime scene techs have been thorough with their photographing of the scene. Not that they were particularly insightful. They took images in a rough grid so as not to miss anything. However, in this case, their dogmatic approach has paid off. Look here,” Sherlock brandished one of the photos at John.
“Nah, they broke their ankle a couple years ago on a ski holiday in Switzerland with their family, but nothing seriously out of the norm. Why?” Lestrade’s voice was tinged with hope. John handed over the photograph and pointed at three distinct objects. The white bones stood out grotesquely amidst the dark charring and blood.
"I would not have wasted the scotch if I meant to harm you, Dr. Watson. Sherlock's room is just the end of this hall."
“Alright,” John soothed. “Will you stop pacing around like a caged tiger and talk to me? I want to understand.”
The top two rows twist completely off the Rubik’s cube, and both pieces land on the ground. Sherlock barely hits the pause button before he is curling in on himself. His body is shaking and his lungs burn with the need to breathe more deeply. He rests his face against his drawn-up knees. He stays that way for several minutes, letting himself have this. A part of him is glad John isn’t here right now. It almost seems like a kindness.
“I understand if this isn’t something you want anymore. Or if it never was. I mean, it definitely felt like there were times where it could have happened, but then everything else happened and maybe we missed our chance? I’m not explaining this well. A lot has happened between us, maybe too much, but I still want this. That’s what I’m trying to say. I know that this – us – comes with a child now. Maybe that’s too much to ask. But I hope it’s not. Dear God, I hope it’s not because I will never love anyone else the way that I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock showers, dresses, and sits down at his microscope. The paraffin samples he prepared last week are finally ready for analysis. He is so engrossed in what he is doing, that it is just after noon when he remembers the biology book. Pushing aside the samples, he grabs the text and jogs down the stairs.
He sprints for the bathroom as Mycroft reassures Lestrade that he will handle it. He hands Lestrade his umbrella, straightens his lapel, and follows Sherlock.
John is so distracted that he doesn’t notice them arrive. Sherlock looks down and clears his throat. The sound is an admonishment that fades into amusement. Sherlock turns them so that John is facing an abandoned building.
In an instant, Sherlock is on his feet and looms above John, six feet of infinite capability. He reaches down to offer help. John grasps his hands and together, they pull John to his feet.
John doesn't say that. He knows Sherlock is talking about the conversation with Mycroft, so he squares his shoulders and answers directly.
His eyes never leave John's face. He watches as John's expression shifts from breathless laughter to white-faced fear to melancholy regret. Sherlock can see the exact moment he tips from hopeful to regret. He watches John's face grow taut and blank.
Sherlock blinked at him, absorbing the meaning and parsing the need to respond. John was patient though. He watched Sherlock and waited as if he had all the time in the world. He couldn’t be comfortable like that though, his leg curled up underneath him. He’d be limping tomorrow. Sherlock made a noise of distress which John immediately misinterpreted. He frowned but gestured at Sherlock.
He squirmed in his seat as a flush rose up his neck. The man behind him chuckled and slid his hand to Sherlock’s shoulder, tugging on the lapel of his coat.
Sherlock is genuinely curious. John has not always been the most luminous of people, but he is constantly surprising Sherlock.
Sherlock’s face performed a complicated contortion that Sherlock’s half-turned position mostly concealed from John. “A while,” he hedged, clearly not wanting to elaborate.
John's cock grew impossibly harder in his hand, and Sherlock felt his own balls draw up in his pants. His eyes widened. Was he going to - ?
Greg took a long swallow and swung his legs up to rest on the empty chair next to John before he answered. “Colin Bleedin’ Monahan. Yeah - too bloody much, actually. He’s giving us so much information, it’s hard to parse the essentials from the nonsense. Apart from the details relating to the assault on Jenny Waterman, it’s all white noise.”
"Mrs. Turner keeps a tidy house," Mycroft said, apropos of nothing. At John's questioning stare, he elaborated. "The charming caretaker turned housekeeper you just met."
in secret if it’s not illegal!” John was yelling. He knew he was yelling now, but he couldn’t help it. Sherlock was sitting there in front of him, justifying his behavior.
“Of course,” he growled. “Leave it to that insufferable, interfering, overblown desk-jockey to stick his fat nose in where it doesn’t belong.”
Without looking back, John left the kitchen. He jogged down the stairs and stood in the entryway outside the door to 221A. He knew Mrs. Hudson had left early this morning for her sister’s, but he had hoped Sherlock would accept it as the excuse he had intended it to be.
“If we have to replace the flue again, Mrs. Hudson really will take it out of our rent.” John had been baiting the detective, and Sherlock knew it. He tossed the last of the compounds into the fire, watched it glow purple, then threw himself onto the sofa.
The room was quintessentially Sherlock, and John momentarily forgot his reason for entering as he took in the details around him. A not-so-subtle throat clearing from the hallway reminded him quite quickly, and he made his way to stand beside the bed. John looked down at the gaunt figure and struggled to identify his friend.
Sherlock's whole body sways toward the plate and his nostrils flare as he tries to determine the biscuit type by scent alone. Mrs. Hudson pats his cheek and heads for the kitchen.
Sherlock blushes, but John growls and rocks his hips to flip them over. He looms possessively over the detective and thrusts himself down hard.
M had planned this meeting down to the last detail. A brightly-lit restaurant, easily viewed from the outside, lit specifically to draw the eye to the singular table…
Fearing that the feed had frozen, John reached toward the keyboard intent on refreshing the connection. However, the sharp sound of a fractured sob stayed his hand. The echo of was loud in the nearly silent room, amplifying its effect. John waited, not quite trusting his senses. Had he really heard that or was he imagining it?
John, who had been hastily zipping his jacket by the door, stopped. He knew it was unfair to have lashed out at Sherlock like that, even if the detective had been trying to provoke him. “Look,” he said, one hand reaching out across the vast expanse of the sitting room. John hastily lowered his arm and clenched his fist at his side. “I’m sorry, alright?”
“No need to be an ass. You know that’s not what I meant. I thought we could work together to get a new antidote ready for you, but what the hell do I know, right?”
At that moment, John realized that Sherlock was exposing his private thoughts. He was letting John glimpse the worlds of emotion that existed in the brilliant, usually inaccessible universe of Sherlock’s mind.
Sherlock swallowed and said nothing, but John could feel his doubt. He readjusted his position so that his lower back was settled more comfortably against the unyielding tile and cleared his throat. This time, he waited for Sherlock to look up. He had things that needed saying, and he’d put them off far too long. He had no way of knowing how they would be received, but he needed to know that Sherlock heard and understood,
The headmaster’s secretary pages Rosie to the office, and offer Sherlock some tea while they wait. Sherlock, now partial to John’s particular tea-making prowess, politely refuses. Rosie is so deep in her own head as she enters the office that it takes her several moments to realize that Sherlock is standing there. When she notices, her face blanches and she begins to shake. Sherlock’s hands shoot out instinctively to catch and comfort, but Rosie twists away.
Stephen whimpers at the loss of contact as well and moves around the bed to stand at John’s head. John strokes Stephen’s cock twice before Sherlock thrusts into his ready hole. John’s chest hitches for a moment before his entire body relaxes into the soothing pleasure of Sherlock fucking him.
John’s heart gave a savage throb at the unbridled vulnerability reflected in Sherlock’s eyes. His uncertainty was a drastic change from his usual cold, arrogant façade, and the difference was impossible to ignore. He looked impossibly young and entirely unequipped for this situation. His gaze was almost pleading.
His name rings out in a steady, earnest voice he recognizes from his childhood. It is the voice that told him bedtime stories filled with swordfights and gold. It is the voice that instructed him to hold his fingers "just-so" on the violin. It is the voice that long ago (and more recently in Serbia) signified safety, comfort, and home.
Sherlock lays his hand over John's, tangling their fingers together. He gives a gentle, reassuring squeeze and leaves John to his thoughts as he stares vacantly out the window of the cab whisking them back to Baker Street once more.
John whirled back into the sitting room, grabbed the coffee from his flatmate, and dashed off down the stairs. Sherlock blinked in surprise, and John’s laugh carried back up to him on the landing.
Sherlock watched John, breathless with laughter, as he pressed his finger to his mobile. The screen illuminated his face, and he immediately wished it wouldn’t. He wanted to go back to the moment just before he took out his mobile. He wanted to go back to the laughter and the warmth. When had it gotten so cold? Sherlock’s fingers shook around his mobile, so he clutched it tighter. His breathing turned haggard, and he was thankful that John was still laughing. Maybe he wouldn’t hear the change. Maybe he’d chalk it up to mirth.
“I tried,” Mycroft’s voice was pleading, imploring John to believe him. “You have to understand, I did not hold the office I do now. I had some influence then but not nearly enough to orchestrate a rescue operation. In the end, I couldn’t move fast enough.”
He waited breathlessly for Sherlock’s answer. They never talked about this – about sex. Not since that first night when everything had been tangled up in –
Not leaving time for Sherlock to reply, John disappears down the stairs. The light rumble of laughter carries up the stairs as Sherlock pours three equal glasses of smooth, deep red. He’s just swirling the wine in his glass and tasting as the mysterious sorcerer enters the flat. Sherlock inhales quickly, accidentally snorting red wine. The drink burns in his nose and the back of his throat as he quickly recovers from the odd experience of looking into an alternate reality mirror, or at least that’s what it feels like.
John sets his half-empty glass down on the side table and leans forward, elbows resting on his knees. He has a predatory gleam in his eyes as he sizes Stephen up.
He absently presses against his own cock and chokes on his own arousal. He hadn’t realized how turned on he was getting from watching the pair on the sofa. He unzips his trousers and takes himself in hand, stroking slowly with the rhythm of John’s undulating body. Stephen’s head is thrown back against the arm of the sofa while John sucks firmly at his earlobe.
Sherlock looked intently at him, sizing him up. “Would you like to sit?” he asked, gesturing at the chair across the table. John planted his feet and crossed his arms. He wasn’t going anywhere until Sherlock explained.
He knew this time wouldn’t last long. He cupped John’s cock through his jeans, and John sighed. He threaded his fingers in Sherlock’s hair sealing their lips together. Sherlock unzipped John’s trousers enough to slip his cock out, not bothering to try to take them off. He licked his own hand before wrapping it around John’s throbbing erection.
Neither man seemed forthcoming. He looked around the room as if seeing it for the first time, hoping he was missing an obvious explanation. It was mostly the same as he had left it. He did notice that Sherlock had raked the fireplace. He’d never admit he’d done it, but Sherlock knew Mrs. Hudson had a hard time getting back up after doing so. She did have a bad hip after all.
He couldn’t understand the world’s obsession with soul bonds. People insisted on bringing it up at the most inconvenient times, and it was almost as popular a topic as which football team would win the cup this year or which idiot was currently prime minister. Useless.
John was startled out of his train of thought by the slightly exasperated sound of a throat being cleared. The voice was much too deep and much too haughty to be Anthea’s. John’s eyes swept across the floor to a perfectly polished pair of brogues. His eyes continued to sweep up the tailored lines of a three-piece suit until they landed on a familiar face. Those disconcertingly sharp eyes bored into John’s own, and he felt himself speak before he even knew what he was saying.
Despite his discomfort, sitting down did offer John one advantage – he was now face-to-face with Sherlock. He used the momentary reprieve to watch the rise and fall of his friend’s chest. It was in no way a medically valid measurement, but the respiration was even enough to appease John for the time being.
Sherlock’s voice chokes into silence as he heaves in breath and suppresses a sob. John, still mostly at a loss as to what has happened, does his best.
Sherlock appreciated John’s steady warmth. It fortified him, shored up the ragged places he hadn’t noticed getting so drafty. He couldn’t deny it. John had seen the cracks in his armor tonight. Truly seen them in a way he had not allowed anyone before to see.
M clamped down on Sherlock’s earlobe to get his attention. “You wanted to touch me,” he chided, “so touch me. Wrap those long, alien fingers around my cock and let me fuck you.”
“I’ll let you know when he finds something, Greg.” He knew this wouldn’t go very far toward reassuring the detective inspector, but it was all he could manage in the moment. John was gripping the edge of his desk so tight that his knuckles were bleached white, and his nails were leaving half-moon shaped gouges in the wooden surface.
While Sherlock showered, John went in search of a change of clothes. The clothes Sherlock had been wearing were stained through with the sweat of the fever that had not yet broke.
John leans over to kiss Sherlock’s temple as he passes by to fill the kettle. Sherlock shifts, subconsciously leaning into the scent of home-safe-
Sherlock pulls a second folder out from underneath his chair and spreads the papers across the coffee table. John identifies them as autopsy reports and dives in. Fifteen minutes later, John’s head is swimming. This can’t mean… Sherlock doesn’t mean…
“Dull,” Sherlock muttered before steepling his hands under his chin and gazing resolutely at the ceiling. John smiled to himself. The prat really could be an enormous child sometimes. He finished rinsing off the sauce pan, gave it a wipe, and left it on the side to dry off.
Sherlock felt a moment of stabbing regret for what he was about to do, but it was necessary. He turned on the spot and walked swiftly in the other direction. John fought to follow him, but by the time he made it to the corner, Sherlock was gone.
Sherlock’s tone slides into vulnerability toward the end. He shifts his weight onto his left leg and looks at John demurely through his lashes.
“I should have realized what was happening before I downed the spiked drink, but I was already high.” He felt shame well up inside of him, and he deliberately did not look in John’s direction. “Everything was bright and fast, and I didn’t care because it was all such a relief. I was an idiot.”
Feeling more himself, Sherlock heads toward the kitchen hoping to avoid a full meal but definitely angling for tea. He is not disappointed. A steaming mug sits across from John at the breakfast-laden table. Sherlock smiles his thanks and sits.
John is tired and the silent rule will not keep him quiet much longer, so he pushes past the doorman and stumbles back onto the street. He knows he was rude, but he can hardly bring himself to care. He closes his eyes and takes two deep breaths. The breaths help push back the panic, so he can think. If Sherlock sent him on a wild goose chase on purpose, that means he had an ulterior motive for doing so. But what?
Thank you to everyone who had questions but stuck with this story. I hope this chapter begins to answer them.
John could hardly agree that the strange interaction amounted to an introduction, but he didn't care to argue with Mycroft at the moment. The man was taking an infuriatingly long time with his cuff links.
The warning that had been picking away at the back of his mind all night snapped into clear focus. He knew things had been off with Sherlock lately. He didn’t know the exact cause, but he knew it was unusual for him to find the detective in the throes of a panic attack on the dank ground of an alleyway in Brixton.
“What happened?” John asked in a carefully measured voice. “I know you know, Mycroft. You pretend to know everything that happens with him. So, go on, prove your omniscience. Just this once, show that you interfered to the level you always imply, and tell me what the hell happened.”
"Yes. He is in recovery right now, but when we move him to his room, you will be allowed in to see him."
Sherlock looks grim, and John is suddenly not sure he wants an answer anymore. He sinks into his own chair anxiously.
The men didn’t look for any acknowledgement from their leader. They simply completed their tasks and returned to the kitchen.
“Look. I don’t really know what is going on, but you clearly don’t want me to touch you. So, I won’t okay? I promise. Can you talk to me?” John hoped the sincerity he felt was translating in his tentative expression.
He was preparing to call for Lisbeth when his mobile vibrated and chirped with an incoming text message from an unlisted number:
John’s stomach plummeted as he considered the desperation Sherlock must have felt standing on the edge of the roof of that building. What must be nipping at your heels to make you step into the air and take the plunge rather than step back onto solid ground?
John squirmed and fought with himself. This felt much closer to a betrayal of Sherlock’s confidences. He remained silent while he thought about the right way to word what he was going to say, settling on phrasing that was specific enough to convey his knowledge but vague enough that someone who did not know already would not be let in on the information.
John looked over Greg’s shoulder at the curved line of Sherlock’s spine. He looked well and truly fascinated.
As soon as the door to Mrs. Hudson's flat is safely closed, Sherlock springs into motion. He sweeps the biscuit crumbs off the front of his dressing gown and flies toward his bedroom. John, startled by the sudden change, is barely on his feet before Sherlock's door slams shut. Determined to get at least some answers out of the mad man, John yells through the door.
An enormous weight was lifted from him, and it took him several minutes to realize that he could move. He blinked open the eyes he hadn’t realized that he had closed.
John nodded his understanding. “I realized fairly quickly that you had left me at the symphony, thanks for that by the way, but I wasn’t truly worried until you didn’t come home that night. I tried calling and texting, but I got no answer. Frankly, I was relieved when you brother – “
. He’d figured there would be plenty of time for admonishments when he got home. But he’d returned to an empty Baker Street in the early evening. As evening rolled into night, John had started to grow concerned by Sherlock’s continued absence. There couldn’t have been any new leads on the case, and if there were, why would Sherlock have left him behind?
When he was finally finished, he turned and must have read the frustration on John's face because he simply started down the hall on the right.
Had he passed these rooms earlier? How had he not noticed the opulence around him? Surely, he would have noticed the display of weapons. The room was so massive that he was sure he’d be well within his rights to call it an armory. John was fixated on a particular musket in the collection when movement on the adjacent screen caught his eye.
John looked at him in shock. He had thought Sherlock would pretend as if last night hadn’t happened and here he was bringing it up of his own accord. John tried to push down his excitement, hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t see his eagerness and be put off. He nodded his encouragement and sipped his tea slowly.
John’s heart broke to hear Sherlock talk that way, but he needed to understand where the man was coming from.
. I was so afraid to leave your room. I know it sounds stupid but I felt like if I stayed, you would have to stay too."
Knowing that M would insist, Sherlock undid the button of his suit jacket before resettling into his chair. The table was pristine. Only the butter knife was askew, but there weren’t any menus. Sherlock took a sip from his water glass while M rejoined him.
John slides off the sofa and walks directly to the bedroom, silently thanking Sherlock for the moment alone to get himself together. Sherlock smiles warmly at Stephen and claps him on the back as they follow.
Iain and Stephen stagger over and collapse on the bed as well. John chuckles at the memory of changing the sheets mere hours ago. So much for that. Sherlock elbows him.
would keep his distance, and Sherlock would not interfere with his business. He practically ran the bloody empire, you’d think he’d get bored of chasing Sherlock across London.
Sherlock feels tears welling in his eyes. John’s voice is full of pain and regret. Maybe watching this was a mistake. It seems intensely personal. But then, John had sent it him. His fingers slide the cubes harshly as he watches.
Mycroft raised his glass to his lips again. His face warped with shock and disgust when he remembered it was already empty. He put it back on the bar before turning to John. His hands fiddled with the clasp on his briefcase, but his eyes never left John’s face. John could see him considering his options.
“The cases will always be there, John. I will always want you with me, even when we’re both geriatric and unable to chase criminals anymore. I’ll be bored out of my mind, and Rosie will be at university, but I’ll have you.”
John's mouth gapes and he seems frozen for a few moments before a deep laugh pushes its way out of his belly.
With shaking hands, he reopened his mobile to display the message that had turned his world upside down.
The DI looked genuinely relieved, squeezed John’s shoulder, and left. He had his mobile pressed to his ear before he’d even made it out of the pub.
How come Sherlock was always the one to get his consideration? Why did he take great pains to accommodate the man who never reciprocated? Was it so much to ask that just this once, the great Sherlock Holmes stop and consider John’s feelings?
The waiting room bursts into action when the wailing cuts off abruptly. Clearly, the man is not a parent. He didn’t know not to give the kid a hard candy. Idiot.
“How do you know all this?” John asked, his curiosity rising in spite of himself. He didn’t know exactly how long hypno-rophenol had been manufactured. When the press had gotten wind of what the pharma companies were cooking up, it had been national news. But every outlet had failed to state how Hypno was different from rophenol. There were no publicly available formulas or reports. It wasn’t something he was familiar with as a physician, but that didn’t mean his patients hadn’t been exposed to it without his knowledge. Was this knowledge Sherlock had picked up during his drug days?
Of course. He was a scientist. His mind was an endless stream of questions needing answers. But it seemed like John had a more specific query in mind.
“Hilarious, John,” he said dryly when he reached the entryway. But a smile was playing around the corners of his mouth and he looked at John with immense fondness. John nodded and gestured toward the door.
John's request is honest and hopeful, so Mrs. Hudson agrees. John even offers up his armchair, but Mrs. Hudson balks at the very idea, settling herself primly onto the sofa. She stretches her legs out gratefully and absently rubs her hip. Sherlock's brows draw down in consternation at the tell-tale signs of pain telegraphed by his landlady's actions. Mrs. Hudson waves off his concern and coaxes him into his armchair.
His eyes flicked quickly across the array of screens, trying to find a frame of reference for his eventual journey back through the winding labyrinthian house. He saw a palatial dining room complete with crystal chandelier, an indoor pool that must be full Olympic-sized, and a glass conservatory filled with lush green vegetation he was fairly certain could never be native to the cold, rocky isle that was Britain.
The question itself is innocuous, but the tone of Mycroft’s voice sends a cold chill down his spine.
After the engagement celebration, John sits up and sweeps the dust out of his hair. He looks down at Sherlock, who is still lying on his back, palm pressed to his chest, and breathing hard. He looks so young in this moment. The age and worry lines are smoothed away and replaced with a glowing happiness that suffuses his entire being. Beautiful.
Not worked related, clearly. Must be personal then. John’s left hand was balled into a fist at his side and a subtle tremor wracked the limb. Sherlock wished he could close the small space between them and still the shaking with his hand clasped over John’s, but he didn’t dare.
John cursed under his breath and turned back to the bed. Nodding to himself, he unhooked the sedative and settled into the nearby chair to wait. He thought back to the last time he had seen Sherlock. If he had left the concert when he'd realized his friend had ditched out on the performance, maybe he would have been able to help mitigate or prevent whatever horrific event had resulted in the rumpled grey figure in front of him.
John rolls onto his side, propping his arm under his chin to glance at the laptop. Several photographs of a dark-haired woman surround a briefing with ostentatious stamp marks reading:
Sherlock ran without really seeing the road beneath his feet. He knew London better than he knew himself. He was not concerned about where he’d end up so long as John wasn’t there to see him fall apart. He raced through a narrow alleyway and came to a halt panting against a dirty brick wall. There were glass shards from discarded beer bottles and cigarette butts littering the ground. Sherlock leaned his head back against the wall, disregarding the patina of grime bathing the bricks.
“To be clear, are you talking about the physical aspects of a relationship?” John asked, his cheeks growing pink. He knew it was awkward phrasing, but he couldn’t think of a more sensitive way to put it that wouldn’t come across as horrifically cliché.
By the time he returned to the bathroom with a comfortably worn pair of pajamas, Sherlock was at the sink. He had a towel slung low around his waist and he was painstakingly attempting to shave. The process was slow as he fought against the tremors that shook his hands.
Sherlock hadn’t moved. He was still crumpled on the floor in the corner of the room. John slowly made his way over and sat as close as he could without actually touching the man.
Sherlock’s body tensed as he noticed John beside him, but he did not raise his gaze from the tile between his knees. He sucked in a shaky lungful of air that wheezed in his chest. His hands were shaking imperceptibly, so he shoved them under his thighs. Several minutes passed before he felt able to speak.
John gaped helplessly at the solid wood of the door for a full minute. This was not at all how he thought this evening would go. He almost wished he’d stayed and let Sherlock ruin his novel.
Sherlock took it all in. He let John batter himself against Sherlock’s defenses. Mycroft was right compassion would kill him. The length of the seat may as well have been an ocean. This empathy would drag him under.
Why wasn’t John home yet? It usually took him twenty minutes to arrive at Baker Street after leaving work. Sometimes it could take up to twenty-five minutes if he popped in at Tesco.
John looked from the computer to Sherlock to the computer. Sherlock was secretly pleased. John’s brow was crinkled, and his lower lip was stuck between his teeth. It was John’s
? You want me to sit and cry? Will any of that help John? No? Then I will continue doing none of those things, so just LEAVE ME ALONE!"
convinced me to go back to her. Was that all part of some plan to keep her complacent while you figured her out? Am I just some convenient pawn you’re not afraid to sacrifice so long as you get to take the queen in the end?"
Sweat dripped from Sherlock’s brow, and John’s face was red with arousal as he fucked into Sherlock’s fist. He whined, high and needy, and Sherlock gave him what he needed. He ran his palm over the head of John’s cock, smearing his precome over the shaft. The result was a tight, wet slide that had John cursing.
They spoke at the same time. A twinge of red colored Sherlock’s cheeks. John leaned back against the kitchen cabinets and crossed his legs at the ankle. They had time.
“I think about what I want,” he started. “Then, I think about what you need. When the two are different things, I choose you.”
“Hey,” he called softly, hoping not to exacerbate whatever anxiety was coursing through his flatmate. When he got no response, he tried again. “Sherlock?”
. Even taking into consideration, my overinflated sense of self-importance,” John says, all sarcasm, “making me sick wouldn’t justify this level of investigation. What’s going on, Sherlock?”
Still, he couldn’t help but linger over John’s surprising response to his erratic behavior. Sherlock had locked away emotion for good reason. Somehow his feelings were always too big, too loud, too sharp, too inconvenient, too wild until…
“No. Everything’s fine. I mean John and Rosie are fine. Good. They’re good. Really good, yeah. It’s just…”
Sherlock lifted a finger to John’s forehead and stroked gently, trying to smooth the lines away. John shouldn’t look like that.
“I find nothing but delight in John’s singularity, however, I have found that being in a relationship with him makes me ordinary. Makes me want to be, at least.”
The air in the room is so loud. Sherlock can hear it crackle and stretch between them. John's words reverberate around Sherlock's skull.
He always knew, deep in his bones, that it had only ever been a dream. He allows himself to finally notice all the discrepancies. He recalls every moment the reality of Mary stretched the boundaries of the fantasy and every time he’d knowingly turned a blind eye. He remembers
Sherlock flinched as a cold hand settled against the side of his neck angling his head back toward the man behind him. The hold was possessive, and Sherlock’s heart raced at the proximity between M’s fingertips and his own windpipe. He knew M must be able to feel his tension. Cold black eyes bored into his own. Sherlock cursed this man that made him feel as if no time had passed. When that gaze flickered down to Sherlock’s lips, he felt every bit the helpless seventeen-year-old he’d been when they’d met.
John’s attention has wandered around the room, but he pulls it back to the camera for this. It feels like he is looking directly into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock’s mouth popped open in disbelief, and he stared at John. The minutes ticked by, and John was too afraid to move. He felt his worth being weighed in the balance and he didn’t want to tip the scale.
Sherlock blushes and turns to leave. He stops when John’s steady fingers close around his wrist. John’s eyes are already closed, and his words sound cumbersome as he fights the drowsiness.
The answer was abrupt and harsh. Sherlock jerked out of John’s embrace and withdrew from all physical contact. A mix of embarrassment and heated anger was forcing a red blush up his neck. He paced wildly in front of John who was still slumped on the ground in astonishment.
He slid the coat from Sherlock’s shoulders and walked across the room to hang it on the hooks by the door. He brushed his hand over the wool, ridding it of the dust and dirt that had accumulated during Sherlock’s walks through London.
John sighed from across the room. Sherlock was surprised to find that he looked apprehensive. They’d spent a reasonably quiet evening together. John had been reading a reprehensible action novel, but it seems he’d finished it while Sherlock was thinking. It had taken Sherlock only a few seconds to deduce that the story was a trashy romance masquerading as a thriller, and that it would culminate in the realization that the main spy duo were soulmates.
Without waiting for a welcome he knows will never come, Mycroft Holmes saunters into the flat. He sits himself on the sofa with a primness that would have set John to snickering if he'd had any brainpower to spare. Twisting the umbrella in his hand, Mycroft turns to address Sherlock.
He tried to clamp down on the inkling before it bloomed into a full-blown thought, but something must have shown on his face. He felt the atmosphere change and immediately regretted it. He wanted the lightness of their afternoon back. He didn’t want to dwell on what had happened. He didn’t want to remember…
“Me,” Sherlock whispered. “I was becoming too inconvenient. He wanted me out of the way and he wanted – wanted control. The drug…it’s effects…they made me
The photograph showed the charred, twisted remains of what was likely a life preserver, a paddle, and a VHF radio. Amidst the ash and rubble, John could make out splintered fragments of bone: femur, ulna, patella, femur, tibia, radius, mandible…
Mycroft gave him an appraising look. “Closer. At the beginning of their acquaintance, I believe Sherlock considered him to be a confidant of sorts. After a year, they began a romantic entanglement, and six months later, Sherlock left university. I lost track of them for several years afterward. When I found him again, Sherlock was...” Mycroft’s voice trembled with words unsaid. “By then, Sherlock was snared deep in Moriarty’s criminal web. He was not in control of himself and could not see a way out. I worried about the lengths he might go to in order to escape.”
“My apologies, John, but my time is up.  I won’t be gone longer than three days. You’ll have direct access to my private line via any phone in this house.”
“It’s all in there, Mr. Wickham. You take those pills as prescribed, and you shouldn’t have any more problems.” Case Number 4 opened his mouth, and John felt his patience snap. He ushered the man bodily from his office.
Mycroft returned the photograph to the file. “That is James Moriarty, although I am told he prefers to be known only as ‘M’ these days. But then, Sherlock always did go in for a touch of drama.”
M uncrossed his legs and stood, leisurely making his way to stand behind Sherlock. When he spoke, his voice was a whisper and he was so close that Sherlock could feel his breath like a caress on the back of his neck. It made his skin crawl, and he shivered. He regretted having removed his scarf.
I had a lot of fun looking up poisonous plants. You can find more info at http://aggie-horticulture.tamu.edu/earthkind/landscape/poisonous-plants-resources/common-poisonous-plants-and-plant-parts/
It was one of the fascinating contradictions about the man. For all intents and purposes, John was exceedingly average. All things being equal, Sherlock should have dismissed him out of hand. He almost had, but then he’d breathed –
people. Their lives are consumed with petty concerns and tawdry scandals. I strive for the obscure, the bizarre, the singular. This you know very well.”
“…they stopped making that particular model in 1974. They redesigned the fuselage and added a more reliable altimeter.” John’s face was flushed with his excitement. He pushed his empty plate to the center of the table and chugged the last sip of his beer before turning his concentration to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s face twists in distress and John gets the distinct feeling he has missed something important.
The cab got stuck in mid-morning traffic making the trip to Bart’s much longer than usual. By the time they arrived, Sherlock was practically vibrating in his seat.
“It’s more than just an act though,” Sherlock continued. M was wearing a tight, tailored dark navy suit jacket over a black collar shirt and matching silk tie. That lot wouldn’t come cheap.
John didn’t waste another moment. He had no idea where he was, where Sherlock was, or how to bridge the distance between the two places, but he had no intention of waiting to find out. He strode back out into the alcove and down the long stretch of hallway. He assumed Sherlock hadn’t ventured too far from his bedroom. After all, he was physically weak and not in top form. John clung to that desperate hope as he tried his best to retrace his steps.
Sherlock fiddled with his cufflink as he replied, “Nine years, ten months, twenty-six days, two hours and...” He checked his watch. “Thirty-four minutes.”
Thirty-five minutes later, Sherlock is stood in the bread aisle. His eyes are wide and his breathing shallow. This was incredibly stupid. He is least equipped to do this for John and Mary. He hasn't had a meal with John in months, not more than an occasional cup of tea. Does John even like black current jam anymore? Does he still demand that one brand of crisps that Sherlock can never remember? He spent months memorizing the packaging. He hopes they haven't changed it.
“I love you. Have done for quite some time now, maybe from the very beginning. I dunno. All I know is that I wasted so much time. Every day that I didn’t tell you was a waste. All that time we could have had, and I can never get it back.”
John paused and considered his flatmate. He was restless and that was never a good sign. Sherlock had been out the previous night, and John had started a delightful action novel that he’d love to have picked up again. Only, he’d been fairly certain Sherlock would ruin it within minutes. He had that manic energy about him.
Oddly flattered to hear the words from Sherlock himself, Greg also catches the hint of question underlying the statement.
She spits the words at him like an accusation. Sherlock tucks the book back under his arm. He supposes he did mess up by not bringing it by promptly this morning.
There was something wrong with the way his voice stuttered over the word “administers” but John set that aside and tried to parse the truth from his words.  A million questions clamored for his attention, but John pushed them back selecting the most pressing.
The only thing that mattered to John now was finding Sherlock and making sure that he was alright. He silently berated himself for leaving his friend in such a vulnerable state. Mycroft had made it very clear that Sherlock had been through something traumatic, though John was still not entirely sure what precisely had happened. All he knew was that he’d made the wrong decision. He’d abandoned Sherlock when he needed him most, and he was not about to fail the man again.
He looked down to realize that he was shredded his napkin into little pieces of paper. He dropped the confetti on the table and wiped his palms on his trousers.
“I’ll solve this,” Sherlock murmured, his attention already focused back on the tiny pills in front of him. “It’ll just take time.”
“I explained earlier about the effects of Hypno. I told you I had personal knowledge.” Sherlock swallowed, knowing that he was about to venture into unknown territory. He was going to tell John, and he had no way to know how the man would react.
John swallowed hard. “You could be concealing the tells. It wouldn’t be that hard for you. You override the transport all the time, right?” Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but John shook his head and cut him off. “Besides, you’re right. I am a doctor. So tell me why the hell you had Wiggins over here performing a
The doors to the operating theatre slam shut as John is wheeled where Sherlock can't follow. He starts to pace, fisting his hair in a desperate attempt to do…
John had dropped a kiss on top of Rosie’s head as she rushed by to wrap herself around Sherlock’s legs. She burrowed her face into Sherlock’s hip and clung to him tightly. John’s eyebrows had drawn together in confusion. Rosie never had separation anxiety. She bounded away from them on the first day of preschool and never looked back. But Sherlock had given John a reassuring look as he sat back down and gathered Rosie to him. She nestled her head in the crook of his neck and he kissed her forehead while crooning softly.
John was so lost in thought, that he hardly noticed Mrs. Turner slip into the room. She walked right to the bed, straightened the sheets, plumped Sherlock's pillow, and patted the back of his hand reassuringly. Then, she disappeared into the hallway, only to reappear a moment later with a steaming cup of tea and several finger sandwiches. John tried to be appreciative, but he couldn't stomach either. Mrs. Turner rested her hand on his shoulder in complete understanding before shutting the door on her way out. The thud of the door reverberated and lent a finality that echoed through the room and rested heavily in John's chest. He almost wished she would come back and fill the silence with idle chatter, though she did not seem the type. His heart ached for missing their own landlady who would certainly have sat and prattled on about nothing just to provide the comfort she knew her boys would never verbally request.
He looked up to see a small sad smile on Sherlock’s face. The detective cleared his throat and looked down at the pills in front of him.
John’s lips are warm and softer than Sherlock expected. There are cracks where John chewed them – indicates anxiety. John had been thinking about this a lot, then. He’d agonized over it. Sherlock darted his tongue out to trace the grooves.
John stood up straight and snapped his shoulders back, his military stance coming as naturally as if his service days were only yesterday. He met Mycroft’s eyes with a steely gaze of his own. “Always.”
Acknowledging and grateful for the dismissal, Greg rises and kisses Molly lightly on the cheek. With a last apologetic glance at Sherlock, he gathers his coat and heads toward Tesco.
He pulled out the chair from the other side of the table and dragged it to sit a few feet from his friend. He made a show of fixing the seat to his liking so that Sherlock would continue talking without the pressure of John’s direct gaze.
Meanwhile, Sherlock is across town doing something extremely stupid. He slides the warehouse door open and walks confidently into the center of the room. His head rotates on a swivel, searching for any signs of movement.
Mycroft nodded, and John threw open the car door. He had no clue what was going on, but now that a single wooden door stood between him and Sherlock, he felt certain he was about to find out.
