“Darcy, my boy, I suggest you take the chance to put your proposals into a form suitable to lay before the King, whenever he may be at leisure to peruse them. But I cannot undertake that this will be today. This news brought by Captain Lennox is likely to displace the King’s attention from all else for the time being.”
She admonished herself to maintain control, hard as this might be before the armoured self-possession of the woman Court rumour claimed was the King’s discarded mistress.
Four men entered the private parlour. None of them was father, brother, husband or lover of the veiled woman. Still, she stood up before them, she spoke her thoughts, received their answers and, as each left, she handed him an oiled silk package, bound with twine and sealed with wax. Each man kissed her hands as she passed over the package, save for the last who saluted her as he would his commanding officer.
His foot was in the lower one, and his stronger arm reaching for the wall’s coping stone when he heard the dog howl. He froze. The howl came again; faint, far-away and from the opposite direction. He breathed again and blessed his decision to veto Frances’ participation in this expedition.
“You must have risen early to be with us so soon. Perhaps your ladyship would care for a dish of tea, or perhaps hot chocolate? And some rolls or sweet biscuits?”
He smiled at Mr Perry. The more intimate parts of his care concluded, he asked if he might prevail upon Miss Duplessis for the infinite favour of a visit.
Harriet gritted her teeth, but made herself smile, nonetheless. “In which case, the invitation is an innocent one, and it would be grotesquely rude to our old neighbour to deny her the opportunity of doing our daughter an immense honour.”
Even without allies, even with half his best troopers dispersed throughout the Borders in a futile search for the Princess, even with Fernihurst and his rabble half-way back to their home, a nascent feud already simmering between their houses, the reiver attack had come not as threat but as a desperate, unlooked for hope of salvation.
: the writer is one of your sister’s daughters, and since the difficulties of getting a letter to Gaaldine in the off-season and the current political climate are numerous, the fact that she has written at all implies a crisis of no small dimensions.”
come, then it were as well it came sooner rather than later. Yes, what is it, Giulio? Of course we shall. The best of the light has gone, in any event. Come, Elizabeth.”
?” She was quoting someone, Elizabeth guessed and Mama knew whom, but the key was not something to which Elizabeth had access.
Holy Virgin, quarter of a century, that made you think. Joined as a drummer boy at twelve, trooper at seventeen, promoted three times to sergeant and each time busted back to private within the year. More wounds than he could shake a stick at, but none of them incapacitating, thank St Typasius, though that break in his thigh (a rogue horse kicked out and all-but got him in the family jewels) still ached when stormy weather was on the way. Still, at least it’d mended straight, courtesy of that sandy-haired bastard of a Surgeon-General setting it with his own hands as a pointed rebuke to the duty medical officer who’d been in the process of fucking it up beyond repair, despite Trooper Musgrave’s voluble remonstrances, when said Surgeon-General had swung through on a surprise inspection trailing half the barracks’ physicians in his wake. And the subsequent healing of that bugger of a leg had kept him confined to barracks during the whole of the Vannstown action, which by all accounts had been a pic-nic to which no-one in his right mind would have wanted an invitation. So silver lining there, too.
“Well, I don’t think there’s any doubt who’s won the earrings. Lizzie, bend your head and I’ll put them in.”
An acrid gust of smoke swept over the courtyard. His guard dropped the bridle he’d been contemplating and bolted through the main gate, leaving Peter alone.
“I have just had a letter from Jane, with such news. It cannot be concealed from anyone. My younger sister has left all her friends—has eloped; has thrown herself into the power of—of Mr. Wickham. They are gone off together from Lake Elderno. You know him too well to doubt the rest. She has no money, no connections, nothing that can tempt him to—she is lost for ever.”
he came to it. Out in this breathing night, standing here between the cressets, he knew what had been tugging at his mind beneath the gaudiness of the dinner that had passed and the prospect of the splendour ahead.
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Mrs Gardiner glance from her to Wickham. Elizabeth had inwardly scorned her mother’s obtuseness and her father’s detachment alike, but it occurred to her now she had also relied on them. Having someone take an intelligent interest in her innermost concerns was a new sensation, and not so wholly desirable as she had once believed.
The last miles of road had been bad, of a badness Charles had not dreamt could exist so close to the capital. He had spent over ten miles wishing he’d had the sense to ride, like Darcy, rather than give in to Caroline’s insistence that he accompany her in the carriage. The accident, when it began, seemed to have the ghastly inevitability of a dream. The thought of trusting himself to those roads so soon after the reseating of his shoulder made him run cold with horror.
“I trust she played better chess than harpsichord,” Harriet murmured, despite herself. For one fleeting moment Clarence’s lips twitched and she saw again the man she had married. Then the shutters came down again.
He turned towards his friend and his words died on his lips. Darcy looked more gorgon-like than ever, but his petrifying wrath was directed solely at Caroline’s unconscious back. His words, when they came, were uttered with the most repulsive formality.
Time slowed to a crawl. The girl was clutching two fine leather cases to her bosom; with a sickly sense of inevitability the Countess realised what they were.
Small wonder that she found herself turning more and more to the church. A woman about to embark on one of the most perilous experiences of her life could surely not be blamed for attending more rigorously to her spiritual health? Hunsford’s ascetic, scholarly priest unbent to show her a tepid, distant kindness which she cherished the more because it was so vastly removed from William’s alternating transports and chidings and Lady Catherine’s endless exhortations. She came to rely on his distant, perceptive comments of a morning. They gave her a morsel of hope that the next day had something in it to look forward to.
Fitzwilliam – darling Fitzwilliam, whom she had so profoundly wronged – had hovered and stammered and tried to make up to her by filling her room with flowers that made her sneeze. But Mrs Reynolds had removed the irritating blossoms, sent him to bring music and books, brewed her soothing possets, replaced sheets soiled with night sweats with lavender-scented fresh linen and held her hand during an infinity of white nights, freeing Fitzwilliam to pace the grounds or take out his anger by wreaking havoc on the rats in Pemberley great barn.
Small mercies: they had a regiment quartered on Meryton and that meant possibilities. True, the Army was traditionally the resort of second sons or even third, and discreet enquiries revealed that the Colonel, who had seemed promising at first (spoke of a place, an inheritance from a childless uncle) was affianced and would wed before Shrovetide. That amusing Lieutenant Wickham, with whom Lizzie seemed so taken, repeatedly hinted about “disappointments” which, in the case of a man, usually meant that they considered their fortune by no means equal to their deserts. If things looked like becoming serious in that quarter she would need to caution Lizzie to be on her guard, but for the time being a small flirtation did no-one any harm. Such things, even more than the harpsichord, required practice.
Mr Darcy’s tone was all gentleness and consideration; if anything, it made the horror of what she had just read even starker.
“I assure you, I was hard put to it to convince my aunt of the necessity of this stratagem. But I am Mary Arba for the purposes of this visit. I opened my Bible and shut my eyes, stabbed down with my finger and lo! My
The news that Mrs King had become Milady di Sidonia had broken over the district with the shock of a tidal wave. Every local family district had fallen over themselves to pay off two decades’ arrears of hospitality. Appearing at the last Meryton ball of the winter on the arm of her new stepfather, Mary King had found herself for the first time besieged with suitors, and her pleasure in dispensing alternate smiles and snubs had been transparent.
“The very thing! Perhaps we may reach Paulson’s Hill; the view from there is justly celebrated.” Charlotte turned to her husband. “My dear, you know so much about the district, will you be able to accompany us?”
“Papa and Mr Collins have breakfasted already. The morning was so fine and dry, and Mr Collins was anxious to show Rosings Park to Papa. We enjoy the greatest freedom to roam the park, you know. He wanted me to wake you and Maria so we could all go together, but Maria was so done up from travelling yesterday that I did not have the heart. Also, as I pointed out, the gentlemen will be able to see so much more without having to slow their steps to match ours.”
“Your friend Miss Lucas is a martyr indeed.” The corners of Wickham’s mouth turned upwards in a deliciously wicked smile as he watched the dance floor from the nook he had found for the two of them alone. “Your cousin, whatever his other qualities, never received the blessing of Terpsichore on his cradle.”
He swallowed. So this was what it must be like to walk through the powder magazine of a capital ship. There was, though, one point to get clear first.
family about me for that season, what with one thing and another, and I could not bear to think of any of them missing your wedding.”
Caroline Bingley, the lady addressed, made no response, which was less surprising given she was at present three miles off, making ready for the same ball.
Unbidden, Elizabeth’s hand went up to deflect her aunt, who had risen from her seat in the dark corners of the parlour. Mrs Gardiner sat down again, words of calm and comfort dying on her lips.
“Lay her in the Royal vaults,” Queen Felicia declared peremptorily, as, with much priestly flannel, the fourteenth such objection was made.
“In war, an active, gallant officer may distinguish himself and rise to great heights, however much his earlier life may have been marked by hardship.”
of the parure and replaced it with a paste imitation – she would have had no chance of escape. For the two parts of the parure were intended to be united only on the night of the ball. So what is your plan for these truly hideous adornments with which I have presented you, my dear wife?”
Her breath caught. So much bitterness. What had the Earl and Countess of Alwent done to him? Then her laggard brain caught up.
“Impious boy! How dare you say such a thing?” The rich-timbred voice perfectly blended outrage and a kind of cosmic sorrow.
as he eloquently put it – we should expect him for dinner today. As I have received no contrary word from him, I took the liberty of presuming he would, indeed, keep his engagement.”
He took a pencil, the expensive English sort, and a notebook from inside his jerkin. He drew as he spoke, swift sure lines filling the page.
. Hard to believe. Walking through dew-soaked grass towards he chapel of the d’Ancona hunting lodge at dawn, sleep still in her eyes, supported by her witnesses: Nancy McAllister on her left and Mrs Annesley on her right. Julian, in sober leather hunting garb, turning from the altar to see her progress down the aisle with a blaze in his eyes that lit an answering fire deep inside her. The priest, who it seemed had expected something quite other and who seemed overwhelmed by the frank eagerness of her responses. Kissing Julian in the bridal chamber, frantically, wonderfully, for what felt like hours, while he apologised that – given all that lay ahead, promises given and tasks to achieve – they dare risk nothing more by way of consummation lest all be wrecked at the last.
think it at all flattering to be compared to something with green skin and long skinny arms, who drags shepherd boys into the river on hot summer days and holds them underwater until they die?” Molly complained to her cousin. Much to the sycophants’ annoyance he had been allotted the singular honour of sharing her barge during the journey upstream.
At the gates, he reached inside his jerkin for the letter of introduction he’d prayed he’d never have to use. At least, not in the presence of Frances. Thank all the saints, the broken-nosed ex-soldier in the gate-warden’s kiosk kept his expression immobile as he inspected both them and the seal on the letter with meticulous attention, at length waving them through without words.
“When I first came to Hunsford, I knew we would be close to the sea and hoped to see it for myself. It is not much more than half a day’s journey from here to Elbe, given the quality of the roads. But I do not know when William will ever bear to be away from Rosings for long enough for us to make the attempt.”
The house itself was substantial and well-built, standing a little back from the road amid a riot of vines and climbing plants. The distance from Meryton to Hunsford was not great, but the latter’s proximity to the sea and south-facing slopes tempered its climate to such a degree that Elizabeth felt she had travelled a month into the future, as well as twenty leagues from home.
. Because of the late King’s mischance, Clarence was able to pose as a prudent father both to neighbours and family alike. Take Lizzie, for example. For all her vaunted quick understanding, Lizzie was far too inclined to take her father at face value. How did he contrive it?
Unexpectedly, at least so far as Elizabeth was concerned, their journey to Lambton took them along the outer perimeter of the Pemberley estate. Pemberley itself lay not five miles from Lambton. Furthermore, it appeared that by application to the Darcy family’s housekeeper respectable visitors might be permitted to see the house’s great state rooms and tour the grounds.
“The diamonds are true, however appalling their setting. And large. And the setting can be melted down. The greater part I intend to spend on hiring soldiers, from the same places as before. But I need to apportion some to buy in salt pork, cured hams, pulses and grain. My cellars are not yet as full as Frances would have them and she has plans for me to stock additional storehouses and granaries on top of that.”
This gallantry rendered her, for the moment, speechless. Wickham’s own melting brown eyes were fixed on her face, almost as if he might be on the point of declaring himself.
“It’s the bank up ahead, milady. There’s been a landslip – it may have been undermined by those bad thunderstorms we had a couple of days ago, and then it looks like some beasts got out and collapsed it entirely. We’ve broken out the entrenching tools, so we’ll have the road clear in a turn or so, but we can’t get the coach along until we do.”
The Surgeon-General raised his eyebrows. “I’m told these dales afford mercenaries for half the armies of Europe. When I passed through Lambton I came across a man who told me he was recruiting for the French wars. He was staying at the Fitzwilliam Arms, I collect.”
Frances and Jonathan exchanged glances. King Mycroft’s sentence of exile on the Crown Prince had been proclaimed on 13 April. News of it would have reached the palace in Gondal Town within a day at the latest; it was the kind of intelligence worth foundering horses over. Elizabeth’s last letter had been dated 16 April, two days before the gentlemen’s departure. Both men were powers in the land; one a commander of men, the other the possessor of a legendary fortune. What more likely than that one or both of them had received a Royal summons and somehow let something slip to Elizabeth? So, an explanation for the urgency and her letter’s indiscretion, both.
Elizabeth suppressed a sigh. Since achieving the distinction of being the only woman Mr Darcy had danced with at the Meryton Ball, Elizabeth had found herself on the wrong end of constant demands to know what she and the King’s own cousin could possibly have discussed. She had found by experiment that informing people Mr Darcy had only uttered the commonplaces expected of a dancing partner merely produced accusations of dissembling. She had been driven to contemplate extremes: telling her interlocutors that he had proclaimed himself the Angel of Revelation, that he had been summoned back to Gondal Town for a council of war, that Netherfield would play host to the King himself in the springtime.
His gaze followed hers to the letter lying part-folded on her lap. His eyes narrowed as he recognised the handwriting.
The cicadas chirped in the undergrowth; they seemed to be chorussing approval. Julian gestured decisive negation.
Two beetle-like figures moved cautiously forwards from the leading carriage to the stricken wagon. They had almost reached it when each jerked backwards, and fell, kicking legs and struggling to rise. Julian reminded himself to commend his archers. Inflicting disabling but non-fatal wounds by moonlight at that distance was no mean achievement.
Recalling his last voyage, Jonathan was hard put to it not to roll his eyes. The faintest tinge of amusement touched Miss Hooper’s lips.
everything so dreadfully. And for Kitty, whom everyone else forgot about, meaning she needed a mother’s mindfulness all the more.
Aloud, Elizabeth said, "But really, and upon my honour, I will try to do what I think to be the wisest; and now I hope you are satisfied, Aunt.”
“Not wise.” Molly rose to her feet in a flowing gesture her aunt had long urged her to practise, but for the first time achieved successfully. She reached out and, in the face of all the goggling courtiers, took Lady Agnes’ hands in both of hers.
Over her face it was if dawn had broken: a red, bitter dawn with lowering clouds and a storm approaching fast from the East.
When, some three years later, Wickham applied to him once more, the speculation having utterly failed and his circumstances being very bad indeed, Mr Darcy had had no scruple in refusing to assist him further. From that time the men had no contact at all.
“And don’t go telling me you believe Georgiana is in the hands of the real Julian d’Ancona. First, walls have ears and, second, that would make him a traitor in open rebellion, a traitor from a line of traitors, and all the more reason to be put down.”
“Ah, yes. This. I have told Mrs Hill we shall have a guest for dinner and to prepare a room for him. I cannot say whether he will attend the ball but we have a spare ticket, in any event.”
Even against those forces his resolve held. He faced outwards, away from his home, towards the Palace, and his lips moved in a silent vow.
That left two unexpected guests to be patched up, fed and entertained. From Lizzie’s undiplomatically raised eyebrows, Harriet gathered her second daughter shared her opinion that Miss Bingley made a great deal more fuss than was warranted over a few scrapes and bruises and that Mr Darcy’s aristocratic nose deserved to have been shaken even further out of joint than the carriage overset had achieved.
On reaching the stepping stones spanning the stream, she saw Mr Darcy on the far bank. Retreat was impossible. He held out an envelope with a muttered entreaty that she read it, and once he had seen it into her hands, turned away, seemingly as terrified she might seek to engage him in conversation as she was of hearing him.
“Being paid off the books for the service you actually provided and on the books for the one you didn’t? I’ll say. And as for the theft itself?”
For a moment, he wondered if his hostess might take affront at the notion that he wanted her handiwork checked. In desperation, he shot a meaningful glance towards the close-stool. Her face cleared.
He braced, straight as if on parade. The Earl had been many things in his life, and not the least part of him had been most grateful for the chance that led Crown Prince Gerald’s eye to fix upon his unhappy sister Elaine.
The cold blaze in the King’s eyes made his very bones shiver. “You find something incongruous about that idea?”
What rouses him is Georgiana’s laugh. “So, if basil is to convey either ‘the king’ or ‘a deadly secret’, depending on context, how can our code possibly manage to convey, ‘a deep and deadly secret, concerning the King’? By two bunches of basil, perhaps, separated only by some noxious plant or another?”
They rose. He bowed over her hand, and whisked himself away through the garden doors which, on this fine bright winter’s day, stood open. Scarcely half a minute passed before the butler flung wide the drawing room door.
After that, he had nothing at all he might report, save for spotting the Duplessis girl and her mother on the slopes of Belmont and that he dare not speak of for his own safety. Indeed, why would his paymaster be interested in them? People had many reasons for visiting the capital. Doubtless those reasons had nothing to do with the King. Doubtless. Doubtless.
“Might I offer you one of these?” Miss Hooper held out a dish of small, gilded biscuits. “They are Mrs Jenkyns’ celebrated chestnut fancies. She made them specially when she heard I was coming. She will be distraught if she spots any have not been eaten when the servants clear things away. When I first came here, when I was no more than ten years old, she happened across me hiding in one of her pantries. I was shy and homesick, and could not face any more of Aunt Catherine’s great visitors. Mrs Jenkyns took me down to the kitchens, gave me sugar plums, and asked me about my old home. I told her about Netherfield Park, and the great avenue of sweet chestnuts which line the ride down to the lake there. I told her how we used to gather those nuts, and grind them for flour. That night and for weeks afterwards, she sent a plate of these biscuits to my nursery, with my hot milk, so I could have a little of home to remember.”
“Of course, my dear. Nothing could be more healthful than a long walk. Make sure that you wear hats against the sun, and I recommend that you set out early in the morning, so as to have the benefit of the cool of the day.”
The fire, it would appear, was largely under control. Her husband, stripped down to his shirt-sleeves and sweating like a dockhand, directing teams of footmen and gardeners and coachmen and stable boys and who the Blessed Virgin knew what riff-raff captured and pressed in off the street in firefighting, was plainly having the time of his life: needed, necessary,
“Ah,” Frances said, taking a sip of her wine. “I begin to see. There are witnesses showing that Miss Hooper sent them to be cleaned; she would not expect to see them for weeks. The jewellers will attest that Miss Hooper’s instructions, as relayed by you, were to have them copied, and that save for a four hour period during which they were preparing detailed drawings of them, the originals were not in their possession and were returned to you within the day. The Pretender heard your story that Miss Hooper had sent you to pawn the jewels to pay her gambling debts and took them into his own custody. What happened to the money, by the way?”
“No, Darcy – listen to me. Georgiana has had her own chaperone with her from the start. I have had no private speech with her, save in broad daylight with Mrs Annesley within sight of us. I’ve seen to their accommodation and posted my own old wet-nurse to wait on them. Nancy McAllister will brook no nonsense from anyone. I’ve seen her lay one of my men out with a rolling pin for persisting with a maid-servant past the point of the girl’s comfort.”
By whatever tricks of technique and perspective, Miss Hooper had rendered the sun-drenched harbour of Elbe a place of menace. The argosy loomed over the quay, casting all beneath it into impenetrable gloom. The few caiques which bobbed at their moorings out in the bay had been drawn with a delicacy of line which showed them as heartbreakingly fragile, such that a breath of wind could destroy them. The ornate carving on the argosy’s hull had been elided into the shadows; the only points of contrast were the muzzle of the foredeck gun, which shone as if it had been gilded, and the bleached figurehead at the prow: less a benevolent saint than an Athene come armed and vengeful to the plains of Troy.
on the point of feeling pity for Mr Darcy, who must have suffered like intrusions into his private affairs since before he was out of skirts.
His friend blinked, and looked up, as if he had indeed been almost beyond reach. “Netherfield Park lies an easy distance from Gondal Town. People came to him. And he spoke to his neighbours. So, by the time his Grace Ambrosine XVI died, a new party had arisen, a party pressing for the King’s daughter Princess Felicia to take the throne in her own right and exclude Prince Gerald’s sons altogether. Netherfield Park was that party’s stronghold: almost, one might say, its headquarters.”
Miss Vittoria’s lips were set in a hard line. “Unwise, that. Too high above my sphere, of course, ladies’ companions, though sometimes in her Grace’s day one might contrive to send a hint. But Mrs Younge was a connexion of the Fitzwilliams through the Earl’s wife and
“Hardly a mystery to one so skilled as you, ma’am. Ah, had you been born a boy, I do not doubt you would have proved a physician equal to your father and brother.”
"My father, like your Uncle Phillips, began as a country attorney. In my father’s case this was in Lambton, a market town in the north. There he came to the favourable notice of Mr Darcy’s father, who in due course appointed him to be steward of Pemberley. I was born in the steward’s house on the Pemberley estate and the present Mr Darcy and I grew up as boys together. Old Mr Darcy treated me as another son; he could not have been more generous.
striving to catch her out but to tease out a better understanding of the situation for both of them. Odd, how almost the same words could convey so different a sense of the mind behind them. On that realisation, she had it.
He fixed the giant with a hard stare. “Since you have come this far, I beg you tell Mrs Collins the whole of it. I’ll warrant her discretion against that of ten or a hundred ladies of the Court – all of whom currently think they know something of the matter and who will be spreading ever more inaccurate versions even as we speak.”
“Thank you.” There was a glint of amusement in Miss Hooper’s eye as she received the fine porcelain cup. It gave Elizabeth enough courage to look properly at the other woman for the first time.
She collapsed onto the sopha and cried for half a turn without ceasing. Once she had emerged from her first paroxysms of reaction, though, her dominant feeling was astonishment.
Everything Peter had ever heard about the Border lands, which he had never visited, made this delicacy sound depressingly plausible.
Julian gave a curt nod. “Georgiana is the most honourable of women. When I made my proposal in form, she insisted on telling me all about her infatuation with George Wickham. And its consequences. She told me at the outset she would think no worse of me if I retracted my proposal once I knew, but that she would be ashamed to let me proceed under a false premise.”
“A testimony worth much, indeed. Tell me, Lieutenant, did you see the commander of these insurgents at all?”
Her brother raised his hand. “Please. Sister. Lady Agnes has the floor. What happened after supper?”
Darcy shook his head impatiently. “No, not a duel. Though if it is Moran’s regiment it might come to that. A regiment takes its temper from its commander, as a fish rots from the head. But no. An occasion to make an example of the town as a hotbed of disloyalty and sedition.”
“So, drunk to insensibility last night, was it?” The way his first c/o had dealt with recalcitrant men had awed Peter. Improbably, it seemed some of his lessons had stuck. The sarge looked almost – guilty?
Julian recalled Princess Charis, aged eight or so, accompanying the King her father on a hunting party at Malham Castle: a small, doll-like figure in a velvet three-cornered hat and a minature riding habit, sitting self-contained on a long-lashed grey pony with a plaited mane and the most perfect dapples.
family,” Georgiana corrected, mindful of her brother’s strictures that while Mrs Annesley might be an impoverished widow of a consumptive scholar, she was nevertheless their third cousin on their mother’s side and no-one, from the servants to Aunt Catherine, should be allowed to ignore her claims of birth.
“Quite so. That was the true genius and cunning of the Pretender. Had everything his spy told him been true – had Miss Hooper truly pawned
He stood towards Frances as a sergeant-major stood towards the the most shivering-shy junior officer ever arriving at barracks with the ink on his commission barely dry and an entire peck of plums in his stammering mouth. Nonetheless, King’s Regulations and the time-honoured customs of the Army governed every last breath of the relationship between sergeant and officer, however wet behind the ears the latter might be. Nothing in either of them had anything to say about a problem like Frances.
“Not exactly. I had an audience arranged, or so I thought. And then my pestilential sister-in-law interfered, roused the King’s anger and made all my preparations moot. Can you believe, she even had the effrontery to bring up the Betrothal Parure to the King? She misrepresented my attempts – my honest attempts to secure control over my daughter’s dowry, the property vouchsafed to her by her mother’s dying word – as an attempt to
“Prettier than her cousin’s wife by a long chalk, and a good seven years younger, at a guess, though from what he said, living with this Mr Collins would age any woman beyond their years. But they were good friends, better than a lot of women. The women had grown up together, he said: the cousin’s wife had been a Miss Lucas before she married, and she and this Miss Duplessis had been neighbours in some place called Meryton, about thirty leagues north of here, t’other side of Gondal Town.”
“Indeed, my dear. The regiment will be moved from Meryton, most certainly. The King, or one of his close advisors, will wish to bring them close under the Royal eye, to test the regiment’s loyalty, and see if the Duke’s sedition has spread to his officers. It may end with the regiment being broken up. No, don’t be afraid, my dear. It may work to Mr Wickham’s advantage in the long run, since doubtless he will be able to demonstrate to any questioner where his true loyalties lie, and preferment may well come of that.”
“So, Colonel Fitzwilliam, the park is just coming into its summer beauties, and Lady Catherine was talking of pic-nics and parties of pleasure. Will you be taking part in them, or do you and your cousin plan to leave Rosings before then?”
John blinked. “If it does, I wish she could have been clearer about it. All I can tell from this letter is that her sister has suffered a disappointment in love, and for some reason Lizzie blames Mr Darcy of Pemberley – who is not, apparently, the man in question – for that disappointment.”
The night was black; the moon two turns shy of rising, and would be a thin crescent when it did. Jonathan trailed his hand along the outer wall, feeling for the place he had noted earlier, before the sun set.
“Now, ma’am, let’s be helping you into the shade, so you can recover yourself. Then I’ll see they send you out a nice, cool drink from the inn.”
kidnap you, of course.” His voice was meditative. “There is a troop of your brother’s men on the road here from Gondal Town, to take you if you do not volunteer and to form an honour guard if you do, but they are a league or more away. With me to guide you we certainly could make it across the Border before they caught up with us. There would be little danger to you, even if we failed. You would be the victim of a dastardly crime, and they your gallant rescuers.”
Molly’s hand went to her lips. “You recovered them? Did you get back the necklace? Who were the masked thieves?”
Mr Darcy laughed out loud. “This ballad?” He hummed a bar or two. “Georgiana has been wild for it for weeks. Are all the maidens of Gondal determined on wedding bandits?”
Julian paused, the next words heavy in his mouth. He had carried them for weeks, since they had been vouchsafed to him in a stinking bothy on the far side of the River Zalon.
“My friend, we are not wanted here,” Horatio said, divesting the serving man of his tray, clasping him by the shoulder, and propelling them both smartly back through the door, back-heeling the door shut as he went.
“So I have observed. Few others have. You speak little in company and that little is in Latin, for courtesy and for precision. Our language is difficult for outsiders to learn and we, in our arrogance, tell ourselves that not using it betrays ignorance, not choice.”
right. The boy – David Hebron – was raised quietly, in the countryside, ignorant of his connections. However, it appears he made regular vists to the Abbey of Norburyness.”
“Oh, how provoking.” Caroline turned away from the window. “Before he could acknowledge me, he was accosted by one of those dreadful Duplessis girls. They have turned off together towards that wretched sort of arbour thing.”
“All that, of course, is true. And we cannot, I regret, at this present moment purchase an army on your behalf. But the Pretender’s principal motive in impeaching your father is likely to have been to secure his estates as a reward for one of his loyal supporters. Now comes the hour when that person must realise what a poisoned chalice they have been given. They say the people of your family lands are dour, silent to a fault, close-handed and unforgiving.”
“I can spare one additional man to stay with the sergeant. Briefly. Both of them are to take no more than half a day in pursuing enquiries as to our deserters in the district. It may be they have sought to sign as mercenaries. That may be a line of enquiry. They may press into service such additional resource as the district affords. If they cannot recapture our deserters within the time allowed, they are to intercept us on our passage south as quickly as they may contrive. We shall have Miss Darcy and her companion with us, in their carriage, so they have a chance to catch up, but they must not waste it. Understood?”
“Ah. I see.” Colonel Fitzwilliam, it seemed, had some difficulty recovering his earlier ease of manner. Elizabeth chattered on, trying to smooth over the awkward moment.
Colonel Miller, Ruth’s father, had been a fervent traditionalist, though he and her father had managed their political differences with the honed tact developed over decades of professional experience. She remembered now what had precipitated the disaster. Not her father. John. John, who with all the blundering partisanship of thirteen had declared in passionate accents that the Royal wedding was no better that the sale of a Circassian slave into the harem of the Sultan. Declared it, moreover, in front of officers who had spent the winter wondering which of their comrades they would find themselves firing upon if tension broke into outright conflict.
“It strikes me, what we need most is time. Miss Georgiana; take to your bed, at once. I shall send up a draught for you and you must drink it all off, however unpalatable you find it. I’m sorry for it, but trust me, like you did when you were little and had the croup.”
Elizabeth could only accept with becoming gratitude and hope something – war with Gaaldine, the end of the world, Mr Collins being struck by a lightning bolt – would prevent her having to make good on it. Though, since she must pass through Gondal Town, it would at least give her an opportunity to see Jane. Although no words of unhappiness appeared in Jane’s letters, her lack of her normal spirits came off each page like a miasma. Elizabeth would give much for an opportunity to see for herself and hear the opinions of the more sensible part of her family.
“My father and my sister Maria come to visit me in March. Would you – dare I hope that you might make one of the party? It would mean a great deal to me.”
Somehow, after a confused few moments, the three of them were sitting in the garden of the priest’s house, beneath a canopy of green leaves, with a jug of lemonade on the table together with a plate of small savoury pastries.
“Oh, yes. Be so kind as to apologise for us to Miss Darcy. Say that urgent business calls us home immediately. Conceal the unhappy truth as long as it is possible. I know it cannot be long.”
Over the flask’s mouth he looked at his rescuer; looked at him properly for the first time. He saw a tousled mop of black curls; those wide-set, extraordinary eyes; a mobile, expressive mouth, and cheekbones high and sharp as the ridged cliffs of the moors above Castle Malham. On that thought he crumpled, tears flowing unstoppable.
“The richest heiress in Gondal, reduced to pawning her jewels to pay her gaming debts? How much did she
The old queasy regret stirred in her guts. Defying Clarence’s sardonic eye, she took a gulp of negus to quell it. How easily she could knock him from his affected perch, if only she chose. Suppose, after all these years, she told him about
Not for long. Before she had gone too many steps she pulled up short, a hand to her side, the sharp pain of a stitch blossoming beneath her breast-bone. Dark clouds gathered about her vision; she stumbled towards a fallen tree and sat, face in hands, waiting for the dizzy sensation to pass.
“Perhaps we could make our way back to the carriage, dear.” Mrs Gardiner’s tone had none of Mama’s querulousness, but somehow that made her weariness more convincing. They turned, Elizabeth now leading the party and so first to see Mr Darcy advancing to meet them from the direction of the house.
reward. Make sure that you keep that hidden: as an old soldier, I can tell you, you could do worse than sew it into your jerkin, but whatever works for you.”
“Why indeed?” Elizabeth echoed, while cold claws of apprehension reached up and squeezed once more at her entrails.
“Is that so? Giulio. Rely on me. Stay within call, but not too near. I will have private speech with this man. And, should our guests wake, ensure they don’t disturb us.”
could be none other than the elder of the two ladies who’d been hanging about the Santa Gertrude at the very moment Frances had let slip her thrice-cursed exclamation in English.
“You spotted that, did you? A minor peculiarity, but very suggestive. Do you know anything of fishing?”
Between Miss Bingley’s pride and Miss Darcy’s shyness, there would have been almost no conversation, but Mrs Annesley’s tact led her to introduce a topic she hoped her visitors might share.
A new voice broke in, querulous and old. “So the rumours are true, after all. I would they were not: it grieves me deeply to see you in such company.”
“I know your accent, soldier; I know what vessel brought you here, and I know from what port you embarked.”
His directions to them as to the route they should take, the persons to whom they must give greetings, guidance as to which cottages might be relied on to offer them milk or water to quench their thirsts and which wells or springs they must on no account drink from occupied the remainder of the evening.
Then he turned to the small, sandy-haired figure, knowing him to be Destiny, whom no soldier could outrun or outfox. When one’s number came up, up it came and he’d had a good run at it, all things considered.
On that long-ago night, the Crown Prince had elected to deliver a sermon, his text taken from the first book of coincidences.
He had assumed the task a mere matter of form, but a little time later the guard commander knocked on his door. Being bade to enter, he held out an envelope, addressed to Darcy, which had been found amid the cushions of a surprisingly intact interior portion of the carriage.
He was vaguely conscious of Darcy riding beside him, pacing him stride for stride, but most of his attention was concentrated on Miss Duplessis. How close should he come before addressing her? Thirty strides was an ungenteel distance, one would have to bellow. But he needed to acknowledge their presence and shorten rein before they took him for some rash hobbledehoy trying to scare them into leaping for safety. Already the officer with the little group was looking up, watching their approach with visible concern.
“Does it not occur to you to wonder why a regiment should be overwintered on Meryton, of all places?”
Lydia ignored her elders, exclaiming about each fresh sighting of an officer and eventually losing herself so far as to actually point.
Out of the side of her mouth, the Prioress breathed, “Be you comforted, my child, in your troubles. All will be well, and all will be well, and all manner of things will be well. Should you be able to commit your family to paying two hundred thalers per annum as dowry for your youngest daughter, a marriage with the deplorable excuse for a gentleman in question is all but fixed. I trust you can consent to so much.
. “But do me the favour of thinking more on this matter. It would mean a very great deal to me could something be contrived.”
On cue, Jane piped up, “We are sorry you arrive in the country in such unfortunate circumstances, sir. When you are feeling restored, we very much look forward to showing you its beauties. There are some very fine rides hereabouts.”
much too young. Jane’s looks were of a style which might so easily take and Lizzie, though she could hardly hold a candle to her sister for beauty, possessed vivacity and ready wit. So often those did better at Court than conventional good looks.
She closed the door behind her, but not quite in time. Mama’s voice was low, but very distinct and she plainly had no notion of being overheard.
Once Uncle John let his pen stray from the confines of Court life, his delicately drawn miniatures of life in Gaaldine delighted her. Though Elizabeth had travelled little within her own land and never ventured beyond its borders, she felt on reading her uncle’s letters that she had herself fallen too readily into her country’s besetting sin: jealousy of place. Gondal was a land of majestic uplands, jewel-bright mountain lakes and soaring peaks. Its people, it was often said, too readily dismissed the two southern countries as gardens, not landscapes: carefully fenced, highly cultivated gardens, with neat borders and delicate flowers, but lacking the wild splendour of their own land.
He struggled to sit up, by which he hoped to increase his authority. Caroline, who was staring out of the window into the shrubbery, did not notice. His pang of regret for the perfect angel who had attended him that morning, making sure his pillows were plumped and soothing his brow with cool damp cloths, felt almost like disloyalty.
Acting-Sergeant Vaughan cast a hasty glance around the high-walled yard in which they were standing and dropped his voice to a whisper. “So-called in Gondal Town maybe. But the way I see it, if you’re in an enemy camp, with no clear way back to your own lines and the enemy commander tells you he’s the Archangel Gabriel, it makes good sense to say, ‘And so you are, your archangel-ness, and which direction do you want your feathers brushing?’ Sir.”
She clawed her way up to wakefulness and found Lizzie bending over her with concern naked in her face. What could possibly have happened to make Lizzie look like that? Surely she couldn’t have swooned? What an absurd, impossible thing to have happened –
Miss Hooper eyed her cousin with the clear-eyed amusement of one who had known him since before he was out of skirts.
“Before he left, my brother warned me this might happen. They will want to take me to the King. Once there, I will be a hostage against my brother. And there is nothing I can do to stop it.”
. Startled, Charles halted his mare with much less grace. They stood in silence, looking at the little group. Miss Duplessis’ mouth widened in a ‘O’; initially an ‘O’ of pleased surprise, but changing rapidly to alarm. Charles’ eyes flicked sideways. Darcy was staring straight at the young officer, who stared back in turn. It reminded Charles of two dogs facing off against each other, with fur due to fly any moment.
He held an open letter in his hand. “Madam, how fortunate to find you before your toilette was far advanced.”
For once, Darcy’s expression lacked its customary assurance. “It was not your shoulder of which I was thinking.”
“I do not see what right Mr. Darcy had to decide on the propriety of his friend’s inclination, or why, upon his own judgement alone, he was to determine and direct in what manner his friend was to be happy.“ She paused, and drew a deep breath. ”But, as we know none of the particulars, it is not fair to condemn him. It is not to be supposed that there was much affection in the case.”
he done for a living before being swept up by the Crown Prince? What had the Crown Prince asked him to do afterwards, for that matter?
The words were neutral; the tone came out accusatory. The officer, white-faced, nodded, and licked dry lips.
The Bishop tutted. “As I said, it grieves me to see you in such company. But, since it concerns you, it is indeed a warm night, and I shall take my chance on rheumatism. So, my child, let me hear your confession, here, now, where none will mark it, and then let us return to the hall.”
A white shape materialised in the corner of her eye. Charlotte’s common sense quelled fears of ghosts and fae before her conscious mind had time to entertain them. She turned to see her hostess, barefoot and clad, like her, in sleeping wear, her hair loose about her shoulders.
? Tell me more about her. Is it true that she bears a striking resemblance to my own unfortunate niece?”
else in the family. Anyone at all. Or speculate. But please understand this: in giving up the best part of my dowry to save Georgiana, I am
She let out a long breath. “That is true. And that sleeve needs immediate attention, in case the sauce stain sets.”
to its long home. We do not have house fires at this time of year, but we have the most admirable bread oven.” She paused and added, with a delicate note of interrogation in her voice, “You have undertaken a dangerous mission, soldier, merely to deliver a letter. Since I cannot imagine you expected to achieve this encounter from it, I wonder what your incentive might have been?”
“Trust me. If the King declares for war, on the facts as they stand at present half the Council (if not more) would endorse him without thinking and the rest with little less than token resistance. No; your only hope is to pay the ransom without engaging the public purse and persuade his Grace that the Borders remain too turbulent to risk his opening up a war on two fronts.”
Memories pressed hard on him: fear, pain, the noise of battle and an odd, whirling exhilaration, never experienced before or since.
At that, she finally lost patience. “And you recommend I go along with this scheme? Walk defenceless into the Palace in Gondal Town, like a lamb to the slaughter, with no more precaution than what?
With ineffable elegance, Lady Anthea shrugged. “Over recent days at least three personages of the Court have confided that information to me: not as gossip but as Divine truth. I am not precisely sure whether the Holy Wisdom has it that your so-called retirement to the country is because you wish to conceal your condition as long as possible, you are prostrate from an induced miscarriage or because Princess Charis has had you secretly garrotted. Accounts differ.”
None of it happened. Clarence’s indolence was as inexorable as time itself. Without ever giving an absolute no or saying that the thing could not be, funds had not been released, letters had not been written, some crisis or other on the estate had demanded his full attention, so even thinking about other things, let alone planning them, became quite impossible. In short, he had frittered away one entire winter season and then, behold! it was planting time once more, and no-one could be Philistine enough to drag anyone away from his country estate as it started to put on its spring glories.
The walls of their room compressed her like the jaws of a vise. Elizabeth’s hands clenched into fists. Had Jane married Mr Bingley, Elizabeth too could have escaped this place. From their earliest days, they had always promised each other that whoever married first would always find a space for the other in their new home.
“I shall be some time planning my sketch and nothing is more tedious for the observer. Pray feel free to take your time to explore. I am sure, having been in the confined neighbourhood of Hunsford for so long, you must have purchases to make. Pray do not let concerns of time affect you: with Giulio with us, we need not think of turning for home much before Vespers. I only advise you to avoid the narrowest lanes between these buildings, and do not suffer yourself to embark on any vessel, on whatever pretext.”
“But surely – a lot of women – why would the people at the villa –?” Sudden embarrassment about the whole business overwhelmed her, and she stuttered to a stop. Jonathan eyed her sidelong.
“Very little. My father’s seat lies west of Pemberley and he has another place on Lake Elderno. My childhood was spent between those two estates and Pemberley, of course. But after Darcy and I grew up we adopted the custom of spending a few weeks here at this time of year so we could see our cousin, Miss Hooper. We are fortunate to meet you at Hunsford, though. It is quite the gift of fate.”
“And you have four sisters, I understand. What a charge for your poor mother. Tell me, what are their ages? Do they all play and sing? What of drawing?”
Peter Brenzaida had expected fury. He had expected disgrace. He had expected to be thrown in irons for his dereliction.
“My own physician has done the same to me before now. But I’ll wager she knows her craft better than any who would answer your brother’s summons.”
Lady Catherine with the barest motion of a finger acknowledged the gesture. After sitting for a moment in silence, she said very stiffly to Lizzie,
Other attempts at small talk having failed, Harriet recalled, with gratitude, their mutual acquaintance in Hunsford. “May I take the liberty of asking your ladyship whether you left Mr. and Mrs. Collins well?”
Harriet had had every last detail of her campaign planned in her head. She had repeated them to Hill in the sanctuary of the still-room or over precious thimblefuls of imported Constanza wine in the housekeeper’s pantry, until the anticipated scenes became sharper than memory.
On descending, she found Charlotte and the fishmonger wreathed in smiles, their negotiation having apparently concluded with credit on both sides. Seeing his empty creels, a thought struck Elizabeth.
“Forgive me, my dear wife. Due to the press of affairs, I shall have to absent myself for some considerable time from your company. For a period of some months, indeed. Some
He heard, like the sighing of a spring breeze (though the cressets’ flames blazed up straight as delphiniums) an unforgettable contralto voice murmur,
At first, she had been proud that Mama had taken her into her confidence about Miss Bates, treating her for the first time as a woman grown, equal to hearing the stories the married ladies swapped over the negus while they surveyed the dancing from their matronly isolation. It was only in the dark watches of the night that Charlotte had realised the true meaning behind Mama’s disregard of protocol.
“Boots!” he yelled at the full force of his lungs, throwing off the bedclothes. His bare feet hit the cold boards of the floor with a thud that doubtless rattled the elegant chandelier of Percy, Viscount Exina, in the set below his.
we respectable? Much as it pains me to admit it, my brother is the worst man in the three kingdoms; yours, I collect, is wanted on both sides of the Border.”
he threw up his hands in horror and spent the whole next course imploring her to change it, rather than refer even obliquely to a pagan goddess. I do not know whether he would have taken it any better had I enlightened him that it was, in point of fact, an allusion to the French King’s mistress, but my father chanced to tread on my foot so I lost the opportunity.”
, the Pretender of Gondal knew of King Ambrosine’s proposed marriage treaty before I did. More mundanely, at least fourteen people at this very moment are visibly speculating about what we are discussing.”
While Elizabeth had been prepared for Lady Catherine’s hauteur, her inquisitiveness came as a shock. Within the first quarter turn of their meeting, in addition to interrogating her about her sisters and exclaiming over the deficiencies of their education, she had forced Elizabeth to play the harpsichord, compared her fingering unfavourably to that of her absent ward, Miss Hooper, told her she must practise far more often, and generally inserted her nose so completely into Elizabeth’s affairs that she was
Gentle as she seemed, Mrs Annesley was inexorable. “But surely, they are orders from the King for Georgiana’s welfare. His Grace cannot possibly mean you to risk her health by setting out prematurely – surely, you may interpret his order in the spirit, rather than the letter? Miss Georgiana Darcy cannot possibly leave Pemberley today.”
At first, Mr. Darcy seemed unable to comprehend what he was hearing. Then his complexion became pale with anger. During the ensuing dreadful, interminable pause Elizabeth waited for the storm to break.
The steps that had taken to this cold, dark place were blurred, inconsequential. He had stood up in some elegantly appointed chamber in the Palace and shouted. Even the King, he dimly recollected, had recoiled.
No. In the end she had refused him for the sake of the Queen, who had never enjoined such loyalty on her ladies-in-waiting, nor, overtly, blamed them when they failed to show it.
Elizabeth reminded herself it was all of a piece with Mr Darcy’s cavalier assumption that he could ignore his father’s bequest of a competency to Mr Wickham and the King’s justices would not lift a finger to assist the injured party. Perhaps, she thought with angry scorn, that story itself was common gossip in Gondal Town.
“It seems unlikely. Nonetheless, you underestimate what a very great lady she is. She is sister to the current Earl of Ula. Her youngest sister, Elaine, married Crown Prince Gerald.” He added, very deliberately, “You may also not be aware that the middle sister, Lady Anne, married a gentleman of considerable estate in the North of Gondal. That estate was Pemberley, and the gentleman the elder Mr Darcy. Lady Catherine, therefore, is aunt both to the present Mr Darcy and to our newly crowned King.”
"Indeed, sir, the younger girl slipped into the King’s bed when the elder quitted the world for the cloister. Further, the boy was born some months after King Mycroft’s death at Castle Cavron, and his mother died bearing him.
Darcy flushed first white, then red. After a moment, he said, as if through gritted teeth, “My late mother’s younger sister made a most imprudent second match. Unhappily, she died in childbed not long afterwards. On her husband’s following her to the grave some few years later, my aunt – that is, my mother’s elder sister – took my poor cousin into her own house and raised her as a daughter. I believe my aunt sold the house because it held unhappy memories for my cousin. I know nothing of what became of it after that.”
To one who had died unshriven and in such circumstances, the already-overstuffed graveyards of Gondal Town were closed. Various prelates had washed their hands of Flora, noisily and with much sniffing.
“Forgive me. I had forgot: my older brother did tell me some Tuscan poet had published a lewd travesty of the old tale I had of my nurse. I believe they have great store of such things in the libraries of Zalona. But you surely cannot have thought I meant to allude–?”
The girls were a-twitter and Harriet, too, took heart. A glittering marriage for Jane would not merely mend the fortunes of her eldest girl, but provide a secure anchor for all the rest. No longer would she wake at two of the morning, that witching hour when the comforting warmth of the ratafia she was accustomed to by way of nightcap had ebbed, to spend the lonely blank hours till dawn listing all the ways she had failed her children, picturing them forlorn, bereft, abandoned, turned out onto the streets, all because of her blameworthy, inadequate, daughter-prolific womb.
“I wished to do whatever I could to bring a little ease and lightness in these troubled times. Sir, if I may make a suggestion; over recent days I have found it a great refreshment to my spirit to walk along the ridge on the northern edge of the estate and watch the moon rise.”
If, as it appeared, the King were hell-bent (and in the King’s case there could surely be no other destination) on announcing his cousin Mr Darcy’s formal betrothal to the King’s sister Miss Hooper at the State Ball that coming Tuesday, an honour desired by neither of the proposed parties, then the only solution was to ensure that by that date an irrevocable obstacle existed to the marriage of one or both of them. A marriage, the Crown Prince pronounced, with a casual wave of his hand, solemnised privately tomorrow between Mr Darcy and Miss Elizabeth Duplessis, his friend’s second-eldest niece, would solve the problem most admirably.
Darcy’s tone suggested that Miss Bingley might have made it slightly too plain that she saw Pemberley itself as the quintessential country estate for that purpose. Still, that was an old story. Not one man in a hundred or woman in a thousand saw the man rather than the estate when first meeting his cousin.
, the shy young bridegroom who no doubt would be too nervous to eat, shamelessly broke character and reached for the fish platter. A wonderful meal it would have been, if Jonathan had not been so patently on edge: head on one side, listening to every sound which drifted in from the road to their place in the inn’s walled garden.
He bit his lip, but seeing neither condemnation nor discouragement in Mr Darcy’s expression, went on. “I was knocked insensible very early in the fight, sir, but I have been able to ascertain from my men that your sister and her attendant lady, Mrs Annesley, were captured unharmed and, indeed, behaved most nobly in offering ransoms for all the troop.”
he knew he had the moral high ground. His sergeant looked positively green. And sheepish. The corporal, on the edge of his vision, seemed to have difficulty keeping his expression composed in accordance with regulations.
“My dearest Elizabeth, forgive me. When we first met, I disparaged your family. No, ssh. Let me speak. I never mentioned my own family in that context; absurdly, I took them for granted. But – the King is my cousin. And
It had come at last: the thing long-feared, never spoken. James of Gondal had destroyed them all. He sank onto the bed and put his head in his hands.
A little subdued, Lizzie sat back on her heels, allowing Harriet to struggle up into a sitting position, from which she could observe the man retreating (in truth, almost scuttling) down the hill. Behind her head, she heard a gate click shut: the gate besides the walnut tree. Horror slithered greasily along newly irritated nerves.
He nodded. “Heather will do admirably. But accent it with bog asphodel, if it can be found. Pomegranate leaves for added greenery. They provide excellent contrast to the moorland flowers.”
“Priests always say that. It’s a pretty safe bet, especially if you was kneeling before a statue of the Virgin with guilt written all over you, like what you’ve got written now.”
“No.” Her voice was low and breathless, as if she had been running. “He offered, but I wished to be able to tell you our news myself.”
“Musgrave, isn’t it? Happy to see you, glad to see you kept that leg. But hush, now. I’ve a whopper on the line. If you want to help, come close and hold the landing net. If not, bugger off, but, in the name of St Nicholas, off-bugger quietly.”
On their departure, her mind’s eye followed those packets outwards, blood-red trails across the land.
“My pardons. My lord, I am happy to report a great improvement in my lady’s health. Her state of nervous prostration on her arrival troubled her aunt and the household greatly.”
That calculation had beset him on the whole journey south. Had beset him since he had received Malham’s letter. Each line of it seemed written into his heart, totted and tabulated in neat double columns.
With such companions on her journey, even the sight of her cousin outside the door of their house with Charlotte tucked two paces behind him came as a relief.
Meditatively, the boy reached across the table and helped himself to a honey-and-almond cake. He munched it slowly, and spoke only once it had been devoured.
Julian counters, “No. I had already earmarked basil as the signifier for ‘a deep-buried secret’, as in the tale of Lisabetta and her Lorenzo.”
“The new tenants will have been the Bingleys? I met them at my cousin’s house in Gondal Town this winter. Both my cousin and Mr Bingley spoke most highly of the care your family took of his party after that shocking carriage accident. Something really needs to be done about that curve of the main road. Especially when the autumn rains undercut the bank, it is truly dangerous. There was an appalling accident there with a dray, when I was no more than seven. I still dream of it, sometimes.”
: I had inferred as much. But in what way can I aid you with respect to him? I could have eased any doubts you might have been suffering as to the fact and manner of his passing, but Jonathan met me some days ago, and told me he had been beforehand with that news. What, then?”
“If we try to resolve this by force of arms, Georgiana and Mrs Annesley – my sister and our kinswoman – will be right at the heart of the siege. You have fought, sir; I have not. But from your accounts and from those of your son I know how unpredictable a battle can be, and most especially for women caught up in it. Please spare them that.”
The horse’s steady, jogging gait which brought Giulio to Gondal Town within the hour. He swathed his hood across his face, a move which the growing rain made blessedly innocuous, and made his way by unobtrusive degrees through the crowds who, despite the weather, thronged the streets.
At that he guffawed, loud enough to startle the footmen guarding the great front doors. No, he had no need to scrimp on candle wax; not that even the flood of light pouring out from his windows could hold a candle – ha! – to what the Palace would look like tonight, prepared for the first State Ball of his nephew’s reign.
Almost two years ago, Harriet had planned the Duplessis family’s assault on wider society, knowing it was past time to start thinking of the future. No son would spring from her exhausted loins to save the family fortunes. Longbourn, with its chalky soil, indifferent tenants and commonplace neighbours, would pass to Clarence’s dim, dusty cousin Collins, and much joy might he have of it.
The pock-marked Gaaldinian, whose name he had not been vouchsafed, loomed unexpectedly at the cave’s mouth.
The silence grew overwhelming. It was almost a relief when Mr Darcy entered, wearing dark conventional clothes and an awkward expression, which rapidly became more than awkward as the Crown Prince (who had, it seemed, not lost his habit of meddling over the intervening decades) outlined his plan to resolve their dilemma.
“The fatigues of Court – of doing the honours as the ranking lady of Gondal – have left her quite done up. Lady Catherine made it clear that her ward will require the most absolute rest and quiet. We will, I fear, not even see the Rosings party at church during Miss Hooper’s stay. The chapel at Rosings has been turned out and new-furbished and the family will hear Mass there.”
extolled by priests a distant, unpleasant memory, but she shamelessly cast a prayer into the void, that the fire be extinguished (completely, soon, without casualties) and that it left her with an intact bed and that she could pull her husband into it with her.
Caroline shrugged. “Some such name, I believe. Anyway, Charles, we must contrive to get you to Netherfield today, or tomorrow at the absolute outside. The acquaintance is made and we cannot escape it, but at least we need not deepen it further than we must.”
He found the Bishop sitting in a low chair in the corner of the hall, a glass in front of him from which he was pointedly not drinking. His glance was thunderous as he looked up to see Julian approach.
Darcy looked very steadily at her. “Trust me. There is no price that is not worth paying in order to see my sister safely out of harm’s way.”
“A deadly secret concerning the King? In the very unlikely event such a thing existed and you heard of it, it would be the height of folly to mention it, even in a flower code.”
a constellation they make, too, those of that set whom drink and the pox have so far spared.” Colonel Fitzwilliam wrinkled his nose. “But I would not like to think so ill of the Earl. To sacrifice his daughter for advancement, and on
They would start small, as a general sends scouts into debatable lands. Just Clarence and herself, alone together for the first time in goodness knew how many years, and a few blissful winter weeks in Gondal Town.
Quite apart from anything else, it confirmed all the suspicions they had been voicing for years: however long they had been in one’s household, all servants were snakes in the grass waiting to turn.
“My shoulder is perfectly able to withstand holding the reins of the most placid mare in my stables for a short trot to Meryton and back. Your concern does you credit, but it is not needed. Please, take your Sultan for your customary gallop in the park, and leave me to manage my own errands.”
“Lay her among the Kings and Queens of Gondal. She is of the blood, and many of her kin who lie there have made worse ends. Lay her in the Royal vaults. I command it and I am your Queen.”
. She almost said it aloud. But it was not her story to tell, she had no proof, and, besides, Clarence would not believe her. It gave her an idea, nonetheless.
The garden was shielded from the sun until the later part of the day. Before Elizabeth had walked two circuits round it, hot anger had solidified into cold resolve. She drew a deep breath. Running lightly across the dew-soaked grass she shortly attained the room she shared with Jane.
Colonel Moran – continuing to look for my body in the vicinity of Sancta Maria inter Prata. You can even continue the close search drills. To which end, incidentally, since you knew the man and can describe him as well or better than I, you could consider finding who besides Theo the potman spotted a slight, dark man who moves his head from side to side like a weasel entering this village, how often and on what occasions. And whom he consorted with in the district.”
"Because I learnt – please don’t ask me how, for that is not my story to tell – that he had connived with a Mrs Younge, then companion to Miss Georgiana Darcy, to get access to her charge, whom he had known as a child. Also – please, this must not go outside these four walls – that Mrs Younge promoted Wickham’s interest with Miss Georgiana, encouraged her to feel herself preferred by him, and concealed it from Miss Georgiana’s guardians, notwithstanding the trust placed in her –”
Was that a momentary flicker of surprise on the King’s face? If so, it was instantly subsumed beneath the sunniest of smiles.
“There’s a man involved,” she declared, and blushed. Who was she to make such a confident pronouncement? Indeed, how absurd a pronouncement to make. Espionage and high politics were male preserves: how could there
He rose to his feet, checked sword and dagger in their respective scabbards and then pulled from the sack at his feet a hat with a fine white feather plume, and a cloak, with a high, wired collar, captured two weeks ago from a bewildered and indignant troupe of wandering players.
At Charles’ side, Darcy pulled his mare to a dead stop. Had he been riding Sultan, the manoeuvre might have turned into a full
Molly’s mouth was a set line. “Because the proponents of prudence and of recklessness are both in alignment on this one point: if war with Gaaldine
The monosyllable was enough. The Abbess of Norburyness was hailed throughout Europe as the greatest female theologian of the age. Her pellucid theological essays and biting pamphlets had earned her the title ‘the second Heloise’, though that name had more than one significance.
The fingertips of Elizabeth’s left hand reached out to caress the mourning knot on her right sleeve, its silky smoothness recalling the last time they had donned mourning for a Royal death.
Her words drifted past his ears, irrelevant as the buzzing of summer bees. His full attention was on the goblet, the jug and, most of all, Sally Donovan’s impossible presence here, wherever “here” might be.
The moon crept over the crest of the fells, its cold light transmuting Pemberley’s honey-gold sandstone into granite.
The tarnishing of Miss Hooper’s reputation by the news that she had been playing high and forced to pawn some less important jewels was all that was needed to put the capstone on the scandal, since it enabled everyone to concur
She repressed a shudder which she could by no means explain to her companions. They might, perhaps, take it for horror and pity at the destruction of the life of an inoffensive gentlewoman, who had loved not wisely but too well. Charlotte knew it had a deeper and far less creditable cause.
Miss Hooper’s open, friendly countenance clouded. “To do what? To order the Gouldings and Lacys to surrender their land for the common good?”
coast. We came through the Angora passes in the dark before you woke up. Also, the second half of your ransom isn’t due until you’re safely delivered on the other shore, so you can bet your life – in fact, technically you will be betting your life, but you then always were a gamester – that the families who have us in charge will make sure that James’ men don’t get to you before they’ve been paid.”
of that season, of course, but your mother only had eyes for your father from the moment they were introduced. I expect that would have been a great relief for the poor man; every other mother and their girls were round like bees to a honey-pot.”
Indeed, the opening part proved to be an involved and, to Elizabeth’s mind, self-serving account of how Mr Darcy had conspired with Caroline Bingley to separate Jane and Mr Bingley. Some of the key phrases she could not but read aloud to herself in a tone of angry contempt, garnished with fury.
The last remove of the elaborate banquet was produced, praised and eaten. The subtleties were duly admired; the iced pudding gasped at. The Countess led the ladies upstairs to dress; the Earl ordered the brandy decanters circulated around the gentlemen for one last round of drinks before they, too, headed upstairs to change.
“The lady will receive you in the blue drawing-room, sir. Would sir wish to refresh himself before doing so? The roads begin to be very dusty, now full summer is upon us.”
But away where? The old objections surfaced with redoubled force. Had the Crown Prince been in favour she might have thrown herself on his mercy, but Mycroft II was an unknown quantity and she had no illusions as to how valuable a hostage he might think her.
The flood of relief felt like weakness. Nonetheless, Charles drew himself up straighter. “Thank you.”
. Charlotte grimaced internally. Jane, of course, was incapable of dissimulation and a paragon of integrity. Charlotte had known her from birth, had watched for years for any crack in the façade, before concluding, reluctantly, that in Jane’s case appearance and self marched hand in hand. Lizzie, though, was quite a different proposition. She reached the same place as Jane through pride, not innate instinct. Since she would never do anything which might make Jane think the less of her the outcome was the same.
Her uncle, too, seemed subdued. He spoke little, and that only commonplaces regarding the weather or the state of his horses. Only when they were inside her uncle’s house and Aunt Gardner had come downstairs to greet them, trailed by a troop of shy children, Jane – dear Jane – had hugged her and all the ladies were sitting down to coffee and muffins did Elizabeth start to feel at ease.
“Quite. You may be interested to learn that Lady Agnes recently married: highly advantageously, so far as her family’s interest with the Pretender is concerned. As for the lady herself, I suspect she may by now be wondering whether the bandits of the mountains would not have been a better option.”
“What mother indeed?And yet, my dear, she has been a spy for Gaaldine these last ten weeks and I turned her into nothing; I
“Symbolism,” Mr Darcy responded, handing her aboard and settling her beneath the bullion-trimmed awning in the stern. “Poets always say ‘death’ when they mean ‘the culmination of passion’.”
Mrs Annesley vouchsafed a brief, acknowledging nod. It was enough. Words burst out as from a breached dam.
“The King will be angry about a great many things in the near future.” He caught her hands, and drew her into his embrace. “He is already furious with Molly for losing the Betrothal Necklace.”
“Everything which may please his sister, is sure to be done in a moment,” the housekeeper said. “I look forward very much to seeing her face, when she enters this room tomorrow and sees what he has contrived here.”
He had almost extricated her from her family but at the very last her idiotic mother grabbed out and caught her arm with both hands.
They had completed a half-circle of the fort’s upper defences before Colonel Fitzwilliam spoke again.
He inhaled, and looked down at the note he had received from his tenant. “I’ll not see Armstrong cheated, no matter what high politics may be behind it. I owe him that. But I shall take care.”
His voice wobbled, as he recalled how irrelevant the University of Zalona’s prizes were to his now-destroyed life. The stranger nodded, imperturbed.
time we’ll put it down to wind in the thatch. But we’ve wasted too much of this goodwife’s day. Sincere thanks to you for the ale, ma’am. Once our commander gives us the word, we’ll leave you be.”
Darcy nodded. He had reached that conclusion two days ago; his uncle only confirmed his own thoughts.
“You are right, of course. I have made a study of them. And yet I know less of the inwardness of the matter than Charis, whose cradle music it was. The Moriarty ancestral lands lie in the Borders and if there is one thing those songs teach us, it is that the bitterest feuds are those within a family. Charis is the Pretender’s weak spot and he knows it.”
For the first time he dared look her in the face. Any last shreds of doubt that he was looking at the original of ‘Self-Portrait’ dissipated. So. He had allowed himself to be captured by the Pretender’s sister on Gondal’s soil.
Ever since his son’s young adjutant Captain Lennox had ridden in on a near-foundered horse with news of an ill-fed, mutinous, unpaid army on the Borders he had sensed a crisis stirring for Gondal. They had hastened to the Palace, he had spent all his credit to obtain an audience with the King which, it transpired, had been so infused with simmering tension that when they emerged a turn later both he and Captain Lennox had instinctively found themselves reaching to touch their own necks, for reassurance their heads remained in place.
“Miss Darcy? I am honoured to meet you. We all admired your drawings yesterday, when we visited Pemberley. I wish I had your skill with paper and crayons.”
Nor had the artist attempted to soften the message. True, at the time of his betrothal the Crown Prince had been over fifty and not even the most obsequious of Court portraitists could have erased the marks of a life given over to the darkest of debaucheries. But this Prince Gerald sneered openly out of the portrait with an air of cold sensuality and Lady Elaine shrank back beneath his gaze into her court robes, drowning in swathes of fabric, like a child playing dress-up in an adult’s clothes.
Molly was keyed up to the most intense pitch of nerves; it was, indeed, as well her aunt by marriage had decreed they wore ordinary dress for dinner, for she would surely have wrecked her State gown. Jeannette would have a hard enough job of it getting the sauce stain out of
for anyone came as a most profound shock. That the man in question was otherwise entangled – His mind cast up and instantly rejected half a hundred possibilities.
the King. If I attend not to the defence of my realm, I am nothing. And your daughter, I think, knows that.”
Harriet exhaled. She had borne five daughters. She would, within the next few weeks, have seen each and every one of them into the safest harbour the times and circumstances could afford.
“Impossible, indeed. For if ladies were to hold titles in their own right, might that not shake the very foundations of King James’s throne?”
Thus primed, Giulio let it all come out, from the moment in the morning when he had received the jewels into his possession in full view of Miss Hooper’s morning visitors, all of whom she had cheerfully encouraged to point and mock at the ugliness of the ear-bobs she was sending to her jewellers for cleaning.
“So you wish to allow my sister her season in the sun, soaring above Court in her new position and breaking hearts right and left? A wise move, coz. A true falconer’s cast. Nothing wins a wife’s loyalty more than the illusion she made her own choice from a wide field. Or so they tell me. But indulge me. Do not wait too many weeks before you petition me to allow you to pay your addresses to my sister – the Marchioness of Malham, in her own right, as she will be by then. I
Julian walked forwards, very erect, conscious of how his cloak fell about him and how his men whispered. He did not speak until he was no more than a handspan away from the other man’s face.
Something stirred queasily in Elizabeth’s guts. A letter from Netherfield could hardly have taken more than minutes to read and she had heard the stable clock strike three quarters while she had been slumped on this bench in the walled garden, drowning beneath Lydia’s mindless prattle. From their cradles, she and Jane had always shared. A piece of news so great and she would have been told it already.
“French!” Jonathan whispered, at a perfectly audible volume. “What can you expect? Oh, don’t worry. I don’t think she understands a word. It’s a miracle to me how she and the young master managed to fall in love at all, with him so tongue-tied he can barely get a syllable out in company and her jabbering away in foreign. But, however it was, they did and now here we are. If you can make my lady comfortable, I’d best be away to see after the horses and see whether the young master’s found the priest yet.”
“I suppose,” she said hesitantly, “there are those at the Court of Gondal who see the estrangement between King Mycroft and his heir as a weakness to be exploited? Or who, perhaps, see Princess Charis as a victim to be rescued, given how the marriage seems to have turned out?”
know, from what I have overheard, or pieced together from hints and snatches of conversation that have come my way, he is – how shall I put this? Could one be an inadvertent spy? Or a spy against one’s better judgment, or interest?”
’s owner, was standing beside the artist: judging from the excitable hand swoops, not in silence, either.
“Left to himself, it might well come to that. But he has sisters. The younger one is yet to wed. I fancy she sees a country estate as the setting which will best display her charms.”
For a moment he permitted himself to wallow in malicious triumph. If the rumours he had heard were true (and he would easily be able to verify them, once he reached Fort Whitburn) what a slap in the face his sister’s abduction must be for that oh-so-proper lord of Gondal. And as for that mawkish little miss herself, it was so deliciously ironic that – for all the humiliation of that final collapse of his hopes in that direction – both brother and sister must no doubt be reflecting on how much better it would have been to settle for the evils of
His words hit her like a blow in the diaphragm. As in the aftermath of such a blow, she lost all power of speech. Her power of observation seemed unaffected, however. She saw regret in Mycroft’s face but no trace of apology or retraction.
Elizabeth opened her mouth but Molly raised a hand to forestall her. “If you are worried about the servants, please don’t be. I sent my maid home a few days after we arrived here: she was long overdue some leave. Both Jeanette and Giulio have known me since childhood. When I told them of what I planned, Giulio said, ‘Trust us. We are good, faithful hounds, who run silent.’ As for the carriage, this one does not bear my aunt’s arms, but only her livery, which is interchangeable with that of several others. At this time of the year, you know, people come to Elbe from all over Gondal.”
“Now, Lizzie,” Mama said, when all necessary explanations for their presence in Gondal Town had been made, “share with us what you learned of Wickham. I collect, from hints you let drop, that you returned from your visit to Hunsford by no means as enamoured of him as you were when you left. Why?”
“My dear, you must be chilled quite through from your journey; I hope you have not taken cold. Let me have warmed bricks put into your bed. I recommend you retire as soon as maybe. We shall have plenty of time to catch up on news in the morning.”
Harriet thought, pasting on a simpering expression and assuring her ladyship that they never sat there after dinner.
The thought that even her own aunt thought them unworthy to mix with the aristocracy of Gondal stabbed like a knife. “And why should Jane not be an ornament to those circles as she is at home? My mother was a lady of the bedchamber to the Queen; my grandfather and uncle Royal physicians. Even now, my uncle is at the Court of Gaaldine, the Princess Charis’ most trusted companion.”
The stranger paused for a moment, considering him. Under the cool scrutiny of those peculiar eyes, Julian felt suddenly young and unfinished, like a boy who had burst into a formal dinner at the castle, still with the muck of the midden on his boots.
He seemed barely able to hear her. His brows drawn down, he paced up and down the parlour. After a few minutes, he paused, and turned to her.
“This is so very shocking, I had not an idea of it. Are there any specific instances you can recount?”
“How foolish of me. Of course your importance to the Rosings’ household precludes your absence. There may be new works that Miss Hooper will expect to have ordered for her perusal, or material she has brought from the city which has to be catalogued. I quite see that you have to be on hand. But as to me and Elizabeth –?”
That fragment of rococo gilt could, indeed, only have come from the Darcy state coach. It had been trodden deep into the mud by the side of the road but Darcy could see from the splintered edge where someone had taken an axe to it. He lifted his voice.
the hand is also that of Gondal. Given the similarity between that hand and my wife’s, this could only have been written by a woman, and a gentlewoman at that.
The first coach slowed as it approached the barricade. In a visible ripple the convoy came to a halt. Dark figures leapt off and assumed a defensive formation.
A slow smile crossed his face. “How fortunate we are that your party decided not to press on to Constantinople. The average intelligence at Court has increased ten per cent at least from the presence of you and Elizabeth.”
“Gave it to the priest,” Giulio mumbled. “I stopped at the church on my way home, to make confession, and I passed it over in the confession box. T’other way round when I went to collect the counterfeits. He gave me the money I needed to pay and the jewellers accepted it without question.”
However frustrated Elizabeth might be that better acquaintance with Miss Darcy had been interrupted, the genuine warmth with which Mr Bingley greeted her and claimed the right to be introduced to her aunt and uncle had a cheering effect. The particular intonation he used when asking her if
“I myself have had the Mezentian Coronet broken up into its constituent stones and will be wearing the largest in my navel at tonight’s event. I am not yet sure what to do with the remainder. Perhaps I shall auction them at the party, for the benefit of the lying-in hospital. If so, Big Gertie has undertaken that her girls will display them to best advantage, to ensure the bidding runs high.”
He lit his pipe, drew deep and blew a smoke ring. Out of the corner of her eye, Frances spotted two beribboned courtiers leaning in towards each other and tittering. She closed her eyes, in the hope it might compose her senses. When she opened them again the Crown Prince had his head on one side, his expression cool and assessing.
The officer gulped. “Your grace. Sir. I have the honour to be the officer commanding Deadholm Barracks.”
you’ve given your parole, even though you haven’t. So you just keep your wits about you, sir and your eyes peeled, and we’ll contrive some sort of diversion and then you can take your chances. After all, sir, if we’re to be ransomed, someone has to get the message out, don’t they?”
“Until today,” Frances repeated. She looked across the ballroom to Charis, dancing with the King’s dry-stick secretary, Fullerton. She had plainly set herself the task of making him lose his composure before the set was out and looked like making good on any bets which might be riding on the outcome.
Mindful, no doubt, that his interest was bound up with acquiescence, the fishmonger shook his head. After his departure, Elizabeth was at last released to go to her room and give her pent-up feelings the release of tears. So severe was the headache that this brought on that she had no difficulty in convincing Charlotte that she was quite unequal to the proposed evening’s tea-drinking at Rosings, despite Mr Collins’ fears that Lady Catherine might take this amiss, and his fussing several times along the landing, asking in a loud, nerve-jangling whisper (which she supposed was his concession to her illness) whether she was
“Do not mistake me. Please. I do not think the – other party – has the smallest knowledge of my feelings. Or reciprocates them. Believing that makes my duty easier to perform. I refer to this only between the two of you; pray do not share it with
But the Crown Prince would die: slowly, cruelly and publicly, and with him Charis’ hopes. And even if they evaded the troops and succeeded in crossing the border unscathed –
Next morning, Elizabeth and Mrs Gardiner felt that they should exert themselves to call on Miss Darcy. The latter’s extraordinary civility in calling on them on the very day of her own arrival at Pemberley could never be equalled, but they could surely do their best.
Even in the crisis, she could not prevent the corner of her mouth lifting. “Sir: you must be unfamiliar with Gondal’s high society. We are bored, idle and by this time in the Season no idiocy is beyond us. But we are wasting time. Pray check the floor above – it is the servants’ quarters and most should be down here, but we dare not risk someone being overlooked. I will attend to the ladies. What is the safest way out?”
Mary King had been a shy, be-befreckled presence on the edge of Meryton events for all of Elizabeth’s life. Her father had owned a ropewalk, and on his death (an event which occurred when Miss King was no more than three years old) his widow, disregarding the advice of her man of business and the opinion of the district, assumed management of the ropewalk on her own account. Further, she had sunk her jointure into building new sheds on the most modern principles: doubling the quantities of hands, and bringing in experts from Venice and the Low Countries to coach them in the newest principles of the craft. So successful had this strategy proved, Mrs King’s small local business had in short order become a most prosperous and renowned manufactory.
The Betrothal Necklace wasn’t stolen by brute force or dexterous picking of locks. It was taken by manipulating those who had it in their charge to bring it to a particular place at a particular time, all the while believing each step on the road had been made of their own free will. How such a schemer operates, how to protect oneself against their machinations –
Even the relief of tending to the poor was taken from her, lest the miasmas in their dwellings harm the ultimate heir to the Longbourn estate.
All her ideas fled; she stood fixed to the spot while he caught up with her. After a few moments most awkward conversation on both their parts, he seemed to reach an inspiration.
Colonel Fitzwilliam nodded, slowly. “And, given the King’s illness, the Earl was in no position to protest his son’s innocence directly?”
He smiled, though. His wife’s cousin and her family were favourites of both Elizabeth’s parents. Jane looked up from the embroidery at which she had been working with listless diligence, and essayed a weak grin: a pale imitation of her normal spirits. At the sight, Elizabeth was forced to run upstairs to their room and compose herself, a task which took no small effort.
the Duke of Malham. By his grace of Zalona was I baptised, from him I received my first communion, and many times I spoke with him at my father’s table. You are, I repeat, a gallant man, and I esteem you for your efforts to shield my lord Bishop, but you cannot deceive me.”
Unwilled, Harriet’s hand stole out so it rested on Molly’s arm. “And if practice could achieve them, I’d be the first to urge neglect. For I think those accomplishments have not brought you happiness? In church, earlier, you spoke of loss and grief; no, it may surprise you, given what I expect you’ve heard about me, but I can listen and keep my counsel.”
Harriet had never expected to have both rumours proved; still less that she and Papa would be the ones to witness the end of the Ogre’s terror. Nor that the walnut tree would yet be standing, not after all these years. Nor that she would see again the gate beside it, leading to the high walled garden from which those little bundles had been carried out in the cool grey of the morning.
Lady Agnes was white to the lips. “You are describing my husband’s aunt. She was one of the ladies of the Court in the old King – that is, his grace’s grandfather’s day. She lives - lived with us.”
More than once in the days after receiving one of Uncle John’s letters she had braved Papa’s disapproval (never extended as seriously in her direction as in that of her sisters or Mama) to enter the library, and study maps and histories. More than once Papa, intrigued despite himself by the unusual direction of his favourite daughter’s studies, had pointed out volumes of interest, or expounded on matters which were ancient history to Elizabeth, but to which Papa’s account gave the freshness of recent disappointments. While she never alluded to Uncle John, for fear of being drawn into dangerous waters, she collected from Papa’s account that the estrangement between him and his wife’s brother after Crown Princess Felicia had agreed to marry her cousin Ambrosine had been gentle, unaccompanied by remonstrations or oaths, but conclusive, nonetheless.
Wickham tapped the side of his nose. “Were it just the fortune, perhaps, though I never set store by any man’s protestations that they do not
rumours were equally true. Papa was already a Court Physician, if not yet admitted to the inner circles who attended upon the King. Rumour said the Ogre moved in Court circles and had protectors who ranked higher still, so high their names dare not even be whispered. Save for the necessary secrets of his profession, Papa never kept anything from Mama; anything learnt at Court would assuredly have been shared.
Sir William and Maria departed for Hunsford at the end of a week, both convinced that Charlotte had met with a husband and a patroness few women in the land could boast. Elizabeth, now suffering the undiluted attentions of Lady Catherine, ventured to differ a little from that conclusion.
“There is an English term: perhaps you have not heard it. For simplicity’s sake, would it hurt if I called her Charis’ great-aunt?”
She performed the introduction with alacrity and if he was surprised he hid it well. He immediately entered into conversation with them and Elizabeth delighted that he should see that here were two relatives for whom she need not blush. Moreover, he seemed most interested in Mr Gardiner’s tales of the capital, which it was clear shed new light on issues which Mr Darcy could only have heard about from the Court’s perspective. Indeed, once conversation turned in this direction, he dispatched the gardener ahead of them to the house, with some message about the Gardiners’ horses, so that her uncle might share his opinions more freely.
“Miss Elizabeth, my thanks for receiving me. You will, of course, have noted the very cold way in which Mr Darcy deigned to acknowledge me when we met in Meryton the other day. I thought you deserved an explanation. It is a painful subject, but since Mr Darcy must have given you his own views on our relationship while you were dancing, for my own credit I must endeavour to set the record straight.”
hardly bore thinking of. Jonathan looked at her sidelong and tipped the last of the wine into her glass.
He spread his hands in a gesture which conveyed such comic helplessness that Elizabeth laughed out loud.
She could not ask why, nor would she receive an answer if she did. Instead: “And this leads us closer to war –?”
Harriet took the paper her husband held out to her and pored over it, squinting a little and wondering, yet again, whether the time had come for her to consider eyeglasses, at least for strictly private use. It did not help that Mr Collins affected a crabbed, secretarial script and never chose a good Gondalian word where a bad Greek one would do.
“Assuredly, you will not.” The hint of amusement in the other’s voice might have been intended to reassure. If so, it failed signally. His heart thumping loud enough to be heard, Giulio swallowed again.
to have said in response, confining herself to, "It is nothing in comparison of Rosings, my lady, I dare say; but I assure you it is much larger than Sir William Lucas’s.”
He may have overdone the sternness: they look crestfallen. He signals Mrs Reynolds over with more confits. “No, I know you intended no harm, but believe me. There are jokes which should not be uttered, not even here, among family. But how do you imagine one might convey, ‘I desire your urgent response?’ using such a flower code? Yellow, perhaps – that’s a good, busy, excitable colour, and one can find yellow blooms all year round. Yarrow, at this time of year, would do admirably. And one can dry it for winter use.”
Darcy stretched out his hand as if to lay it on Colonel Fitzwilliam’s arm, but thought better of it. “Six months younger. She and the Princess were born in the same week. Lady Agnes would have attended the Princess to Gaaldine but I understand her father forbade it, for her own safety.”
Some turns later Darcy found himself in supple, well-worn riding gear, a light helmet upon his brow, a sword at his hip and a troop of men in Royal livery at his back. They were on the very edge of the Great Northern Road: riding at the King’s command to find out what had befallen the Royal kin –
Her hand strayed to her bodice. Since shortly after her return from Gaaldine, she had had Jeannette sew secret pockets into all her clothes, big enough to hold a handful of precious stones or a number of gold pieces.
of Ragusa, and, I believe, departed the same way: certainly she slipped her moorings before dawn on the day after she docked. She neither took on nor discharged cargo in the port.”
That reminder served as an irritant to Elizabeth’s jangled nerves, and her voice came out drier that she intended.
“If it were merely a fine house richly furnished, I should not care about it myself, but the grounds are delightful,” her aunt scolded her. "And, too, you must have heard so much about it. Surely you cannot pass up an opportunity to see Pemberley for yourself. Wickham passed all his youth there, you know. ”
If she had not been in such immediate peril, the bafflement on the face of the agog courtiers at the ill-assorted pair she named would have made her laugh out loud.
to dance this dance with me. Let us sit it out in the arbour. I need to talk to you, and this oh-so-overblown
Which, when it came to willingness to pay the ransom, both he and Mrs Reynolds knew to be so. But Julian had asked another question and Darcy dare not risk any error in interpretation.
“People always do. I am only relieved that all you require of me this time is my wits and my abilities to make connections. Though, to be fair, I should have had to turn my attentions to Lord Moran even if there had been no lady in the case. But I rejoice that these hands were able to root out a thorn bush from your path.”
The Earl snorted. “The terrain? Yes: you and I know the terrain is a death-trap. How many of our fellows in Gondal Town, how many of my peers in the King’s Council have the smallest idea of conditions seventy-five leagues north of the capital? I could make the argument; I’ll warrant it will fail. The arrogance of the capital’s lords has to been seen to be believed, and I have seen it more often than you can think, yet still cannot credit it. And that, by the way, assumes I am even permitted to make any argument at all. The pressure will be on me to recuse myself, given Georgiana is my niece.”
“Consider my discretion assured.” Frances tried, without complete success, to keep the corners of her mouth from quirking up.
To be perfectly honest, given the state of his shoulder and the shocks of the last month, Jonathan thought that put his ability on the high side. Still, the Crown Prince always maintained all battles were won or lost in the mind and Jonathan wasn’t the man to surrender any advantage the fates offered him. He assumed the sunniest of smiles.
Mrs Annesley sank down into a chair, and gestured to Peter to do likewise. “His Grace’s concern is natural and very welcome. But –” she dimpled a little. ”He does not know these Northern Dales. Nor did I, until my late husband brought me here as a young bride. The people may
The ninth of September saw the formal opening of the shooting season across Gondal. The week before that important date brought a flurry of activity to Meryton and the country estates round about.
She smiled. “I’m sure she would. But I have trespassed too far on Lady Catherine’s good nature in that regard. I do not wish her to think either me or you encroaching.” She turned to the fishmonger. “It will not put you out of your way?”
,” Darcy muttered. “I had business in Netherfield, since you ask. After all, as you just overheard, I need to let Pemberley in a hurry and who more proper as its tenant than Charles Bingley?”
It was a warm night, but Colonel Fitzwilliam shivered. “So I suppose Traquair undertook to lend his influence. At a price.”
His throat swelled up. It was hard forcing the words out. “I do not recall ever seeing you in Castle Malham, sir.”
"Whenever I think of him, I cannot lie idle. I must be doing. Mrs Collins –” There was a note in Molly’s voice which was not the conventional one.
A regiment in Meryton: the town had not known such excitement during all the time Harriet had lived at Longbourn. The girls were wild for the officers, and their excitement proved contagious. It was like being back in those heady first days at Court.
A tinge of exasperation sounded in his voice. “I did not mean – Oh, by the Holy Virgin, why is it I am so persistently misunderstood?”
“Well said, my dear. No, we will not speak of it further. We are alone, yes, but even here we may be observed from upper windows, or from behind the high hedges. Have another cup of tea. Laugh and sleep. But do not betray your innermost thoughts, no, not even to me. James, I had not seen you there. How clever of you to notice. Yes: we are in need of more water for the urn.”
.” She snapped her fingers. “Also, I can provide a loan of a further fifty thousand on the easiest of terms to a member of the family. As we all know, Georgiana’s dowry is fifty thousand, and knowing my cousin’s probity that will already have been earmarked and invested in the most secure manner. Two hundred and fifty thousand can be paid tomorrow in a way which involves my cousin neither sacrificing his dignity nor giving up a square cubit of land.”
. Worse, I had nothing more than a vague feeling of unease and the recollection of the late Queen’s hints, which no-one but I had heard, and which I could so easily have misinterpreted. I was saved by unlooked for chivalry on the part of one of my cousins. Seeing my distress, he – ah – came to me and proposed a subterfuge. He pretended to his father and to my guardians that he had fallen most hopelessly in love with me. His father forbade the match as a matter of course. Indeed, since my cousin was then only 15, with his studies to finish and his mind as yet unformed by contact with the wider world,
"Sir! I –” At this point, the sergeant bolted for the latrine trench. Light screens of woven reeds had been erected to screen it for modesty’s sake, but they could not block out sounds. The sergeant’s intestinal struggles were neither silent or discreet. Repulsed, Lieutenant Brenzaida clicked his fingers, and bade the corporal follow him out of earshot, around the corner of the barn which had served the troop for bivouac last night, he himself having been accommodated – with inconceivable generosity – in a room in Pemberley House itself.
His chambers were aired and ready for him. There was even a bouquet in a vase on a side-table. He paused, befuddled. The flowers were dew fresh; the arrangement must have been put together while he was seeing his horse stabled and giving orders about the men. But who in the house would have had leisure or spirit for such fripperies at such a time? Was there not, too, something a little odd about the arrangement?
“I met your Aunt Gardiner for dinner, earlier. We had family business to talk over; not least, that I needed to ensure that if a match between Lydia and Mr Wickham can be contrived, she and Mr Gardiner will receive Lydia into their home and she will married under their countenance.”
“So you tell me she is playing high to take her mind off her cousin’s peril? A generous interpretation. But knowing my – knowing Miss Hooper, you may even be right. It is a dangerous weakness, though. Who knows what unscrupulous persons might do with such knowledge?”
“We dine with four-and-twenty-families,” Harriet had said once, defensively, to some visiting grandee from the capital who’d tried to put the district down. Four-and-twenty families! As if she did not know what a court could be. But the grandee had seen only what she had become, not what she had once been, and turned to the guest on his other side, not troubling to hide the curl of scorn on his lip.
Eight years ago, when she had been Charis’s age, the gulf between sixteen and eighteen had loomed large. Now, it was nothing. She looked across the ballroom, at the handful of ladies sitting out, and recalled Oversbank dances and similar galleries of disappointed hopes. It was not age, nor looks, nor animation that made the difference between sheep and the goats. Attention was a coin spent by young gallants with as much or greater care than they spent the contents of their purse. She could feel her own worth increasing minute by minute in the eyes of the passing courtiers the longer she spent closeted with the Crown Prince. Attention and admiration, that was the key to it.
“Old Mr Darcy was the best of men; it pains me to see what his son has done with that name. It also pains me that I – But perhaps I bore you.”
Clarence had never rated her abilities as a chess-player but he knew when she had him in a fork, all the same. In less time than she would have believed possible the courier was pelting down the road to Gondal Town, insincere professions of gratitude and delight from both Elizabeth’s parents scorching a hole in his saddle-bag.
Charlotte’s eyes shone. “Are we far from the port itself? I have been told there is a market along the quayside, which opens as the sun goes down. They say there are fire eaters and sword dancers, acrobats and musicians: ship’s crews from Venice, Sicily and Constantinople and even from Egypt.”
Horace’s eyes twinkled. “Little one, if you live among warriors, you will earn nicknames. And there are worse things to be called. How would anyone provision a garrison without its quarter-masters?”
“Your health, and that of your family,” she said formally and handed it back to Harriet. Harriet raised it to her lips, and swallowed heartily.
Giulio nodded. “For all I can say different. That same day, the day before the ball, I collected and delivered the counterfeits to Miss Hooper. That done, I left town. The Earl was due to leave for his country estates the morning after the State Ball. Miss Hooper was invited but detests shooting parties, so she asked me to go down to Elbe and ensure the seaside villa was able to receive her. I reached Elbe late on the night of the Ball, and having put all in hand there, left it by midday the day after. I was to stay overnight at Charlescut Halt.”
Rumours of the Ogre of Belmont had swirled about Gondal Town for decades. Nursemaids quieted rambunctious children by telling them the Ogre was coming for them and only absolute silence could prevent his stealing them away, never to be seen again.
“Lord Julian!” Darcy thunders, just as Georgiana looks puzzled, and says, “I do not believe I can have heard that story.”
Mrs Gardiner’s eyes sparkled; Mrs Annesley tried to hide a smile behind a lace handkerchief, but Mr Darcy laughed out loud. Although Miss Darcy did not recover her courage enough to join the conversation, her manner eased, and on Mrs Gardiner and Elizabeth taking their leave, she clasped Elizabeth’s hand between both of her own and expressed most fervently her pleasure at the prospect of seeing Elizabeth at dinner the next day.
The house they had been seeking was curiously modest for this district. Neat and well-appointed, it nestled amid the neighbouring great mansions like a bantam amid a flock of peacocks. A discreet servant answered. As he turned to bear word of their arrival indoors Mama’s face grew stern.
“You will find changes when you return to Meryton,” her aunt said, after the maid had left the room. “You know what we spoke of at Christmas? Well, the blow has fallen. The Duke of Malham and his elder son were taken into the Caitiff’s Tower three days ago, and word is give out this morning that they have confessed all; sedition, talking against the King, and, it seems, treasonous correspondence with Gaaldine, carried out over many months.”
He turned his head and caught her looking at him. His mouth opened and at his expression her knees turned to water. He grinned, then turned his attention back to the fire-fighting operation.
“To my sorrow, I believe we must leave tomorrow afternoon, or the day after at the absolute latest. Hence my decision to make my tour of the park today. There has been some quite extraordinary intelligence come in from Gaaldine, and I would rather be on the spot should new orders be cut for me, than have to scramble to obey from a distance.”
Jonathan, who knew just how permanent an impediment the Crown Prince could make himself when he so chose, cheered up immeasurably. Her next words dashed him.
“The boy – David Hebron – believed that the King secretly married his mother on his way to his final campaign. No, sir, pray hear me out. That information he had from the Abbess herself, who had attended her sister’s deathbed. Had it rested there, doubtless nothing more would have been heard of him. But then he received confirmation from another source, indeed from Prince James of Gondal, as he then was.”
Her niece was looking distractedly at the house. “Ma’am, have you seen Jeanette? Since we – since it happened?”
for more money. But the King will most surely enoble anyone who marries his sister, it being impossible, of course, for him to confer a title on Miss Hooper directly.”
She had not been there long, barely long enough to bespeak a meal, approve the appointments of the small, secluded arbour in which she had been seated, and sip a glass of the landlady’s celebrated rhubarb cordial when her cousin appeared.
The cavalcade had been in motion for almost two hours, and they were still barely past Lambton, travelling due east on the way to the Great Northern Road. The officer in command of the troop had looked a trifle disconcerted when the Darcy state coach – all gilding and ornament, polished up to the nines by a troop of stable-boys – had lumbered out of the carriage-house. It had, to be fair, not had an airing since her parents’ marriage journey from the parish church in Lambton to the doors of Pemberley, drawn every step of the way by teams of their tenants, as legend had it. Still, it was plain that if Miss Georgiana Darcy, of Pemberley, was being taken to visit her cousin, the King, no meaner vehicle would do, however tedious it made their progress. Anyway, they needed the biggest coach for their luggage: it would not
“Why?” The assurance with which she challenged him, here on his own ground, shocked her. Perhaps the world’s topsy-turviness accounted for her unwonted freedom.
“I do wish my brother hadn’t been called away to Gondal Town. Or that Miss Duplessis could have stayed. I did like her so very much and I was sure they said they intended to remain in Lambton for at least a week.”
“That suits you. If His Grace decides to keep up the tradition of having the State Ball as a costume piece, I may suggest to him that we should have the next
The messenger had come to Netherfield as they sat at breakfast. Ever since, Charles had been on edge, acutely aware that this was unfamiliar territory and so the chances of his making an utter fool of himself were even greater than normal. The last thing he wanted was a witness to whatever idiocy he might be about to perpetrate.
“I understand this has been done a good many times before, my dear. In all kinds of weather. Transferring mercenaries, and so on. She is not lying very far off the shore, they tell me. Say your farewells now, my dear; I shall wait in the gig.”
There was a little lift about her lips, as if the message he had intended to convey had arrived safely at its proper address.
Momentarily, Elizabeth’s mental picture of her cousin swung askew: the thought of Mr Collins describing such exotic (
“No: I can imagine Lady Catherine would not look kindly on anyone seeking to alter her plans, once she has decided on them.”
“Sir.” Wisely, the guard commander attempted no further apology, but turned the subject. “What do you plan to do with – that?”
“There,” Jeanette said, deftly unlacing Molly’s dinner gown. “I have a tisane for you, and lavender oil for your temples. Take it slowly, ma’am. The Palace should wait for you, not you hurry for the Palace.”
He was shown immediately into his uncle’s study, where he found him sitting, as Darcy had so often seen him, behind a great mahogany desk laden with estate documents and State papers.
“Lydia, don’t be absurd. How could Caroline Bingley stay alone at Netherfield with a man to whom she is quite unrelated? Her reputation would be shattered.”
Harriet felt it was high time to seize the reins of this conversation. Babbling, she had often found, prompted others to unbend in sympathy or competition; her ladyship looked unpromising material, but it might be worth a go.
“Tell her – tell her I am most grateful.” Weariness threatened to overwhelm him; he blinked against tears. Without fuss, Mr Perry ran a damp cloth over his face, erasing the evidence of weakness.
. As so often at home, Charlotte felt the tight, unhappy clenching in her insides that told her she had, once again, been clumsy. Not the physical clumsiness of her sister Maria, but a more profound mental clumsiness, where she could not see what she had tripped over even when she was (metaphorically speaking) on the floor feeling for bruises.
“And may God have mercy on your souls, for you can expect none from me if you fail in this of all missions,” the c/o had finished, crisply.
“Forgive my impertinence, ma’am. But is that a reflection on this gentleman’s personal qualities or – or a more general one, on the situation?”
Long before Charles took Darcy’s hint that their presence was no longer needed, the more burly of the sergeants and Armstrong were getting on famously over matters of protection of grain from rats.
As was only proper, the most intense gossip was reserved for the first lady of Gondal, Molly Hooper. On her narrow shoulders lay the burden not merely of opening the first (and therefore most important) State Ball of her brother’s reign, but of making her initial appearance directly below a portrait of the King’s Royal parents, while dressed in as close a simulacrum of her mother’s attire as an entire army of attendants could contrive. Furthermore, it was confidently expected that this same State Ball would see her engagement announced; most probably to her cousin Mr Darcy of Pemberley but (because a one-horse race is of no interest to anyone) conceivably to a) a nephew of the King of France; b) a Grand-Duke of the Holy Roman Empire; or c) any one of half a hundred Catholic lords and princes of Europe from Christiana to Valencia.
Frances’ inner natural philosopher noted that the human jaw did, indeed, drop when confronted with a statement impossible to comprehend. Lady Anthea, it seemed, found the spectacle fascinating. It was some moments before Frances regained control of her tongue.
Darcy dipped his head again. “Your disinterested generosity – given that my success at that date must have inflicted a grave disappointment upon Lord Moran, who all know to have been one of your dearest friends – is as unexpected as it is welcome. But sir, let us forget the past. Pray, tell me of Molly’s good fortune. For, even if it comes by way of a great marriage, provided her husband truly loves and esteems her, and she reciprocates, I will stand up at the wedding breakfast and wish them both happy to the depths of my heart.”
Lizzie was already moving into position to steady the startled young man. Jane, facing Mr Bingley, gave him a tremulous nod.
“There is indeed a wronged woman – a girl, in truth. Not wronged in the conventional sense but the Crown Prince and I have done her wrong, nevertheless, though it was never my intention to do so. Indeed, she may have no notion as yet that she is wronged at all.”
“Of course.” Mrs Annesley was all gracious smiles. “Colonel Fitzwilliam has always impressed upon us the importance in the Army of respecting the chain of command. Pray could you pass a message to your commanding officer? My compliments to Lieutenant Brenzaida: pray tell him we do not blame in the smallest particular for the chance-fallen delay on our journey: we propose to sit down on this rock, here, and while away our time in sketching the scene while you clear the road ahead. We shall be perfectly quiet and not contribute to his cares.”
The little priest’s brows knitted. “Oh, my child. You are wandering so alone and yet you need only stretch out your hand to be led home.”
“Even for the favourites of princes, such prize positions do not fall open often.” He frowned. “Though maybe vacancies will increase, should Moran’s way of creating them become the fashion.”
She had intended to pray for her children. For Lydia, whom she loved, most of all for her carefree appreciation of life and whose cares were so obviously about to begin, whether she married Wickham or not. For Lizzie, who believed in a just, logical world and in her father and who was therefore doomed to an eternity of trying to reconcile the unreconcilable. For Jane, who was so blissfully
For all their seeming solitude there must be bodyguards within reach. Battering her beloved’s head with a trowel would, doubtless, alarm them excessively. Elizabeth contented herself with a piercing glare. Ceremoniously, Mycroft extended his arm.
Lydia looked at her, sourly. “No reason to sound so excited about it. Nothing ever happens in Meryton.”
“One final thing, Mrs Reynolds. I learn some of the estate workers have been coming into the chapel to say prayers for Georgiana’s safety. Please let them know I am most touched by their sympathy. Matters are at such a delicate stage I dare not give them any news, but if you could arrange the chapel flowers to be a little less sombre, it may convey a sense that there is cause for hope. I thought perhaps gorse. It smells sweet, and the blooms are warm.”
“I suppose,” Darcy says, fascinated despite himself, “It’s a matter of association. Some pun on the family name, or a link to the family crest or something which is associated with the house, so you know who it comes from. Likewise for the messages.”
“What, is he coming home, and without poor Lydia? Sure he will not leave Gondal Town before he has found them. Who is to fight Wickham, and make him marry her, if he comes away?”
Behind her, she could hear her niece’s voice, raised in reproof. “Arabella, you are being absurd and risking both our lives for your prudery. And for what? We are both in our underthings, what of it? If this evening had gone as planned, the ball gown you’d have been wearing to make your curtsey to the King would show
He scanned her minutely, head to toe. Holding herself steady was the hardest thing she had ever done. She fancied she heard a note of hesitation in his voice when he spoke again.
“The men are due to be paid in four days. How would you rate our chances of avoiding outright mutiny should the men discover that, for the fifth month running, we do not have the smallest chance of doing so? And how, do you suppose, would such news be received in Castle Cavron?”
were the reason no courier had come. But no, the death of a Duke of Malham was like a great tree falling, whose wreck brings half the hillside down in ruin. Some intimation of so great a disaster must have reached Zalona, courier or no courier. Crispian would have seen Julian received the first news of any faltering in Papa’s health, let alone allowing such a catastrophe to sweep over him unannounced.
a mocking voice breathed in his ear. Ignoring his queasy conscience, he descended to the road where six of his men were standing, armed, around the largest of the coaches, the only one still standing.
If only that unspeakable Caroline Bingley and the even more unspeakable Mr Darcy had not destroyed Jane’s happiness. Jane would never marry Bingley now. A different union would shortly be upon them, for Mr Collins would return to them in the first week of January, marry Charlotte and take her away with him to his grace-and-favour house in Hunsford, the village belonging to Lady Catherine de Bourgh’s estate, there to be pawed at by his limp-fish hands and bear his children.
Sherlock snapped his fingers. “Of course. The nephew of the Earl of Ula: connexions of the Pretender on his mother’s side. Given the politics of your brother-in-law, John, I am more surprised that your niece is acquainted with this man at all than that she blames him for everything that may be going wrong in her or her sister’s life.”
any of her daughters for their half-formed, never-known brother, yet still she wondered. If she could have carried the boy to term or, say, if Jane had been John or Mary, Martin would Clarence love her still? Had Clarence ever loved her? Or had she been just the woman there, at the right time, to breed (irony piled on irony) the son to save his ancestral estates?
“If I hear her tell me – in her own voice – that she agrees to you sending her to Castle Cavron, then I shall not oppose you. But please, do your utmost and also ask Anthea to do what she can to protect her good name along the way.”
He whistled through his front teeth. “Praise indeed, ma’am. I’ve learnt to my cost how well Gondal trains her sharp-shooters.” Memory quirked the corners of his mouth. “Not just on the field of battle, either. Word to the wise, ma’am; don’t bet against Doctor Watson in any contest of marksmanship.”
you, my dear.” The heartfelt gratitude in Mycroft’s voice sent a jolt up Elizabeth’s spine, reminding her that sorcery ran in families, at least in this one.
“Is that not the King’s charge? The common good, I mean?” As Elizabeth spoke, some of the things Papa had said to her in the library came back to her and she wished the words unuttered. Miss Hooper, though, put her head on one side, as if giving the matter all due consideration.
Mrs Gardiner laughed. “And so do I. I lived in Lambton as a girl, and was terrified that I might have cried up the beauties of the district so much that my husband and Elizabeth would stare at me aghast once we arrived and accuse me of gilding the lily. But the scenery is finer even than I remembered.”
“Think of it this way. An expansion to one’s vocabulary is rarely wasted, no matter what the source.”
and her crew. Oh, yes: his noble Lordship did vouchsafe the name of the vessel, albeit only by way of a warning given for the general safety of travellers. Nonetheless, it piqued my interest to see her moored in Elbe. You should pass word to the Crown Prince, or whoever is acting as his regent. What I have seen, so can others. From now on, he should change his courier of choice.”
Once come to Gondal Town, they would first make their duty to King Ambrosine. That held no terrors for Harriet. As waves scour a sandy beach, nothing remained of that long ago might-have-been. If he even remembered the incident (why should he?) his Grace would have thrown it into a basket labelled “virtue: female, unexplained”. Arranging the audience would have been no trouble. Her brother would have made all smooth and easy. He owed her that.
“Mr Bingley,” she said breathlessly, “Mr Perry is here. Although he had a long night of it (a boy, and both doing splendidly) he could not retire to rest without he came to see how you went on. You are to be our neighbour, of course, and you will find that in this part of the country we always look to our neighbours.”
Where the gardener led them, Elizabeth had no idea. Her thoughts were in an uproar, mingling anger at her own folly at coming here, at the fates who had not let them depart ten minutes earlier, embarrassment and abject misery at what Mr Darcy must think of her. That, then, turned itself back into anger than she should even care and so the cycle started anew.
In sheer exasperation she reached again for the brandy-glass. “Whatever possessed you to invite the creature here?”
“Brock, I shall not ride Sultan today. Saddle me Zenobia, instead. Mr Bingley has errands in Meryton and I shall accompany him. Let’s give that leg a compress and then time to rest.”
"Sir, by the oath of my calling and by the dedicated blood of my heart, I shall not disparage those set in –”
“She was an admirable chess player, especially for a girl and for one so young. That is a two-edged blade. Her skill is doubtless a family trait and King James plays chess with human lives. Nor have I ever heard of his being bested.”
had been the inner meaning of his secret smile, when he had given Lestrade his instructions for the Pentecost fair.
To conceal her expression, she looked down at the floor. The polished wood was as familiar as her own skin. There was the never-smoothed dent where Kitty had managed to overset a stone urn and nearly crushed her foot in the process. That darker patch was from an unsuccessful experiment in walnut-oil polish. The Duplessis family had mapped its history onto the house, yet when Papa died, she and her sisters would no longer have any right to enter it. Footnotes, indeed. Had the Crown Princess taken her last look at the Palace in Gondal Town in a similar spirit?
That risk was, fortunately, averted once the dowager in question’s family discovered that the gaieties of the season had left their great-aunt quite done up, necessitating an early retirement from Gondal Town to the shores of Aspin Water to recruit herself.
“So I believe. But I see no reason to doubt King Ambrosine’s belief – evident from his actions – that the second girl was also compromised. But she or her brother must have told the King of their concerns, and that shows no small degree of courage. Or of integrity. It is never easy to bring bad news to kings, especially bad news which includes a confession of fault. Though King Ambrosine mellowed in his latter days, I do not fancy he would have been minded to show mercy, not on that topic, not at that time. My wife, should she hope to take the throne of Gondal, will need to know who among the high nobility can be trusted to put integrity above interest. Here we have a fire-tested example of that very thing. And, piquing my curiosity to a high degree, the brother is mentioned in John’s niece’s letter and by no means in a good light.”
“Well, her aunt Lady Catherine would surely wear such honours with far more befitting pomp. Such a shy, mousy creature –” Belatedly, Elizabeth realised she was on the brink of a precipice of indiscretion. “At least, so my mother always told me. Miss Hooper lived at Netherfield as a child, did you know? Her harpischord playing made a considerable impression on Mama – not, I’m afraid, a favourable one. You know how my sister Mary plays? Well, I cannot tell you how often I have heard, ‘La, child, you give me the head-ache. You remind me of little mousy Miss Hooper, before your sister Jane was born. How we all suffered through ‘tinkly-tink, plonkety-plonk’ – aye, accurate to the note, but with less spirit than a Mohammedan doctor’s teething water.’”
Ignoring the hint, Molly whisked upstairs to change into her walking dress. Then, she dismissed her tiring maid. Having made sure no-one marked her movements, she took a swift route to the attics. Long ago, a lonely and overlooked little girl had made herself a private den in a far corner of those gloomy lumber-rooms. The trunk she had brought from Netherfield, deemed too shabby for the grand apartments below, served as seat and table and treasure chest, tucked behind a rampart of old-fashioned, broken furniture. The dust on the trunk’s lid showed that no-one had ventured up here in years, perhaps not since that little girl had grown up and set aside childish things.
He had not been to Gondal Town for two years or more, but officers passing through the transit camp (few stayed at Deadholm Barracks: it was not a coveted posting) had dropped hints which chilled the blood. A forgetful old dowager had automatically added the words, “and the Princess Charis, may the Lord bless her and keep her in grace” after the prayers for the King in Mass one day and by nightfall been under house arrest. Those who had served under Colonel Abruzzi whispered details of his so-called “duel” which had not been allowed to become public knowledge. Abruzzi’s successor seemed himself to have dropped out of circulation. Mess nights had become almost sober, with each man eyeing his neighbour and wondering to whom he truly reported.
“Our separateness is also our strength; a three-legged stool is not easily overset. But should two of the legs combine, whether by conquest or by the merging of two lines of descent, it matters not for these purposes, then the kingdoms as a whole would be weakened. Marrying Charis to the Crown Prince of Gaaldine may have seemed a prudent course to King Ambrosine at the time, but it proved a most signal set-back to the Modernist party. Many who would have supported Charis on her own merits could not countenance Gondal becoming a mere province of Gaaldine should Prince Sherlock succeed his brother. King Mycroft married with a child of his own would bring many back to the Modernist fold. Provided, that is, his new bride came from neither Gondal nor Angria.”
More than either Mr Darcy or Miss Bingley, though, she blamed the King. The King who, like Mr Collins, would be nobody if the law were not set against women inheriting any semblance of power. The King whose relationship with Mr Darcy had puffed the latter up with so much pride that he could not bear for his friend to be connected to a girl from a minor family of country gentry, whose grandfather was a physician and whose uncle was a country attorney.
“I have not. That sounds delightful. But I was wondering – as you know, my uncle is at present in Gaaldine, and the landward routes are shut for the winter. I wish to send Uncle John a letter and hoped it might be possible to contrive to send it by sea. Could you enquire, when you reach Hunsford, and let me know if you have been able to send it?”
There was no hope of rescue. She and Wickham were alone in the drawing room at Longbourn. The offended Mr Collins (what could the man have been thinking, to propose marriage on less than three days acquaintance?) had bustled off with the thinnest of possible excuses about seeing Miss Lucas had taken no chill at the ball. After that scene in the drawing-room, Mama was prostrate in her bedchamber, decanter to hand. Papa had retreated to his study. Jane was at church. Her other sisters had decided to walk over to Aunt Phillips, doubtless to transmit the gossip while it was still fresh.
“One of them has kin in Gaaldine. In the highest circles in Gaaldine, at that. Not as safe as it could be, that, with war rumours running faster than the gossips’ tongues at a shotgun wedding. And however many pairs of ears listening for any wheat that might be flying amid the chaff.”
Solitary and dull his current position might be; nonetheless the Earl surveyed the forecourt of his townhouse with gratification not unmixed with a rueful calculation of what the massed outdoor cressets and the brilliant candle-light spilling from the windows was currently costing him in oil and beeswax. He consoled himself that though he must keep the cressets burning to aid early returners (himself, primarily: the rest of the party could keep it up until dawn, and doubtless would) he could order the servants to douse the candles in the public rooms once their party for the Palace had departed.
The commander gulped, then nodded. “That bears the impression of something left within the last day or so. Sir.”
“Well, don’t dawdle, man. Bring them in at once. Now. This instant. And have James and Frank assist their people in fetching their baggage and righting the carriage.”
Gently as it might be expressed, it was a dismissal, albeit a very welcome one. As Elizabeth wandered along the quays and across the sunlit squares of the little town, she amused herself by reflecting on the capriciousness rank lent its possessors: first for Molly to insist on having a companion for her sketching expedition, secondly that the companion must be Elizabeth rather than Charlotte and then finally to pack Elizabeth off to her own devices as soon as they arrived. A thought struck her and she laughed out loud.
Molly recalled her dog Tybalt: a small, indomitable creature, into whose soft fur she had wept so many bitter tears as an orphaned child. Tybalt had never backed down from a challenge, no matter what the size of the other dog. Were it her last act on earth, she would not fall short of Tybalt’s standards.
says, Lady Abruzzi’s husband was foully murdered at the hand of the man who then took over his regiment. I owe my life to Colonel Abruzzi. I was the greenest and youngest of ensigns; he, a new-minted captain. We found ourselves in a tight spot and I would have died there had it not been for his resolution and tactical genius.”
“On the contrary, I am almost finished. At our ages, sir, a woman gives up thinking of her own beauty.”
