would be. “Not even for money, I think I’d rather starve. Wouldn’t be the first time.”
“Yes. I was lucky enough to only have a mild case. I tested positive last week after I felt the symptoms for a few days, I didn’t have a hospital stay.”
Dean shook his head and pulled back on the road. “He doesn’t look so good.” Dean stole a glance at Nick who was staring out the window.
“Hi, baby. Have I told you how friggin amazing you are today?” Dean slides his hands up to Cas’ hips and kisses again.
Dean grins, because he honestly can’t think of a better way to ring in the new year, pre
Dean smiled sadly. The thought of Cas’ light going out at all made him ache somewhere deep in his chest that he hadn’t known existed until he’d come face to face with his angel. “I promise. And if that happens, I’ll be right behind you. This world holds nothing for me if you’re not in it.” He kissed him softly.
“I’m not fallin’ for it, babe.” Dean smiled smugly, proud of himself for not taking the bait.
Dean sighed, Nick was about to flip. “He asked for a ride.”
Being late isn’t a new thing, but walking in to a new person takes Dean by surprise. He’s heard of Cas — thanks to Charlie — but he didn’t expect him to be so damn fine, and he definitely didn’t expect those blue eyes. All the girls rush him for hugs but he keeps his eyes on Cas and makes his way over as soon as he’s free, reaching out a hand. “Hey. I’m Dean.”
He shifted his weight as Cas wrapped his legs around him, bringing his hand down to line himself up and carefully nudging in.
Dean sent him a text, knowing damn well he shouldn’t.
Dean wanted to hold hands, and it was clear as day he was saying these things just for Cas.
Cas pulls off, gasping for air and licking the little bit of come from his lips as he shimmies forward, jacking off over Dean’s body. “Can I come on you?”
Dean pulled back, “Let me take care of you, Cas.”
“No… I mean yeah, but I don’t care either way.”
“Oh god, Cas.” Dean’s hand slides through Cas’ messy bed head and he ruts up to get deeper.
This isolation crap has us losing our minds. I mean, even
Every part of him wants to ask Dean to finish that sentence, but he can’t get the words out. He doesn’t know if he ever will, but what he does know… is that he doesn’t ever want this to stop.
“Both, probably... but yes. Porn. You’d said…” He pauses as Dean sits up straighter, and suddenly, Cas wonders if he should lie.
than graffiti. It was your eyes, and the way you looked after Nick when you were barely able to look after yourself. Your attitude and passion when most people in your situation would fucking give up. I saw something in you worth saving, Cas, and you don’t get to sit there and fucking tell me I didn’t.”
Cas hummed, “How low on your stomach?”
Cas jerked away, then was annoyed with himself. He never showed Dean fear, which made Dean startling him in a damn coffee shop almost embarrassing. But he knew Alec had been sitting too close, and his Devil wouldn’t like that...
Not many things surprised Dean anymore, but when Carmen offered a round two to that weird little blind-folded sort-of threesome, he was at least taken aback. He figured it was a one-time deal, kinda
Dean is laying there, tubes down his throat with machines filling the silence. He’s laying there, but he isn’t there.
Dean didn't respond. He was asleep in seconds and didn't move a muscle the entire night. When he woke up, the phone was still on his cheek and his head was pounding. He was
Cas moved in closer, “how? I mean, by who?”
It wasn’t even worth it, the girl only wanted to sleep with him to say she did, and he was drunk enough to go along with it.
“Maybe you’re so drunk it looks like I’m drunk?” Cas made an adorable face when he shrugged, not that Dean would admit it. “Guess we’ll never know.”
that Castiel feels like he lets you down... though not unaffected by it. Are you able to share with Castiel why it’s clicking so solidly right now despite it being a point of contention in your relationship? I know it’s hard for you to verbalize emotions, but I think it’s really important for him to understand why it’s hitting you so hard at this moment.” She offers him a sympathetic smile and rests her hands on her lap, showing Dean that he has the undivided attention of the room.
Both things commanded Dean’s attention, but curiosity won out over the growing boner in his pajamas. “Toy, huh? Let’s go with door number two then.”
He thought to himself.
“I know. Enjoy your weekend, and send the reports on Monday. Oh, and Castiel…”
Cas looked at the wall, smiling at its potential. “Yup, perfect as it could get. Can I start tomorrow? It needs a day to dry.” He looked down at his went pants, “I do too unfortunately.”
When he unfolds the letter, a smaller one falls out onto his lap and he picks it up;
Dean couldn’t stop smiling if someone paid him. “He said he’s proud of me and loves me.” He felt the emotions bubbling up in his chest at the weight of those words. Why they waited until now to creep up on him was annoying, but he felt better when he felt Cas’ hand grip his.
“What?” Dean asked innocently. “Can’t a guy smile without getting the third degree?”
He decided to go out and talk to Dean, since the walls of his room were already closing in. “Can we go by my house for clothes and shit?” He asked, jumping up and sitting on Dean’s kitchen counter.
“Cas, I don’t think we have them...” Dean’s heart sank. They’d left the bunker thinking they’d be coming right back, they hadn’t packed their clothes. It wasn’t even a laundry day. The thought that he might have to deny Cas his last and final wish was too much for Dean, and he desperately began searching the bag he knew was devoid of blue panties.
Dean squirms and grips the fabric against his thighs. “Shit... uh, okay. I can do that.”
“Up the stairs, second door to your left. Sofa pulls out, unlike me.” Benny grabbed the angel again and yanked him back down, and just like that… Dean was forgotten.
“We don’t have one.” Nick said. Cas had promised to keep his mouth shut and was
. Dean’s inner monologue has to ruin all the fun.
to be Dean’s good boy, if it was the last thing he ever did.
Cas watched him strip before doing the same, “I meant to ask that day but I was a little distracted.” They hadn’t spoken of that drop yet and Cas didn’t want to.
at another woman again. She has it
“And how would you guys
“Cause I’m awesome,” Dean states and eats some more bacon. “Not gonna complain though. You can spoil me any day.”
Dean didn’t even notice he was sitting in his car, grinning at his phone like an idiot until his neighbor honked at him and waved.
"Assume away," Cas rushes out, gripping Dean's hand and yanking him toward the door. Maybe all the blood is pooling in the
long. “See if you can find out where the ex is.”
But it was too late in his mind to back off now, he’d just end up looking like an asshole afraid to get blown by a dude. It was starting to feel a whole lot like gay chicken instead of just regular chicken, and he found himself having all kinds of bizarre, inappropriate questions because of it.
By the time they were released Cas was restless and fidgeting nonstop. “Cassie, get it together.” Nick whispered as they exited the police station. “You’re acting like you need a fucking fix. How many are you taking a day?” He pulled Cas’ arm.
working.” Cas pulled out and started the drive to Dean’s apartment. “What’s wrong with it anyway?”
“She will be here in a bit. She had a date with that one chick. Where’s Cole?” Cas looked around the empty living room.
The voices in Dean’s head were screaming at him to go back out to his car and wait. He was already drawing more attention to himself than he wanted to, and Cas
usually aren’t far behind.”
Cas wanted to try champagne.
Cas tried to grip something,
as good covered in David’s blood as he did Jones’, he
Dean realized he
“Thanks.” Cas groaned. “Did Dean bring me home?” He was trying to piece together the night before.
Dean closed his fist around Cas’ throat before he could think about breaking his own rule and killing him without blood. His own eyes took on a wild glint as he squeezed, no longer attempting to control but attempting to kill. He was aware that Cas’ legs tightened around his waist and pulled him in further, he
“Because I’m working Cas, and you’re drunk. Not to mention I’ve arrested you. Don’t make me arrest you again Cas, where is Nick?” Dean’s facade was cracking, as much as he tried to fight it, Cas was breaking through.
“God, you’re delicious!” He sucked in the head greedily.
“But that isn’t why I want to help you, or at least it’s not the only reason. I want to help you because I really like you. You’re…” Dean glanced over at Cas and sighed, he was definitely asleep this time. “I don’t know what I’m doing Cas.” Dean ran a hand down his face again and closed his eyes with another sigh. “What the fuck am I doing?”
“So good. Wanna hear you…” Dean heard Cas move the phone, and could tell when he was put on speaker.
“Glad you both made the game. Hey, Cas.” He let them go and checked out their school pride outfits. He’d honestly never seen Cas in color.
got louder before a kill. He leaned almost bored against the hood of his car as he waited for Castiel to arrive.
Dean thought to himself,
After a month, Cas was ready to get back out there. But this time, Cas needed something
Dean shrugged. “He’s comin’ later too, you’re kinda early. Not that I’m complaining at all.” He interlocked their fingers and kissed his hand. “Dad’s workin’ until 7 and then he’s grillin’ up those burgers.”
“I think you want what I want.” Dean said bluntly and Cas, again, wasn’t surprised.
His dick hardened under the table and he dug his palm into the head until it passed. He finished eating and paid, tipping the lucky little twink before getting back in his car and heading to the first bar on his list. He walked in and sat down, avoiding eye contact with the bartender as he ordered a whiskey and scanned the crowd for his next conquest.
innocent.”
It became hard to stay still, so Dean rolled his hips slowly, groaning into Cas’ mouth. He steadily began fucking into him faster, his dirty, calloused hand twisting over Cas’ length.
so sure he’d never get another chance, he’d have been content with the frottage tipping him over the edge. Even still, the bolts of pleasure coursing through him each time the glans of Cas’ cock brushed against his frenulum made it a tough call.
“Whatever, call me when you’re ready to be fun again.” Meg stopped following him and turned away.
He nodded once, and the similarities between them started piling up in his head. The dungeon, the demeanor, the sadism. The urge to overpower. It was that specific similarity that led him down the current path he was on. “How bout you whip me anyway and we skip the dumbass nicknames, huh? My life is full of enough of those as it is.” He grabbed his bag off the floor and turned back toward him, keeping his eyes away from Cas. “Lead the way.”
Nick shoved him harder, “Fuck you Cas. I waited until you stopped that time but don’t fucking tempt me.” His threat held no merit, Cas’ art was his livelihood and one day would get them off the streets. Nick had to sell weed to make ends meet but sometimes Cas was able to sell their art to the tattoo shop. Their last resort was stealing. Something they both knew how to do well since a
“So… you want me to shove it in
Charlie came up behind him, blowing one of those annoying party favors in his ear. The papery material hit him in the side of the head and he turned to swat it away, laughing. “You’re an assbutt.”
She gave that knowing look she gives when she has something to say but won’t say it. “Not all jocks are the same, Cas.”
Cas pulled off his jacket and shirt but kept on his lacey blue thong and walked towards the cross, his cock throbbing hard at Dean’s question. He made sure his perfect ass was in the light as he dusted off the cross, not looking back at Dean but knowing he was watching. “Yes, Sir. I’m so hard for you it hurts.” Castiel palmed himself again and moaned. “Want you to choke me against this fucking cross before you even slide that cock inside my prepped hole.”
Nick smiled to himself as he pocketed his phone and got back to work. Maybe those idiots would work it out on their own after all.
Dean drifted off to sleep with Cas in his arms and the voices in his head nothing more than a distant choir. The following morning, he woke up before Cas and decided to let him sleep. He got dressed, taking their laundry to the laundromat down the street and then picked up a couple of burner phones and some breakfast on the way back. When he returned, Cas was awake. He tossed him one of the phones and the bag of food and doubled back to the car to get the laundry. He set everything down and started eating. “Sleep okay?”
Dean decided it didn’t matter what she thought, he’d come this far and he owed Cas at least this much. He googled variations of the phrase
“Am I? You didn’t say a time.” He blushed and averted her gaze. “I showered and ate, didn’t have anything else going on.”
Cas was pliant and it was his turn to whisper Dean’s name like a prayer. His cock was hard and bouncing in front of him but he wasn’t touching it yet, it felt like he was just enjoying the ride, which fueled Dean to make it one he’d never forget.
“Dean... you fill me so fucking good.” He clenched and had to remind himself to breathe. “Your dick was made for this ass. Fuck me like you missed me.” Cas braced against the door and tossed his head back.
“Not yet. And... yeah. Just sex.”
womanizers, and Dean had never shown any signs that he was any different. Not that Cas watched him very closely.
"—Six months."
For a moment, all Dean can do is huff into his neck. He’s riding a high he doesn’t ever want to come down from, and more than that, he doesn’t want to pull out. He’d live and die right here in this spot if it were possible, and the way Cas is smiling into the void tells Dean he feels the exact same. “Yeah, holy shit is pretty damn accurate.”
He pulled Dean off of him by the hair and hauled him up, kissing him and squeezing his ass. “I think we’ll leave these on, hm?”
Three days later, while sitting on his couch, Dean got a text from Nick.
“Conquest? I like it. And who knows, he’s playing hard to get.” Cas set his phone aside.
mess it was, before clearing his throat and pulling back onto the road. “Where am I goin’? I don’t know shit about this town.”
time they fucked.
Dean had a feeling Cas was doing
That one took Dean a long time to respond to. Cas stared at his phone as the three dots appeared and disappeared and when a simple:
Before he realized what was happening, Cas jumped on his lap and rutted against his crotch. “Tell me not to hold back.”
Suddenly, Sammy isn’t so hungry anymore. Now Gabe is yelling, “You don’t peel the foreskin Sammykins! You caress it. With your tongue.” Insert creepy 70’s porn wink here.
has to want it though Dean.”
still breathin’ should tell you that you’re important.”
he could chill at home in his hot dog pants and jack off. At least with the latter, he knew his hand would treat him right.
The pizza arrived, and no Cas. Not only that, he wasn’t answering his cell phone. “Dean, your pacing isn’t helping. Just sit and eat the pizza, it’s already cold.”
Dean was worried this would happen. Cas was either hallucinating or about to have a night terror and Dean wasn’t sure which would be worse for him menatally. He reached out to move Cas’ hair off his clammy forehead and sighed. Dean wasn’t sure why, but he began to hum a lullaby his mom used to sing him and play with Cas’ unruly hair.
Cas faced Dean. “What took you so long?” He asked, turning his face away again to take a drink of coffee.
“Damn, Cas.” Dean bit his lip and smirked, his eyes dropping down to Cas’ dick. “That hard for me already?”
For one, solitary heartbeat, Cas regrets offering himself up first. He wants to sink inside of Dean so badly it’s almost an obsession, but he can wait. He wants this, too. “So take it… and next time, I’ll take you.”
his first time. But Cas knew he could handle it.
Dean stayed buried inside of Cas, thrusting weakly until his cock softened and slid out on its own. He pressed a gentle kiss to the newest mark he’d left on his angel and turned to face Mr. Jones, who was awake. He walked naked over to him and knelt down by his face, roughly gripping his hair to make the man look at him. “What you just saw, there?
— so much more.”
"I'm Sam Winchester, I'll be helping represent you." He held out a hand to shake, and Nick looked at him suspiciously.
was a fucking accident when he was trying really hard to come. He’d closed his eyes tightly and pictured the only man that could help him: Dean.
Dean ran a hand through his hair, “He painted that wall so amazing, people want to pay him. Why would I lie? If he had a warrant, don’t you think he would be in jail right now or some other officers would have come looking? I’m just trying to help the guy, look for yourself.” Dean pulled out his phone. It didn’t take long for him to find what he was looking for and he handed it to Nick, “Swipe right, you’ll see screenshots of emails from
“Couple of weeks? Dean, it’s a mandatory 30 day quarantine, it’s more than a couple of weeks. This virus is no joke, and uh… speaking of that…” Charlie trailed off, and the tone of her voice had him more nervous than anything else.
One morning, Dean wakes up at noon.
“Ah!” He cried out in pleasure. “Yeah... yes... Castiel. Fuck! Right there.” Dean’s head rolled back and Cas could see his flushed cheeks and slack mouth.
David clinked his glass against Castiel’s with a slight nod and set it down without drinking. “You?”
"Yeah, bet he would. Poor guy was bitching about how he never gets laid." He bounced his knee and pulled out his phone, knowing he was damn near out of time to make his move and not having a damn clue how to go about it.
Dean leaned down and kissed his initials, oddly calm. “You’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, and I’m honored that you’re mine.” He looked into those breathtaking cerulean eyes and held steady. “Don’t be afraid, Cas. I’ll make it quick, and I won’t be far behind you.”
Dean didn’t have time to argue with him. He stopped the car at the checkpoint and a greasy looking cop knocked on Dean’s window with a nightstick. He rolled his window down and tried with everything in him to remain calm. “What’s goin’ on, Officer? You need me to take a breathalyzer or something?”
I didn’t do shit but cancel a recording on some stupid documentary about the ocean. Let me add - he’s seen it!
Then went to grill up some burgers. It was a nice distraction that made the apartment smell amazing, and when he sat down to eat, he opened his phone to a new message and nearly choked.
Dean froze, his arms locking around Cas’ back as the enormity of those words sank into his toes. They’d never said it, it wasn’t like Dean hadn’t known he loved Cas, or that Cas loved him, but they’d never
The woman looked put out by the anticlimactic turn of events and turned back to her tea. Dean took that as a green light and led Cas out of the coffee shop with a hand firmly on the small of his back. When they were clear of the doors and the prying ears, he turned to face him, dropping the long-lost boyfriend act. “Do you have food at your apartment?”
Dean got uncharacteristically nervous as he wrapped his arms around Cas to hold him in his lap. For the first time in his life, he understood what it was like to have something worth losing. “Come back to me, Cas. You hear me?”
Cas’ mind is sluggish, but he recognizes that something is changing with them. As he flicks his tongue playfully across Dean’s bottom lip, he realizes with a jolt that he got off without an excess of lube
Dean laughed so hard he coughed, “I haven’t laughed that hard in a while.” They set his bag of food on the counter and Jo stood up.
“Now you do.” Cas lapped at Dean’s leaking tip and moaned, sliding Dean inside before he could respond.
the psycho this man accused him of being. Of being cruel and broken enough to beat an innocent man to death in his grandmother’s living room, simply for pointing out that Cas deserved better.
He squirmed on the bed, not sure what the fuck he was supposed to do with his hands
Dean rubbed his jaw and looked around the room. It was a mess,
Dean wasn't proud of what happened next, but when Carmen was taking a shower after work that night, he snatched her phone from the kitchen counter to get Cas' number. He flicked his eyes about a hundred times toward the door as he scrolled through her texts to find Cas' name, and hastily read back through the last few messages to try and get an idea of why he canceled before he texted him himself.
The walk to his room is full of shed clothing and sloppy kisses, but even though he lays Cas on his back, there’s something else he needs. “Ride me, Castiel. And then more kisses.”
Charlie smiled, “Back still to us but he’s to the left, at the bar, standing.” Dean turned to look and from behind, the dude definitely could be Cas. He was wearing some black jeans like Cas wears but it looked like he was wearing chucks and he didn’t have Cas’ messy hair but he really
friends - or Dean’s brother - was a miracle but Charlie had demanded this dinner happen and Cas was nervous. He was still new to all this stuff and hated meeting new people. He would have even been more closed off with Dean had they met under different circumstances but it seemed they skipped the formalities when Dean walked in on him riding a cock.
Dean’s been stuck inside for weeks without an end in sight. He had gotten the virus before he knew what it was and after a brief stay in a hospital, he was back home, just in time for the entire country to shut down. He hated that he was immune and
Cas was momentarily distracted after they left, he couldn’t stop trying to figure out Dean’s angle.
want to challenge him, he
Dean didn’t answer. He pulled up Cas’ Spotify and searched for his ‘Dean’s Top Seger Traxx’ playlist, then slid it back over. “I’ll read your book, you listen to that. Deal?”
Hey, we did that thing we said we’d do!
“What?” Dean opened his eyes and recognized the look on Cas’ face, which promised sex better than
had ever been able to get Cas to listen this way and releasing that control was freeing.
Cas deepened the kiss messily, moaning into his mouth. It was like nothing could interrupt them - until Dean’s stupid phone rang from the bedside table.
Dean sighed, “Look, I sent a photo of his mural around to some local businesses and a few are interested. I just want to pass on the information. do you know where he is?” Nick stared for a few seconds.
Castiel on the other hand, had a much different experience than Dean. High school was rough. Teenagers were fucking assholes and he always felt like an old soul. He knew right from wrong at a young age, and the fact that people in high school were just learning it was infuriating. Especially the fucking jocks.
Dean laughed, and it was a delicious, contagious sound. Cas grinned and turned back to his computer. “Now shut up, Krum. I’ve got work to do.”
side, he’s hooked on the same stuff you were hooked on.” Dean whisperd at the end. Charlie nodded.
Cas plasters on a look that he hopes conveys confusion, then sucks in a breath. "As you can see, we're having more issues than we thought. I didn't know he was visiting my father's grave."
the bandana that was on your face." Sam ruffled through the papers, "Castiel, right? Well, Castiel, if I were you, I'd follow Nicolas and plead guilty, purely speaking as your lawyer. The evidence is overwhelming and I will defend you to the utmost of my ability if you decide to fight it, but I feel we would lose.”
Dean dragged his nails down Cas’ back and dug them into his ass, pulling him in a little faster. “Nah, fuck that. Wreck me, Cas. I can take it.”
There was no way Cas was real. That wasn’t a thing, no one…
He let out a laugh that lit up his whole face, because that was both accurate
When they finally packed up and said their goodbyes, Dean was disappointed that Cas wasn’t on his bus. They went by stupid last names, and he hoped
Cas moved in small circles and chewed on his lip. “So fucking good. You gave up control, you do that sometimes or just for me?”
With a grunt, Cas tips his head back. "Dean... ride me. I... fuck, I wanted so much more, but I can't... can't wait..." He grips Dean's hips and lifts him up, then he sinks down without hesitation, moaning so loud the rest of the house was sure to hear.
There was some paperwork and Dean's scribbled handwriting,
The second he comes down Cas’ throat, Dean pulls Cas up and flips their positions, kissing down his body toward his throbbing cock.
Confusion spiked through Dean at Cas’ words, and all it did was wind him up further.
“No, I want you to come on me,” Cas says bluntly. He sits forward on the couch and turns very blue, very serious eyes on Dean. “Just once. You don’t have to touch me, I... I can do that myself, just... please. I...” he trails off, his voice wrecked with lust already.
“It’s—” He thinks about it and then huffs. “Wait, it’s already the 24th? How the hell am I supposed to remember the friggin date?”
“Dean…” Cas struggles with words. He’s so incredibly full he can’t believe it’s been so many months since he’s been fucked. He rolls his hips, grinding in small circles in search of every single movement that will make Dean sing. His first few bounces are experimental as he watches Dean come unglued below him.
the sarcasm in his voice was evident, “there’s a slight change of plans.” He pulled the knife out from his jacket and ran his thumb over the blade. “I’m gonna have to insist you put my angel down.
Dean’s legs bent and his toes curled, and he was suddenly very afraid
Dean had the radio up as loud as he dared in an attempt to drown out the nausea-inducing moans that fucking pig made. There was sweat coating his skin and his tongue was bleeding from biting it so hard, but he finally risked a glance over to Cas and saw him getting to his feet again.
Dean barked a laugh, he'd been thinking the same damn thing. He stripped quickly and tested the water, surprised he had any hot left at all.
and sometimes people can’t be helped. Does he seem like a guy looking for someone to save him?” She asked lightly and surprisingly without judgement.
Cas grinned and touched his face. “You’ve bottomed before, right?”
Dean’s cock twitched and he almost had to adjust himself from Cas’ dirty words. “Both of those things, but that isn’t what I think of most.”
Cole looked dumbfounded for a second and then clapped Dean on the shoulder, still in earshot of Cas. “You gonna keep him?”
“I almost did once, but... kinda chickened out. My luck, I’d leave that house with the clap.” Dean chuckles to himself and picks at the pillow. “I miss watchin’ porn, man... we need better WiFi in this hellhole.”
“Gross. No...” She looked up at him. “You mean... butt stuff, right?” Carmen literally whispered ‘butt stuff’ like it was a sin.
If it’s not Dean singin’ to Cas, idk what is.
It doesn’t take long for them to be drunk and as predicted, Cole and Bela disappear after the first game, Charlie and her two soon after. Lisa’s eyeing Dean and he knows he’s going to be pulled away soon so he takes advantage of Cas alone in the kitchen one last time. “So next year, huh? Didn’t want to meet someone and fuck the same day?” He licks his lips and stops a little closer than he should.
difficult to operate. The channel defaulted to news, and once again, they were talking about him.
Cas went to go look for the cigarettes and came back with a pack. He pulled one out and a lighter and kneeled back in front of the man, lighting it up. “Want some?” He asked the man, who attempted to spit on him, but he moved. “That was rude.” Cas offered Dean a drag and then put the cigarette out on the man’s cheek with a satisfying
What didn’t he understand about that? He ordered a drink, keeping his voice low. He knew he could get Castiel away from the man, but at what cost? He’d basically be drawing attention to himself
“Up next?” Sam sat up a little straighter and leaned forward. “You think they’ll quarantine people?”
to get Cas released early to him. Of course, Dean searched Cas’ bag the second they walked in his house, instantly finding one of Cas’ pill bottles and went straight to the bathroom to flush them with Cas right behind him, “That’s really bad for the environment you know. You’re supposed to turn them in or some shit or just let me have them so I can taper off.”
Dean pulled him down by his hips and then lifted him up, ignoring the feelings it stirred inside. “I got him.” Dean cradled Cas in his arms, close to his chest as Nick led the way, opening Cas’ bedroom door.
About to blurt out all of his life secrets, Dean looks over to Cas.
“You got me hooked, Cas. You’re perfect.”
“Dean. I need you to —
“Yes,” Cas says, dragging the lube down his shaft with slender fingers. He strokes slowly, barely paying attention to himself as he looks up at Dean. They’re so close their knees almost touch, and Dean can feel the heat radiating off him.
would remember he’d done it.
I just mean... you hate blowjobs enough you’re willing to share me with someone else. And apparently anal, too. It doesn’t seem to phase you in the slightest, and... I dunno, I guess I just never took you for the poly-friggen-amorous kind.”
“Hiya, Cas.” Dean was happy his voice sounded strong, and didn’t give away his true needy feelings inside.
Though as he gives it some more thought, he’d bet all the money in the world that she’s making Benny come as Bruce Banner, and if that’s the case…
Cas walked over to straddle Dean and stare into his eyes. “How would that make you feel?”
Dean was shocked and not all that thrilled with the turn of events, but he guessed he shouldn’t be fucking surprised. He waited until Cas peeled out of the parking lot to go back to his motel, where he managed to restrain himself from wrecking the room again. So what if he thought he’d finally found a partner just to get rejected before he even said a word? His life would go on. It fucking had to, but now... Cas just made sure someone
in every way. No one else would ever do.
“Nerds? Maybe this guy, but me? Pfft.” Dean threw a hand playfully and moved on. “Yeah, we’re ready. Bringing the beer pong table? Because you probably shouldn’t… unless you want me to kick your ass again, Seven.”
Dean shook his head, happy Lee had moved away. “Told you we broke up. And just to clarify, my position on the field is
person he’d ever seen the look on before, was Charlie.
“I don’t know like you give a fuck at all I guess. I’ve never told anyone what I just told you,
“Well I take that back. You blew my boyfriend and didn’t tell me until a week after the fact, and then you felt so bad that you told me you owed me.”
“I’m actually fine, Dean. Thank you.” He leaned in for a kiss just before Dean opened the door and they stepped inside.
Dean slowly released his grip on Cas’ hair and pulled his hands above his head as he arched his back. He squirmed, his toes curling as he felt himself get dangerously close to the edge. “Cas, I’m…”
His spent cock twitched with every thrust, and he'd have come again at the sentence Cas nearly got out if he wasn't so fucked out from the first one. It felt incredible, and he knew he'd never want anyone else. Dean wrapped his arms tight around Cas to hold him there, not wanting the moment to end. "Jesus."
“Fuck!!”
He’s met with silence until he turns around to show off that ass, and the cheers that follow boost his ego more than he ever could himself.
“I’ll be a good boy, ah fuck!” Cas grunted with each hard thrust to his prostate with a symphony of curse words escaping his lips in an inaudible whisper.
sounded cheesy, but it sure felt good.
were messes, and Jones’ broken body was the biggest mess of them all. “Go upstairs, see if you can find some bleach. It’s probably dark out now, so we’ve got
prize, and he did
As per her rules, no one is allowed to say who they’re dressing as prior to showing up, so really he doesn’t have a clue who it will be regardless. Still, he sits on his bed to check his friend’s Snapchats and waits for her response with his leg shaking.
Cas pushed Dean’s flannel off his shoulders and then rucked up his T-shirt, sliding that over his head to get a good look. Dean was all hard muscle and smooth lines, and the sight caused his mouth to water. He leaned in, flicking his tongue over one tiny nipple and dragged his nails down Dean’s back as he arched.
He uttered one last time before he leaned in to plant a final kiss on his angel’s lips, and drove the blade into his side.
“Nah… feels awesome, Cas. Fuck…” Dean groaned.
did something for him. To the untrained eye, Castiel’s reaction might not have seemed like much - but everything in Dean’s life revolved around his ability to read people. He leaned forward, his eyes narrowing but a flirty, sadistic grin plastered to his face. He lowered his voice to not be overheard. “You like that thought, angel? Your devil tearing your clothes right off your body if you tried to tell me no? Stalking you across this diner if you tried to run and
even here?” Cas asked, after a deep sigh.
“Huh?” Dean squinted at him for a moment and then realized what he must have been talking about. “Oh, my last name. Winchester. You didn’t know that?”
He made his way outside and walked around for a bit. He blended well in this
But he’s so mad at me that when I asked for a glass of water he brought me a glass of ice and said “wait” and just walked away. Definitely not getting laid tonight.
“Still not talking to me?”
The rush of hot come filling him up is almost overwhelming, and yet he fucking loves it.
Cas nodded. “That’s a shame.” Dean pulled out the portable washer and a hose, “I don’t know how to use that.” Cas held up his hands.
His eyes darken and he nods, squeezing Dean's hand. "My mother recently started dating again," he lies. "Dean and her boyfriend hit it off pretty quickly."
Dean pulls back and kisses one more time. “Let’s go.”
Their chests were heaving and it was difficult to tell whose sweat was whose. He was keenly aware of the back of Cas’ palm as it dragged through the mess on his belly in favor of splaying out on the mattress beside him. Dean pulled back half-heartedly until his softening cock left the most gorgeous body he’d ever seen.
“Get a room. Literally, and then come back before round two. We have more games but you won fair and square.”
Cas instantly complied, nearly giggling as he jumped out, his bottom lip pulled between his teeth as Dean rounded on him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looked worried now. “I don’t want to leave you. Is this the best way for me to help?”
Dean doubled down on being an idiot and snatched the phone out of her hand. “Damnit, Car. Don’t flip out on him, okay? It wasn’t his fault, it was mine. I’m the one that asked for it, cause
Told Cas I wasn’t in the mood last night. Don’t judge me but curry and anal don’t mix. Anywho, so I’m sitting in the war room, drinking my coffee and minding my own business. Suddenly a fucking
enjoy giving blowjobs for Dean, despite the fact that she’d made it
Having Dean inside him was incredible. He felt so full, so loved, so
The more minutes that ticked by, the more he started to doubt himself. By the time his phone vibrated, Dean had cleaned the rest of his mess from earlier, changed his sheets, vacuumed his room, drank
Dean didn't want him to leave. He hated that fact, but it was what it was. "Not really that sorry. You knew what I looked like, it was only fair to return the favor."
“Dude, what the fuck?” Cas held his hands out, still in shock.
This time, he didn’t hesitate to strip down or play with his dick until he started chubbing up, but he
“You don’t know? Why did you grab orange, Dean?” He tilted his head adorably.
They towel dried after the shower and Dean poured himself a glass of whiskey. “We’re gonna have to go get a burner phone tomorrow.”
“Hmm.” He took another slow, steadying sip of the amber liquid and pulled it through his teeth. “Maybe this time, I’ll just
Those were the only two things he was wanted for, sex and art. Maybe Dean was straight?
Meg was feeling it too and soon walked over with two bad decisions, one of which was gay,
One, two, three full minutes passed before he finally talked himself into it.
“Don't gotta be sorry, but I made sure he was.” He was actually pretty proud of this memory. “He was just talking shit about gay people and I told him he was stupid, so he called me gay and I punched him. Probably could have handled that much better but I was still coming to terms with what I am.”
“Fuckin’ awesome! Maybe we can get some real food tomorrow for a change.” Dean reached over and took Cas’ hand like it was the most natural thing in the world.
Dean’s eyes bored into Cas’ in a reminder of who Cas really belonged to. “Don’t do anything
“See? You don’t need me.” Dean let go and walked around him. “Can I kick your ass now?” He had such an infectious grin that Cas couldn’t help but smile.
“I’m not complaining. I get to actually wash my hands this time.” He walked over to Dean’s master bathroom and washed his hands. “Now that the cat’s out, you disappointed?” He walked back and shoved that hand towel in a backpack.
Having Dean so close was unnerving, but Cas realized all at once that he wasn’t close enough. Cas huffed and did his best to ignore Dean, focusing on the screen and honestly giving it a solid, too-many-Skittles tipsy attempt. He failed miserably, but laughed it off and went to stand next to the TV during Dean’s turn.
“Nah. You’re right. I’ve eaten gas station pie, I can’t judge.” The appalled look on Cas’ face makes him laugh. “Hey, I was stressed that day.”
He drops his head to Dean’s chest as he tries to catch his breath. He has a feeling that this time, they won’t be able to avoid talking about it — but for now, he just wants to enjoy it. “You’re incredible, Dean. You should... you should know that.”
“He texted me you know.” Dean said out of the blue and Nick turned to look at him. “It was three days ago. I should have responded.”
It’s too much and not enough all at once. He tips his head back, grunting out Dean’s name in staccato as his entire body jerks from the force of the thrusts. Even if he wanted to hold back, he can’t — he reaches down to stroke himself, so hard the contact feels amazing.
Dean shivered, but not because of anything Carmen was doing... because of the thought of
“Yes actually, I struggle with focusing on
Cas instantly kissed back with the same intensity as he buckled Dean’s pants back up for him. A manager started banging on the door, telling them to leave and Cas pulled back giggling like a little kid. “You’re going to get me kicked out of this town.”
“Charlie! What’s up?” Dean put his arm around her and she pushed it off with a giggle.
to touch your cock to get you coming all over yourself like a whore.” Dean reached behind him and planted both hands on the back of Cas’ head, holding him in place as he ground his ass against his face. He knew eventually he’d give in and let Cas take him, but old habits die hard.
He finished dressing and climbed in Dean’s car gingerly, but still had to bite his lip. His ass
“Tomorrow,” Cas agrees, planting his feet and pulling Dean down as he thrusts up. “You have a free pass today.” He wraps a hand around Dean’s cock and sends a grace pulse through it, smirking when it makes Dean jerk.
Dean still wasn’t sure if he could trust Cas or not, but he didn’t have a choice. He jogged up the stairs and out to the garage, thanking whatever higher powers shined their lights upon serial killers that Jones had a gas can that was actually full. He went back inside, rooting around in the pantry until he found a bag of salt. He took both things downstairs, dumping the salt over Jones’ body and the gas over the mattress, the body, and anything else that looked remotely flammable. He had no idea if salting a body really did anything, but his dad had told him stories as a child about murder victims coming back as ghosts to seek revenge and the only way to stop it was salt and fire. He’d done it every time he’d ever needed to actually burn a body, just in case.
By the time he woke up, it was already evening and he instantly washed up and got on his laptop. He emailed his old therapist, then caught up on the news and when he saw the latest broadcast, it felt like a bucket of ice water was poured over his entire body.
“Spoiler alert.” Cas chuckled and nodded at him, “How’s your ass, tough guy?” He tossed Dean a hand towel, “I was going to jack off with that thinking of you, but this was much better.”
you until we are ready. I never once said I wouldn’t bend you over this couch right now and fuck you so hard you forget your own name.”
asked for orange. There was a line, I didn’t think anything of it. What kind of psych class shit is going on? I didn’t sign up to be a damn college experiment.”
He brushed his thumb over Cas' cheek - there was still a nosey old lady in the corner with her eyes locked on them. “I think I got what I came here for.” He leaned down and kissed him again, this time with both hands on his angel's face. He took his time, slowly breaking the kiss and opening his eyes.
to go in - but something had been nagging at him for quite some time now and he needed an internet connection to figure it out. He figured that on his own he might not be as noticeable, so he pulled into the parking lot and shuffled inside, attempting to look as small and non-threatening as possible.
Dean.” Cas closed the distance and flinched when their cocks brushed against each other. “You have a beautiful...
“Are you sure?” he teases. “If you’re opening up to the whole of the Marvel universe, I don’t think Bucky is my best match.”
Cas bit Dean’s lip back with a grin. “Is it really just the eyes, or you love this ass too?” Cas moved his hips in a circle.
angel inside that soundproof hell with a monster - but he should have known better. Cas was resourceful and defiant, not scared of anything. The lock clicked again before he even had time to formulate a backup plan.
Cas pulled the book back toward himself with a look that was half offense, half intrigue... which was difficult to pull off. “Read the book, it’ll do you some good.”
Cas made it good. Not his best, this disgusting man didn’t deserve his best. But he was sure this was still the cops best blowjob of his life and he came in less than two minutes.
don’t care what I do.” Not that Cas actually worked, but he imagined Dean didn’t want to hear about that anyway.
on our side.” He walked over and grabbed two pairs of gloves out of his bag and tossed one to Cas. “Get dressed but turn your clothes inside out, I don’t want blood flecks falling off your clothes. As it is, it’s gonna be fucking impossible to remove every trace of us but we’ve gotta try. Put the gloves on after -
“Cute with a side of cheese. Not a bad start, I hear you live with a lesbian? I’m a sucker for redheads.” Meg winked, and Cas sighed.
Holy fuck, Cas has done porn. He’s actually done porn. Dean could feel himself getting harder — despite the fact he came less than an hour ago — and adjusted himself through his lounge pants.
hands pulling his hair or scratching him until he bled.
one with a 39 ½ foot pole. The candy project turned out to be much more boring than Dean envisaged, but he let Cas take the reins and watched him step by step. In the end, he still didn’t understand it all, but at least he found his new lab partner.
Balt nodded again, letting out an over dramatic sigh. “Of course you don’t, you’ve always been a glutton for punishment.” He waved his hand flippantly and turned on the tv. “Talk to him then, see if your... lust is requited.”
theme is still blaring out of Dean’s phone, and Cas lets his head drop back against the floor. “Someone turn on the damn lights… we’re going to be late.”
“Come with me.”
Dean looked almost scared for a second but then grinned wickedly and pressed into his hand. “Fucking
They came together and then came
Dean rushed his shower,
Two more chapters left! The finale will be posted next Friday, are you guys ready?
“Nope.” Cas walked out of the room quickly and closed his room door.
Cas bore his neck for Dean. Regardless, he still trusted him. Maybe Dean would never say certain phrases like
“My cock is definitely on board with that.” Dean clenched the base again, trying to keep some level of control over his thoughts so they could talk.
Castiel had made his way to flirt with some women. They did nothing for him, but they didn’t need to know that. Women meant purses and all he had to do was flash his eyes at them and they would eat out of the palm of his hand. He glanced over at Dean and saw he was getting to work, and couldn’t help but flash him a sly smile before going back to his conversation.
Dean shrugged, looking nervous again. “Not bad, just glad I had a chance to shower first.” He laughed a little and pulled off his jacket. “But uh... I dunno. Should we talk about this? I never really found a way to tell Carmen...”
He grabs himself a drink as Dean makes his way over, and when their gazes meet, there’s something there that Cas can’t quite pinpoint. “Hey, Buck. I’m diggin’—” Dean waves his hand and gestures to Cas’ entire body “— all of this.”
A year later, Cas still can’t eat pie. He can’t go near that coffee shop they met at. He can’t even watch certain movies or listen to certain songs that Dean quoted in their short time together; because even though a year has passed, the void in his chest isn’t filled, it never will be.
She shrugged and took a drink. “Everyone knows. I thought you did, too. You’re really shocked, huh?”
“If you say
Nick fought a smile, “Whatever you say, Officer.”
“Ah! Fuck!” Cas groaned after Dean bottomed out inside him. Fuck he was
When Cas got back to the wall later that night there was a huge envelope with his name scribbled on it duct taped to the wall.
And then, for Cas to tell him to fuck off like this didn’t mean anything to him? He was sulking, even though he’d promised Cas he wouldn’t. He should have been prepared for this, of
Cas nodded. “Teach me how.” He walked over and touched the blood, the feeling of it under his skin fascinating him.
“In a way yes. When it is completely unexpected, I still jerk away and feel the touch long after it is gone, but it isn’t
He didn’t fuck enough to be blowing their minds right now.
“Wow…” Meg paused. “I would take a photo if I cared just a little bit more.” She was teasing, but Cas could hear she was surprised at how relaxed he was in Dean’s arms.
- filling his thoughts with rage and blood and murder. There was only one path in his mind, and it was laid out in front of him as clear as the cement walkway he was now jogging over in his attempt to get to the door. The engine was still running, he hadn’t grabbed his bag... none of it mattered. His bare hands were lethal enough.
Slowly, Cas reaches down to push Dean’s pants past his ass, then runs his hands up his already-bare back. “Is that a promise?”
He stared into Cas’ eyes and nodded as much as he could with Cas’ broad hand expanding over his neck. “Only yours.” He pressed forward against Cas’ hand until their lips met and he reveled in the feeling. He stepped forward, forcing Cas backward until they were hitting the wall.
“So what? Asian Castiel would be dead too?” Cas shook his head and sighed. “We probably shouldn’t be joking, I mean that really looks like you. This is bad.”
“You ready to be someone’s bottom?” Nick pet Cas’ face to annoy him. “Yes, a pretty little thing like you.” He joked and blew mock kisses.
feel the same.
Dean releases a nervous chuckle. He’s already tasted Cas’ come, he knows he likes it, but he’s nervous he won’t be able to please him. He flicks his tongue experimentally, licking off a bead of precome with a low moan, then takes Cas in his mouth.
Of course she stared at you more. There’s also the fact that you were covered in blood. She felt you were more important to remember.” Cas touched Dean’s face. “I’m sorry. This is all my fault.”
He grilled up a couple of burgers and grabbed a bag of chips from the cupboard. “There’s beer in the fridge and whiskey on the counter, but if you’re not up for the good shit, there’s pop and water in there, too.”
“Funny, coming from the guy that got pissed off and almost walked away from me when I wanted to take eight seconds to actually talk to him.” He raised his eyebrows, knowing damn well Cas wouldn’t be able to handle the truth. “And I guess it just depends on what you wanna know, honestly. If you’re lookin’ for me to somehow morph into boyfriend material, you’re better off just savin’ your breath. What you see is pretty much what you get.”
Temptation burned through Dean’s skin, specifically in his pants as his cock chubbed slightly.
that sound was amazing... and Cas just
The flavor of Castiel Novak nearly sends him over but he manages to hold off a few more moments, watching him as he blissfully spears himself on Dean’s cock. He loses his battle when he licks his lips and tastes more come, and after he pins Cas to fill him up once again, Dean collapses back with a sated grunt. “Why haven’t we been doin’ this all along? Friggin’ amazing.”
. This wasn't Dean, he could never be Dean. Cas decided not to call him Dean anymore, not even in his head. “Alright you convinced me sweetheart, you got any lube?” Cas pulled out a condom from his pocket and slid it on as,
“Is that you granting me permission to blame you? Cause, thanks.” Dean peeled off the paper and shoved half of it in his mouth, ignoring the crumbs that fell down his shirt.
The thought of having Dean inside of him again has him building quickly — ignoring the fact that he just had it a couple of hours ago. “Dean, I—” he moves his hand faster, grunting as he starts to come. He pulls back and angles to cover Dean's length, then strokes him a few times to spread it around before lifting his hips. “Please...”
else we’re done okay? This can’t become about the law at any point in time. I just want my brother healthy.”
that pretty cop.
Cas kissed up his neck to his mouth. “You can fuck me, next time.” Then he lapped inside of Dean’s mouth for a messy kiss, as he unbuckled Dean’s jeans.
“You heard me, Cas. I’m every bit as much yours as you are mine, and you have no idea what you’ve done for me.” Dean’s fingertip traced his initials. “If you don’t want to, I get it.”
Has Ketch mentioned her Professor kink? 🤣
“I know, Dean. I know.” There was no denying it anymore, Castiel Novak was unequivocally in love with Dean Winchester.
Dean’s muscles flexed through his shirt as he controlled how quickly Eric went down. His warning to Cas to not go too fast went unheard over the sound of Eric screaming. “Cas, grab me something to shut him up, he screams like a bitch.”
Too many hookups had gone wrong over the years, and to be honest, he was sick and tired of them.
“Hell yeah.” Dean plopped down and grinned. “If I woulda known this would get you over here, I woulda had Charlie cut off your internet months ago.”
be getting a second date now. Our eyes locked and he jumped up and walked over, his date looked completely taken aback by it but followed him. I tried to wave him off, saying I had somewhere to be and he demanded I speak to him. When he grabbed my arm I yelled at him to let go, and someone walking by tried to help. His date also tried to interfere, and Michael became hostile. He shoved the bystander off and told his date to back up, all while still gripping my arm so I punched him. He hit me back much faster than expected, but he’ll definitely have a black eye tomorrow.” Cas took a deep breath and waited for Dean to respond.
wouldn’t go out. It suddenly occurred to him that nothing he could
There was one person he
“Possibly, but don't push it. What did you dress up as?”
Cas nodded. “Well first, he bound me and when I asked him to loosen them, he laughed. Then he burned me with his cigarette because I said I wouldn’t scream. He tried to get me off, but I couldn’t… because it wasn’t you. No matter how hard I tried to picture you,
Cas grins, not worried about it in the slightest. “Oh, really?” he asks playfully. “How on earth will I cope with such an adorable thing?”
He was so distracted he didn’t notice the tall man who entered the coffee shop, making David’s entire body stiff and stare down into his empty cup. “You okay?” He asked, not that he really cared.
Having learned his lesson a long time ago, Dean pulled a small bottle of lube from the table by the couch as Cas stripped the rest of the way. By the time Dean was naked too, he was so hard he couldn’t see straight. “Turn around.”
Cas nodded and made his way into the motel. He walked to the bathroom to assess all the damage. David’s ex was bigger than Cas, but Cas was faster so he didn’t do half the damage he would have been able to do if Cas hadn’t been in his fair share of fights. He took off his shirt and saw light bruising on his body. “Can I cut this one too?”
experience. Hate to break it to you though, must have faulty tear ducts or somethin’. Haven’t shed a single one since I was nine.”
“Yeah??” Cas growled, shoving Dean down on the bed and straddling him. “Did it make you jealous? Seeing him get hard for me?”
He would ride his devil one day,
Cas shook his head, slightly serious for a second before going back to his normal carefree self. “What can I say, you’re irresistible.”
He laid down next to Dean, not bothering with clothes yet. “We should find you one too, baby. We could set them up together and both have one to play with before we skip town.”
“Damnit, Dean, weren’t you the one that said to be quiet?” Cas’ free hand gripped the back of his neck and pulled him in, kissing him and falling backward until Dean’s cock slipped free and he had to brace himself to stop from crushing Cas.
different. Probably because he’s pan.”
When Dean returns he instantly knows Charlie didn’t listen, the man has his back to Dean again, except he’s hovering over their damn table.
fucking confident in himself that he didn’t care how people saw him? And why did Cas just keep getting more confused the more he got to know Dean?
“Really?” Cas grinned at him. “I figured you’d want to be able to boss the others around.”
Baby steps?
Cas’ eyes traveled down and he reached a hand out to touch. “May I?”
The realization had him shoving his phone back in his pocket and making his way home. He didn’t respond because he didn't know what to say. Why was he feeling this way? Why did he find himself thinking of Dean so much? Dean was a guy… Cas wasn’t gay.
“Clever, Dean. Really clever.” He leans in to kiss him, then pushes him down onto the couch and sits next to him. “Just for that, don't let him have sweets. The last thing he needs is sugar.”
“Yeah... we should. Would you feel more comfortable sticking to bj’s?”
Nick stared at Dean again, “Listen, that’s my baby brother, my
“Feels that good, huh? Go ‘head, Cas. Touch yourself... show me how much you love my dick.” Dean pulls Cas back and starts fucking into him, peeking around his body to watch him jack off. “So... fucking hot.”
His eyes fell on the heavily tattooed back of a man with inky black sex hair and a cock in each hand, who was bouncing up and down on…
“Thank you for sharing that with me.” Cas touched his cheek softly and smiled when Dean smiled.
Cas leaned down and crashed their mouths together for a sloppy, fiery kiss.
“Of course I did. I want you so bad.” Cas leaned in and bit Dean’s neck. “Fuck me.”
the world is gonna look like when we step outside tomorrow.”
Cas nods, not saying anything as he plucks a pair of hot pink ones out of the back of his drawer. He slides them on, then rubs his face as he turns to make his way to the bedside table. “What’d we do with the lube?”
The discharge paperwork took a couple hours and Dean still had to use his
Dean closed his eyes. On one hand, killing this guy made him a hypocrite. But on the other? Cas was
Cas groaned and fucked into Dean’s fist. “Bite me and find out.”
“That’s huge, Dean. I’m proud of you, too. I…” Cas stopped himself, “and how does it make you feel?”
Cas rolled his eyes, “Fuck that guy. Can we go?” Cas moved his legs, only to discover his catheter, “What the fuck did they do to my dick!?”
“We should,” Cas agrees, and before he can stop himself, he moves his hands and leans down to kiss Dean.
He went to his usual coffee joint and flirted with the barista. “Back again?” Alec asked with a smile.
He hoped introducing them to Meg at the same time might help the awkwardness - since she was weirder than Cas - and he was relieved she was free that day, even
Cas didn’t text for a few days, each day leaving Dean more irritable. He couldn’t understand why he wanted to talk to this,
“Wait.” Cas squinted, the nervousness changing to something else. “You... knew?”
“He got those almost by accident.”
“Thanks. So... what ya readin’?” Dean looked down at his worn book and nodded.
and then went to bed in each other’s arms. Before he dozed off, Cas was smiling. “If this is what good boys get, I don’t wanna be bad.”
moment to open the now unguarded door. Dean’s eyes were closed in sheer fucking bliss, but he heard the exclamation of the man. Part of him hoped it was the waiter, so he’d see his old toy on his knees, eagerly licking up every drop of come that leaked from Dean.
Dean’s mood was in the gutter. It’s not like he hadn’t known there would be bad days, but he didn’t realize how jarring it would be to have all physical contact cut off after they’d been joined at the
Dean knew he shouldn’t send this text, it was too…
Who were they? The answer isn’t as complicated as you might think. Dean Winchester was just a boy too young and scared to be a hero, who ultimately saw himself become the villain. And Castiel Novak, a bright young man outcast by the very people that were genetically programmed to love him simply for choosing his own path to happiness.
Jokes on him though. I looked up my own list and showed Cas that there’s a game called “Seven Minutes In Heaven”. Looks like Gabe is gonna get to wear those assless chaps again.
The gasp Cas releases makes his stomach sink all over, knowing they’re both thinking of the exact same thing. “Hot dogs,” he whispers, and Dean just nods sadly.
“Mmm, comfy.” Cas mumbled. “Goodnight Dean.”
“How do we do that?” Dean asks curiously, absolutely intrigued. “Like take turns?”
the audience.” He pulled back, smirking to cover the fact that he absolutely, definitely just chickened out and then said the dumbest fucking thing he could have possibly said. “Where’s your remote?”
Dean never cared about the level of pain he caused someone and was relatively relieved to know that Cas wouldn’t be an exception to
Cas nodded quickly, “Okay. Let’s go.” He reached to grab Dean’s hand.
Castiel laughed coldly and pushed Derek back a step. “I’m just an angel.”
Gabe made his own version of pigs in a blanket. Yes. I know, we’re all scared. He used ham instead of pastry dough or whatever the hell people use.
Cas pulled back slightly and felt even more nervous than before. “Dean… I think I need to come out.”
It was hard to keep away, Dean would find himself driving on autopilot towards Cas’ mural when on patrol and have to snap out of it and turn down a different street. He would even drive Cas’ surrounding neighborhoods hoping he would see Cas, while simultaneously hoping he
More fluff with a fluff ball.
Sam grinned. “See? So, instead of talking to me about him, just go talk to him. Sweep him off his feet, you’re Dean fucking Winchester. Take him his favorite snack, or... or his favorite drink. Just something small. Tell him you were thinking about him and you miss him, and you’re wondering if he’s got plans on... whatever day you’re free. I don’t know, Dean. I don’t exactly have a lot of experience with this.”
“Yup.” Dean shimmies around Cas and heads for the stairs. “Wanna order pizza tonight, or did you get full from all that come?”
If he’d have just done that this morning... maybe Jesse would still be alive. Dean’s hand wrapped around his angel’s cock and formed a tight fist but held steady, letting Cas’ own movements cause the pulsing, strained cock to slide in and out of his hand. “Fuck, your ass feels good.”
That helps his ego, and he pushes in further, testing out how much his throat can handle. He gags for only a second, but quickly relaxes, letting Cas own him in every way.
Cas was instantly compliant into the kiss. He normally liked to take that control for himself but releasing it and allowing this beautiful man to
but I can also see he’s
He steps in and closes the door carefully behind him. After taking a deep breath, he shoves his pants down and hopes that tells Dean exactly what he’s there for. “Get your lube.”
Cas maneuvered to straddle Dean in his seat. “Yeah? You’re mine now, Dean? Or… I have permission to wear your blood.” Cas didn’t
Dean bit down on Cas’ shoulder as he came with a grunt, Cas joined him, covering both of their hands and his own stomach.
************
He reverted back to his old pattern, not breaking his protocols for a second. He’d never let himself get out of control again. The light in this man’s eyes
Dean parked across the street with a grin, Cas was up on a ladder looking like he was the damn art. He was wearing the outfit Dean arrested him in, complete with the bandana. Dean would never admit to how many times he jacked off to this exact look on Cas, his fantasies always included Cas wearing this outfit, fucking Dean against the wall of his painting, sometimes Dean was fucking Cas, sometimes the paint was wet and they both were covered in it at the end. All depended on Dean’s mood.
“Are you dinner? Cause fuck the food. I had a Tic Tac yesterday.” He walks up behind Cas and presses his already hardening erection between his cheeks, his hand snaking around to rub Cas’ crotch. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous, Cas.”
“Yeah, right. Your face is what’s going to make this easier on everyone, in case you haven’t noticed, you’re easy on the eyes.” Cas grinned. “In any case, you make me feel braver.”
Prep takes longer with help, especially with how gentle Dean is being, but by the time he’s leaking with desperation, he can’t take it anymore. Cas shoves him backwards and straddles his lap. “I need you, Dean.”
“He knows he’s unforgettable, little shit makes it his life mission. I will though, and uhh... yeah. Thanks... you didn’t have to do this and you did, so...” Nick trailed off, clearly not accustomed to actual gratitude.
The problem with that was that Dean Winchester was over 6 ft tall and looked like he’d grown up on a farm, despite the fact that the truth was quite the opposite. He had a slightly feral look in his eyes that never quite went away, and more often than not people took enough notice to steer clear unless he was intentionally trying to charm them. Today was one of those days.
on Cas’ ass. “I almost wrecked my car. That wasn’t a very
Cas nodded enthusiastically. He felt nearly desperate for Dean’s cock. “Fuck... been hard for… what, four months now.
“No, no. I’m staying here in pajamas with you and we’re going to polish off that pie and drink whiskey.”
Fuck them for using his life to make them seem innocent. He suddenly wished he could show up there and scare the fuck out of them. He isn’t sure he could actually kill them, but Dean could. Cas pushed those thoughts aside, there was no time for that.
He couldn’t shake Dean from his mind and found himself browsing custom T-Shirt sites. Their first conversation always played back in his mind, and he still wondered what his shirt would say. What exactly did Dean see in Cas now that he knew him?
Totally unrelated… nobody give Cas any sardine oil.
“Cas, are you going to OD again?”
Cas closed his eyes and sighed,
accent was making Cas cringe. “What’s going on, cher? Talk to me.” He stood in front of him and Cas glanced up to meet his eyes.
He tried to recover, sucking in a steadying breath and turning his back to Dean again, this time attempting to actually play the game. With Dean’s hands sliding down his arms to cover his hands and guiding him, he actually hit a hole-in-one.
soft, and just long enough for Dean to get a decent grip as Cas drew a moan from him. “Hell, bite me all you want, just not my cock and don’t leave marks.”
When Dean’s body went slack and pliant, Cas slowed, taking long draws in and out as he peppered kisses over his gorgeous skin. “You’re perfect, Dean. Every inch of you, and now you’re
He keeps it careful and steady, keeping up a stream of quiet praises as he stretches Dean open. It takes so long their stomachs growl from hunger, but neither does a damned thing about it.
right?”
sober.” Dean pointed at his uniform, “I’m working. Why are you here? Are you alone?”
Dean grins and rolls his hips again, baring his neck a little for Cas. “Good. But first... how ‘bout you give me some more of that Christmas spirit?”
He threw himself at Jesse, wrestling him to the ground onto his stomach and straddled his back. He grabbed a fistful of Jesse’s hair and yanked his head back before smashing his face against the hardwood floor. “Funny thing about angels... is that the
is amazing.” He gripped Dean’s hand and lifted it to his throat. “Close your eyes. Picture the blood... can you see it? Fuck me while you think of it.” He pushed back to shove Dean in further.
He looked over at her brothers, not giving a fuck about them and actually hoping they wanted a fight.
“Michael.” Dean froze. He’d kill him, he’d find him, wherever he was and- “He’s in jail now. Everything is okay.” Cas hugged Dean, comforting
“Damn... I thought I got out of that one.“
wingwoman.
Dean grinned behind Cas and wrapped his large, calloused hand around Cas’ wrists. He leaned forward a bit throwing his weight into the grip. “Can you move?” He slid three fingers back into Cas just to make him squirm.
After a week of flirting, random photo sharing and constant talking, Dean decided it was time to just go for it and send his damn face. Maybe Cas was nervous to send an actual selfie too, because Dean sure was, but their chemistry was already off the damn charts and if he didn’t get a real photo soon he was going to end up jacking off to that pancake photo. He laid back on the couch and took a selfie, pretending to sleep.
“Remember what we’ve discussed?” He tilted his head and she smiled warmly. “About how you don’t have to understand everything,
“Don't call me bird or I will take all this back in five seconds.” With a dramatic eye roll, Cas got out of the car and inhaled a deep breath.
Dean’s mumbled agreement is nearly inaudible as he slides his tongue into Cas’ mouth and ruts forward. It takes them a few minutes to part again, and this time, Dean sets him down. “Don’t wanna assume anything but if you’re thinkin’ what I’m thinkin’... I have a big backseat.”
--------
"Speak, Carmen." He pulled the sheet over his waist, wondering how the hell he was supposed to get in the mood to get her off now, when all he wanted to do was take a nap and ignore what just happened.
look you got in ‘em as you were spinning that blade in your hand. I could practically see your mind working, trying to figure out the best way to cut him.” Dean’s cock chubbed at the memory and he yanked on Cas’ hair, tilting his head back and raking his teeth over Cas’ jaw.
One swipe of that damn thing had Dean chubbing up, dude or not. He ran his hand up Carmen’s side and slowly spread his legs further.
Dean can tell when Cas is close, his eyes were closed, his chest was rising and falling as his hand sped up. Dean licked his lips and his body wanted to reach out but his mind kept him frozen in place. With a voice that didn’t sound like his, Dean spoke for the first time since Cas started jacking off. “Cas…” Cas’ eyes shot open and locked with Dean’s again, his bottom lip between his teeth. “Cas, come for me.”
This is it, Cas is ruined for anyone else. And they're just getting started.
Date number four, Dean stripped him down to those blue panties and circled him like a predator. “Kneel.”
“You named our guinea pig
Cas would have loved to stay asleep but mother nature had other plans. He rolled over with a groan, already feeling the soreness in his ass as he sat up and went to use the bathroom.
Cas smiles softly and kisses him again. "I know, Dean. Right now, you don't have to say it." He rolls off, hurriedly taking off his pants as Dean does the same and grabs a condom and some lube. Cas climbs back on a little too eagerly. "I... had some fun with myself earlier, I should still be pretty open," he admits with a blush.
“Me too, don’t stop.” Cas was breathing hard and the mere thought that Cas was just as turned on as he was, had Dean racing to the finish line. “Dean… come with me. Gonna… fuck!”
“Fuck, Cas. I can hear it, so hot.”
“I don't know why I love you so much,” Cas laments, but finds himself stripping right there in front of all of them. It's better than getting on his knees and sucking an alien cock like he wants to at the moment — like he always does anytime Dean is naked in his vicinity, but at least it's not always glowing.
Dean is haunted by the Angel that escaped...
So, enter the guinea pig. He’d tossed around different gift ideas, but this stinky little creature seemed to be the perfect fit - it would give Cas something of his own over at Dean’s other than the drawer full of panties and a toothbrush, and it would remind Cas that Dean actually listened to him when he spoke.
Cas grunted as Dean fucked him hard, his body still pinned to the door and he was sure anyone who walked by would hear.
Cas answered the phone, sounding tired but awake enough. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean stamped hard on the man’s bleeding ankle and heard the bone snap under his boot. The man screamed, and Dean took the opportunity to force him flat on his stomach. In a few quick movements, he had the man the rest of the way undressed. He picked up the rope and tied his arms and legs together behind his back with one knot. “That’s your blade, angel. But I warn you... don’t kill him before I’m ready. If you don’t know how to use that thing or where to cut him, it’s better if you just watch this time.”
“Look I was eight. I had a thing for glasses. Don’t judge.”
He turned his eyes back to his drink, wondering if Cas would notice him without being prompted.
“Oh, you’re stuck with me now.” Cas chuckles, kissing Dean properly, and it brings a smile to Dean’s face.
Cas tried to respond but he couldn’t, there were no words for this moment. Dean was fucking him
Cas had scoped the town for an hour or so. It was small enough that not a lot of businesses had cameras, which would definitely work in their favor. When he finally met up with David, coffee actually sounded amazing. He sent Dean a quick text letting him know he was there and then gave David all of his attention.
I’m getting distracted, back to Sam’s new trials. Which if you saw his face, you’d believe were worse than his
That was the most honest answer he could give. He felt like it was the end, felt like this was goodbye… but he hoped he was wrong. And, the state of the actual world was a concern on his mind as well. You can’t just quarantine 7 billion people and expect things to pick up exactly as they had been, so what was different about this? He knew, to the depths of his being, that life as he knew it was over.
“Um... why?” Carmen asked and then scoffed. “Dean, I was calling to apologize.”
blue could hope to compare to Castiel Novak’s, but hey, a guy could dream.
on their faces, because he decided to take it easy. “Fine, get some rest. But don’t think for one moment those Knights are going to take it easy on you this Friday. We have two days to get ready, so
“Again, it’s not a half bad idea to keep the place. But there’s a very real possibility I fucked up and I’m gonna get caught. I let my emotions rule way too fuckin’ much of what I’ve done in the last six months.”
“Would do anything for you, though.” He slid his finger in further and began working him open. “Doing okay there, handsome?”
normal. But regardless, it felt like something neither of them had experienced before.
“Not at all,” Cas says simply, bringing the glass to his lips and watching with amusement. “Are
It's equal parts uncomfortable as hell and fucking amazing, and as Cas pulls off with a greedy pop, he knows he wants to start doing that on a much more frequent basis. "That was exactly what I wanted, Dean. Better, even. Thank you." He kisses back up Dean's frame until their lips meet, and Dean’s strong arms wrap around him.
Cas groaned as Dean filled him up and his legs shook when he turned around. He whimpered at the loss of Dean’s cock but his mouth instantly helped.
“Cas…” Dean bottoms out, humping him as he empties, and Cas swears he comes again, too.
them? No, that was something Dean wanted all to himself. He gripped the base of his cock and tilted his head, smiling at Cas through the darkness. “You gonna at least put your mouth on it first? Get me so slick I just
He called Benny, who answered quickly. “Well, I’ll be. Haven’t heard from you in a minute, brother.”
Hey look, more fluff.
So when Michael tried to wrap himself around Cas and get comfortable, Cas cleared his throat. “Michael, baby, that was great… but I need to go back to my own room.” He was happy he at least had a clear enough head not to invite Michael to
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, if it was... I’d have gotten off already.” He wiggled his ass, turning his head to fix Cas with a playful yet smug expression. “What’s your plan to hold me down, angel? You might be the one about to put your cock inside of me, but I bet I’ll still be the one fucking
bleed a little more than usual for a bit.”
He didn’t even get off.
They have a few more hours with him before he begins to stiffen and it’s time to say goodbye to the most stunning shell ever created.
Cole released a long frustrated sigh and tried to sit up straighter. “Not pills… well… it was
Dean sent the eye roll emoji and wasn’t surprised Cas didn’t respond right away. He reread their messages and caught something he missed while they were bantering.
“Well, your dad is the one asking, dickhead,” Cole laughed, and it was Dean’s turn to blush.
“Need a lift?” Dean called out the window, laughing at Nick’s hesitance. “Not in the back genius, I can tell you’re going to see Cas. I just came from there, let me give you a ride.”
“Drink, douchebags. Cas is mine now.”
Later that night, they laid on Baby’s hood listening to Dean’s Seger mix and staring up at the clear sky. It was a cool night and even though Cas brought out a blanket, they still had to cuddle close to keep warm. “So... How does it feel, Cas? You’re out.”
But he was also too damn annoyed to give Dean that satisfaction. He didn’t know why he cared, or why he felt like Dean was fucking with him but Cas… well, he didn’t like the word no and Dean was about to find out why
brown I would have been crucified on that cross huh?” Cas said in a joking tone.
Instead, Dean just shrugs.
Cas followed, not wanting to be around that. “Where’s my present?” He asked in a cute voice.
“Yeah, you can say that.” Cas repeated like the last time, knowing Dean would understand. “Except that
“Good boy, Dean. Breathe for me, you're still so tight.” He slides a hand down Dean’s spine until his broad hand closes around his neck. Powerful hips snap, and Dean’s shoulders dip further into the mattress each time until he's suffocating in the best of ways.
She shook her head, her eyes fixated on Dean’s mouth. “They’re my brothers.” Rose decided to raise the stakes and offered Dean another prize. “Kick their asses and you’ll also get a kiss from me. Maybe more.” She winked and moved aside.
Castiel was sitting about a foot away from Dean and tilted his head, “What are you talking about?” He asked, having no clue his world was about to be turned upside down.
“Sir, I’m going to need you to come with me. You’re wanted for questioning about the disappearance of two local males.” Dean managed to keep his face straight as the guy looked at Cas and waved goodbye, leaving the bar entirely.
The rubble is heartbreaking.
“Hell yeah... maybe without a seatbelt in my ass? I’ll switch sometimes, but not with one of those.” Dean starts kissing down his neck and sucks a small reminder of their backseat fun. “Just stay the night. We just got shrunk in there, we deserve cuddles.”
“You think someone would spend a thousand on
John looked up at the ceiling and muttered something about moving out. “Just save it for when I’m at work, and stay safe.” He ducked back out to check on the burgers, and Charlie walked over.
“Bomb, right?” Charlie nodded and took a huge bite. “We should just skip school and watch Lord of the Rings.”
When Cas pulled off, Dean dropped back to lay on the bed, breathing heavily. “Fuck. Yeah, you can do that any goddamn time you want.”
“They’re probably awake already. The sun came up like twenty minutes ago.” Cas put on his boots and grabbed his cellphone, even though they had no signal.
G2G. Duty calls.
Cas loved the sound of that and leaned in, flicking his tongue across his sensitive cock. “Good.”
The walk up to the door was done in a haze as guilt pooled in his stomach. Nick opened the door before Dean could even knock.
that at the moment, but nodded anyway, knowing he’d be raising all kinds of red flags if he said no.
Dean nearly trips as he turns down her hallway, and once they’re finally alone, he kicks the door closed and sets him down. “Now I’m torn between fucking you in this hot ass costume, and — never mind, I need to see all of you.”
“You’re my home.” Cas stated simply. “I’ve never had a home before, or felt so safe. You make my life have meaning Dean, don’t you feel it too?”
And then he said his name.
“Cas…” Dean whispered and kissed down his neck.
“Oh, Dean...” Cas moans, his pupils blown. He strokes faster, flicking his eyes repeatedly from Dean’s own to his hand.
The man started crying in earnest when Cas twisted the blade, rocking uselessly back and forth on his torso which only made the blade dig in deeper. Dean nodded his awestruck approval. “Yes, angel. But be careful, the human body can only take so much before he’ll pass out from the pain, and we don’t want that, do we? We want him awake for this.” Dean got up and searched for the man’s collection of toys. “Did he tear you, Cas? When he fucked you dry, did he tear your perfect little hole?”
“Tonight? Why tonight?”
. He wouldn’t say they ‘made love’, but it was as close to it as Castiel has ever gotten. Or maybe it
He had to force himself
“Erm… yeah.” Cas felt himself blush and couldn’t help but laugh at whatever was going on in his chest.
Cas grinned, “Sure thing, Dean.”
Cas jerks a little and nods, wrapping his thumb and pointer finger around the base of his cock and squeezing forward until he cleans the come off. He holds out his hand, but stops shy of actually touching Dean. “Can I?”
“I don’t know, but if I had to guess, I’d say yes. It was the
Dean growled, a low and possessive sound. “You knew I would. I told you I would.” His hands clutched tight to Cas’ hip bones and urged him to move a little faster. “Is it fucked up I’d rather watch someone fuck you than kiss you?”
Jesse to live. “I don’t hurt Cas unless he asks me to. You, on the other hand…” Dean bit his tongue hard and tilted his head toward Cas. “Get in the fucking car. We’re leaving.”
As it was, by the time he got to his house he was running stupid late and didn’t even have time to shower before Cas was supposed to arrive. He put the groceries and lube away in a hurry and looked down at his dirty hands and jeans, just as Cas knocked.
gonna stop and trust me, I’ll just bring you in again. But let me give you some advice, keep your mouth shut. The older guys aren't as nice as me and the women are even worse. Have a nice day in court." Dean turned to walk away with a sigh.
“Yeah. Sorry she slapped you. Was it right here?” He kissed his cheekbone. “Or right here?” He kissed his jaw.
“Castiel!” Dean leaned in and bit his shoulder hard as he came, the rusty tang of Cas’ blood hitting the air and his tongue. He kept thrusting, milking himself dry inside of the angel that changed everything. Cas threw his head back in bliss, coming hard on the shower wall as soon as Dean’s teeth locked onto him.
Dean thought to himself. “Fuck.” He sighed and made his way back to the living room.
“That a bad thing? I thought everyone wanted to be a Gryffindor?”
“Cas... fuck... I— comin’!” Dean slams in with a growl, filling up his perfect tight hole.
“Jealous, Dean? Maybe you should ask me yourself next time, before someone else does.” Cas tilted his head at the pissed off expression on Dean’s face. “Come on, Dean. Don’t be Ron Weasley, I’m not particularly fond of
as he scooped his bag up from the floor and made his way over to the door. “Tell Gad and Balt I said ‘see ya,’ alright?”
“Dean!” Cas said kind of loudly, and Dean shushed him again as he bit his earlobe.
I hope this helps with some of the... sadness caused in the last chapter.
Nick looked down at it but didn’t reach for it, “You still frisked him?”
“Blue.” Dean leaned back to watch. “Matches your eyes.”
The holidays flew by, and since it was both of their first Christmas with a boyfriend, they went all out on cheesy gifts and traditions - complete with matching pajama pants.
He rolled onto his back and grinned at the ceiling, glad Cas couldn’t see him. “That was fast. You got some kinda blowjob secretary?”
His tone is almost normal, as if they are talking about weather or art. Except they aren’t, they are talking about
He knows he looks completely fucked out, his hair is matted to his forehead, his mouth is slack and the noises… Castiel’s noises have his neighbors signing the cross but nothing else matters. All that matters is Dean. He feels so incredibly close to him in this moment that he has a passing thought of what this might mean for them, but he doesn’t dwell long, because Dean’s hands are now rubbing his thighs, making their way towards his leaking cock.
“Uh...” Dean looks over at Cas and awkwardly takes his hand, then lets go. “His eyes.”
From the way she was slowly backing away from him and whispering under her breath like she was praying to some higher power that didn’t give a damn about her, Dean was pretty fucking sure she knew.
expect that. “I actually wish I’d seen that.” Cas reached down to adjust himself.
Cas groaned as he fixed his pants, not even cleaning off the come. “Good. And I
either. Weren’t fit to take your place.” Dean moved his thumb, pressing down on Cas’ tongue and pulling down until his mouth was hanging open. “No one could ever take your place.”
. He was momentarily thrown off his game before he convinced himself that Dean was just down to fuck.
“Ah shit, I was gonna say it first.” Dean blushed and kissed him again. “I love you, too. You have no idea how happy that just made me. Fuck... I love you. This is the best birthday ever and I’m not pulling out of this ass until you force me.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I didn’t mean to put you in a position where you were gonna lose a friendship, close or not.” Dean pulled Cas back up into his lap and wrapped his arms around him. “I didn’t expect any of this, honestly.”
“I didn't want to deal with drunk people.” Cas laughed and then sighed. “Guess you don't count.”
So, when Charlie insists that he comes to her annual ‘Santa’s Lay’ party, he's cautiously optimistic. An annual party means a tradition he's not yet a part of, but that's okay. He's got this. How bad can it be?
“Fucking — you’re fucking psychos!” the man gasped out, and Dean had to give him credit... he still wasn’t crying.
“Look, Hermione. I’m too drained for your overachieving bullshit.”
Plus, I’m eighteen now, dipshit.” Cole mumbled, hardly able to keep his eyes open.
Cas nodded and went back to eat his breakfast. Dean was everything he needed, maybe the world wouldn’t understand what they had, but
But this time, Alec went on break and sat with him. He had seen that bodies were being found, all young, handsome, men with dark hair and blue eyes, Alec just wanted to know if Castiel was being careful.
Dean’s cheeks flushed and he tipped his head back to chug his beer for a moment while he steeled his nerves. He didn’t know if what he was about to ask was rude or inappropriate, or really a good way to put it at all, so he just… went for it. “Where’s the uh… where’s the line between liking how something feels and being gay?”
They exit the bathroom to less cheers this time, but Cas barely notices. He somehow managed to land Dean Winchester, and beyond just a single night. No one else in this house even exists.
Cas scoffed. “How do you think I survived as a teenager on the street? Yeah I did the other stuff but I was
The cop walked over and eyed Dean, “I’m sorry, was that your boyfriend? You fell in love with a whore? Bad choice, son. Go on now.” He obnoxiously adjusted his cock and took a step back.
“Unresolved sexual tension can often lead to bitterness.”
him already.
Dean looks between then and chews slowly. “You never care about my plans unless there’s a case. You got one?”
“Well, it’s not like she’s never seen me naked.” Cas flicked his eyes to Dean’s mouth and then looked straight ahead. “So... Have you told your dad yet?”
Dean’s face is unreadable as he starts rummaging around the small makeshift bar, and when he finally turns back around he has two shots for them. “At least you didn’t have to wear a wig, right?”
Dean shook his head, "If he weren't trying to be street, he’d go far. Anyway, I don't like to gossip. Just know I have no plans to fuck or be fucked if that is what you’re trying to ask.”
Jack, and we just have a drink?”
Cas groaned and thrust into his fist. “Yes, Dean.” He flipped the bacon and set the tongs aside.
Dean thought the entire thing was incredibly stupid and risky for no reason, but when Cas kissed him, he was reminded of how powerless he really was here. He’d let Cas do whatever the hell he wanted in order to keep him around. He rested his forehead against Cas’ chest and nodded. “Yeah, angel. I’ll come for you. I’ll
got hard for you.” He bit down, sucking a dark bruise into the side of Cas’ throat. “I can’t blame him, I thought I was gonna come in my damn pants watching you make him bleed.”
For some reason, that line sent a shiver up Cas’ spine and he instantly
you here?”
in every sense and Cas was helpless to get away. The kicker was, he didn’t want to. Dean pounding his ass was exactly what Cas needed and wanted, and it had him hurtling towards the finish line. “You’re gonna... ah. Make... me come,” he managed to grunt out.
Dean lets him lead until the cool air hits their cheeks and then he tugs him in the direction of his Impala. As much as he normally loves showing her off and watching people’s expressions when they first meet his car, it isn’t even a blip on his radar at this moment. He unlocks her and tugs the backseat door open, grabbing Cas’ ass while he kneels inside.
Cas blinked. “While I appreciate that, I wasn’t asking you why you were treating my body like your own personal buffet. I was asking why you were still wearing
almost followed him.
The shiver that went down his spine was unreal. Cas blinked, feeling the urge to...
After two more weeks went by with no sign of Castiel, Dean took it upon himself to look up their address. They both used an address of a home belonging to a Chuck Novak,
Dean grimaced, glancing at it again. “Yeah. That’s kinda gross, honestly.”
Charlie grabbed a cupcake and held it out to cheers. “Forever alone squad,” she joked, and Cas feared she was right.
“Yeah?“ She bit her lip and blushed. “We should just... move in together, so I can have it all the time.”
Cas is slowly getting there...
Dean did a gallic shrug hoping to get a smile out of Cas and was pleased to see those plump lips twitch slightly. “You mentioned keeping me busy?” Cas glanced at Dean’s mouth and Dean laughed for the first time all day.
All the anger Castiel was feeling deflated from his chest. He wasn't angry at Dean, he was angry at himself. Angry at the fact that he was so damn afraid of being himself. Why did he care? Why should he care what people think of him, especially in stupid high school? “No. You didn’t. I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas took a step forward.
Just before he hit three weeks without seeing or talking to Cas, he texted.
to do with the delicious screams of a doomed man.
slow before Cas finally texted back.
cookies
Cas walked over and opened it without peaking first. “Hello, Dean.” He grinned, “What’s in the bag?” What he really wanted to ask was,
to come out eventually, right? Dean was his ride. He could wait him out, take what he wanted from the man once they were safely out of sight.
.” Charlie sighed, “I just worry about you Dean. You want to help
He settled back down, absolutely unwilling to move now that he had that tiny spark of hope. He fell asleep again quickly, much easier than he had the night before. When he opened his eyes again though, Cas was gone.
natural. These fingers were made to be together. Castiel smiled over at Dean. “Real food sounds amazing.”
Dean’s had his fair share of withdrawing perpetrators and they
“Yes. Are you going to make me do it alone?” Cas tilted his head with a small frown.
Twenty minutes later, Dean was knocking on his door. Cas walked over and yanked the door open with a grin. “Hello, Dean.” He waved his hand inside, closing the door behind him. “How was work?”
noise before pouring them down the toilet. “Nice try.”
“Enemy? You’re a legal tattoo artist, with a pill problem. You’re not even on his radar.” Cas started to put his earbuds back in.
Dean rolled up to the station and led them inside, before they parted he gave Cas some advice, “I know you're
The first time he smells that cologne on another man, he stops breathing and instantly hates him. He hates that man for wearing that cologne, for walking around, for being alive when Dean is not.
The sounds coming from Cas had Dean fucking wrecked in minutes. His hand sped up expertly as he brought them close to the edge and then slowed down again.
Cas chuckled and wrote it down, glancing over at Dean with a look he couldn’t pinpoint. “It’s called Candy Chromatography. Chromatography is one of the most widely used methods for separating a mixture of chemicals. It should be able to separate an existing dye in the coatings and reveal hidden dyes. So in the end, we should know if the dyes in either Skittles or M&M’s are pure or if they are a mixture of two or more other dyes.”
of phone sex. Castiel even talked Dean off once through texting, while on video call meeting for work. As soon as it ended, Cas called Dean just so he could hear Cas’ arousal and listen to him come. He explained to Dean that the camera and microphone were off and he’s basically just there to
“Shit, I was gonna say the same to you. That started as the best hand job I ever had, and turned into the best...
Cas stood and met Dean’s eyes. “Yes. I want to wear his blood while I ride you.”
“Like a regular size bag. Fun size being sober and king size being hammered. M’like a regular size bag. I can show you.”
Tossing his head back with an obnoxious cackle, Dean pulls him back in and presses their foreheads together. “Course you are. I love how possessive you are of me.”
A chapter full of cliches, not sorry.
Castiel slid his tongue across his lips, watching Dean like prey and when their eyes locked, Cas’ cock twitched in his jeans, making them feel tighter. Like the asshole he is, he doesn’t hide it. He palmed his semi, still watching Dean’s face, vaguely aware that Dean hadn’t said a word in over a minute.
“Coming to get you out of the house. You just sitting here drawing?” Meg picked up the sketch pad on the table and checked out the skull he was working on. “I’ll need this for my binder Cas, people would go crazy for this one.”
“I’m downtown.”
Cas didn’t hang David on the meat hook. Instead, he hung his tied hands on it so he couldn’t lower them and cut off his clothes, leaving him completely exposed.
He sighed, he should have known getting away from Michael wouldn’t be that easy. He was sure Benny would want his bed back at some point as well but it was fine, Michael only came once and nothing put a man to sleep faster than multiple orgasms. “Want me to leave you with a going away present?”
compared to kissing Dean. They made out a while, and Cas started to wonder if he was ready for the next step. They were official now, and he’d be lying if he didn’t admit to thinking of Dean while he jacked off.
Castiel’s body was so responsive to him that Dean nearly unraveled in that parking lot. If he was like that just from a kiss he only threw half his effort into, what was he going to be like during sex? After? Would Castiel’s pale skin jump under his blade, like his very cells were trying to escape? Would he shake as the warm blood coated his chest, his back, his ass fucked raw by Dean? It was difficult to tell much of anything except for the fact that
“I just want to help.” Dean got out of the car before Nick could say anything else and made his way to the door. Nick followed suit.
“Just for that you don’t get a shake.” Dean closed the door and made his way inside.
He went outside to breathe once the walls began to close in and walked for hours, he didn’t even flirt with anyone. That was how he knew he was just depressed. But after week two, he became pissed at himself. Why was he moping around because Dean was gone? Dean was hardly ever there anyway. If you combined the time they’ve spent together, it was probably less than five hours. So, why did Castiel feel this... void?
A devilish smile played cross Dean’s lips as he pulled out his phone and texted Cas.
When Dean realized Cas was actually coming again, he yanked his body back by his hair and wrapped his other hand around his throat. “Twice, angel?” The words came out much less menacing than he’d hoped, because the second he had Cas’ body upright and flushed with his, he saw the mess they’d made all over his car. Instead of pissing him off, it untethered something primal in Dean and he came
He spurts a laugh, then pulls up his favorite site on his laptop. “I’m pretty sure it only counts as homo if we touch, Dean... but ultimately, it’s whatever you think it is.” He messes with the settings until the site mirrors to the tv screen. At least this way, they won’t have to hover so close to each other to see it.
“Yes, thank you.” And he was. Dean always made him feel better.
“Yeah, well... you did.” Dean leaned in and kissed Cas, pulling their hips together and biting his lip.
“Gross, no thanks. Just give me a little warning and I’ll go on a walk or something.” Dean shrugged him off and went to find food. He didn’t know where Cas had set up his tent with Charlie, so it felt like a good time to explore.
“All yours.” He slams inside, bottoming out with a groan as his hands roam along Cas’ bare skin, his lips ghosting kisses along his back and neck. “Feel so good... fuck.” Dean pulls out and slams back in as his nails dig into Cas’ hips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean smirked, the pissy expression finally giving way to something better. “Didn’t that ginger little shit bag the girl in the end?”
“Dean.” Cas forced his gaze up to meet his. “I only said I will not
ago.” He leaned in and kissed Dean. Slow and unsure at first and the flame grew with each passing second.
He would leave and not come back for months, if he came back at all. And why would he? Cas was just a whore, and with a personality as strong as Dean’s… his devil could have anyone. He could barely stand to be around himself most of the time, how could he ever expect anyone -
Once the spell was broken, Cas jumped up to leave. “I... just remembered, I told my mom I’d be back by dark. I need to go, I’ll... talk to you later.” He dashed off, not looking back - Dean’s beanie still on his head.
He didn’t want to touch any part of the car that he didn’t absolutely have to, so they drove in silence until Cas seemed to take the hint and turned the radio on. Music always calmed Dean, but today? At that moment, when the carefully constructed prisms in his mind were shattering? Not even Zeppelin was helping.
his burger. “Save room for pie.” Dean said, before taking a bite of his own burger.
Been on my own since I was 17 because I loved cock and I’m really just passing through. You haven’t told me your name, what am I supposed to call you?” Cas gave Dean what he thought was little to no information about him but really, it was more than enough.
"Fuck." Cas groans, it's unfair how beautiful Dean really is — and he braces himself for another embarrassingly quick orgasm. No way he lasts that long with Dean's mouth on him. "So gorgeous, Dean. Please..." He grips his cock at the base and pushes it forward, toward that enticing mouth.
“I dunno... you got like... pink ones?” Dean asks, shoving his boxers down and tossing them off.
Dean groans, his hips bucking forward and Cas doesn’t miss the shocked look upon his face. Of course he’s shocked. Cas made him wait. Dean assumed he was getting some inexperienced virgin, scared of a cock, not Castiel, cock enthusiast.
The pain spiking into his thighs caught him off guard.
They mumbled their agreement and Dean’s eyes swept the house for Cas. He didn’t see him, and assumed he was probably hiding in his room to avoid the awkward goodbye. He looked up toward the ceiling and said quietly, “So glad to meet you, Angeles.” He licked his lips and let out a steadying breath through his nose, then walked out the door.
Dean instantly responds, flipping their positions and lifting Cas up by his thighs. He pulls back to whisper Cas’ name and dives back in, desire and lust vibrating every inch of his skin.
And lube. He bought enough lube for an elephant to fuck a grasshopper, which might’ve been overkill… but better to have too much than not enough.
the devil.” He thrusted deep into Cas’ mouth, hissing as teeth grazed his shaft but it didn't slow him down.
generous tipper. He’s never came in with a
After some more drinks and impromptu drop in’s from Cas, Charlie began to understand. “Okay, I see the appeal, he’s hot, fun, and charming,
Cas groaned, his cock hard in his jeans and he rutted against Dean. “What will you do when he kisses me and grips my hips?” Cas knew he was pushing Dean but he was too turned on to care.
“And…” Cas paused again, probably trying to find the right words, “what are you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
cock.” His eyes hungrily traveled over Cas’ body. “And then you couldn’t wait to get out of that bar to somewhere secluded enough that you could allow a complete stranger to fuck the
Dean shifts a little uncomfortably. “I can go with you. Just... sit somewhere else?” That would be breaking his own rule about not being seen more than necessary, but he didn’t entirely want to be away from Cas either.
drunk. I can tell. How many skittles, Dean? Be honest.”
Dean didn't reply. Technically Cas hadn't lied to him just now, but Dean knew. He
Dean gripped the steering wheel so tightly he thought his knuckles would snap under the pressure. It was broad fucking daylight and they were in too public of a spot for Dean to be able to do a goddamned thing to help his angel. He’d never felt more helpless or disgusted in his life, but in that moment he knew Cas was their only shot at getting out of this alive, free and together.
Another quick change of clothes later, they head in and take their seats. “So, Dean. You've now seen Led Zeppelin live. No one else your age can say that. Was it everything you'd hoped?”
Dean kissed back with the same intensity, neither of them caring about the damn dinner anymore.
Cas grinned against his beer and set it down. “Psychopaths huh? Crazy ex?” Cas held out his bottle for cheers. “I know all about those.” He thinks of Dean, the only difference being that he
go home.
Lisa chuckles and squeezes his dick, making him flinch and laugh nervously. “Well, if he would stop making me wait, I wouldn’t have to just take it. Come on, Dean. Maybe I’ll even tie you up this time.”
Cas was torn with how to feel. Part of him was nervous, even that first night in the church, the Devil hadn’t really come out, so why did he today? The other part felt as though he disappointed Dean and should have tried to hold on longer.
“You’re a genius,” Dean says, slapping his ass playfully and then leaning down to bite the handprint. “Wanted this a long time, Cas. Longer than you could guess.”
Their conversation flows as easy as wind in the fall, and when they realize that three hours have passed, it seems like neither want to leave. But Dean’s headache has returned and after exchanging numbers, they say goodbye.
Cas got up and cleaned as best as he could before laying down. They didn’t sleep great, but eventually they both passed out.
we go to dinner… and then maybe do this again after.”
The open display of affection has Cordelia momentarily stunned into silence. She’s seen a lot of different actions and reactions on that couch, including someone actually throwing a glass of water in their partner’s face... but this was something else. The way both of these boys were looking at the other — like each one had hung the moon and brought all the light into the world — while discussing such serious communication issues... Well, she hadn’t seen that kind of care in a long, long while.
The question caught him off guard, and his eyes darted around the room for someone he could say. No one jumped out at him so he sighed, shaking his head. “Not really, no. I don’t pay much attention to the people at this school anyway.”
“Yeah, I love you too, Harry.” Dean winked at Charlie, and she flipped him off in response as she disappeared into her room.
“Yup. Turns out... I don’t like rules, Chuckles.” He ruffles her hair, earning himself a slap, and then gallic shrugs. “What can I say—” Dean looks over at Cas again— “I fell in love with him.”
Dean sighed, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Those withdrawals are a bitch but nothing compared to the withdrawal he was about to start feeling from the Oxy. He can already feel the cold sweat all over his body and the familiar dry cough he’s dealt with in the past after a day without pills, but that’s only the beginning stage, he’s never had to go past that. Because he isn’t an addict… right?
gotten and he wasn’t going to last long. He didn’t grab Dean’s head like he wanted to, instead he let Dean keep control and when he looked at the blood Dean smeared on his thighs, he knew he was close. “Fuck, Dean, gonna come. Fuck… fuck.”
“Alright.” Cas sat there, coming down from all of the nights events and couldn’t believe it was all in the same night. Was it really just hours ago that he was sitting in the bar with... he already forgot his name. And then Dean had walked in, turning his world upside down again and Cas realized he didn’t want the world to be right side up anymore. He craved the
smells like hospital.
Dean kept eating, wondering why the hell this conversation felt so natural. “Nope, notta once.” He shrugged, licking some ketchup from the corner of his mouth. “Like you said... vanilla.”
he used to say. Dean only stopped because he felt it was like carrying around enough evidence to get him the electric chair but now that he had the
Dean grimaced, pulling up his own pants and unlocking the door. “Sorry, guess I shouldn’a done that, huh?”
“Put it on my tab. And assbutt? Really Cas?”
Those four months flew by and Cas had his fair share of shitty doms. Thankfully he only needed that fix every few weeks. But by now, he realized nothing could ever cure that craving.
this shitshow in the first place... I don’t wanna be the reason your light goes out. I know you wanna die together in a blaze of glory or whatever... but I’d rather take the fall for both of us and know when
Cas groaned and let Dean have full control. He enjoyed giving him control now and letting Dean take anything he wanted from him. He still had to bite back his smart ass comments but he was getting better at it. Dean’s cock on his stomach made him smile into the kiss, loving how much Dean wanted him.
Cas released a faint whimper and then pulled away. He palmed his hard dick and took a step back. “When and where? Do you want some food first? I can tell you just got home and I know I blew your mind. No rush, I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean slid out of bed and made his way over to the small table by the window to eat, looking groggy and generally put out. The second he sat down, he flinched, feeling every single centimeter of what Cas had done the night before.
made him feel like he was special.
“I asked him if I could see his tattoos. They are awesome even if he is an ass.” Charlie finished off her beer. “I’m going to go grab another, you want one?” Dean nodded, not about to turn down a beer.
He grinned at his phone but quickly wiped the smile from his face in case Carmen was watching him. He bit the inside of his cheek as that second text came in and contemplated his answer, but in the end, it didn't matter. Either he'd fuck Cas and hate it, or he'd fuck Cas and learn an awful lot about himself. It was too late to stop this train.
“Always, Pop. I’m uh… almost out though.”
“Fuck yes!” Cas moaned. “Oh fuck, come with me!”
“Shit... really? Why not?” Dean asks, thinking maybe he has a sex addiction, because he gets off every single day. None of them have been great ones, but he still does it.
.” Cas shrugged nonchalantly. “And sometimes it’s something I can’t have but
until he could no longer keep the voices at bay. They were so much louder now without Cas, so much more urgent. And now? He couldn’t think of a single reason not to give in completely to what they wanted. Defying them had gotten him nowhere.
“Dean?”
Dean wasn’t thrilled about the extra work it was going to take to only hunt the guiltiest among them, but there truly wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do for Cas. They drove the rest of the way to their destination in silence, and when they pulled into the motel parking lot, he looked over. “Y’know... I didn’t wanna say anything before, I knew you were feelin’ some type of way about all of it... but that was the hottest shit I’ve ever seen in my
“Not bad for a virgin, huh?”
Dean tilted his head and suggested something he never thought he’d suggest. “Go help him. No strings attached, just... be a good person. Maybe it’ll help.”
“Didn’t I tell you?? But nooo,” she rolled her eyes with a grin, “don’t you know not to question a redhead?”
happen. Huh, Dean?”
the two of you had? It’s done. Capisce?”
him harder.
but there was nothing to hold. When Dean called him angel it sent a chill up his spine and he realized he fucking
For the following five months, Castiel was paid to be used and abused and he soon realized he couldn’t get off without it. But none of it was like it had been with Dean. The latest guy had the same look in his eyes at times, but he was more... violent for the sake of being violent. He wouldn’t get off unless he knew Cas was uncomfortable and he dropped after every encounter with him. This last time left him with rope burns on his wrists and ankles, but thankfully it was cool enough outside to stay covered up. He had two cigarette burns on his chest and a gash from a whip on his back before he finally decided he would never go back to that guy again, he was beginning to worry no one in the world would fill the hole Dean left behind.
He’s nearly drooling, but recognizes he needs to take what he can get. Slowly, Cas stands up and shucks his shorts all the way down — giving Dean a view of his ass before sitting back down to reveal his hard, aching cock. “There’s lube in the side table.”
“You in the mood to take these guys today or should we... I dunno. Do something normal for a change? Go after them tomorrow?”
Lust shot down Cas’ spine as he helped Dean get to his prize, then carded his fingers in his hair and tugged gently. “I get the sense you’re going to be a
Dean laughed pretty hard at that, and even harder after Cas gave him his famous bitch face. “Okay, so next time, I’m getting tequila.”
The man chuckled. ”This one said something similar. I just happen to know a few tricks. Downstairs,” he ordered, making Dean and Cas go down first. When they finally entered the dungeon, the man grabbed Cas’ throat and crowded his face. “Didn’t think you’d be back, didn’t get to even fuck you last time once my toys were done with you. I
Eric struggled and screamed, not understanding how this man was so strong.
Cas nodded, knowing deep in his heart that it was true and he made the first move. Pressing his lips to Dean’s softly, hoping his lips could express what his voice couldn’t.
The look Cas gives her is almost comical. "I should've brought a book on consent as a Christmas present for you, Lisa."
“No.” Dean gripped Cas’ hips, grinding his thickening cock against his angel’s ass. “But watching him try and suck you off at the beginning? You saying
“I can’t tell you. I can show you, but I don’t think you’re ready for that. Besides, I prefer the bottom.” He drummed his fingers and stared at Dean with an eyebrow raised. “Fine, you know when you find a woman’s g-spot and she does that body shaking orgasm that makes you think ‘No
