Yeah, she was having
No. Just— Dear god, he couldn't do it. He couldn't fucking do it. This wasn't— He wasn't— This had only been manageable or tolerable because he'd known it wouldn't last forever. He'd have this baby that Esmeralda claimed would 'complete' his relationship with Steve (which was already complete enough, thank you very much), and he'd go back to being the man he was, and that would be that — no 'ifs,' 'ands,' or 'buts' about it. No, it hadn't been the worst experience in the world, and there were a great many things he'd found he enjoyed about being in a female body — indulgences and desires society would look askance at when he was a man — but it wasn't permanent. It wasn't supposed to be permanent. It was supposed to be a temporary thing that would end when he'd finished the task Esmeralda had set forth for him, and that had made it tolerable or bearable or something that didn't make him want to jump off a bridge.
But Barnes just ran a frustrated hand through his hair and said, "Steve thinks I can just— I don't really know who I am now. I remember— Yeah, I remember Brooklyn. I remember the war. But I…I remember other stuff, too."
"So?"
"Then why hasn't he been seen in months? And why has the Captain taken up with Natasha Carbonell?" the woman asked as Happy opened the back door, and he and Pepper worked at getting Tony into the car before he could say anything more. "Is she a surrogate for them?"
"Anyway, so, the point is that no, we wouldn't be getting our everlasting happiness all over you because that's the kind of thing we do behind closed doors now."
Tony scoffed. "Please. That man's never been 'right' about anything in his life."
She just looked between him and the receiver then took it and tried to mimic what she'd just seen him do.
Clint seemed perplexed, and he looked between the gelato container and Steve's face and sputtered before he said, "There's more than enough for two people there!"
"The direct SteveandTony-to-English translation would say that he does."
Tony just sat up, blinking the last remnants of sleep from his eyes as he tried to comprehend what he was seeing and
," Bruce said. "Just stick with 'Stony.'"
"Yeah? Does it stretch
Olivia provided no answers, instead choosing to remain quiet as Steve carried her back downstairs, and he made to go into the living room but decided he'd scope out the rest of the downstairs just to see if…
." They wouldn't necessarily have to use the word 'alive' but maybe something that indicated that he was alive. Something about how pissed he was or how disappointed he was or maybe — just maybe — how worried he was about Tony. Just something so that they knew their Cap was still alive and kicking and kicking ass.
He let go of her hand as she ran over to the island and scrambled up onto one of the chairs.
"Yeah, I know, I'm just trying to figure out—" He sighed then said, "Can you hold your legs back?"
Steve joined beside him, folding his arms as well but standing upright instead of leaning onto the chair. "It's a very thoughtful gesture, but you really didn't need to get us a wedding cake."
"Again," Tony said, "you're more than welcome to trade places here with me."
"Look at what I am sitting here doing. I am sitting here holding a child —
"So, you're a genius?"
"It doesn't look like anything
Tony rolled his eyes and saw there was still a little bit left on Rhodey's plate. "Yeah?" he said and shoved his empty plate over beside Rhodey's then used his fork to pull what was left on Rhodey's plate onto his own. He pulled his plate back in front of him, and he cut into what he'd snagged for himself then shoved a bite in his mouth and said around it, "You have any
. That's older than I am. Look, I know I'm no spring chicken, but, Jesus, did I end up with some geriatric patient or something? What the hell was future me or alternate universe me even thinking? From Pepper to an
it to him, Tony."
Well, it wasn't as though this was actual history. There probably wasn't even anything written on the pages, just empty shells of books. Or maybe they were filled with all sorts of Hydra propaganda. Whoever had come up with this ruse had obviously put some effort into it. Why not go whole-hog?
tease each other and not take offense to it. I can't say that for many of the couples I see come in here. Anyway, I would like to see you again closer to the time of delivery—"
"What?" Wilson asked, thoroughly confused, but Tony shook his head and said, "Don't—
"Papa, can I go play with Dummy now?"
Tony put his arms around Steve's waist and pushed close to him, pressing his cheek against Steve's chest as he looked back at Rhodey. "You know it's true because Captain America said so."
"Because! Cartoons, Papa!" She grabbed his hand and tried to pull him out of the chair. "Quick! Cartoons are starting! I need my Wucky Charms."
He shrugged again. "I really don't know how to explain it. It's…
"What have I told you? Bad luck," he said before Tony could get his full thought out, and he groaned and rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, but our newborn child is still slurping down fluid I'm producing with my own body."
"That look you gave everyone else — except Steve, and don't think I didn't notice."
It might have been nice to say he thought about it on the drive back uptown, but traffic was a bit heavier, and he spent most of the time cursing out cyclists and cabbies that kept cutting him off or getting into his way, and he was never so thankful to pull into the garage as he was that afternoon, sighing as he put the car into park and leaned his head back against the headrest. Ugh, he was so tired, but he wasn't about to take a nap in the car, and so he steeled himself, shut the car off, and grabbed his bag to make his way back upstairs to the penthouse, leaning against the wall of the elevator as he rode the dozens of floors from the garage to his home in the sky. He pulled the box out with the intention of looking over the photographs again, but instead he yawned and clutched them against his chest…sort of. Really more like his gigantic belly at this point.
She gave him an odd look, and Bruce shook his head and pressed his face into his palm. He huffed. "Look, it's like I was telling you earlier. Space goddesses—"
"Yes, Pep," he said and put a hand on his arms to calm her, "one hundred percent. I know what I'm doing. I've dealt with these people before. You already told the Board, right? I'm not going to get a dozen angry phone calls when this is all over, am I?"
Steve looked up from the floor. "You kind of did.
He just wanted things to go back to some boring sense of normalcy. He was getting too old for this shit.
Rhodey murmured a quiet, "Shit," his whole body slackening in a sort of 'jig is up' type of deal. Olivia, on the other hand, sat up at attention and said, "Daddy? Papa, s'that Daddy?"
, but you seem to enjoy Star
get to make."
"Tony, are you…? I thought you were going to…?"
"So, this is the way it usually starts out. Doesn't have to stay that way, but we'll get to that later. And probably, you'll be standing a little closer to each other than we are—"
"We're not having sex in the middle of the road, Tony."
pictures with sexist and derogatory headlines because that shit sells like hotcakes."
Tony sighed. "You would pick up on that," he muttered. "I want you to be rough, but I want you to
Tony exhaled a breath, his shoulders slumping. Did he have a
"Oh, Jesus Christ," Barnes muttered and sank down further into the chair, flesh hand covering his face as he shook his head. "You're just as much of a doofus as he is."
Steve glanced at Bruce in the rearview mirror and said, "I've been trying to get him to read stuff for months now. He won't."
He shook his head to rid himself of that impossibility as she asked a none-too-impressed, "
Tony looked between them. "Is it really that bad?"
"I just think there's a time and a place for that sort of language—"
"Whatcha looking at?"
, but it turns out, I didn't know what I was missing."
Tony shrugged. "I don't know. Barton's an ass, but he's a good fucking shot—" He pointed a finger at Barnes and added, "I
How was he going to look at him and not think,
And then when I ask 'em when 'm gonna be older, they just say, 'When you're older 'livia.'"
"I left my coffee in the car, didn't I?" he murmured.
No choice whatsoever?
Tony shrugged and took hold of her again, cradling her against his chest and watching as she almost instinctively went for his nipple. She latched on without an issue, and Tony startled a moment at the weird sensation of a tiny, gummy mouth suckling at a sensitive part of his anatomy. He couldn't tell if she was actually feeding or was just soothing herself. Either case, she wasn't complaining, and to be honest, neither was Tony. It didn't hurt. It was just…weird.
"Give me a second," Bruce said. "Also, I'm going to need you to push one more time."
Tony watched Barton chug down the juice, and when he was just about done, he said, "You know no one except Steve drinks that because he backwashes into it, right?"
Steve just nodded and continued to stuff his face.
Steve exhaled a breath through his nose. "We both think."
Steve sounded hesitant.  "Yeah, about that—"
Hill just shrugged. "It's not so obvious when you're not looking at it from that angle."
Pepper's face hardened. "Esmeralda? Is that who did this to you?"
Dear god, if only that were true!
He took one last look at the table where the SHIELD dossier sat, and he closed his eyes and pictured his Tony one last time — the way he smiled, the petulant tilt of his head when he'd pointed out the difference in their heights, the soft and tender way he tended to his daughter — and finally closed that book for good, swallowing down the memories along with any hopes and dreams that he might have had that
"No, no," Thor said and put his hands up as though to stop Steve's thoughts in their tracks. "Nothing—"
"See?" he asked with a self-satisfied smirk.
"Touch yourself?" Steve said, sounding unsure that he was even allowed to say the words.
"You OK?" Steve asked and rubbed his back with both hands, giving him a gentle and possessive squeeze as he did so.
Tony snuffled and tried to wipe some more of the tears away. "You think he's mad at me?"
He watched as Natasha thinned her lips in glum thought and said, "Doesn't appear to be," with a slight shake of her head. "Unconnected, but smart enough to take advantage of a bad situation."
"To work some magic on myself."
about a honeymoon—"
The only thing he got in reply was a simple, 'OK,' and he stared at it a moment and wondered what it meant. 'OK you're a freak, I'm not touching you'? 'OK sounds good. I can schedule you in'? 'OK I can imagine what you mean and I'm going to start without you. Buy some lotion on your way home'?
"I understand what the term means on Midgard. It may not seem to be so, but it is a blessing bestowed upon you by life herself. It is a gift, and a sacred one at that. I know it does not seem as such, but you should be honored that the Goddess Esmeralda felt your bond with the Captain deserved to be solidified and celebrated in such a manner."
"He wasn't going to, J!" he shouted and checked his speed, as he realized he was catching up to the traffic ahead of him rather quickly. He lessened the pressure on the accelerator. "He wasn't getting back in the car, J," he said, calmer but a little sadder. "You've heard what he's said about his pal. He'll stick by him 'til the end of the line. Ever heard him express anything similar about me?"
important…Nope, not interrupting anything at all…Huh? No, but I'm thinking I may have to separate all of you…It's called being a 'responsible adult'…Probably not until at least tomorrow…Yeah, well, you'd better all be on your best behavior when I get back…If that's what it takes…I'm not— Fine, yep. Talk to you later."
"Who the hell is
"And he's a giant pain in the ass that no one can stand to be around."
, all right?" Tony said. "It's the truth. Does it sound crazy? I don't know. Any crazier than aliens swarming out of a hole in the sky?"
Steve raked his gaze over Tony's very naked body, and he looked back up and met his gaze and said, "Especially like that."
He again was cut short by Steve kissing him, and he relaxed once more, pressing his torso against Steve's, humming a little as Steve pushed into his mouth and dug his fingers into the exposed flesh of Tony's back.
"It's
"Like what?"
And suddenly, he got what Steve was asking.
Steve sighed out a breath, but there was no anger or annoyance behind it, only amusement. "Somehow, I don't think that's a comparison we want to draw, but if it makes you happy, OK. You can be Aphrodite, and I'll be Adonis."
He groaned and shook his head before he threw his hands up again like he was admitting defeat once more.
"Again, J, we're talking a straight guy from the forties here. Probably wasn't too thrilled with me making a pass at him. Let's just keep that between you, me, Brucie, and Rhodey, savvy?"
He looked up and met Steve's blue-green gaze, Steve staring right back at him in a mix of wonder and pride and love — so much love.
Tony followed his command, bending one knee, then the other, to climb onto the bed, the plug hitting various pleasurable nerve endings with every movement. He bit his lip and inhaled a deep breath through his nose to keep from uttering a sound, and he felt Steve guide him up to the headboard. He rested Tony's hands against the board and ordered him to brace himself, kneeling, straight as a post from the knees up.
He wasn't sure what sort of reaction he expected from Steve at that revelation, but he was about ninety percent sure it wasn't teary-eyed joy.
Clint just raised an eyebrow at Steve. "At twelve-thirty in the morning."
"You know, you really don't have to read those," Tony said.
not going without one of these suckers at all. You ever start squirting liquid out of those firm pecs of yours, you'll understand."
Steve didn't even try to hide the sly smile that spread over his face.
"Yeah, no," he said and reached out for her again. "My baby, my rules. Either you do it right in front of me, of you don't do it at all."
for people, and look what happens— It bites you in the ass."
He tried to stand up, but Steve, the jerk, just grabbed his arm and pulled him back down, and Dr. Ganford smiled at him and said, "I can only imagine how frightening a prospect this must be for you—"
Tony just blinked then nodded his head toward the window. "Out there?"
. Like, I cannot begin to tell you how fucking
Bruce, mouth still a little puckered, turned to Natasha, who just reached out and patted his arm with the hand that wasn't holding a champagne glass, which was currently at her lips as she took a sip.
"Oh!" Tony said as he opened the cabinet door and found the appliance in question. "Thanks, J."
"I knew it," he grumbled, but Steve laughed and snagged an arm around his shoulders.
"Right."
her to go back, Tony! You wanted her to stay. You
He settled back against the headboard and folded his arms as he waited for the telltale signs of sleep from the little ball of energy laying there on what had once been Pepper's side of the bed (what that little ball of energy thought of as her Daddy's side of the bed), and in the quiet and the dark, he felt his eyelids droop a few times. He stubbornly fought to keep them open, but he figured a few minutes' rest wouldn't hurt him.
"First of all, I don't 'ramble.' Second, it's 'cause I am Tony." He set the tablet and coffee down on a table and moved over to her, and though she still eyed him with unease, she didn't move away from him as he stepped closer to her, and he scowled and looked up and said, "Really? You know, you're killing me with those shoes."
opposed to — seriously, my fiancé is probably over twice your age — but you didn't even have the decency to take your wedding ring off, and you haven't been able to pull your eyes away from my tits for more than five seconds at a time. For all you know, I'm on my way to take a massive dump, and you're here trying to get in my pants while all I can think about is that maybe dairy doesn't agree with me as much as I want it to."
"I knew it! When? How long ago?"
Steve pulled his hands away. "What?"
, maybe—"
"I didn't say
"And clearly, this guy is just an asshole looking for attention."
And then, he closed his eyes and swallowed his pride and said another prayer of 'thanks' to Esmeralda for allowing him the one thing he wanted more than anything: the chance to grow old with Tony.
"I'm OK, by the way. You don't have to stick around if you don't want to. You have bigger fish to fry."
Steve hummed, considering his options. “I don’t know. If I give you what you want, it’s not really teaching you any valuable lessons, is it?”
"Oh, I can't wait to see what this chair comes out looking like," Rhodey said, staring at Steve and Thor in disbelief. He turned to Tony and added, "Are you really going to let those two assemble something?"
Bruce let out a nervous laugh. "Why are you so— I have other friends. You know even
"That, admittedly, bears a striking resemblance to what they know to be Tony Stark," he said and folded his arms, nestling them just under his breasts, "and, really, it's their own fault for not bothering to ask the real question which is
Fuck, now why did that action seem so familiar?
"Sarah."
"No, I don't— I don't think I'm ready for the comments from the peanut gallery that would bring."
Tony scowled and did so. "That's how I got into this mess in the first place."
She yawned and said, "OK."
"Bruce gave me the name of someone he recommends."
OK, maybe not a road to go down, not if his logical mind wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt. Did he wonder if Barton was still somehow under Loki's control? No, not unless being an annoying pain-in-the-ass was part of still being under Loki's control, which, well, knowing Loki, was maybe not something to put past him (yeah, no, that screwball was not anywhere near as 'dead' as Thor claimed he was, he was sure of it). But, no, it had been two years and no incidents, so Barton was probably fine. He knew he couldn't use that to apply to Barnes's situation, but if he wanted to sleep at night, he sure did.
pain — not really. It sucks, but I'll get used to it."
"Nothing!" Bruce said, snapping off a disposable glove. "You're…a little further along than I was hoping."
Steve barked out a laugh but said, "No. Very sweet lady, but no." He grinned at Tony and he reached out and snagged one of Tony's hands and gave it a squeeze. "I've already got everything I want right here."
This chapter is not my best. I just couldn't really get it to flow the way I wanted it to. I apologize for that.
Pepper wasn't in the mood for his defenses, and the little monster went to say more, but Bruce thankfully ushered her out of the room, and the door locked shut behind them. Pepper just stood there, still pinching the bridge of her nose with one hand, the other planted on her hip, and Tony grimaced again and said, "I can explain—"
"You knew it was me. What's the point of taking up time with 'hello'?"
Tony dropped his head so that his chin touched the top of his breastbone, and he took a breath through his nose and let it out before he looked up at her and said, "I know, honey, but how 'bout you leave the heroics up to Daddy and Papa and the other Avengers until you get a little older, OK?"
long enough?
"It wasn't a philanthropic backpacking—" he started to say but then sighed and got back to the more important part of Tony's statement. "I have, just—" he took Tony by the shoulders and gently forced him to sit down, "—not for anyone I know. I'm not sure how the Other Guy would handle that happening to someone I care about."
He sighed and lay on his back, and he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes and rubbed, moaning and groaning as the last of the night's sleep left him. He didn't really feel like getting up — for as small as the bed was, it was still kind of comfortable — but his stupid bladder had other ideas, and he sighed and stretched out, trying to garner the will and the strength to pull himself out of the bed.
by you. He's watching out for you, taking care of you, and he's probably read more about pregnancy in the past couple months than you have in your entire life."
Tony grinned and kissed the tip of his nose. "Sure thing, babe," he said then slid back off of Steve and onto his side of the bed, and he picked at the platter a little more before he yawned and said, "Ugh, OK, now I'm tired again."
Jesus Christ, when had he turned into such a sap?
"Yeah, well, you know, the sun's getting pretty low and I know you don't want to be out past dusk—"
along with you—"
Bruce frowned at them and said, "Do any of you like Steve for his
"And you can change whatever diapers come of it, too."
Tony closed up the sketchbook and handed it back to Steve, and Steve took it from him and dropped it onto the table in front of the couch then frowned and put his hands on Tony's shoulders.
"Fine! Alternate universe me must have been drunk off his ass."
"Now I'm a little disappointed you weren't around then. That would have been a fight for the ages."
The traffic was better on Park, but the procession line was a bit slow-going, and at one point, Steve turned to him and said, "Offer still stands."
"What do you mean?"
—" he motioned over Steve's very fit and firm body that was just…cut…in all the right… places…and he just…wanted to run his hands all over his chest and…lick…his abdomen and—
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Don't tell me: it's you and Romanova."
She rolled her eyes and huffed in annoyance. "Daddy 'n' Papa tell me that
"I will support you no matter what. No matter what you go with, it's not going to be easy, and I..."
as a blonde, though he still preferred himself with dark hair.
"The Avengers," he said, attempting to read through the lines.
"And for the record, this isn't the only thing he's upset about."
Steve shook his head once more. "I don't care. No showers. No parties. Not until afterward. Not until we know everything's OK for
Barnes stayed quiet at that, and Tony had a feeling he hadn't believed a word he'd said but was too big a person to fight him on it. Tony, mentally sighing in relief at the lull in conversation, finished setting up his program before he decided it was time to get to work.
Tony hummed a little and said, "Someday, we're going to get to the bottom of your general emotional constipation. But anyway, my point is that we've dealt with our share of shit that would have completely destroyed other couples. But here we are, curled up together on our bed, still plugging along."
Goddamn, he was just waiting for Steve to learn about 'selfies' now. Fuck, who would be the first to teach him about that? Barton or Wilson?
, Tony. That's why. And I'll tell you— I think you're having a little too much fun with this."
"Don't worry, Natasha," the nurse said, just as friendly and cheery as the doctor had been. "Women go through this every day."
Steve just shrugged. "Don't know. Don't remember. My ma would have been the only one that could've told you that."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Oh, my god. Are you about to tell me you 'took a lot of liberties' with me? What is this? The 1940s? Don't answer that, you old man. Look—" He reached out and grabbed a hold of Steve's face with one hand, nimble fingers pressing into the flesh of Steve's cheek. "I would not have let you do any of what you did if I didn't want it. I wanted it. Oh, god, did I want it! That was fucking amazing, and those girls that didn't want to give you the time of day all those decades ago don't know what they missed. So, whatever crazy shit you've got going on in that noble blonde head of yours, throw it all in the garbage dump, forget about it, and get some rest because you are doing that to me again sometime within the next two hours — uh, assuming I don't turn back, anyway. I mean, what was the point of doing this to me, anyway? For a joke? Oh, god, you don't think that was Loki, do you? Or Loki's ghost, seeing as Thor thinks he's dead? That greasy-haired little prick would think it would be funny to turn me into a woman." He shook his head. "Never mind. Forget I said any of that. We'll figure it out later. For now, I just... Look, I know we just did it, but I still really need to feel you inside of me again sometime soon, so, give me a couple hours to rest up and hope this ache subsides a little, and then we'll go for round two."
"An' Pepper's coming?" the brat cried out with barely repressed glee, clapping her hands together as her face lit up like a Christmas tree.
Bruce grinned like he'd hit the jackpot. "Yeah? You like it when they tell each other that?"
He turned and saw Steve sleeping beside him, tucked onto his side and facing Tony, and Tony went to lay back down and cuddle up against him when he realized he was wet. Like really wet. And aching to have Steve inside of him.
"Whatever," Tony muttered and took a sip of the pathetically small coffee Steve had gotten for him. "Are you sure this isn't yours?" he asked and held the small cup up.
"Look, just a quick checkup."
"Uh huh."
and try to use reason to remind him that he couldn't do this.
"Yeah, baby girl?"
Tony smiled at him and stroked his face. "Yeah, babe. I'll help him. I'll try to fix it for him. I know how much it would mean to you."
"That is a
But the doors closed before Barton could get his plea out, and Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's head and said, "Want me to hit the emergency stop? We don't have to do anything. They'll just think we are doing something."
And no,
"Run the footage these three are talking about."
about things as I think I am."
crying over this — he went over to the elevator and stepped on as soon as the doors opened. "Penthouse, J," he called out, but JARVIS said, "
"Hey, I don't make the rules here."
Come to think of it, they had been the ones to roll their eyes back during the whole meet-and-greet session when Tony had gone through their story and then answered the class's most pressing questions. Evidently, they weren't fans. Also, coincidentally, the ones Tony was convinced were using the pregnancy as a last-ditch effort to save their relationship. Poor kids. Howard might have been an ass to him, but he'd at least been able to take some comfort in the fact that his parents had loved each other. He couldn't even imagine how much worse things might have been if his parents had stupidly conceived him as an attempt to save a failing marriage.
"You know you love it."
He huffed out a breath and said, "Yeah, OK. I'll eat your stupid Italian."
Tony hummed in thought a little and said, "You notice something strange there, too?"
An audience that was at rather apt attention, now that he looked behind him at the row of seats filled to the brim with to-be-marrieds.
"You do," Tony said.
And as it turned out, it hadn't been Howard at all.
He tried to play with the specs for the suit, he tried to upgrade Natasha's Widow's bites, he tried to come up with some new ideas for arrows for Barton, he tried to make a few tweaks to Wilson's wings, but like he'd found the past couple months, he just couldn't concentrate. Abandoned and unfinished projects littered his desk and the floor — sure, OK, he used actual paper for some of them and chasing it around at least gave DUM-E something to do outside of hovering over him like some nervous old hen — and he was just attempting to work out the formula for the proper magnetic relay for Steve's shield when Natasha walked into the lab, Barnes right behind her. He glanced up from where he sat at his computer terminal and nodded 'hello' at them then went back to staring at the formula on his screen.
"She likes it better when you take care of those things."
"We just can't agree on the order," Tony said. "That's it. It doesn't mean— It's not more
Steve, evidently bored with Bruce's music history lesson, was at his elbow in an instant, concerned, ready to strike against whoever or whatever had offended him.
from having done it countless times before.
Steve pushed away from the doorframe and came up to stand behind Tony so that they were both looking into the mirror. He put gentle hands on Tony's shoulder and oh-so-gently kneaded his fingers into the flesh and said, "Why shouldn't I?"
"Ex-SHIELD safe-house upstate. According to Nat, it's still there. Should be OK to hide out at for the weekend."
"Why?" Tony asked. "Why would she even—?"
"Open your mouth," he murmured and pulled Tony's jaw down and open. Tony aided the measure, attempting to relax his jaw as Steve added, "Eyes on me. I want your eyes on mine at all times."
. Truly. For everything that you do for us. For everything that you do for me.”
was the one Steve had chosen to do this to, to do this with.
"I wouldn't say I
" Wilson said and fist-bumped Barton, who returned the fist-bump without taking his attention away from Tony.
"Well, technically—"
He pulled away from Steve at that thought and met Steve's slightly-hooded blue eyes, and he smiled and tilted his head a little and said, "Let's go out."
"Oh, yeah, it was, like, a '70s thing. People started putting the pot in brownies for some reason, then they'd eat them and think they were getting all high and shit at their 'swingers parties' or whatever the fuck people did back then."
He reached out and cupped Tony's face in his hands and, hoping he was doing this the right way, he bent his head and captured Tony's lips with his own. He tried to remember the way Tony had done it — the force, the passion, the tongue and the teeth and saliva — and he held Tony's face a little firmer and kissed him a little harder, and when all was said and done and he pulled back to see if he'd done OK, Tony just opened his eyes and blinked up at him and said, "You're a terrifyingly fast learner."
"Especially when you're the one that fucked up the relationship," Sam said, and Bucky nodded his solemn agreement.
Barton turned to Barnes. "Your move, grandpa. What's your opinion on this?"
"Look it…it doesn't matter now, all right? Can't change the past. Do I wish things had gone differently?  Yeah—"
was all he needed.
Tony didn't make it to the bedroom. He only went as far as the couch, found his phone, checked for any messages, saw there were none, and ended up falling asleep on the couch, snug under a blanket that smelled like Steve. He dozed until he was startled awake by his phone buzzing on the coffee table, and he frowned and blinked at it then reached out and picked it up, seeing he had a new message.
"Right." He sat up. "Look, it's like I was saying. There was that incident in the Financial District that the Avengers were tied up with several months ago."
"Is there a point to any of this?" he nearly snapped at them, smacking a pen down on the desk that he'd been using to jot notes with. He looked between Sam and Bucky's expectant faces, and he sighed out another groan and said, "
Thor frowned and turned to Hill. "I am sorry to hear of the passing of your loved one. I am certain that the heralds of—"
"Whatever. I guess the stench of cheap body spray will come out in the wash," he muttered and padded up the steps, groaning and holding onto the railing for dear life. "How the fuck do women deal with those fucking heels?"
Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Tony just said, "It's
"Hydra?" he asked, suddenly reminded of that god awful dream he'd had last night.
"You're not dying, Tony."
Stark? Who's the father?"
He bit halfway into his slice, and Tony scowled and said, "What's with the third-person all of a sudden? Are you turning into fucking Bob Dole?"
Bruce sighed and fiddled a bit with the equipment. "I'm not sure that allowing…that…to continue unabated is in your best interests. The male body isn't designed to bear children, and with your heart—"
Steve smiled and said, "Merry Christmas," in return then added, "Shh, Tony's still sleeping."
"I'm sorry, and I know you probably don't want to do this, but there is this cute little old lady that claims to have met you backstage at Radio City in 1943, and it would absolutely make her day—"
about us?"
"So, what? You're saying I should make the best of a bad situation? This isn't a bad haircut, Steve. This is—"
Honestly, he still didn't know what he'd seen. One moment, he'd seen Tony, divested of the suit, standing in a pile of rubble in Lower Manhattan. There was a woman there with long blonde hair and a shimmering gown, and Steve wasn't able to get there before the woman appeared to touch Tony, and Tony disappeared in a shimmer of glittering amber light. He'd screamed out his name — 'Tony,' not 'Iron Man' as was the usual protocol in the field — and run over only to find that a dark-haired woman dressed in Tony's usual under armor now lay there in the same spot where Tony had stood only a second before...
"Did you and Steve ever figure out a name?" she asked and brushed damp hair back from his forehead.
Bruce pointed to the counter with his spoon. "There's some muesli over there if you're interested."
"Explaining our various fuckups — I'm sorry, 'collateral damages' — to the government?"
"How's everything look?" Steve asked after a few quiet minutes.
all that would happen, and I'm not willing to risk it."
Yeah, maybe, but too late. It was out there. Now, any goon wanted to get rid of him, they knew all they had to do was induce a miscarriage — or maybe a stillbirth at this point. Granted, it would probably just be easier to shoot him in the head or something, but whatever—
God, it was so confusing. It was so fucking confusing. Maybe if this had been an abomination of an experience. Maybe if it had been the worst thing imaginable. Maybe if it had been nothing but misery he could have said without pause that he couldn't wait to get back to his male body and never wanted to look back.
," Pepper said from the phone, "
"Ugh," Tony said and rolled his eyes. "Don't even joke about that. But…'Steve'? You sure?"
"But I'm a
"Tony, I'm there to
"Steve, don't—" Tony said when he suddenly realized the voice he spoke with didn't belong to him.
Tony just snuggled into the sheets and waved him off. "Yeah, yeah," he muttered. "I'll be here when you get back."
"Can you handle this? Or do you want me to stay?"
"What are you doing?" Steve asked, sounding both amused and annoyed.
Cap's lips thinned into a flat smile, one that didn't meet his eyes. And Tony could say that now because he'd seen what a Cap whose smile met his eyes looked like, and it didn't look anything like this sad specimen before him.
"You mean you?"
"So you've said."
So, they forewent the disguises. Even Bruce didn't even bother, somehow looking rumpled in what Tony knew was freshly-laundered clothing, his hair in slight disarray as they made their way to the doctor's office late that afternoon. Strangely enough, though the great thing about New York was, by-and-large, most people didn't care. Most people would leave you alone. They had their own lives and concerns to deal with, and there was relatively little fawning to be had compared to a lot of the other places he'd gone to over the years.
So, he kissed back, all tongue and teeth and saliva, and put gentle hands to Steve's narrow waist, and he kissed Steve until his lips hurt and his jaw started to ache, and he pulled his mouth away only for Steve to take him by the shoulders and pull him into his arms. He turned a little to allow for the best means of folding into Steve's embrace with his belly sticking out, and as he put his arms around Steve's waist, Steve put his mouth by his ear and murmured, "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me, and if I had to, I'd burn the universe to get you back again."
"Yeah, but you don't gots an arc weactor!" She frowned. "Iron Man gots an arc reactor." She pointed at the middle of her chest. "Right here."
Barnes's eyes went a little clouded at the mention of 'Nat,' and Tony catalogued it for later but continued his story.
"I'm lookin' right at him," Wilson said, staring at Barton, who just rolled his eyes and stabbed at his breakfast.
"Fell asleep?"
Several people began talking at once, demanding his attention, and he pointed to one in the front row. "You. Go."
— the good one, not the shitty one.
"Nope. Can't chance fucking things up. Though now that I think about it—"
did you call me?"
had murdered her.
what the news reports insisted was the fate of the best thing that had ever happened to him, but even he, in the cold light of day, could admit that his insistence on Steve still being alive sounded like nothing more than the insane ravings of a lunatic. He
"What would be the point of that?" Steve asked, but Tony just stared at the guy and asked the only thing that was on his mind.
For some reason, he thought of Steve's hard, thick cock in his hand at that — the other night when he'd jerked Steve off again and actually been very, very close to sucking him off if only that stupid nausea hadn't fucked it up for him. Look, he did like having Steve's cock in his mouth, all right? He liked the weight, liked the girth, liked the feel of it, and liked how used he felt once Steve was done with him.
"Sorry, honey bun," Tony said with a sigh, "but it seems to have stopped for the time being. I promise I'll let you know if it happens again, though."
Natasha let go, and Tony stood up and rubbed his lower back and said, "Not sure if that makes it better or worse."
At least until Tony's eighteenth birthday. All bets were off from that point onward.
Rhodey just shook his head a little. "I never said you didn't," he said as the band came back from the break they'd taken and started up another old standard.
"What? Oh, right. Ah, fuck you, buddy! I wasn't anywhere near your cab! Jesus, you know, half of those lunatics should have their licenses taken away."
He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes and rubbed hard. How was this even…? How did this even happen to…?
Natasha glanced up at him and offered him a small smile. "Actually, you have no idea how excited they both are."
"Stop? Oh, well, if you insist."
"What?" Tony asked.
"It's not a 'bird' costume."
The others turned to each other in consideration, but Barnes just frowned and said, "I'm confused. Are we actually not welcome here?"
Steve had the decency to look a
Tony shrugged again. "Doesn't hurt to hear every so often." He patted the small-but-growing bulge of his abdomen and added, "This is going to get a lot worse before it gets better."
'Unca' Bruce. Jeez, this was not the sort of weirdness he'd thought he was getting himself into back in Calcutta.
The woman quirked her head at his reference, and grunted a bit and said, "Jesus, like talking to Steve sometimes."
, out of his clutch and shoved it at Steve, saying, "Here hold this," and then grabbed the tube of lipstick out of the clutch as well.
. I just know his track record, all right? He's not right. He's wrong."
He didn't even want to know how or why Steve had suddenly fashioned himself an authority on morning sickness during pregnancy. "Of course it won't. I'll be dead from vomiting before I even have the chance to go through the whole...you know—
Bruce just raised an eyebrow at him. "Are you like this with Cap?"
Bucky rolled his eyes and turned to him. "I'm trying to make a point here."
"Whatever," he muttered and sat back with a slight pout.
Bruce turned to Tony in surprise, but Tony held his hands up like Bruce was on his own on this one. Which, whatever, it wasn't like she'd called him—
Steve exhaled a breath as he found his own words thrown right back at him.
"No," he said and shook his head. "That, uh, was the last year I believed in Santa. I found out the truth...sometime before my birthday the next year." He snorted a laugh and continued, "I, ah, lost a tooth, and I told my ma about it, expecting, you know, a nickel or something from the Tooth Fairy that night. When I woke up, I checked under my pillow, and the tooth was still there. It kind of snowballed after that. Found out the Tooth Fairy wasn't real. Realized none of the others were, either. Santa. The Easter Bunny."
Steve laughed once more, but he shook his head and complied.
"And what were you doing right before you fell and hit your head?"
"Are you kidding? I've been crying at the drop of a hat since January."
"See you 'round, Cap."
"Don' care. Sh's mine 'n' Steve's. You keep tellin' me he's dead. Sh's all I have left of 'im."
"I won that fair and square," he said as he set about buttering a slice of toast.
"—but do we actually possess the technology to even begin to try to figure out where she comes from never mind
you from getting pregnant every time we,
They settled in, sipping their juice, Tony running light and soothing fingers through Steve's hair, and Steve closed his eyes and finally allowed himself to accept that he didn't just want to stay there a little while longer—
His family.
Still, something about it didn't sit right with him, something that, if he was being honest with himself, hadn't sat right with him from the start.
no one's going to recognize me?"
thing that's ever happened to me."
. I just— I don't— Look, I— She wasn't
"Nothing?" the man said, disappointment evident in his voice. "No patented 'Stare of Disapproval'? Nothing about Barton wasting perfectly good ammunition? Nothing about all the hard work I put into those arrows and he goes and blows through them in five minutes? Nothing about threatening to bench him to teach him a lesson? Come on, Steve, I know Christmas makes a sap out of you, but you're slipping here."
Ella's confusion remained a moment more before it seemingly abated as she shook her head to clear her mind of the weirdness, and her face lit up as she came into her element. "
Tony frowned and tilted his head in consideration a moment before he remembered the way Natasha had…been kind of groping him, and he sat up and met Steve's gaze before he straddled Steve's lap, putting his hands on his shoulders, and said, "I just…" He twitched his mouth from side-to-side and said, "I just… Just touch me."
"Did you bump into any?"
"Go. Save the world, Steve. Bring home dinner."
Tony faked a gasp. "Lies and slander! Rhodey has me, and that's really all that anyone needs."
He pointed to a line on the sheet asking for spouse's name and date of birth. "They want your info, too."
"No," he replied with a shrug. "Just saying. She was kind of rough, and I've kind of been a little
"He's actually not that miserable," Natasha murmured, her voice laced with traces of tenderness and knowing.
to us to have the 'right' girl's name. Stop making it sound like we both secretly hope it's a girl. We don't. We want a boy. It's a boy."
"Yeah, well, they didn't have baby sex detectors back in his day. You kind of had to wait until they popped out before you knew what you were getting."
"What, are you going to blab to Cap about me?"
"Tony, please," Steve said, voice just above a whisper. "Don't believe that. You can't believe that."
"Still OK?" Steve asked.
Bruce startled a bit as he put the sandwich fixings away, but he regained control of the situation and said, "How long has he been gone?"
"Tony, I know you can be Iron Man," Steve said and moved to follow him as he went back over to the suit. "But I can't trust that you won't get hurt—"
That seemed to put DUM-E in a better mood, as he happily whirred and zipped away to continue on his task. Tony just glared at Steve and said, "When he starts defying orders because he thinks he's too 'good' for them, I'm putting the blame square on you."
about something.
Well, he could admit Steve had taken particular notice of his eyes in those sketches.
"I can't do this, Bruce. I can't. Look, wherever she came from, we have
to go with these festivities, or—?"
baby and not some sneaky decoy. He gently set her on the cushion beside him and undid the top few snaps of her little pink sleeper then ever-so-carefully pulled the collar down just so to check for the faint birthmark he'd previously spied on the back of her left shoulder. Not even bothering to hide his exhaled relief when he saw it — his baby, this was his baby — he tucked her back into her sleeper and snapped it back up, Natasha smirking at him the entire time.
earlier," Steve muttered, but Rhodey turned concerned eyes on him and said, "What? When was this?"
"Yeah, I… I wouldn't know the first thing about a girl. I have some experience being a boy, so I sort of know what to do there. Boys still shoot marbles and play 'kick the can,' right?"
Steve just gave him a slightly apologetic smile, and he leaned in and captured Tony's lips with his. It was chaste, not much heat, more sweet than anything, and Steve was the one to break it, sitting back and shoving the remainder of the toast in his mouth while the talking heads on TV continued to chatter in the background.
," Steve said, panting a bit like he was running. "
Like a glutton for punishment, he sat there and once more read through the files SHIELD — or was it Agent…Coulson? Was that his name? Anyway, the files some agent had given him to look over — things to catch up on, things to file away for future reference. Though he knew the documents by heart, he pored yet again through the official records for his men — his Commandos — hoping for something to change with this latest scan-through. But the word 'Deceased' continued to stare back at him on every single file, mocking him as though to say,
"What?" Sam said with a laugh. "None of us could have afforded a Playstation."
"You OK in there? You don't need help, do you?"
Tony let that sink in a moment before he drew a conclusion, and his eyes went wide and he opened his mouth to blather about it, but Pepper slapped a hand over his mouth and simply said a knowing, "
Ooh…he'd played the Cap card.
He sucked in a breath through his nose and pulled away, stripping off his clothes as he went over to the bathroom to luxuriate in a hot spray of water. Dropping his clothes where he saw fit — unlike his husband, he would pick them up and put them where they belonged when he was done — he went into the bathroom and, as he'd grown accustomed to the past several weeks, left the door ajar on the off-chance that Olivia began to make noises of any kind — hunger, distress, whatever. Steve was downstairs, and Steve's hearing was impeccable, but Tony was closer if, god forbid, anything went wrong.
Rhodey just continued to stare at him.
Great. Can this get any worse?"
"—and now suddenly the next day he's out on the hunt with Iron Man? Steve, the public…they're fickle. You want Cap getting a reputation as a player?"
"Why?"
people he lived with, he hung up his wet towels) that his stomach grumbled loudly and angrily. He stopped a moment and put a hand to his stomach. Come to think of it, he hadn't had anything since that turkey sandwich he'd found earlier, and as he thought about it, it turned out he was kind of hungry.
Steve sighed a little, but he rubbed his hand over the swell as well. "Well, you never— Clint
"Don't threaten me like that," Tony replied without turning around, and Steve laughed.
That's a lie because that would imply I am merely OK with what we do. I am not just 'OK' with it. I like it. I love it. I have maybe gotten to know my hand very well while I replay it the next morning in the shower. And I don't just mean in my other body. I mean this one, too. I… I want to do it, Steve. I want to play like this. I want you to do what you do best."
"Not himself," Tony finished. "Doesn't know me, doesn't know you, doesn't know anything about what's going on here."
Tony unfolded his arms and leaned forward, folding his arms again to rest them on the tabletop. "So, you expect me to believe some random guy from New Jersey just happened to get his hands on Steve Rogers's personal family photographs and keep them in his possession for, like, fifty years?"
lately, so it's not like I'm going to be falling asleep thinking about her tonight."
"Well, I'll form one!"
Tony burst out laughing, putting a hand to his belly as he did so, and Steve waited a moment before he asked a somewhat offended, "What?"
Tony sighed out a breath. "Yeah," he conceded, "I know. You're right. I do— I'm not gonna lie. I do want that. There's nothing shameful about it."
that Steve was still alive, and we know that's bullshit."
found that out?" he asked, sounding equal parts amused and distracted.
"No, you really don't want to. It's awful. And not only that, but it
"Christmas '44," Steve replied.
"Because he's looking for any and every way to pick it apart."
Tony sucked in a breath. "Jesus, talk about whiplash. When you're not laser-focused on something, you have the attention span of a gnat."
He motioned over Steve like that explained what he had left unexplained, and Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
Tony rolled his eyes. "OK, you were
it, but it isn't like a second lover to him —
"Kind of thought JARVIS could just, I don't know, order them based on my measurements."
"OK, fine. Call Thor. But I'm still doing this, Steve. I don't know how, but I'm doing it."
there between them — but with Olivia, that 'getting along' seemed only to grow in exponential ways. They had previously been able to communicate through shared looks, but now they seemed to be able to do it with blind touch as well. They instinctively knew what the other one needed or wanted at any one time. For a moment, Tony thought maybe it had something to do with their bond until he realized how fucking stupid that was. Just because Esmeralda had thought they were bonded didn't mean they actually
Thor swallowed and frowned, his eyes offering his gravest sympathies. "My friends, I have just received word. The Goddess Esmeralda—"
"Why?" Sam asked. "Who are we trying to impress?"
He kept talking, but Tony sighed a little and sank back against the couch. He rested his head against the cushion, and he closed his eyes and blocked out what Steve was saying and instead tried to tell himself that he wasn't a prisoner and he didn't have to stay in this big, ugly building because he was a wanted…woman. Yeah, definitely a 'woman.' That's what he looked like, wasn't it? A woman, one wanted by every media outlet in the country and then some for an 'exclusive' interview about just
Tony saved his progress with Bruce's stretchy pants, and he sat up a little, trying to play it cool, but his palms began to sweat, and he wiped them off on his pants then swallowed his nerves and said, "Say, Cap—
Tony's nerves relaxed so much that he almost let out an exhale of relief.
Steve merely shrugged. "Just painting a room." And then, he'd pointed a firm finger at Tony and said, "But absolutely
He hesitated then motioned to Tony's abdomen.
The one person from his old life that he wished could have met his new family. His mother.
Tony winked at him, smiling as he did so. "You're worth it. And yes, I'm flirting with you. This is what flirting looks like."
Steve stood off to the side like he didn't want to intrude, and Bruce said, "Come on over, Steve."
"Uh, what is?"
The clerk eyed them both then pointed at Steve and said, "
"Wow," Natasha said, blinking placid green eyes that showed just a hint of intrigue. "You really are old-fashioned, aren't you? Even believe in that whole 'giving the bride away' thing."
"Anyway," she said, "we may not have the Captain, but we have the next best thing. There's little reason to doubt that the serum that flowed in his veins is also in you and his son."
Pepper just blinked at him, and she stuttered out a few non-word responses before she said, "I really don't think
"I really don't know what you're thinking—"
"Tony, it's not that easy—"
Wait, was the Cap flirting with him? No. No, Cap was straight as an arrow. He wasn't flirting. Cap didn't flirt. Not with the likes of him, anyway.
"What am I supposed to do with that?"
"Anytime, babe. Anytime."
indeed Tony Stark—"
our future — we both saw our future — and we know we make it work. We know it turns out OK."
There wasn't much help he could offer to their current residents, either. In fact, really the only thing he could do was sit on his ass and watch television, but half the stations were out, and the news networks JARVIS was able to pick up from the satellites were playing the same shit over- and-over — and, as usual, they had no clue what was going on and so they could do nothing but speculate as to what was happening and when everything would be back to normal.
Steve grinned, and he kneaded his fingers into Tony's shoulders and said, "I love it."
," Tony said with a horrified exhale of breath. "What'd he sell his soul or something?"
"You sure?" Bruce asked. "You only ever get to see it once and then it's gone forever."
Steve glared at him, and Tony puckered his lips and blew a kiss in his direction. He felt the eyes of that elderly couple on him once more, and he turned to them and said, "Yes?" once again.
He'd had to borrow one of Natasha's the last time, but his figure was a little broader than hers, and he'd ended up stretching the band far beyond what Natasha could use when he gave it back. Pepper was a bit closer to his build, but beyond the fact that he wasn't keen on asking his ex-girlfriend for one of her bras, she had been on the other side of the country at the time and, to this day, didn't know that had even happened to him.
Tony shrugged and dropped his arm to rest it over Steve's, who still had a gentle hold of his belly. "I don't know. I guess I can't judge, seeing as you're the only guy I've ever been with like this. It's…just what I think when you do that. That's all."
whether you look like this or the way you did the first time I met you. And even though you might be in this body the rest of our lives, I'll still love you, and I'll still want to make love to you. Because you're
story and leave it at that?"
"You have a gut feeling what it is?"
Wilson gave a slightly jerky nod, and he reached out and grabbed the bottle. Tony had presumed he'd just pass it over to Barnes, but instead, he popped the cap and began to squirt it onto his own plate. Like an idiot, Tony thought he was just taking some for himself before he gave it to Barnes, but instead, he continued to squirt, the puddle of red goop on his plate getting larger and larger, and Tony watched out of the corner of his eye as Barnes scowled and shook his head some more but continued to watch as Wilson emptied the remainder of the bottle onto his plate, giving a few pathetic shakes and squirts to get the rest of it out. Once he'd gotten out everything that he could, he turned to Barnes and held up the empty bottle of ketchup and said, "Yeah, man, sorry, I just used the last of it."
"It's OK. It's OK. You've done this before," he said, evidently using the tip of his dick to determine whether or not his hole was loose and pliable enough, and before Tony could say or do anything more, he pushed himself in. Tony groaned out but pushed himself further down onto Steve's cock until he was fully seated on it. It was a familiar feeling, a welcome one, and he didn't even falter as Steve put gentle hands at his sides and pulled him away from the headboard some so he was resting against Steve, kneeling, legs spread, impaled on his cock, and blind to the world.
"Is there any possible way at all he
Rhodey exchanged a look with Tony, and Tony shot daggers at him and shook his head slightly so that Olivia wouldn't see. He looked like he was trying not to laugh before he turned his attention back to Olivia and said, "I'll be right back. I promise."
He snorted in derision as the doors slid shut. "Workshop, J," he said and waited for the car to arrive at the designated floor.
hard not to think about what the liquid is — that doesn't mean
"You know what?" Tony said and scratched at his oddly-groomed facial hair. "How 'bout I just say it's a
Howard's
He didn't feel
"Steven, my friend!" he boomed, a broad smile on his face, his hair somehow neat and kempt even from just waking. "A joyous and merry Christmas to you and yours!"
He did it again, didn't he?
"Could your stomach handle butter?"
She frowned a little and tilted her head in confusion, but Bruce just shook his head and said, "Never mind. I'll tell you when you're older."
"Look, we know
"Look, it would make things so much easier for all of us if you would just admit already that I'm right and you're wrong and I helped you with the gift."
He frowned. "What do you mean?"
"And you're right," Tony continued. "We're not just… We're family. We're fucking in-laws. And I mean even if we weren't, I think we moved beyond just being casual acquaintances when you held my leg back so I could literally expel a human being out into the world."
worth saving."
Was he in the Alps? Somewhere in Switzerland? Austria? Germany? Italy? He had to still be in Europe, no matter how good Tony's English was or how good the English was in the movie on that rectangular wall screen. He scooped up the little girl into his arms again, ignoring her whines as she reached out for the gifts under the tree, smacking him in the face with the colorful plush toy in her hands, and went over to a bookcase on the other side of the room. She began to babble in his arms, and Steve rubbed her back in an attempt to quiet her and turned his attention to the books on the shelves, most of which seemed to be titles having to do with history or…engineering, he'd guess. Some literature, but very little. He took another look around the room, and again, it seemed odd that
"And that means you can't show it to me?"
"I'm not sure if classic is the word you're looking for," Jim said with a pointed look at Sam.
"Don't even pretend like you don't know what I'm talking about," he said. "It is an American classic, and you've all seen it."
In the
Thor took it all with good humor, finding Barnes' questions more amusing than insulting, and somewhere along the line, Barnes had clearly come into familiarity with '50s sci-fi movies, especially considering the, "Hey, Klaatu barada nikto, man," he'd offered him one time during an argument, which went over both Thor's and Steve's heads and prompted a late-night watch of
appreciate this."
"Bye, Tony," he said, his voice light. Tony could almost believe the Cap had sort of enjoyed their brief conversation.
Rhodey was out of town, dispatched somewhere by the government that still, for some reason, owned his soul, and Wilson was too busy trying to
"Why?" he asked and cut a sausage link in half and shoved part of it in his mouth. "Can't talk back," he said around the bite of food.
before everything…ends."
. You'll feel better in the morning, I promise."
Which Tony, in one of his more brilliant moments at three a.m. when he couldn't sleep because he couldn’t get comfortable and somehow Steve had stolen the pillow that he liked to shove in between his legs, decided to right, trolling the internet and posting on one of the most popular Avengers fan forums that he — or rather 'Spare Parts Man' — was looking for actual vintage photographs related to Steve Rogers 'for a research project for his senior thesis.' Unsurprisingly, he got several hits on it, though none seemed actually legit except for a reply from 'JediEngineer770,' which a series of back-and-forth messages and emails only confirmed, and they eventually set up a meet-and-exchange for the end of June. Tony could only hope his pregnancy brain wasn't clouding his judgment for something like this, especially since there was something else also weighing on his mind:
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. "Don't start that again with me."
He probably went up six or seven times, loading his plate up each time, and Tony did nothing but smile at him and laugh each time he said, "OK, one more plate."
"So, not in distress or anything like that?" Steve asked, and Tony figured he must have been reading something before coming here because why otherwise would he think of something like that?
Tony rolled his eyes. "Put that thing away. I mean you as you are at this moment don't really understand that.
"What?
"For all intents and purposes, you just started, Tony," he called back, not bothering to turn around. "It won't be coming for a long time. Google some suggestions for what do to — maybe even read up on what the hell's going on with you. Steve isn't here to ask at the moment."
— And that's not a bad thing! Before you get any ideas that I'm… That's not a bad thing. You are
He picked up his mug of coffee and took a sip of it, humming in delight as the flavor hit his tongue and the liquid warmed his throat and chest as he swallowed it down.
God, how could he have been so stupid as to go outside? Or be seen with anyone with any remote ties to Tony Stark? He should never have done it. Should never have asked Steve to go on a date with him. Should have stayed in the building and just lived in his lab until this whole thing was over and he had his old body back again. Because bad things happened to Tony Stark, and bad things happened to people that associated with Tony Stark.
of getting her back there. The future, an alternate universe, that is so far beyond the realm of what we can accomplish, it's not even funny, and I can't— We can't keep her here. I can't
Pepper reached out slowly, tentatively, and rested her hands against the small swell of Tony's abdomen, and some look of wonder came over her face as she felt the fetus move within.
"But what if I don't?"
Tony let out a breath once the door had closed and Bruce was gone toward the elevator, and he looked down at the newborn suckling him and said without fanfare, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry your father is dead, and I'm sorry that I'm always going to compare you to a daughter that was never mine to begin with. I'm sorry you're stuck with me. I'm sorry you're in this crazy, messed-up world where aliens open up wormholes over the city and your own government actively hunts you down and crazy space goddesses can turn you from one sex to the other. I'm sorry that there's a part of me that's honestly thinking about whether or not it would be better for both of us if I were just to give you up right here and now, and I'm sorry that there's an even bigger part of me that's so fucking selfish that even though I know it would be better for both of us for me to do that — to give you to someone that could give you all the love and affection and protection that I can't — I'm not going to let you go. Because you're Steve's. If they're right, and I'm wrong, you're all I have left of Steve, and if that's the case, then I'm sorry that you're the second Stark child in a row that will be forced to listen to tales of the great Captain America, and you'll probably spend your adolescence wondering if, given the choice, I would rather have him here than you."
"Steven?" he asked again as Steve went over to the bathroom and switched the light on.
mishear. That's why I asked her to repeat it about five times to make sure. And would you believe? She gave me attitude for it!"
"I know you're joking, but I'm starting to think there might be something to that. OK, I love you, man, but you're starting to cut off my circulation. I know you're used to hugging a really-built super soldier, but not all of us are forged from steel."
He thought about it a moment, tapping the pen against his chin. JARVIS had said he gave the appearance of being thirty-six, so he did the math on that and jotted down a birthdate of '05-29-78' because if he got to make this shit up, he was going to pretend he was turning thirty-six rather than thirty-seven in a couple weeks.
"Cursing out the others and yelling at DUM-E doesn't count, Tony."
"Didn't say it was a bad thing. Just glad to know you can get it up because of me." He reached up on his toes and pecked a kiss at the corner of Steve's mouth. "I do sort of worry sometimes…"
isn't where she's supposed to be? This isn't— OK, I know I can be kind of spontaneous, and I know I can get crazy things in my head, but this isn't
But Tony sat forward in his seat some, setting the blackened cellphone on the coffee table, and he folded his arms and rested his elbows on his knees and said, "Why? Why not?"
of you."
Tony scooted closer to Steve, and he let go of his hand so he could reach up and wrap his arms around Steve's shoulders, and he pressed close and said, "The part of him that remembers you — that remembers Brooklyn and before the war and all that — wants you to be happy. And he thinks, or he's afraid, you can't see the forest for the trees. That you would gladly throw away happiness with both hands because you don't think you deserve it."
inches at the most. This kid fucking exaggerated.
Steve stared at her — at this creature that had taken it upon herself to do to Tony what he'd never asked for, practically upending their lives in the process — and debated over whether to take her olive branch or throw her out on her hide like she damn well deserved.
Bruce heaved out a breath then said in a quiet voice, "Tony, you were literally blessed by a fertility goddess from space that is under the impression that you and Steve are soul mates, and as soul mates, this is what you need to complete your bond. You're not going to hemorrhage, and you're not going to die, but you probably have at least a day of this left — if not longer. So, please, just go and design a new suit or something for Steve and let nature take its course. I promise the second I get a moment, I'll come check on you. I've already asked JARVIS to monitor your vitals and alert me once he determines that you've probably moved onto the active stage, which, I'm sure you've read, you will definitely be aware of. OK?"
"I'm never wrong."
The few droplets that had previously been falling from the sky opened up to a downpour of rain, and Steve couldn't help but burst into laughter at the situation, especially as Tony looked up at the sky and yelled, "Are you fucking kidding me?"
Bruce sighed and rubbed a hand over his mouth then said, "Give me five minutes and I'll come check on you, all right?"
Steve just exhaled an annoyed and harsh breath and said, "I'd just feel better if they waited, all right? I know they mean well. I know they're excited. I just wish they would wait until we're in a better position for all this."
"Look, Tony," Bruce said, "I need to give you a couple sutures because you tore a little bit, and once I think we're in the clear, we'll get you upstairs to someplace more comfortable. But for right now, you're going to have to hang out here. Is that OK?"
Her eyes went wide. "Anna Tasha?" she asked, almost unable to contain the excitement and glee in her voice.
The apples of his cheeks had tinged pink, and he still refused to look at Tony as he said, "I guess — I mean— We never even discussed if we were really going to
"It's not a threat. It's a promise."
anymore, and he says he knows that, but I'm not really sure he does. And everyone else has been, I don't know,
Bruce shot him a pointed look. "They could only
"Because I'm wearing a low-cut shirt and a tight pair of jeans? Are you fucking kidding me? Maybe I just like the way they look on me."
Barnes met his gaze, and their eyes did a strange dance of understanding before he nodded and lowered his gun.
God, he'd be worrying about that for the rest of his life, wouldn't he?"
Steve considered his words a moment. "What did I have to do?"
for my tastes, but still, a really nice guy."
He would swear Tony's brain short-circuited once again at that, as he blinked, some weird twinge of a smile over his face, his entire body rigid like he was imagining something untoward related to what Steve had just said. He hadn't intended for it to be a come-on, but he let his thoughts delve into the darker parts of his mind, and he suddenly realized how that sounded.
"Are you kidding?" he asked as Natasha slipped it up his leg later that day, sitting it over the lace-trimmed top of the white stockings she'd insisted he wear. "I mean, isn't that he height of tacky?"
"Well," he said and spun the chair some to look back at Steve. "If this is really happening, if I'm really having this kid, or if this doesn't work out to our benefit—"
Whereas Stark would barely have been able to hide his disdain, Tony glowed while explaining things to Steve, and though Tony talked sort of in the way that Stark did, it was without the actual haughtiness. He could tell Tony knew he was often the smartest man in any room, but whereas Stark's ego was offensive, Tony's was defensive, and Steve knew something had happened long ago in Tony's life to make him so defensive of who he was and what he could contribute to the world. It made him that much more protective of the madman that rambled on about events and concepts that Steve could barely follow, and even when Tony was tooting his own horn, there was a sad note of self-deprecation to his words that told him for all his bluster, Tony was much more fragile than he let on.
"Ugh," Tony said and grabbed his coffee. "There should be laws against being up this early."
more," he explained as Steve followed him out of the kitchen and into the living room. "I mean, they're both awesome in their own ways, but, yeah…"
"Pretty sure the father gets to do whatever he wants," Steve said.
was why he loved this man more than anything. Because he always came home bearing gifts from this travels.
Tony shrugged. "Well, to be fair, I wasn't exactly a
"Who says?"
She met his eyes again and smiled at him, and he nodded his understanding of her words and slowly, ever-so-slowly, let go of the hand he clutched like a lifeline.
He looked up at where Steve stood above and to the side of him and watched as he shook his head and closed his eyes.
"Steve, it's fine. Believe me. It's fine, it's more than—"
he all but begged.
"Twelve-thirty?" Tony asked and spun around to take in the entire room. "Where the hell
"How do you even know this is on the level, huh?" he asked, moving his hand to rest over his abdomen. "That this isn't some Hydra plot to lull you into some false sense of security and then when you're at your most vulnerable,
"What-the-fuck-ever," Barton said and waved him off. "You fucking knew what I meant."
"—but I have, and I— The only way I'm letting that baby go is if I have absolutely no other choice. If it's the only way to protect her or save her life, and if you're not going to back me up on that—"
Natasha just raised an eyebrow at the guy, who snapped his fingers and pointed at her.
"Haven't been in the army in damn near seventy years."
"What?"
Steve exchanged another glance with Tony, giving a slight nod of his head as though to say,
"Back to the Tower," Pepper said, furiously working her phone. She said a few other things Tony didn't listen to, and he only half paid attention as Pepper put a hand to his arm and said, "I will make this right. I promise, Tony. I will make sure this is handled."
— then turned and took the several achy steps over to the closet to pull out the prototype gauntlets he'd stored in there. He didn't have a chest R/T, which he'd have to manage without because, one, he didn't have it and two, yeah, no fucking way was he getting one on his chest at this point in time.
"Liv— Olivia, wait!" Tony yelled and followed after, but he stopped short when he came upon the sight of a semi-bloodied, scuffed-up, and uniformed Steve Rogers scooping Olivia up into his arms, relief emanating from every pore in his body. He clutched tight to her and kissed her cheek before he pulled back and asked her, "Are you all right? You're not hurt, are you?" as he ran a hand over her to search for bumps and bruises. Tony noticed the gloves he wore were brown and fingerless, which seemed an odd choice. At least the colors of his uniform, though still patriotic red, white, and blue, were more subdued and less garish than the fanboy number Agent had stuck him with.
Barton snorted a laugh. "What makes you think we're staying in the tower?" He slapped Thor's other arm and said, "Come on. They'll stare googly-eyed at each other all night if we let them."
with the son-of-a-bitch's child — he reached over to his plate with his fork and attempted to scoop up whatever he could get before he got caught.
"Hydra's going to find out now."
~*Fin*~
"If you're not careful, Captain, you're going to find yourself thoroughly debauched before you make your way back to the front."
"How'd you like me to teach you how to dance?"
Tony shrugged and took another spoonful of gelato. "Well, it's a good thing Captain Boy Scout was with me, then."
was his greatest responsibility and look! Look at how cute she was just lying there and sleeping and feeling all sorts of safe and secure and warm and loved and—
"Yeah, OK, I'm a little tired. But I still want my gelato."
"Maybe someone different?" Steve said. "Like another identity or something. Like a…female identity."
"Bruce!" Tony called out. "Come have waffles!"
"The chicken and broccoli they have there is usually pretty bland," Tony said. "That should work for her. Last year, she was still on formula, so we didn't have to worry about it."
"You want my help, Captain, or don't you?"
"I don't know, man," Rhodey said but didn't loosen his hold on Tony's arm any. "You are the one insisting on getting married 'cause you're knocked up."
"I guess not," she said with a laugh. "Not much here about any genetic predispositions." She glanced up at Steve. "Would you mind if I asked a little about your history? Your, ah,
"That's kind of egotistical, if you think about it," Natasha murmured.
"Hey," he said, "what have I said about the language?"
"Fuck, I am so sick of people speaking in cryptic word salad," Tony muttered.
"And yet young enough to be my boy-toy. It's an amazing relationship. Nothing like it in the history of the world. We should count ourselves lucky."
"Does he…think we're at a diner?" Barton asked to no one in particular. Bruce just shook his head and made a motion at him to just go with it.
, but only if you call me 'Jane.'"
"Whatever," he muttered. He nodded his head at Steve and said, "He's not going to die, right?"
"What? Why? Why would you think that?"
. I fell in love with
"Don't you
"Yeah?" he said and reached over to brush his fingers over the top of her head. "You don't say?"
Steve paused his movements and blinked at that. "Uh..." he said rather eloquently, but Tony just slapped at his shoulder and said, "No, forget it. Forget I said anything. Just fuck me, Steve."
"So?" Steve asked.
Steve sighed out another breath. "I think that's the chance we have to take. We've come this far. We owe it to everyone — including you. It just means we now have to be…extremely careful how we tread."
comes to the realization himself that it needs to be changed. He can drive you up a wall sometimes."
Barton held up a plate. "Bagel?"
"Fingerprints? What? No, no fingerprints!" Tony said. "And you don't even know that they would match! Very little of me matches what came before."
But he really had thought it was what Tony wanted. He supposed that said a lot about what he thought about Tony, but he was certain Tony had wanted to break it off with him but was too scared to do it, didn't want to be the bad guy, wanted Steve to be the bad guy. Would he take it back, if given the chance? He didn't know. Maybe. Knowing what he knew now, maybe. The 'drowned rat' made for a hell of an image that had been plaguing the periphery of his mind from the moment he'd heard it, and if there was one thing he had never, ever truly wanted to do it was hurt Tony.
at eating out—
He looked so proud at that, so smug, like he'd uttered the absolutely most perfect insult that could ever be leveled at anyone or anything, and Tony almost burst into laughter at the realization that Captain America was an absolute
a foot taller than he was. Jesus. Four,
"I'm sorry. Was I finished?"
Olivia giggled but seemingly went bashful and turned away to press her face into Steve's shoulder but still peeked an eye out to make sure she didn't miss any of what was going on.
to do? I know you're all about science, Tony, but this isn't a science project. It's… It's a kid."
didn't provide that much information."
Bruce just sighed out a breath, and when he spoke, it was more like he was talking to himself than to Tony. "You've already been in mild labor for ten hours now, though, from what you told me earlier, it's probably been a lot longer than that. I'd still say you've got a few more hours to go, and I need to keep an eye on you, but I have no place to put you. Every bed we have is being used."
, but it didn't do anything for that personality of yours."
The lights came on, the hum of computers and other electronics warming up for use, and DUM-E beeped and whirred and rolled on over, shoving the unfinished Widow's bites at him.
"Where other people are?"
"Make me yours, Captain," Tony said, purring the words. "Make me your Antonia." That seemed to be all the assurance Steve needed.
Her voice never lost its calming tone. "Honey, that's what's going to happen whether you want it to or not. Tell me now. I'll go get Steve. I'll tell him exactly what's happening, and he will come storming off that 'jet and scoop you up and find you the nearest bed and make you stay there until this is all over. And he'll pace and worry because the baby's not coming yet and there's a dangerous Hydra cell out there that's taking out power plants left and right."
Tony arched an eyebrow at her. "What's
exactly Hydra had been.
"Well, it's such a welcoming atmosphere," Barton said. "It's like a birthday party you never want to leave!"
," he said again, and Tony looked between Steve and Bruce a few times before he said, "Look, I don't think either one of you
"Yeah, well, I'm sure your mother would be more focused on you shacking up with a
Steve's eyes flashed, and Tony knew then that he knew — he knew that Tony was lying to both of them, and he caught Tony's gaze again then said, "I know," his voice still soft and oozing warmth and comfort, "but I just want to make sure— I mean, you're not doing this to prove a point, right? It's one hundred percent because you want it?"
"Plus, 'princess' is ridiculously patronizing," Tony explained. "Like, oh, you're just a spoiled little pampered princess that always gets her way and people practically bow down before you and kiss your ass on a regular basis whether you deserve it or not."
"Yeah, sure, totally right there," he said and rolled his eyes, the diamond-and-sapphire band catching in the light as he raised the sandwich to his mouth to take another bite.
Tony hummed and nestled the baby into his arms. "Yeah, well, I'm not really sure how to feel about that one."
It was one reason he didn't have that much experience with long-term relationships. A casual fuck was just that. Casual. Brief. Didn't require much commitment or investment. Didn't require one to put much of themself into it beyond what it took to get their rocks off. But a long-term relationship? That left one open to flaws and weaknesses. It left one open to being laid out, spread open, picked apart and not put back together. And Tony… Tony couldn't chance that. Because Tony feared he wasn't strong enough to put himself back together again when he was inevitably broken and left for dead. Because he always would be. Because people always left him. Even Pepper did, and Pepper was the only one he could even fathom allowing himself to be vulnerable for.
So, once his birthday finally rolled around a few days later he wasn't exactly surprised that the most he got from anyone — including Steve — was a cursory 'Happy Birthday' said without much thought. Granted, in the time the Avengers had been together, they'd never made much noise about birthdays or holidays period, but Tony was in a funny mood this year, and he wanted…
…" He whistled. "Yeah, try reconciling
"OK."
"Can you not say his name so sarcastically?"
Tony scoffed. "Yeah," he said and twisted back-and-forth on his chair some, "that would have made more sense. No, this, ah, wormhole opened up and, um—" he grimaced a bit, "—my, uh,
