"That's the problem," she interrupts, hand loosening on her cane, and half turning, she places it against the wall, absently flexing her fingers as she looks at him.  "When I met you, I believed you when you told me what you intended to do for us, even if I couldn't read it out of you."
The not entirely still surface of the bed doesn't seem to affect his throw. "I'm not betting this time."
"Fuck off, would you?" he says, concentrating on the shape of the door; so that's where it's coming from.  "No, wait, you're doing that now.  Having problems with your army?  Where is it, by the way?"
"I doubt he cared as long as it resulted in me leaving Rome." Cornelia's eyelids lower, but not before Dean sees something cold in their depths, the kind of hatred that can last a lifetime.  "He'll wait, however.  First, I shall have from Rome what I am owed."
"Believe it or not," Crowley murmurs, "I'm trying to help."  The distracting brush of lips shatters his attention and Crowley's wet tongue slides eagerly into his mouth.
Following the hazily familiar length of a brick wall, he emerges into the courtyard of a burned out apartment building, lawn grown wild, a grey stone fountain pushes out of the chaos like a landmark as tangled vines creeping up from the empty base.  Bathed in the thin light of a cloud-choked sky, the world seems to be fading more with every moment the passes, sickly yellow-greens and muted browns melting into a unending grey, and Castiel crosses a silent lawn the stretches the length of the universe beneath the gaze of windows like lidless eyes.
("Welcome back STDs, we hardly missed you," Vera said wistfully with a sigh that Joseph echoed.  "I'll remind Alicia to give the talk to everyone leaving the camp to hang out with the locals.")
Coming back, Castiel crouches to peer down at Dean hanging almost four feet from the floor below, boots dangling mid-air, a smile stretching across his face as Dean's accusing stare reminds him of the last time he found him hanging from a roof.  At least this time, he's wearing shoes.
"I'll break the wards," Cas says tonelessly, but he's paying attention enough to notice Dean isn't keeping up.  "Once broken, I'll show you how to revoke your consent to my claim on you that was given de facto when you gave me your blood to use in them."
the infected zone--and not gonna lie, they're a story in themselves--Cas told you back then, what would you have done? Killed all the team leaders?"
Ink slithers over the plaster, forming four pictures: Demeter, eyes alight in rage, one hand outstretched toward the dry, barren earth, the red-orange sun huge in the sky and beating mercilessly on the piles of skeletal bodies piled around her; dry-eyed and bitterly satisfied, Clytemnestra standing over Agamemnon in his bloody bath with an axe in her hand; Hecuba smiles, holding the eyes of the dead sons of the King of Thracia resting on her palm, their lifeless bodies at her feet; Medea, laughing wildly while her dragon-drawn chariot carryies her from the corpse of Jason' new-wed wife, body surrounded by the dismembered bodies of her own children.
"And time to think of them as well," he answers flatly.  "This isn't and will never be one of them.  Teresa, how you could even think--"
Skirts or shendyt were typical apparel for men of all classes, from laborers to pharaohs. But by the time this poem was written, shendyt were worn short. They certainly weren't long & billow-y. Essentially I added a "skirt blows up in the wind during the youth's first meeting with the hippo and probably flashes the hippo his junk." I'm so, so sorry.
"You should sleep," he says, earning himself a snort from Dean.  "The morning patrol will require instruction at dawn before they go out and the night patrol will report to you directly afterward before they go off-duty"
!" Cas gives him a disappointed look.  "Sorry," he adds, not sorry at all but ready to move on.  "If we'd kept her talking a little longer--"
"It's still early."  Rubbing his eyes, he tries to think.  "Where are they being housed anyway? Third?"
Dean's, however, didn't come with the strict, merciless training that began in early childhood and continued throughout apprenticeship, unforgiving of weakness and uncertainty, tested and tempered and shaped to bear the responsibilities of the power they would wield and pay the price it would exact without hesitation.  The ability to enslave the very earth isn't one that can be entrusted to anyone who would ever imagine doing it, and that was only one of the things Teresa could do; to share even a little of her knowledge with anyone not raised from birth in her traditions would be dangerous enough, but outsiders who embraced them with whole hearts and minds would always be accepted.  Neeraja and Sudha are neither of those things, and her choice to teach them any part of what she did was one of faith and desperate hope; hope that it would be enough to save them all, and faith that whatever qualities had made her choose them would be proven true when they were tested.
"When they brought Carol.  She talked to Andy and explained how it works here."  Evelyn looks away, mouth working soundlessly. "Alicia--she said she'd handle it, she did it, uh--last time, and Vera said she'll do the final check." She finally meets his eyes, red-rimmed eyes bright with unshed tears.  "He's ready, Dean. He's just waiting for you."
"Oh God no.  I skidded by just like I had before but suspended my social life during finals.  Mostly."  He gapes at her.  "Graduated at the bottom half of my class, but I did graduate."
.  The room is mine, and so is all within it.  No one else has any right to it.  It's not empty; I fill it very well."
"What?" Dean exclaims, but something in his expression tells Castiel perhaps he did notice...something.  He should find out one day.  "I'm not territory!"
"Sit down."  Looking around their room, Dean takes a deep breath as Cas gingerly sits down on the edge of the bed.  "Alicia's got a plan."
, as it turns out, was an understatement; if Cas isn't in motion, he desperately wants to be.  Even when he's still (rare, and usually medically necessary), it's obviously under protest, a near-visible vibration growing beneath his skin.  From Vera, he knows Amanda's regularly dragging him to the training field a couple of hours every day when Dean's sleeping (he assumes as part of the plan to keep Cas occupied and Vera sane: it's a small cabin to share with a sick guy and a living, breathing example of perpetual motion even when infinite knowledge isn't being used against her), but from what he can tell, all that does is take the edge off.  Even Dean's constant exhaustion is cowed by all that aggressive, barely contained energy, like he's getting a contact hit from sheer proximity.
"Because I'm not," he adds firmly, which just means Cas's eyebrows get in on the action, vanishing into parts unknown. "Not even on the table."
Shucking off his boots and coat, Cas climbs over him, and it's hard to fight the smile, because it's been a long time since Cas did that.  Rolling over, Dean notes Cas--for once--doesn't station himself on the opposite side of the bed, curling up comfortably beneath the blankets less than a foot away and looking genuinely startled to realize how close they are but noticeably not enough to move.
"Very wise,  Boxcars," Cas agrees, picking up the dice and rolling again: yeah, this is fun and really illustrating...something.  "We weren't supposed to be in Ichabod to stop that attack; the children were supposed to die to prove the sacrificial circle worked and the human infiltrators were supposed to survive and finish the plan to get everyone to Ichabod except for those too stubborn for the geas to work with or those who were part of the sacrifice. All these people here--Alicia was correct, the humans working with the demons were trying to balance the wrong they committed, but only because a demon told them what they could do would accomplish that."
Lucifer rolls his eyes, skin washed to a sickly yellow in the light of walls, each sigil gleaming gold and bright enough to light up the whole world.  "Maybe I don't want to kill him.  Maybe I just want him to give up."
"Recently promoted," Castiel says carefully without reference to reason, assuming Dean will make the appropriate connections.  "Sometimes, she didn't even have to grit her teeth before speaking to me, which in all honesty put her far ahead of many in the camp."
aren't the problem in this scenario," Teresa says wryly. "We're all lucky she didn't drag you into the garden the second you said you wanted to do it; she does shit like that.  So, better to have a full witch do the introductions; while it's doubtful anything would occur that Zena couldn't handle, there was no reason to take the risk.  Of course, your full consent was required first, after an explanation of the benefits and especially the risks," she adds.  "But when Mama was done, you said yes.  No hesitation. She had to go on faith you actually listened to a word she said."
"It wasn't. Deathbed," she whispers, blood bubbling up between her lips.  "Thought about it.  On the way here.  I was going to survive.  And prove it.  That I was sorry."
Dean closes his eyes, laughing quietly.  "Fine, I deserved that.  Though right now--hey, how long until midnight?"
"Yes.  From my observations, none of them would hesitate to do just that if required, and no one wants a broken nose in addition to reproaches from all who care for you.  That would hurt on multiple levels and there's a dearth of competent plastic surgeons in the infected zone if your septum became unfortunately deviated."
"That's assuming--wrongly--that only virgin women take orders; in case this wasn't obvious, that's often the exception, not the rule.  Chasity is a requirement of service, but certainly doesn't extend to the time before they took orders."  Uneasily, he starts to wonder just how often Dean slept during history class.  "In any case, a virginity requirement is generally a drawback when  it comes to any ritual magic, especially human sacrifice in pursuit of gaining power  Those that do require it are rarely used unless it's the only option, and even more rarely are they successful.  What defines 'virginity' can be subject to a surprising amount of interpretation and can vary by culture due to the differences in terminology as well as period of time.  The corruption of presumed purity via sexual congress, willing or not, is most often simply a revolting perk."
"Actually, yeah."  Dean smiles at him, bright as a new morning, before pushing off the jeep an circling to the passenger side door.  Sliding onto the ground, Castiel scans the area that Dean threw the keys.  "You know how to hotwire the jeep, right?"
"Which means there were times I wasn't." Dean sighs in resignation.  "What'd I say, Cas? Crossroad, Lucifer, Crowley, who?"
"Trying to divide and conquer," Dean finishes for him, and pauses to study his expression.  "It wasn't just that, though."
"In other words, they're wasting it," Dean interprets, not surprised at all.  "Remind me to get you better subjects."
Bewilderment, Castiel thinks: that's another word I didn't know before I met you.  At least, not this often.
"They were shot in the head."  She looks past him, and he wonders if she's seeing that hospital now.  "I got some sheets, covered them up--and I told them I'd take care of everything.  And I did: I broke the padlock on the nursery doors with my trusty sledgehammer and went inside.  You ever seen--no, I asked you that already, forgot.  Sorry."
"Do I need to ask permission to go do something?" Alicia asks Dean in the electrified silence.  "With Amanda, I mean.  I really need everyone here before I start anyway, and we need to double check something, if that's okay?"
"Do you know how to repair bathroom tile?" he asks as Dean expertly cleans it, reaching into the kit for a fresh piece of gauze and rewrapping his knuckles, thumb securing the bandage as he tears of a piece of tape with his teeth.
"Who's only going for sex with Laura," Joe interjects.  "Seriously, they'll get a room and not leave it, probably until it's time to come home."
"You mean they'll just assume I'm an asshole if I don't remember something that they do."  Cas cracks a smile, not even bothering to deny it.  "I forgot to ask: you said other hunters taught you.  Which ones do I need to know about before we get there?"
Looking at Cas, drinking coffee and pushing his hair out of his eyes--fuck his life, that's still goddamn adorable--Dean remembers when he thought there was nothing left in Cas but anger; it looks like someone else was counting on just that.
"Those native to the continent were content with their own rulers," Cornelia answers, straight faced.  "We have contracted alliances with many of them, and it is rude indeed to declare war on friends and allies."
"The meals you've experienced there are beyond words to describe, though strangely, you did keep trying," Cas continues, coming to a full stop to examine what may or may not have once been a county road; with the lack of asphalt, it's hard to tell.  "Steak, medium rare with black pepper and kosher salt and baked potatoes, roasted chicken with rosemary and peas and carrots, vegetarian lasagna--I wasn't aware you were so fond of dishes that don't contain meat--beef and cheese enchiladas, paneer curry with rice, a Denver omelet--not made in Denver, I assume, though anything's possible--with homefries, which is I think involves potatoes--"
"Option one: you leave here, go to your cabin and get your shit, grab a ration pack from supply, and leave."  Dean pauses, studying Sidney.  "Option two: you stay.  You'll be confined to your cabin when off-duty for the next month, and Cas will decide what your duties are gonna be, but assume there's gonna be a lot of mowing in your immediate future just to start.  After a month, Cas gives me a report on how you're doing, and we'll decide what happens next."  Before Sidney can do more than gape, Dean adds, "You show up here at dawn tomorrow, I'll assume you want to stay.  You're dismissed."
Her voice changes into something that hurts to hear: wonder.  "Cas would wait for me to arrive, and if I was late, he'd ask why and wait for me to answer.  Before we started, he'd ask about my day, what happened, if I was injured on duty.  If I didn't tell him--I did that once," she interrupts herself. "Only once, though.  I--my side, just a bruised rib, but it hadn't happened on duty and I didn't think...anyway, I missed a step, and Cas saw--I don't know, but he stopped me and asked who I'd rather have examine me in the future before and after each session, him or Amanda.  And I should know he checked Amanda daily and it was always professional or something like that, he used a lot of words.  Also, I got a lecture on disappointment and losing fingers: I was
"The power from the sacrifice would eventually run out, but the Grace of my Brethren in Hell replenishes itself," he answers.  "Why kill them when you could break them and force their submission to your will; then you'd have at your command the Grace of an angel as well as all that they rule in Hell."
Dropping flat, Castiel feels the passage of the Hellhound over him and twists sideways before it finishes its landing, crouched and ready as it turns on him, jaws gaping wide and wet with slaver, the low growl reverberating up his spine as it contemplates the odds of catching him this time.
"Just one question." He pauses for a melodramatic moment of badly manufactured curiosity, eyes widening to provide unneeded emphasis, and scratches his temple with the barrel of his gun before seeming to think better of it.  "How the hell did you get Dean's merry band of psychopaths to go along with that bullshit?"
be drinking heavily during a conversation like this.  Christ, there isn't even alcohol in the goddamn room.
"I've been told it’s the best medicine."  He considers for a moment.  "No one can think clearly when they're afraid or in pain; this much of the human condition I've learned intimately.  I would not offer you false hope, but--in your position I'd tell me to take my clever ideas and fuck myself with them. I need you to believe what I'm telling you, because it's true. We can do this."
"We should have seen something," she answers.  "Today, he had to be in view of the gate to see you leave before following you, and sure, there's a couple of blind spots, but he'd have to have passed in view to get to 'em.  And I don't buy he sat there for days doing nothing else; demons don’t have that kind of patience.  He's been visible at least twice and they all know exactly where to watch."
Drew nods tiredly, and Alicia looks at Castiel: that would be a very long time for a concussion.  "Two hours, maybe a little less."
Joe frowns, fingers tapping restlessly against the arm of the chair, and Dean can see him thinking about it, carefully evaluating them as purely trade partners.  "I don't think it's a coincidence that Harlin's doing better than any town we've seen up close yet, and guessing, the other four are doing just as good.  And I liked what I saw and what Mike and Leah told me about.  More importantly, getting them will go a long way toward potentially settling with any other towns who don't know if what we say we want is what we mean to get."  He pauses, looking more thoughtful.  "Everyone had something to bring to the table, which I think helped a lot, especially since I don't think they expected what we were offering."
Dean's education in (something like) politics was tripled yesterday, but since it'd been near zero before, that's still not much. He does get, however, why that would be a problem, especially since he's not a mayor and Chitaqua's command structure makes things--complicated.
From her expression, she does know that but doesn't want to admit it.  "--and your militia is terrifying even when they're playing normal, which by the way, maybe you should work on that?"  He doesn't dignify that with a response, mostly because it's probably true.  "I believed you anyway. I still do, and I don't know why."
The moment the opening is big enough, Cornelia gestures sharply and approaches, careless of splinters, and once inside, all Dean can see is her stop short.
As if he were waiting for acknowledgement first, Castiel hears him click the safety.  "Stay where you are, Castiel."
"His guilt is unquestionable, his repentance non-existent: he is a dog, Alicia, and you don't reason with a dog that bites;  you eliminate it so it cannot do it again."
"We gotta talk to Alison and Teresa," Dean says with a sigh.  "She gonna kill us if we wake 'em up?"
"You'll need someone to help with the patients once the thorazine wears off," he says casually.  "I'm not a linebacker, of course, but I think I can be of assistance and spare one of your orderlies potential injuries.  Perhaps even two."
"Thought it was a nice night for a broken leg," Dean grinds out, turning his attention back to grimly navigating the wall of the cabin without any noticeable reluctance despite the sheer lack of hand and footholds.  "Match the foot you broke, you dick. What does it look like I'm doing?"
"Oh, thank God," she says, falling back in her chair.  "No problem then.  How long do you need before you start?"
, but not just the pattern of human sacrifice and not just that it was new to all of Creation.  I also
Castiel watches Dean jog toward Alison's building for a moment before returning his attention to Amanda, whose alarm abruptly returns.  This shouldn't take long.
"You don't have to answer now," she says, grinning at him as she reaches the first step. "Take some time."
He shrugs.  "I'm betting she saw whatever it was with the two of you better than you did.  Considering you were pretty stoned half the time."
Finishing his bottle, he glances around at the people perched on the picnic tables and sitting on the ground just outside the circle of bared earth.  In the flickering light of the slowly growing fire, he catches glimpses of pale faces set in grim determination, some crumbling into grief, shiny trails tracing their cheeks, others hidden in shaking hands or nearby shoulders.  He didn't realize he was looking for Cas until he realizes he's on his third search of the grieving faces, and he isn't masochistic enough to do that voluntarily without a good reason.
"Parachuting demons," Dean muses. "I'm trying to imagine it and keep getting stuck at--all of it, actually.  Even a helicopter: it's just not working."
The footsteps return, and Dean grabs the remaining gauze and pads before he can reach for them. "Fine," he says roughly, reaching for Castiel's wrist. "If you're gonna act like a goddamn five year old--"
So they're doing this the hard way.  "Why'd you write your true name into the binding for the wards?"
"Wait here," Dean tells him and even nudges the laptop temptingly closer in the spirit of compromise or something.  "Update the shift schedule until I get back."
"Because I am," Joe answers.  "Democracy's great, I approve, but not live and in person about vegetable quotas and livestock breeding for a whole goddamn day.  However, they also need to see--not just know--that you're both voting members of the alliance and see you actually doing it.  We trade less goods, more services, but it's still trade, not payment by the highest bidder for services rendered and never will be."
"Lena--not as witty as she thinks she is," Alicia continues venomously.  "And if Mark could learn the difference between 'explaining something' and 'so condescending he's lucky I didn't rack him', that'd be great.  Penn and her--"
Mouth dry, Dean braces himself when he remembers he's not the only one in Kansas for whom that barrier was pretty goddamn useful.  "Alison."
"You're probably wondering why," Alicia continues blithely.  "I was wondering, too, and then it occurred to me; we are way too cynical as people and that, my friends, is sad.  We should trust our fellow man, is what I'm saying, and instead of judging, we just listen.  To their explanations of 'motive to cross the state of Kansas to walk in the snow to Ichabod'.  Sure, so much lying and weirdness but there's got to be a truth in there somewhere, am I right? So we picked the ones that sound--well, sane.  The military coming back, for example." Alicia looks around the table.  "Big mistake.  Huge.  Let's not do that."
Taking a steadying breath, Castiel wonders incredulously what his Father was thinking during the design stage; human bodies are remarkably resistant to understanding context when reacting to stimulus.  Especially, he reflects resentfully as Dean makes a quiet noise that he chooses not to identify for his own sanity, when the stimulus is sexually unavailable.  Surely some kind of override should have been installed to deal with circumstances like this, especially when the random element of sexuality is a factor, and usually depressingly so.
"Right," Dean says, expression going through several variations of something before he reaches up to rub the bridge of his nose with his right hand, the one on Castiel's shoulder staying very satisfactorily where it is, "so--Lucifer confirmed they were dead, right, wouldn't appear in the future after that day?  They couldn't hide from him."
"Kids these days," Dean agrees absently, his attention riveted on Cas's name.  Something's definitely happening now; thin lines of light emerge, absorbing the blood before spreading over the wall like living vines, and with a sense of growing anticipation, Dean watches them crawl toward the key.
"I'm sure if I had the time, I would be," he answers.  "Until then, assume this is simply morbid curiosity."
"I have no idea how to do that," he admits, turning and bracing an elbow on the arm of the couch to watch.  "Tacks worked very well."
"Got it," Chuck hesitates, giving Dean a searching look. "You know, Cas is--if he finds out you left the camp…"
He feels a press of warm lips against the back of his neck, the arm around his waist tightening.  "Good morning," Cas whispers against his skin, sending a shiver through his nerves that's echoed with the scrape of stubble as Cas works his way to his shoulder.  "How are you feeling?"
"How'd he get you to talk about it?" Dean asks, picking up his cup with a casualness he doesn't feel.  "Sympathy, empathy, a few shots of whiskey...?"
He thinks, startled: Dean was right.  I don't give up anything.  Even if there's no sane reason not to.
"To count bullets, and Tara to mess up his count and make him do it all again for over two hours now?" Sean closes his eyes. "So Tara, you with the hammer, I just need to find out what Lena and Kim were doing---did you actually recruit your
"No, and yes," she answers.  "I mean--she should be here, letting us prep her to get that leg, but...she's not going to do it."  She swallows, mouth starting to tremble. "I--I just finished checking her, and Dolores confirmed; gangrene's set in.  Surgery failed."
Alison considers her answer. "Yes and no, and that goes for both the adults and the kids, by the way.  Especially with the younger ones--no one sane can hold a grudge there.  I think they'll be okay, we're giving them all the time and attention they need.  The older ones, though--I think it might be better, for them, not to live in the place their parents died, along with seeing--seeing the people responsible for their deaths."
"I'm sure if I knew your reasons, that would not be my foremost thought," he answers, unbearably relieved at the change in topic.  "Please enlighten me."
"The second class was different."  He smiles faintly. "Vera hated something called PE class and it was a literal effort to make her do laps.  I had to have Amanda
Alicia's also a team leader, one Cas picked himself, which makes sense; nothing quite builds up trust like someone who worked with Vera on your goddamn spine.  Some secrets have to be kept, Alicia's name is never mentioned in those records no one knew Vera was making for a patient no one knew she had because no one knew she was a nurse.  Because in this camp, paranoia is a way of life.
Castiel sighs, playing with the bottle absently.  "Despite what you might think, finding a sex partner when you don't know how to do that isn't easy," he starts.  "Especially when over two-thirds of the potential candidates are terrified of you, you actively dislike seven-tenths of them, and that's only the ones you know well enough to dislike.  And sexuality…."  He really has no words for that.
When he gets to the walls, he scans them carefully until he finds the sigils, all well-worn and from the look of them, frequently refreshed with a convenient knife, though few show bloodsign at all, much less anything fresh  Considering the number and that Cas is the only one he's seen out here, he'd probably bleed out well before he got more than ten feet if he tried to do them all.
"Yeah," Nate confirms, and Dean gets the feeling this conversation could use something, like--something.  "Then tourists could come in and talk about how cool and weird it was and it loved hearing that."
"The geas," he answers. "It's not random, those fears do have something in common; it's selecting the most recent strong expression of fear--as in the most recent you
Dean looks between them, wondering why Cas looks amused.  "You wanna catch me up?  How'd they get her map?"
"No, they didn't," she answers evenly.  "And she was sweet as fucking pie to fucking Carol.  Sarah, come on, she was over the line
"Had to go somewhere," Dean says reasonably, looking down at Castiel, who is indeed doing something very much like sleeping, barely a slit of blue visible now.  Crowley can't blame him; from here, he can sense that all of Castiel's energy is turned to reforming in the image Dean wants for him, and Dean's slowed the process to a crawl, assuring every detail is exactly as it should be before moving on.  "Let him up to burn it out: can't argue with the results."  He meets Crowley's eyes.  "I couldn't let him hate me, come on.  I promised him we'd fix that no matter how many times we had to start over."
"She brought me lunch anyway," he says, gaze drifting away.  "It was revolting.  She laughed at me the entire time."  His eyes narrow.  "It was like a chain saw and I didn't even have a hangover."
Ana looks startled when she comes in to see Dean already on the couch one and a half hours after dawn, well fed and with enough caffeine and D-amphetamine whatever in his bloodstream to laugh in the face of detox.  The taste of hypocrisy on multiple levels is bitter, but pills usually are, and he put extra sugar in the coffee to see if it would help; it did, thanks,
Amanda looks up with a cheerful smile from the paper spread out on the table before her.  "What, no coffee…." Her expression fixes, eyes flickering from his face down to the remains of the gun in his hand and back.  "Metal stress ball, that's new.  Everything okay?"
"I'm sorry," he says sincerely, turning off the water and reaching for a plate.  "I thought perhaps humans only did that on television."
The honesty surprises him; they get along okay, but he thinks that it's possible they're not in just leader-subordinate territory anymore. He didn't expect that, not of Vera's roommate, not this soon.
, along with talking about her leader's relationship status, anyway?  Because that's what's important  here. "It's not a secret, no.  Just…."
Before he can move, the gloom near the rack starts to thicken, curls of darkness forming lines and edges that resolve into the uncertain shape of a door.  A door that immediately begins to shake, like a whole bunch of tiny, frantic hooves are hitting it all at once.
Lust has no measure, no difference be found in quality or quantity; it simply is, uncontrollable in elicitation and lacking in discernment in who or what may inspire its presence.  He's long reconciled himself to the mindlessness of it; the choice of where he takes his pleasure and with whom is and has always been his own.  How humans could make a mess of something so simple was baffling; then again, many things human are, and that which could not be understood, if it could not be learned, must be accepted.
"Okay, think I got everything," Dean is saying.  "So we should--" he pauses, looking at them for a minute. "Uh, so you need more time?"
"You've been evaluating me," Dean interrupts.  "I thought you were just being your creepy angel stalker self when we're in the city, not like I'm not used to it."  His expression is curious.  "You were testing me?"
"I think Alison would appreciate it if we didn't," he agrees, watching the thin lotion pool in Dean's palm before he reaches between them.  Bracing himself doesn't help at all; the tentative brush of Dean's fingers is electric.  Sucking in a breath, he feels Dean still briefly and has just enough time to wonder if he should begin his prepared discussion on the vagaries of human sexuality in modern times (Kinsey might be a useful reference) when Dean's hand wraps around his cock and he realizes he's grinning as if--he's not sure, but watching Dean jerk him off he
She cocks her head, frowning.  "The look on your face when I mentioned recruitment.  Did you change your mind about that?"
When he arrives in the Situation Room, he finds Haruhi helping Derek with the boxes (excellent progress) while Victoria works on the laptop enthusiastically.  Seeing him enter, Haruhi gets up with a smile.  "Hey, what's up?"
That's changed, and those two nights made that painfully obvious. He doesn't need them simply to think; now he needs them to
"You move, I'll fucking kill you," Dean says savagely, getting to his feet and wiping a blood-streaked hand across his forehead.  "Don't fucking move.  Stay awake, Cas.  I'll be right back."
"Like mass panic, social breakdown, fragmentation, revolution, any of that ring a bell?" Chuck gestures wildly. "Croatoan isn't what's going to wipe us off the planet; we're taking care of that ourselves.  Much longer…." He trickles off, realizing again that with Dean's death, this Apocalypse thing was already won.  "Anyway--"
"Jeremy." He doesn't regret it at all when Cas retreats the half foot to the table to wrap himself up in his blanket or try to stop him because this is the fucking kitchen and...they're talking about Jeremy, right.  Also, plumbing.  Sitting up, he reaches back inside to flip the water valve before getting to his feet, looking for the stopper and setting it in the sink.  "So that would be the important thing you and Vera needed to do this afternoon." He knew he recognized that vaguely squirrely thing Cas was doing after lunch.
Going up the uneven porch steps, they pass through the darkened living room, and he only belatedly notices they've bypassed the couch when Cas opens the door to the bedroom and flips on the light.  Blinking away spots from the sudden brightness from the bare overhead bulb, Dean stares at the neatly made bed in surprise.
"Why don't you want to cancel the deal?" he asks instead, not surprised at all by the flash of relief when he doesn't question her further.  "If you can't trust me--"
Vera nods, doing the most expert weaponization of respectful attention that Dean's ever had the privilege to see, and just for that, he really wishes he could get to know her.  "Yes, sir."
"I was merely exploring hypotheticals," Crowley admits, raising his eyebrows in tacit acknowledgement.  "You do realize I can't do anything about it being used to remake the barrier?  That it's happening is all I know."
"He's always worked alone."  Lee is also solitary and somewhat taciturn, but if he's formed relationships with contacts outside the camp, then he should be able to adapt.  Everyone should have the opportunity to learn new things. "Jane would be an excellent for his team."
Looking back at him, Dean stills at his expression, throat closing at the sheer wonder, like--holy shit, he had
"I told you, I can't sense anything yet."  It takes an hour in most cases to show the first stage, but it can be as long as two.  "We should--"
"Thanks."  Flipping the page, Dean skims the tentative terms again: guns and ammo, of course, and some tentative suggestions on helping with planting and harvesting or livestock or repairing buildings and houses for occupation, but Joe underlined the 'training' thing three times to emphasize that went over really, really well with a tiny note that he thinks is 'Alison actually looked less than bored for a second there', because Joe's observations are kind of hilarious when readable.  "Nice job, by the way. In case that wasn't really fucking obvious."
Mouth dry, he looks upon the shape of his life in all its brilliance, his comfort and his rest.  "Say it again."
Sappho nods uncertainly, eyes darting toward the burned ground, then back to Cornelia, expression intent.  "Your--son's,
"Your recitation of Homer was sublime last night, and your accent impeccable," Cornelia agrees. "I was indeed entertained."
"Yeah, I was thinking the same thing."  Dean frowns distractedly.  "You mind if I assign someone to come by for a check-in with whoever's on duty here?  Once an hour, make sure everything's--happening, whatever."
, and he blinks slowly, forcing himself to focus.  Blinking--he can still do that, excellent, and breathe, that, too--there's room to think again, and he examines what's holding him. He's not the only one; Jeremy and Joelle, Carol, Cathy, and Kyle, all show signs of similar immobility, though Alicia and--unfortunately, Micah--do not.  He tests the pressure surrounding him--it's malleable, nothing at all like a box or a corpse--but there's very little give.  He'd be interested in finding out how Erica did it--and where on earth she acquired the power, for that matter--but Micah's standing again, snow clinging to his jeans and looking considerably less sane, which is saying a great deal.
"No," Dean answers, resting his chin on one hand.  "I think, unlike Joe, you couldn't blow it off afterward."
Dean blinks, realizing he's been staring at the door again: five minutes, Alicia told him despairingly.  Five minutes, and I would have been there.  It was only seconds: seconds, and Andy would have been safe.
He sweeps the room with a contemptuous glance, its occupants unmoving, hoping only not to draw notice, their lives spared, uncaring it comes at the expense of another.   He was hunted the length of a day before the averted eyes of an entire camp, who went armed to their rest that evening behind locked doors, hoping indifference would be mistaken for ignorance, hoping cowardice would be thought practical, hoping that their lives would be spared at the expense of his own. For they knew exactly what they were doing that night; they simply didn't care.
Castiel ignores the charged silence as they sort through the cardboard box of tea bags, choosing their favorites from the variety available.  To his surprise, Dean picks over them for several seconds before fishing out two, dropping one in Castiel's cup and then his own.
"You came outside after me, though," Dean interrupts, green eyes unreadable. "Before you knew anyone was infected."
He nods, mouth dry; that would describe it very adequately.  "Corruption.  At this stage, for the earth, it's like living death; it's being consumed until it's almost starved but kept living just enough to be an ongoing source of feeding."
"What.  The.  Hell?" she demands as she examines it again; her memory isn't eidetic, but there are benefits to receiving a carefully contained memory from a former angel.  "You...."
"Feeling better?" Cas says, tilting his head with impersonal curiosity, and for no reason at all, Dean feels a start of wariness.
"Gloria's responses to Chuck's correspondence, as well as Vera's and Jeremy's reports from their time with Gloria, are here," Cas tells him, sitting cross-legged on the other side of the coffee table as he points to each neatly organized pile, sorted descending by date, because Cas.  "By my order, they didn't enter Alpha or leave Gloria's home during their stay, and Gloria assured that no one knew of their presence."
"Yeah."  He strokes down Cas's back, feeling the muscles tense beneath his fingers. "Look, we still have to question Kat--"
"I hoped I wouldn't need to point that out," he tells Dean contentedly, tucking his freezing nose against Dean's less-freezing neck.  "I don't particularly like fighting with you."
"I hate her," he whispers brokenly, feeling Dean's hand stroking down his back, murmuring reassurance he can't hear through the rush of anger. "But when I think of Lucifer, what he's done--compared to that, it's...."
"If you can, please do," he agrees sincerely before continuing.  "Our second item of concern is the Hellhounds currently circling Ichabod's walls searching for a break in the salt line.  The internal lines at each gate and door are under heavy guard, and for those doorways currently bricked, a salt line was laid beneath each one; when we're done, we'll be able to successfully fix the external lines as well as block the opening of each alcove that leads to a brick door and give the city further protection."  Everyone nods, unworried.  "Hellhounds generally move in packs and I visually confirmed the presence of five.  The attack on Carol and subsequent attempt at disengagement confirms they've been purposed to a specific person, but the personal supervision of a demon during the Croat attack--and for that matter, the Croat attack itself--implies this contract is...." How to put this.  "Somewhat ambiguous in the terms."
Taking a step toward him, he makes himself meet the wide blue eyes, the stunned look of animal in the middle of a highway as death bears down on it at sixty miles an hour, nowhere to run, or maybe a man staring down at the lifeless corpse of his brother stretched out on a cot in front of him.  There's more than one way for a world to end, and Dean knows them all, every goddamn one.
Dean does exactly as he's told, feeling every goddamn inch of that belt before he's facing Cas again as he buckles it in place.  "Do you want to carry right or left?"
"No."  Castiel sees him abruptly stuff his hand into his jacket pocket.  "So it's all of Kansas, you think?"
"And nothing particularly...." There's a lesson in this, he suspects, but what he has no idea.  "He was my first.  Sex partner."
"Very, and every day the strain on her is growing.  Everyone she speaks to now are minds she's used to and knows very, very well and can filter through her shields with minimal risk and at minimal cost to herself.  While line of sight and proximity helps shorten the amount of time it takes to find him when she lowers her shields, she'd still be exposed to every mind in this town during that time."
"What about the novice--the kids had to know her name, too."  Alison makes a face.  "Don't tell me--they couldn't remember it.  Because of fucking course they can't."
"I'll come back later," Chuck is saying, like he just realized if he gets out now, he may live a few more hours.  It's cute that he thinks that.
Teresa and Alison are both awake, and Alison only sighs when she opens the door, leading them to the kitchen, redolent with the smell of coffee and inhabited by a grim-looking Teresa in jeans and a flannel, dark hair half falling out of a messy knot, standing in front of the kitchen table looking at a map of Ichabod--one of Tony's new ones by the existence of the wall on it.
to try to talk to people.  And despite what was probably some serious discouragement, persisted to the point that half the town was talking about the weird
"I didn't expect you to return until tomorrow, and I don't particularly care what I eat," he answers, sitting up and watching Dean carefully, and sees the tiny smirk.  "Yes, Joseph's casual appearance at six yesterday to invite me to dinner and insistence my absence would be a social solecism which would cause deep pain for everyone involved was extremely persuasive."
7.) The Salonia story is real; what I left out is that Cato did it--because he was this much of a dick--as a fuck you to his son by his patrician first wife.  You may be familiar with her great-great granddaughter--we know her as Portia, wife of Brutus, assassin of Julius Caesar.
"I love you," Dean breathes, leaning down for another hard kiss, unable to pull away before tasting blood, then takes the knife and sits up to look at Spado.  "Revert it."
The volunteer desk is set just in front of the stairs two-thirds of the way into the room, and Dean makes a mental note to talk to Naresh or Manuel about coming in here and working out how to makes sure the volunteers have at least one clear line of evacuation other than the stairs, since setup right now means they're under siege with no way out.
"I would normally be more modest, but yes," he agrees and is rewarded with Dean's smile.  "Or rather, our sessions together; she's an excellent student and I was very thorough as she advanced.  If she'd had direct contact with the maps, it would be useless, but now it's going between people, and that does have a very small psychic component, and that much protects her.  Would that I could work out how to teach people who aren't not psychic to do that; it would fix this very quickly."
"That was never an option," Dean interrupts pleasantly and Micah flinches: good.  "Why not do it in the field; at least then they could try and claim accidental shooting or something."
"Yes," he answers as he carefully pours two cups.  "I must not have been as encouraging as I'd hoped."
"I'll stay and help Dean clean up," Joe says easily, and Dean tries not to let his expression change.  Sounds like fun.
"I think it's safe to remove the restraints now.  Hold still."  Cool fingers brush his hand as Cas peels open the cuff from his wrist, and Dean tries to flex his hand against the mattress, then move his arm.  While his arm throbs at the motion and his fingers feel thick, uncoordinated, like they're wrapped up in layers of plastic, all sensation muted, there's no stiffness in his shoulder.  Letting his hand relax, he looks up at Cas speculatively.  The more you know: Cas learned the right way to tie someone up.
"It means the goddess didn't remove their memories," Castiel says softly.  "I told you, a god wouldn't do it like this, they wouldn't know how.  I did it, and then my own.  It doesn't make sense. Why wouldn't I simply let her remove the design from their minds or do it myself?"
"Question is, will she ever see them." A question for the ages.  Giving some final instructions to Erica, he dismisses everything from his mind but Cas.  If he'd ignored that sudden blankness and decided to talk about it later instead of coming out here to see what Cas was up to, if Erica hadn't warned him--yeah, Cas's lawn took care of the immediate threat, but that's not the point.  Cas shouldn't have to tell him anything; this is Cas.  Dean should already have
"You know, that much I guessed," she says.  "Mostly, though, I think that he wanted to make sure you didn't find out before he could tell you himself."  She reaches for the doorknob. "Meet you in the Situation Room?"
"I wasn't sure they'd believe me or tell you or think it was important enough," she says in a rush, giving up.  "I couldn't risk--Master, they weren't here for you at all, that was just an excuse.  They were here for
(along with hearing a patrol report and finding out Cas can sing), but that's kind of undeniable at this point.  It happens, moving on.  At least out of the bathroom.
Gently, Cas slides an arm under his back, easing him semi-upright, and the wave of vertigo sends the world spinning briefly before he's leaning back against something solid (Cas, on a guess).
"You're worried."  Dean stares at him wordlessly.  "You shouldn't be.  They all seemed like very pleasant people, at least on such short acquaintance."
"Hold up your arm," she says, tugging back his right sleeve and running her fingers over the scarring from the brownie, fingers trickling faintly over the bandaged Croat bite.  "No sensation yet?"
"No way you could."  Dean resists to the urge to shake him, or calmly get up, go out the door, drag Cyn out of her cabin, and put a gun to her head before he asks her one question and hope to God he can believe her answer.  "No one told you."
As they come in the house, Cornelia nods to the sour looking steward as she hands over her cloak, and Dean sees Sappho's eyes fix on him for a moment, thoughtful.  "Your--guest," the steward says even more sourly still, adding an edge of contempt to the noun, "is waiting in the
"Does it?"  He shrugs (a couple of rounds from the AK-47, maybe follow-up with a .22; burial by the new mess under salt (why take any chances here), where everyone has to walk by it and know he is not to be crossed. Yeah, he's crazy, might as well just own that shit and move the fuck on. Not like he needs the stress of uncertainty in his life; he's got enough stress, thanks). "What about your socks? Dude, you wear 'em every night. You're wearing them right now."
"Dean?" Cas breathes in disbelief, then shakes his head, belatedly trying to pull away.  Dean tightens his grip but doesn't make the mistake of turning this into a competition. Cas may escape with a broken jaw, but he
"What?" Cas says in surprise, but Dean almost hears something click over that's been in the back of his mind since he first saw it.  Getting to his feet, he crosses the room to the table map leaning against the wall and crouches to follow all those colored roads.
She turns her head, swollen eyes narrowing.  "Still had half a bottle of Eldritch Horror sitting there.  Didn't want to waste it."
Cornelia looks up from contemplating something on her desk, blinking slowly at the sight of her daughter.  "Sempronia, what--"
"They're avoiding both of us," Cas answers, leaning his chin on the arm stretched over his knee, and damned if he doesn't look amused.
"No," she whispers, and even though he was ready for it, it hits him like a blow.  Looking around, Dean realizes there's no furniture and quickly adds a couch before reaching for her arm, leading her over.  Sitting down, she drops her head into her hands.  "That's the problem with nothing written; you have to write it all yourself.  There's no way to know if you're doing it right or even if you do, if it'll work."
"Around," she answers vaguely, waving a hand.  "She'll check in an hour past dawn at the latest, no worries."  Grinning, she takes a drink of coffee.  "I like the building, by the way.  Should have enough room for everyone to sleep and not even in shifts if we don't have to.  The jeeps had enough sleeping bags, but Walter gave us a few places to look for beds or cots on the old east side of town, so we're making progress."
"Almost nothing.  It's practically useless, in all honesty.  To put in human terms, it's the equivalent of a parlor trick."  He bites his lip, amused by the incredulity reflected on Alison's and Dean's faces as Teresa hides her amusement at the same behind her cup.  "Remember the frame of reference for the immortal is very different.  It's generally used by the gods--and Gabriel, who possibly perfected the use--as a facet of extremely elaborate practical jokes on each other. Using it on humans was also an enjoyable pastime, but they couldn't really appreciate the full range of a joke that could last centuries."  Despite himself, he has to fight down a smile, keeping his expression rigidly impassive; for the first time, he thinks he can understand the appeal.  "Eternity is a long time, and even gods can become bored, I suppose."
"You're being…." Cas visibly consults a mental list of words, obviously looking for just the right one.  "Uncharacteristically interested in minutia."
?" that tells him he's been staring way too long, but Cas's blissful expression isn't something he sees enough to want to miss even once.  Before he can think better of it, Dean wipes his thumb over the smudge of chocolate at corner of his mouth and licks it clean, which is probably--definitely--really goddamn something.
"The thing with the kid's memories and Alison," he explains, as if that's actually what he thought Castiel wished to have clarified.  "Teresa thinks Alison will be okay, so--"
"I hope so," he answers honestly, unwilling to lie and knowing that Dean wouldn't believe him if he tried.  "Dean---"
"The only thing I regret," she says softly, "is that you survived that night and we didn't try again."
"If you could manipulate the luck of the dice--do dice have luck? Never mind, that's too weird--then you could do it to cards, too, so poker should be easy," Dean answers.  "But you said simple games and mentioned Blackjack.  Card game, complicated, but also a game that you can play with only one other person, the dealer.  So it's other people that are the problem.  Why?"
"You won't be," he assures him, adding temptingly, "Depending on the design, metal could be added to the knuckles, increasing the damage caused by punching evil in the face."
"Right."  Taking a deep breath, Dean scans the church before extending a hand.  "Okay, we're getting out of here."
"Holy shit," he breathes, ignoring the glares of the other players as he reverently unwraps it and finds two perfect cups inside, snug in their individual wrappers as the heartbreakingly delicious smell of chemically-created chocolate and peanut butter fills the air.  Aware of Cas's curious expression, he grins.  "Dude, life just got like, ten times more awesome.  You can stop now," he adds after a quick check of their booty, magnanimous in victory.  "I think we're good."
The incidents are still under investigation, which considering the potential witness list is in the five hundred person range, isn't a surprise, though one of the names on it is unsettling: Rosario, a member of Haruhi's team.
"No, it's easy," she insists, pointing to something on the screen. "Look, let me show you again.  This column is for--"
"Of course there is."  To Castiel's pleasure, Dean finishes the remainder of the sandwich quickly before following it with more water.  "So Liz is--what, taking up a life of celibacy or what?"
Alicia had a library card for two local libraries with a regular checkout history and no fines and an active Amazon account with a purchase history almost entirely ebooks (Regency and paranormal romance novels (for irony is apparently not dead), a massive collection of mysteries (Agatha Christie was a favorite), a variety of self-help books, and every book on the New York Times bestseller list), a variety of PC games, Android apps for a T-Mobile phone with a Texas prefix, H&R Block tax software, and roughly six thousand mp3s in a variety of genres (including a large selection of French pop).
Dean wonders idly just how much they'd gotten from Lucifer's temper tantrum.  "How'd he set the key, by the way? I mean, I got through them, no problem, and I'm not actually from here."
"Said she wanted to check on something and would be back."  Vera gets to her feet.  "Want me to send her over when she gets back?"
Before Dean regains his balance, Castiel pins his hips and twists his arm up and behind his back, ignoring the grunt of pain.  Even relatively immobilized, Dean continues to struggle for several long seconds before Castiel feels him go still.
He and Amanda both let out a breath of relief; the prioritization of the town square, where the town's children are located, as well as where any citizen on lunch break would have fled if they couldn't get to their homes, was very obvious, but the updates help.
," Sappho says, rubbing in the oil beneath Sempronia's breasts.  "My first owners: my mistress, not my master."
Dean nods wordlessly.  The reward for figuring out the problem is implementing the solution.  He'd give a lot to have been here to see Cas exercise those proselytizing skills, but he can guess where he was when that was happening.
"No."  Focusing on the table, he takes a deep breath, trying to think.  "The children aren't in immediate danger. We have time to consider other options."
"You're welcome." Blinking at him uncertainly, she starts to get up.  "Uh, Dean, Cas, can I borrow hippo porn when you're done?  It's great."
"Doesn't really matter, you know?" she answers, blue eyes guileless.  "I don't look gift horses in the mouth, you know?" She leans back against the wall.  "If you want, I could fake an escape attempt, make it easier to--"
"Every time they come to the Pit. I followed them from the moment they passed the borders until I came here."  Alistair stills.  "They never notice us, Master, but this time, they
"Not that I have any intention of speaking out of school," he hears Crowley say over the roar in his ears.  "Ask me what you like: all I know is yours.  It certainly took you long enough to figure it out."
"At the bottom of the hill, about a mile from Ichabod," Cas interrupts smoothly.  "There's a farm road that crosses IH-Ichabod; I think we called it Point Zero, where the buses would let off their passengers for the walk to Ichabod.  A shelter was erected there."
"We're really not drunk enough for this," Vera says depressingly.  "Let's pretend we were, okay?  Go home, and remind Dean that I saved his life.  Maybe a couple of times."  She twists around to look up at him wryly.  "Still don't believe me?  Did you ever hear the phrase, 'it takes one to know one'?  Trust me, you have no idea how true it is."
"When Dean told me you had started a separate evening class in Ichabod, he was concerned that you were stretching yourself too thin.  I explained he shouldn't worry unless you started another midnight tutorial in addition to that."
"Me?"  Dean hesitates, but the tension in his body is too obvious to be denied, and to Castiel's mild surprise, he doesn't even try.  "I don't know.  Weird, I guess."
Cas stares at him. "I'm tempted to let you keep thinking that, but no.  At least, not until puberty at least, and in this town...." He trails off, and Dean thinks of the current residents: psychic, witch(es), visiting fallen angel, and that doesn't even include the pre-kindergarten set of future witches of the infected zone and fuck knows what else in the daycare.  "He or she might feel left out otherwise.  But in any case, the child will simply be Sudha and Rabin's offspring.  I can't possibly speculate with any certainty on Sudha's mind, but it being a former god is probably the least important thing to her."
"She does that sometimes," Teresa says apologetically. "Probably my fault.  I was into the Romantics hardcore during my tragic misunderstood adolescent phase aka ages sixteen through my junior year of college, so consider this a blanket apology for what might be coming.  Really didn't see that coming."
Okay, then.  "So the people coming in….chances they're carrying Croat?"  Cas raises an eyebrow. "Just spitballing here, come on.  Chances?"
Going back out into the living room, he walks through cabin, checking every door and every window, wondering how the fuck he could have missed something like this.   The two exterior doors and the windows, like the bedroom door, all have the same newer, darker framing, but the utility closet-slash-library matches the bathroom and closet, older, lighter, and he's going to guess are what came standard with this cabin, since they match the ones in Dean's.  As a pattern, it's unmistakable, but that could have been done when they were repairing the cabins.
"I'm not denying his sanity may be in question," Cas mutters, closing his eyes.  "And I certainly don't have a great deal of solitude.  Alicia's here almost every day when she's off-duty so Andy and Kat can fornicate in the semi-privacy of Amber's bed now that Brenda's is less available, and Joseph and Melanie--"
"I did, and this is a one-time offer," Dean answers easily, leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees.  "Decide fast, though, because Joe's here at lunch, and he's offered to get a first-born--where, I didn't ask--to trade for another bottle of this.  Guess he already finished the other bottle--"
"Dean named it Eldritch Horror," he offers, tapping the bottle against his knee.  "I have no idea, but I assume she blackmailed Dean for them, and now I think I can guess how it became so popular.  Find out what it was at the first opportunity."
"First principles," he tells her, smiling helplessly, and wide brown eyes slit open to regard him with startling clarity and not a little doubt, a glittering spark deep within. "This would be those, yes. You'll be fine."
"And then you did what, thirteen other dances to be sure?" She giggles.  "Come on, you were just showing off, admit it."
It feels like hours that they stand there, watching Claudia grow redder and redder, her skeletal hands clenched into tight fists as they wait.  Honest to God, Dean can't imagine she can keep that up.  But she does, until she can't anymore; her eyes fall closed, body going limp, and immediately, Bithy opens her mouth and Emet puts what he was holding inside, fitting it over her teeth. When he draws back, Dean realizes it's some kind of bit to keep her mouth open.
"You make us sound like an army," she tells him, shaking Dean's hand firmly. "We are, actually. Ancient Judea was famous for its soldiers: best mercenaries in the world.  It's nice to meet you.  Joseph's told me a great deal about you."
"See you in a few," he answers, clicking off the channel and checking the others as he eases out of his jeans and removes the thermal before kicking everything under the table and quickly climbing into bed, teeth starting to chatter.  Not freezing, but definitely really goddamn cold.
"And you just--went with it?"  As they reach the bedroom door, he remembers that Cas probably had a pretty good reason not to get on door-related home improvement.  Claustrophobia from shit he doesn't even remember: there had to be a way Falling didn't fuck him, but Dean's still unclear on what that is.
."  Dean glances at the building beside them, sheared off mid-way up its length with razor precision.  "I get there were bombings when Croatoan went epidemic, but some of this--is it like this everywhere?"
"Micah's at Ichabod's prison thing, second floor, end of the hall to the right," he answers.  "They'll let you through.  I saw your marksmanship; you can get him before he even sees the gun."
Picking up the pencil Dean discarded, Castiel stares at the faint, almost-invisible crack in the smooth yellow surface.  "It wasn't like that."
"The team leaders were killed," he tells her, sliding it into the holster before retrieving his knife from under a pillow.  "Dean's orders were for anyone who survived the confrontation to secure the camp until he was able to make contact."
A Fallen angel who thought the siege of Hell was 'not enjoyable as you know it' (read: fun, Cas.  Divine fun if you need it, but fun) and who punched the fucking bathroom wall just short of breaking through the cabin itself is haunted by the two year old memory of a human with a gun who shot at him.
This last one was the scenario Dean felt most guilty about. He didn’t even want to think about Sam staying behind, losing his brother and his best friend in one night. Left behind in an empty world and fighting against Chuck only with Jack by his side. But still, in the darkest times- the small hours of the morning, his stomach full of whiskey, his brain full of memories and his heart full of pain, Dean knew if he had the choice of joining Cas wherever he was or staying back like this, he knew what choice he’d make.
And every morning there would be hot coffee and a fresh PB&J waiting for Cas. Dean never said anything, but Cas always looked at him with grateful eyes as he took the first bite.
Dean kept looking on the floor, eyes unfocused. He started talking in a monotone, broken voice. “He is dead, Sam. He is dead because of me.” he started, pushing the sobs back in his chest.
Cas tensed in surprise, but when he turned around, he was sporting a big smile that made Dean forget about the cold and early hour.
Dean had screamed and shouted and said things he regretted the moment he spoke them. He had thrown a lamp against the wall and had stayed in his room for hours that night. And the next time he saw Jack, he had offered apologies with pleading eyes, and as he held Jack close, he had whispered “I just miss him, kid.” and Jack said he understood and that he was sorry too.
“Cas. No.” he struggled to say, his other hand closing around Cas’s free hand so he was holding both of them by the wrists. “I am sorry. It’s my fault, it all is my fault.” he whispered, eyes closing and breathing deep. “I- I look at you, and I remember how I failed you, Cas. And how I keep failing you.” he said, eyes opening and locking with watery deep blue.
A short intake of breath and a sob was all Dean heard before Cas was there again, kissing him hard and full of emotion. Dean let himself get lost in the way Cas’s lips moved against his own. He let his hands wander, discovering new places he had never touched until then. Elbows and his waist, the back of his head and his ears. Even if some of them were through fabric, the feeling was electrifying.
Nearing up the hill he could suddenly make Cas’s figure standing in the distance. He could see his back, straight, with his hands wrapped around himself. His dark, unruly hair was sticking out above the thick scarf he was wearing. Biting down a smile and ignoring the way his heart skipped a beat, he walked faster.
Dean thought and made his way back to the room. Cas was still wrapped up in more blankets than he really needed and sleeping. Dean carried a chair closer to the bed and sat down next to Cas’s head. He did look peaceful, but his eyebrows seemed to be stuck in the worrying look Cas always wore. Dean laughed at the memory of Cas’s constant frown. Lifting a hand up he touched Cas’s brow and tried to smooth it out with his fingers. He felt Cas moving slightly and he seemed to take a deeper breath before his face relaxed completely.
Dean armed himself with the hope of seeing Cas again and walked into that room. He followed Sam’s orders and drew the sigils. He measured the ingredients, and he double checked the instructions. He sat back as Sam performed the last steps of the spell. He kept his eyes glued to the wall as black bubbled out of it. He let a sound escape his throat when Cas stood in front of them, trench coat and crooked tie included. He let himself get filled with hope and took a step forward before Sam stopped him. He then looked at the figure in front of him again and felt his blood go cold when he realized the look on Cas’s face was alien on him. It took him two more seconds to realize what was standing in front of them, trapped in something akin to a devil’s trap, was the Empty wearing Cas’s image.
Dean had spent the last two months taking down every single book in the library and calling every hunter in his phone to beg them to keep an eye out for this. He had secretly visited a crossroads demanding a deal out of a demon, in exchange for this. He had shouted at Rowena and had intentionally doubted her power as Queen of Hell for the chance she would give him
It had been almost seven weeks since he had last seen his face. Dean had to take a moment, close his eyes and take a deep breath trying to fight the shiver crawling up his body at the memory of Cas’s smiling face as he said goodbye.
He put on the sweater and socks, feeling warmth spread across his chest. He happily walked all the way to the entrance, draping his new clothes over the coat stand next to the door, already looking forward to walking in the snow wrapped up in them.
When Cas looked at Dean there were tears brimming in his eyes. He took a quick breath, lips trembling, and Dean watched as a tear rolled down Cas’s cheek, the view of it constricting something in Dean’s chest.
“Dean.” he said with a soft voice and a fond smile that made Dean’s knees go weak. “There is nothing to forgive. Also, not that it matters, but I am not angel anymore. I don’t think I have been an '
“Thank you, Dean.” he answered picking up one of the blankets and draping it across the bed. “I appreciate it.” he added smiling at him.
“Of course, Dean. I’d be honored.” he said. Dean grinned and zipped up his own coat as well. Cas made to open the door when Dean grabbed his shoulder. “Hey, hold on. You forgot these.” he said and picked up the scarf and hat Cas was holding.
With his whole body trembling he lifted his hand and cradled Cas’s right cheek in it. It felt warm and real under his fingertips as he stroked the skin above his cheekbone. Cas’s eyes fluttered a couple times. He was breathing steadily, chest rising and falling. Dean could feel his lungs working above his own arm, tightly holding onto Cas. Pumping oxygen into his human body.
“Hey, Cas. Where were you hiding? Haven’t seen you for a while.” he said sitting down, opening one of the books.
Sam eyed him suspiciously. “Are you serious? Is that it, Dean?” he asked, noticing how Dean avoided to look at him. Sam let out an exasperated breath. “Is that why you are so stuck on this? You actually think Cas will hate you because he is human now? For God’s sake, Dean.” Sam hissed and started walking away before thinking about it and turning back.
“I had to bring you back. B-back to me. I had to do it whatever the cost. You have to understand.” Dean said, the tears he was fighting for the past few minutes now trailing down his cheeks.
They stood there for some time, side by side, watching the sun quickly make his way higher above the horizon. It was cold and quiet and peaceful, and all Dean could think is that he would die a happy man if he spent every following sunrise just like the ones this past week. With his family right next to him, cooking breakfast and eating around a table, all four of them. With Cas demolishing the PB&Js Dean makes him because he is …
The small touches were the worst. Palms clapping shoulders in passing, fingers brushing when handing the remote over, knuckles touching his neck when he wrapped the scarf around him.
Cas felt an onslaught of feelings cascade down his body. His hands were still freezing cold, but his cheeks were burning, and his heart was beating fast. The feel of Dean’s rough hands on his was a revelation.
The sun kept rising behind him. In the distance Lebanon was waking up. Everything was the same and everything was different. Because, as Dean was finally mapping Cas’s mouth with his own, he knew this was it. Dean’s place would be here from now on, holding on to Cas.
“Should we go back now?” he asked in a small voice. “We should get breakfast started.” he added backing away from Dean.
And when Sam finished and stood up to leave, only then did Dean start talking. His voice was quiet and small and broken, so unlike him that Sam’s worry increased tenfold.
When the darkness of the bunker became a little heavy, Cas discovered that a short walk was able to fill him with calmness. The grounds around the bunker were covered in a dusting of snow. As Cas walked, he realized that he could feel the cold deeper than before, burning his nose and making him shiver. The first time he returned back in the banker after a walk, he stood against the radiator, trying to absorb as much heat as possible to make up for his frozen hands and wet hair.
Spending months fixing up the house, their whole family working on it. And on their first night officially in it, Jack appearing with a smile and a pie. Cas hugging their son, fighting back tears. All five of them eating together, sharing laughs and stories and filling Jack in on the last year, even though they all know he already is aware of everything. Seeing Cas and Jack sharing cups of hot chocolate in front of the fireplace, heads together and talking quietly, while Dean washes up and Sam is passed out on the couch, Eileen reading next to him. Jack simply saying how happy he is and promising to visit more from now on. Jody, Donna, Claire and Kaia visiting for the weekend, bringing news of Patience and Alex with them.
How was it possible to feel more as a human? Cas remembered the feelings of hunger and pain very well from the last time he had lived as human. He remembered the day he saw Dean walk into the store and how his heart felt like it would explode in his chest. He remembered the blood rushing on his cheeks without him wanting it to and his breath catching in his throat. He had recognized then how his love for Dean was different than his love of Sam, his love of God or that of his brothers and sisters.
Cas smiled his thanks at him and took another sip of beer. Dean did the same, trying to drown the words climbing up his throat. How he wanted him to stay forever or just allow Dean to follow him if he left.
“Here, take this. I’ll grab a blanket.” Sam said throwing the shirt over Cas and running out of the room. Dean softly fixed the cloth over Cas’s middle and looked down at his face again. He was unconscious and shivering. Dean tried to move his legs so he could take as much of his body off the floor as possible. He run a hand up and down Cas’s arm, trying to generate some heat.
“That’s better.” Dean whispered and continued tracing Cas’s face with his fingertips. “You’re okay, Cas. Just keep sleeping. You need to be rested when we top up your Grace.” he said moving some of his dark locks away from his forehead.
If someone asked him to measure his love of Dean now against the last time, Castiel would say it was more. More love, more affection and more pain. Castiel had made the decision to love Dean in silence from now on. Dean had proved himself to be a great friend, overlooking Castiel’s uncomfortable feelings of love and working hard to get him out of the Empty. Castiel was grateful. And Castiel realized that this fact only made him fall in love with Dean even deeper. Dean was willing to forgive and forget his declaration of love and he was willing to keep being his friend. Castiel did not have any right to expect anything more than that.
Instead, Dean’s overwhelmed head started throbbing with confusion. He furrowed his brows and looked at Cas’s face for any indication on what he meant. He knew his powers were decreasing with time but had he actually lost his Grace before the Empty took him? How? Had Dean not noticed? Oh, God, had Cas become human somehow among all the Chuck drama and Dean hadn’t even noticed?
“You- Cas, you told me all those beautiful words and I let you go without saying anything. You died not knowing you were wrong. I should have told you- you can have anything you want.” Dean kept looking into Cas’s eyes, hoping he was understanding that he would give him everything he asked for from now on.
And now he was sitting back in his room, next to Cas, expecting Sam to find Grace. He knew there was no chance they could get their hands on even a tiny amount of it. Sighing deeply, he looked back towards the library door and decided to wait things out until Cas was awake. Maybe he could make Dean realize how absurd going on a hunt for Grace was.
Dean shifted in his seat, clearing his throat and lowering his gaze. Cas looked at Sam with questioning eyes why that made his brother uncomfortable.
A couple hours later, Dean kisses his husband hidden behind the jasmine tree in their yard as their family celebrates a few feet away. With kisses and whispered words, they both talk about love and joy and dream of a future that is filled with both.
That’s why Dean knew what needed to be done. He would find Cas some Grace and then he could make the choice himself. He wouldn’t stay out of necessity. He could either stay because he wanted to, or he could fly away to where he would be happy. And Dean would accept his choice because after everything they had gone through, no one deserved happiness more than Cas. If Dean was allowed to be part of Cas’s happiness, then he would spend the rest of his life thanking the universe for it.
Dean’s stomach turned in disgust with himself. Had he really not made Cas feel like this was his home? Like he could stay? But of course, Cas was human now, and last time he was human Dean had thrown him out the minute he lost his Grace.
“You’ll be okay.” he continued, stroking his hair. “I’m not going to let anyone hurt you again.” he said softly. “You will be an angel again and you’ll be here, and I will do anything for you to be happy, Cas.” he said, vision blurring.
They stayed there, wrapped in each other until the sun had climbed even further up the sky. Cas whispering, “I thought I would never have this.” and “You are so beautiful.” and “I didn’t think I could love you more, but I do.”
“You won’t be hurt again. You’ll be okay.” Dean whispered against Cas’s forehead, slowly rocking them back and forth. He had to repeat to himself that Cas was there, and he was alive, and he would be okay.
“It’s your Grace, man. I promised I would get it back for you and so far I’ve failed.” Dean muttered looking at him with eyes full of apology. “I’m trying to beg you to forgive me, here.” Dean let a distorted smile climb its way to his lips, shooting a sad grin at Cas. “It’s a good thing you’re an angel.” he added.
“In case you forgot, we just saved the friggin’ world only a couple months ago. The least we deserve is to ask for a little bit of Grace. I don’t know if it’s gonna be Heaven or Hell that will help us, but those assholes better deliver. I won’t have Cas wake up and hate me for turning him human.” Dean screamed in Sam’s face, finger pointing back at Cas’s sleeping form.
And now it was in Sam’s hand. A way to summon the Empty. And a remarkably simple way at that, a basic spell, tweaked a little by the hand of God. But also, a way to get Cas back. Something the Empty could not turn down. Something they could exchange for the angel.
Still, he was enjoying it very much and informed Dean and Sam so as he was chewing. Dean beamed back at him and started talking about all the different kinds of peanut butter and jelly they could buy so he could decide on his favorite.
“No, Sam. I’ll stay here and you go summon Rowena. Can you please do this one simple thing?” Dean shouted, still wrapping Cas up in the blankets.
“He died so I could escape. He sacrificed himself, Sam.” he said, voice breaking. He looked down at his hand, rubbing his thumb over the bandages.
Cas turning around in his arms, making him promise they will have a garden. Dean, whispering “Anything you want, sweetheart.” and Cas kissing him senseless right there and then.
Cas was human. He was back and he was human. The only way he could come back was for his Grace to be sacrificed. Or traded.
And now, as they pretend to watch TV and Cas’s lips trail the curve of his neck and his fingers are intertwined with Dean’s over his abdomen, Dean wishes for the millionth time his heart is big enough to contain the happiness that grows every day.
Dean laughed and nodded, his eyes making their way to Cas’s lips. They were standing close enough for Dean to notice the golden morsel of pastry stuck on his lower lip.
Dean’s eyes gleaming with joy when Castiel offered him pie- numbness spreading through his legs. Dean laughing at Castiel’s attempts at a joke- warmth spreading through his chest. Dean reaching across the table to steal a fry from Castiel’s plate and replace it with a carrot, winking at him- heart jumping in his chest in a way it should have been a medical emergency.
“He… he l-loved me, Sammy.” he whispered. “He told me he loved me and then he was gone.” he continued, eyes closing, tears rolling down his cheek. “He lo-loved me, and he died for it.” he sobbed, fingers pressing hard against his eyes. Dean tried taking a deep, shuddering breath before he continued.
It was the night Sam helped him back to his room, kneeled on the floor and bandaged his two middle fingers of his left hand tightly against a makeshift splint. Dean’s eyes were clouded and emotionless through the whole time Sam was working. He never once grunted in pain or voiced any discomfort. When Sam asked what had happened, he remained silent.
Cas was stiff for a moment but then he slowly brought his arms up to hug him back. Dean buried his face against Cas’s shoulder.
Dean thought, a smile escaping up to the surface without him realizing. Clearing his throat, he pointed towards Cas’s feet.
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes back at the ceiling. Dean continued staring him down. “You can either help me find some or I’ll do it myself and you stay with Cas in case he wakes up.” he said looking between his brother and Cas.
“I also brought you a couple extra t-shirts and pants and some toiletries. We can go and get you some stuff tomorrow, but these will have to do for now.”
It took several more hours of Sam and Dean sitting in their respective chairs, browsing on their phones and playing a game of cards before the Empty lost its patience. It erupted in screams, Cas’s familiar face getting shaped into ugly rage and anger so foreign to it. Up until then Dean had been fighting the urge to run to the figure in front of him. His brain was clearly understanding that this wasn’t Cas, but he still ached to be close to the figure that looked like him.
“Then why do you get like this, Dean? You will look at me sometimes, and your face, it’s- it’s like you can’t even stand looking at me.”
The kiss was soft and full of everything left unsaid. Their lips were barely moving against each other. Dean was pouring everything he couldn’t contain anymore in this kiss. His head and his heart were a mess, trying to understand how Cas was content staying human and how he could still want him in the first place. Trying to clear his head, he moved his lips a breath away from Cas’s, giving him the chance to push him away if he wished so. Instead, Cas’s shaky exhale of breath echoed in Dean’s ears before he slotted his mouth back on Dean’s, kissing him deeper. Lips moving against lips hard and demanding for a few seconds before Dean heard the sweetest sound escaping Cas's throat. He answered by inhaling it down, lips parting on their own accord.
And a while later, that night, with Cas’s head against his chest and his fingers caressing his hand, Dean felt whole for the first time in a long while.
“You’re right, he has to be comfortable.” he mumbled. At this he moved one arm under Cas’s knees and wrapped the other more securely under his torso.
They had seen Jack twice since the day the world was restored. Jack had joined Sam and Dean for breakfast one day. Newly Nephilims-turned-God seemed to enjoy kid’s sugary cereal as much as anyone, it turns out. He had briefly talked about how he was busy making sure the Earth and its population were back to normal. He also mentioned about having work to do in Heaven but refused talking more about that, face full of apologies.
“Open the door, Sam.” Dean mumbled hauling Cas’s weight higher, carefully keeping his head on his shoulder. Once the door was opened, he slowly approached the bed. Wordlessly Sam moved the covers aside and Dean lowered Cas on the bed. He knelt on the floor next to the bed and fixed the pillow under Cas’s head. Then undoing the blankets that were still wrapped around him a little, he lifted the covers over him. That would keep him warm, but he also wouldn’t feel trapped if he woke up.
Dean sealed the deal then and watched half in horror half in hope as the Empty leaned over Cas and removed his own angel blade from his sleeve. It looked up to the brothers again and with a wicked smile it knelt. With a swift swap of the blade Cas’s Grace was flowing out.
“Ah, there’s a…” he started, pointing with his finger at Cas’s lips, like an idiot. Cas furrowed his brows together, tilting his head in confusion.
Crowding the angel against a hallway wall he tasted a combination of peanut butter and jelly as his hands were roaming Cas’s back.
They found Sam cutting up fruit for his morning smoothie and Eileen making pancakes. They tried to ignore Sam’s smirk but didn’t have time to prepare themselves for Eileen’s squeal.
Dean looked at Sam to make sure he was okay and then gave him a big smile. “We did it.” He whispered and turned to look at Cas, lying in his lap. His eyes were still closed and the blood from the slit in his throat was drying up. He brought a hand up and felt Cas’s pulse in his throat. Alive. He was alive and he was in his arms. Fighting back tears Dean cradled his cheek and Sam watched as his brother folded himself over the angel just holding him against him.
Sam looked at Dean like he was being an idiot and started walking away. “You stay here, Dean. I’ll see if Rowena is willing to leave her throne for a house call.” He shouted over his shoulder as he was turning the corner.
Sam took a deep breath. It had been months of trying to reason with Dean on various matters, most of them involving Cas. He thought about it for a minute and then tried the one thing he knew would work on his brother at the moment.
“What?” he asked. Dean threw him a questioning look and pulled the second blanket over Cas, trying to unfold it fully.
Cas had quickly decided to live his new human life enjoying every indulgence allowed to him. He spent the first hour after waking up enjoying the hot cup of coffee Dean offered him and lathering more jelly than appropriate on top of the peanut butter that was spread on the slice of bread on his plate. It had been a while since he last tasted this as anything more than molecules, and as he was swallowing the first bite of the sandwich, he thought he might have actually gone overboard. The thick peanut butter coated his gums and tongue and the sweet jelly caused little explosions of flavor on his taste buds.
“Hey, do you mind if I join you on your walk?” he asked, already picking up his own coat. Cas felt his heart jump in his chest at seeing Dean’s earnest smile and couldn’t keep back the sound of delight escaping his lips.
The promise of the strongest chance they had was what had made Dean walk into the room he had last seen Cas in. For almost seven weeks he hadn’t stepped foot in it. The pain of the memories was enough. Sam had been kind enough to wash the blood off the wall and the floor. He had cleaned the blade, which was now sitting hidden away in a drawer in Dean’s room.
“He is gone, and he is not coming back. He is gone and it’s m-my fault.” Dean continued, voice wavering and eyes brimming with tears.
Clearing his head from thoughts, he smiled back at Cas as he was making his way back to him, holding a small paper box in his hands. He gave a smile back, eyes crinkling with mischief.
would be there. No matter what horrors they had lived through they always found their way back to each other eventually. Even in death.
He could feel the strong beat of Cas’s carotid artery on his arm. He could feel the warm body nestled against his lap as he sat on the floor, and the small breaths against his chest. Those facts were the only reason Dean was holding it together at that moment.
They made their way back to the bunker with their hands clasped together, lips swollen, hair mussed and cheeks pink.
Dean managed to step back, eyes full of tears of frustration and pain. The Empty was looking at him with a pleased expression on its face. In the end the choice was Dean’s. Looking at Cas’s beautiful, sleeping face Dean though that there was no choice really. He shot a look at Sam who nodded, eyes worried but certain.
Didn’t he know how loved he was by everyone in the bunker? Didn’t he know how precious he was to Dean?
That night they sat at the kitchen table, finishing off two beers each, talking about dreams and nightmares and making plans to buy Cas the softest pair of slippers they could find.
Cas opened his mouth and wrapped his lips around the fork in one swift move, not looking at Dean. He took a step back, chewing and giving him a thumbs up with his right hand. The gesture looked so alien on Cas that Dean chuckled and took a bite of his own- the last one in the box. They chewed together for a few seconds before Cas nodded his head enthusiastically.
Dean soon found himself sitting at the kitchen table, nursing a cold bottle of beer. He was trying to come up with a new way they could summon an angel or gain access to Heaven, when Cas walked in. His hair was sticking in all directions and his eyes were tired. He was wearing a pair of the new pajama bottoms they had picked out together a couple days ago- these ones were grey with a green plaid pattern. He had an oversized black t-shirt as a top and was also wearing one of the warm hoodies he had also picked up.
“You were right. He should sleep on a bed. Hey, it’s probably the last time he will need to sleep.” Dean said looking at his brother with a painful grin on his face.
Naturally, when it was Cas’s turn the first time, he panicked and gave his choice over to Dean. The smug look on his face made Sam throw a bitch face at him. In retaliation, the next night Sam picked a French film and then proceeded to spend two hours gushing about it while Dean and Eileen were rolling their eyes at him and made fun of the main character’s hair. Cas actually found the plot quite interesting, and he prepared himself for Dean’s mockery when he said so. At his surprise Dean simply looked at him nodding and turned his head around to watch the rest of it, not talking once until the credits rolled.
Spending early mornings in the bunker eating breakfast with Cas. Walking Miracle at dusk, watching as the last light disappears behind the hills and thanking the universe for his second chance. Teaming up with Eileen to make fun of Sam’s movie choices. Making out with Cas against the library bookshelves. Going on a grocery run and picking up fluffy hoodies for Cas.
They talked about how a better world was being created in front of their eyes in small but meaningful ways. How Jack was walking on Earth sharing his light with anyone who was willing to see it and the darkness and the evil seemed to become smaller and smaller every day.
Cas smiled and looked down at his plate picking up his sandwich. “I beg to differ.” he said softly biting at the sweet treat. Dean just smiled back at him, taking a bite of his own, greasier breakfast.
Dean turned to look at him like he was not understanding. “Sam, he’ll be pissed if he wakes up and is human. We gotta find him some Grace. Then he can wake up and take it and he’ll be fine.” he said, voice growing angrier by the minute.
“Nah, I just picked them up on my way back from the post office yesterday.” Dean mumbled taking his seat again. “No big deal.” he added sipping at his coffee.
“There, that’s better.” he smiled and picked up his own scarf, wrapping it around his shoulders and neck. Cas smiled and opened the door.
Sam looked at him with pained eyes. “Dean. You don’t know that.” he said, looking at his brother sitting there on the bed, hand cradled in his lap.
Cas tightened his arms against him, echoing his words. Dean let his lips deposit a small kiss on the side of his neck before trailing them up to Cas’s ear.
Yes. The plan formed and solidified in Dean’s mind. He would let Cas sleep and he’d go and find him some Grace. Then he could wake up and Dean would give him the Grace and he wouldn’t be angry and maybe he would decide to stay. And he wouldn’t be hurt again.
Sam rolled his eyes and tried to reason with his brother for one more time. “Why would she lie, Dean? How could there have been Grace in Hell in the first place?”
And just yesterday, Dean’s palm hot on Castiel’s back, burning through two layers of clothing, slowly rubbing in circles as he was guiding him through scrabbling eggs, his breath tickling his ear and setting fire on his insides. Castiel didn’t think he would mind at all to let the fire spread and engulf him, as long as Dean kept touching him.
“Just wait for him to wake up first and actually ask for his Grace back, and then come annoy me and the supernatural beings in charge of other dominions.” he shouted behind his back before he disappeared down the hallway.
The way Dean saw it, his life and his fate had been sealed a long time ago. And up until now, even when things seemed to look bleak and hopeless, something always happened to put Dean back in the path he would follow until he died. It was proven again and again.
They kept the walk short, moving around the bunker and halfway up the hill. The snow was crunching under their boots and the sun was peeking in and out of the clouds. Cas was watching the small clouds that were escaping his mouth with every breath and felt his lungs burn with each inhale. His muscles were aching as he was walking up the hill and he could hear Dean panting just a step behind him.
Although, the fact Cas was still able to sleep annoyed the hell out of him. He hadn’t forgotten the promise he had made to him, but they still didn’t have any leads on where to get their hands on Grace.
A small sad smile appeared on Cas’s face. Their hands moved against each other, and fingers slotted together, palms touching. Cas’s other hand slowly fell away from Dean’s face, grabbing his left shoulder. Dean gasped, the ghost of a scar burning hot under Cas’s hand.
When he entered the kitchen, Dean was already there, as usual, cup of coffee steaming in his hands. He looked up as Cas walked in and a huge grin appeared on his face at seeing him.
But Dean could explain. He would explain and beg for his forgiveness. He would beg him to stay, and he would do anything for Cas to forgive him. He could track Jack down and he could beg him to give Cas his Grace back.
“Heya, Cas. Sorry to bother you.” Dean said walking in, holding what looked to be folded blankets in his hands. “I thought I would get you a couple more covers in case you feel cold tonight.” he continued, depositing the blankets at the foot of the bed.
“I want you to stay. With me.” he whispered, and he tried to not beat himself up with the fact these were the exact words he should have said multiple times before.
Cas smiled and moved his hand in a dismissing way. “Please, do not worry yourself about that, Dean. I am simply happy to be back.” he said, focusing his gaze into Dean’s eyes. “Being human isn’t really so bad.” he grinned, looking back down at his cup.
Cas should have been prepared for this. A large portion of human life was spent in front of screens nowadays so of course his days were going to end like this from now on. It wasn’t every night, but most nights Dean would announce he had the perfect film for them to watch before bed. So, after dinner, the four of them would bundle up in the couches in the Dean Cave and attempt to watch the movie picked out. After the first two nights Sam vetoed the whole thing and it was decided that the movie would get chosen by each one of them in rotation.
“It took me so long, Cas and in the end, I left a piece of you behind. And I know you probably hate me for it, I know! You are Graceless and you didn’t even choose it. But I had to get you back, Cas. I’d do anything not to have taken this away from you, but I was not going to leave you there. You belong here, Cas. You- you died to save me. It was my fault, you sacrificed yourself and you shouldn’t have to.” Dean said, a lump in his throat and tears threatening to spill. Cas was standing in front him with big eyes full of wonder and patience, lips trembling and pulse dancing beneath Dean’s fingers.
“Dean, no. I didn’t mean it to sound like that. I’ve told you; I am content living a human life. I just need to get used to a couple things, still.”
Still, the feelings Castiel had experienced back then would only increase in strength through the following years. Becoming an angel again helped a little with controlling the bodily reactions around Dean- no more blushing or tachycardia when Dean smiled at him or touched him. The love building inside Castiel did continue to grow nonetheless, until it couldn’t be contained anymore, until it could be used for the ultimate purpose- to save Dean. Letting Dean know of his feelings had made Castiel happy. Saving Dean’s life at the same time, had made him even happier.
Dean looked up at Cas’s stunned face. “You don’t go out again until you have a coat, a scarf and gloves, got it?” he said, voice strict and loud.
A few minutes later he returned to his room to find the bed empty and an ex-angel pulling a t-shirt over his head. Dean’s sharp inhale echoed in the room and made Cas turn around, pulling the shirt over his chest.
“Come on, Dean. Just get some sleep.” Sam said standing up and coming close to push Dean gently on the bed. Dean went willingly, head touching the pillow with a soft thud. Sam helped him with his legs and wrapped the blanket around him.
And Dean brushing his lips along newly discovered skin muttering “I don’t deserve you.” and “Losing you nearly killed me.” and “Never leave me again, Cas.”
“Couldn’t sleep. Thought a beer might help.” Dean answered standing up and proceeding to take off his own slippers, thanking himself for always wearing thick socks when he got up from bed at night.
Dean stood up and walked out to the fridge, opening it and rummaging inside for a beer. He popped it open and returned to the table, offering it to Cas.
Once he’d finished his snack Dean topped up his cup of coffee and Sam started explaining what had happened while Cas was gone. He was happy to learn of Chuck’s fate but found himself having bittersweet feelings about Jack taking on all that responsibility and power. More than anything he was glad everyone seemed to have survived this adventure and said so aloud.
“Cas.” he said with a pained look on his face. “Never. I will never again make you leave, Cas.” he continued, thumb pressing against his strong pulse. It was quick and erratic, and Dean could feel the life coursing in Cas’s veins.
Cas was content to leave that day in the dungeon hidden in the past, if that was what was needed to keep his friendship with Dean alive. He was glad to know that even after confessing his darkest secret and greatest happiness, Dean was willing to overlook it. Cas would never repeat those words again. He would not put Dean in an uncomfortable position. He would continue being his friend and consider himself lucky and blessed to stay in his life for as long as Dean allowed him to.
Well, Dean had tried it and sure, he had liked it but, happy? Maybe back then he thought he was, but even then, it felt like something was missing.
The hill behind the bunker was bathed in the early morning light. The sun was barely peeking behind the horizon. The cold was biting at Dean’s ears and nose, but he was climbing the hill in a steadily quick pace, nevertheless. In his hand he was holding the note Cas had left on the fridge.
One of the early mornings when sleep doesn’t last, standing in their garden, surrounded by flowers and herbs, watching the sunrise. Dean, turning to look at Cas’ profile, heart bursting from joy and nerves as he watches a small smile taking residence on his lover’s lips when he catches him staring. Fingers slotting together, lips grazing as the sun breaks over the horizon and two words whispered as the world gets filled with light.
The creature looked intrigued to have been summoned. It toyed with Dean’s pain and was far too interested to find out how they had managed to summon and contain it. It laughed at the demands Dean made. After an hour or two the sigils were still holding. The Empty was still trapped. Its irritatingly calm façade soon fell. It quickly dawned on Dean that it had been trying to find a way to break free of the sigils holding it trapped in the invisible bubble surrounding the wall it had emerged from and, as it seemed, had failed.
Cas looked at him with confused eyes, head tilting. “It’s okay, Dean. I am truly fine.” he said but before Dean could reply they heard Sam walking in the room, eyes stuck on the iPad in his hand.
“I mean- if that’s okay with you. It’s not much, but they’re soft and comfortable and I won’t miss them. You-you can even keep them afterwards. But we will still get you clothes and stuff.” Dean quickly added, looking back at Cas.
But on the occasions when Dean smiled at him or offered him a PB&J and a cup of hot coffee every morning, Castiel was fighting his own body to control his reactions.
Cas could get used to this. Sharing two hours next to Dean almost every night, laughing when Eileen signed jokes at him from the other couch and watching Dean throwing popcorn at Sam’s hair.
Glad he was expected to stay, Cas bid his goodnights and made his way to his room. The bed was softer than he remembered but the room itself was as bare as he had left it. Opening the closet and drawers he found them empty. He looked at the clothes he was wearing and deemed them appropriate enough for sleeping. As he was lifting the blankets off the bed there was a knock on his door.
That’s where Dean had found him a couple minutes later. He was holding two heavy books and nodded a greeting at Cas before depositing them on the map table.
Dean let a huff of pride out. “It’s pie, Cas. And this one is really good. I wonder if the lady takes orders.” he said walking a few steps away to dispose of the box and fork. Turning back around he clapped his hands a couple times to get rid of the crumbs.
It took Cas a few minutes to realize why his eyes felt tired and burning. Stating that he should probably go to bed he got up, uncertainty clouding his eyes. Blushing, he looked from Dean to Sam and asked if his old room was still available. Dean almost choked in his haste to answer him. “Of course, Cas. It’s your room.” he said looking at him with wide eyes.
“There’s gotta be some way we can get our hands on some. I bet Rowena was lying.” he hissed, eyes moving back to look towards the bed Cas was still sleeping on.
They spent the next hour talking about the events following Chuck’s demise. They talked about Jack and how he was coping. How life everywhere was back to normal and was actually even better. Free will for everyone. The puppeteer had no more power. The new God was a kindhearted one.
“Love you so much.” he whispered softly, wrapping Cas up in his arms, face burying against his neck, his scarf scratching at his face. He smelled like sleep and soap and early morning and Dean wanted to always wake up to this exact smell from now on.
Cas lowered his gaze and offered him a plastic fork. “It’s apple. Pauline’s own from her orchard. She was talking about using half sugar and half honey in the recipe.” he explained with a serious face.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” he muttered, averting his eyes away to conceal the lie. He could still feel Cas’s gaze on him, but he couldn’t bring himself to reassure him. After a few seconds Cas sighed and wrapped his hands tighter around himself.
Cas’s tears were escaping freely from his eyes now and Dean could see how he was trying to hold the sobs in. His heart was breaking into little pieces and Dean thought he would have gotten used to it by now, but this one hurt. Cas thought he wanted him gone. After everything, he was expecting Dean to throw him out.
The next morning Cas found a bag containing a new coat, a scarf, hat and gloves as well a couple of thick woolen sweaters and socks outside his door. Cas wasn’t sure what to make of the fact Dean was so obsessed with Cas not feeling cold, but he found it endearing all the same. Dean’s passion to look after people never failed to amaze him.
“Cas.” he muttered and before he could think about it Dean took a step forward enveloping Cas in a hug. “You’re awake.” he said hugging him closer.
Dean stopped a few paces behind Sam, watching him picking up apples from the pile in front of him. He turned to look at Cas, to make sure he was still beside him. He found him standing a few paces away in front of a stall selling baked goods. He was talking with the vendor, an elderly woman with snow white hair.
“Well, kind of. He gave us the spell we used to summon the Empty and the one we offered as an exchange for you.”
He continued before Dean started talking again. “This is crazy. Dean, you have to focus. Cas is back and he is fine. Let’s wait for him to wake up first before going on a witch hunt.” he begged.
Any little thing he could have done to keep Cas there, to keep the Empty from swallowing him up. Or even, for the Empty to also take Dean along with Cas.
“Um, there was c-crumb.” he mumbled, clearing his throat. Cas’s wide eyes were still staring at him and all Dean could do was wave towards the direction he had last seen Sam and Eileen. “Come on.”
Dean nodded and looked at Sam before speaking. “I’m sure you do, buddy. Let’s get you some food and we’ll explain everything.” he said, smiling softly at Cas and clapping his shoulder a couple times.
“Dean? Are you alright?” Cas asked suddenly and when Dean’s eyes rose up, they were met with sparkling blue staring back at him.
Castiel returned on this cursed and blessed Earth on a Thursday, very fittingly. A portal had to be opened and a deal had to be reached but, in the end, the Empty spit out the angel naked in every sense on the word. He was lying on the cold stone floor of the bunker wearing nothing, as human as he could be.
“Oh.” Cas simply said and watched in amazement as Dean took off the tags and carefully wrapped the scarf around his neck. He folded the ends inside one another and then put the woolen hat gingerly over Cas’s head before handing him the gloves.
“Fine, Dean. Fine! When Cas wakes up and demands his Grace back, we can worry about it then. I promise you we’ll do our best then, but for now you gotta stop obsessing with this. He won’t hate you for bringing him back human, Dean!” he shouted and at this Dean took a deep inhale and looked away.
After watching them disappear into the next room, he starts to go back inside (interrogators, gotta pick some, fuck his life) when a deliberate movement to his left gets his attention.  Turning, he sees Alicia sitting cross-legged against the far wall and watching him thoughtfully, like it's perfectly normal. This is Alicia; for her, normal is kind of...yeah, no idea.
The joyous sound winds down the infinite banks of the River and curls through the masses of shades like the first breeze of a new spring, warm and sweet. It's dawn breaking after the longest, darkest night of your life, bright and new; it's the taste of pie and fresh coffee and cheeseburgers and steak when you're starving; it's cold water after a walk through an infinite desert when you've forgotten everything but thirst; it's falling in love and breaking your heart and doing it all again, right from the start; it's the grief you learn to live with and live beyond; it's when the pain finally starts to end and you're still there; it's eating dirt and then standing back up, every time.
Cas's expression flickers through a lot of variations of something before settling on 'resigned'.  "Gloria's clairvoyance became active during puberty, which isn't uncommon.  However, unlike most clairvoyants, her first vision was very powerful and--memorable."
Sandar and Julio, the two members of patrol that were possessed when guarding the town center, are currently in Dolores' care, but despite few injuries, the psychological impact of possession always lingers, especially in those whose duty is to protect others from harm and were forced to cause it themselves.
"Say it again," he murmurs against the fragile shell of Dean's ear, fingers digging into the strong muscles of Dean's shoulder with every slow thrust.
He meets her eyes, and his expression says everything before he speaks a word.  "Diseases of the mind are unknown by any but the gods; her condition, in my experience, is a progressive one.  She will soon not know her mind at all." Cornelia nods, expression unchanged.  "I will say this; after speaking to all your household, I suspect something--I know not what--is making her condition far worse than it should be at this stage, and it eats at her.  My recommendation is to remove her to the country with only her most loyal servants and friends in attendance, those who knew Gaius Sempronius and loved him as she did, so she may talk of him and hear of him and feel him near her.  I cannot promise she will grow better, or that she will not grow worse, but the progression could be slowed, and you will have more time with her."
"I'll go," Sheila says, voice thick as she jogs past them and down the hall. Coming up beside Kamal, Chris looks at Alicia working on Mark, then at Gary.
Sitting on the arm of the couch, Dean sets the open kit on the coffee table in easy reach before forcing himself to focus on Cas's arm.  The cut isn't bad, but deep enough for Teresa to be sure she'd get enough blood, and it deepens near the elbow enough to barely miss stitches territory.  Cleaning it by habit, Dean closes the deepest section with butterfly bandages before wrapping the entirety with clean gauze and taping it in place.  Cas doesn't react, but right at this moment, Dean doubts Cas would notice if someone started carving him up with a blunt instrument.  His attention is turned inward, and from the utter blankness, whatever he's feeling in there is worse than anything that could happen out here.
"She died."  There's something raw in Cas's voice that reminds him of watching Cas bent over Alicia's body.  "I watched her die.  I didn't care if she shot me or anyone else; I just wanted her alive. The rest was details."
"Where did we stop?" he asks as the blanket is flung downward, just short of Dean's feet, and he absently reaches down to straighten it over them and tuck in the ends securely.
Pressing his cheek against Cas's chest, he closes his eyes when Cas's fingers tentatively thread through his hair and goes boneless when he slowly starts to stroke.  Throwing a limp arm over Cas's waist, he tucks his knee more firmly between Cas's before burrowing his hand under the sweatshirt and thermal to rest against the small of Cas' (warm) back and lets out a breath, content.  He could get used to this, and by that he means, he already is.
"As what happened that night has quite literally never happened before in all of history--any history, anywhere--there's no actual precedent for your situation," Cas replies. "However, as your own clairvoyance possibly predicted this--that would be one reason you felt as if you expected it to happen when you woke up--at this moment, that's the most likely explanation."
Dean shakes his head. "Tell Joe and Vera they're in charge forever?"  She makes a dissenting noise. "Fine, until morning.  Check in at midnight with me at Alison's, otherwise keep on keeping on."
Despite that, he lessens the pressure against Dean's back when he pushes against it, but Dean only braces himself on his elbows, looking down at him in drowsy satisfaction.  "Not too bad."
"If I only knew what she was trying to accomplish," Sempronia says in frustration.  "If it is to find a way to pay Charon for my brothers and Licinia--she can't think that would work."
Beside him, he can feel Dean shaking with the effort not to laugh, muttering something that sounds suspiciously like "Craps, actually."
--with this guy telling 'em…."  He jerks his gaze up to Castiel.  "How the fuck did it get across the perimeter wards, get in here to get him?  Manuel says it's like touching a live wire when they go off!"
"If I'd truly feared for my life, I would have killed you all two years ago," Cas says with a slow smile.  "Did you ever wonder why I didn't?"
"That's something she'd do," Gaius murmurs ruefully, pride and affection softening his expression further.  "Surprised you, did she?"
"I was going to wait until Joe got back and get a personal report on what he thinks of the people he took with him," Dean admits.  "No real reason to wait, though; she can have Jeremy and pick two more and that'll get me five teams.  When Joe gets back, she'll be used to them and I'll send both of them to start talking to the people here, find out if they need anything."
"The nuns were hunters, and a direct confrontation would have been unwise.  Father Francis was very old, and the other men were laymen who were attached to the church in some way and assisted Father Francis and the Sisters in their calling.  They needed a less dangerous method of gaining access here."
Dean wishes his watch still worked, or he was at least wearing it so he could give it a significant look.  "Thanks for noticing."
"No." To his surprise, Ruby's knife is already in his hand.  "I'm having a terrible day and very little time to waste before it gets much worse.  You can discipline your subordinates another time."
Faintly, he feels the squeeze of her fingers, or perhaps he imagined it; it goes limp and the last, shuddering breath isn't followed by another.
They're halfway to the ward line when he sees one of the volunteers break from the others, circling around the waiting group and straight toward Alicia.
(disturbingly appropriate these days, now that he thinks about it), the complete works of Jane fucking Austen from English III and Tolstoy's
"Dean is still…recovering," he says diplomatically, aware of the question she's not asking.  "With everything else…"
"Two minutes," Amanda interrupts, crossing her legs and killing Mark's dawning hope before it starts, but the flash of resentment lasts longer. Sure, he wants this over, but Mark is still pissed.  "Or you give?"
"Yes, Alison told me about what happened at the council meeting, as well as at those introductory dinners she hosted for you," he explains.  "She said she was immune, of course--"
"The Host searched, but they couldn't find where he concealed them, and there was some doubt even if he were successful, the offspring would be viable, or be able to survive here.  While I wasn't among those searching--being with you on earth--my guess is they were concealed in the same pocket of time as their parent, but it's not as if there aren't an endless number of those, and Lucifer was unavailable for questioning."
Sarah gets up, moves her sleeping bag closer, and sits down again.  "I wonder," she says thoughtfully, "how many Croats are still out there?"
"Cas?" a familiar voice asks, and Castiel sees Vera at the open door of the ER with four charts. "What are you doing here?"
Her eyes narrow curiously, but all she says is, "Yeah.  People are hard--anyone who says otherwise is lying through their goddamn teeth--but learning their buttons is easy.  Once you know that--"
Dean just had something not unlike a spiritual experience that involved these wards and a lot of light; if that's not kind of powerful, he's gotta know what the hell Cas is using as his standard.  "They're not that strong--"
"She knows perfectly well what I'm asking her to do," Cas answers coolly, watching Alison.  "I assume she's currently in consultation to decide if she should."
"Are you--" He winces at the sound of his own voice and tries again.  "Are you done yet?  I have better things to do than indulge your temper tantrum."
Castiel pulls back, evading the belated grasp of Dean's hands and sits up, glaring into the guilty green eyes.  "Or you could have told me you knew what he was doing!  Unless you're going to protest you weren't sure--"
A hand grabs his arm before he gets a step toward them.  "You can't do anything like this," Amieyl says quietly, breath warm against his ear.  "We're only mostly here."  When he looks at her, he sees her expression flicker.  "Dean…."
He expected it, thought he was ready for it, but a punch is always a punch, and nothing prepares you for a knife to the gut.  "You're out of line."
"We did," Dean starts, but Andy getting to his feet gets his attention.  Hesitating, Andy looks toward them, taking a few tentative steps before stopping short, expression weirdly blank.  "Hey, Andy, you--"
"No, you're not," she agrees, reaching to lay a hand on his knee, squeezing gently.  "You're impossible, and this is maybe.  It wasn't enough.  I'm sorry."
"It was an analogy," he answers dismissively, noticeably not answering the question, for which Dean's forever grateful.  "Perhaps a location spell.  I could use leather as the base, though I'm not sure if that would qualify as an essential characteristic." He looks at Dean hopefully. "What do you think?"
"Not now," Joe answers.  "So now's a good time to make sure it's never.  If we work New Years, we make damn sure some of us are guests, too.  Being thought of as the attack dog isn't much better than the soulless conquerors, Dean."
"Do you wish us to save her?" the goddess asks, and it may not be a concession, but Castiel decides to take it as one anyway.  "We are at the end of our strength; we can destroy you or assure she and her child survive; you decide."
"I underestimated you," Castiel says slowly, meeting Dean's surprised eyes.  "You have improved substantially in your deals; Crowley would loathe you."
"She may have dreamed about me coming here."  Saying it out loud makes it real the way it wasn't before.  "She just doesn't remember it."
Dean thinks about how much he didn't really mean it about a new ice age, but that does remind him.  "You think the patrols are okay?"
Swallowing, she gets up, biting her lip hard enough he's pretty sure he sees blood before she starts a slow, limping jog, gesturing at him frantically to go, her lips moving in what's probably some pretty sweet profanity before she breaks into a run--Dean winces for her ankle, hoping to God it's not broken--and almost stumbling into Matt's arms before half-turning to fire off some cover over his shoulder: that's his girl.
"Jesus Christ!" Dean stares into dull eyes set in a grey-skinned face that drips fluid, held aloft by a handful of sparse hair.  "What the
"If I see you start to draw on one of them, I'll stop you," Dean assures him.  After a second of thought, he adds, "And I wasn't lying. I don't like you that much. You're doing okay."
"Just the once," she explains, staring down at Cas, and even with the candles, he can't catch her expression.  "Junior year, went to a rave, two hits of x and two days later woke up with a new tattoo and totally missed finals."  She reaches down, arranging the blankets around Cas more securely, checking the IV line carefully.  "Maybe--maybe if I hadn't been fucking off all year, they would have, you know, cut me some slack, but--I mean, when you're the one known for giving the best parties or knowing where they are, that doesn't cut it."
"I know; he doesn't."  There's nothing on Cas's face right now but interest in all the immature humans surrounding him who define the difference between what you remember and what you know in your bones.   If Dean was guessing, right at this moment Cas is way too distracted by the company to remember why he came here in the first place, but seeing Dean watching might just remind him.  "We should--"
"Fuck you," Joe interjects, passing the second plate directly into Dean's reaching hands as Amanda pouts.  "We heated everything on the range in the mess before we came over.  Figured if you weren't dead, you'd be hungry."
In the infected zone, tragedy was the rule with painfully few exceptions, but its power somehow never seemed to lessen no matter how great the number.  "I didn't know--"
.  "As you wish." Dean sits back on his heels, reaching for the loose waist of Castiel's sweatpants. "Provided the courtesy is returned, of course."
It also means that the Pit itself hasn't accepted the rule of a new master, no matter who might now claim the title, not if Dean is still considered in the line of succession, enough to claim obedience by right from one of its demons.  Crowley is definitely aware of the former, but Castiel doubts he suspects the latter or he would have been more curious--and far more wary--about this Dean Winchester who now walks the earth.
"And good morning to you, Cas," Vera answers brightly, letting the beads drop and crossing to perch on the arm of the couch, boots knocking his feet out of her way.  Resting an elbow on her knees, she smiles down at him.  "Long night?"
"What did you do?" Dean interrupts flatly, an entire novel of emotion beneath it.  "You didn't act like this when you saw me out of time.  This is something else."
"Makes sense.  He takes out them, he takes generations of history and skills with them that we can't get back.  Not to mention they were probably the ones most likely to want to teach new hunters and knew what and how to teach 'em."  He realizes that Cas is staring at him like he's never seen him before.  "What?  That's what you thought was happening, right?"
"I know the difference between a cheap knockoff and the genuine article."  She looks at Dean briefly before returning her attention to Castiel. "I remember him.  From before.  Is he why you survived?  To save him?  Why him and not Dean?"
"Cas," he starts, surveying their candle army again just in case revelation decides to happen (it doesn't), "I give up.  Why do we have three hundred random candles? If you tell me it's because of potential electricity loss so light, that would make sense, yeah, but I don't buy it."
Cas's eyes widen, and Dean just manages to keep his temper in check; there's no way Cas could have known he was never, ever supposed to do that.  He's never had to discipline Cas for anything he didn't do deliberately to piss him off (that's just good fun, come on), and fuck if he'll start now.
Three minutes of observation clarify matters considerably.  He feels the hair on the back of his neck rise as Micah's head jerks abruptly, like it was grabbed by the hair, to focus on Sheila in surprise when on the third repetition, she raises her voice.
"Tell Dean I still have his boxers if he wants them back," she adds, sipping from her cup.  "Kind of pink, but that bra was very red, so what can you do?" Reaching over, she calmly retrieves his coffee cup before he lands on it. "I'll get us a refill while you do that."
"I could have assigned him extra shifts keeping Chitaqua free of excess foliage in Kyle's place," Cas adds, looking like he regrets his inexplicable mercy as he turns back to the sink. "After I'm finished, would you like coffee?"
"You're gonna convince them of something you don't even believe yourself."  Setting down his cup, he studies the surface of the table intently before meeting her eyes. "Like I said, I know what I’m asking you to do."
"I'll hold you to it," Dean says pleasantly before straightening and starting toward the back of the church.  "Would hate to accidentally concuss you with my rifle," he adds over his shoulder, "but I won't be sorry for it.  Just for the record."
"In my capacity as your proxy in Chitaqua, I replaced her with Mira.  While Mira doesn't have Cynthia's experience, she's competent, intelligent, and extremely motivated--"
¬--but as she reaches out in passing, it lowers its head submissively and leans in when she scratches behind ears almost as large as her hand.  She turns her head and looks right at him, brown eyes dancing with laughter, and for a moment, all the worry falls away, peace spreading through him. Two of the sheep--Christ, they're not sheep, he forgot about that--jog up to her, and she gestures toward the jeep.  When they turn, Dean's breath catches at the sight of the guy's too familiar face, fear and pain washed away, and fights down the impulse to return his cheerful wave.  That, he thinks vaguely, would be weird.
"Alicia, get over here," he says.  "Rest of you, watch that rise."  Alicia slides her rifle over her shoulder as she jogs toward them while her team focuses on the road with the same intensity they turned on the Croats.  "How were they acting when you picked them up?"
"What are you doing?" Bushmaster asks in an unsettlingly nervous voice and Dean can actually feel that shaky goddamn barrel pointed right at him and Wendy.
It takes two-thirds of the bottle for Dean to reconcile himself to the fact this did indeed happen, but Castiel has no objections, as it leads to Dean stretching out on the bed and encouraging Castiel to do the same.  His tolerance has suffered; one third of a bottle of what he admits is very potent currant wine and logic dictates lying down would be best, and if Dean's stomach is the most convenient available place on which to put his head, he has no objections to that, either.
Castiel reviews what he knows of Lee; thirty-six, African-American, male, adequate shot, extremely attractive, very enjoyable as a sex partner, the latter he assumes Dean has no need of for a professional assessment.  "He's seen more of the infected zone than anyone in the camp."
"Since then, if they're not drugged, they're screaming if we can hear it and to make it stop, and fighting the restraints hard enough that Beretta nearly broke her wrists before I raised her dose," Dolores continues rigidly.  "Bushmaster snapped his restraints once already, and I had to replace them all this morning from the strain."  Her eyes narrow, and following her gaze, he sees Bushmaster's arm twisting sluggishly, pulling weakly at the restraints.  "Like that."
"Always." Her gaze snaps back to him as he strolls toward her, eyes widening.  "Do you like it?"  She tries to retreat and comes up against the newly formed
"It's cold," Cas says quietly, glancing at Amanda and carefully easing her back to the ground.  Crouching, he hands her his own weapons one by one before starting for Andy, who spreads his arms, brown eyes bleak.  Dean's not close enough to hear what he says to Andy when he reaches him, but whatever it is makes him relax, not moving as Cas does a fast and thorough pat down, and finally, Dean gets what's happening.
After a long moment, Dean smiles faintly.  "Dude, I'm trying here, but this coming from the guy who told Lucifer to fuck himself
"It's what you do with it," Dean says, biting his lip at another, more frantic bulge and sliding a reassuring hand down his back.  "The material, it's never gonna be good enough."
"You heard me," Vera answered, staring into his eyes as if trying to force the meaning of the words into his brain by sheer will.  "Don't. Panic."
"Seems fine," she answers.  "Monitor isn't showing any problems. I was thinking an ultrasound, but I'm not sure I'd know what I was seeing looking right at it."  Taking a deep breath, she thoroughly cleans her hands and arms to the elbow, and Castiel picks up her gloves, holding them out for her; routine can be comfort, but it can also be a reminder.  She's a practitioner nurse with vast experience, but she is also his and Dean's doctor and their faith in her abilities has been proven.
Dean takes an abortive step toward them, but Mira just braces a hand on the edge of the post and does a picture perfect imitation of Cas up until her hand slips.  Dean sucks in a breath, but Cas catches her hips effortlessly, slowing her descent until she's on the ground.
"I have to admit," Amanda says reluctantly, "I wouldn't have called 'tried to shoot Cas' as first reaction for anyone, ever."
"No, of course not; we need him here."  Joe's a good leader; showing the ropes to a whole new team would be right up his alley.  Getting him to go along with it is a different story; Dean's pretty sure 'lack of Leah' on his team is gonna be a dealbreaker, not that he pays attention to that kind of thing.  "We'll talk to him when he gets back, but I'm telling you now, he's gonna hate it."
Cas smiles. "As you wish."  He tips his head.  "Does this mean you wish to take a more active part in Vera's education?"
"Amanda," Alison interrupts, "we have guards on the bricked postern doors, all the gates are sealed but the western one, and we have people on
"A month ago, we were--" Her voice cuts off, shoulders hunching defensively.  "I haven't practiced medicine regularly in over three years, and the only people who knew I used to were Cas and Jeremy.  I had to remember things I didn't even know I'd learned, and it wasn't enough." Her head snaps up, eyes dark.  "I'm not sure you understand this; you didn't just almost die, Dean.  You
Dean supposes he could feel more like a manipulative dick in getting Cas to agree to go to Ichabod, but he can't see how.  He wonders if it's better or worse that he feels guilty about it and still has no intention of giving Cas an out.
"Strength, speed, accuracy with any weapon, and automatic probability manipulation when we were hunting," he answers, combining 'bored' with 'condescending'. "That means--"
"I try," she says, smiling back.  "If you don't have anything else for me, I can hang with Amanda today, give her some support."
She finishes in a crouch, head up, eyes distant, perfect stillness balanced on the ball of one foot; her invisible enemies are all very, very dead, and he and a hundred dead adepts exult in her success, for they, like him, never consider the possibility she might fail.
"History repeating itself," Dean says suddenly, anger vanishing.  "Like how Dean's team leaders thought you were a dangerous influence on him."
"Pacification of one's territory is a matter of course, but that was--" An atrocity, even by the standards of Hell.  Inspired, he can't help but admit; he'd just like to know how he did it.  The dissolution and reduction were almost at once before fusion; the most brilliant part is they're all still there, ready for use.  In case the new Master needs their service after all.  "Thorough."
"We don't know what specifically triggered the attacks," he answers, though logic states a geas that causes that exact set of emotional reactions will not be improved by adding natural human reaction to knowing that's what's happening to them. "I have reasons."
"No." Dropping his head back against the chair, he takes a deep breath, then another, feeling drained and suddenly very, very tired, an exhaustion that has nothing at all to do with the need for sleep.  It's a familiar feeling; despite its recent absence, he never truly believed that it wouldn't return eventually.  "It's been a very long day, is all. I suppose I'm simply tired."
Cas's confusion goes straight to shock, and there we go, that look: on a guess, the last people to see that were in Sodom or Egypt and he knows how well that went for them.  "You think I can't handle Crowley?"
"Cas?"  Despite the distance, despite the sheer glut of information, Dean's voice is perfectly clear, cutting through the cacophony like a knife sinking into bare flesh, and he grabs onto it gratefully.  "Everything okay?  Talk to me."
Alicia still thinks forgiveness is something that must be earned, paid with pain in full measure, and not simply given: he can't blame her. Until now, he's not sure he realized it himself.
Dean's hands come to rest on his cheeks, staring at him like he's not sure what he is.  "So your commander had to leave before he could get to the part where you thought it'd be a good idea to face down a Hellhound alone so you could explain..." He chuckles softly, looking at him--no one's ever looked at him like Dean does.  "He'll talk to you about that tomorrow, okay? In detail."
"I was created to be a soldier.  When I fought for the Host, my satisfaction was in doing my Father's will, of course."
"It's about you," he says.  "History doesn't improve on repetition.  I don't want…" Two years of endless arguments, protracted silences, wary truces broken almost before they began flash through his mind on endless repeat; he can't risk it happening, not again, not when this time he has so much to lose, more than he ever imagined he'd have.  "We can discuss this in more detail when you return.  I can verify James' suitability in your absence, but adding new team members to the existing teams can be postponed for now."
"Dean," Teresa says slowly, "that is literally the least surprising part of anything that happened. I worked out that much the first time we met.  You're right, I would have done the same thing--or rather, walked up to John Winchester and offered my services, no fucks given."  Dean glares at her, but it doesn't last much past the sheer horror of what never happened, thank God. "What I wasn’t sure of was why the earth went with it.  You weren't an apprentice, it met you that day, and the earth isn't stupid, it
--and maybe do something, but not required--get the praetorship and a rich province to loot, and buy the consulship.  Congratulations: you're an aristocrat, your family is ennobled for all of time, and you get to sit in an ivory curule chair wherever you go for the rest of your life."  She looks at him.  "Everyone did it; Rome admires both money and knowing when to use it."
Dean stopped the car a little abruptly (even in Heaven, slammed brakes resulted in a kind of casual shimmy to a stop, rather than a hard slam in the seat). “Altered what now?”
“Something like that.” Charlie looked smug before she met his gaze with an earnest look. “Cas, I’m not going anywhere,” she promised.
“Because I had to solve a damn mystery about shoes,” Dean said. “So I don’t die, and my brother doesn’t die, and everyone I love doesn’t wallow in misery under an egotistical king and his collection of stone cold daughters.”
“Point two. Ghosts can be incorporeal or corporeal.” He looked pointedly at Dean, and his semi-transparent hand on the covers. “You’ve been both.”
Crowley leaned across the table to say something, and Dean sat back down abruptly, his face blanching. Crowley leaned out of the booth and waved Castiel and the guard over with a deceptively friendly smile. “Let’s go, sweetheart,” the guard murmured, giving him a shove.
“You first,” Castiel laughed, wrestling with Dean’s belt and pulling the tongue free from the buckle.
“Okay, whatever salad boy.” Dean reached across and flicked Sam’s ear, so much like an eight year old boy that Castiel stepped backwards and out of the line of fire. “You loved it.”
Castiel followed Dean to his car and stared at him, feeling lost. What should he say? What could he say? He’d brought Dean into terrible danger. There was nothing he could possibly say that could make up for it.
Walking away from Dean felt wrong. Dean let him go, watching as Castiel opened his laptop and pulled up the text to speech program. He typed, “It’s always pies.” It seemed an anticlimactic thing to say after all that had just occurred. He glanced at Dean from his half crouch.
Next to him, Dean shook his head, jabbing one thumb towards the direction they’d come from. Castiel grimaced, but nodded. They went the other way, back through the Orchid House - Castiel skirting the edges of the path to avoid Dean’s trap.
Dean and Castiel wandered the market. Kevin and Channing had apparently given them up as a lost cause or, Castiel was beginning to suspect, their abandonment had been even more orchestrated than he’d originally suspected. He couldn’t complain.
Castiel’s fingers were messy, but instead of wiping them clean and typing, he pressed his hand to Dean’s, sliding his fingers along the taut tendons until Dean stopped slicing mushrooms. They stood there for what must have surely been a handful of breaths. Castiel tightened his grip. Touching Dean had a way of stretching moments into distracted spans of forever.
The witch lit a match and dropped it into the bowl with a sardonic twist to his lips. “Good luck,” he murmured as a whirl of purple light enveloped the vampire. “You’re gonna need it.”
“Sure,” Charlie said, her tone falling flat. “Great.” She shook her head at Castiel, a look which clearly said
“That’s worth the risk if it means getting rid of you,” Castiel shouted over the growing maelstrom. “You’ve poisoned this world with your presence. It’s time you get locked away for good. And this time, all the keys are already broken.”
Castiel was ready this time too, armed with a professional smile and a typed greeting ready to go. “Welcome back,” he said and the man grinned.
Castiel frowned as he rounded a corner. Something flashed in the corner of his eye and he whirled, firing on instinct. He shot a clean hole into the demon’s shoulder and then whipped out a handgun and fired a devil’s trap bullet to lodge in the demon’s spine.
“Cas?” Dean asked with pinched worry around his eyes. “When did you get here? What are you doing here? I’ve been worried about you.” There was a slightly accusatory edge to his questions, but overlaying everything Castiel could hear wild relief. Dean was
“Thank you?” Castiel said, although the tablet delivered the line without any unusual inflection since he had failed to add any punctuation.
That evening, Castiel kept his laptop open after he finished work and settled on the couch. With the television on at a low hum, he began to research the house.
“Well. I’m…flattered.” The confession was soft and so close to Castiel’s ear that it ruffled the hair at his neck.
“Cas,” Charlie said gently as they got into her car, the doors closing with a solid thunk around them.
Castiel had noticed the gap - the baseboard pulled away a solid quarter inch in places - but had until that moment successfully ignored it. Pulling out the paper, the bracelet was an obvious snake of color pressed against the wall. “What is this?” he murmured. But as he dug the tip of his pencil in to lever out the braided bracelet, he knew. Castiel pulled it out and laid it on his palm as his heart began to race. It was thin - thinner than he’d pictured. The band of red and brown obscured the blood on it, but darker patches blotching the pattern betrayed it.
“That’s pretty amazing.” Dean sounded wistful. “Although, the world’s missing out. You could do cookbooks.” He gave Castiel a frankly appreciative once over. “Or a TV show. You’d look good on TV.”
He emerged from Charlie’s yellow Gremlin with Dean’s card clutched in his hand. The card was worn from a week of nervous handling, his decision to try out Dean’s study vacillating from hour to hour. Castiel squinted into the sun and looked around.
Magic. The people here knew about it, or somebody was trading in it. There were no hunter marks on the town’s gate, and nothing on the doorframes of the bar to indicate a hunter’s haven. But somebody here acknowledged the existence of the supernatural. Castiel hoped to high hell that it was this Mag contact. Explaining to somebody that they were looking for a magical ship would be far easier if they didn’t have to try and convince somebody that magic existed in the first place.
Dean grinned and covered Castiel’s hand with his own. “Good,” he said with a gentle squeeze. “You said you always do holidays with Charlie. D’you… Did you want to invite her too?
After escaping Lucifer’s compound, the world was still in tatters. Demons and diseased humanity kept the edge of the apocalypse pressed to the neck of the world. Fortunately, Sam had absorbed just as much knowledge from Lucifer’s occupation of his body as Lucifer had gleaned from his own mind. Together they worked to seal demons back into Hell and slip the Croatoan cure to people with the means to manufacture it. Despite all that, Sam was still atoning for his time spent as Lucifer’s vessel. He spent much of his time hunting, weeding out the dark shadows of the world. For a while, Castiel and Dean had joined that fight as well. For a while.
Dean snorted derisively, though he’d listened to Castiel with steady attention. “If this Ketch guy was so handy, why the hell didn’t you bring him along?”
Dean had shown up at Honey Pies a handful of times during the study and, wherever he went, so went his mammoth, venerable she-beast of a car. Castiel, once he’d seen Dean’s car, had committed its sound to memory in the way of the hopelessly infatuated.
Slumped on his kitchen floor, pressing an ice cold beer against his temple, Castiel apologized. “Maybe there’s nothing holding you here, I don’t know. Maybe it’s—“
DUDE. I ran her pic through my traffic cam bot. Fifth and Lombard. Headed towards the park. Go now, you might catch her!
Castiel talked Dean through his plan. They’d drive out of Michigan, sticking to rural roads for most of the way. That would keep them from Croat territory, or from getting stranded on some built up, walled highway. Once out of Michigan, their path would carve up towards the coast of Lake Erie. There, they’d begin their inquiry into the purported Men of Letters ship.
If the drive to the hospital felt surreal, walking down the busy, bright corridors left him feeling uncomfortable and exposed. He’d grown easy in Maltese, Castiel realized in surprise. Spending so many years categorizing himself as an outsider had blinded him to just how much that city felt like home now. Here, in a strange hospital in the middle of the country, he felt raw, like his secret was painted across his face.
Castiel waited for him at the lake’s edge. He sat placidly at the prow of a beached boat, but when he saw Dean his eyes went wide, as though Dean was a dream - and not the other way around.
Dean lost himself first, seizing up against Castiel with an incoherent cry and spending across their stomachs. Castiel stroked him through it until Dean seized his hand with a shaky laugh. “Too much. Hold on. Just let me--”
“I hope so,” Castiel said grimly. A whole ship of unknown fighters against two of them were poor odds. If they were very lucky, they’d be able to capture somebody knowledgeable about Ketch’s device. Somebody who might be willing to give up the location of the hyperbolic pulse generator in barter for their life.
“Dean,” Castiel said, voice skipping. He cleared his throat. “Dean. I found it.” Cold filled the room. Cold formed like a body next to him. “I found your bracelet.” He looked up.
Dean brought his mouth up from between Castiel’s legs, tongue running between his teeth in a pleased way before he moved up to Castiel’s lips. He kissed him gently. He kissed him deeply.
Castiel sighed inwardly. Nerves made his skin feel tight. Well, he was in it now. He glanced at the tablet
Charlie picked an empty bay far down the hallway, settling them in an insulated space of their very own to talk.
Castiel nodded, already untangling his feet from the covers so he could swing his legs wide to stand. He’d get dressed quickly. Yes, he could make it to the park in twenty minutes. Fifteen if he really pushed it.
“Couldn’t resist,” Dean announced with a flick of a glance that seemed to travel across Castiel and Castiel only.
“Possibly,” Castiel agreed, pulling his rifle from its makeshift holster bolted to the floorboard. He cocked it and held it ready, then together they advanced on the house.
“Charlie found her,” Castiel said aloud, and the buttery crust was so puffy that it nearly obscured the lemon jam inside.
When the deal was settled, they were several bottles and bags of medication poorer, and had the last known location of the British ship, dated as recently as a week ago. She thought it might still be stationed offshore, near Watertown, New York, on the edge of Lake Ontario. It was a promising lead, and Castiel felt more hopeful about the prospects of this thoroughly nebulous plan than he’d ever felt.
“Not quite the same,” Dean said at the same time that Castiel said, “Hunting supernatural creatures.”
After a long minute, Lucifer smiled widely. He lowered his gaze, turned, and stared directly at where Dean and Castiel were hidden. “And you two,” he said. “Still alive after all this time?” The handful of demons still surrounding Lucifer looked around in confusion, apparently unaware of the presence of the two hunters.
“Okay, I think that’s it. Ready to go?” Castiel asked Dean out loud. He grabbed the resulting pie and offered it to Dean, who shook his head and laid his hand on his stomach, making a
Charlie had caught Castiel on tape immediately. “I know magic when I see it,” Charlie had told a panicked Castiel the next day, in a private storage closet off the back hallway. “How did you do it?” When Castiel only gaped at her, his mind a static wash of fear, she’d shown him the footage as it replayed on her tablet. The new cameras recorded sound as well as visuals, and the correlation couldn’t be explained away now that the evidence was available in such high definition.
When the sky grew rosy, illuminating distant granite above them, a hush fell over the palace. Castiel quietly helped Dean dress.“Thank you, Dean Winchester.” He slipped his palm along Dean’s cheek, down his throat, to the swell of his ass. “This was—“
Castiel slid a hand along the length of Dean’s thigh, tracing the muscle towards his hip bone and sliding his fingers along Dean’s waist. Even in sleep, Dean lit up like a reactive torch, rolling against Castiel’s touch and murmuring at slow intervals. He had transformed Castiel’s day to day life into something more...alive. Like wind sending a still meadow into a wild dance.
Castiel felt the band around his chest ease. “Thanks,” Castiel told the ghost, or possibly nobody at all. Exhaustion turned him delirious, but in the small hours of the night he decided to embrace it. “Thanks for being here.” He pulled his covers tighter against his shoulders and shut his eyes resolutely. That night, and for several nights thereafter, Castiel fell asleep to the comfort of bitter cold.
Dean presses hard into his hand before leaning close enough that their breath mingles. “Good,” he says, voice dropping low. “‘Cause I want that too.”
Castiel wondered, even as he knew deep in his bones that he could never rectify this. The look of betrayal on Dean’s face…
“There’s nobody more stubborn than me,” Dean replied with a light shrug. He smiled hopelessly at Castiel and closed the distance between them.. “And nobody more perfect for me than you. Castiel, that night—“
“Yeah,” Dean said. “She really was.” He stuffed his hands into his pockets and shuffled forward in line, and if possible, his smile seemed even warmer than before. “The first time I had deep fried bacon on a stick was when we stopped at the Iowa State Fair on our way to a hotel gig in Vegas.” He whistled. “Best damn thing I ever ate in my life. They’re selling ‘em at that tent back there and Cas? You are in for a treat.” He jerked his thumb back towards the stalls they’d passed on their way in, and Castiel thought he understood Dean’s sudden decision to split away from Kevin. Nostalgia was a powerful thing. To be allowed to share in Dean’s childhood memories suddenly seemed like a wonderful form of intimacy. It warmed him.
