"He brought coffee," Alicia offers, reaching over to retrieve a thermos from the table as Dean stamps into his boots.  "Stop being weird, Joe."
"So, talking to the new arrivals hasn't told us much, but I was thinking--maybe it's just we don't know the right questions so we can tell what they're lying about."  Turning away, Amanda opens the back of the jeep and pulls out a backpack and slides it over her shoulder, tilting her head toward the mass of vehicles.  "You up to some breaking and entering?" She pats the bag.  "I keep my kit handy.  For emergencies."
"We can't afford for me to leave the camp."  Vera nods distractedly, glancing toward the door, and he notes the darkening circles beneath her eyes that he missed earlier, the weary slump of her shoulders beneath the oversized olive Army jacket, the barely-there tremble of hands locked together to hide it, but while bloodshot, the brown eyes are unnaturally alert for this early in the morning.  "You look tired. Is patrol more active than usual?"
"Or," James says desperately, "you could come down and we could do the rest later.  I think we're out of lights."
"They took them, I guess," Kamal says, and his expression tells Castiel he won't like what he hears next. "They ordered me and Sheila and Chris to the other side of the room--I’m not sure what happened, but Kat shut the door suddenly and then we heard gunshots. He takes a deep breath.  "Cas--"
"So I hear Dean's alive after all," the demon says conversationally, waving his gun in an erratic circle.  Castiel draws in a sharp breath, adrenaline hitting him hard enough to make him nauseous as the demon thrusts his head forward like a particularly dim and malnourished bull, staring at him with malicious glee.  "Don't tell me--you resurrected him from salted ashes in Chitaqua! It's a miracle of Biblical proportions!"
"It hasn't happened yet," Castiel answers easily.  "For all intents and purposes, I'm an entirely different species, which may be the reason, but as bacteria and disease are subject to mutation, that could change at any time."  Setting aside the used gauze, he reaches for the topical antibiotic and begins to spread it over Dean's palm.  "When did your hand begin to bother you?  You didn't sleep well last night, either.  Was it bothering you then?"
They should have, he reflects in annoyance.  "The first problem is how to move everyone quickly enough to minimize casualties."
"Yeah, I got real problems to deal with, not Nate's poor sad feelings when his own fuck-ups come home to roost or Cas playing concerned leader because he recently learned all about feelings," she snaps, then stills.  "Sorry. I didn't mean to say that."
"Excellent." Reaching out, he slides the paper from her belatedly protective hand, the brush of warm skin against his wrist strangely calming.  Ignoring her protest, he squints down at it, trying to resolve it into something that makes sense.  "What is this?"
"I may take you up on that," she says, grinning at him before pointing out a door against the opposite wall between two of the pictures.  That wasn't there before.  "You can use that one.  And don't forget your coat; you dropped it by the front desk earlier and they hung it up for you."
Cas nods, not needing anything else; one of the less talked about advantages of having an ex-angel around is Cas treats human instincts like holy writ.
He looks at her helplessly.  "Are you sure you didn't hallucinate it in a new, unexpected, and frankly bizarre manifestation of the geas, which is still more believable than--that."
"I got it." Alison scowls half-heartedly, obviously distracted, and belatedly, he realizes she was looking at Cas, who--he's not sure what expression means.  "Yell if you need me." Heaving herself out of the chair, she makes a face, and Dean's reminded of people wearing Bluetooth headsets you can't see and talking to not-so-imaginary friends.  "Yeah, that's definitely weird," she says under her breath as she starts toward the door, and Teresa jumps up with a quick wave and follows Alison closely enough to stop her from running into the door if needed (on a guess, that's happened).  "Turn left, focus--there we go, I see it. Okay, probably not, and where would you get a cat to do it?  Try not to blink for ten seconds--no, all of you, count of three--and hey, don't think of any pink elephants--one, two, three...boom, we are
"Sam would get these headaches after he got visions," Dean says, seating himself on the edge of the bed, one knee pulled up to rest on the mattress, socked foot occasionally tapping air.  "The really bad ones, he'd sleep forever, but it was hard for him to keep anything down.  We learned fast how to deal with it.  Figured it'd work for you."
Feel more confident, he ghosts a finger over them, left to right; somehow, it's familiar, but body memory confirms he's never drawn it before.  Sitting back on his heels, he stares at it for a second, then starts from the right, and gets it.  "This isn't just one."
"Should I consider myself restricted to staying behind Ichabod's walls?" he asks carefully, smoothing another piece of tape into place.  "Or should I not leave headquarters without your permission?"
"Nothing big, and--I mean, whatever happened with Lucifer, maybe that--I don't know where I was going with that.  He's doing new things.  I mean, change is great."  She blows out a breath, looking surprised at herself.  "I don't even mean that ironically.  Never thought I'd say that."
"The new recruits..." Micah licks his lips.  "They knew somehow.  You ever have someone look at you like--"  He cuts himself off with a faint grimace.  "Even Erica-- she knew she might have to kill all of them to keep them from talking, but she and Terry...they said they had work to do, but I think they couldn't stand how the recruits looked at them. You wouldn't think so, would you?  But it bothered her.  Castiel though....he didn't look at them at all.  It was like--like they weren't even there."
"Funny," Dean says shortly, relieved that Tony joins him in glaring at her unrepentant smile. "Gotta be leftover from female vessels or something, I don't know."
"I can't figure out how you missed it," she answers as they start down the hall. "Blushing, stammering, and giggling whenever you look in her direction since you got here….might as well have drawn you a big glittery sign."
Layering up graphene into a Theoretically Awesome Graphene Wall was impossible, but I had a second option: bilayer graphene sheets chemically bonded to silicon carbide like a really awesome skin; third option, a single bilayer of graphene stitched between bilayers of silicon carbide over and over like a layer cake with lots of layers (billions) (before you say "holy shit" no, my idea was the silicon carbide, not the stitching); fourth option: get some graphene powder and sprinkle it on the silicon carbide like baking powder in a cake.
It's tempting to ignore him, but since he agreed to help Dean, they've avoided the kind of fights that at one time would have led to teleportation and since he Fell, a variety of both substances and activities that in hindsight he's beginning to think might have been a mistake.  He also suspects conflict when they both share a single finite space is going to be far more unpleasant than when they were in different cabins on different sides of the camp and had very few required interactions.  Last night is not something he wants to repeat in the near future.
"It's excellent training to improve reflexes," he offers to Dean's twitching mouth.  "And quite entertaining to watch, until the potential for concussion becomes an issue."
know and your answer will tell me," Cas answers, sitting up as well.  "Dean, this is important; what were you doing?"
"Yeah." Dean gives himself a minute.  "So I met with the town council this afternoon--talked to them about recruiting, made a couple of changes to the original terms, nothing big, Tony took notes and printed me a copy.…" A little desperately, he looks around to see where he threw his bag.  "Wait a second and I'll get 'em from--"
to me?"  For the first time, he notices the loose blonde hair that ruffles in an invisible wind, the white dress that shifts with every movement, the pale feet, the vivid pink of cheeks and lips, the blue depths of her eyes; even at death, shades are rarely so vivid.
"Godhood would not be compensation enough for marriage to Marcus Porcius Cato," Cornelia answers with a theatrical shiver, but there's a coolness in her eyes that tells Dean that Cato was not a buddy of hers.  "At least he had the decency to die when their son was five and leave her and his children by her well provided for and assured her son would be admitted the Senate in his time.  I liked Salonia very well," she adds reflectively, and Cardixa's expression turns to horror.  "Intelligent, highly educated, and extremely cultured, with far sweeter a nature than Cato could possibly deserve: an ideal Roman wife and mother.  I cannot fault Cato on the quality of his wife or the education of his dependents, both servile and free, just his treatment of them."  Turning back to the girl, she says.  "What part of the coast are you from?  From your accent, I assume western Greece.  Fishing village?"
Yes, they could have, which has been pointed out at least eight times since they left the garage, each time in response to Castiel's answer to his question on why Castiel had to drive.  That means that they've had the same conversation an average of every seventeen and three quarters minutes, and the last four he's fairly sure have consisted of exactly the same words.
"There's no need," Cornelia says, still smiling. "Do order the cook to serve dinner in an hour, however; I'll see you then."
"Joseph's currently on duty at Headquarters coordinating Chitaqua's efforts.  Vera went to tell Dolores to meet us here and should be back with them soon."
"Nate knows exactly what he wants," Vera corrects him, a ripple of sympathy in her voice.  "He just hates himself for wanting it and hates himself even more for doing it.  Sure, feel bad for Zack for having to put up with it and Nate making him miserable, can't help who you love, but the solution wasn't ever gonna be 'fuck him into being okay with being gay and be pissed at him when it doesn't work and tell everyone all about it'.  That it took this long for Zack to catch up…."  She shakes her head sharply.  "So no, they're not gonna be friends after; you gotta want to be, and they were never friends in the first place."
"Christ," he mutters, just avoiding a group hurrying by that seems to consist of frazzled-looking parents and sleepy kids, turning slightly to watch them take the alley exit to Fourth.
"You never told me…." Joseph sits back in his chair.  "Infinite knowledge.  You still have all of it?"
"It's fine," he says dismissively, starting to add something before he looks down at the mattress between them and goes still.
"I am called to judgment," Emet says into the mosaic floor.  "I am ready, Balance of the World; my life will pay in full for the harm I have done.  I only ask to be permitted to see Claudia through her passage and her mother and sister to their beds."
"You'll burn for all eternity," Jeffrey whines, then twists abruptly in place and nearly throws Castiel off when one hand slams into his shoulder over the bullet wound.  Pain shoots through him so strongly that for a moment, he wonders if he'll black out.  "Hell's where you're going either way."
"Uh, nothing."  Tell Cas he accidentally gave up the joys of mass casual sex for monogamy and domestic harmony with his leader, and also, Phil is a fucking would-be-if-he-could-be homewrecker, wait, not that part.  He better get on that sometime soon.  "Learn how to be a good leader, fight evil, save people, teach you how to really play poker, get Joe to teach me how to hunt for food…I don't know.  What do you think?"
Extending his hand, he starts to comment on Cas's seemingly endless collection of oils and then belatedly realizes the reason and their probable use before now.  Luckily, that train of thought is interrupted by Cas pouring a small amount onto his hand before his magic fingers go to work, and the only thing Dean can think about is the sheer relief as he starts to tease each knot loose.
"Despite the evidence to the contrary," Cas says unsteadily, "it's not that easy to cross time and space with any reasonable chance of success."
"I knew the first hunter of her line," he answers, remembering.  "She was the only child of her parents.  She was born to them late in their lives, and her mother couldn't carry another child to term.  They feared for her when they died, what would become of her without brothers or male relatives to offer her protection.  They also worried about her keeping watch over their flock of sheep at night, but it was unavoidable as her father grew weaker.  One night she was there alone and a demon attacked."
"Twenty-four kilometers, traditionally, but more a suggestion than anything," she says in surprise, joining him at the rim.  Manuel hands her the binoculars as he explains what the teams found, nodding with the same calm expression Cas used, one that Dean's beginning to associate with imminent doom.  "I'm strong enough to claim twice as much since...." She looks at Manuel, then at Cas.  "Thirty miles.  Same limit as those maps."
"Waiting for you," he answers as if Castiel is deliberately trying his patience, rolling his eyes before spearing the brisket, folding it over his fork, and stuffing it in his mouth.  Chewing enthusiastically, he motions toward the plate urgently, and sighing, Castiel selects a piece of naan and tears it in half before starting on the rice.
"Family is always welcome," she says softly, tucking Jaya against her chest before meeting Cas's eyes for a long moment.  "Uncle, yes?  At least, from a certain point of view."
"I'm requesting Chitaqua's assistance," Micah says deliberately. "To protect my life from Hellhounds, due to a contract I was forced to make at gunpoint by your team leaders."
"Fuck you."  Dean crosses his arms, looking mutinous.  "So why didn't he just do that instead of fucking around with Horseman, Croatoan, and the slow decline of western civilization first?"
"Erica and Luke told me the terms," Micah answers, "We needed to be better so we could win, and he promised that he could make it happen. Be the best hunters. Which I'm sure Carol told you."
"Except whoever holds the contract," he answers incredulously.  "I assume they know there's a penalty for breaking it, but--"
"It always is."  After another kicked rock, Dean sighs.  "Look, I get it, I wasn't here, and not like I can judge."
"No--at least, I doubt it, but perhaps I simply don't remember it yet--and at another time, I'll explain why, but for now…."
"They ever talk about how that could possibly have happened?" Dean continues.  "Twenty, thirty guns--"
"Carol."  Dean starts to ask what the hell Carol has to do with it when Joe adds, "And Kat. Maybe Kyle, too, not sure yet; he's still hoping to get back in Alicia's pants, but he's gotta know his chances are zero."
. Because sometimes (maybe even hours and hours after carefully rendering the folds of tender hippo skin in two different revival styles) you just need to have the art equivalent of a colonic.
"You."  He widens his eyes and nods exaggeratedly; sure, it's an emergency, but sarcasm is an all-occasion kind of thing.  "Happen to have any ideas?"
"No one should have to be that strong." He thinks of how Gaius died and what was done to him after, what Licinia would think of his fate.  Left to wander the shores of the Styx and Acheron for all of time, another lost shade unable to cross and slowly growing mad for all of time a river's width from home.
"Talk about the hells you negotiate for yourself with an ex-angel," Dean says in mock-wonder.  "And you told him what you thought of his plans?"
"Everything okay?" Chuck asks, staying bent over even though there's a real lack of panting now and no reason to stick around.
"Sappho, you will--" Sempronia's voice cuts off as Sappho loosens her dress and it falls to her feet.  Stepping out of it, she picks it up, tossing it toward the wall.
"Cas, get me that bowl," Vera says softly, pulling him out, and for a moment, he almost resents it before he remembers his duty.  Looking at Sudha, the contrast is striking.  He didn't realize--though Vera and the others must have--how tense she was.  He supposes Alison couldn't risk this before when Sudha's attention was needed for her body, but from the way the lines on her face ease, this is the only way she can take away Sudha's pain.
"I thought about that," Cas says, sounding annoyed.  "But I don't--I may not have been clear enough on this point, but I don't actually know what I'm doing.  Patrol, at least, I had experience with from observation, but this…."
Dean nods as he takes the bottle back, but the green eyes are distant.  Castiel glances toward the open access to the floor below and wonders if perhaps the request for the current time had a specific purpose.  Reluctantly, he starts to straighten.  "If we leave now, barring the potential collapse of the stairs, we should be able to return to the others before--"
"Much later," Cas says, joining them, and Dean blesses Cas's ability to just not give a shit about tension.  "I confirmed Cathy is in first stage as of three minutes ago."
"Christ," she mutters, setting her half-empty cup back on the table with a muted thump.  "You're gonna be here for a few days after the party, right?  The big meeting and everything."
"CD player," Alicia decides, looking thoughtful.  "Or a computer would be better.  I'll teach her to dance on beat and speed it up slowly when she performs.  Never know what hit her."
"I am not familiar with that reference," Cas tries in his best 'human ways are strange to me' voice, which just might work with pretty much anyone who hasn't actually met him.
, he could have used something like this on a hunt--he slips out of the cabin, crossing the wide expanse of tangled brush as the sun dips below the horizon and ignoring the feeling of exposure.  It's getting chillier, what should be late summer melting into what feels like an uneven fall, and he has yet to identify anything like a working heater, or for that matter, where the hell the generators are that are powering the cabins.
"You miss him," Dean says without thinking and immediately corrects their course.  "Okay, yeah, we didn't have a great relationship, but compared to the rest of your family, definitely my favorite."
"The night was pleasantly cool, so she thought we should open the windows," Cas continues, smile softening into something more genuine.  "She told me to stop laughing when she borrowed my jacket."
"They are," Alicia agrees. "Which may explain how this became a terrible plan instead of an almost-decent one, I'll come back to that.  Anyway, we have two demons who got away, human tools are disposable, and not like it's hard to find more in the infected zone, which is my next point.  Whether or not this is directly related to the first attack--and while I can't see how it is yet, Occam's razor applies, so they're related--we definitely have demon involvement here." She looks around the bewildered faces.  "By the way, I guess no one's noticed Cas's art class project has a lot of overlap with our twenty maps there?  Probably the colors distracted everyone; me, I like color.  Makes things a lot clearer."
"There are advantages to be an addict," he says quietly, watching the color drain from Dean's face.  "I have a great deal of experience with narcotics."
"Probably wanna wipe your mouth if you want to be more convincing. Unless you're into drinking blood now."
Crossing to the other sleeping bag, he sits down, and Alicia taps the notebook in her lap.  "Is this verbatim?"
"Humans who do magic, prophets, psychics, clairvoyants...." Micah's expression doesn't change.  "Does it work on them?"
Returning to the beginning, Castiel finds Nate kneeling on the new carpet and starts the full sequence there.
"Interestingly enough, I've found that it's the one time that I can be assured of an answer to any question I ask," he answers, watching in fascination as Dean's cheeks darken with new color.  "Usually at length and often in considerable detail, provided I offer the proper motivation."
Mouth dry, he looks at the wall above the altar.  "--once closed, it was done.  That only brought it into existence; once it existed, it didn't matter if the lines were erased.  I was too late."
." Cardixa glances at Sappho sternly before looking at Cornelia with obvious significance.  Sappho nods, sliding into Cornelia's shadow and seeming to almost vanish as she follows her into the
He does, because he feels like shit, one, and two, he's still trying to decide what to say if they ever get around to asking him for details on how he killed--sorry,
"Yeah, and I also remember something about everyone being gone who could help except Lucifer. Not that I think you're lying or anything--"
Sitting back on his heels, Alistair pulls Castiel into his lap and tugs him down for a hungry kiss while reaching for his knife and making a cut across his shoulder.  Castiel leans down at the first well of blood, and Alistair's eyes close, breath catching audibly in the quiet room.
He looks at Dean in surprise.  "I don't think they could hold out even the degraded offspring of an Elder God, at least not then."
He surfaces from his thoughts to realize the room is a darker shade of grey and edging into full night.  Getting to his feet, he pretends it's his agreement with Castiel and not his own uneasiness that drives him from Dean Winchester's abandoned cabin come dusk and has nothing to do with the fact that this cabin never feels like anything other than a prison or an open grave for a man no one else knows is dead.
At the rapid beeping sound, she takes it back, nodding before looking him over, and her slightly satisfied look telling him he's apparently doing great for being life endingly exhausted and recently baking in his own sweat.
"Execute me," she says flatly.  "In the streets.  Ritually.  I have no idea what that means, but I'm guessing when execution needs a special adjective, I probably don't want to know."
Sweet and strong as fuck: just like he likes it, nearly scalding his tongue on the first drink.  In hindsight, it occurs to him that he didn't have any actual reason for not asking Cas to visit Ichabod before Alison revealed what she was; he just didn't.
"I may have been unduly emphatic on the subject," Cas admits, not looking all that guilty about it.  "Fortunately, you were far too busy learning about Chitaqua and our history here to be very interested in Dean's past--"
"Space.  I forgot about that."  Dean nods slowly.  "Anything you want to talk about?  I mean, if you couldn't talk to Vera…."
, Fulvia belonged to the gods by right of divine intervention, and as the authors of her birth, they had the right to influence the course of her life."
"Yeah, time's like that."  Dean sighs, looking faintly guilty.  "Cas, stop.  I wasn't checking to see if you were thinking of world conquest. What you said--Cas was reading from the same playbook as Lucifer, I guess.  I mean, Lucifer's making us kill ourselves and Cas was converting us, but neither of them were willing to fight, even though they had to know they'd win."
"You haven't met a limit yet," he says thoughtfully.  "I'm not sure you even know what they are." He leans back an arm.  "You start your formal apprenticeship tomorrow at dawn."
"I know you," he says, crossing back to look down at her.  "I trained you as a hunter and then in your chosen weapon that's also mine; I went on missions with you, I went to save Beanie with you, and I had sex with you. Many times." Alicia makes a face.  "If you're under the impression that somehow, after all of that, I managed not to gain some knowledge of your character--and this against my own inclinations, I assure you--you must be insane."
"I haven't even stepped on the field."  Behind Lucifer, the door yawns open, spilling warm yellow light over them both and yeah, it's
"It was Amanda's decision to agree to your request, but it was yours to ask her the question, and that carries a degree of responsibility in the outcome," he continues, keeping his voice even with an effort.  "Especially since of the three of you, only one of you had any idea of the seriousness of what you engaged in, and what she was doing was based, at
Dean flashes on Del and the dead bodies at the stairs, the injured kids that Callie and Emmy took with them into the locked room at the daycare, the ones who were found later, still alive when in a fair world they shouldn't have been. Then stops, doing the math and coming up with fresh horror.  "It was over eight hours before Alicia got to Ichabod."
"When it comes to religious law, it could be decades at the best of times," she interrupts.  "Cato will try to force the Plebian Assembly to pass a new bill to overrule it, but he was not optimistic, and in this much, I trust his judgment."
"Oh."  He hopes the sudden heat coming from his face is a fever.  He's okay with that. "So--wait, you think Ichabod was one of those towns they destroyed?"
"Maybe they miss the way things were," Dean says casually, then abruptly changes the subject.  "Joe's back next week.  I’m almost gonna miss Phil's reports.  No one can make a salvage job sound like an epic novel in progress."
"You feel it, too."  Without thinking, he extends a hand, and she takes it and lets him pull her to her feet.  "You need anything?"
"They stayed," Dean finishes softly.  "Of course they did.  Saving people, hunting things: fuck leaving, they were just getting started."
"Ten minutes," Chuck answers flatly as he stumbles to his feet.  "Uh, since you got the ammo covered there, I'll just--uh--be right back."
Teresa's eyes narrow dangerously, but to his surprise, Alison nods with a resigned expression.  "My fault, I should have warned you about that; his attention span's shorter than mine."
"Jesus, you're annoying," Vera breathes.  "Dean, you gotta know people are wondering about the orders Cas is giving now."
"It's standard on the border," Teresa answers, nodding.  "Who did the warding for each room and the observation rooms?"
--not really--but whatever it was, it had something to do with her talking to the earth, and they really didn't want her to do it." There'd also been the spectacular sex the night before, like it was the last night of her life, and he could recognize that from a mile away; that, he always remembered, but now he's got context.
"There are five more points he mapped himself; he's never gone near any of them except to chart them.  Because if no one bothered to figure out a way to catch him when they knew exactly where he might hit and how long it would take, he figured it was safe to bet that they wouldn't immediately catch on if he shook things up a bit."
"How many other people do you need--minimum--in the camp to keep it running other than watch and local?" Dean asks a little desperately, and then realizes that's actually a good question.  "Mess, laundry…whatever."
," Joe continues, aggrieved. "Who's your drinking buddy and hasn't told Cas where all that missing Eldritch Horror is going?  Who covered for you when you fainted--"
"Nope."  Dean glances toward the border and feels Erica's triumphant confirmation and orders her to call in his other lieutenants and keep them surrounded but not approach, not yet.  "Two of your Brothers' toys are out there."  Before Cas can look, Dean tips his head up and stares into the blue eyes, looking at the whole reason he followed Cas out here today.  "Pay attention, Cas.  The reason I'm here is that you're blocking me."
"How much does patrol owe you?" Manuel asks and Alison divides her glare very effectively between them.  "Firstborn of everyone, what?"
The very reasonable speech he just finished composing and was about to give regarding the lack of discussion between them regarding the subject of demons saving the world vanishes entirely.  "Not literal as in referring to the olfactory sense, but yes, that's one of the ways they track their prey."
"It's the principle of the thing," he answers, still annoyed as he turns his attention back to Joe, whose indulgent expression as he looks between them tells Dean that he thinks he's watching domestic partners having the cutest argument ever.  Also, what the hell does Cas have in their kitchen these days anyway?  "So they were definitely watching for us.  Keep going."
He found out that extempore discussion with Jody and Kamal about the tragic lack of places to rollerblade in Chitaqua on the day of the supply run (and equipment debates because gear is important and the wrong kind can kill) began the first time they met in training.  Apparently it's gotten better; it used to be debated at the top of their lungs and ended in them fighting it out in what could generously be called sparring if Amanda didn't make them disarm first because why take the risk?  Especially when Ana credits that for their almost miraculous improvement in combat skills, which makes him wonder how many demons died for Nike's lack of a social conscience and what that means in the greater scheme of things.
"Frederick and Rosario are doing it for the entire militia now, as Alison is instituting water rationing," Cas answers, taking something out as he returns to the bed.
Lifting his head enough for Dean to roll over, he waits for Dean to extend an arm before settling against his shoulder.  "You're setting a terrible precedent," he observes sleepily.  "Breakfast in bed two mornings in a row: I'm becoming spoiled."
"Counting down to the new year," Dean answers.  "Forty-two, forty-one, forty, thirty-nine--dude, it's a countdown.  You're supposed to
"I bet you were impressive as hell," Dean says with a grin.  "Wish I could have seen it.  Bloody sword, wings, halo--"
"The cast you'll be wearing in roughly one hour.  After I take you to the infirmary to have your ankle examined by Vera and she tells Dolores that in her opinion she removed the last one far too early," he answers, taking the opportunity to retrieve the sugar.  "Otherwise, the damage to your ankle will be permanent."
"Why," Dean asks incredulously, "didn't you just ask me for them?"  Then, "Are you going to leave me here?"
"I have no idea if they were delicious," he says, not without regret, and Alison's cheeks grow pinker still.  "Nor would I ever describe any person with whom I had sexual relations thus, for that is an excellent way to learn what 'cut off' means, as more than one person learned in Chitaqua. Some," he adds in distant horror, "didn't even have working showers."
After a few minutes, Castiel observes, "I hate food, but Dean no longer complains about my cooking and now seems to look forward to meals."
"I thought of that," Castiel says.  "To avoid that, I'm going to see if I can make all of you invisible."
"Crassus needs a knife between the ribs," Publius interrupts casually, eyes on Cornelia.  "I withdraw my objections to Licinia's presence in your household; having met the gentleman in question, any fate is preferable to returning to her
"Thank you."  Dean freezes half-way through buttering his own tortilla as Cas folds it neatly in half and takes a bite, blue eyes falling closed, and oh God.
"Sorry.  I just--a fight with Joe.  Did that earlier today with Vera, so figured add in you, got a complete set."
The thing stares up at him in dawning fear, bewilderment, like it's never looked in the mirror, seen the monster there, hiding behind its human face.  "I don't--"
Involuntarily, his eyes flicker to Dean's hands.  "You had marks on your wrists, very fresh, and signs of abrasions less than ten minutes old."
"We'll be at Alison's tonight," Cas tells Vera.  "You and Joseph are in command until dawn.  Is there anything--"
"Thank God," Alison says in relief, sitting back on her heels.  "If you did, I'd have to do it for support, and seriously, not everyone looks as good as you do
"Vera, I don't want to disappoint you, but you weren't my first.  If you want the exact number, however--"
An subterranean scene opens, dark and rather uninspiring, a few rats chasing each other over the sunken, empty tracks and exhausted people littering one side; the impression is it's very late and everyone is very, very tired, and he wonders why Sudha chose this.
Dean sighs.  "Fine, which one sired it? Was that their first litter with Fido?" He may only know the basics of what Cas is doing, but even he can see that Lucca's something special.
The knock on the door is almost immediately followed by Joe's face. "Sean's team just left.  Lee and Damiel are back early; I sent them to get something from the mess and pick the recruits going with them. You want me to send them in here when they're done or...."
Dean's suddenly reminded of learning all about the Road Coloring Theorem when Cas was explaining how it related to the most recent reorganization of their pantry, except the (horrifying) part where he understood after Cas assembled a model of the goddamn thing with toothpicks.  This--he's not sure what to do with it.
"Contaminate it by binding it to your true name."  Dean tries with more confidence than he feels, and is rewarded with another smile.
"He was adamant I acquire useful life skills," Cas answers absently as his fingers test the upper endurance limits of the standard laptop keyboard.  "I'm sure even I couldn't get it wrong. He was very insistent about following the recipe."
"No."  Straightening, he feels the hand fall away--almost reluctantly, he thinks, but that can't be right--and looks at Dean as he settles back into the passenger seat.  "I don't think it would be a good idea for anyone at the camp to see you."  For so many reasons, and none of which he thinks Dean needs to know, for his own sanity.
"Okay."  Suddenly, Lucifer looks like a much less depressing topic.  "Speaking of Lucifer, hey, anything happening with the end of the world yet?"
"So noted." He sits up to push a pillow against the headboard, trying to find the right words for this. "The last time she was on earth was for Winchester House for breaking the ban on their kind on this plane, but due to its--properties--and the fact its effect on this plane were limited to the house itself and its grounds, we sent her away again.  Very carefully."
"That fucker," she says succinctly, which as far as Dean's concerned isn't bad assessment of his character.  "If there's anything else, any chance I can get some coffee?  Ours is better than the infirmary."
"Oh yeah," he agrees, looking speculatively at the empty bowl and considering the possibility of a second helping.  Experience has taught him that his ability to consume food may not equal his stomach's ability to handle it.  Setting the bowl aside for now, he turns his attention to Cas, who abruptly jerks his attention back to his laptop, and reconsiders Cas's relationship with food again.  "What did you think of it?"
"You even know what you mean?"  Dean looks at the blackened outer ring, shaking his head.  "So what your goddess did wasn't enough?  Divine fucking fire?  You can't even see it anymore."
Dean sighs.  "Believe it or not, that was actually my best try yet.  You see why I was putting this off?"
"Almost done," he says steadily, not looking down or checking to see if his voice just went up an octave on that second word; it did, so everyone needs to just move on.  Heights don't bother me, he reminds himself firmly.  I'm just bitter about not remembering as a demon my wings didn't work and I couldn't fly.  Because that's so much better.
He doesn't wait to see if Amanda took the shot or if it hit; he knows Amanda and she can't, won't miss.  Both questions are answered on the field within a second anyway: the approaching Croats stop, Erica's control slipping from a bullet to the head if he knows Amanda, bewilderment and hazy confusion holding them still, uncertain.  He can almost see the moment that they take in there's actually more than one target, and not all of them are human.  As the too-focused mass dissolves, turning on each other, others sprint forward, and this time they're after
"I'm terrible at poker," Cas murmurs, but something tells Dean maybe he made some progress.  "A siege of Hell is nothing like poker, and you're not a pile of currency."
"Whatever," Dean mutters, going out the door of the Situation Room and stepping onto a colorful mosaic floor in an enormous white room scattered with massive Corinthian columns reaching toward a ceiling so distant it might as well be the sky, dotted with endless tiny bursts of lights like the outlines of constellations.
"Claudia." The pinkening lips part in a surprised smile, and the hideousness of her slow death, the pain and fear, are almost submerged beneath the young woman before him, bright and eager.
"It is, though I suspect you'd enjoy it more during the day," Cas says abruptly.  "I should have arranged time for that.  In the summer, there's--" Abruptly, he cuts himself off, looking annoyed. "Of course, if you simply avoid heights when you aren't fighting, you won't notice."
Another woman hurries in, and Dean takes a moment; six foot two (at least) with shoulders like a goddamn linebacker, pale skinned with mousy brown hair and the look of someone who could bench press pretty much everyone in the room.  As lightly as someone half her size, she kneels on Sempronia's other side, looking a combination of worried and annoyed (an expression Cardixa wears around Cornelia a lot); on a guess, this is Sempronia's maid.
"Any chance you could talk to them really really fast or have someone else do it?" Alicia asks, looking at a startled Alison hopefully  "Yeah, it's been two and a half hours--my bad, I misjudged, but just got this assignment this morning, slowed me down a little.  Also, Teresa, if you could stick around, that'd be a big help."
"You don't know anything about engines, do you?"  Chuck frowns vaguely before nodding agreement.  "It bothered him, but you don't know why?"
Any other time he'd say he can't even imagine what that is, but the last five billion years of his life---or five seconds, whatever--have proved he can imagine a fucking lot.  "What?" he says in resignation, bracing himself.
"It's mostly the headache," he says firmly, ignoring the skepticism Cas-ward. "I get why you didn't want to tell me, okay? It's just…" New.  Weird.  A reminder that he'll never be anything other than a ghost, and this time, it's by his own goddamn choice.
"How would I know?" he answers curiously.  "Slaughtering the reapers was possibly a miscalculation on your part.  Without their guidance, it's very easy to get lost."
Or, this is exactly what she wanted to ask all along and was trying to ease into it.  "Okay," he says, and tries to decide where to start. "So you know what a hunter is?"
"She used to be city before we got Haruhi," Dean answers distractedly as they reach the third floor.  "She was helping Tony's crew check the buildings earlier on Fifth and she offered to run over here and see if this one had been re-marked since the last time they did a survey." He leads them around the splintered wood that when Castiel looks down surrounds a hole showing a shadowy portion of the floor below them.  "I asked--hold up, a missing step coming up, just need to--" and Castiel jerks free of Dean just long enough to clamp a hand around his wrist as he starts to jump over the shattered remains of a significant amount of the next two stairs.
"You mean Dean didn't."  That last meeting before they all went to Kansas City that day looks a lot different now.  "Cas, look: you made a cabin of invisibility--there's literally nothing not awesome about this--and derailed the entire imaginary ways I'd fuck with Gabriel and
Dropping to the floor, he leans back against the sink door and stretches a leg absently, socked foot brushing Cas's thigh.  "What would you do after you met him out there?"
"Stopping Croatoan in the cities," he interrupts, "and fighting things that the military didn't even believe existed, much less how to fight, nothing else. Border guards had to have mentioned that, considering they told you everything else, including our regular shopping  list.  Hell, ask Amanda and read her mind when you do; either way, the answer will be the same."
"She's barely off the rack," Dean says quietly.  "There's no way she should have been strong enough to control those Hellhounds, not to mention all those Croats.  We both know Crowley wouldn't send her on a collection call, much less give her that kind of power to do it."
, but they only eat humans or those infected with Croatoan.  It's not required for their survival, however, so I assume it's an issue of taste."
"--having what may or may not be anatomically impossible divine and somewhat ambiguous sex in overwrought prose with hippofucker on the banks of the Nile during Inundation?"  Dean's face turns an interesting shade of purple, and he sits back, satisfied.  "It's your decision, of course. I'll wait.
Yeah, he called this one, and what Cas said about trust being tested.  He tries to remember how he felt the first time he watched Cas and Amanda sparring, strips out the experience with hunters (and angels), adds 'civilian programmer' into the equation, work out exactly where she is right now; they only got one chance to get this right.
"Sodom or dryer elves. As I did before, I do now: it's only a difference in scale."  He shrugs, looking away from that penetrating gaze.  "You can't understand, of course.  Between the moment of your birth and the moment of your death, you will be a thousand people; what an angel is at the moment of their creation is what they will always be."
"Fairly strict gramma at that, lots of points of failure, but the most common is leaving off that second prepositional phrase. You leave it out, and your geas in theory can then go 'to' anyone.  It'll probably just sit there doing nothing, since that anyone isn't the 'on': Sarah.  Unless there are five Sarahs, or subject/object is something really helpful, like 'on this woman who offended me', or 'on this person who steals sheep'."
"They would have found her immediately," Castiel agrees, scanning the road.  The Croats vanished into the semi-urban wilderness of northern Ichabod and are moving south; a perimeter was established immediately to protect the occupied streets, but despite that, some still appear at random intervals on Second, Main and Syracuse, though thankfully all are reported in lockdown, and no one living remains in the streets.  "Mark and Amanda were both instructed on what to do to protect her.  He'll take her to Chitaqua if Mark judges the situation untenable, and I told him exactly what that meant, in detail."
"Dean?" Cas asks, and maybe nothing but hearing the thread of worry--pity?--could have snapped him back into the room just as Cas starts to pull away.  "Dean, I--"
He nods tightly, squeezing back as carefully as he can, and makes a note to discover how on earth everyone seems to know that name now.  "Have you kept up.  With your knives?"
Vera looks at Amanda, head tilted curiously, and Castiel sips from his drink, filing this away as an example of human courtship rituals that television didn't lie about.
"Grab me some," she says belatedly, looking at Amanda, and Dean unwraps the cheese while they stare at each other in--as usual--repressed yearning.  Christ, he thinks, opening the tortilla warmer, some people just can't see what's right in front of them.  Maybe Joe should talk to them or something; he does counseling, after all.
Then again, he wasn't sitting on an angel's lap that day; this was Cas, and even back then, Dean was starting to understand the only limits on what Cas could do given motivation were the ones he believed in himself.  If there wasn't an off-switch, not a problem; Cas would fucking
He used to think sarcasm was all clever one-liners and irony with expertly timed delivery, but Cas introduced him to the joys of the surrealist narrative form. After some thought, he put that particular development down to a combination of 'exploring more variety in his efforts at being a dick', 'human life was just that goddamn boring he literally had nothing better to do', and 'three quarters of any given audience would have no idea what was happening and that's hilarious'.
"You needn't worry," Cas says reassuringly, stopping and turning to face him, like the fact this conversation exists isn't the fucking
"Yes, the heavy traffic might be a problem if it existed," Castiel agrees, crossing his arms.  "Please continue."
Dean goes still, eyebrows knitting before he nods, almost to himself, then looks at Castiel seriously.  "I'll give you this one.  If I'm ever interested, you're first on my list.  Happy?"
Sappho nods, horror stark on her face.  Sempronia abruptly drops to her knees, careless of crumpling her skirts, and takes Sappho's hands in hers.
He pauses for a moment to observe Alison, who is making noises not unlike squeaking between helplessly gasped breaths.
"One hundred and seventy-four million gallons per hour per square mile, one, three, or five because my Brother likes prime numbers," he answers immediately.  "Ask me how many human bodies that would be.  Even accounting for density, the sheer scope of transmuting water into blood is--"
."  Dean looks at the blue candle suspiciously, but--is that blueberry?  Fresh blueberries, even, the kind so ripe they're almost bursting out their skin when you eat them.  "What do they do?"
"I'm joking.  I'm sure there were other factors involved." And whoa, Cas is palming a knife that came out of nowhere.  "Come here."
"Call him here," Cas says calmly.  "And then acquire his Grace."  Getting to his feet, he extends a hand to Dean.  "Come on.  I'll show you how I did it."
how he powers Chitaqua's wards while you're at it.  Trust me, it's so much cooler when he tells it.  And kind of terrifying," he admits. "But once you get over that part, cool."
"I don't know," Cas answers slowly, which is as good as a 'yes'.  "It wouldn't have changed how this ended.  Once Dean acquired the Colt, it was simply a matter of time."
"Better figure out how to kill a mammoth with a rock," Dean advises him in cheerful despair, head dropping onto back of the couch and staring up at the ceiling as he heaves yet another sigh.  Before he even realizes what he's doing, Castiel echoes it.  "Look on the bright side.  Maybe the entire global warming thing ends this in a worldwide desert."
," Sappho answers, voice startling calm, her expression showing nothing but disinterest.  "Forgive me, the oils your mother ordered arrived.  Let me put them away."  There's a brief pause as she glances into the hall before shutting the door firmly.  Carefully not looking at Sempronia, she puts them on a small table, taking time to rearrange them for no reason Dean can figure out.  "Would you like me to fetch your maid,
"Just noticed is all."  He gives Castiel a professional once-over, taking in the jeans, flannel shirt, t-shirt, and jacket, lingering on the gunbelt.  "I mean--less guru-wear, more freaky survivalist these days."
"--on our soon to be range because he was up all the night before playing poker with Joe and Alison?"
"Everything is subject to chance," he corrects.  "Luck is a part of that, yes, but alone, its effect is generally very small; it's spread very thin, you might say, which renders it effectively neutral in the short term and simply a part of the progression of Creation in the long term."
Amanda and Dean both come to attention without seeming to do more than look at him.  "Jeffrey," she says softly.  "First date at the shooting range, yeah."
Cas looks away.  "You don't understand how dangerous it is, to give someone that kind of power over you, even with the best of intentions."
"Too many people," Bushmaster says with terrifying paranoid certainly, like he's trying to reassure her, and to his horror, she nods and so do Remington and Beard with his shotgun still trained in Dean's head.  "It could be any of them.  Or all of them."
"Looks like it."  About ten acres of perfectly mown grass just--sitting there, like a lawn transplanted from suburbia.  Illusion, construct, or maybe the real thing (how? Cas): it's not like there's any difference between them here.  "I wonder where he's putting the garden?"
"With a spell that strong, there was some leeway, though," she adds.  "You said the Kansas border is taking a week to collapse; with roughly two hundred years behind it, we had a year and a day from the death of one of the thirteen to replace them.  And considering how many things we pissed off with our protections…."
"With these kinds of numbers, that or the equivalent."  She winces.  "Luckily, we've had to deal with it a few times when the waste plant kind of--broke--so we know how to avoid poisoning ourselves, but--Cas, I don't have details and I don't want them, please don’t make me go get them.  Some things should remain a mystery to the common man."
promise to forsake all others until my literal death, thus dooming myself to a life of tragic celibacy and unsettlingly frequent masturbation, if I don't have to--would that conversation define the concept of 'awkward'?"
Lily looks distinctly unimpressed, but Tony's observed that her intelligence is unusually high, especially considering her age, and he finds himself in full agreement.
"I could mention that rumor has it that his team threatened to drive into a tree to get on the injured list and off patrol if he didn't shut up."
Eventually, Dean makes a vague effort to move, though from what Castiel can ascertain, he's not sure which muscles to use, and they're equally bewildered if they should want to work.
"He's still an angel," he answers, equally soft.  "What it would take to do it would be interesting, but ultimately academic.  He'd kill himself first, and in any case, it would be both quicker and far easier to simply kill or Cage him."
"No," Cornelia answers with a faint, wry smile, eyes bleak with the grief she won't show anywhere else. "But why not?  What else can they take from me?"  She straightens her shoulders grimly.  "I'm a Cornelia; if my father could face Hannibal in Africa without fear, I can walk the Forum of Rome."
"Of course." Cas settles himself into educational mode, which is a lot less annoying than it used to be.  "Generally, latent abilities are only awakened by an extremely traumatic event, either personal or global, or long-term exposure to supernatural influences."
Liking this Cas would have been hard, you had to work at it--or maybe it wasn't hard at all when you knew it wasn't all there was to him, that there was more.
Castiel remembers turning around to see them, all too-fast steps, ragged clothing, and hungry expressions, and the (slow, monotonous, grindingly miserable) world came to an abrupt stop.
Taking a deep breath, he gets more lotion and methodically goes over Dean's hand again before saying, in what he hopes is at least some semblance of a normal voice, "Try to extend your fingers again.  This time, stop if there's any pain at all."
"My very first instructor in hunting in a human body on earth." He bites back a smile at Dean's surprise. "Or rather, of two of my vessels, who housed me during my assignments on earth then."
"Go," Manuel says in amusement, giving Matt, Jody, and Andy a sympathetic look. "We'll keep track of Alison until the next team comes, promise."
"They'll tell you the truth," Cas answers in resignation.  "Let's return to the far less unsettling subject of the end of the world.  Or Ichabod.  You spoke to Amanda regarding training the new recruits?  Did she have any concerns?"
"Again, not you," Dean says, fighting down the burst of anger that Cas doesn't deserve.  "It's me.  The entire thing, that was my fault."
"I want someone watching the feed at all times," Castiel says finally.  "Mark and Gary are to check inside the room every fifteen minutes and should receive verbal assurance from Sheila and Chris that they are still in their right minds.  Don't underestimate him; he may be out of practice, but he was one of us, and we can't count on him having forgotten his training."
"Better to ask forgiveness than explain to Alison why I wanted it," Dean says wryly, fingers expertly working the length of his foot.  "Anyway, we told the Alliance that we sent for the rest of our people at Chitaqua, but hell if I know if they can get through this shit even if they go off-road.  The roads are backed up at least ten miles and that's just a guess.  Goddamn hills: when did Kansas get
"Even archangels can't manage to pull that off," Dean observes caustically.  "Or just don't want to?"
"You're very special, Cas," Dean assures him with syrupy sincerity.  "Okay, what about Amy at Alpha?"
"Pretty far down, I get it." Dean swallows, arms tightening around him.  "I'd do it myself, I'd have done it before you got here, I swear, but I'm
Finishing his water, Dean tries to decide if he wants to play: why not?  "I'm a little tired, fever and all.  Maybe tomorrow?"
"Jesus," Dean breathes, closing his eyes.  "Couldn't you just pretend you didn't remember what I said that night?  That's the point of getting drunk and pretending to forget."
"Good to know," she says with a flicker of irony. "But at the time, you might say I had trust issues.  I couldn't even get a restraining order; you don't get those just because you're clumsy and have no sense of balance and fall down the stairs when your husband had a bad day, was tired, was drinking, unexpectedly lost his temper, and I...not sure, but I did do something, what, who can tell?  My parents didn't understand why I'd lie about such a great guy from such a nice family, relationships have their ups and downs, and marriage is commitment you don't just quit at the first little snag, grow up, and maybe if you'd just have a baby that would help--" She sucks in a breath, settling inside herself again.  "Dad threw a plate, once, and Mom told me how he brought her flowers and it was fine: totally comparable, see what I mean?  My friends.…" She wrinkles her nose.  "Didn't have a lot of those. Most were married to other partners, and he was sleeping with at least two of them."
"I forgot."  Somehow, he finds the strength to move, half stumbling until Castiel catches him with a muttered curse, which would normally be hilarious, but it takes all of Dean's concentration to stay upright long enough to get this over with.  Leaning forward, Dean just manages to aim for Castiel's mouth and kiss him.
"You have most of my memories," Dean argues, then remembers, right: infinite memory and no google.  Cas can't just pull up memories in an instant anymore unless they're his own (or triggered, which isn't better).  "Right, okay. After I left La Cruces, I drove down the Rio Grande looking for signs of anything until I hit Laredo.  I called Bobby before I got there, so by the time I arrived, I had a new ID and the basics on what a new border guard would known.  The area was ninety percent Latino, I didn't speak any Spanish, and I sure as fuck didn't sound like I came from anywhere in Texas, much less there; I wasn't gonna pass for a resident of the
"She should be okay," she says, one finger resting against Rosario's pulse, and he realizes she's counting.  "Probably got her first; Haruhi had time to try and fight, probably didn't get a full hit, thank God. They could have killed them with this; there's a reason we go to school for this shit!"
Cas focuses on the stretch of road before them; potholes do terrible things to the undercarriage.  "She gave up not just her followers but her own name; gods don't come back from that."  From  the corner of his eye, he sees Dean's eyes narrow curiously.  "Two of my vessels served in her temple and bore female issue after entering her service, and three of the women and one of the children who could act as her avatar were among their descendants.  One of them I was considering as a vessel before I chose Jimmy, and she was extremely attractive.  I often wondered if you would have responded better if I'd come to you in a female vessel instead of male."
"We're fine," Jeremy assures him, eyes flickering over the too-quiet glade, broken only by Carol's stifled sobbing over Micah's immobile form.  Castiel focuses on her for a long, thoughtful moment, her fragile throat, her temple, her chest, her belly: his left hand--stained with Alicia's blood--tightens around his gun, thumb pressed against the safety.
that's normal is in Chitaqua."  Cas gives him a skeptical look, and honestly, Dean can't even blame him now.  "Look, trust me here: when you want to get laid, you like, I don't know, tell the other person to go Xerox shit at the library or go research something or--you had to wait in the
"Weird two week fever from a brownie bite," she answers reasonably, cocking her head to peer at him before nodding and turning back to yet another box of maps.  "Who does that?  You."
Dean closes his lips over his opinion of the earth's ability to persuade Teresa; she's a hunter, and as a group, 'self-sacrifice' isn't something they avoid if they can help it.  The risk to Alison may be the only thing keeping Teresa from doing something insanely stupid.
"It's been over eighteen hours since what happened in the mess," he answers as Joe pushes open the door.  "Window for Croat is eight hours on the outside, so why's she still there?"
When he glances at Alison, he sees the wide grin on her face that he can feel on his own as the wind picks up, swirling sand and salt and righteous frustration because there may not be an infinite number of ways Dean can frustrate him, he has yet to identify the actual number.  Always something new: that's life, Cas, and welcome to it.
"He was asking 'are we there yet' the entire way," he replies. "Or so I was told." He shakes his head as he raises his bottle for a drink. "He's never gonna forgive me for stationing him at the daycare...."
"We got the space," Joe says reasonably. "Their buildings are hosting double or triple--or quadruple--the usual numbers, and they're working with us anyway, so might as well bring them here."
"Get out." The command is unmistakable and inarguable.  After a moment, he adds, "Rest while you can.  I can handle this."
Licking his lips, he stares very hard at the paper as well.  "I suppose.  Your snoring is very soothing--"
"Rob's okay," Dean continues as if he hadn't spoken.  "Nice guy, quiet, might have a personality but I can't prove it…."
.  My question is, all things being equal and in the absence of any compelling reason to do otherwise, why on earth would anyone
"It's more that you're asking the wrong question, so who knows?" he explains.  "The right question won't be asked for roughly seven hundred years, and possibly two thousand more will pass before a partial answer is available that is also somewhat right.  The Apocalypse has much to answer for when it comes to unconscionable delay of the progress of the sciences."
He reaches to push the dark hair back, tucking it behind Cas's ear, unable to stop himself; this is still so new, that he can do that after wanting to for so long, since before he understood what it was that he wanted.  Cas leans into the touch; this part, at least, is new for Cas, too.  "Tell me."
Right, they're--going to Ichabod.  "Yeah," he answers, just managing not to drop his jacket; what the hell?  "Let's do that."
"Don’t say it, Amanda suspected that as well, and she's investigating," Cas says quickly, looking haunted.  "Groupie?"
She lifts her head, face red, but heroically swallows back her mirth to say, "I am, thanks.  So you sure you don't need anything?"
He thinks he knows what might wake up someone in the infected zone and make them scream.  "If she can't hold them...it could kill her?  Getting all those minds at once?"
He's learned--after both Dean and Joseph explained it--that there are three kinds of reports he'll be expected to receive: the official ones neatly written on paper, the verbal ones that expand the scope of a report or explain a situation, and a third kind that are verbal and take the form of casual conversation.  Those can begin at any moment without warning, about anything at all, and he should be prepared to listen.
"Not sure," he admits.  "Another hunter, I guess--" Dean stops short, thinking through the automatic answer; that can't be right.  "There weren't any other hunters anywhere near the border," he says slowly.  "Hunters almost never go that far south, at least ones not native to the borders states; until me, Constanza had only met three, all north of Austin.  I was the first hunter in memory ever to step foot in Laredo and she'd know." He looks at Cas.  "I never talked to Constanza in the garden in the middle of the night. It was ninety fucking degrees even at midnight.  Why would I--"
That Cas didn't notice doesn't surprise him, not anymore; it makes sense. If there's one thing he's figured out about Cas, he isn't one to question good things in his life due to the sheer novelty.  Sleep, food, being able to tell when your best friend/future SO/current SO is feverish, sick, awake, in need of attention, running for his life and needing him to do something, those things are things that Cas
"Was that insulting?" he asks bitterly.  "I apologize. I assumed by what you said that you were speaking from experience."
likes and all the ones between.  Cas's poker face is fucking amazing, but he was right about where Cas's tells come out; years of being an angel wearing a human body might have taught him to control his expression, but he's had a lot less time actually living in one to figure out how to control it.  Then again, maybe he never thought he needed to; when it comes to sex, showing what you want, what you like, is pretty much a feature, and Dean has visual evidence that Cas during sex is really okay with sharing that information as much as possible.
"Got it."  Watching her jog into the darkness, blonde ponytail bouncing behind her, he reminds himself he doesn't actually hate her.  "That attack on Ichabod."
"Infinite knowledge," Castiel intones before he grins maliciously.  "No, of course not.  Lucifer would never so lower himself as to inquire on the details of his own master plan; that's what minions are for.  In this case, it was Pestilence's knowledge, who spent quality time after being thwarted to make a study of it."
Two months of training his second class had gone from a detested duty to a pleasure he wasn't entirely comfortable in admitting even to himself, and that was when Mira demonstrated her Nationals floor routine and more importantly, told him about an apparatus called the uneven bars and explained the concept of a dismount from a height of eight feet plus the length of her body (five feet, three inches, apparently not ideal for a gymnast, or so he gathered).  Fortunately, she was perfectly willing to discuss--in detail--all the many ways humans achieve short-term altitude before arriving under their own power on the ground without injury (most of the time) and how many years it takes for a person to learn to do that.
he's supposed to do with this. "Fine," he says, wondering if he should add something to that, get a team to watch her--and
"Yeah, go ahead," he answers, eyeing the sun just reaching its zenith and wondering how the fuck it's not even noon yet; it feels like days have passed.  "We're not leaving them out here for…." He trails off; the faint sense of something off from the wall that he almost forgot is back again, and looking at those bodies, it suddenly clicks: carseats.  "Amanda, wait."
"So let me get this straight," Dean starts.  "The infiltrators planned this, and with all of them dead--which probably wasn't part of the plan, some were supposed to survive--the demons had to make another deal to finish it." Alicia nods earnestly.  "Since those people--maybe--put saving the entire state in the contract?"
"God bless him," Dean says maliciously.  "Anyway, report to me tomorrow morning after patrol and I'll go over the details with you.  You've done patrol in the cities, but take Cas's maps with you anyway. Get Phil to do any updates if they need 'em."
It's not even a thought; the flash of violent rage coalesces abruptly into intent before he realizes what he's doing.  The release is as shocking as it is satisfying; Crowley slams back into the wall and through two inches of plaster before hitting the solid stone behind it with a breathless gasp and the sound of cracking bones.
"The room," she answers, and Castiel just avoids walking into the doorframe. "We're stretched a little thin for help, but Nate said he could have them ready in time for us.  He even asked what color I'd prefer for the walls.  I haven't seen it yet," she adds, looking at him.  "Want to come with me?"
"Yes.  Both were telepathic--both active and passive, send and receive, and read-write, as you are, though you're far stronger.  Missouri had both second sight and far stronger clairvoyance, though hers was more general, than either you or Pamela, while Pamela could view without harm a small portion of the infinite dimensions of infinity--though not more than that--and I think had the potential for necromancy, though--"
"Don’t tell Dean," she says with a grin, the smells of cooking meat drifting toward them from what feels like every direction but seems to concentrate in two of the buildings on the northern side of the street and the alley behind them.  Fortunately, when invitations are extended and accepted between the communities, it's traditional to provide supplies, which Amanda referred to as the most awesome version of a potluck she's ever see.  Glancing up at him, Vera's grin widens, probably at his distraction.  "Not a lot of parties since you Fell?"
This was mortality, he realized; not this corporeal body that he was trapped within, this finite world and the endless progression of linear time before the final cessation of life.  It was a three week absence that would never end, a freshly painted bedroom whose occupant would never see it, a newly-built wheelchair ramp that would never again be used, an oven and refrigerator left unrepaired, a door unhung; it was ashes and dust where there was an extraordinary man, a gaping absence that could never be filled, a grief that ripped and tore with every endless, airless breath in a world so much smaller, so much colder for a single man's absence.  He thought the hardest thing he would ever do is Fall for Dean; he didn't know the meaning of the word.
"To Alpha?"  It's not a brothel, but he's gotta wonder if this ends with them being thrown out anyway. "So the leader--Elijah, right?--you want to contact him and--" He gropes for the right words.  "Get permission for a visit?"
He would have, if he hadn't been distracted by pleasant thoughts of torturing Jeffrey to death for the bullet that almost killed Dean.  He might have enjoyed doing it with the memory of how close Dean came to dying in that clearing still fresh in his mind.
Dean sat forward: killing for food he gets (Chitaqua wasn't near starvation yet before the deal with Ichabod, just restricted rations, but seeing the dwindling supplies and looking at his camp members adjusted his thinking faster than probably anything else could have about survival here), but killing the animals and destroying the ranch doesn't.  Its' not like the raiders needed to cover their crime here.  "Why?"
Dean spends far more time than absolutely necessary exploring the street despite the fact it's not noticeably different from their previous stops.  He stops briefly at both crossroads, looking faintly dissatisfied, before making a very leisurely return journey, looking up every so often as if he's never seen buildings before.
"Any reason you're not fixing yourself up a little more?" Alistair asks, pausing at the remains of her lips.  In Hell, you can take any shape you want, but you have to have power to do it.  Fifty years, and she still can't manage to do any better than the shape she left the rack wearing, the last of Castiel's work worn as her skin; keeping this much takes everything's she's got and she usually doesn't even get to this before she's out.  She's never minded as much as she should have, and now she knows why; they were friends. "They don't give you anything, do you?"
"My deal with Erica," Micah says. "You guessed I made one; I did.  Straight trade--I give her Alicia, she releases me from the contract."
"Exactly.  The YMCA has a basketball court and an empty swimming pool, both of which are filled with people; the library has a ton of open space, or did, since it's now filled with people. But both of these happened in isolated rooms.  Mira said the one in the library--storage or something--was just opened up for occupation and wasn't close to being filled.  These people are exhausted; Mira said half in that room were almost asleep when it started."
"She didn't manifest until you entered the room.  The first time you entered the room," he says, adding quickly, "but that might also have been the first time everyone excluded from the time bubble was within it as well.  I didn't think to watch for that."
"Sarah confirmed Kat would like to see her," Vera adds, and Castiel fights the urge to return upstairs and repeat his tour of the rooms in reverse to see if that would help.  "Yeah, I know."
are more explicable than the idea that people can come in a wide variety of magical flavors and still just be people.
(In the back of his mind, Dean's greatest worry wasn't that he couldn't eventually get Cas to do the job given time, but that Cas would have a drug-and-Eldritch-Horror-fueled nervous breakdown in the meantime watching Dean fuck up his lovingly designed report storage system, meticulously detailed duty roster, immaculately organized patrol schedule, and the master notebook from hell that is the blueprint of everyone's life in Chitaqua. He really did want Cas to do it of his own free will, but he has to admit he didn't want to have to defend his life until Cas finally gave up and took over again.)
"I'm over the shock and dick treatment in Dean's cabin last week," he answers challengingly, crossing his arms.  "So you know what?  Fuck a timeline; we're going to talk about what's not happening right now.  I don't know if you noticed, but the end of the world is stalled."
"I'd like to go to the fire tonight," she says in a rush, and Dean slams the door shut, turning around.  That is the
"I was at HQ when Vera showed up," she says, smiling briefly, but something in her expression makes him still.  "Got a few things."
Humans do this all the time; it may be the defining characteristic of the species. Right now, he doesn't have to endure their fear and dislike as the price he pays for being allowed among them, that they don't hesitate to betray even after payment's rendered; they can't find him now. It would be so easy right now, perhaps even kind: the barrier is falling, and they'll be hunted soon, perhaps even now, but a thought and he could--
"Dolores used the one you taught her," Vera says. "But she--and I--would like you to check it for us, see if we missed anything that might be more specific to this."
"Is that what it's called?" Cas asks curiously. "It works better, in case you didn't know this, after a six-shot minimum and no implications anyone had their testicles summarily amputated."
"You're going back to the city," Dean interrupts.  "You want to get a look at it.  Whatever--what just happened, Cas?"
, stop it. Let me see it."  Looking even more annoyed, Cas extends his hand, and Dean jerks it closer in malice aforethought to get a better look.  Taking in the split skin over the first and second knuckles, the rest reddening with the promise of serious bruising in the near future, Dean checks carefully for slivers of glass before, satisfied, he glares at Cas.  "What the hell was that about?  Did you break the goddamn mirror?"
She opens her mouth, but the answer won't clear her mouth, tangled up with the blackened remains of her tongue.
"I was really drunk," she admits.  "But I'm Carrier of the Thing, and before you ask, I don't know what that is either." Catching sight of his face as she tightens the dark red pony tail at the base of her neck, she asks, "What?"
"Get some sleep," Dean says in a strange voice.  "Seriously, you still look like shit.  This'll wait until tomorrow."
Dean closes his eyes; he really, really needs to practice the 'not being a dick about Dean' thing.  "Cas--"
He sees her in her bloody bath again, remembering the chilled fingers he touched as he took her eating knife and set it aside and curled those fingers in his own.  All that was light had almost been quenched within her, but only almost; even then, she was so bright, the core of her still untouched and shining as brightly as it had the moment of her birth.
"You were up here?" Dean looks surprised and something else before he abruptly takes a drink and stares intently into the darkness, bottle hanging loosely from one hand.
"In any case, this time a compulsion allowed her to tell me before she forgot it, without having to remember it herself," Teresa continues in a more normal voice.  Taking a sip from her cup, she shakes her head.  "It's not impossible for someone to do it without training, the human mind is--"
"If she can't, tell her I don't blame her, and no one else does, either.  She didn't deserve this."  Making an effort, Dolores smiles at him.  "I thought you'd be more pissed, honestly."
They stare at each other for several long moments before she finally straightens her shoulders and lifts her chin. "Here to make a deal?"
.  "You don't leave my side.  Anywhere I go, you're going to go with me.  You want to go somewhere, I'll take you.  You need to do something, I'll go with you.  The only way you can leave me is you ask permission from me and I say yes, and spoiler: won't happen.  Anything else?"
"I want to check something.  If it works, I'll know within a few hours, and if it doesn't, nothing will happen."
"No." Dean's frown deepens, and to his ear, there's a faintly uncertain edge to his voice.  "At least--maybe I've seen the pieces in it before, I don't know.  How do you break it?"
, not like anyone could miss it." He looks at Cas.  "You sure as fuck didn't, so what the hell was my excuse?"
"Because I've become very good at combat on this plane," he says slowly.  "I teach other hunters. Surely you're curious how I perform without Grace."
"Thanks for asking," she answers brightly, and he realizes belatedly that he's been had.  "Find him something to do, Dean."
She makes a face.  "Right.  Look--I didn't know about the Crossroads, she never even mentioned it, never took me there.  She took all her team--including my husband--but not me.  She used everything she could to make me say yes, but she didn't put a gun to my head.  You see where I'm going with this?"
"No one else," she says, still looking at Manuel, "had infirmary and drug cabinet privileges that would have gone along with this.  Sure, they might have pulled off something, but without Cathy--"
"Chuck's wanted me to ask you about the supply sitch," she says, cocking her head.  From Cas's expression, that isn't the question he expected.  "We're about three weeks from this being a problem, and he's pretty worried about the--"
He nods, biting back another grin.  "Right.  You had your sigils for the wards and a conduit, right?  So now all you needed was Grace.  So?"
Sitting up, Dean tries to clear his head enough to follow what's going on.  Alison's spare room, yeah, Cas putting him to bed like a cranky three year old because, holy shit, he was
Alison leans forward as Manuel snags a notebook from those colonizing the table and gets a pencil.  "Let's hear it."
He can't quite articulate what he sees twining around the girl's body; not darkness and not light, but something that's both and neither, curling up her legs and waist, looping tenderly around her in protective ribbons, cradling her away from her pain.  She smiles weakly, looking at something without form in unconcealed relief, mouth shaping a word, but he doesn't need to hear it to know what she just said.  No one worthy of the question would say anything but yes.
"What are you doing after you go off duty?" he asks Jeremy like he has no idea what he could possibly want to do with his free time.
, and considering half of them didn't even want to come to Ichabod for the party (and getting laid by new people), it says something--he's not sure what, but
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking.  Look, I got a couple of things to do, shouldn't take long," he tells her.   "If Dolores clears it, make sure Carol has anything she needs, okay?" Amanda nods.  "Tell Andy--tell him I'll be there."
Seating himself on the arm of the couch by Dean, Cas sips from his own cup before asking, "How did Carol's surgery go?"
Flexing his hand, he feels the hilt settle in his palm, familiar.  The blade is both sharp and dull, stained with old blood that still drips fresh and new, and the screaming's just begun and it's never, ever gonna stop again.
The rush of sensory information alone is staggering; he barely avoids stumbling and alarming Dean, biting his lip as he struggles to control it, trying to filter it into sight alone until the sickening lurch of the world finally resolves into something he can interpret.  Even so, overflow scratches sharply along the skin of his back like nails on a chalkboard, joined by a high pitched sound like metal scraping against itself, and a flat iron taste in his mouth that isn't just blood from his bitten lip.
"You shouldn't have let me do that," he says finally when Dean seems calm enough to hear him, and watches in bemusement as he almost starts again before making an effort to control himself.  "I...forgot."
are in Ichabod, first person plural, please pay attention," he answers impatiently.  "Dean called in everyone remaining in Chitaqua this morning in the very distant hope they can somehow get to us."  Crowley's blank expression doesn't change.  "An entire state showing up for a New Year's party is somewhat noticeable and we assumed the worst.  We aren't leaving Ichabod.  We wouldn't even if we could, not now."
Castiel freezes, staring down at him, then looks away, reaching for a blanket and tucking it around him.  "You should sleep."
"Apparently," he admits with a sigh.  "On the range with Amanda, it was painfully obvious how out of practice I am; she says she can almost tell, which is worrying."  Dean tips his head toward the field hopefully, grin widening.  "Dean, I can't continue to mock Sidney for not noticing that you disarmed him despite the fact you're still recovering from near death if on the very same day, I'm forced to acknowledge you can also outshoot me."
5.) Cornelia was ridiculously and excessively popular to the point it's almost uncanny.  It cannot be said enough--though I will try--she was adored during life and worshiped after her death.  Women didn't get statues (almost ever) in those days, and they sure as hell didn't have their tombs filled with offerings from Rome's women.  She was loved, admired, while alive everyone visited her if they could.
Castiel remains silent as Dean comes out from behind the bed.  "You ready to go?" he asks, on his way to the door.  "Let's get out of here."
"She is more experienced, I think," Cas answers, frowning up at him.  "It was causing problems in any case."
Fourth street is almost unsettlingly quiet compared to Third, the few clumps of people scattered near the buildings making it seem even more empty than no people at all.
"If we don't answer…." He trails off, frowning down the alley at the next, much closer repetition of their names from the street, now hearing the unmistakable laughter in her voice.  "I'm gonna get her for this."
Of course it's not. "The Misborn are the natural heirs of Cerberus." She nods, shoulders slumping, and he wonders briefly how he could have overlooked this possibility; it's the worst possible, so it's inevitable that it would happen.  "That's how they pass between the living world and the dead without the Morningstar's assistance.  Cerberus didn't have time to designate an alternate heir, as Charon did."
Dean's footsteps check as he comes in view of the cabin; there's a new addition to the bare ground, and even though he knows what this is for, the sight of the already huge pile of wood makes his breath catch in his throat.  He lets Chuck take the lead, noting that several weathered picnic tables have been added, which he supposes makes sense.  A fire like this probably takes a while.  It's almost a relief when the area begins to fill up.  It's not like he can get lost in the crowd or anything, but he can pretend, and somehow--later, he'll still have no idea how it happened--he ends up holding a beer and involved in what passes for normal conversation at a militia camp at the end of the world.
That is so completely not what Dean was doing it's unbelievable.  "How the hell do you get anyone to sleep with you?"
"You can't."  She nods helplessly. "That's not surprising.  Usually, this is a gradual process, but very few manifest as powerfully as you did, much less progress so rapidly."
"Cornelia Africana, daughter of Africanus and Mother of the Gracchi," she answers.  "You cannot imagine that my mother would so neglect my education once I entered her house?"
"Kyle was listening at the door during your conversation with Alicia.  At least until Jeremy arrived; then he hid in the office of wrong next door."
thought they were just using me," he says, horrified she might think that, that he might have given her a reason to. "I volunteered, okay?  It was a job.  I didn't--you know--expect anything from them.  I was there to help
"It requires direct skin contact," he answers, but he finds himself thinking about the possibility of activation that could be done through clothing, or even discarding touch altogether. "Even one layer of clothing is adequate as a barrier."
." The hand on his thigh strokes soothing, and distantly, he realizes he's trembling, and the gasps he can hear aren't just Dean's.
"Shouldn't have worried," Dean says, almost as if to himself. "First try, he was perfect.  Alistair said they'd always be a disappointment, just deal, but Cas--I knew he wouldn't be."
"I can't say it was a deterrent," he admits, putting down his pencil.  "Kyle's helpless rage was often the most entertaining part of my day."
Pushing himself to his feet, he takes in their expressions: no guilt, but fear, that part they got right.  "Why'd you kill him this time?"
"They won't," Castiel interrupts, closing a hand over Chuck's chin and jerking his head up to meet the wide brown eyes.  "No one will know. I would have spared him your reaction, but in this, I had no choice, and you were the least dangerous option."
"How far have they gotten on the roads?" he asks, trying to follow Christina through that crowd before the vague outline of a man, arm cocked for a punch, vanishes from sight and startled people jerk back and away; so that's where she is.
"Yes, that's my favorite part," Cas interrupts, almost bouncing, and Dean sees that other guy again, the not-dick one, but even more.  "It's not a lie, just extremely confusing, so it can't be broken by knowledge of your existence or even knowing what's happening.  The only way to avoid the effects is to be excluded from the range, and that requires me to consent to someone being excluded.  The truth really does set you free.  Or confuses the senses a great deal, I mix those up."
"The nuns discarded their habits entirely for more practical attire and were armed even during mass," he continues, looking at Dean.  "Which was apparently very memorable to the very few alive who used to occasionally attend mass here."
"I'd kill to see 'em," Dean says honestly.  "A border guard or two wouldn't bother me too much.  Just saying."
"Stay with Cas," Dean says reluctantly to Vera, sliding out from under the blanket as Vera takes his chair and following Joe out the door and toward the stairs.  "How long until the power's back anyway?"
He starts to rise when he realizes he can't hear the sound of snow crushed beneath his boots and goes still just as a low, triumphant growl ripples through the air with a hot wave of sulfuric breath.  Clutching the knife, he has just enough time to consider which part of his body he's willing to sacrifice for imminent maiming (not a decision that's easy; he's rather fond of them all) when the silence is broken by the sound of series of hard thumps not unlike something being beaten to death, a sharp crack, and a high pitched, agonized howl followed by four feet running desperately away.
"You're in an extremely bad mood," Cas clarifies, finishing his bottle and setting it on the floor with a satisfied expression.  "You want to be alone, and I won't let you isolate yourself further.  That, actually, isn't out of character."  Cas's grin fades, a flicker of grief that vanishes almost immediately.  "We weren't always on speaking terms, but neither were we always…not on speaking terms."
"You pay for your sins, both great and small," he intones, biting his lip against an unexpected smile at her expression.  "Perhaps you should have more regularly attended class?  It's simply a guess."
Interesting.  "Foldspace," he offers, tugging the blanket he found in the hall closet more comfortably around him against the chilly night air and settling more comfortably into the frayed plush cushioning.  Like the furniture in the town center, it's held up astonishingly well to exposure to the elements, and he wonder if he should acquire one for Dean.  He enjoys sitting on the porch, and it's far more comfortable than the stairs.  "Collapsed dark matter of zero mass and infinite density.  Refutation and confirmation of e equals mc square.  Pick one or all of them if you wish."
"I'd leave that to everyone's imaginations.  They'll come up with much more interesting possibilities than anything you could say," Cas advises on his way to the door.  As he opens it, he turns around.  "I'll be here tonight if there is anything you need."
Vera laughs then covers her mouth, looking guilty.  "Let's not tempt Joe.  For now, if you notice anything--I'd say don't draw attention to it, but Dean can and will be pissed if he notices and you pretend you don't, so whatever keeps him calm and focused on getting better.  Right now, any stress could cause a relapse, and his body doesn't have the reserves to deal with it.  There's no margin for error here."
"Been waiting for this all day," Dean murmurs, breath puffing against his chin as Dean presses a kiss just below the lower curve of his lip.  "Can't get you to myself for a goddamn
"I remembered that the road was clear when I came down.  Eventually a tank saved my ass," Dean says absently, closing the door with a push of his hand.  "You or the military clear the routes you use regularly, and this route crosses theirs twice.  I hotwired a car a couple of blocks down and it took me ten minutes to get out of the city, straight shot to the west.  Beta seemed the most likely, or close to it."
As if from a distance, he sees Joe stand up from his perch on the table closest to the pyre and walk slowly toward the line of bare ground, stopping just a few feet inside.  Taking out a small book, he visibly swallows as he looks at the faces turned toward him before he closes his eyes and starts to speak, the skullcap perched precariously on his head a vivid contrast to the worn jeans and the flash of a gun holster half-hidden by a flap of his faded khaki jacket.  Dean can't hear him--he's not sure anyone can with the roar of the fire--but he thinks he recognizes a prayer for the dead.
"Don't worry about it," he adds, twisting the knife. "Give her a century or two, she may be willing to renegotiate."
"And a regular supply of coffee," Cas says finally, looking at Dean so expectantly that he realizes he's supposed to nod. "Excellent. I accept your offer."
to learn that 'do or smite' voice.  "The Alliance is sending patrol members, chickens, maybe cows or pigs, decided probably at the unexpected meeting with the Alliance for which Joseph gave Dean notes on parliamentary procedure, which reminds me: Vera, Joseph, what happened to the missing pages of the notebook that doubtless covers the unexpected meeting of the Alliance that may or may not have been where Dean softened them up with a plethora of points of order that Joseph taught him?"  The blue eyes sweep them all (Dean included).  "Dean took them out; of course he did."
Belatedly, he realizes they're looking at him for confirmation and nods.  James immediately gathers the cards while Mira carefully puts her winnings away and retrieves their coats before vanishing out the door with laudable speed.  As soon as they're gone, Alicia and her team come inside, Mark and Leah just behind them, and Amanda shuts and locks the door before joining Castiel.
"Yeah, we just do it because that's what you do when you see a parking lot; you park between the lines.  It's not like it's instinct or anything--" she breaks off, and Dean realizes she's genuinely unnerved.  "Don't think about it, just glad to get a good one and hope when you leave it's not a bitch to get out."
He helps her into the passenger seat, feeling a little dazed as he circles the jeep and climbs inside.  He has just enough time to turn the ignition before she says, out of goddamn
It stops; a moment frozen, a vast stretch of brightness, before it begins to narrow again, and her mind forms that first point of brightness, blurred and unsteady like an uncertain picture before she focuses and it comes to life.
"I'm glad to hear it," Dean tells him, bracing an elbow on the back of the couch.  "Growing as a person, all that.  Good job, Cas."
"If I'd listened, if I'd heard her, I could have stopped it," he continues bleakly.  "The Host contravened the order we were no longer permitted to intervene at our own discretion many times, and I'd rebelled anyway, so why didn't I--"
"You would make an exemplary Crossroad demon," Cas tells her sincerely.  "Remind me to write you a letter of recommendation to Crowley if you decide on it as a future career."
"Teresa or Alison? Or us?" Dean asks, leaning against the outer rim and trying to decide if there's some kind of obvious plan he's missing here that this might be useful for.  Nothing's coming up, but hope springs eternal and everything.  "Cas, are they organizing out there?  Do they do that?"
"I don't know what's worse," she says in annoyance. "Knowing that I was being ridiculous and still not able to stop myself, or feeling better now after listening to you tell me the blindingly obvious after telling me you have no idea what you're talking about."
Erica's expression when she appears at the ward line the moment the gate closes behind them is probably exactly what Cas wanted to see, and it tells Dean two things: one, she really was distracted by Alicia two days ago, and two, she knows exactly who he is.  A complicated knot of emotion clouds her eyes as she looks at him, and for a moment, he almost forgets she's a demon and not a hunter looking at the doppelganger of her dead leader.  A hunter who came to Chitaqua to find some way to fight Lucifer after her entire family was murdered in front of her by her boyfriend, after she spent a couple of days trapped under his body in a pool of blood while everyone she loved rotted around her.
Dean sees Vera hovering nearby, watching the small parade scatter people in its path with an expression that tells him just how familiar this must be to them; it's obscurely comforting.  What he saw that day with this Dean was the exception, maybe, not the rule; Cas said the guy was too close, already showing disordered thought.  Like Debra, maybe it was too close, and they couldn't afford the seconds that might be the difference between one death and everyone's.  Like those people at the ward line--
"Since I'm apparently intimately involved in your fate after my death, all things are possible."  Crowley tips his head in acknowledgement.  Reaching for his own cup, he stops himself, startled to realize he almost forgot why he was here in the first place.  "About the barrier--"
"He can end it at any time, but it requires this; he must repent his actions, his guilt admitted and felt, remorse be experienced.  Every night when he sleeps, he knows all; who he is, what he did, each life he has lived, and it is then that the question is asked while his soul lies bare.  He regrets nothing, he feels no guilt, and he wishes only for the chance to do further harm.  So he does, forever and ever, world without end."
"Is it because of me?"  His mind scrambles desperately to figure out a way to clarify that, but the way Cas's face goes blank tells him that he got it, and possibly the answer.
"Forgot about that," Dean bites out, fingers tightening on the steering wheel. "Torturing demons for fun and profit at Chitaqua, why not get the gossip while you're at it?"
"The way they watched the new arrivals," he answers finally, blue eyes distant.  "To be perfectly accurate, all my time wasn't yet occupied with drug use and sexual congress; Dean's mission schedule kept us both out of the camp a great deal.  The team leaders seemed to have become comfortable with their jobs in the camp during our absences, and there was nothing obviously wrong.  They hated me, but that was much like the sun rising; I would have been uneasy otherwise."
"Kat reported seeing several towns that seemed to be occupied," Cas says, a thread of uncertainty in his voice as he finishes scanning the page.  "She considered stopping to inquire on the status of their livestock, but she wasn't certain how they would react to armed strangers in SUVs questioning them about their supplies."
Dean stares at it, realizing something else; Phil isn't just in love with Cas, he's trying to steal his leader's putative boyfriend while he's sick, the asshole.  Who
It wasn't real; of course it wasn't.  Digging his fingers into the couch, he stares up at Cas wordlessly, almost shaking from the effort not to punch Cas right in his smug goddamn face.  If he could remember how to move, he might not be able to stop himself from doing just that.
Of course, this Dean is insane, so anything is possible.  He might not even understand the question should Castiel choose to ask, which would be a fair trade, considering how often he asks questions that Castiel didn't know required answers, much less what those answers were supposed to be.  Far more unsettling, however, are the questions that Castiel wasn't aware existed, that Dean asks him, that he now asks himself. It's not simply that he doesn't know the answers, but that they might not exist, and perhaps never will, unless he discovers them for himself.
and watching in fascination as the faint heat spreads across Dean's cheeks again.  "And what I'd like to do with it."
"The first four were the only ones besides this one that he was personally involved in founding," Cas continues, like he thinks that's the confusing part. "The other two were formed by his order and their construction was overseen by two of his lieutenants, but we came here before they were completed.  The other six--well, you might say it was treated as a standing order despite the lack of Dean's actual presence."
"There are gods of men, and gods of women, and those that are for both," Sempronia begins carefully.  "
"Huh."  Reluctantly--ownership?  Later--he's gotta admit this is kind of cool.  "How'd you get the idea anyway?"
Castiel doesn't remember James ever looking at Dean's counterpart like that, eager smiles and confident in his welcome with his leader.  Then again, Dean has found reasons over the course of James' time on local patrol to seek him out and speak to him, as he's also done with Damiel and Lee, expressing approval for their growing experience as well as ask questions about their lives both here and even before.  James is becoming a very competent leader, not least in his developing rapport with his team, especially Nate, who looks less hunted tonight than he has in weeks.  Being away from Chitaqua is probably a factor, but Castiel suspects the company may bear equal responsibility.
"So you don't even notice anything happened," Alicia says, addressing the entire table.  "On a guess, two senses would be as much as you'd want to risk; higher than that, the brain gets curious why three senses are making it miserable and investigate, therefore discovering the sigils are lying and it stops working"
"It's gonna be enough," she agrees, mouth quirking.  "I don't know about you, but when my clairvoyance offers me fairly unambiguous advice, I err on the side of taking it.  Not like it happens often enough to not appreciate it when it does. "
"I'm going to get my kids from the YMCA," she says, turning to Sarah. "I'll walk you up; I need to grab something from my room."
He thinks how to put this.  "To become mortal--much like becoming a god--requires a leap of faith.  Your burnt offering is everything, leaving nothing behind; only then can you become something else."  Like the rack, he thinks but doesn't say, in intent if not in practicalities, and once again, he's unwillingly reminded of the other Castiel, who burned away his own divinity in exchange for godhead.
"We missed one," he hears Dean murmur, close enough that he can feel the warmth of his breath against his cheek.  Turning his head, he stares into green eyes filled with light incandescent, cold fingers curving to cup his jaw. Castiel closes his eyes as Dean kisses him, losing himself in the taste of his mouth, the individual touch of each finger against his cheek, the first moments of the first day of a new year in a still-living world.
"I'll do it," Cas says, brightening.  "All the patrol teams should be back in three days; I'll make the final list on who will go to Ichabod then."
He licks his lips.  "Debra was the best of that class, and better than some of those currently on duty.  She felt it was a waste of her time to be instructed again in what she already knew, and as she was very outgoing, she was already friendly with many of Chitaqua's members, including Erica."
She groans. "I was going to offer to help update the maps, so figured I'd better--you know, make a copy of your map and practice first.  Haven't drawn anything in…ever, possibly."
"I should have…." She grimaces, pushing back a strand of hair escaping from her pony-tail after checking her hand.  "I don't know, something."
"That's because prayer is your most likely source of assistance, which is saying something."  Dean starts to answer, but he cuts him off.  "I thought I explained this to you."
"She's primapara," Vera answers, adding with the ghost of a smirk, "First childbirth, and they did the math the really old fashioned way on conception.  Dolores asked me to check her this morning--though I explained my experience with childbirth is minimal--and she's doing fine.  Volunteer Services is asking about anyone with a medical background, and we already got a couple of LVNs and another EMT, so we're hoping for a midwife to show up.  We need all the help we can get."
, and yeah, that would be the moment he realized exactly what he was dealing with.  Fuck Phil).  In the infirmary, after Jeffrey shot him, Cas told him that he didn't think Dean would be okay with being commander of people he knew Cas was sleeping with, and it's not that he didn't agree (for vague reasons he felt no need to examine), it's that he figured (because optimism does this shit) that he'd deal.  In retrospect, he's glad that was never put to the test, because that wouldn't have ended well even by accident, for anyone, and he's pretty sure then is nothing--and he does mean
"Look, I get it's shitty, but we gotta tell them who I really am."  Cas's blank expression isn't encouraging. "Come on, we'll tell them that Chuck, I don't know, made a mistake--or lied through his fucking teeth--and…."
"You and Leah are tight," Dean assures him.  "She'll share, right?  I mean, unless she knows about the bottle you didn't share with your team.  Which she knows…right about now."
"I think we should consider all our options.  That's not the same as doing any of them.  And I got a new one anyway, so let's consider
Dean doesn't stiffen, flush, or even feel weird, which it only belatedly occurs to him he should, or at least fake it well.  This is what happens when you do something not unlike a member of the cuddling family during difficult time in both your lives in which one of you was telepathic and the other really beaten up.  It happens.  To pretty much no one but him, yeah, but the point stands.
"Cool."  As Dean straightens, cups in hand--and regretfully straightening his shirt with a lack of self-consciousness that makes him wonder uneasily if Dean has entirely grasped that he's living with someone who isn't his brother--Castiel manages to remember what they were talking about.
"Penn and Zack think that we could either disassemble existing units in an abandoned restaurant," Cas says immediately, "or find a restaurant wholesaler in Topeka or Kansas City and get them there.  After surveying the mess with Nate, with some minor construction work, we can expand it sufficiently to accommodate both units as well as food storage, both long term and short."  Cas pauses briefly. "And perhaps some improvements could be done on the kitchen as well, though…."
"If I hadn't asked you about them…" he trails off, looking as uncertain as Castiel feels.  "I kind of put you on the spot there.  I mean, I made you promise to answer my questions if you could."
It's longer than five minutes, but eventually, Dean returns in desperate need of being warmed (though Castiel makes a note to have Vera examine Dean's feet at his next physical for blood flow; nothing can be that cold).
There's Vera, falling asleep in the protective curve of his body every night for weeks because she knew he wouldn't sleep, that he'd keep her safe; caustic commentary at odds with gentle hands and bone-deep worry as she re-learned her profession and discovered her own avocation on his body; her laugh, easy and affectionate and trusting, the first time he took her to his bed.  There's Jeremy, who looked at him like a savior when Vera took Castiel to pick him up outside of Chitaqua; waiting impatiently on the training field after dusk to be reviewed on his skills and to talk about his strange adolescent problems that were like glimpses into an entirely different world; wandering into Castiel's cabin at any hour, unthinking confidence in his safety and welcome no matter Castiel's mood that day; shaking in Castiel's arms after he and Joelle escaped that demon outside Ichabod, leaning into him for the comfort he'd somehow known Castiel would give.
"Right, but--hold up." Noticing how close they are to the reception area from the sound of cheerful voices, he grabs Joe's elbow and drags him into a conveniently empty room (beige, again).  How many rooms does this building have anyway?  "Why would Haruhi be in isolation?"
Amanda jerks him behind the van, scowling at him when he starts toward the next car.  Measuring this distance in vehicles passed is a lot less intimidating than thinking of the actual distance.  "Breather."
"Serendipitously enough, it happened before Lucifer set the ban.  Auction is contract; can't change that after the fact."
"Can you even get infections?" Dean asks curiously, sublimely unaware of Castiel drenching his hand with half the bottle of alcohol, splashing the rug as well as the reports, the smell surrounding them both.
Like that, Castiel jerks himself under control, and the low throbbing turns sullen, pushing impatiently, testing; powdering every bone in his body--
"Vera said that was the standard for good manners," Cas answers with a hint of satisfaction in a new human lesson mastered.  "All of them have agreed to limit their interactions with other members of the camp to minimize the danger of exposing you to further infections. They're aware of sterilization procedures while in this cabin and before and after interacting with you directly, but I'll remind them regularly."
Taking Cas's empty plate--and earning himself a betrayed frown--Dean stacks it on his with the silverware on the tray.  "What are you worried about? Haruhi's getting out, party time.  If we had time for a party or," he adds honestly, considering the last party they went to might technically still be going on (was it only a few days ago?), "a quiet dinner or something. Is her team going to be there?  Besides Rosario, I mean."
"He preferred firearms whenever possible during missions," Cas answers obliquely. "Which was often.  Now check the weight and balance, please; this is a titanium alloy, and it should be light enough for your right to handle easily."
"Thank you," he says, taking them and wondering how they will remember this evening.  Spreading one on top of the blood, then another when it quickly grows saturated, he makes a thick pad of the third, aware of Njoya hovering with clean towels, Deepika with the bowl of eternally clean but now simply warm water, and Nate with a stack of cloths.  For the baby, he suspects, who will doubtless be rather...fluidy.
That just makes her laugh harder.  "And now I know.  How to inspire my leader."  Wiping her eyes, she grins at him.  "Awesome plan.  What's next? I'm so fucking in."
The knock on the door is a welcome distraction; Castiel gets to his feet to answer it, smiling at Walter.  "You have the cameras?"
"Who broke on the fucking rack started it and has to stop it and true vessel of Michael, who was the only way to stop Lucifer; I know the litany, chapter and verse, now get to the part where it was wrong.  Cosmic event, Lucifer kills Dean Winchester, the only person who can end the Apocalypse, game over, except it's not.  You said prophecy was clear on this; it had to be him.  The Apocalypse is still going on--"
"Nothing's wrong with Alicia."  For a second, he thinks Cas may actually try to leave it at that, but then he sighs.  "She's very capable and she was very helpful when Vera was doing research on your condition, especially since unlike Vera, she could leave the camp to acquire the books that Vera needed, as well as lead the teams that were searching the hospitals and identify the equipment we needed.  However, under the circumstances, everyone who hadn't been exposed to you already were restricted from treating you during the fever."
Dean obviously doesn't want it to help but can't quite hide the faint relief behind the tissue, though he does try.
"They're…." Alison stares at Alicia's expectant expression like a deer trapped in the most cheerful headlights ever.  "They're coming here?"
Dean starts to laugh helplessly, though from relief or Kamal's probably verbatim quote or both, he can't be sure.
"She was a sickly child, took every ailment that she came across and some that seemed to seek her out," Publius says, eyes fixed on the papers. "Her will was always very strong, however, even as a babe, and she grew in strength and spirit; Cornelia saw to that. She does very well in the country, but she does take every illness that may pass while we are in Rome, and far prefers seclusion and quiet."
"He's not the only one," Dean says, waiting for Castiel's confirming nod.  "Let me guess; Dean only wanted loners?"
"That's really sad," he says sympathetically.  "I'll make it up to you: home meth lab okay?  Brain cells, who needs 'em?"
"Right." Nate takes a deep breath.  "I'd like to help Tony and his crew with getting the buildings habitable."
he's giving his partner literal nightmares; he got him thrown out of Heaven, hunted by the Host and fighting
Dean nods jerkily, mouth dry.  "Of course."  A quick tug, and the remaining buttons part one by one before Cas guides the jeans down his legs, and Dean steps out of them at a touch.  "What was it like?  When you were there?"
"My family," Cas announces, sounding painfully earnest, "tried to kill, possess, or manipulate yours, and with surprising success considering their utter lack of anything resembling competence or subtlety.  It helps to have a playbook written by my Father; all they had to do was follow it to the letter while he conveniently took an unexpected roadtrip for eons."  He wets his lips, a faint impression of pink, there and gone.  "I miss him."
"They'll be fine, just very surprised," he says dismissively, concentrating on the image in his mind; what he thinks he can make reality.  The ground obligingly opens up in neat ten foot deep trench he widens to fifteen feet within the space between the two barriers, vanishing the earth for later use.  "I could very much use a rib right now. But needs must: it must be something new, then."
, much less anything requiring even minimal participation on his part.  "I guess he could," he says slowly, trying to work out when the hell he'd fit that in between naps, sleeping, resting, and (subtly) throwing up because food hates him now and it's rapidly becoming mutual, "but gotta tell you, he wouldn't getting much out of it--"
"If you are asking if they've returned, yes," he answers, and he hears something fall that he hopes isn't the powered cold iron; that is not easy to make.  "They are not ones to miss such an opportunity.  Are they interfering with mortals? No, they do learn from their mistakes, a genuine surprise; they've never displayed common sense before, but truly, all things are indeed possible.  The great queens, from what I've gathered, have issued strict warnings; if only we could convince them to come and gather up the brownies, but depressingly, they've been here too long."
"Erythromycin ointment contaminated with Croatoan," she answers calmly.  "When they're first born, Apgar check at one and five minutes, height and weight, and erythromycin for their eyes.  It's an antibiotic to prevent blindness, in case the mother had gonorrhea or chlamydia, standard for vaginal delivery.  She smiled when she did it--the nurse, I mean," she adds in surprise.  "She probably smiled at every mom there when she infected their babies, can you imagine that?  Before they even got to hold them."
"I see what you mean," Crowley remarks as Kyle starts toward her.  "Humans really will do anything for love."
"She was not sold at auction," Sappho says roughly.  "She was crucified with the men when the Romans came."
"To teach hunters to survive, yes," he answers slowly.  "Her concern was why I was doing it.  She said there was a difference between doing this because it was my purpose and doing it because it was something--something that I needed to do. Because I wanted to.
"Do you...." He wonders how it is he can have been on earth for two and a half years in mortal form and almost three as an angel, and still fail so terribly at the most fundamental parts of this.  In retrospect, it's unsurprising he's far better at learning torture mechanics and how to enjoy it.  "Do you think it's a competition?"
Yeah, he would have, and how interesting that Amanda left that out of her daily news report.  "You don't think that."
Dean watches Alicia's face carefully, but she uses it like a weapon of mass confusion.  "Naresh questioned her last night, but this morning, I questioned her again with the other five.  Short version, I had her moved to one of the isolation rooms on the third floor of the infirmary under guard, along with our five crazy people, under suspicion for attempted murder--"
"Funny," Dean says, mouth quirking.  "All of Hell, and you come to the one place in the Pit I'm hiding after I get off the rack."  Cas's mouth tightens, and letting him go, Dean shifts to sit beside him.  "It's hiding me, anyway.  What a coincidence, huh?"
"The more important question, in this case, is why they'd bother breaking and entering--and risking the salt lines--for something that's currently nailed to Alison's office wall and copies given to the residents on demand.  That holds true for all the Alliance towns."
"Yeah, I was wondering about our never-ending supplies," Dean agrees after swallowing an enthusiastic mouthful.  "I meant to talk to Alison or Lanak about that.  I mean, they can't have much more--"
"Castiel and Alicia," she said, picking up the shovel as Castiel took out his gun, aiming for the man's heart.  "You won't forget that, either. You're going to be screaming our names a thousand years after you forget you own."
"He killed her, didn't he?" she demands, voice raw.  "Tell me what happened to her, for fuck's sake!"
Blinking slowly, Crowley takes in Dean sitting up with a wide smile, Castiel straddling his lap, one hand on his shoulder and looking vaguely startled.  Crossroads is where it should be, and after confirming that twice, Crowley hesitantly opens his senses and finds--oh.
"Can't write on leaves; trust me, I tried."  Putting the remaining boxes down, he leans over, hands braced on his knees and pants for a few seconds.  Dean slings his rifle back and opens up back seat, figuring putting it up himself will reduce the amount of time he'll have to spend pretending like he and Chuck aren't in a really awkward place right now and Chuck will go away.
"Your tolerance for pain, not to mention your experience with torture, would be a challenge even for him," he admits, ignoring Dean's flinch.  "Especially considering 'freely given' is subject to interpretation.  But I doubt he'd need to resort to such time-consuming measures when there's a much easier option available."
The List, he means, because it's not only capitalized, it may be underlined.  The origin of the List, from what Dean can tell, was the medical equipment needed for Dean's fever and underwent an  expansion due to Dean's (in retrospect, maybe a little harsh) reflections on life lived in Chitaqua followed by Home Improvement Weeks One and Two.  That part may be considered his fault, fine, but the rest of it was Cas having free time while Dean slept, an entire militia camp to do with as he saw fit, and the undeniable fact that Cas needs occupation like other people need to breathe.
Dean's still thinking about Joe's last update--rooms secured, people calmed, infirmary for some, first aid for others, bodybags for a chosen few--when he's out of the chair and by the bed just in time to hear the first hitch of Cas's breath.  Doing the math Alicia told him on the step down one more time--also on a convenient piece of paper he doesn't need--he knows no matter how much he wants it to be different, it's way too damn early.  He memorized Vera's instructions, but he calmly sets them under the light of three candles as he calls Vera on the walky-talky, sliding the corded earpiece in his ear.
"Alicia first," he says as Vera starts at the sight of Amanda, fear flashing across her face; idly, he wonders if Amanda noticed and shakes himself.  With a visible effort, she nods, changing direction and joining Matt, placing her kit down as she begins to examine Alicia's swollen ankle. Extending a hand to Cas, he has to swallow twice before saying, "Help me up.  We need to talk."
"So I heard."  The blade parts flesh with a line of welling blood, crushing Castiel's wrist to powdered bone behind him.  "Who this time?"
"Was it good for you?"  Joe says something really rude (or Cas's smirk seems to imply, Dean's Yiddish is getting better in sheer self-defense, but that was a lot of words), which Dean forgives in the spirit of winning. "You gonna tell?"
.  If he thought anyone was left who was actively a threat, he'd have killed them after I outed you."  Chuck winces at Dean's expression.  "No deaths, is what I'm saying.  The team leaders were the ringleaders, and they died in Kansas City."
"I don't think he'll object, no."  Cas looks thoughtful.  "Do you plan to tell Vera tonight what you have in mind for her?"
Anthropomorphizing power is ridiculous, but it's soothing to think of it frustrated with being limited to destroying inanimate objects rather than glorying in rending living human flesh from bone.
Teresa raises an eyebrow, and he wonder frantically if the earth told her something about that last part with Zena--he didn't quite get to the definitely not fade to black part but that was a good night--before he remembers in relief that no one can read his mind, even the earth.  He suddenly wonders if Teresa is psychic, separate from the earth.  José was; he could pick up strong feelings and it annoyed the
"So, special occasion?"  He waits patiently for Cas to take another drag--priorities, right--before Cas tips his head back on the pillow to consider the question like Dean asked him something unbelievably complicated, or--he's watching smoke trails, right.  "Cas?"
"It hasn't even started," Dean says, meeting her eyes.  "We got a war to fight, Lia, so come home and help us fight it.  What, you got something better to do?"
"Uh."  Clothes would be good here.  Knowing where to get them would be great.  "Maybe if I stand up?"
"Yeah, but it's not you." Dean cocks his head, gazing at it thoughtfully.  "Important part is the wings anyway; we're gonna take 'em."
Lanak, formerly a programmer from Cambodia and now responsible for the town's supplies, leans forward, brown eyes intent from beneath a fringe of short black hair.  "But you still don't know who put this barrier up or why?"
"We don't shoot people for giving me shitty dreams."  From her expression, though, she kind of wishes now that she could.  "When I met Joe in Harlin, I knew what I decided would also decide if I'd find out what I dreamed that night by having to live it."
"She wants to talk to you at Alison's dinner tonight," he answers positively.  "Besides, she says you need the practice.  Something about oreos--"
"Me and Neer braved the wilds of town looking for the power station, found Tony and Walter, and they explained that they couldn't bring it up again without risking burning it out, not until we could lower the load on it.  Every house in the town had to be checked to turn off the lights and unplug the cells and turn off the coffeemakers.  A few months of hard work, and we'd have electricity.  Probably. If we didn't miss anything."
anything," she adds quickly, like she's forming a character defense for someone not worth the mud on her boots.  "He doesn't even come near me, even to say hi.  Just...."
"No, she very much wanted us to ask," Cas corrects him.  "She was telling the truth in all else so that when we asked, we would also believe the lie.  Though I don't know why she thinks someone who allowed her to be mauled by a Hellhound while he ran away would be frank and open regarding his hiding place."
"Derek's assisting Walter at the power plant, though he should be back in a few hours to welcome her home," Cas replies, still frowning at the table.  "Alicia said she thinks--thinks that we're angry with her because of what happened."  He looks at Dean worriedly.  "I am supposed to be reassuring and that is--as you know--not among my skillsets when drugs, alcohol, or sex aren't involved."
Alicia sits back, looking impressed.  "I like it.  Even more with that Gary part: you know he hates kids?  Ask him about it."
"You so do," she says on a gasp, forehead braced against her knees.  Shaking herself, she straightens, chuckling more quietly.  "Was that the first time it ever happened?"
Remington doesn't look all that willing to share, but after a moment he says, voice tight, "I don't know.  All I know--when it finds me, it'll bury me in a box forever."  The long finger on the trigger starts to tremble again, and Dean keeps their eyes locked. "Can't get out, keep screaming…."
"When the Host first accused me of caring too much for you, they said I was becoming too human, that my service was given first to my Father and not to humanity."  Dean nods, obviously remembering that time as well.  "They were correct regarding my feelings, but they believed, and I suppose still do, that it was a flaw that I should be able to correct when I became aware of it."
That leaves him twenty-seven minutes, and belatedly remembering the vaguely dazed look of his subordinates, it occurs to him that perhaps he could have taken a little more time.
The next room over has been fully furnished, and after they've settled Vera, Alison excuses herself to join them.  Her expression watching Sudha with her daughter bonding was probably more revealing than she realized, and he knows Dean saw it as well; the only question is which of them (Alison or Teresa) is so affected.
"Oh yes, you're decrepit indeed," Sappho snorts.  "Or so your endless running after the children during Germanica's visit has contradicted utterly."
"I'm curious as well," Teresa admits, cocking her head.  "In case this isn't obvious, we discourage suicide missions.  In case that's relevant."
Dean licks his lips.  "Too many people."  Christ, what was he thinking: those three rooms, crowds, what?  "Alicia said that everything stopped in the mess after you left.  Mira said the same thing at the library--no one left, but dead probably counts, right?  YMCA, reports say same thing as the library.  Even in the crowds--they stopped when patrol dragged people away."
Faith: that doesn't mean those of them on earth should not do their best to help assure success.  Though how he's to do that is still something of a mystery.
Pulling her closer, he reaches for a shivering Lia as the church tilts nauseatingly.  The floor beneath/beside/above them begins to tremble as something sweeps through the room, through
.  Months of regular, enforced eating, and Cas has officially escaped 'gaunt'--a good look for anyone and Cas does amazing things with it--and almost radiates good health, sharp bones less prominent, softened, drawing attention to the stretch of defined muscle across his back and arms.  Taking the scenic route downward, Dean notes the narrow waist and the sharp bones of his hips where the denim's clinging for dear life--that should be illegal outside controlled conditions, Jesus--the long thighs hidden by the too-large jeans down to the bare feet peering out from the white-frayed hem.
"You gonna tell Cas about this?" Chuck asks finally, lingering over his third cup of whiskey-laced coffee.  Dean's still working on his first, not because he doesn't need it, but because he's gotta keep a clear head.
"I can."  Black film spills across her eyes. "I can fix this; same terms and your life, here and now.  Say yes."
Dean props an arm on the step behind him, staring in the direction of the front gate, not sure he wants to admit that sounds like him, because that means he also can guess why.  "What were they doing in there?"
"Why she'd tell you--not that she owes me, of course, and I certainly haven't….but I could have stopped it--"
She waits until they join them; a glance shows Joe, standing on the other side of Cas, is keeping his expression neutral, but Amanda's next to Dean, and she can't quite, tension so strong he's getting a stress high.
"I'm not."  Weird, confusing, unexpected, crazy, sure, maybe a little fucked up or okay, a lot, yeah, but he can't be scared of anything that bright; he wouldn't even know where to start.  He thinks of the scarred, pitted stone and splintered wood of the walls, and wonders how the hell he could have ever thought that's all there was to see.
"I think we primarily used currency," Castiel says uncertainly; his understanding of economics is entirely based on using credit cards under various aliases and the requirements of a few early jobs years ago.  "We traded specialized ammunition as well, since we can manufacture many of those that can be difficult to acquire elsewhere, given adequate supplies.  I wasn't involved in the negotiations, so the details are--somewhat unclear."
"You ever count them?" she asks.  "I never did, because one was enough for me." She gazes on the expanding flock with an expression he can't quite read.  "There's so many, Dean."
"Yes," he answers, looking at the dismembered body only feet away; he wasn't fast enough to save them.  "Possibly very young.  Verify the salt line is unbroken between the second and third floor; knowing Dean, he salted the entire stairway just to be sure. I don't think anyone on the third floor knows for certain; don't tell them, not yet."
"I'm not seeing it." Dean's cynicism radiates almost visibly from the other side of the cabin.  "We're nothing to them but food, sometimes literally.  They don't even see us."
Opening his eyes, he glares at the jeep, where Dean conveys unrepentant impatience with a lazy slouch.  Even for Dean, the restlessness is unusual, and at this point it's not simply deliberate, but deliberately annoying.
Castiel thinks of what Alison told him: life lived in quantum.  A very intelligent and insightful observation, especially from a woman who disclaimed any knowledge of angels.  Amanda's report wasn't clear on the reason why the town investigated that particular church, though he suspects it was probably been as a result of either Alison's clairvoyance or possibly Teresa's bond with the earth, either of which would explain Alison's reticence.  Their relationship would make Alison personally ambivalent regarding disclosures that might threaten Teresa's life, even to trusted allies who she knew were already aware of Teresa's abilities, and the same would be true of Teresa regarding Alison.
(He lives with one of those kind of people, and honestly, he's kind of pissed he didn't recognize on sight another one.  Or at least realized it when she worked out how to break a sacrificial circle located in the goddamn
"Dean?" Cas says sleepily, rubbing his stubbled cheek against Dean's shoulder like a really sexy cat (wait, what?), which any other time Dean would be able to fully appreciate and not simply note as happening.  "Are you okay?"
.  If one could simply discard oneself when one is dissatisfied and start anew, I would have done it.  It would be far easier--and take far, far less time--than having to resign oneself to doing something with the somewhat substandard material you have at hand."
Chuck licks his lips before meeting his eyes.  "Doesn't matter if I'm wrong.  Dean, even if someone thought they'd get Cas and survive it now, everyone knows nothing and no one would save them from you."
"I'm certain, given the opportunity, you could inspire any number of angry mobs to stalk you to your potential death," he answers honestly.  "It's a surprisingly common occurrence when faced with people who not only want to change the world, but actually start doing it."
"How is she?" he asks Vera, currently reading the latest updates to Haruhi's chart at the nearby table. Beneath it is Carol's, since surgery was delayed for one of the many emergencies that seem to be part of life in Ichabod now.
Dean swallows, watching as Cas tentatively rests a hand on her back, looking down at Paul's happy grin with an expression it's no effort at all to interpret.  The blue eyes flicker to the door, widening as they take in the audience, and like it was permission they were waiting for, they trickle inside.
"Tell me what you think after you see them," she says with a ghost of a smile before returning to the original subject.  "Okay, time was stopped at the church for six to eight weeks, is that what you mean?"
"No, that should be it," she answers.  "Dean, Cas, Amanda, I'd like to meet again at three, see where we are."
?"  Alison's expression doesn't change, but he suspects she knows that as well.  "As you start, so shall you go on.  An argument could be made--and you could make it--that anyone who enters your town for any reason is a potential threat, but I think you can see why an exercise in advanced sophistry in this case would be a problem, especially for you."
Alicia straightens, composing herself, and he doesn't wonder anymore how she does it.  She's been doing that shit for a long time.  "So what I lied about--Erica's plan, such as it is, is still unknown but--but I think she might accept a counteroffer, or at least think about it. So not a lie so much as a very big omission to my assessment earlier."
."  She sighs, shaking her head. "Not even a god would be permitted that.  I would have tried, however."
"The earth wanted me to bring you out here so it could fix what hurt you and Cas when you dreamed of the offering tonight," she says.  "She would also like you to release her from her promise to you."
Mindlessly, he jogs the last flight and shoves the heavy door open with his shoulder, and is almost ten steps into the white room before he realizes where he is:
"You're correct," he says when he becomes aware that Dean's waiting for his answer.  "But there's no one that has the experience--specifically with me--to do that kind of assessment.  Amanda is my student; she can't be objective, for one, and two, she isn't aware of what I could do as an angel in more than theory.  It would help to have a precedent to my situation, but as I might have mentioned before--"
"The kind of person who knows the job's gotta be done," he answers.  "Better question: who the fuck decides their feelings are more important than doing their job?  The same kind of person who thinks their feelings are more important than a town's peace.  Petty, Carol: you have no idea, so how about I show you how it's done.  No, you won't see Micah.  I won't let you anywhere near HQ, I won't authorize him being brought here, and all contact will be done by the old fashioned write it on a piece of paper; ask Dolores for some, I bet she'd love to help you out after the truly shitty morning she's had already. Anything you write--or he does, which is unlikely, but anything's possible--will be read by Dolores, me, Cas, Micah's wife, and whoever else I think needs to see it, and I may read that shit out loud in the middle of the town if I feel like it and spoiler: I feel like it.  Take notes, Carol;
Despite several conversations and all they have been able to glean from both the radio and the patrol's reports, the current state of the world is still hazy, but even so, Castiel's knowledge of human history is both extensive and exhaustive, and it supports Dean's conclusions.
"Wendy figured out the instructions in the toner?" Dean asks, standing up and automatically extending a hand to help Teresa to her feet.
"You're not," Dean repeats, sliding a hand under each calf and with a quick tug, pulls Castiel halfway down the bed, "a monster."
"Then you won't mind if I check.  Sit down."  Cas hesitates, then crosses to the couch, and yeah, he's definitely holding his arm wrong.  Crouching, Dean unbuttons the worn flannel, catching the second wince as he eases it off Cas's right shoulder and revealing dried blood on the thermal beneath.  Hissing a breath, he rolls up the sleeve and studies the neat cut above the elbow before looking up at Cas. "You wanna tell me what happened?"
"I know you're not taller than me," he says, craning his neck.  Cas's eyes narrow curiously.  "But sometimes you are anyway.  How do you do that?"
She gives him a startled look, following his gaze to the gate and gets with the program.  Dropping back behind him and pulling a reload out, they leave an opening for the Croats to get between them and the gate, and in that flash of human intelligence, they take it.
Sean's face drains of color while Christina and Alicia grin maliciously, so he feels good about this.  "Anyone seen Amanda this morning?"  She's been overseeing making teams out of the non-patrol members and recruits, and now that all of Chitaqua's here, she's going over basic patrol and checkpoint protocol with them before sending them out.
"Unless you say something stupid, it'll be approved."  She shrugs, but even from here, he can see the strain on her face and wonders in growing alarm if she had the kind of bad night that comes from the nightmare that is the future, but for some reason, he doesn't think so. "Sometimes, it's useful to know what people are thinking."
Dean slow blinks his acknowledgment it actually happened just like that and turns toward the box, squinting at the vaguely familiar faded green smear of words before he sucks in a startled breath.  Reaching out, he traces the memory of Sam's name in his own angry scrawl.
Dean seriously considers locking the door, calmly crossing the room, taking Cas's replacement laptop (thing he will set on fire in the goddamn street) where he's furiously rewriting the shift schedule and organizing them all into a smoothly running militia machine, and seeing how Cas feels about quickies during work hours. Less fun but more work-appropriate, he could update Cas on the Sean situation (handled, thank you).  For that matter, this being work hours, he could maybe find out what work he should be doing, being leader and all.  It's gotta involve more than disciplining people for acting like cranky six year olds or giving speeches from the second floor to a captive audience, though he's not knocking the rush.
Cas tilts his head before looking at Dean from behind a mess of dark hair.  "Three and a half years ago he had unprotected sex with an extremely attractive hunter at Alpha and acquired an unpleasantly persistent case of pubic lice that he inadvertently passed on to--"
"All that for one guy?" Dean asks skeptically.  From the corner of his eye, he watches Alicia's expression, hoping for something unguarded, but no; there's an audience and Alicia is a good performer.
In his peripheral vision, he sees Dean turn to survey the rain-soaked evening as if the weather itself only adds to the unbearable burden that is his life.  "Okay, I give up; what the hell is up with the weather?"
Carrying two cups of coffee and a plate of four pieces of Chitaqua toast (and sugar), Dean sits down on the couch and hands Cas one cup before putting the rest on the coffee table.  He thinks Cas looks a little more cognizant of his surroundings, but on a guess, a buffer here can't do anything but help.  He can deal with doing some translation.
Making an executive decision, Dean breaks the silence with the first thing that he can think to say.  "Who else did you tell about how the wards work?"  He's pretty sure already he knows the answer.
"Don't worry," a woman's voice is saying, and it's only in their sudden absence that he recognizes the presence of her hands as she draws back.  "Get Alicia in the infirmary and tell her what's going on. She'll know what we need.  This shit happens sometimes."
"With my blood pressure, you mean," Joe retorts, rummaging through the silverware drawer for spoons before grabbing the sugar and creamer from the kitchen table.  "Seeing myself marching across Kansas, sacking cities in your name--"
"No, we're getting to that now."  To his surprise, that is already harder than he thought, and it's not gonna get easier now.  "Your negotiations are going to suck.  They know a lot about me that you don't, which yeah, true for you, too, but they'll assume you know more than you do.  You can probably hide that pretty well, but one thing you need to know.  I had a brother." He winces, taking a breath.  "Have a brother."
This camp, there weren't any secrets, and he doesn't think the assassination squad was going for subtle that day; they didn't need to be, not anymore.  They were watching Cas, watching Vera--no, think like Cas's class did and still does, it was all of them.  Vera had to be terrified, but she walked out there anyway--how did she do that, how could even stay on her feet--and Joe was clumsy but Kamal wasn't, he was former Nepalese military; they were covering for her, helping her stay sane.   Amanda was showing signs of going after one of them--after four days of Amanda's company, he's thinking probably
--as they were raped and tortured, whatever the demons could imagine without risking a too-early death that would make all their work useless, giving the sacrifice more power, before one by one each woman was nailed to the walls of the church.
with the careful reverence of holy words or powerful ritual magic.  "I enjoyed them a great deal.  Your brother had excellent taste."
Croat's not the only thing where cutting it short is the kindest method. A needle or a gun: there's not that much of a difference .  Reaching out, he takes her free hand and squeezes it.  "I'm sorry."
"More that I'm banishing him before I complete the summoning, but generally speaking, yes."  Absently, Cas licks the remaining traces of blood from his fingers, and Dean almost loses the thread of the conversation. "Out of time, it wouldn't matter; a summoning and a banishing exist and occur independently of each other.  On this plane, existence is subject to linear time, which forces events to occur in sequence.  Not only that, linear time is subject to--"
"Yes, I thought it was self-evident by the fact you always do them."  Dean rolls his eyes.  "Why were you asking about Sean?"
Cas goes still.  "Chuck was misguided," he answers flatly, and if that's not a voice for smiting with a vengeance, Dean doesn't know his scary-ass former angels.  "I'll deal with him."
Leaping to their feet, they run for the jeep, and with the attention of four demons on them both, Castiel stops caring about vertigo.
"To cut boltholes.  Or maybe try a plasma torch, if we can find one.  Nothing we got is making much of a dent in the surface, so for now we'll use a frame to hold the gates themselves and just epoxy that shit into place.  I'm still not clear what we're dealing with here, though.  It's gonna be a challenge."
He's either talking down the crazy guy or--just maybe--sincere. He'll take it. "Only thing in common--less people."  Wow, that sounds stupid, but might as well go for broke. "First night, you--you were talking about how much space people need and math, and I started thinking about--"
"My name, Crowley."  He deliberately didn't consider this, but it's possible. "Are my Brothers trying to unmake my name?"
"An angel would be very useful; manipulation of human memory is intrinsic to their beings, and they were created to serve humanity.  However, due to their absence--and the restrictions against them, which may even apply to active memory.…" He closes his eyes, resigned. "The fact I altered my memory--and apparently that of the children--without ill effect proves I retained that, which shouldn't surprise me as it's certainly useless enough to qualify...nevermind.  We can't make mistakes; it's instinct, and there's no danger of permanent damage to the brain because we know exactly how to do it.  What I don't have," he adds, opening his eyes to stare at Teresa, "is Grace, or even a compatible source of power….you
"Other than my own?" he asks, unable to stop looking around, following one laughing group as more visualize at the end of the street, new arrivals hailed with shouts and wolf-whistles, and he's not actually sure the amount of space in this street should be enough to hold all of them.  His reference points include two dinner parties in Ichabod and Insert Winter Celebration at Chitaqua, which give him very little to work in terms of experience.  "Is this typical of a human celebration?"
Castiel nods, conceding the point.  "Your method of ending the Apocalypse didn't follow accepted canonical prophecy.  It must have been a shock to the Host when you succeeded.  I wish I could have seen their expressions…."
"Tell me why--as your commander--I should let you, and by extension Chitaqua, go out and retrieve bodies for Ichabod.  Or anyone: once you start that kind of thing, it gets around."
"I spoke to Emet of it already; he told me the same."  Sempronia sighs.  "Also not to worry; her health is otherwise excellent. The Cornelii and Julii have a propensity to totter off to the Senate well into their tenth decade."
"You were going to kill her!" Micah says desperately.  "Steph," he breathes, "baby, she said she'd kill you if you didn't say yes.  I was trying to protect you!"
Curious, Dean squints at the unreadable label before opening it and verifying the contents as a generic hydrocodone.  Taking out two pills, he decides Cas is probably right when he returns with a glass of water.  When he's done, he hands Cas the glass and sits back to wait for them to kick in.
"Funny." Dean settles back on the hood again, looking at Castiel speculatively.  "Any thoughts you wanna share with the class?"
Dean's familiar enough now with Cas's habits to recognize that he probably hasn't indulged in anything particularly recreational other than a lot of orgasms.  The faint, languorous looseness still lingers beneath the surface tension, and all at once, Dean remembers what he saw earlier before he ruthlessly pushes it aside.
"Teresa's tradition isn't an easy one," Cas muses.  "It demands adherence to a very strict ethical standard with very little, if any, deviation.  I understand why when you first met Constanza that her tradition appealed to you; you hold yourself to the same standard, though you do not tolerate even imagined deviation.  Truly, it might be good for you to be exposed to those who permit--even encourage--mistakes when made in good faith.  It might let you learn to accept the possibility of forgiving yourself for your own, or at very least, those you imagine you might possibly make at some point or could have made in the past but didn't."
"According to the log, something like that."  There's a pause.  "Cas, it's a party after an almost five month hiatus on death by just existing," Vera says, sounding puzzled.  "People do this.  We get optimistic and get drunk to celebrate it.  It's a thing."
To his surprise, he finds himself looking forward to it, and not because of anything having to do with Alpha.  Unlike most of the camp even now, Vera's filters with him were eroded enough to be willing to say what others still won't, and he thinks he may finally have earned at least the benefit of the doubt from her.  More, he didn't have to be so careful with her; those weeks after the fever meant she probably knew him almost better than anyone but Cas.  Other than Cas and Joe, she's the closest to a friend he has here, and he misses her caustic commentary as much as the rare moments she forgot who he was and just enjoyed hanging out.
"After the day you had, not a surprise."  Dean bites his lip, thumb brushing against his cheek.  "Always an overachiever.  So, ready to go home?"
Fighting a smile at Lee's impression of long-suffering patience in the face of off the cuff conversation with his second, Dean leans back against the jeep.  "Let's hear it."
"Hey, Chuck," he says pleasantly, one foot up on the coffee table because elevation is good for soreness when it's real.  "Sit down.  Got a question."
Frowning, he raises a hand to rub his eyes, wondering what the hell they were doing today--and why they're doing it in fucking sub-zero temperatures--and the vivid-white of the bandage around his arm catches his attention.  Flexing his arm, he tries to focus, but the pain is distant, and not like a really good painkiller, either.
Dean is only vaguely conversant with how normal teenagers work, but these aren't normal teenagers.  Jeremy and the kids living in Ichabod (and for that matter, probably every kid in the infected zone) are probably a lot closer to him in shared adolescent experiences (trauma, dead parents, rampant and justified paranoia, hunting demons, monsters everywhere, check your salt lines after you brush your teeth before going to bed, that kind of thing).  He takes a minute to ponder how you just never know how useful a fucked-up childhood will be should you happen to end up in an alternate, Apocalyptic world and need to deal with teenagers.
.  Which," she adds, "he should have done even with his ancestry.  Nothing helps a man so much in politics as a well-educated wife of good family and wide connections.  Yet he was content to wait."
So Cas is singing tonight, and he's already got the beginnings of a plan on how to make that happen.
"Whoa."  Dean takes another drink, eyes wide.  "That's--never mind.  I didn't think about--uh.  I can use--"
"That's my girl," Amanda says fondly, signaling to Haruhi that she and Castiel will take care of the others and watching the well-ordered retreat in satisfaction, Haruhi covering their back.  Frowning, she helps him neutralize the remaining Croats, watching them die with an unsatisfied look.  "Much longer, Dean's gonna be asking us if we're getting soft.  Kind of surprised he hasn't yet."
"You're quoting her, aren't you?" Twisting his head around, he looks up at Cas incredulously.  "She actually talks like that?"
"Joe said something," she continues.  "I get the attraction of fucking with him and Amanda, don't get me wrong, so just saying, it worked.  You were really convincing."
"I woke up," Alison says, rolling her eyes at Dean's scowl.  "Obviously.  I knew the signs of something I needed to do, but this was--stronger.  And you," she says to Teresa, "were awake in the kitchen."
There's another sound, like something heavy dropping, and then someone--a couple of someones, he thinks vaguely--are crying.
Dean thinks about his next question.  "Look--why do you want to be there? I mean, what can you do if...?" The god's already dead (two years ago?) or can't get back or simply doesn't show up.
"Tired."  He tries to decide if he really wants to know, not that it actually matters; he doesn't, but he needs to.  "How tired?  Cas, what does that even mean?"
"You moved too quickly, that's all," he hears Cas say.  "The only bad way to descend is an uncontrolled fall; remembering your body position and full relaxation are the most important factors and you kept both.  Even if I hadn't been here, you wouldn't have even merited an aspirin for the stumble."
"Looks like some things breed true after all," she answers, a sudden smile lighting her face.  "She was amazing, wasn't she?"
"Thank you," he says quietly.  "We appreciate it and will return the favor at the first opportunity."
"Yes." Cas continues outlining the patrol routes, and Dean watches as Kansas City, Overland Park, Olathe, Topeka, and then Wichita get their own circles before adding the eastern border and  sitting back. "With the additional requirement that any demon discovered was ours, no questions asked."  He shrugs, indifferent to demon-torture in exchange for services rendered.  "The army units assigned to the major cities quickly discovered they were fighting more than human monsters, and their training was often not sufficient to deal with it.  That's part of the reason Dean's help was accepted."
"Dean's cabin," Dean tells him after a moment of savoring his (limited) freedom, mostly because honestly, he can't think of anywhere else to go.  "Where the hell is he?  The camp isn't that big.  I mean, come on."
"Nothing in particular," he answers, sitting back with a sigh when the chair squeals protest to his existence.  "I have two people in the room with him, both of whom are eager to leave.  He's quoting Maryland legal statutes at them; pointing out we're not in Maryland doesn't seem to be deterring him."
"I'll make you breakfast." He grins suddenly.  "Or go get it from the mess, no idea who's on mess duty.  Now that we have a mess."
"A woman who offers to protect them and can help them grow enough food so they don't starve to death." Saying it out loud didn't make it any less insane before, but he had to check one more time.  "And they wanted to burn her alive. For
"I suppose the irony appealed to me.  The Darby translation of the Bible isn't nearly as lyrical, and Aramaic lacks…."  Cas shrugs, bored.  "I was very high.  You can call it anything you wish."
"I don't care," he says honestly, quietly resenting sexuality once again for making life so much more complicated than it needed to be.  This would be so much easier if Dean were attracted to him and they could simply have sex.  No strange discussion, Dean would be in a far better mood on a regular basis, and he wouldn't be cultivating what is becoming a very questionable relationship with running water.
"She told me I had to go or she'd kill me.  I--"  He yelps at a flash of metal, stumbling backward and sprawling into a heavy drift, just missing the splintered remains of a tree.  Following his gaze, Castiel sees the thin throwing knife that landed between his feet.
"It wasn't always clear," he answers evasively, "but that could be that during your more vocal periods, I tried not to listen too closely.  It was unsettling."
It dawns on him there might have been another reason that Micah went willingly to the Crossroads.  "That's how she got him," he says softly.  "He didn't deal because there was a gun to his head.  He dealt so she'd put down the one she'd been holding on him since she met you.  He gets your place on her team, and you all to himself again, no questions asked ever again."
"I know you can't possibly be surprised by how the Host classified human lovers?" Dean makes a face.  "Sex would be a human invention that we added into proceedings, however.  Also, substitute 'enemy blood' for 'Grace' to be both proof of possession and warning to other angels or gods."
"That happens with new ideas," Dean says, looking at him searchingly.  "You know, if at first you don't succeed, try try again, or if you succeed, hope for the best and--yeah, never mind.  Look, did it bother you they did the light up greeting thing?  You didn't expect that."
"It is her nature," Cornelia answers.  "What blame can be attached to her when she is as she was born?  She pleased my son--" Her voice checks for a moment before the iron control returns.  "And so she pleases me.  She has nothing else of him but their child; should I take that from her, too?"
He takes a moment to wonder what Carol's world is like, where you call people killers before asking for favors and don't see the problem.  He should do something about that.  "No."
Dean licks his lips, looking marginally less certain.  "Then I need to find out who did this, or somebody else who can fix it."
"It was," Cornelia agrees. "And it was for you.  The first time he touched you in violence, his death was assured; if I'd known before--but that doesn't excuse me."
I really love art puns, so I couldn't help but stick a few of Egyptian puns into this picture. Here, for references' sake, are the puns:
They get to sixty-three when Sudha relaxes and pushes herself back up on the mattress with a groan, tipping her head back against Rabin's shoulder as he wipes her forehead, murmuring encouragement in her ear.
"You get there's literally nothing about using your boyfriend to get you shit that isn't wrong," Vera says bitterly as Cas eases their winnings over and climbs onto the couch beside him while Kara, one of Amanda's students, begins to deal a new hand with a renewed spirit of hope.  "Nothing," she repeats, picking up her cards mutinously.
"Then why did you recruit her to help you out?"  Joe makes a face.  "She figured it out.  Of course she did."
"Oh hell yes," he murmurs as they take in the large two-story room stretched before them, lit by a mixture of recently-repaired overheads as well as a variety of large lamps that, like the heat, run off one of Ichabod's emergency generators.  "Good choice."
Alicia stares at him, blue eyes blank, before there's a flash of horror, there and gone.  "She's...." She looks at the door, then at him. "I need to talk to her, where is she--"
"Chuck's a prophet," he points out.  "Why didn't he sense it, write a novel about it, whatever?  I mean, he still buys the Dean's missing thing."
He ignores that. Mostly.  "Winchester House is--for all intents and purposes--a grandson of Ether, but its parentage is--convoluted and reproduction among them ineffable and to be quite honest I don't want to discuss it, so we shall leave it at that.  The children of Ether don't have anything like a childhood; as they were at their creation, so shall they always be, that is their nature.  The grandchildren are little better, but Winchester House--isn't like them.  For one, Winchester House was neither sentient nor sapient at its creation; that came later, which is my point.  From what I can ascertain, it did something very new; it began to grow up.  However, as with all children, it needed someone to model appropriate behavior, and for reasons we should all be very grateful for, it liked none of the examples it was exposed to and--"
Dean thinks about protesting, but Cas is already out the door, footsteps vanishing into the distance, and finally, his mind catches up and helpfully reels off exactly what's going on right now.
"Just making sure she's okay," Dean answers easily, adding a note about what to do with Wendy (get her a goddamn blanket, something to drink, Dolores or Vera, and her family in any order) before pulling the sheet free and meeting her eyes, wondering how to help her do it.  Please God she takes this in the spirit he's doing it: keep it simple.  Pulling up a mental image of the street, he maps the fastest and then easiest course for her.
"Tell me about grief again," Cas demands, voice cracking.  "Tell me how he could die years ago and only now do I feel his absence?  I didn't know him, so tell me why--why now--of all times--why all I could think of is how badly I want my brother and wish for his return?" He sucks in a breath, looking at nothing.  "In the church….  She died two years ago, but I hadn't seen her in millennia.  I knew she was dead with the other gods, I've known for years, but why is it now--I want to remember what happened in the church, if I said goodbye to her, as I couldn't with him.  Time heals nothing, you said, but you didn't tell me it could be years before I even felt the wound. How is that fair?"
, Jesus.  Cas didn't notice, but no surprise there; he thinks powering Chitaqua's wards with Lucifer's Grace using two average sigils and weaponized linear time is something everyone does when they're bored. Invisibility is for when you're high.)
"Change is inherent in all things,'' she quotes without irony but with malice aforethought, relaxed for the first time tonight.  "You're living with us these days, Future Dispenser of Elf Justice.  What makes you so special that you get an exception?"
; it's already in progress." Alicia leans forward in her chair.  "She wouldn't have called you out there unless she was very sure it was working.  Terrible chess player, good at poker but not great, won't play craps to save her life, see what I mean?"
Alison abruptly grabs for the fence rail, and he barely catches her before her ankle gives out, lowering her gently to the ground.  The hazel eyes are unfocused, pupils reduced to dots.  "Alison?"
It occurs to him his frozen sheep outdoors may actually be a problem in getting attention; unless they say something (unlikely), people may assume they're just waiting for something from Volunteer Services.  He'd like to think people would maybe wonder why they resemble statues, but at this moment, his faith in humanity is pretty damn low.
"Last week, when Alicia made Brenda tell me about the problem with food storage," Cas says impatiently, like Dean's not keeping up.  "Joseph and I found the site a few days ago, and Nate returned from patrol yesterday afternoon and therefore was available for consultation."  Cas makes a face.  "Nate's still working on the supply list with Zack as of last night, so assuming Nate didn't make the mistake of drinking and then seducing Zack--who at this point should know better, admittedly--and therefore losing the morning to moody regret for what he enjoyed the night before, it should be ready for your review by tomorrow. If not, next week."  He eyes Dean uncertainly.  "There is one problem, however."
"Generally, contractors don't last very long there," Cas answers. "Nate's firm, however, was renewed due to unprecedented progress, and I do mean unprecedented, as
"So I'm guessing--call me crazy--that was just an excuse?"  Turning off the water when the sink's three-quarters full, he takes a deep breath before pulling the drain and crouches to note in satisfaction the lack of water puddling under the sink or spraying from the pipes. Hell yeah he can do plumbing, and Joe's gonna be crying all the way to the refrigerator to get him that case of Joe Beer he just won.
Dean's glare suggests rationality is not welcome here, which is as unsurprising as the inevitable horror of how this epic journey down the Nile will come to an end.  "You just got an answer for everything, don't you?"
"He's always perfectly pleasant with me," Cas says, crossing his arms and confirming exactly how wrong Vera is.
"I don't think so."  Frowning, she reaches down and tests it with a hiss.  "Maybe a baby sprain at worst; I got off it when I felt it turn, unlike some people who--"
Despite himself, he feels himself smiling; Dean is not subtle at the best of times, but even for him….  "I've had worse offers."
"According to Alicia, the first child was born at eight thirty-eight that morning and the last just after three. It was roughly an hour later when Alicia heard the alarm; that's consistent with the manifestation of the first child."
Mojo or no mojo, Cas does something very like teleportation; before Dean's even caught his breath, one hand is below his elbow, and Cas is saying, "What happened?"
"But that's nothing, right?  Not compared to how you and humanity got started."  Castiel freezes, unable to hide it from that penetrating stare.  "So that's it."
"Thank you," he adds uncertainly into the waiting silence.  "I don't remember anything after getting in the jeep yet."
"There was an incident at the mess with some very unpleasant members of your species."  He drops it on the edge of the table with a dull clang of jagged metal and wood, rubbing impatiently at the throb in his temples that threatens to colonize his entire head.  "You all look very much the same, and I had no interest in their names."
anyone; they didn't want to know more, didn't need to.  Now, they have to deal with their kids being dead and knowing for absolute fact what person had to do the shittiest fucking job in this goddamn world.  How is that better?" She looks startled, like somehow, it didn't occur to her.  "But hey, you got to score a few points off Alicia with dead kids: win, win, am I right?"
." The faint crack in her voice says more than any overt display of pain and so does how quickly she composes herself again.  "And I couldn't get to her.  That--that was the part I couldn't…see my girl, get her ready, get her kids so could we could say good-bye to her together, not have my last memories of her be watching her rot from the goddamn wall, unable to see a goddamn thing but what was done to her before she finally died." She looks up at him.  "Sometimes, the last time we see them alive is watching them die, or hearing exactly what happened and letting imagination do the dirty work on the rest. My job is to make sure their last memory isn't that.  I clean them up, fix what I can and hide what I can't, so when they see them one last time, they don't see how they died or why; all they see the person they loved at peace.  It helps, and when not much else does--well, you take what you can get."
"No," Cas says, still frowning at the screen and ignoring Dean's surprise.  "More than fifty requested consideration, but she felt fifty was the maximum number that she and Mark could handle at this time. Did you know the largest single attack on a town by a group of Croats was ten?"
"It was worth it."  Turning his attention back to Nate, he tries how to ease into the next part.  Fortunately, Mira does it for him.
He gives Joe a sour look and catches the faint, playful grin.  "Thanks."  Which reminds him.  "I left yours and Rachel's names at the mess when I was there yesterday equating 'bullet' with 'incident'; just tell 'em when you get something to eat and it'll be porkless, promise."
Glancing at her, he thinks he gets now how she got past Joe at that first meeting in Harlin.  Poker is a bluffer's game, and a couple of hands was all he needed to know she wasn't just good at it; it was instinct.  Maybe five eight, late thirties on the outside, and so thin she just barely escaping gaunt (which goes for almost everyone he's seen), dark brown hair frames a thin, pale face, hazel eyes watching the world (him) critically from behind wire-rimmed glasses that have seen better days.  Even limping, her movements are abrupt, and the impression of harried impatience and vaguely distracted disapproval--those
"So far, little," she answers casually.  Almost absently, her hand goes to her chest, rubbing lightly.  "I think--"
Shifting them back so he can lean against the cliff, Dean gathers him closer and tells him everything.
They're doing very well, however; the Croats are being isolated and exterminated with admirable efficiency, keeping them away from the temptation of reinforced doors behind which the residents not assigned to protect the town are concealed.  This would be going almost unsettlingly well if there weren't so many.
"Too much to focus on any single one, yes."  From how she looked through dinner, she spent the majority of her time either failing to entirely block everyone in the room--with obviously stressful results--and possibly hating him for causing what had to be some very unpleasant emotional currents with no idea why they were happening.  "Teresa helped you block it tonight as well."
"Good," Amanda says over her shoulder as Cas nods at him with a flickering glance, eyes unreadable and okay, not good.
Amanda tilts her head, and he knew it was a stupid question even before he said it.   "Not that I'd know, not being into cocks myself, but from what Sean said--"
?  "You were one of the terms in a double-blind contract written by Crowley, signatures other than Crowley unknown, holder unknown; bringing you here when Dean died was one of the terms so the Apocalypse would continue, complete in full with the death or caging of Lucifer while you're still alive and here.  The barrier was to protect you until you--until you were acclimatized and I'd taught you your duties here.  They're raising it again because apparently I haven't done a very good job." Cas gets a strange look on his face.  "Who on earth would think I would?"
"Some sacrifices," she interrupts, expression suddenly far older than her chronological age, "are really gifts--to those making them, I mean.  Bread on the water: sometimes, that's how it's returned, just knowing you made someone else's life easier.  Everyone who contributed will sleep well tonight knowing they've helped in the only way they can right now."
"Her loyalty to you is without flaw," Cas adds, looking thoughtful.  "How she interprets and expresses that loyalty is what is at fault.  It is possible her flaws can be corrected, should she choose to see them."
eyes, the body that he no longer simply wears but has to exist within as well--separating out what belongs to it--
Conversation apparently done, Alison limps back, dust rising with every pound of her cane on the concrete before dropping heavily into the armchair, knocking her bad ankle into the leg with a belated grimace.
At the front desk, Jeremy (still looking bored) tries to straighten in a semblance of attention. "Dean.  You need anything?"
to get a new word for shit like this, he thinks a little blearily, sitting up and realizing by the proliferation of walls that he's in a room and, hey, bed: context, back at Alison's, awesome.  Christ, though, his
"Do you want me to leave?" Where he's not sure; for some reason, he can't remember which rooms are occupied, either.  If asked, he's not sure he could accurately state how many floors there are.
He shakes his head, giving himself a moment to absorb the impossible (or rather, set it aside because that will very likely take time, perhaps years).  "Thank you," he says; it's inadequate (much like water is slightly damp), but it will have to do for now.
"Yeah, I'm liking yours better, now that I think about it," Dean agrees, mouth quirking. "Though seriously, try for a nice, bloodless movie night, no one dies or tortures anyone else.  Something less realistic, is what I’m saying. Pure fantasy."
"She neither eats nor sleeps," Cornelia says tonelessly.  "She refuses to dress or care for herself, and no matter how many watchers Sempronia places upon her, she escapes to wander the grounds looking for the Tiber so she can search for Gaius's body."
"Why on earth would anyone want to act like this, yes," Castiel agrees as Micah's gaze darts around the room almost frantically, reacting not at all to Chris's next question.  Turning his attention to Chris and Sheila, he examines their expressions; both are professional, but the same strain he saw in Kamal's smile is visible around Sheila's mouth and Chris's eyes as they watch Micah, restless in limited motion.  One hand comes up to his throat just as his eyes dart to another empty point of air, stroking the skin almost soothingly.  "He wasn't acting like this before?"
"For what it's worth," Crowley says soberly, "if there were another way, I would have taken it.  I do like you, Castiel.  Always have."
"The Georgia thing is looking better by the day," Dean says, slumping back in his seat.  "Between Jeffrey and Lucifer and everything else, I am really liking the idea of you being a little harder to track down, especially if someone's sending demons looking for you."
"Sentient creation thing," Castiel corrects him.  "Angels also lack imagination, and in case you weren't aware of this, aren't terribly flexible when it comes to--anything, really."
"No," Cas answers, shaking his head.  "It's straightforward enough to cover the three month trial period.  If it becomes permanent, Joe can review the terms then, but I doubt they'll be anything we disagree with."
Dean takes in the spread of Ichabod at night, the line of the wall disappearing into an endless, roiling darkness.  The darkness starts to spread across the horizon, parting for glimpses of a jagged red sky, and beneath him, the screams are just beginning; it's like music.
"I told them to start getting ready before I came home tonight," Cas answers over the rim of his cup, because it's the porch, it's after dinner, and that means coffee.  "I assumed that would be your answer.  We'll meet with them tomorrow to go over what they'll be doing, and they can leave the next morning.  If that's acceptable, of course."
"Got there just in time to see for myself exactly what Chuck was talking about when he said you weren't faster than a bullet," he answers wryly.  "Just fast enough not to be in front of the barrel when they're about to pull the trigger.  Or a Hellhound trying to rip out you heart and you getting some brand-new scars for your collection of all the ways you worked out how to only get
It feels like only seconds before they're climbing the porch steps, and Dean just manages to avoid a face full of beads, letting himself sprawl on the couch where Cas deposits him, feeling surprisingly warm and comfortably numb and like maybe with the help of Cas's really awesome alcohol, he can get through anything.  Even what he watched tonight.
He notes that James is trying very hard not to grin and nudging Nate with his knee hard enough to almost push the guy off balance.  "So you know a little more than drywalling and hole-digging and drafting?"
