“I suspected,” Sam confirms, and he shrugs again, like it’s nothing, and it looks like he means it. “You should call him. He looked really upset.”
Castiel chuckles and shakes his head. "I don't know, Dean. I ask myself that frequently. I'll stick with the nuns and sexy Jesus."
, and Dean keeps his eye on his beer and his feet as he makes his way back to the bed, trying not read anything into that voice that really isn’t there at all. Right?
"It's hard to hang it all up," Garth says, freely offering sympathy. "But... is that it, Dean? Is that why you're calling me? And not Sam?" Garth pauses, and adds, "Or Cas?"
"Cas is Dean's girlfriend," Sam says heavily, and Dean shrinks into himself, gripping the counter hard.
"Michael and Lucifer are lawyers, actually," he says, sliding his hand slowly up Dean's back, "at rival firms, of course. It's something of a joke at family reunions. Gabriel runs a TV production company."
"Now," Castiel hisses, canting his hips up, and Dean has to compensate for how he nearly groans from the whole display.
Cas had fewer layers to work with, so Dean's shirts are already in a pile at his feet. With his shirt gone, Dean's skin is clammy, and he shivers again, reflexively, his fingers working his way slowly down Cas's shirt. Cas reaches two fingers up to Dean's forehead, and suddenly the clamminess and that droplet that had been starting to slide down Dean's neck are gone.
Cas's cock twitches underneath his palm, and his hips jerk when Dean brushes his thumb over the head, and Dean tries to do the things that he likes, but like, the mirror version of them, until Cas is gasping and clutching at Dean's shoulder, so he must be doing something right, at least. He thinks, as he watches Cas open his eyes, unfocused and dizzyingly blue as they stare at nothing, at everything, at molecules maybe over Dean's shoulder, that he's okay with learning how to get better at this.
seem more freaked out about the whole thing than I am, and I don't think it's just because he's a guy. If you just wanted to sleep with him, you'd already be joking to me about how your odds of getting laid just increased by fifty percent or something."
Castiel’s hand finds Dean’s arm, and his eyes are a question as he steps closer, but before Dean has a chance  to say sure, he’s here as Castiel’s boyfriend anyway, he hears the worst possible thing.
"The paper would be finished if I could do that. Hey, am I bothering you?" he asks with a frown; reaching out, he turns down the brightness on the screen.
"Shut up," he says impatiently, fondly, and then he kisses Cas again at the same time that he takes his cock in his hand, and he relishes in the way Cas's sound of surprise is muffled against Dean's lips.
His face is hard at first, but Dean wonders if he can see through him, can see what he's here to do, because Dean's not really sure he's doing a good job of hiding it anymore. His heart's beating in his ears, his breath stuck in his chest, as Cas's eyes flick over him, that happiness of a second ago bleeding out of him.
from it. It occurs to him that he's rarely talked this out with anyone; he didn't need to with Sam or Bobby, and with girlfriends he'd mostly brushed it off.
take his advice about hiring some kid. Sometime after that, Claire had turned up, all leather jackets and braided hair, and she'd had Dean's number from the jump. "So soon? Forget something last time?"
"I don't know." He rubs a hand over the back of his neck, eyes fixed somewhere not on Sam's face. "At first, it was... Dad," he forces himself to say, and he sees Sam shift his weight on his feet. "But then it just... didn't seem to matter anymore anyway."
He steps out into the living room to find Cas sitting at the couch, watching TV, and two coffee mugs on the table in front of him. He's only wearing his shirt and pants, no jacket, no tie, no coat, and Dean wonders if he'll ever get used to seeing Cas dressed down.
His smile is accusatory, but fond; they’ve gotten on each other about this before, about how… inevitable this feels. Dean snorts and looks down at Anna, chewing on one of his shoelaces.
His costume, really, is all about his entrance. That's why Dean's sitting on the (clean, he checked) counter in the second floor men's room, one foot swinging idly. Halloween isn't really a favorite thing of his, beyond the free candy and the chance to dress up once a year. That, and teepeeing the houses of class-A douchebags. Dean figures he can't really get away with that anymore, but he bought extra toilet paper, anyway, just in case his upstairs neighbors ding-dong ditch him again tonight.
Cas is an angel, and closer to the sink anyway, so he gets there first and starts spraying Dean until he's soaked through his shirt. Dean grabs up the dish towel and holds it up like a cape at a bullfight, using it to block water as he approaches Cas, who's backing up as far as the hose will let him, until Dean's close enough to grab his wrist and twist. Again: Cas is an angel. So when he keeps the hose on Dean for another few seconds and then lets Dean wrest it from him, Dean wonders if he's going to spend eternity throwing his punches.
Castiel pulls away again, gasping, and he arches underneath Dean, pressing their hips together. “Dean.
Dean's a grown ass man now who's saved the world a couple of times, who took a beating from God, who left God in a field to die slowly and alone, in fact. Dean isn't the teenager who desperately needed his dad's approval; he isn't the kid who took in every word his dad said, every thought, every opinion, about everyone and everything, including things about the kind of guy that sleeps with other guys. But Dean is who he is both because of and in spite of his dad, and he's been wrestling with those two parts of him since -- really -- since he begged Cas
, and Dean's just never let himself open this door -- to Cas, to men in general, and on a grander scheme, to anyone really, not even Lisa, though he'd tried and almost succeeded there.
"I could continue to research while you rest," Cas starts, reaching for the laptop, but Dean leans over and snaps it shut first.
He shuts his laptop and heads for Castiel's office. Intense thoughts about his sexuality demand sandwiches.
He sounds so young that something chokes in Dean's chest as he remembers Sam's first date, his first girlfriend, his first ski trip weekend. "Yeah, I guess," he grunts out, trying to sound gruff. "This better not be a cover for some lame excuse like 'oh I have to write a paper,'" he adds, using his mock-whiny Sam voice.
He takes a shaky breath and closes his eyes, remembers this is Cas we're talking about, remembers the kitchen and the hose in his hand, remembers a mixtape, remembers an appointment, years and years ago, that Cas dutifully kept. He opens his eyes and nods.
It isn't until just now that Castiel finally lets himself believe in this. He needed to know if this would be allowed off this porch, out of this moment in time, and Sam gave him that reassurance. Now, it's Dean giving him another kind, a hesitant, but increasingly hungry kind of reassurance, as their gentle embrace becomes more confident, starts to reach back in the years and look to the future at the same time.
Dean hadn't been expecting that, but then he didn't really know what to expect out of any of this; Bobby's acceptance,
There's another silence that seems to stretch out far too long before Castiel noisily switches the oven off, moves the skillet off the heat, and drops utensils in the sink.
Sam cracks a smile and nods, bringing his drink to his lips, and then he clears his throat and looks between the two of them, though his focus is mostly on Dean, in the end.
He'd been afraid this would be all tenderness or something sappy like that, but there's a fierceness to the way their bodies meet, to the occasional scrape of Castiel's nails on his back, to the rough coming together of their mouths too loosely formed to be a genuine kiss. Underneath all that, though, is the soft brush of Dean's parted lips on Castiel's shoulder when he drops his head there to breathe, and the gentle curl of Castiel's fingers in his hair, on the back of his neck. It's not hearts and flowers and sobbing emotionally in each other's arms, but it's not
Castiel’s head swivels and Dean feels that gaze burning into the side of his face, and it’s Dean’s turn to look innocently baffled.  There’s a twitch of amusement at the edges of Castiel’s mouth when he turns his head away, though, and Dean relaxes—somewhat—against the headboard. For a few moments, they’re actually sitting and watching gay porn together.
He can feel Sam watching all of this carefully, can see Dean shooting Sam a look as he moves closer, ducks his head, hides his eyes from Castiel. Shame is written all over him. Self-loathing, regret, resentment. Oh, Dean. He never changes.
Sam found the bones. The fact that his brother would be coming to look for him sobers Dean up, and he looks at Castiel, breathing heavily. He notes with some degree of detached interest that Castiel is too, his lungs sounding raspy from disuse. They don’t move to each other again; for Dean it’s because he’s waiting for the sound of his brother’s shoes to come crunching over the gravel. If it’s the same for Castiel, he doesn’t know, but he can be thankful for small miracles anyway.
." She slides back next to him and loops an arm around his shoulders, awkward because of their height difference, but she pulls him close against her side regardless. "What flavor of 'I don't know'?"
It was one thing to reconcile everything with Charlie; it's another to figure out just what exactly he's going to do about it. He can say that he -- yeah -- he wants to fit Cas back into his life, maybe wants a little more than that, but really underneath it all, all he wants is Cas back in the bunker. He wants to walk into the kitchen and find Cas fiddling with the coffee pot. He wants to stumble out of his room in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and find Cas reading and spend an extra twenty minutes having a midnight snack with him. He wants to figure out what to do with this slice of eternity with Cas.
"Hey." Dean breaks his own rule and cups Cas's face, a dangerous move that causes something to flutter in his chest, but he tells himself this is all part of the hookup game, right? "It's okay." It's easier to tell Cas that when it's so clear that he needs to hear it, and Dean finds a smile. "What do you want?"
"Yes, he has." Cas is unapologetic, and Dean doesn't know how to read that, knows he deserves every bit of it, wonders if he should just leave now, should just turn around because whatever this could've been--it can't be anymore. At least, not if he doesn't try.
"Whatever it is that's going on between you and Cas, you need to fix it," he says heavily, his gaze heavier. "After everything we've been through, you're... I don't know
He hears the question already, somewhere in the gravel of Castiel's voice, behind the lust and the breathlessness, and he makes his decision before he even lifts his head.
Things are looking up until Castiel walks in, Starbucks in his hand again, and Dean acts like he isn't paying any attention at all as Castiel's eyes sweep over the available seats, but yeah, he's sort of watching. So when Castiel's eyes land on him, Dean feels it and looks up, and there's semi-awkward eye contact (though only awkward on Dean's end, he's pretty sure), and then Castiel's joining him.
"I have essays to grade as well." There's a firmness in Castiel's voice, but Dean can't be sure why it's there, and who Castiel's trying to convince.
Behind him, the copier whirs to a halt, and Castiel glances at his watch. The suggestion drops from his face, replaced with something else, something warm and affectionate, and Dean swallows thickly.
He could probably get more philosophical, could say something about life and happiness and finding it where you can and when you can, but no one’s about to die, so there’s no need to pull out a fancy speech. Anyway, this is Castiel, and as the serious contemplation fades from Castiel’s face into something almost pleased, he’s pretty sure he doesn’t need to explain himself anymore anyway. Castiel gets him.
"Stay," Cas says, barely audible over everything else rolling around in Dean's mind, and something in his chest seizes.
Cas comes and Dean swallows it down because he likes the feel of his cock pulsing in his mouth, likes slowly bringing him back down to earth with his mouth still over him, until he pulls off and looks up to find Cas blissed out, smiling faintly.
He promptly loses his phone for the rest of the night because caring about a text back? Also some girly crap that he doesn't have time for. He falls asleep with a beer in his hand, wakes up cold and smelling like stale hops, and he swears the whole time he starts yanking his sheets off the bed. His phone falls out; it died at some point in the night, and he plugs it in. By the time he's done dumping everything in the washing machine, his hands are slightly sweaty as he checks his phone.
, this is the first time Cas has really started talking about things he's maybe specifically into, though he didn't say that either, did he?
"Yeah, sure. Tell me that again in the morning when you give me the stink eye for getting out of bed."
before; he's always taken the lead, though he knows that's because the handful of guys he's been with knew that he needed that, were happy to give it to him. He'd thought Cas was the same, but now that Cas is in front of him, something sparking in his eyes and the faint feeling of electricity in the air, like lightning has just struck, Dean's reminded of just who and what Cas is. It's an odd contrast; he doesn't think of Cas as inhuman, but now, with Dean in his arms, it's hard not to remember how he was in the barn, his wings stretched out behind him, even though Cas seems small, hunched, somehow less than that right now.
" Castiel rolls his eyes, sighs again, and appears to be concentrating; he licks his lips and Dean's eyes follow the movement, and he almost forgets his game entirely, eager to chase that tongue back into its mouth. "
"Imagine I'm hugging you." He can't help a smile when he says it, and he feels Cas look up at him curiously, but Dean keeps his eyes ahead.
Cas is still for a long moment, and when he looks up at Dean, Dean can see the tiredness around his eyes, the lines that seem deeper, the bags that seem darker. He fixes Dean with a stare that makes him feel thoroughly transparent, like Cas can still see every single one of his thoughts.
"Hello," he says, and then he turns to Corey, who is still hovering at his side giving Dean the stink eye. Dean fidgets under the gaze because while he knows he deserves it, he hates that this guy feels like he has the right to give it to Dean. "Good night, Corey."
"Why didn't you ever say anything?" he says, voice gentle, and Dean feels himself cracking under the obvious simplicity of that question, of the answer that Sam should know.
"Oh, come on," Dean says, rolling his eyes, and he slides his hand in Castiel's hair, pulling him up for a kiss, the pen still trapped between their lips. Castiel doesn't argue very much, though he does laugh, muffled against Dean's mouth and the pen. He draws away and it falls between them, but Castiel's face is still very much a No Face.
Dean watches Castiel and wrestles with himself, but the struggle's brief; he'd already decided this back on Castiel's couch with the smell of tostones heavy in the air.
He doesn’t usually do cuddling, but he and Castiel hold each other for a while—long enough for both of them to catch their breath, definitely, and for the sweat to start to cool on Dean’s back, sending goosebumps up and down his arms. Castiel runs his fingers over them, as if perplexed by them, and hell, he probably is.
Sam’s voice sounds thin on the air compared to the weight of Castiel’s, and Dean swallows thickly before he calls his brother over. Castiel lingers, and Dean can see the uncertainty in his eyes, and Sam’s feet crunch to a stop.
Moment broken, Cas points, and Dean slides out of bed. As he's washing his hands, he catches sight of himself in the mirror, and he pauses, looking at himself, at who he is right now, in this moment. Cas may have started this, but Dean's fucking pushed it all the way down the hill now, and all that's left to do is crash. Swallowing thickly, he snatches up a hand towel and mops himself up on the way back in and tosses the towel to Cas, who catches it and slowly copies Dean.
When they go inside, there are no motives other than to sit down, and to put a door between them and Sam, whenever he gets back. He may have given his approval, but Castiel recognizes that Dean isn't ready to flaunt any of this. There are pauses in which one or the other of them seems to want to say something, to address anything that's gone unspoken, but neither one can seem to think of anything worth saying, and so it becomes exploration: tentative, hesitant, joyous, and also chaste, innocent. There's time yet for more than that.
Cas's hair is damp and droplets are sliding down his forehead; his shirt is wet, and Dean can see the dark of his skin starting to shine through the material. His eyes are a deep blue, and Dean thinks about the night sky outside of the Roadhouse, the quiet moment he'd shared with Cas then.
Cas considers that for a second. "I suppose that's true," he says, and Sam frowns. "But I still feel responsible for Rowena."
"Cas." He drinks in this sight of Cas whole and happy, and watches, almost waiting for the mirage to float away again as Cas crosses to the seat Bobby had been in hours ago, seconds ago.
“Dean, I think you are more than capable. You’ve already proven that when you earned your Master’s degree last year. You can do this.”
Castiel meets Dean’s eyes in the rearview mirror, so Dean’s pretty sure he doesn’t miss the you’re-so-going-to-get-it glare. Castiel doesn’t seem to care, though.
This cabin, Dean found out, is where Cas liked to spend his "off the clock" time before Dean showed up, and because Dean is still finding ways to dodge bringing Cas around to his parents' house, he convinced Cas to bring him up here. The meaninglessness of time means Dean's relatively certain that they won't be missed, that he can slip away with Cas and find this private, quiet space where Cas can putter around talking to his bees and Dean can sit at the end of a familiar pier, fishing pole in his hands.
This isn't a conversation he wants to have in Castiel's bed, at least not while they're staring at each other, so he rolls in and lays his head against Castiel's shoulder.
"Your brother has a penchant for nicknames," Castiel says, not turning around, not realizing that the jig is up. Dean scrambles to think of something to say, but there's nothing -- nothing that wouldn't dig himself deeper into a hole of his own cowardice and inability to face the truth to Sam, to Castiel, to himself -- to anyone, really.
"Hey. Happy Thanksgiving." He grins, pleased with himself. Bitch. "You don't have to get dressed up or anything."
"You'd think we were in sign language class or some sh -- something." He swallows some wine and attempts to wrestle his tongue under control. "They never talk, and they actually said in the mid-semester evaluation thing I did that they want more worksheets." He makes a face as Castiel's smile grows incrementally. "
When he comes out of the shower, he's attempted to arrange his hair, and he's wearing the jeans that are maybe a little too tight for him, and the shirt Dean likes, soft and dark blue with a nearly invisible pattern of black lines running along it. Maybe this is Cas's way of acknowledging it after all, and maybe it's one Dean can appreciate.
Castiel nods and swings his legs out of bed, getting to his feet. "How many pages do you have left?" he asks as he crosses to Dean's kitchen and pulls his coffeemaker closer.
“I would’ve been fine.” Probably he would have, but the definition of “fine” varies by degrees, and he knows they both know it. Their eyes meet and there it is again; he can practically feel something electric in the air, can almost hear the sizzle-pop of live wires waiting to snap. Something else stirs in him, another groove preparing to slide into place.
It doesn’t take long for Dean and Bobby to finish; there are only three people they’re giving presents to, each, not counting what they’re giving each other. Bobby finishes first and pushes himself to his feet; he likes to put all his presents under the tree at once, and he arranges them there before he stands and finishes off his beer.
either. That hand on his neck tugs, brings him up to a solid kiss, and Dean happily stops trying to analyze everything.
"Idjits," he mutters, coming into the kitchen now and waving Dean away from the oven. "Move. Looks like we're having breakfast here."
Sam pops a string bean in his mouth, and Dean gives him a disgusted look. One, that vegetable hasn't even been cooked yet, so that's gross. Two, he wishes he could take Sam's advice and move on. Dean turns his back on him and starts cooking, and Sam must spend the next few minutes interpreting the silence because he stands beside him and sets the salad bowl down.
He doesn't realize Cas is watching him until Cas gives a shuddery kind of breath, and Dean looks up at him. He shivers slightly then, the kitchen suddenly cold again against his back, and Cas frowns.
Cas turns and they loop their arms around each other, the smell of Thanksgiving all around them, the leftover scent of turkey and spices and pumpkin pie. Dean's stomach is full, and his head is vaguely fuzzy from the beer, but he's fully conscious of what it is that he's doing now, pulling Cas close to him, leaning in to meet Cas for a kiss, slow and warm and exploratory. They pause, long enough to look at each other, to look at what it is that they're gearing up for, and then their mouths come together again and Dean doesn't hold back, not anymore, the heat that they've slowly been rekindling.
He pushes against Castiel’s shoulders to get him off him, and there it is—the fear, the uncertainty, the look of fucking
"Um. Will you marry me?" It's so uncommon for Dean to see Cas so insecure, so uncertain of himself. He's scared, and it makes him look smaller, shrinking against their headboard, when he's used to Cas looming large, much larger than his size, much larger than Dean ever could.
"Castiel," Dean clears his throat because he only awkwardly remembered the –tiel, "is helping me work on this paper I wrote. I want to submit it to this monsters conference. It's no big though; I can email it to you. That'd probably be better, anyway."
"Dean -- this is difficult for you. I respect that. It's also difficult for me when you deny that I'm even here."
Dean pulls away with a jerk, stumbling backward and nearly dropping his food. He recovers, just barely, and when he looks up, he sees Cas, rumpled and maybe mildly guilty, but only mildly, and Sam
But the pain doesn't last long. Dean observes it almost neutrally, aware that that's how he died, but he can accept it, somehow. The memory flickers in and out of focus as he drives, a sense of peace that's so unnatural curling through him that it almost makes him pull over and try to take a few deep breaths. Is it possible to be this at peace? To be this... off guard? He's spent his whole life running, looking over his shoulder for monsters, for demons, for the things that go bump in the night trying to take Sam away from him, for his father -- and now he realizes he never even locked Baby's doors when he got into the car.
Helpful. He tries not to sound too irritated, but he's already forcing himself to remain seated, not to believe until he confirms.
Dean doesn’t involve himself too much in Sam and Castiel’s discussion of what’s going on, except to make sure that he keeps up with the two of them, understanding what’s going on and why. He goes where they tell him to go, shoots when he should, and for fucking once, they manage to stop something before it all goes to shit in front of them. It’s not all roses; there are two dead bodies and Sam needs stitches, but not too many, and otherwise the three of them make it back to their hotel room in one piece.
He blinks, coming back into himself, and he glances sideways at Charlie and back at the foot of the bed.
, about to burst into song and start doing Charlie's hair. He hates it; he hates that this is so mundane, so easy, so almost gossip-y because this is
Cas notices that Dean's not moving, and he smiles, unsure, and Dean pulls him in again. They keep fumbling their way out of their clothes until, finally, they wind up in bed, with Dean half on top of Cas, their legs tangled together, Dean's cock against Cas's hip and Cas's against his, and still they're taking their time, kissing almost lazily now, hands moving over skin, until Cas nudges Dean onto his side. He sets their foreheads together, their breath mingling, and Dean runs the backs of his fingers down Cas's side until Cas shivers.
Cas stares at Dean, his eyes a deep, sad blue, and then he glances away. "I learned some things, I suppose. I learned how to appreciate certain things that most angels consider 'human things.' And that... Some aspects of those things are only enhanced, now that I can perceive everything as I did before."
The bell rings as Dean steps inside, bright and welcoming, and his eyes sweep the aisles quickly for any signs of Cas. Somewhere back there after his fourth or fifth visit, he'd stopped with the pretense of his full name. Cas knows what size plug Dean is currently taking up his ass and that he's curious about prostate stuff, so the "tiel" just feels too formal at this point.
Sam grunts his agreement, and Dean redoubles his focus, being careful not to mess this up. How Castiel reacts to that, Dean doesn’t know, but he resolutely ignores that he hasn’t moved, standing near enough that he can feel the edges of his coat against his back.  He can’t think about that, or his hands might falter. Once he’s done, he stills, considering his work, his lips pressed into a tight line. Nodding, he finishes up, removing the excess string, and he re-sanitizes the wound, listening to Sammy hiss in pain with some regret.
"If I'd said something sooner, I would've told you to wear panties," is the next thing Cas says that breaks Dean's brain, and then his hand is on Dean's cock, and Dean's faced with the fact that this is the hottest thing he's done with a real, live person in a long, long time, even as he gets his foot caught up in one of the pedals.
His cock is salty and solid, and Dean fits his mouth over it, a hand coming up to grip the base. Castiel makes a noise of relief and there's a hand in his hair then, fingers slipping through the short strands, but it seems to get frustrated and settles on his shoulder instead. Dean finds a rhythm, jerky and slow, his grip uncertain, before he pulls off and decides if he wants to do this, he'll have to get a little acquainted with Castiel's cock first. He traces the length with his tongue, mouths over the head, runs his fingers up the underside, and he learns the shape and weight of Castiel's cock as Castiel's fingers dig into his shoulder.
Dean crawls up and takes his time, now that he has it; he kisses Castiel's hipbone, then his ribs, then follows the line of his sternum up until he settles beside Castiel, his mouth resting against his shoulder. It's a while before either of them speaks, content to catch their breath and hold each other, even though Dean's starting to get a little cold. That's just everywhere he isn't touching Castiel; the parts of him that are slotted against him are hot, overheated, and Dean leans into him, chasing the warmth.
, you've been sulking around the bunker, while Cas is out there, all because--what? Because of what Dad would say?"
Dean closes his eyes. He remembers the speech almost word for word, but he's not really about to recite it all. "Um. He said... He said that I changed him, that I taught him how to care about the world. That he... He loved me." The words don't come easy, but they come, and Dean doesn't look at Charlie, though he can feel her sit up straighter.
"Of course not, Dean. I -- " He breaks off, looking away, looking for the words, and once he finds them, he sees Dean has half-turned, and is giving Castiel a pleading look that he realizes mirrors Castiel's own. "I missed you, Dean."
"I should-- I gotta get back." He stands, feigning ease as he starts reassembling his clothes. "Sam... He doesn't know where I am." Dean says it without realizing the implication, that he still hasn't told Sam a thing, and he shoots Cas a small look, then plunges ahead when he realizes he doesn't want to see his face. "And I don't know where he is, so. Gotta get back to the motel before we miss each other."
"What I did was wrong," he starts, eyes on the floor, but he turns them up at Cas to judge his reaction. "I was... freaked out, and I was..."
, and he shakes his head. “Okay, definitely the sex. But just… You sitting in the back of the Impala, or breathing down my neck when I stitch Sammy up, or trying to figure out the philosophy behind the
Anyway, all that to say: Dean's very grateful for Benny because there's a good number of their colleagues who are still trying to climb the same mountain they climb every year, and Dean's just not interested in it.
Once the cake's in the oven, Dean steps out to see what all Sam's been up to, and that's when he spots the table with four plates, four glasses, four sets of silverware. Sam is adjusting some stupidly cheerful banner, and so misses Dean staring at that fourth spot for a beat too long.
“That doesn’t make it better, Dean. That’s actually worse.” Castiel rolls onto his back and stares up at the ceiling, looking way too grim and worried for what should be some pillow talk. Maybe this is just what pillow talk is like between hunters.
"Dead horse, man." Dean snatches up his beer and picks up his bag of ice, mostly melted now. "See you two kids in the morning."
"I think you were the one to bring that up, Cas," Dean says, the nickname slipping out without him even realizing it, "but I'll take the credit."
inappropriate about shacking up with a guy who's never going to be his professor, not ever, but who just happens to work in the same department with his actual professors?
Smiling, Castiel touches Dean's cheek and brushes his thumb over his jaw. "How'd you go from fixing cars to Spanish literature?"
They're puttering around each other in the bathroom, taking turns brushing teeth, using the bathroom, most senses of personal boundaries utterly gone at this point. Dean spits into the sink as he listens to Cas murmur to Anna, fill up her different food enrichment toys that keep her occupied enough to let them sleep in.
After Sam and Eileen leave, Dean finds Cas in the kitchen, looking around at the carnage, all the dishes and spilled sauce, and Dean could laugh at the dismayed expression on his face. Another thing he's learned about Cas: he hates doing dishes.
"Sure. Anyway, I think I like him. I mean, I liked him when he was your girlfriend, but I think I like him even more now. He makes a good breakfast."
There was a point, somewhere in his first semester when he realized just how deep of a pool he'd swum into blindly and how much he'll have to tread water just to stay afloat, that he didn't think grad school could get much bleaker. He was okay with that though because from rock bottom, there's only one way up, and he thinks he's done a good job of working up from that first semester.
Cas is quiet, and Dean appreciates that; he needs to rally a bit before he turns his head to find what he expected--Cas, with soft eyes and a pained expression--but it's still nice to see it anyway.
“Dean?” Castiel is worried, and Dean’s a little guilty as he settles back in bed. He only hesitates a moment before he lays the cloth over Castiel’s stomach, cleaning away the evidence of sex. There’s more intimacy in the moment than Dean had anticipated, but he doesn’t regret it, surprisingly. When he looks up at Castiel, there’s a soft smile at the very corners of his mouth.
There's something deceptively safe about this world because Sam so rarely visits it; Sam's never spent more than a few days at a time at Dean's apartment here, and they spend their summers at Bobby's. The idea of having a world that's uniquely
. Yeah, Castiel's definitely the winner of Most Awkward Person in the Room, and Dean's just bouncing along, having to suffer through it all, through no fault of his own. He's still definitely the cool one here.
Dean's face flushes, and he scowls down at the floor as his mind scrambles for a good comeback to that, a good smack down to prove him wrong, but he can't find one, suddenly. Because Sam's
“She’s in pain,” he murmurs, and Sam doesn’t hear it; he’s reading the information on the fence. Dean glances at him.
Dean swallows hard and tries to move past the vision of Cas not as he is now, alive and almost incandescent with it, but as he was then, open and honest and about to die. Involuntarily, almost as if his body is tired of waiting for his mind to tell it what to do, he finds himself pulling Cas into a hug. He wishes he could feel it, but he's numb as Cas leans into him, as his arms reach around his back, as he holds Dean tighter, maybe, than he ever had before. Or maybe Dean's imagining it.
date, and then he gets too close to some questions he's been asking of himself for a while now. He'd much rather leave aside words like 'bisexual' and just stick with 'equal opportunity appreciator of sex.'
“Hey, Cas and me have to hit the bathroom,” Dean says. He’s pushing Castiel away before Sam looks up, and he waves him on. “Go ahead, tear ‘em a new one. Keep your phone handy. We’ll meet up again soon.”
. His eyes trace the familiar lines of Dean's face, the familiar restraint in his eyes, the familiar tension in his frame.
The gravel crunches under Dean's feet as he catches up to Cas, who's already headed to his apartment, the sound of his keys jangling much louder than it should in the stillness.
He knows that Dean's still uncertain, can feel it in the way that Dean doesn't say a word, but drops his head to Castiel's shoulder and hugs him, tightly, and Castiel can feel in this embrace a release of all their previous hugs, laced with restraint. He turns his head to breathe in Dean's scent, and against his neck he feels Dean realize what he's doing. They pull apart, but Dean's hands don't leave him, sliding up to his arms, up to his shoulders again, his fingers rubbing.
Dean makes breakfast, as usual. Egg whites for Sam, pancakes with butter and maple syrup for everyone else, a big bowl of fruit in the middle of the table because Cas likes fruit with his breakfast too. They talk, they flip through the paper, scroll through the news, just in case. They make a second pot of coffee. Cas practices his sign language with Eileen; he used to be fluent, used to know every language in the world, but things are fading now, and he doesn't want to get rusty, but he's still further along than Sam, who sits to the side and tries to keep up.
It's the wrong thing to say, but Dean rolls his eyes. "Oh, has he?" he asks, bitter, and he rubs his eyes.
Dean gets Cas's shirt out from where it was nerdily tucked into his jeans, and Cas thumbs over buttons on Dean's shirt until he can reach in and drag nails over his chest, enough to have Dean inhaling sharply.
Dean’s first impulse is to tell Chris no, of course he’s not, because he doesn’t look anything like any of the gay men Dean’s seen on TV or up close, but there’s that conviction in Chris’s eyes, and Dean’s suddenly extremely aware of how close they’re sitting, of how close they’ve been sitting for ages now, and of that nameless thing that he’s been assuming was just friendship.
," he answers readily because ever since Sam pointed out how busy Dean's been, he's been on top of texting Sam and answering his calls. Unfortunately, that makes this the third time this week that he's left the room to talk on the phone, and he feels Castiel's frustration bouncing off his back as he drifts to the dining room while trying to act casually.
"You gonna wait for it to wash itself?" Bobby blurts finally, and Dean starts, blinking away a wetness from his eyes, and this time, when he smiles at Bobby, it's genuine.
"Aw, Cas," Dean says, still grinning, as he picks his beer up from the counter and leans back against it, taking a sip. "No hard feelings?"
Dean goes to Castiel's house for dinner that night, and then the next night, and then on Wednesday he really has to do some work, only he winds up with Castiel on his couch and a stack of grading in his lap while the TV hums quietly in the background of shuffling papers. He asks Castiel questions about
Dean laughs, a soft sound, and shakes his head before he pulls the present and the Sharpie over, and he adds the accent mark for all the Jesús’s.
"Thank you, Dean," Castiel says, and he knows he doesn't just mean the car. "I'll repay you for the labor you put in soon."
"I always wanted to join the anime club," Dean blurts, which is not the actual heart of what he's feeling, but it's pretty close.
Cas licks his lips, quickly, then nods. He lifts his hips and Dean tugs, and his eyes flicker over Cas, and by the time he tears his eyes away, Cas is watching him darkly. His hands reach out for Dean's fly now, and Dean's stomach does a flip; he brushes Cas's hands away again, waving him off.
Cas has the address and talks Dean through the directions. The streetlights are coming on as he takes them through town, driving further out until the buildings start to be more and more spaced out, until it's a little easier to see the stars, the moon in the sky, big and bright and bold.
to say only flickers briefly before he puts it aside automatically. This part of him has never been about that.
For not being much of an expressive talker, Cas is definitely a groaner with a lack of inhibition that Dean figures must come with the territory of living for centuries as an angel. His face is buried in Dean's neck when his orgasm hits, and Dean feels his hand grip his shoulder all the way through to his core.
Dismissed, he looks between the two of them again before giving Cas a squeeze on his arm and heading for his car, but not before letting Dean know again just exactly what he thinks of him.
"Why are you here, Dean?" It's a test more than it is a question, and Cas's eyes squint, evaluating Dean as he fumbles for a response, struggles to put anything into words because even though they've been at this twice now, it's not like he can
Dean pops a fry into his mouth and watches Cas flex his hands in front of him for a moment before he picks up his burger and takes a small bite. He chews slowly, then swallows, and Dean's eyes track the movement. It isn't like he's waiting for the answer, frozen, his hands still on the table, another fry between his fingers, until Cas speaks. It isn't like that at all.
Cas tilts his head, and even before he says it, Dean can feel the assumptions starting. "Why didn't you?" Was Dean too cool? Was nerdy shit too beneath him?
"Great. So tell me your address and I'll come look at it." Castiel frowns at him, and Dean laughs. "I was a mechanic. Worked in my dad's friend's garage all through high school."
The light of day and the domesticity of making breakfast cast everything in a different light, though. This isn't about sex; this isn't about resolving some unfinished conversation, rudely interrupted by Cas dying again, for the last time. This is about what comes next, and that road stretches out so long and so far that Dean can't see the end of it.
It's been twenty years since Dean played out this scene last: smiling hesitantly at each other, soft at first, but when Dean half-clears his throat and gestures, and Cas half-nods and steps closer, something giddy takes over because it's silly, right? They're grown-ass men who talk about their sex lives (well, Dean's) on a regular basis, but they're breathless as they step into each other's space and settle hands on hips.
"Didn't matter? Dean." Sam shakes his head, but then there's a silence that Dean's grateful for, at least until he hears Sam's sharp inhale. "Is
Dean’s a little surprised when he walks into the room and Castiel is still there, but only a little. They’ve been hanging out more often, and though Dean and Sam figure it has to do with Castiel’s depleted mojo, they don’t really talk about it. He’s still wearing that coat, sitting still as a picture on the bed and watching what sounds like porn on TV. Angels, man. Frigging weird.
The gravel crunches behind him, and he feels Cas get closer, a radiating warmth against his back that threatens to burn too hot.
That's an urban myth, Dean, but fine. But just because I was the catalyst for your huge fight with your boyfriend. I'll call when I land.
"How'd you get in the building?" he demands instead of agreeing to any kind of talk, and Castiel shrugs his usual shrug -- just one shoulder lifting up and down in a twitch of nonchalance -- but somehow it manages to look threatening and cold.
A small exhalation catches in Castiel's throat, and he tilts his head back, but Dean only gets to scrape is teeth against the junction of shoulder and neck before he gets his head jerked back by a forceful hand in his hair. Castiel's on his throat with a distinct eagerness that Dean honestly wouldn't have pegged him for; he seems so calm and...
Normally he’d drown himself in girls, but he isn’t exactly excited about having to hang around bitter exes for what might be six whole months, the last half of the school year. Sammy finds one though, pretty and not as shy as Dean would’ve thought Sam would go for. She’s older too, by a year, and she’s actually got a smart mouth, which is good, because the two of them can rile Sammy up enough that he doesn’t like to be alone with them. That works out, actually, because her parents don’t like her going out with some strange boy, and so her brother gets chaperone duty.
He falters, mostly because Dean's only ever mentioned him by name, never clarified their relationship, at least not to Kevin. He hasn't explicitly filtered it out, but well, Dean's default state is to keep certain things to himself. At this point, he wonders if that's a bug or a feature of his personality.
With his comprehensive exams looming, Dean really ought to figure out how the Spanish library works. He squints at the poster on the wall with the Library of Congress numbers, and then squints at a row of books, and then frowns because he actually can't find where anything matches up to the wall. There's a shelf labeled MA Comps Books, which he crouches in front of, but the titles all just blur together and the point of this is actually to see what
"You think you want to waste your time with that? Or you want to make sure I'm not going to get up and be that thing again?"
Dean slides off the counter and picks up his hat, which used to have a big feather on it, but that's another line he's not interested in crossing. He thinks he still looks appropriately striking, once he pulls it down low over his forehead, and his eyes get swallowed up in shadows. His phone buzzes again as he turns around to make sure he hasn't gotten anything on the back of his pants.
"You may have a point. I admit I'm still bitter over the reception afterwards. There was one English scholar who tried to insist that Spanish literature was inferior to the rest of European literature."
"I don't know," he says finally, a sickness in his gut. Sam is and always will be Dean's first priority. But Sam's fine, and Dean is the one who pulled Cas out of the Empty. If he's broken, if Dean left some part of him behind-- Well, that's his responsibility too, feelings or no feelings.
"Uh, that one's worse," Dean says; he closes the book and tosses it on the desk, happy to set it aside. "The lover's his illegitimate son."
"I told Sam," he starts, and finally that guarded expression drops, and Cas looks actually surprised for a moment before he squints, watching Dean closely.
Dean nods, flashes a fake smile, and then Cas swoops in to change the subject. As soon as he gets the chance, Dean grabs up everyone's plates and takes them to the sink. This time, he doesn't miss when Bobby enters the room; Dean's hunter senses are dialed back on, nerves still on edge, and he's braced for -- something, he doesn't know what, when Bobby comes and starts drying the dishes.
, Dean. ‘Fucking’ you is only part of it.” Castiel rolls his eyes in a gesture that Dean finds way too familiar, and he shakes his head. “Though you are making me doubt myself.”
But Castiel is warm, steady; he's a fucking amazing cook, even if it's just macaroni and cheese or something, and he owns pajamas with matching tops and bottoms, and he looks small and disheveled in Dean's hoodie when he steals it in the mornings. And Dean reaches inside him too, pulls Castiel out and makes him smile, small and private or big and wide, draws a laugh out of him when Dean manages to stick his spoon to his nose over dinner. When Dean presses up behind him in the kitchen and reaches around him to "help" cook, and his breath skirts the edges of his ear.
"How? By telling you how I feel? Again, Dean," he steps forward, and now all that distance between them is gone, and they're in each other's space, the night air cool, the moon bright in an otherwise empty night sky. The streetlights dance on the pavement, reflect their light up into Cas's face, into his eyes. "I don't want things to change--"
"Cold," he manages after a moment, with difficulty, and seemingly he and Cas start moving at once, adjusting blankets, readjusting themselves. The blanket is instant relief, and when Dean lays back down, he watches Cas be unsure of himself for the first time all evening. It's a soft look that eases something that had tensed in Dean.
"He seemed nice," Sam says, proving that they really aren't on very different wavelengths, no matter how much distance gets put between them. There's comfort in that, but Dean has a hard time holding onto it now that they're starting this conversation.
In the dimness, Dean can see Cas's eyelashes as they sweep his cheek, and Dean makes a decision. Really, he'd been gearing up to make this decision since back in the motel room before he grabbed his keys; he just hadn't been able to fully picture it, to realize it completely in his mind. He needs to make this right, but there is no right answer here. What Cas wants, what Cas can't have, and what Dean wants and what he can't give him are all mixed up, jumbled together with a sense of obligation, of a need to please everyone, to soothe tensions and to deescalate. To compromise. They can't have happily ever after; Dean can't give him that. But this? Dean can give Cas this. Cas can have this part of him, even if others are closed off to him now.
By the time Dean's little tirade is over, Castiel's chuckling -- a slight noise, quiet, only discernable because he shakes his shoulders with the sound.
Cas's mouth was still open, and he shuts it then, annoyed, stuck, and he sits back, studying Dean with a painful intensity that shouldn't still give Dean goosebumps, but it does. Finally, Cas shrugs one shoulder.
The breeze off Castiel’s wings startle him, and he whips his head around to where Castiel had been standing. He hadn’t even said
The problem is, mainly, that Dean doesn't disagree. He doesn't know what else to call what they're doing, what they've been playing at, and though he's been avoiding it, in this moment he knows that there's no word for what Castiel is to him other than 'boyfriend,' at least not functionally. He's caught, but then he was already an animal in a trap when Castiel pushed his way in here. He retaliates accordingly.
"Are you sure you want to be here?" Cas starts, a note of bitterness in his voice that Dean hates. "Sam is just down the hall. He could walk down at any moment."
"I didn't want to hurt you, Dean." His voice is soft again, and it's almost like this is a mirror of the Cas then: where he'd been almost jubilantly resigned to the inevitable, this Cas standing before him now is defeated and hopeful for what could, but can't, be. "Quite the opposite, actually." He hesitates, then takes a small step forward. "I knew that it would be hard for you to hear, Dean, but--"
sex because men like sex, and men sleep around, and men don't let feelings get in the way, and real men aren't gay.
Dean's going to have to give Castiel a lesson on keeping a straight face; his face flushes so fast it nearly gives Dean a head rush, though that may also be because Dean's blushing too, he's pretty sure. He steps back and reaches up to adjust his hat, his eyes flicking around the room.
“I can’t be your one good thing, Cas,” he says, shaking his head. “That’s just way too much of a terrible idea. It’s not like I’m not going to hurt you.”
Cas gives Dean his stern look, his don't be ridiculous look, but Dean just sits up straighter, and he nods at him, and then he doesn't exactly know what he's doing, but he thinks hard, in Cas's direction. He thinks about that night he'd told Cas he hadn't laughed like that in a long time; he thinks about Cas's coat by the lake; he thinks about finding him in Purgatory, and leaving him behind; he thinks about Cas and ET going home and gay bikers; he thinks about Cas, going back inside the Gas'n'Sip; he thinks about Cas, smiling at him over burgers. He thinks about all of it--Lucifer's crypt and the bunker floor too--and he points it in Cas's direction, and he figures--well, this'll be it. This'll be his answer. Cas will get it, or he won't.
Castiel moves forward as beckoned, into Dean's personal space. It's odd to be invited into it, to find himself as near to him as he was in the past when Dean would snap at him to back up. Dean's arm finds its way around his back, and so Castiel sets his hand against his waist. The angle is awkward, but he smiles when commanded. He might imagine it, but Dean seems to hesitate, his gaze moving over Cas's smile like he's surprised he has one, before he finally takes the picture.
The morning -- or, you know, whatever -- brings sleepy, groggy kisses before they climb out of bed. Dean only gets dressed as far as pajamas, which leaves Cas looking at his pile of clothes on the floor, and then he rifles through Dean's closet.
“Yeah, well, I did roll in a field of catnip on my way over.” Dean scratches Anna’s chin, but she dodges and instead starts to lick his fingers, which is painful and wet and kind of weird because he can tell it’s definitely a
Dean swallows a bit thicker than entirely necessary and breaks the gaze, reaching for some of the bread on the table. This is definitely a thing that shouldn't be happening. He shouldn't be having eyesex with a guy who's like, a full-on faculty member and not just a grad student who's farmed out to warm up a couple of classrooms and keep 36 kids awake (mostly) for six hours a week.
“No,” he lies, though he wasn’t the one who was being sodomized, so hopefully he can wriggle around the truth on a technicality. “Have you?”
From there it’s a few more animal tents, pigs and goats and horses in a ring, trotting around. It’s not any kind of fun horsing event, so they don’t hang around long, and Sam starts off for the nearest building when Dean pulls up short.
There are half a dozen times when it could happen after that, when they stare at each other and whatever they’re arguing about shifts, just a little, and their look is about so much more than angels and demons and the end of the world.
"So, no, I don't need sleep. But technically, neither do you, and this is Heaven, so we can do whatever we want."
Listen: all he wants is his best friend back. That's all he's ever wanted--right? A friend, a best friend; that's all he's ever needed or wanted Cas to be. He didn't need Cas to be anything more or less.
"It's time to go back," he says, half a statement, half a question, and Dean wonders if he's been looking in his head or if that's just how they are these days.
. He really ought to read through it, but truth be told Dean never had much patience for reading through his papers. He doesn't actually like hearing himself talk all that much, and agonizing over word choice just makes him a little sick.
jabs from Sammy and Bobby since he started getting into all this literature stuff. If his dad hadn't died, then he probably wouldn't be here at all, would probably still be back at Bobby's garage, speaking slang Spanish with the other mechanics.
Bobby in the doorway. Sam takes in Cas wearing Dean's clothes, and his eyes, bright and amused, immediately snap to Dean; Bobby, meanwhile, is doing a more studied examination of the scene, his expression almost impossible to read.
"What're your plans for the rest of the night?" Castiel's voice is pleasant, even, calm, but in it Dean can hear something chasing around in his thoughts, though he's afraid to touch it.
It starts innocently enough. Dean wants to buy new porn, that's all. And a butt plug. Innocent things. Casual purchases for a guy who's recently admitted to himself and everyone else that he's into dudes, so he's free to indulge in the things he'd have shied away from before. No, he's out now. Charlie dragged him to a gay club, and Sam has a pride bumper sticker that Dean hates on principle for ruining his car, but his car's already ruined for being what it is, so.
Dean is full of urgency, though a new kind; a frantic, uncertain kind. It's almost like he's spinning, arms out to each side, going around and around, the world topsy turvy around him, and he hasn't found that one spot, that one thing to hold onto to keep him from falling over, so any minute now--any minute now he'll come tumbling down.
When Sam’s at Carly’s house, Dean’s there too, and it stops being much of a chore after too long. He finds out, to his surprise, that Chris lacks in any kind of significant friends. The boys on the basketball team aren’t fond of him—he cracks under pressure at every jump shot—and it turns out appreciation of decent music runs thin at this school. He tells Dean once, when they’re leaning against the truck of the car, shoulder to shoulder, that Dean’s the best guy friend he’s ever had.
"Done," he repeats, firmer this time because he's double-checked and there's a title and page numbers and his name, and it's fifteen pages and it's
"Dean." He looks flustered, a little shy, and Dean unconsciously licks his lips. "Thank you for fixing my car, and I... apologize again for Gabriel's inappropriate behavior." They're speaking in hushed tones, he realizes; not so hushed that it would attract attention, but definitely quieter than normal, and Dean doesn't know what that means except that it sets his mind buzzing with possibility.
The actual morning of, he'd like to say that he woke up completely oblivious to the date, but in reality he watched the clock the night before, and once it hit 12:01, he toasted himself, small and quiet and private, just a little congrats to himself to have made it far enough to start getting gray hairs, something that Cas likes to tell him about whenever he plays with Dean's hair, and Dean whines and bats at his hands. But he's starting to find them, too, and he can't help but wonder how gray he'll get, how it'll look, because he's never had any reason to think that he'd live this long to see it.
He interrupts Cas mid-sentence with a quick kiss, and Cas is giving him his confused smile, a classic Cas look at this point.
Dean hadn't quite been aware of that last knot of tension that had been coiled around the Sam-center of his brain, but maybe that's because it's just been there so long that he's long since stopped consciously feeling it. He notices it now because it's gone, eased beyond any doubt, and he huffs out a laugh of his own.
"Sure," Cas says, and Dean can't see his face, and his tone of voice is muffled through the fabric, but Dean's relatively certain he could hear the rush of something, some nameless emotion, in Cas's voice.
Castiel makes a motion for Dean to continue, so he bites his lip, and then he does, and he realizes just how much he has been wanting to talk about this after all. The uncertainty when it'd been uncomfortable at first; the burn, how he wasn't sure if he liked it or didn't like it; how he'd kept adding more lube like Castiel had said, but at a certain point, he stopped being able to hold things very well. How he's kept exploring, kept testing his limits.
"I am glad you're back, Dean," he says into that silence, coming forward a step. Dean draws up, seems to draw in on himself and turn away, but it's a move that's so familiar to Castiel by now that he finds he doesn't even mind. He's patient as he watches Dean turn back around, away from him, back to that nightstand, and tap his finger on the pictures at the top.
had been in his dreams for months: every time he opened his eyes in the morning, every time he opened the trunk and saw the coat.
"And it would be funny because... you're a prude?" he ventures, trying to be funny too, but Castiel just narrows his eyes.
," he murmurs against Dean's lips, his fingers threading through his hair and sliding down to his neck.
"Sorry, no. Just cars. I tried working my mojo over it, but it wasn't listening to me." Feeling flirty, he adds, his eyes on Castiel's. "Guess it doesn't like me."
"So... tell me about this grace thing," Dean asks, and Cas sighs, but tells Dean about how he hadn't come back whole in the first place, that things were slowly deteriorating, but then rapidly accelerated, and now he only has a faint amount of grace left. He tells Dean that he started falling asleep randomly first, started getting hungry next, and that he'd wanted to call Dean the whole time. That one is a slow admission, given cautiously, an explanation for why he hadn't told Dean that neither one of them really needed to hear spoken aloud.
He disappears into the bathroom for a quick shower, just enough to rinse the film of the pool off his skin, and he changes into soft, dry, mercifully thin clothes. When he pads out of the shower, a guy is moaning, and Castiel is in the exact same position, except his coat is folded neatly on the foot of the bed. He looks weird without it on, not quite naked, but not quite himself, and he clenches his jaw against wondering what Castiel would look like without the suit jacket, too.
Castiel comes back into the room with a beer for both of them and a worried little smile on his face.
It isn’t as if Castiel turns his head. He’s been clinging to that fact like a life raft since the shed and Castiel stormed in, power crackling around him. Frankly, Castiel scares him a little sometimes, and yeah, he’s attractive, but what buzzes between them is a lot more than the fact that he has a nice ass. If that had been all, then hell—maybe he would’ve offered himself up way back and ditched the whole Den of Iniquity idea entirely. Maybe they would’ve given into the heat between them already.
"I don't know," Sam says, honesty in his voice that eases some tension in Dean's shoulders, lets him take an easier breath at least. "Dean, is this about Cas... liking guys?"
Castiel's shoulders slump now, and he nods, not understanding, but accepting. Dean sighs heavily again and starts pulling the blankets down on his bed, getting ready to sleep like he said he was going to. Before he gets too far, he glances over his shoulder at Castiel, and then nods to a chair in the corner of the room. It's the first time he's ever invited Castiel to watch over him, and Castiel looks at the chair.
"It's okay, Dean," he says finally, and finds that he does mean it. It isn't Dean's fault for who he is. Castiel manages a smile, manages to half turn and give it to him, to look at Dean hurting beside him.
"Dean," he says softly, and he starts to reach out to him, to touch his shoulder, but Dean shakes his head, cutting him off from whatever else he might want to say. Castiel is at a loss for words, though, so perhaps that's for the best.
The next chunk of time is tangled, and they’re tangled as they interrupt their intense exploration of each other’s bodies only to pull at clothing, annoyed that it’s in their way at all. There’s little rhyme or reason to it—Dean goes from kissing Castiel with a deep hunger, his hand pulling at his clothes, to mapping the delicate skin of his throat, to biting his nipple to see if it would make Castiel gasp (it does), and back to his mouth again, then to his ear, far more frantic than he likes to be as a lover.
He scowls at her, but he's also aware enough to realize that he's having a very normal conversation about this, that Charlie hasn't blinked, except for when she hit him. That sense of normalcy is back, and he wonders how much of that is Heaven's influence or not. How much of his emotions are his own here? How much can he blame Heaven for how the tightness in his chest isn't quite as tight as it used to be whenever he thought about this? Or is it that, now that he's dead, he has to wonder: what does it matter anymore?
Sigh. Dean's never good at this impromptu smarts business, and as he eats another grape, he scrapes his brain for an on-the-fly smart response, but then figures hey, it's Castiel. No chance he'll get him on his comps panel.
What's Dean's experience level? What kinds of things does he like? What is he willing to try? Dean's never had a conversation this long and this detailed about sex in his life, not even with the people he's had sex with, which is maybe shameful but usually, Dean was tumbling in and out of someone's bed too fast to have any kind of conversation beyond whatever seemed like a good idea at the time.
Dean remembers Purgatory then, kneeling in the mud, the rough bark of a tree against his hand. He'd prayed to Cas then. He said he was sorry. He said he forgave him. He wishes he could say those things now, but the words die in his throat. Again.
Dean grits his teeth against his brother’s dewy eyes and dewy voice, but his irritation doesn’t last long; Castiel fixes a glare on the both of them, laying his hands on the table.
Cas's eyes move from Dean to the book and linger for a moment before he adjusts his attention, turning those eyes back on Dean, and leaving Dean to realize that he's here because he's satisfying some kind of an addiction. Normal people would maybe use the word "crush," and that's a fine enough word he guesses, but it doesn't come close to the way something in him flares up when Cas looks at him, or the way something else quiets down, like he's been waiting all day for this and can breathe easy now that he has it.
"Bed or couch?" Dean offers, and Cas's eyes flick between the options again. He knows this isn't Cas's first time, but it's not like he's some kind of pro, and he can feel Cas's lack of experience as he turns back to face him.
Sam makes an impatient sound. "I heard you apologize to him, and you said you were scared. Dean--did Cas tell you... something? And it freaked you out?"
Cas's eyebrows lift, and his smile slips away, surprised maybe as Dean thinks back on something he hasn't thought too hard about in a long time.
Merch. She meant merch. Now the back of their office is stacked high with cardboard boxes full of shirts and mugs plastered with punny jokes, and Charlie works for him running their new online store, which has really been the cherry on top of a roller coaster couple of months. Was there a point where the people taking selfies on his sidewalk every day got to be annoying? Yes. Was there also a moment or two when Dean enjoyed ducking into the frame? Also yes.
“I liked the ducks,” he offers, and Dean huffs another laugh, rolling his eyes. He opens his mouth to reply, but Castiel continues, and lately Dean doesn’t like to shut Castiel up, not if he’s wanting to talk. “And the pig races.”
"Nah, he's fine," he assures her, and they lapse into a silence during which they're both lost in a hot embarrassment or at least Dean thinks that's the case with Jo. His hand finds the back of his neck and rubs at it, slips beneath the collar of his shirt and fiddles with the tag, before he speaks again. "And I'm not totally gay, by the way. I'm still into chicks."
Dean is suddenly and unexpectedly touched, and it's maybe too much for this early in the morning. He stops, smiling almost to himself now, and then he nods. He winds up making coffee and then sitting at the table, only giving Cas pointers when he asks, and otherwise trying not to supervise at all. When Cas sets his plate in front of him finally, he only looks mildly less harried than he had when the alarm was going off, and he's got flecks of egg on the hem of his T-shirt, somehow.
eight,” Dean returns, and Sam chuckles. Castiel walks silently beside him, though Dean knows he’s taking in the conversation. He always does.
"Yeah... " Dean smiles and doesn't make it convincing. The hardest part about this conversation, other than actually (not-) having it, is that he has to embrace a little of his worry in order to make it genuine, to get the point across to Bobby. "Hey, I was actually thinking about... having him over sometime during winter break. Or maybe going to visit his house. Or both, I don't know." He sets his fork down too, reaches for his beer, and glances up nervously.
“What happened? You feeling sick?” He sweeps a concerned, evaluating look over Castiel, who’s paler than Dean would like.
Dean cuts off Cas's very earnest defense of his interest in Dean's cock with another grumble and a hand to the back of his head, and he rolls them over, kissing Cas deeply. It occurs to him a bit late that he's going to taste himself, but the salty tang isn't so bad when it comes with the reminder of what all Cas's mouth is capable of, and when the kiss draws to a natural close, Dean goes in again, wanting more.
when the plane came through the windows. It's in the Laws of Boyfriend-dom; he had to be worried about Castiel not eating the fish and, generally, not getting sucked out or crashing in some river or getting hijacked by terrorists or eaten by hormonal snakes.
"Sammy?" Dean chokes, focus entirely on his brother, who forces a smile onto his face and lifts his hand in a wave.
They break from the crowd and head inside, and Dean’s grip turns from firm to something approaching gentle as he leans Castiel against a wall.
It's taken Dean a year, but he can make it to the PQ's now without getting lost in the labyrinth of this library, and he's grateful that no one's sitting at the carrels that line the wall just beside the books he's looking for. He's never sure how they manage to work in here; libraries can be warm, but this one's mainly huge and twisting and suffocatingly gray, like a hospital for books. There are more cheerful places in this library; he's seen them when he's gotten lost before, but the PQ's get relegated to the morgue.
back there.” He hesitates, and Dean hears him shut the book and set it aside. Getting ready for a serious conversation. Dean braces himself. “You don’t think I’d
Plus, you know. Everything else. The dude thing. Sometimes, he still thinks about Crowley, and he tries to hold onto the parts of that that felt wrong. It was easier when he felt all wrong, when every part of him was ringing with how fucked up he was, rotten to the core. Now, though, he looks at Crowley, and he remembers...
“No,” Castiel returns promptly, and his head tilts, which Dean tries and fails not to recognize as stupidly adorable because angels shouldn’t be adorable.
Castiel turns on his side, and Dean refuses to open his eyes, at least until Castiel’s thigh slides between Dean’s legs and—
"Hello," Cas calls, making his way toward them, and Sam gives Dean one last uncertain look before he goes to give Cas a hug.
Because Dean knows: Sam's going to leave him. Sam might be in the bunker for now, but soon enough, Eileen will join him; soon enough, other Dean will be here, and Sam will want a life of his own, a house of his own. It was always just the two of them, but in the end, Sam never belonged to Dean.
The main selling point of this motel had been the acceptable pool, and apparently that had made it fairly popular; there weren’t any two-bed rooms left, and it isn’t like Castiel needs to sleep anyway. There’s no other place to sit except beside Castiel on the bed, unless he wants to drag over an uncomfortable chair. He stands by the AC unit, weighing his options, when Castiel lifts his eyes from the screen.
He's not still here because he wants to support someone else, or make someone else happy. He's here because he's... fulfilled. Because he thinks he might've found a place in the world, and not one he ever would've let himself dream about before.
"I had to be home in time to fix dinner for Sam most nights," he starts, eyes on the glass, not seeing. "Worked my ass off trying to keep my dad's business together when he was too drunk to keep his orders straight. I almost had to repeat sophomore year because I missed so many days."
It isn’t like he can tell anyone about it, but sometimes he feels like he’s suffocating. He’s stared down ghosts, he’s seen dead bodies, but something about bumping into crowds in small, humid hallways makes something tighten in his chest that he didn’t even know was there. Maybe he’s just around death so much that life seems unreachable, untouchable.
"He is." Dean busies himself with scraping a pan clean, and for a minute that's the only sound, other than the quiet clank of the silverware in Sam's hands as he dries them off.
It doesn't go off until they're at dinner, and his phone buzzes again; Dean doesn't get a chance to flip it open before Bobby speaks -- well, more like grunts, as he glares over his turkey, heavily glazed in gloriously artery-packing gravy.
"Busy?" Sam must switch the phone to his other ear; Dean hears the ruffle of fabric, a TV in the background, and the sound of something sizzling as Sam cooks. "With what?"
"I've always been interested in languages. Spanish was my first, but then in high school I got the Italian Rosetta Stone and taught myself. When I got to college, I double majored in Spanish and Italian, with a minor in French, and I took classes in Latin. My MA is actually in comparative literature -- I picked up Portuguese for that," he says with a smile that's definitely encroaching on self-pride, and Dean would jump on him for that except
"You really are a disaster bi, aren't you?" she murmurs into his shirt finally, and Dean freezes, but she's grinning when she sits up. "I mean. Huge moment for you. I'm so proud of you. I love you, I support you, all that. Whatever you need, I'm here for you. But come on, dude. How long have you been sitting on the fact that Cas is in love with you, and you -- ?" She breaks off, raising her eyebrows.
When Cas comes in, he tugs his coat down off his head and shakes his hands, wipes his feet on the rug in front of the door, but a drop of rain slides off his nose, and his hair is wet and plastered against his forehead. He nods at Kevin, but Kevin only looked up to make sure he didn't need to do anything; he's already back to coding or English or whatever.
"Mine are fine, you know. Teaching's alright. Better this semester. I taught SPAN 2010 my first semester, and like... Um, basically I have to throw out all those lesson plans." He huffs a chuckle. "They're just -- they were crap. Doing better this time. My students on the other hand." He rolls his eyes and sits back as the waitress delivers their wine.
on the other side of the door, and what's worse, one of the ones that Dean's going to have to suck up to because he's one of the modern Latin America guys.
Then the door shuts with a click, and Dean swallows thickly. Castiel is staring at him when he manages to raise his head, that sad tone to his eyes evened out to something harder, something more like what he saw before Castiel vanished the last time. Dean knows what he has to say, but doesn’t think he can actually push the words out of his mouth, which makes him feel like a chicken shit who shouldn’t even be having this conversation at all because he isn’t worth Castiel’s time.
If there's anything that could stop a properly-made bite of delicious tostones from reaching Dean's mouth when one's already in progress, it's this news, and he tries to keep himself from gaping for too long at Castiel, but it's a lost cause.
Sam's eyes are bright as they dart between Corey's retreating back and Cas, who continues to get smaller and shier as he picks up his glass and takes a prim sip.
Dean smiles, wistful, and then clinks his bottle with Eileen and Cas too and takes a sip. "I can't believe we made it this far," he says, something too close to the truth there maybe. Cas leans closer to him and Eileen nods, eyes on the ground.
"No, I gotta..." He hates himself even as he starts to say it. "I should really... get back." To what? To an empty bunker? To a world that's mostly moved on without him?
. There's a clean slate here, and that jumpy feeling is back, like he's about to leap out of a plane (or get on a plane at all).
On the cover of one is a guy, hands tied behind his back, and he's on his knees wearing a collar with a leash reaching out of frame, and Dean doesn't know why he's drawn to it--just kidding, he does--but he's still standing there when he hears Cas come up behind him, and he jerks away.
Castiel chuckles his dry, breathless laugh, but Dean notices that his eyes never waver from Dean's face. Someday maybe he'll find that creepy, but right now it just makes Dean realize how fidgety he gets, how hot and bothered Castiel makes him with just a look.
Cas's words get swallowed up, because suddenly, Dean's mouth is on Cas, and his hands are fisting in his coat, and the force of it all leaves Cas stunned for a moment, still under Dean's desperation.
He drifts to the books because Claire mentioned it. It's not a very big section, and maybe not the most thrilling, at least not to Dean. Self-help this, 101 that. Most of it earns a big ol' yawn from Dean, but then he spots the "Just In" sign, and underneath that is a shelf full of graphic novels, comic books, and that has Dean drifting closer.
"I'm not a grump," Cas murmurs finally, definitely sounding like a grump, and Dean grins above him, though he tries to make it sound like he's rolling his eyes when he replies.
“I don’t want a prostitute,” Castiel says softly, though it’s pretty clear that the quiet isn’t because he’s afraid of being overheard. Dean eyes him, trying to puzzle out whatever’s going on in Castiel’s now-featherless brain.
"Of course they did, Don Félix." His voice is light, and he leans in for another kiss, this one less tentative, more sure of itself, and it spreads through Dean like reassurance. Dean's hand rubs small circles against Castiel's back when he pulls away, and there's a thoughtfulness in his eyes now that wasn't there when he leaned in for the kiss.
"Yeah, Sammy," he says thickly, afraid to meet his brother's eyes, but then he forces himself to. "Yeah, I think so."
Sam is quiet, and Dean feels him waiting for Dean to look up; he does, and the amused patience on his face is not exactly soothing just now.
He likes taking Cas apart like this, cupping his balls in one hand while his mouth works over his cock, diving down to the base and holding long enough for Cas to gasp out above him, then pulling back again and pumping his hand in time with his mouth, teasing his tongue over him.
"I bet you know something about soul shakin'," Dean says, half-delirious, half-confident that it's a suave thing to say, and Cas tilts his head, smiling with one side of his mouth.
They share a smile and a silence that's not uncomfortable, but maybe awkward because it's the sort of silence that could be filled in with a hug, but no one's died or anything, so instead they let the silence wrap around them and bind them together. Sam starts to laugh softly once the not-hug ends, and Dean arches an eyebrow at him.
Their last night together is Sam’s graduation night, with the realization that Sammy’s leaving him soon weighing heavily on his shoulders. It’s different that night—slower, gentler, an unspoken acknowledgment of the goodbye. When they leave, Dean knows he isn’t really leaving something significant behind, but it feels like it anyway.
On the way back, Dean plays Led Zeppelin, and he watches Cas tap his fingers against his knees the whole way.
Dean's voice his quiet, his grumpiness passing, and he ignores whatever reaction Sam might have to that. He lets the sink drain and scoops up a handful of utensils to put away. Sam seems to take the cue that his brother needs a time-out from his emotions, and he starts putting dishes away, even though he really has no reason to know where they go. Dean only has four cupboards, though. It's not too hard to figure out.
And then he's standing in an airport, hands in his pockets, and his chest tightens because he might not have to worry about whether anyone would believe Castiel if he saw a monster eating the wing of the plane because that kind of worry doesn't really follow the Laws of Ex-Boyfriend-dom.
Castiel never hears Sam come back before he and Dean wind up asleep, still clothed, still on top of the covers, still wrapped up in the newness and brittleness of this thing they're building together.
“None of that means anything to me.” Admittedly, something in Dean cracks at that, and he doesn’t quite know what to say. Castiel’s hand finds his leg and settles on it. “You do.”
Okay, so the last place he wants to be on a Friday at 4:30 in the afternoon is in some uncomfortable plastic bucket seat in a too-cold conference room listening to three of his fellow students read papers about things unrelated to what he's actually interested in, but hey. Gotta put in a little face time at some of these things.
The part's on its way. Should be in Friday, I'll be over Saturday to replace it if that's alright with you. Sure you don't need a car or anything? I could drive you up to the store if you need.
Tonight Sam wants to go out to drink, to celebrate a successful hunt with a little successful pool hustling, some friendly bar company, but Dean knows that half the time Sam’ll just be looking at him expectantly, all but shoving the phone in his face, and probably praying under his breath. So long as there’s a case to distract them, Sam stops pushing the issue, but during a rest—it’s just
It's a very blurry picture of what he assumes Cas was eating that night, which looks like mediocre bar nachos. He's about to huff a laugh over Cas's poor photography skills, when he catches sight of a hand on the plate, neon nail polish, and he realizes that maybe Cas snapped a pic while the plate was still being set down in front of him.
"As a matter of fact, yes," Castiel teases in return, sliding his hands down to pull up at Dean's T-shirt, baring a strip of skin that his fingertips touch experimentally, both of them testing the line of how far they're going.
They talk or something on their way to Cas's house, music playing quietly on the radio, but Dean doesn't think either one of them is really hearing it because they keep doing that smile-and-look-away thing until they stop looking away so quickly, and Dean can feel Cas watching him as he pulls into his driveway.
, and a few others that he doesn't know, but he also does know that every Thursday, they eat with Charlie and Benny as part of the support group for queer kids.
“All I’m saying is, you should work it out now, before all this Michael and Lucifer shit becomes more important than whether you two can hold an actual conversation.”
There's a joke there, but the offer's serious, and Dean presses his lips together as he nods, biting back a grin that would be way too stupid for him to comfortably be wearing right now. "Tempting offer. I'll have to take you up on that."
"Might help," he agrees, a little breathless from the whiplash of all this, but makeup sex has never been something he's turned down; makeup sex that also happens to be first time sex, he hopes, won't turn out to be a total disaster. Castiel leans in close, his lips parted, but he hovers over Dean's mouth, leans away from him when he tries to catch his lips; when he finally allows a kiss, it's light and breathy, and his tongue teases just along the seam of Dean's mouth before it's gone again.
They're quiet after, and Dean's heart is beating still because he doesn't know how to read this silence. Cas has face-planted into his shoulder and has his arm snaked around his waist, but even still, Dean feels the panic rise because, again, this isn't some fumble in the sheets; this is everything, now, and even though he's been doing okay lately, he doesn't know if or when he'll screw it up again. Will he be able to take Cas out to dinner sometime? Will he be able to catch his hand in the grocery store without thinking about it, without bracing for something around the corner?
you. And that too." The pictures, it turns out, are of the wrestling team, and basketball, and laughing at prom, years and years ago. He looks at them now with Cas's eyes, with the eyes that he'd wanted people to see him with then, and he feels something icy settle over him.
Okay, so Dean had expected that after the Halloween party, people would know, or suspect, and maybe they'd even ask him about it, but most people around here are like -- well, most days people are treading lightly, too afraid to show weaknesses or insecurities in case they might get blown out of the water. He underestimated Jo, however, and his eyes flick to his officemates, who are all now watching with interest. His face flushes under their gazes, and he glares hard at Jo as he pulls his arms in tight against his chest.
She looks at him and meows, and then rubs her head against the DVD case. Dean gives her another scritch before he returns to the couch, flopping down with his head in Castiel’s lap. Castiel’s hand finds his hair and the other one settles comfortably on his chest, and everything’s great in Dean’s world even if Dr. Sexy’s having some trouble with a new intern, and then there’s a weight on his stomach again.
His heart's doing triple-time when they get into the place and Dean's thinking about spending the evening with Cas on his arm and people asking him about the press conference, which has become one of his favorite stories to tell. They get up to the table with the nametags splayed out, and Dean nods at Becky.
He starts pulling Dean against him now, and Dean follows, resisting the urge to find it weird to fit himself against Cas's side, to put his arm over his chest and tangle their legs together.
Benny and Dean chuckle to themselves and share a private smile; they both love this, both the pure innocence of kids tossing a frisbee around and the incessant mocking. It certainly beats the tension Dean feels as he walks through the halls, eyes sharp for masks sliding off noses, ready to tell kids to separate.
After, Cas is still against him, and Dean listens to him catch his breath, and then almost without thinking--
be because Castiel uses what grace he has to help him sleep without any dreams; he shouldn't, should probably conserve the stole grace, but he has to say that it's worth it to see Dean sleeping so peacefully. Even though Castiel is better for the time being, he finds himself wanting to join Dean, getting pulled in that direction by desire and comfort, rather than by need. He closes his eyes and drifts off to something like sleep. Although he doesn't dream, being aware of Dean beside him all night is pleasant enough to be like one.
“So you want to fuck me.” Dean feels, of all people, like Castiel—making a statement like it’s a question. Castiel snorts, his shoulder rising and falling in an angelically pissed-off half shrug, and Dean doesn’t really know what he’s supposed to take from that. “You
It was so much easier to make this all seem so effortless when Dean shoved Cas against the wall and kissed him, when he was peeling Cas out of his clothes and asking him yes or no; now, as they make their way to Dean's room, as they half-watch each other half-self-consciously shrug off shirts and toe off shoes and kick off pants, Dean wishes he could find any of that bravado, any of that certainty. Instead, he and Cas crawl into bed, and Dean doesn't know what to do with his hands.
“Happy New Year,” he murmurs back, and then he decides, well, fuck it. He leans in and brushes his lips against Castiel’s; the kiss is light and quick, but it happens regardless, and Castiel’s smile is warm when Dean pulls away. Dean’s eyes flit to Sam, and Sam’s smile is almost as warm as Castiel’s; that settles it for Dean. He slips his hand into Castiel’s as Bobby stands up.
There's cake and food, and Dean has time to wander around, drifting from one conversation to another, talking about cinematography and dialogue here and there. He's against the hood of the Impala, Cas at his side, when Claire comes up to him again and holds out a present.
Castiel wakes up alone. The air returns to his lungs with a sharpness that he hadn't anticipated, mostly because he hadn't anticipated ever breathing again. His vision comes into focus slowly, with a darkness around the edges that slowly gives way to light, too much light, and his arm is heavy as he picks it up to shield his eyes. His whole body is tingling, as if his whole body had been asleep, and his blood is only now returning to all his limbs.
And then there are nights like these, when Dean feels the edges of this snow globe world he's created, and knows it's going to have to shatter soon. Thanksgiving will be a reprieve; just Bobby, and he'll come back early, say he has a paper to do; but there'll be Sam over Christmas and questions about
This time, Dean only barely avoids swerving the wheel when he turns to look at Sam so fast he hurts his neck a little.
"Now you're just doing that to wind me up," Dean says, leveling an accusing finger at him, and Castiel gives a one-shouldered shrug that's totally all feigned innocence. Bastard.
“You sure? It hurts the first time,” he says, uncertain, but even that wall of uncertainty’s pretty fragile, and Dean’s almost pulling away to grab his bag, where he keeps condoms and lube because he’s fucking prepared, just like his dad always taught him to be, even if he probably didn’t mean be prepared to sodomize an angel at said angel’s request.
Castiel must’ve heard the change in Dean’s voice because he’s watching Dean now, expectant, uncertain. Dean probably ought to say something more, but he doesn’t want to come out and
Claire stands in front of him with a bi pride flag sewn onto her backpack along with an array of patches and pins, some from things he recognizes, bands he's pleased that the kids still listen to. He wonders how he must look to her, how familiar this sight is for her, two men standing here, holding hands, happy.
“Hey, Cas. It’s me—it’s Dean. Listen.” Around here is where he realizes he doesn’t have a fucking clue of what to say. “We… I need to see you, okay. If—if you want.” And then he realizes that’s a disaster of a voice message and promptly hangs up, tossing the phone aside. He doesn’t call Castiel again.
Then Cas's fingers are working at his fly, having a hard time with the thick fabric, until Dean mumbles something and does it himself. Cas sits back and watches, watches Dean's fingers, watches as he lifts his hips, watches as he wriggles himself free and kicks his jeans off the bed. Dean is used to, kind of, Cas's intense scrutiny, but he feels like he's moving in slow motion under the weight of his gaze as he lays back down and Cas lowers himself again.
It'd been easy, until now, because it'd been so fast; he and Castiel were skating along the surface of their sexual tension, and then suddenly there was kissing and tostones and their life stories, and Castiel was just
"I must have." He stops there, but there's definitely thinking going on in that brain of his, so Dean waits patiently, enjoying the hell out of his sandwich all the while. "My father didn't have much time for teaching me how to fix cars," he settles on finally, "or anything else, really."
“You’re welcome for saving your life.” So Castiel is feeling testy as he crosses the room and stands at the foot of the bed, evidently  unwilling to trespass onto contested territory. Dean snorts and defiantly raises his chin at Castiel.
"Hey, Garth." He cradles the phone against his shoulder as he picks up the remote to pause the show.
"I meant it when I said that I knew... things couldn't change," he paraphrases, and something in Dean's eyes makes him look down, only sneaking glances now. "And I meant it when I said that that was enough. I don't need anything different. I'm happy," he catches himself, and there's another quick look, but then he seems to force himself to meet Dean's gaze. "I can be happy with you, just as things were."
"I would never. I love everything that helps you be you." With a smile, Cas kisses him, but it's teasing; he pulls back before Dean has a chance to lean in. He lets Dean catch up with him, but then he pulls away again, ducking his head to mouth at Dean's earlobe.
"They do that," he says, sighing, as he realizes now that they're the ones that have actually been making his sleep difficult. He makes to turn over, but Castiel's arm is firm around his waist. In the shuffle of Dean trying to move is when he feels it, warm and pressing at his hip. Castiel's mouth follows, closing around his earlobe.
"Maybe that's because you look good with sex hair," Dean shoots back, and then there isn't much talking anymore because their mouths find better things to do.
He's seeing Cas on the floor, face bloody, and Cas is seeing Dean on top of him, pinning him down, knife in hand.
"No, I'll just take it in to a mechanic and have it looked at." The irritated tone to his voice is kind of adorable, and fuck, guy crushes turn Dean into such a
Another few minutes slide by in which Dean eases his posture, his hand creeping over for more popcorn, and then it's another few minutes before Dean carefully rests his arm on the back of the couch, before Cas is leaning toward him slightly, before Dean finally drops his arm to Cas's shoulder and pulls him closer against his side.
After, Cas's arms encircle him, pull him tight, and Dean allows it until he's not sure he can take it anymore. Clearing his throat, he pulls away.
"Have you emailed their parents?" Dean asks, eyes on the parking lot, but in his periphery he sees Kevin shrink.
"Hey, would you -- quit it?" He bats at Cas's hand again, but Cas catches it and twines their fingers together, and Dean winds up with their hands resting on his chest, Cas's thumb brushing a soft pattern against his skin. The tenderness of the moment is almost too much for Dean to bear, and so he grumbles, "You'll give a guy a complex."
Dean cuts himself off before the rambling can go on, but also because Cas's face is doing something weird, shifting through a range of emotions as he looks down at the card, and Dean thinks that he maybe did actually blow this one by asking someone on one of the stupidest first dates of all time.
They're laughing by the end of it, and there's a lull, and that's when Bobby nods at Cas across from him.
He and Bobby are doing the dishes when the mood in the conversation shifts and a veil falls over it; Bobby studiously looks at the plate in his hand, very thoroughly drying it.
He doesn't turn around to face Castiel, but his hands ball into fists at his sides, more out of an effort to keep himself from storming away than anything else.
When Dean looks up, Bobby’s paying close attention to wrapping whatever’s in his hands that Dean can’t see through the coffee table, which leaves him free to blink and look away, unconcerned about whatever emotions are flickering over his face.
Later Dean will have to figure out if it’s cute or sexy how hard Castiel struggles to talk normally (well, for him) while his body writhes around four of Dean’s fingers buried deep inside him. Right now, he barely has the mental faculty to get the fucking condom wrapper open, and then on his cock, all the while listening to Castiel huff impatient sighs.
"Aw, come on, Dean. I've walked in on you doing worse," he says, and there's a deeper fondness there, a wistfulness that just doesn't seem to sit right with Dean, but that's because he still hasn't gotten used to this idea that his brother lived a whole lifetime without him, long enough to feel nostalgic about being scarred by his brother's sex life.
Before, it was always like he couldn't wait to get out of his room, every chance he got. Being in his classroom meant being
It's been a long time since he's had to worry about any of that, though. Dean's been, you know, a little busy, mopping up one apocalypse before the next one can start, and he hasn't really had a lot of time for screwing around. If he's honest with himself, he didn't really want to either, didn't want to chase something physical and warm only for it to disappear again the next day. He'd rather focus on what he had before he lost it again. But if he's
Cas pokes his head in, his hand on the doorknob, and he hovers there in the doorway. "Dean? I sensed you were still awake."
"Hey." Dean's head snaps up and he frowns, unhappy that his outburst flew out of his mouth before he could approve the message. "Don't -- don't turn that."
By the time the clock either says six or eight, Dean can’t even be bothered to squint at it because Castiel is riding him with way too much energy for a freshly deflowered virgin, but he said he wanted to try it, and, well, Dean was too magnanimous to say no. Dean’s the one who cries out this time, his hips jerking up against Castiel.
Cas clearly hasn't touched anything about the way the lady left this place, though there are some boxes strewn about, half packed, some gaps on the wall where things used to hang. It's hard to see anything of Cas here at all, really, and something inside Dean reminds him: that's because this isn't Cas's home. He doesn't belong here. Dean squeezes his eyes shut; he can't think those kinds of things when he's trying to fit Cas into this part of his life.
And now Dean is losing his mind in the front seat of his car as Cas fumbles with his fly. Dean's throat is dry, and he leans his head back and takes a second to breathe some air that doesn't smell like Cas.
The department secretary Marie rounds the corner and Castiel ducks his head; Dean turns a broad, easy smile on her and gives her a big wink. He's been flirting with her since day one, and she laughs and lightly smacks his shoulder as she walks by, saying something about how Dean's smiles make this department go 'round.
"Sam said he wanted to take you out to breakfast, but I'd already started cooking," Castiel says, still apologizing, still on edge; he can hear it in the way his rock-solid voice is shaking around the edges.
Dean goes to put the DVD in, kneeling on the floor, and after a minute of fiddling with Castiel’s DVD player, he feels a fuzzy body pressing against his side, and then there’s a tiny orange head, sniffing at the DVD player.
“Happy New Year, bro, bro’s beau.” He darts away before Dean has a chance to shove his stupid party blower thing up his nose, and Castiel’s hand squeezes his arm.
"Shut up. I've only got the one. I have to make sure she's not just out to change his oil," he says, grinning, innuendo in his voice, and Castiel nearly chokes on his wine, and it's the most inelegant thing Dean's ever see him do.
That is way back, but Castiel remembers clearly, sharply. He remembers a hand on his shoulder; he remembers his tie being adjusted; he remembers the sense of teamwork, of a partnership, of a friendship. He remembers a smile, and a laugh, that he didn't understand in the moment.
Castiel doesn't have a clue what his hands are doing but doesn't care; as much as he's wanted to be in this moment, he's mostly ever wondered at what
The gravel stings in the open gash on his arm as he slides across the parking lot, the momentum of the blow dealt by the ghost sending Dean several feet back. The hunt isn’t going that great. Their idea of where the bones might be is a guess at best—somewhere on a construction site—and the ghost is fast, and wicked, and
"Damn," Jo, another grad student, says with a laugh, and she plops her Indiana Jones hat back on her head. "I feel like we should all be playing poker right now."
This is far from his first blowjob rodeo, but still, he isn't prepared for Cas's mouth, for his tongue, for the faltering rhythm that takes a minute to even itself out, but he gets there. Dean has a minute to wonder how Cas learned all this, if it was all April or the pizza man or someone else, or some combination of the above; then Cas adds a hand to the mix, and Dean doesn't have time to think about anything at all.
"That's a start," Dean says, easy now because he's found a familiar bravado, a comfortable confidence. "You say the word, okay?"
He doesn't call. Instead, he drives, taking his time, hands sweating on the steering wheel, wondering if he even deserves this anymore, but deeper inside, he knows that it's what Cas deserves. Whatever happens, he's going to repay Cas, finally. And then... well, maybe
"Did I neglect to mention that if you missed the time window, we would have -- how did you phrase it -- sick, twisted sex anywhere
He’s feeling rather pleased with himself when Dean arrives, knocking on the door even though he now has his own key. Castiel opens the door and pulls Dean in, kissing him quickly but firmly before shutting the door behind them.
Castiel doesn't know what that is, but is too busy watching the scenery as they drive, trying to piece together where he really thinks he is, to ask.
No one else mentions anything. He doesn't expect them to, and maybe it's better that way. Would he even like having a party? What would he even
By the end of it all, their dishes are empty in front of them, and they're both feeling raw, or at least Dean thinks so, judging from the way Cas's shoulders droop. They run out of words, and Cas yawns, and Dean glances at the time.
"No," he says with a deep scowl. "Don't listen to Dr. Bradbury. She just wants to see me get humiliated."
Castiel fidgets under their eyes as he pulls the paper closer to him, and he scans the list quickly once, then again, his mouth pulling into a frown.
So he should be avoiding Castiel, should be fucking booking it away from this nerdy and sometimes terrifying, all the time frustrating pain in the ass with his gravelly voice and knowing looks. But for some fucking reason he seeks Castiel out like a moth to a flame, and damned if he doesn’t feel warmer just standing near to him.
"Grading. Second drafts of the compositions." He presses his lips together and finds Castiel's eyes on him, but they quickly dart away again, shifting to just beyond Dean's shoulder as the bus rolls up.
They stare at one another, long enough for Dean to question everything, long enough for Dean to see Cas start to smile and remember: he wants this. Cas's eyes move past Dean's shoulder, and his smile grows.
"It doesn't like you when you're angry." Castiel steps back and gestures widely for Dean to come in.
for friggin' worksheets? So I had to stop playing the verb race game with them, which is really friggin' annoying because now if I want to play that game in my other class, I have to find some activity that's not a piece of crap to give to the loser class. It's pathetic."
And now Cas is pulling him to his feet, and Dean's stumbling, and he instinctually grabs Cas's arm, and his hand lights up with a fire that he isn't prepared for.
"What about you?" he asks, attempting to sort out the way Castiel's hair has managed to stick up while he slept. "What'd you do growing up?"
"I only had to call Garth, and then everyone else kind of invited themselves. We started to get worried we wouldn't have enough room." He pauses, smiling, and then he reaches out and clinks his beer bottle to Dean's. "Happy birthday."
And really, what present could Dean get for his birthday that would top the day that Jack popped into the bunker, something otherworldly, heavy,
His dad would never be okay with this, not once, not ever, but maybe he could get behind Dean tying off all his loose ends.
"I decided to repay you after all," Castiel says after a moment, a small smile at the corners of his mouth. Dean starts to argue, but he holds up a hand. "Labor for labor. I'd like to make you dinner," he says, and adds after a beat, "if that's something you would like."
"I got tired of refreshing midmorning. It feels like things are going to be alright. Shall we cook tonight?"
"Cas," he says, breaking, and he covers his eyes with his hand. Castiel's shoes scuff on his kitchen floor again, coming closer.
Dean comes out of his room to eat, and it turns out Sam doesn't have to force feed him; though he's certainly seen Dean eat with more relish than this, he does finish what Sam brings him. He retreats back to his room soon after Sam starts to get drunk, as he'd wanted. Castiel asks Hannah to stay with Sam while he goes to check on Dean. Secretly, he hopes that they might bond. If Hannah is to be his companion for a time, why shouldn't Hannah and Sam befriend one another?
After the fifth time Sam rubs over his eyes and yawns like his jaw's about to crack off, Dean announces it's time to call it quits on the research for the evening. It'll keep till the morning, and they need their regulation four hours.
. Fine." He stands and adjusts his pants, and Dean watches because he can't help it; Castiel's flushed and grinning and pointing to the door. "Get out of my house."
But Kevin calls because he'd been half-asleep, drooling on his history book, and he'd gone along with what he'd thought was a prank call, but now there are people trying to set up a meeting about how to stage this press conference for President Shurley, and Kevin doesn't think it's a prank call after all.
"Let me get this straight. You think that was his moment of pure happiness?" She lifts her eyebrows. "You think
Dean sets his phone next to his forgotten beer and shrugs, pulling a casual look. “Don’t know. Said he had to go. ‘Angel business,’” he says, mocking Castiel’s deep voice. Sam is unconvinced, but Dean picks his beer up again and the remote too, resolving to find something decent to watch. “I thought for a second you found a mermaid in the bottom of the pool. I was about to send a search party in after you.”
"So, your advice is to hire 'some kid'?" Castiel's smiling now, a real one, and Dean thinks it looks good on him.
Whatever he and Castiel have, it’s fucking electric in a big way, and he doesn’t really know how to deal with it.
"I know that." Castiel's eyes are fixed on him, holding him to his spot. "I recognize that you're apologetic for what happened. I accept that. What concerns me, Dean, is where are we to go from here? I don't want to be the boyfriend you pretend doesn't exist, let alone never talk about. What would've happened if we hadn't been outed at the party, Dean?" Castiel pauses, tilts his head, but his eyes never waver from Dean's face. "I don't want to be your big gay experiment."
"Not in frilly shirts."  He runs his palm over the front of Castiel's shirt to demonstrate, and Castiel's hands tighten on his hips.
"Anything else?" Dean sees the ghost of a smirk on Castiel's lips, and he grins too as he snakes a hand along Castiel's side and up his chest, seeking to feel his warmth through his clothes.
"That's quite the car," Castiel says as Dean approaches, and he casts a proud smile over his shoulder at her.
He forgets about his birthday every year until he looks around and realizes it's January, and then he usually forgets about it a few more times after that, half on accident, half on purpose, like he's putting something on a shelf and shoving it to the back so he doesn't have to look at it anymore. It's the kind of thing they've stopped marking regularly because it's not like they ever did a great job at holidays, at celebrations, the way they should've when they were kids, so there's nothing nostalgic about it. Anyway, half the time they're elbows-deep in the middle of the newest flavor of apocalypse so it isn't like they have time to stop and sing around a cake. It isn't like they have something to celebrate.
"Look. I'm famous now, Sam." Sam snorts, but Dean presses on. "So I wanna go, you know, for the business."
And remains silent. The wind rustles the leaves, the sound deafening. Sam finally cracks a smile and steps forward; his hand lands on Dean's shoulder, and his other on Castiel. He looks between them, silent, smiling, gives their shoulders a squeeze, and then steps off the porch.
"So..." Sam is looking down at the table, trying to map it all out in his head, like a case he's trying to solve. "What happened? You told him, and he--?" He breaks off, and Dean can hear the wheels turning because the both of them know that that's the least likely scenario. Instead, he hears Sam inhale sharply again, and Dean closes his eyes to another realization that he doesn't want to hear. "No. He told
When Dean goes to eat dinner at the table, Cas is there, book in his hand, head tilted as he turns a page. He doesn't look up at Dean as he sits, but Dean watches Cas like he’s a bomb about to go off. Dean could say something; Dean
Castiel’s eyes shift to an area above Dean’s shoulder, and then he roughly shoves Dean out of the way and shoots again. He quickly reloads, pulling the rounds from his pocket. “You dropped your weapon.”
"Oh, sure. He's a genius. It's girls that give him trouble." Castiel's chuckle rumbles through Dean's cheek, and a hand slides against his hip, squeezing gently.
It feels as someone would expect if they just had the basics explained to them: Cas is inexperienced with this, but damn if he isn't trying his enthusiastic best. Dean's mind is mercifully blank now, and when his hand finds Cas's hair, it's all on its own accord. Then there's a hand involved, and an impressive amount of synchronization, and soon enough experience doesn't matter that much because Dean is muttering a warning.
It's Dean's turn to feel the urge to whimper uncoolly; he scrapes his teeth against Castiel's perpetual stubble instead, biting a faint mark that will be gone, totally, before Castiel has to teach again. His breath hitches, and then Castiel's fingers are in his hair, and he tugs Dean up into a hungry kiss. It's really their first, good-and-proper kiss since Castiel's plane landed, and neither of them is in a great rush to bring it to an end. Dean hitches Castiel's shirt up, claims the skin underneath for his own with his thumb, tracing the lines of Castiel's ribs.
He sighs hard, fidgets, winces, watches as Cas half-reaches for him and then stops. "I dunno, it's like-- It's like, I'm me again, full fledged, human, and it's all back on the table, all those human things like dying tomorrow and just..." He trails off instead of snapping his fingers. "Just, that's it, you know? I could be dead, and we've got a new apocalypse up and running, and some things just... don't seem that big of a deal. And other things do."
“I know. You already do that.” Castiel takes his hand away, but his voice had been matter-of-fact. “You are wrong though, Dean.” At Dean’s questioning look, Castiel only stares back, with the kind of serene confidence that he’s seen in his eyes when Castiel used to talk about God. “I believe it falls to you to pull me from this Pit, as I once pulled you from yours.”
“You are ashamed of your actions.” It’s half a question, and Dean sighs again, leaning back against the headboard. He looks resolutely ahead because this conversation is easier when he doesn’t have to look at anyone.
Castiel’s head is tilted at him like he’s waiting for Dean to come to this conclusion, and hell, maybe he is—maybe he has been for a while. He stays stock still as Dean leans in to kiss him with the passion that quietly hums in the background of their conversations only starting to surface. Dean sits back and Castiel’s still like a fucking puppy, his head tilted and his lips parted, wetter.
They follow the trail of people making their way past stalls and tents, eating their way up the path, with Sam and Dean making half-awkward conversation, and Castiel only half-participating. The crowd gets thicker as they get nearer the midway, with the games and the really good food, and the people shouting to get you over to their stall. The crowd pushes the three of them together, and more than once Dean feels Castiel’s hand at his lower back, just the briefest touch, before it retreats.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, glances away, back again. Cas is watching him closely, eyes narrowed, head tilted, and it's a gut punch because that look sends Dean back over the years, dozens and hundreds of little moments, conversations, arguments, angry words, and desperate ones too. When he pushes the door open and grabs Cas up in a kiss, again, Cas hesitates, then relents.
Once they seem to have a handle on themselves, they break apart, and Dean looks up into those blue eyes, all hazed over with lust and affection; Dean can't even pretend that doesn't send a bolt of heat all the way through him. They're even more unnerving and glorious from up close. No, they're
, so he keeps going, sliding home. When he bottoms out, there’s a flicker of pain, but Castiel clenches his jaw, and then his face smoothes out, and Castiel moans, a deep, throaty sound, utterly luxuriant, and utterly relieving.
"We can move as slow as you need to, Dean," Castiel murmurs, and his voice rumbles in his chest, vibrates against Dean. "But not so slow that we wind up going backwards."
"I've been thinking about that for long enough," Cas breathes against his lips, and Dean murmurs a semi-intelligible response before he leans in for more, twisting to get closer. They lose themselves in the tangle of their mouths, making out like they
Why shouldn't he like it when they're finally laying in bed, Cas on top of him, and Cas is doing something to Dean's neck that's making him grab at the sheet and wonder where the fuck he even learned that? Why shouldn't he like it when Cas begins exploring his body like he already knows every inch of it? (And, Dean wonders, doesn't he?)
"I'll be there," Cas says finally, and Dean's face lights up with a grin that hurts his cheeks, and that's not the coolest reaction he could've had, but he's not mad about it.
"You realize even if you do guess, I'm not going to tell you?" Dean points out, and Castiel just shrugs. Dean relents with a sigh. "Nope. Other side of the pond. Though one year I
Castiel’s momentarily taken aback, but by the time Sam approaches, his expression’s evened out to his usual neutral, distant look. Something tightens in Dean’s chest to see it return, but it’s for the best, for now, at least until Sam gets clued in.
He's still chuckling at his own joke when Castiel walks in. He can call him that because they're actually not that far apart in age, and Castiel only teaches undergrads, and that's how Castiel introduced himself to him, but Dean doesn't exactly feel like his colleague. He really isn't yet -- but fingers crossed that he'll be a step closer when the department gives him his MA after they finish handing him his ass in the oral exams.
Dean rolls his eyes and reaches for Castiel to pull him down. "I can work with it," he breathes before he kisses Castiel again, Castiel rising to meet him. He isn't exactly thrilled about the idea of waiting for his boner to go away before he can go home, so he tones down the intensity. Castiel seems to have the same idea, and their kisses turn slow, sensual, exploring.
Cas grins, wry, a twitch to the corner of his mouth, and he brings his finger up to trace the line of Dean's jaw.
Dean lifts his head, eying Sam, but there's nothing judgmental in his tone; it's all curiosity, and Dean presses his lips together, giving a tight nod.
“Well. I like yours better,” Dean mumbles, turning back to the TV. There’s a beat wherein Anna beats the everloving shit out of that bird toy, and then Castiel’s fingers pause in his hair.
"That the kind of extra credit you offer all your students?" Dean doesn't have the same ability to sound as calm and cool as Castiel does, and Castiel smiles at him over his shoulder before he reaches for the Cheerios that Dean keeps there specifically for Castiel now. (Dean likes Lucky Charms.)
Finally, finally, that soft, gentle look of acceptance bleeds out of Cas's eyes. His jaw sets, his back straightens. Dean's almost relieved.
At least if they did, there’d be an angel waiting for them back at the room to make it all better. Or, well, he would if he could.
He'd forgotten that card has his actual birthday on it. It's the first time anyone said that to him today, and it's almost weird to hear it. He feels himself getting pink again, half glancing at Cas, wondering now if Cas is going to make a thing of it, if Cas is going to be annoyed he'd forgotten, or that Dean hadn't mentioned it.
"Tell him I say hi!" Garth yells into the phone, and Dean quickly jerks it away from his ear, Cas watching Dean's exasperation mount with a disgusting fondness. Dork. He's still getting used to this, these moments when he feels overwhelmed with a recognition of what they have and there aren't any negative feelings waiting to take over.
Dean's been sitting with that phone call with Garth for a couple days, wanting to tell himself it was a 2am mistake, but that voice is getting quieter. Seeing Sam in the bunker again, Dean tries to picture Cas here, tries to imagine the three of them, a family again, and how much that would or wouldn't fit. Dean can picture clearly how his dad would react, but his dad isn't here, and Sam is not their father.
“Wait till you see it at night,” he offers, sounding hopeful. Castiel turns that dead gaze on him, but Dean can see something in there, at least. A hint of interest. “They’ll turn all the lights on, and this place will look like a Christmas tree.”
"That's blasphemy, Dean," Castiel says, and he tilts his head. Dean isn't sure what the appraising look is for, but it's making him forget the room around them and then remember it again with painful clarity.
, meant being Mr. Winchester, and Dean frankly didn't have the energy to keep up the act between classes. It was even, at times, suffocating, being closed in by cinder block walls, tucked back in the corner behind the semi-broken desk that he'd inherited, alone in an artificially bright, fluorescent room. For the first few years that Dean worked here, he was alone when he went home, too, with Cas still back at the university. They swapped weekends driving to see each other, they texted all day long, but really it just felt like Dean traded one set of four white walls for another.
But it turns out it's time to get back to work, and Dean doesn't get to ask about what other scenarios Cas knows or doesn't know, or which ones he might like to know, and if he'd like to get to know them with Dean sometime, maybe.
Cas sits back and rests his arms on the chair, looking out at the sunset that Dean guesses he'd helped make, and still Dean has nothing to say.
