“I don’t even go to school and I know it,” Clint comments as he passes by them to enter the kitchen and Steve rolls his eyes at Clint’s shit-eating grin.
"You're the Winter King." The man says. His dark eyelashes are even prettier now that they frame warm brown eyes, and he's watching Steve with a peculiar look on his handsome face.
“Shut up and go back to discussing knife brands, you psychos” Tony responds, plopping himself down on the couch with a huff and the room rings with their laughter.
“About half a century ago, my father - the Summer King - was attacked by one of his trusted advisors in an attempt at a takeover. He was working with dark magic, was imprisoned, but not before some casualties. I was one of the people that got caught in the crossfire.”
Even more amusingly, Tony the AI seems to be able to work even faster than human Tony, even more efficient, because he can run simultaneous calculations all while he’s snarking at Steve over his welding technique.
Steve shrugs, taking a sip of his drink. “Well, I guess you never know. When you gotta PSA, you gotta PSA.” he gives the three of them the blandest smile he can muster and Harley makes a grunting noise, pointing at Steve.
“Sure.” Bucky clears his throat after a moment. “Why don’t we talk about how Winter kicked all of y’all’s
It’s been about five days after the little incident, and as predicted, Steve’s burns have healed up nicely, leaving behind pink and unblemished skin. The last few days have been rather uneventful, Steve taken off from his usual duties in running training and instead being fussed over by everyone. Now he knows how Peter felt, going a little bit stir crazy. The only really exciting thing that had happened was that Thor had finally called them back, able to now get reception from wherever in the universe he’s calling from.
“Thanks,” he says, flipping a pancake over expertly. “Latest fashion. All the hip and cool kids are wearing them.”
“Electric jolts weaken it,” he reports as he throws himself back in, fully utilizing the staff now that he knows exactly what it can do. “Only briefly though,” he mentions, as he watches the portions he zapped recover and reform into the main mass without problem. He spins the staff expertly, having learned a thing or two from Okoye during his brief stops in Wakanda those years he was running from the government, levers himself up and over a portion of the behemoth, slashes through it neatly, lands.
Tony hums. "You're right, he does, daughter mine. Which he's going to level directly at you two when he finds out what mischief you've been up to. Why were you hiding in a closet?" Tony crouches down. "That is the
He sits there by the lake afterwards in quiet contemplation, staring down at the clear water, dappled with light and reflecting the gentle sway of the canopy above as a breeze whistles through, calm and peaceful.
“Quick, hide all the chairs!” Harley wails, and they dissolve into laughter again, Steve included this time.
“The fire could get re-ignited.” Bruce finishes for him, tense. “This isn’t good. I’m gonna let Sam and Bucky know, I managed to reach them earlier to tell them about your condition, but they should be on the lookout for this as well.”
“No kidding,” he answers, voice a weak croak, and he wipes at his face again, the tears drying on his cheeks, realizes now how gross he feels, still not changed out of his ripped and battered SHIELD uniform, tired and sweaty. He’s very glad the AI doesn’t have a sense of smell, because Steve can’t imagine he’s very pleasant to be around right now.
Steve wakes up at around five am to see all the official Avengers, plus Harley(the unofficial Avenger), sprawled out around the living room, all fast asleep. Bruce seems to have somehow migrated to the floor sometime in the middle of the night, curled around a throw blanket. Peter is drooling on Harley’s shoulder. Scott is passed out on the coffee table. Wanda is pretty much the only one sleeping somewhat normally, curled up tightly on an armchair.
!” is the first thing Peter says, his voice almost a shriek, and then he rushes forward to give Steve a one armed hug, taking care to avoid his bandages. Steve stumbles back a couple steps, surprised, before he laughs softly and gives Peter a hug back.
” and Tony throws his hands up in exasperation. “What else would you have me call it?” he asks and Steve nods at that because, okay, fair point.
Steve raises an eyebrow, amused at the mental image, but shakes his head. “Not looking to get the shield back. I'm not Captain America anymore, I'm just-”
“I did not.” Bucky grumbles as he walks over to stand beside them. Sam gives him an unconvinced look, and Bucky squints back at him. “You drop kick one measly informant and suddenly you ‘almost-blew-our-cover’”
People all over are holding memorials for him, and the channels are all broadcasting the various ceremonies. All in honour of Tony.
He nods at them reassuringly before he leaves, and Rhodey’s the nearest to him, so he smiles and gives him a friendly slap on the back before he walks forward to where Morgan and Tony have joined Peter and Harley on the couch, Pepper and Happy following behind.
He walks around, moving past holographic work tables, and sees all the Iron Man suits, lining the walls of the lab in their own compartments. When he walks past them, one by one, the lights over each suit click on. The armours gleam, that familiar burnished gold and cherry-red, each one labeled, Mark II, III, IV and onward…
He still doesn’t remember too much of the events leading up to this, but certain memories have been trickling back in increments, as the cold retreats slowly from Steve’s skin, and the vines settle in and burrow deeper.
Tony’s rant ends on an offended shriek and at this point Steve is failing horribly at keeping his hysteria in.
, and it hurts, a old wound torn open, jagged edges and ripped vulnerable skin, because this is just bringing back old memories full force, and he doesn’t even have words to describe how it feels, knowing that Tony is looking after them even beyond the grave, and that he has this one little piece of Tony left that’s not even the
And quite suddenly, Steve is impatient, so impatient to see everyone else, to see his kingdom and his people.
Steve looks up in surprise. At this point he’s had quite enough of being bed ridden, so he’s taken to pacing around in front of the window, much to the protest of Bruce, Clint and Pepper.
Tony, and I don’t know either, what would’ve happened, but there’s no use in dwelling on that when everything turned out alright. You saved me, so here is me saying thank you
you if I had any shred of decency left.” Tony murmurs. “I see your people freezing now, and I should be doing more to help your kingdom, I should be doing more to figure out what happened, instead of following you all day, jabbering in your ear. You met me once before, did you know? I was only a child then, still vying for Howard’s attention, yet now I’ve aged to rival you, but you haven’t changed at all. I wonder if you’ve been frozen in time like this for close to a century now, not truly alive.”
Iron Man, and asking him to give that up is like cutting out a fundamental piece of himself.” Pepper shakes her head at herself angrily, face flushed with tears. “It was subconscious I guess, but it always felt like he was choosing it over me, and I resented him sometimes when he spent all his time in that lab, fixing the armour, designing weapons for the Avengers, and it was petty and horrible but it was how I felt. And I made things so much harder for him without even realizing it.”
Natasha drags him up to one of the empty windows where a teenage girl dressed completely in white is sitting, typing something up on a sleek desktop computer. She looks up when they approach, and gives them a huge smile. She’s wearing a “Hello my name is” sticker that dubs her name as Addilynn.
to use the armour, there’s probably nothing on this Earth that could stop him, so the point would be entirely moot, but the question here is...whether or not to ask him to come in.
Steve huffs in response, letting a small grin replace his frown. “There is no Captain America voice. Captain America, aka one Sam Wilson is working undercover right now.”
So instead he picks up Morgan from school when she starts kindergarten a year early, drives her to extracurricular activities and babysits when Pepper, Happy and Rhodey are too busy with Stark Industries and the Air Force respectively to do it. He washes dishes and cooks meals, draws in his sketchbook down by the lake (resolutely ignoring the fact that almost all of his pictures seem to turn into a sketch of Tony at some point or another), talks to FRIDAY when he’s the only one in the house and the silence gets oppressive, and life is not exactly good, not with the ache that still echoes behind Steve’s ribs. But it isn’t horrible either.
Steve shakes his head, “I don’t think that part matters as much. Relationships are difficult and you were still good for him. You guys worked it out. He loved you with all he had.” he gives her a smile. “Marital bliss.” and Pepper laughs wetly.
He has those days where Steve doesn’t want to stay inside his own head, where he wants to be around laughter and human company, so after a moment of contemplation, he finally tilts his head back to direct his next question at the ceiling.
“Yet you don’t know anything about us? No memories? None of Tony’s experiences?” Bruce finishes, tapping away at his screen as he looks through the AI’s systems.
.” He gives Tony an innocent look, smiling mildly. “No don’t give me that smile, it’s too late. I’m disillusioned. You’ve tarnished your wholesome reputation. Dishonour on you, dishonour on your cow and all that.”
The three of them do end up tracking down Peggy, and they all go and visit her, with Tony and Nat making small talk with her husband, who is actually a delightfully funny and a down to Earth sort of guy, as Steve and Peggy have a conversation in private.
wasn’t because of you either okay? The insecurity, it was just…” Tony looks away awkwardly, shrugging. “...my own hang-ups I guess.”
“Then I met Pepper, and I fell for her harder than I ever thought possible. It was after my father’s death, after he was killed at the borders of your kingdom. Pepper was already married though, and to one of my best friends no less. I couldn’t do that to him. Things didn’t seem so ridiculous anymore when I started hacking up rose petals.”
Steve hums, his previous worry over Tony’s state rushing back. It probably shows quite a bit in his voice, further confirmed when Pepper continues talking.
"Why are you thanking me," Steve asks, voice incredulous. "This is like basic courtesy that I couldn't even be bothered to show you-" and then suddenly Tony's laughing at him, and Steve stops talking because the sound is wonderful.
Sam doesn’t even blink, gives them a blank cursory glance and heads off to his other duties. After a moment Bucky and Nat follow, leaving Steve there without a word.
Steve knows, without even having to ask, that he’s the last that remembers. The streets had been filled with stories once, at first in fun, and then in desperation. They had faded with the passage of time. He wasn't exempt from it, that desperation. Steve had spoken about it before, with Nat, Sam and Bucky, retold the stories over and over, a last ditch attempt to hold onto them.  They held on the longest, they’ve tried with all they had, but the light finally died out months ago, and one night Steve had received blank looks in return when he had asked. Just like every one of his people out on the street.
He watches them place the wreath for him in the water, and he sees Rhodey and his beautiful wife Pepper and his amazing daughter, both of whom he loves so much it hurts, and Happy and Clint and Sam and Bucky and Bruce and Thor and Steve, oh God
Pepper rolls her eyes everytime she asks and he says no he hasn't yet. Rhodey tells him over the phone to get off his patriotic ass and just do it.
Steve, Tony and Natasha laughed themselves silly as they tailed Happy and Pepper throughout the compound, wreaking havoc, and then leaving as quick as they came without anyone being the wiser.
, Steve!" Tony had said, as if that was supposed to mean anything to him. The intricate details of the wood had been buried under a thick layer of ice anyways, but Tony still seemed offended so Steve had shrugged and dragged back some fallen branches from outside. Tony had done the same after that, every time the fire had grown low.
He arrives at Nat’s location first, and has to sit down for a bit at the sight of her placid and empty face, hair no longer vivid red now that it’s turned to ice.
They have a tentative idea on what the substance is, although no one is really able to get a proper look, with how the thing is trying to, y'know, kill all of them.
“Yes, good, you go do that, he likes Captain America. I’m just gonna be here with Tony, doing...science things.”
There are days where Pepper will see a trinket or a tool of some sort sitting around and will break down, shattered glass and crying on linoleum floors, and Steve, Happy and occasionally Rhodey will be there, to try and pick up the pieces despite how broken they are themselves.
He shakes himself out of the spiral and quickly taps out of the year before he does something inadvisable in his grief.
Steve wonders if he’ll go where they’ve gone when he dies, or if they’re just trapped, forever in ice. He wonders if there was ever any hope of saving his people from this fate.
“Well...yeah I’d say it is. You’re all his family. If anyone should, it’s you.” Pepper doesn’t reply immediately and sighs instead, looking out of the window where they can hear the drift of Morgan’s happy laughter.
“Hey man,” it’s Sam, peering at him worriedly. “You alright? We heard about the second attack from Bruce. The so-called Winter Soldier here almost blew our cover when we got the news.”
The wind stops suddenly and Steve can see through the streaming of his eyes. He’s standing in the border forest of snowy trees on the edge of his kingdom, swaying in place because even as the blizzard was tearing away at him, it had been keeping him upright.
The only difference is, this lab is completely silent, absent of life and movement, and it seems wrong somehow, because Tony’s workplace had always been loud, the whirring of helper bots, the drone of JARVIS and later on Friday bantering with Tony in the background, the clanking of machinery manufacture, Tony blasting AC/DC…
"Just accept it." Tony sighed, gently patting Steve's shoulder. The blond let out a huff, but nodded. It was no use arguing to Tony about things like that. There would never be an end to that.
Tony pulled away, entering a living room that vaguely looked like a grandma threw up on it. An inhale, exhale, and somehow his voice was still shaky, "What do you want, Rogers?"
"You needed that for so long, didn't you Steve? Someone to take care of, someone to hold." Tony whispered into Steve's ear, kissing all over his face, until their lips met in another fierce play of tongues. And really, Tony was right. For so long Steve was just alone, all by himself. All he wanted was to hold someone, to make someone else feel good, to care for someone who wanted to be with him. Steve wanted all of that, and so much more. After all this time Tony was the first and the only person who gave that to him. He trusted Steve with taking care of him, trusted him with his most vulnerable side.
He'd suggested sleeping on the couch, it wouldn't be a problem, but Tony insisted. Nobody approaching a fight like this should sleep on a sofa. He was right, of course, but Steve doubted he'd be able to get a lot of sleep like that anyways. Sure, he shared beds with his comrades during war as well, but it was different. They weren't Tony! Infuriating, extravagant, impressive Tony.
Steve's brows furrowed in anguish, and he opened his mouth, but Tony interrupted him, "It's fine." His breath hitched, "I don't know what I would've done in your position, maybe I would've done the same. But… we're over. We can't pretend that this didn't happen. Just— leave me alone, please."
The kiss had an entirely different quality to it now, just as passionate but now full of a visceral need. It was rougher, their teeth clacking against the other, and there was the coppery tang of blood now. Tony couldn't tell who's lips they were from at this point, they felt too interconnected.
"Yeah?" Steve panted, and Tony licked his lips, whimpered, watching as a bead of sweat dripped down Steve's neck. He wanted to lick it up, taste his neck and bite his own marks into the porcelain skin.
"It's not?" Tony whispered furiously, "It's not?!" He let out a hysterical laugh, eyes burning. He couldn't pretend to be unaffected anymore, "What's not true? That you left me in Siberia? Alone? Or that you're a hypocrite? Or that you don't care? At all?"
To his own shock, a tear suddenly ran down his cheek. It was a tear for everything he had lost, everyone he left behind, all those dreams he could never make come true.
Everything turned white. Tony screamed out his release, convulsing in Steve's arms of thick ropes of cum shot out of his dick, making a mess of both their chests. Steve moaned quietly, before his thrusts turned even more erratic. One thrust, two thrusts, and then Steve had to lean against Tony to hold himself up, practically collapsing.
"Not really." Steve grimaced, finishing off his sandwich, with a quick glance at the clock. It's been about 20 minutes since Tony went to the room they'd be sharing - 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘣𝘦𝘥- to go get a shower. He should probably be done by now. Natasha and Bruce were already off, also bunking with each other. Laura and the kids were probably upstairs and Steve figured Clint would leave soon as well. Leaving Steve with Tony.
The dumbstruck look on Tony's face was worth drawing, really. "Of course you're my friend, Captain Oblivious. I made you a new suit!" Tony answered, furrowing his brows even more. Steve had the sudden urge to flatten out that frown with his fingers.
"No!" Tony burst out immediately, letting out a groan. "Can you stop being all goody-two-shoe's for one damn time." he added, basically throwing himself on the bed.
He threw his hands up in the air, exasperated. God, Steve fucking Rogers. Somehow, he had been expecting that.
There was a moment of silence, but then Rogers broke it with a ragged breath. Steve's face crumpled, and Tony gritted his teeth, hating the way that the expression tugged on his heart strings. Like a fucking kicked puppy. Tony could never say no to that look, and that was the problem.
Steve's hand snaked in between their bodies, swatting Tony's hand away to get a grip on his cock. He tugged on him in the same rhythm as his thrusts that went deeper than ever before. Soon enough Tony's whole body stilled, before shaking and then he was spilling in between them. Hot spurts of white come tainted both of their chests and Steve just kept on thrusting inside of Tony's loose and pliant body. "So… Beauti-ful." he murmured, feeling Tony's walls tighten around him and that was it. Only a few more half thrusts later, Steve was coming inside of Tony, filling him up on the inside.
Another searching look, and Steve's shoulders loosened. It was like a whole weight had been lifted off of him.
The house was unassuming. Quintessential white suburban mom exterior— a brick porch, a barely off-white vinyl, good curb appeal. It was the type of house where you wouldn't be pressed to see children playing in the front yard, laughing as they ran through sprinklers, their parents, most likely named Bob and Sheryl, watching on fondly. Maybe a sign in the corner of the lawn that would say to vote for the Republican governor. Or something like that.
Steve spat in his hand again, and pressed his fingers inside. It wasn't enough, even the girth of three fingers not enough to satisfy the emptiness inside. Once Steve slid out, he could only clench needily on the copious amounts of saliva. He could hear the small splatters as Tony dripped, from his ass or cock— he didn't know, onto the floor, "You've done it before."
Steve let out a predatory growl, and holy fuck that was the hottest thing Tony had ever heard. He shook, and oh god he was close, he was so close. He tightened around Steve, almost painfully, breath leaving him in a pained exhale as he curled in on himself.
"Don't question it and come back here." Tony grinned, wagging his eyebrows at Steve. The blond didn't have to be told twice. He quickly shucked off his own pants and boxers before finally taking a good look at Tony. He was beautiful like this, laying completely naked and vulnerable in front of, no, underneath Steve. There was a sheen of sweat surrounding him and his skin was flushed in the most attractive shade of red anyone could think of. Steve was currently straddling Tony's thighs, taking in his beautifully flushed cock. The tip was purple, the whole length incredibly hard.
"You left me there. The video continued playing, you know that? I was stuck in that deactivated suit of mine, courtesy of you, and I had to listen to that. For hours, barely able to breathe because you fucking caved my chest in."
"Liar," Tony breathed, fascinated,  "You never thought I could do anything right. That's the thing Rogers, you pretend to be inclusive, trusting, and maybe you are, but not to me. Never to me. You never once trusted me, not when it came to the Accords—"
That was Tony's first impression. Or well, that was a lie. His first impression was simply a feeling of wariness, of his hackles raising and body tensing— because he still remembered
Steve made quick work of his ass, another finger squeezing its way inside the constriction, spit making a barely sufficient lube. It burned a little. Tony liked it though, wanting it that way. It detracted from the intimate nature of the activity. "More," Tony got out, quaking in his hold, especially when he found his prostate and mercilessly took advantage of the spot inside of him. It was always sensitive, almost painfully so, "
"Wanna keep me safe from any robbers. Oh how noble of you Rogers." Tony remarked. Steve rolled his eyes somewhat fondly as he made his way over to the bed. He sat down on the side at first, testing the firmness of the mattress and pushing up the pillows a bit. He could feel Tony's eyes on him, Steve saw the way Tony twisted his fingers, anxiously darting his eyes around. Why was he that nervous? Did sleeping next to Steve sound like such a hardship?
"Hey Steve, I took a shower already so it's free for you now." the voice came from beside the bed instead. Steve quickly schooled his face to hide the disappointment of not waking up next to Tony. "Uhm, yeah. Thank you." he rasped, running a hand over his face.
After another 20 minutes of silence Steve was pretty sure Tony had fallen asleep, when suddenly he spoke up once again. His voice seemed a lot closer now, but Steve didn't dare looking away from the ceiling.
"I would never." Steve answered quietly, running his hand through Tony's hair with a tenderness he wasn't even sure he had in him still. The blond couldn't think about how true his statement was, that he would never leave Tony. It was scaring him that those feelings he had tried to suppress ever since they met on the helicarrier were all laid out on the table now. "I've got you." Steve added instead, wanting to at least give Tony this one night of security, evening Tony didn't want this the next morning. Soon enough Tony was asleep on Steve's chest and the blond followed suit, being lulled into the cottony feeling of sleep.
"Yeah, I'm alright, just thinking of ways to go now." he answered with a smile, that didn't quite reach his eyes.
"It's Steve," he muttered, and Tony could only manage a strangled hum, "It's Steve." His tone made the importance of the statement obvious. But Tony didn't hear it.
Tony's breath hitched, and he thumbed at his watch, letting the feel of the cool metal slow his racing heart rate, because no matter what happens; he has a defense. Against what ever may be on the other side of that maroon red door. Even if it wasn't the complete suit, just a gauntlet, the activation would call the nearest suit over to his location.
“Pants,” he panted, “Off.” Tony gyrated some more, feeling ridiculously wanton and desperate, and Steve understood. He squeezed his ass before his fingers caught on the waistline. He began pulling them down, letting Tony stand for a moment to fully pull them off along with his boxers; then finally leaving them forgotten on the floor. Tony didn’t have time to mourn for the expensive jeans dirtying on the dusty hardwood when Steve captured his lips again. Tony groaned. A jolt of arousal shot through him when he realized that Steve was still fully clothed, while he remained buckass nude.
his prostate. The slaps of their bodies echoed through the hallway. Tony moaned, high-pitched and needy as Steve increased his pace. He didn't even feel the burning stretch anymore. He just felt nice and pleasantly
Being here in Clint's home with that exact life showed Steve that no, he could never have that. It was an idle dream. He wasn't someone who could just settle down. Much like Clint he'd always go back to fighting the good fight. He'd always go help people. As long as he had these powers - and it didn't seem like they'd go away any time soon- he was responsible, to help. He had to or otherwise he'd feel guilty for the rest of his life. He couldn't just abandon his family though either. He couldn't put them through the constant fear of losing him. No, Steve Rogers wasn't meant to have a family life.
Either way, it wasn't good. Especially since the only message was to meet at this location— at an eerily pristine house straight out of a sitcom.
If any of their team members saw Tony's marks, if any of them felt the tension between the two, or if any of them noticed Steve's red rimmed eyes, then they did a good job at pretending they didn't.
"Sorry, sorry," he muttered, not sorry at all. Tony laughed, turning into a long moan halfway through. Steve's knee lifted, pressing a strong and sturdy thigh against Tony's clothed groin. The pressure and friction was
After cleaning himself off with a towel and some water, Steve wet a washcloth and walked back to Tony on the bed. He gently wiped along his chest, down to his crotch and then lifted Tony's legs slightly to clean his entrance as well. The sight of his own come drooping out of Tony made his mouth water, cock jolt in an attempt to get hard again. He had to resist pushing the come back in with his finger.
His tone was venomous, but Steve didn't seem to rise to it, only thinning his lips, his baby blue eyes piercing Tony's very soul, "I saw what happened on the news. They say it was a miracle you didn't die."
And not even a second later, the door opened. Tony startled, face to face with Captain America, the golden boy himself, Steve Rogers.
A short, breathless chuckle could be heard from Steve, but Tony didn't seem to mind. He kept on talking and talking about how beautiful Steve's body was, how he could crush a melon with those pecs, how Tony was going to devour him. Steve was especially fond of that last part.
"Well sorry for being considerate." Steve grumbled, taking off his socks first, while Tony was already getting under the covers. There was no answer so Steve figured Tony was probably too tired for an argument right then. Good for Steve, because he wasn't sure he could hold back screaming at Tony at that point and it really wouldn't be very considerate towards the kids anymore then. The Captain leaned over to turn off the faint light above them, before laying down as well, pulling the comforter up a tiny bit more. It was really warm underneath, with Tony's body warmth heating him up even more. It was a weird feeling, sleeping next to someone else again. To tell the truth, he kind of enjoyed it though. It felt a lot less lonely and after the vision… He could probably need some company.
"I really think that. Steve you have to see that you're a wonderful person and I don't want anything to happen to you ever." Tony added with an intensity, honesty that made Steve shiver.
A trail of saliva began to drool out of Tony's mouth, and Tony felt the fingertips all the way in the back of his throat. Finally, they slid out, brushing against his swollen lips and spreading the spit there.
"Just because you made me something doesn't mean you like me." Steve retorted with a shrug, chewing on his lower lip. Did Tony really like him, when all this time he thought…
The soldier ground down his hips once, twice, trailing wet kisses along Tony's neck. He sucked in the skin right behind Tony's ear, leaving a dark violet mark there. Tony moaned. "Dammit Steve. You're gonna kill me here." he gasped out, grinding his hips back against Steve's and thus creating some delicious friction between them.
Tony waited by the door, hand on the doorknob. His fingers clenched, "That's it? You're letting me go?"
Thankfully, it was in the middle of a dull as fuck meeting, so it was genuinely a life saver. Looks like death by brain bleed would have to wait another day.
"Fuck, look at you," he whispered, "Fucking gorgeous." Steve moaned around the nipple, his fingers tightening on his ass at the praise, before he bit down. Tony will forever deny that he had squeaked.
The two men went back to kissing each other, feeling along planes of skin, exploring one another. Every dip and curve of Tony's body seemed perfect, the arc reactor was the most beautiful piece of technology Steve had ever seen. He had to convince Tony of that a few times, but with a few caresses around the edges Tony finally relaxed. Steve slid down along his body so he could feel everything with his lips as well as with his fingers. His mouth closed around Tony's nipple, teasingly rolling it around, blowing on it and then scraping his teeth along until Tony was writhing underneath Steve. He went through the same procedure on Tony's other nipple, leaving them both cold and hard after a while.
Tony said tightly, clenching down tight, his body trying to fight against the intrusion, but to no avail. It just kept pushing and pushing. He breathed out shortly and forced his body to relax. Soon enough, the sharp burning sensation turned molten— a perfect contrast to the sensation of the new mark Steve was biting into his neck. The guttural groan the soldier muffled into his skin made Tony tremble.
Steve just waved his hand, shaking his head. "I'm perfectly fine. That girl shook me up, but it'll be alright."
To distract from his sudden shame, Steve actually dared to trail his fingers along Tony's crotch. He gently brushed his knuckles over the tip of Tony's erection, teasing him, until finally wrapping his whole hand around it. He pumped a few times, from bottom to the tip, circling the tip with his thumb to spread the wetness all over. "Steve! Your hand!" Tony groaned, bucking his hips into the tight heat of Steve's palm. The blond pressed just a bit harder, making Tony moan out his name once more. His free hand reached for the lube and Steve squeezed some of it on Tony's length, the rest on his hand. He went back to jerking Tony off, the liquid making everything so much better, easier. Steve teased every vein, alternated in pressure and flicked his wrist around the top. His free hand went down to fondle with Tony's balls. They felt heavy in his palm, fitting right there. Steve was fully concentrating on the task at hand for a few minutes, until Tony tensed up. "Yeah you're gonna have to stop now, big guy." he breathed out, surprisingly still very articulate. Steve let go off Tony's dick, not wanting him to come yet. They had more in mind.
Steve's jaw tensed, and then the wet fingers slid down, and trailed down Tony's crack. A small gasp escaped the inventor when he began to trace his entrance, and then pressed a fingertip inside. Tony tensed, clenching down on the finger like he didn't know what to do with it, but he wasn't given a choice— Steve's finger continued sliding in, and Tony couldn't help but let out a broken moan.
Tony's face reddened at the obvious squelching noises. He buried his face in Steve's chest, panting hard, letting out the occasional moan. His nails scratched down his back as he grappled for any sort of grip. Merciless, Steve's fingers went right back to his prostate and his world was enveloped in flames, in pleasure.
why you texted me?" A glare. Tony rolled his eyes, "Well, uh— not even a scratch. I'm okay, I promise."
"Oh hell yeah," he breathed, "Fuck, you feel so good." He grunted, a bead of precum forming as the rough fabric of Steve's khakis (God, he was such an old man) dragged against Tony's sensitive cock.
Steve shook his head, and Tony couldn't tell if the soldier was trembling or it was simply the film of tears over his own eyes, "No— please. I'm so, so sorry. I was just, I was just so scared, for Bucky— I didn't mean to hurt you. I wanted to tell you, but
He leaned in, and Tony's eyes widened, lips parting ever so slightly. His fingers slipped down from the metal door handle, dangling limply on his side.
Steve's lips screwed up, and he let out a soft groan, head tilting back and Tony couldn't help but give his adam's apple a wet, messy kiss.
"Move." Tony choked out after a while and Steve slowly started to slide back out, only to slam into Tony once again. Both men moaned together, while searching for any skin available to kiss. They were both littered with marks of each other. Steve's would probably go away, but not Tony's. It made something utterly possessive well up inside of him, taking over every one of his movements. He snapped his hips forward at a brutal pace then, eliciting moan after moan, swear word after swear word out of Tony. It was so good, so unbelievably good.
"But seriously Steve. You're my friend. I'm worried about you and I know how fucked up these visions are. If you need someone to talk to, well, I might not be the wisest choice, but I'm here nonetheless." Tony's voice dropped to a soft whisper when he talked and Steve felt his chest heat up. When was the last time someone directly told him they were there for him? Probably years… Decades ago.
"Is this what you want?" Steve asked, a hint of need in his tone, a need for an affirmative answer. He didn't wait for it though, and he leaned down to suck at Tony's collarbone, at the bruises there, at the ones that are obviously a day or so old, "Not a scratch, huh?" he murmured, voice reproachful. A finger traced the marks, before they went back down to Tony's ass, caressing and squeezing him through the jeans.
He slowly peeled himself away from the door, forcing his legs to cooperate. He pushed past Steve, ignoring the searing pain as he grabbed a rag from one of the baskets in the kitchen. He wiped away the mess from his face, chest, and ass before throwing it into the nearby trash can. Steve zipped up his pants.
"You know, you don't have to basically lay on the floor. It's ok if you come closer." Tony's voice cut through Steve's thoughts and he inhaled sharply. Tony was right, he was pressed uncomfortably to the side, but wouldn't it be inappropriate, to just go and get all up in Tony's space? After a moment of silence, he did as Tony told him to and scooted a little closer. The bed was small, so it was no surprise their arms and legs were touching now. A jolt of electricity went through Steve's body, but with the growing silence he managed to relax again.
Steve blinked away his tears. Tony turned his back, the aching of his lower back nothing compared to his heart.
A pause, and more hesitantly than before, Steve leaned in, only to scoop his ass with a single strong arm, his now free hand reaching to pull at Tony's shirt. Tony obligingly lifted his arms up, and it was left forgotten on the floor.
Tony could only tighten his legs around Steve's waist as the soldier began to rut against his erection. Steve pulled back, only barely, their lips brushing with every exhalation.
He steeled himself, and walked up to the door, the taps of expensive dress shoes against the concrete barely audible over the pounding of his own heart. Then, he knocked. And waited.
Nonetheless Steve extricated himself from Tony when he could breathe properly again. Steve slid off the bed landing on his feet, only for Tony to tug on his wrist. "Where ya going?" he asked, voice hoarse and an incredible vulnerability in his eyes. Steve's heart clenched at the sight.
"Peggy was there, and many others. They were dancing, drinking. Peggy said the war was over and that… That we could go home. It's just… Tony I don't have one. A home. I don't have anywhere I truly belong and I always thought I'd end up with a dame in a farmhouse just like this, but now…" his voice trailed off and he shook his head gently, forcing the moisture in his eyes away, the lump in his throat back down.
The blond let out a sigh. "If you've got that big of a problem sharing the bed I can really take the sofa. Tony I wouldn't mind."
Tony's heart throbbed at the sight, before a large, yet gentle hand gripped his shoulder and tugged him inside. The door closed with a click, and the silence turned awkward. They were just… staring, eyes roving over each other's features— guarded, but desperate to see for themselves that the other was alright. They were barely an inch from each other, the tight fit of the hallway leaving no room for personal space. Steve's hand twitched like he wanted to feel Tony for injuries.
It seemed as though he did. While Steve got up, trying to get closer to Tony, maybe bring him to talk without forcing him to, Tony had already moved to the door. He took a deep breath, giving Steve a look that came way too close to pity for him and then he left.
"I… Well, I was back in the past. My past." he started cautiously, looking for any signs of discomfort in Tony's body language. When he was sure there were none, Steve resumed. It was weird, but he really did feel like he could talk about it to Tony, here in the darkness, in the privacy of the night.
he wrapped his hand around Tony's cock. He didn't need any lube, the mess of precum leaking out of his dick more than enough.
"Fuck me," he said breathlessly, trying his best to push into the touches on his ass, but he had no leverage, "Come on, fuck me Rogers."
The tight heat that engulfed him was perfect and imagining that around his cock was enough to push some pre-cum out of his tip. He gasped at the way Tony bucked off the bed, taking his sweet time to explore Tony on the inside. The brunet was quieter than before, but he soon moved against Steve's finger so he was sure there was no pain left. "You're doing so well, Tony." Steve praised him, caressing Tony's thigh with his free hand. That seemed to make Tony's cock react, pre cum leaking steadily out of the tip. So Steve kept on praising him for 'how well he was taking Steve's finger, how beautiful he was, spread out like that for Steve.' Tony was a mess once again and Steve gave him some time to calm down every now and then, keeping him just there on the edge for a while.
Tony gave a soft moan, and the tears started forming again. He was just too overwhelmed, too suffused with sensation, with emotion. But he didn't have the heart to say no, of course not— not to Steve. And besides, it felt too good, a welcome change from the numbing monotony of day to day life. It was like he could see in color again.
Tony let out a disapproving whine as Steve pulled out his fingers, only to watch as he spat into his palm, and went back down to press a third finger. The burning sensation returned, and only intensified as he began to scissor inside of him, loosening his hole methodically.
Steve didn't deign to respond, and only huffed in amusement. His lips trailed hot, wet trails down to his nipple, sucking the nub in, laving his tongue over the hardening peak.
Steve sighed, and before Tony could scowl two long fingers pressed against his lips, sliding down his mouth and into his throat. He gagged for a moment, before he moaned around the digits.
"Oh fuck you," Steve spat, and woah, he was right up close and personal, caging Tony against the door, "The Accords are just to control us and you know it. It was never about
"Dad, come say good night." a young voice suddenly called from the stairs. Looking up, Steve saw Clint's son tapping down the stairs with a plush bear held tightly in his little arms. Clint let out a fond chuckle, before getting up, clapping Steve's shoulder and walking towards his child.
The fingers made a filthy sound as he pulled them out. Tony immediately lifted his hips as if he was trying to get those back in, but Steve used his hand to slick himself up instead. "Tony." Steve shuddered, as he stroked himself a few times, having any sort of friction for the first time since they were making out.
A moment, two moments. Steve slammed back in, and Tony bounced up the door from the force. Another thrust, and then another, setting a measured, but rapid pace.
God, it stung. It really did. Tony didn't even want to talk about it, he wanted to act as if it never happened. Steve was… He was so happy last night, fulfilled. He 𝘸𝘢𝘴𝘯'𝘵 𝘭𝘰𝘯𝘦𝘭𝘺. Yet he didn't press for any answers. He couldn't do that to Tony and really, he couldn't fight with what would essentially be a broken heart.
Steve just looked at Tony, sad and unimpressed. But there was nothing to say, nothing to do. He could either continue, or leave. It was that simple. There was nothing affectionate about this, not anymore— if you're not counting the tainted love that brought them here in the first place. It wasn't enough, especially compared to the distant memory of the warmth, the happiness, and the way they fit together like pieces of a puzzle.
Steve's eyes fluttered shut, a curse escaping his lips, before he obliged, his muscles flexing as he tugged off his shirt. Tony licked his lips, and began to trace his pics and abs, reverently.
Their lips met, and it was heaven and hell at the same time. Tony could only let out a soft groan, and give into the kiss, giving into
Tony whimpered. It felt strange, a dizziness overcoming him and melding with the need. He then started spitting out whatever saliva formed, and it dripped down his chin, making a mess of himself and
Tony's eyes widened slightly in comprehension, oh. That's what this was about. Yeah, that wasn't fun— your arc reactor shutting off in the middle of the air. Luckily, he figured out whatever electromagnetic pulse that week's villain used, and it shouldn't be a problem any more.
him, his large, strong body enveloping him and Tony felt small. Their chests were flush against the other, but Tony's was noticeably smaller, less wide than Steve's. Tony had to tilt his head up in order to kiss him, still shorter even with the boost of being lifted up— and then
"Good," he whispered, before he slicked up his cock with the saliva. He then wiped the rest on Tony's rim. The genius quaked at the touch, his grip on Steve's shoulders bruising.
As a second finger pressed against Tony's hole, Steve simultaneously leaned down to lick at Tony's slit once. He wrapped his plush lips around the darkened head, caressing the skin with his tongue. Right when Tony moaned out in pleasure, Steve pushed his second finger in, along with the first. While he scissored them, pushed deeper and stretched Tony perfectly he kept licking along his cock. Tony tasted so good, musky, manly, perfect.
However, it couldn't last, especially when Steve shifted, and Tony winced as it jostled his sore rim. The cold returned.
His way down continued, by kissing along the skin around the reactor, Tony's abdomen, his hip, the V shape before the hem of his pants. Steve hooked his fingers underneath them, as well as Tony's boxers. "Can I?" he breathed out, his dazed eyes searching for Tony's in the darkness, only slightly lit up by the faint blue glow coming from Tony's chest.
"That was…" Tony finally broke the silence. Steve nodded as an answer, pulling Tony just a little closer to his chest. It felt right, laying like this, with Tony in his arms, fitting perfectly along Steve's body. As if they were made for each other.
"You lied to me about how your best buddy murdered my parents. You're a fucking hypocrite, Steve 'sometimes my friends don't tell me things' Rogers. You left me there because you didn't trust me." Tony felt a chill settle in his blood, in his bones, and it was like he was back there— in that godforsaken Siberian bunker, raggedly breathing while having to listen to the roar of the wind, the screams of his mother, "So yes. I don't doubt that you have an ulterior motive, because there's no way in hell you care if I'm injured or not."
The washcloth soon landed on the floor as well and Steve slid back under the covers, not bothering with any clothes. Tony almost immediately cuddled up to Steve, resting his head on Steve's chest and putting an arm around his waist. Steve held him, basking in the proximity. "Don't go, ok." Tony whispered, making goosebumps spread all over Steve's skin.
He applied more of the lube on his hand, before finally tracing a finger down Tony's crack, until it caught on the rim of his entrance. With gentle hands Steve forced Tony's legs to spread. "I'm gonna prep you now." Steve whispered, for the first time aware of his own throbbing erection, begging for attention.
"No! Steve, hey, don't say that!" Tony immediately cut in after Steve's confession. "You're so much more than that. You're selfless, brave, passionate, infuriating sometimes but in the best way possible. Fighting doesn't define you. Your heart does!"
Steve felt fingers scratching at his shoulders as he swallowed almost all of Tony down, while pushing yet another finger inside. "Holy fuck, shit, Steve!" Tony moaned louder than he probably should. "There it is. Yeah, right there." Tony added and Steve brushed against the bundle of nerves with his fingers over and over again.
He positioned his tip on Tony's entrance, locking eyes with that beautiful man beneath him and finally pushed in. He couldn't stop the moan from escaping his lips as he was engulfed by Tony for the first time. Steve leaned his head down, pressing his face into Tony's neck and kissing all over. His hips pushed in further and further, Tony's legs wrapped around his waist to make it a lot easier to slide right in. Tony wasn't making any sounds but he was breathing heavier than before. As much as Steve would've wanted to look at Tony right then, see his reaction to their connection, he just couldn't get his head back up.
"Don't worry too much Steve, we'll get through this. You might want to check up on Stark though. He was restless when I passed the room earlier." Clint proposed. With that he was gone, leaving Steve all alone in the living room.
"Y-you feel so good inside me," he gasped, the heat in his abdomen and groin coiling. His ass felt loose, gaping,
The blond couldn't hold himself up anymore and only barely caught himself so he wouldn't crush Tony. He rolled on his side, cradling Tony's head to his neck and kissing the top of his head affectionately. They were both panting and unable to speak, maybe unwilling to speak.
Promptly found Tony pacing around in an uncharacteristic nervous manner. "Steve, there you are. I was just wondering what side of the bed you wanted to have, because I don't really mind. I never really had a side you know, I usually just sleep in the middle of the bed and it's a lot bigger too usually, so people would fit on my side nonetheless but-"
"Hey Cap, are you ok? You're awfully quiet over there." Clint called over from the kitchen where he was currently preparing PB and J sandwiches. Steve looked up from the carpet, straightening his back in the armchair he was sitting in and trying to come back to the present. It would only hurt to think of the future he couldn't have for too long.
"Hot damn," he said, awed. Steve looked down at Tony with an uncomfortably soft expression. The atmosphere died a little.
Tony laced on his last shoe, before he opened the door, paused, and walked out— the door closing with a pointed click, leaving Steve behind. It was the afternoon at that point, the cool air wafting against his still heated skin.
When he met Steve’s eyes again, however, his skepticism had already melted into something softer, more wondrous and promising.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says eventually. “I just...can’t, I can’t see the world like you, Steve.” His eyes are far away, fixed on something Steve suspects is much higher in the sky than the roof over their heads.
“Thanks,” Steve rasps. He picks his way to the bathroom and immediately peels the infirmary gown off without bothering to close the door. Tony can hear him puttering around, gathering soap or whatever. It’s better there, somewhat, because Tony hasn’t filled the bathroom to capacity with his stuff. The shower stall is actually big enough for at least two people, provided those two people weren’t both supersized and didn’t mind cramped quarters.
At that, Bruce and Thor exchanged a knowing look. Daryl’s expression compounded to pained and baffled.
Steve felt his lips pull into a stupid grin again, like this thought would forever fill him with joy. ‘Raise the Avengers’, god, did Tony have a way with words.
According to Maria, they nearly didn’t spot him in the water. The waves in the Pacific being what they were, the body blended in with the blue gray waters so it was only through sheer dumb luck that a scout on the fringes of the maintenance vessel spotted something weird and called it in. Radar identified the bogey as human, which was strange because the helicarrier and maintenance vessel staff were all accounted for.
“Oh,” Tony nodded and sat up on the couch. He scratched at an oily smear on his wrist. “Another time then, just have your people talk to my AI.”
Completely to oblivious to the effect he was having, Tony made himself at home in his own jacuzzi, curling his arms over the rim so his right extended behind Steve’s back and his left behind Sam’s. If Tony didn’t stop squirming so blissfully under the warm water, Steve thought frantically, he was going to have a hard time in more than one sense of the phrase.
That night, they returned to the woods, and Steve did as Sam instructed. He hid himself behind a tree with a length of rope and watched Sam climb up the tree. Within the hour, the wind kicked up and the evening mists parted to reveal a knight, clad in a suit of armor painted in the colors of the sun. Amazed, Steve saw that the knight’s boots did not touch the ground, but hovered upon blue light pouring from the soles of its shoes and palms.
The higher he climbs, the more hazardous things get. Steve holds his shield up over his head and the sound of pelting concrete and metal becomes a grim soundtrack. He is greeted by piles of rubble and the smell of hot steel when he enters the tenth floor. Wretchedly, he notices how the explosion’s torn the builders’ progress apart– unfixed concrete lies in huge chunks, spiked through with twisted rebar. The steel rods jut out like teeth behind a thick curtain of gray dust.
Steve homes in on a smear of red behind the gritty haze. The distinct shape of Tony’s armor is hard to miss, yet disquiet paws at tentative relief, then stifles it completely upon getting up close.
“Sorry,” Steve said soothingly. “but stuff in my pocket’s off limits, ok? Promise, and I’ll bring you some nice original transistors next time.”
The director’s quarters on the helicarrier are pretty luxurious by the standard they have on these things. Still, two people are a tight fit because Tony’s arranged the space to suit himself and Steve has to adjust for his extra dimensions.
, he tries to reason with himself. Surely, there are more important things to be done. Yet all that could be done was already underway. There’s nothing that can be particularly improved with Tony’s personal attention, and, honestly…
Tony looked skeptical, but didn’t actually say anything about it. He rattled commands off to his AI instead, “FRIDAY, order replacements for Cap’s charge cards and report his IDs as lost.”
“Uh-huh,” Tony said. “But let’s get back to the part where you like me...and want to raise the Avengers with me?”
He couldn’t help it, Steve positively beamed at the thought of seeing to his team’s best interests with Tony at his side. Now more than ever, he was determined to do what it took to clear their path, so Tony’s sharp wit and genius could build great things on it.
Fascinated, he listened to descriptions of irrigations systems, durable types of bridges, and lamps that collected the power of the sun in the day to illuminate his house at night.
From the branches above, Sam whistled and a flock of birds emerged from their nooks to surround the knight. One by one, they herded the knight off the path until it stumbled into a nearby pond and went under with a splash. Steve heard a series of crackling noises right after.
Not to mention, the nation was better off with Tony overseeing operations than playing a bargaining chip. Indeed, while the rest of the team handled groundwork and evac, Tony and a handpicked contingent of SHIELD agents had located and disabled all of the explosives over the longest twelve hours anyone cared to remember.
Was it? Steve thought about his evening, and bristled at the implication of four intelligence agencies blindly converging on one throwaway henchman and tipping off actual high profile targets in a hundred mile radius.
“But look at it,” Steve said breathlessly. “If we take this to the king and find favor with him, will it not benefit our families?“
Later that night, Steve met Sharon in a modern speakeasy that was somewhat busy for a week night. Still, they’d managed to find a quiet spot in the corner and were hunched over a couple of beers, a basket of fries, and the ugliest mugshot ever taken. Seriously, how was HYDRA still claiming to be a master race when their latest lieutenant looked like a syphilitic thumb with tiny eyes?
The sea of medics part when Tony enters, revealing the patient. Tony nearly stops in his tracks at the familiar sight of long blond hair and lean face behind a normally well-kept beard.
Tony rubbed his eyes momentarily. “It’s bad PR,” he complained. “Thor’s an Avenger, not a broke grad student. And what kind of a name is Daryl? Anyone do a background check on the guy?”
“I like you too,” Steve admitted. “Very much. I know it’s a lot, even in this day and age, and you’re a public figure, too.”
Steve snorted, because after his disaster of an evening? Yeah. “I’d say it’s pretty damn serious, Tony. We can’t live divided like this.”
“Um.” Steve stared back speechlessly. Bruce took his glasses off to clean them, which he often did when he witnessed something impressive. Thor beamed proudly, but he still took pity and offered, “And if that fails, friend Bruce has been working on a way to travel back in time.”
“We’re not fighting,” Steve agreed slowly. “But it’s touch and go, y’know? Last thing I want to do is throw off the team...balance.”
Tony didn’t reply, but a good 15 seconds later, the doors whooshed open and Steve hurried in. He spared a smile for Tony, who was watching him curiously, but true to his word, he made a beeline for the bot in question. Butterfingers greeted him with happy, inquisitive chirping. Its arm swiveled enthusiastically in Steve’s direction, clearly hoping for a treat.
Steve leveled a last, displeased look at Clint and took up his cowl. God, he looked even stupider with his glorified stocking pulled over his head. Still, he quickly managed to school his features, paste on a winsome smile and straddle the chair provided because he’d been assured this was how the kids did it these days.
“Clint.” Steve rolled his eyes and plopped into his own chair. The uniform fabric squeaked and strained, but valiantly held together. “I said I was sorry.”
He’s at a loss for words because there’s nothing to say in the face of Steve keeping his promises. To defeat Thanos, they’d made a peace on which, as time passed, a new relationship started to grow. Tony didn’t give it a name, content as he was to let it make a name for itself. But somehow, it feels like Steve had been holding up his end of a line that Tony had let go slack.
The national news had been hacked and some Mandarin copycat wannabe was informing everyone from coast to coast that he’d rigged several New York city high rises to blow for every hour his demands weren’t met–his demands being the delivery of Tony Stark and the Iron Man.
When Steve was bathed and well-fed, he could not help but notice Anthony was as good looking as he was clever. He had warm brown eyes, and sported a well-trimmed beard. His arms were muscular from working the forge, and his hands, which must have shaped the golden faceplate Steve found all those days ago, moved fast and gracefully as he spoke of his work. Anthony, Steve learned, was an inventor.
“Homeland Security,” announced one of the three sari ladies, flowers tumbling over her shoulder. “Sorry, kid, this one’s ours.”
His shirt came off first, revealing a tanned torso, one definitely more cut and powerful than it looked under his clothes. Steve understood this because he was an artist, of course, with an eye for form and mass, although that didn’t explain his sudden, perverse curiosity as to whether Tony would be wearing underwear once he shuffled out of his yoga pants.
The room he’s sharing with Tony is tastefully decorated with a handmade nightstand and a quilt patterned with daisies. A nightlight shaped like Tinkerbell casts a soft glow by the door, and by its meager light, Steve sees that Tony’s already taken up the far side of the bed. His first instinct is to leave, flee really; he doesn’t need much sleep anyway and there are some interesting books in the hallway shelf, but he reminds himself once again that this is not his floor in Avengers Tower.
“That’s a relief,” Tony said, then shrugged. “No offense, Cap, but FRIDAY tells me you rage quit the CyberSec module I prepared for you.”
The armor touched down on just beyond the hot tub, and the shining carapace unfurled. Tony stepped out of it with the usual seamless grace that only came from supreme confidence in his own creation. Not for the first time, Steve found himself marveling at the sheer genius, but then to his aroused consternation, Tony began to strip.
He wipes down the counter after that, thoroughly so it gleams in the dim light. It brings him no satisfaction, but Steve doesn’t think Laura would appreciate him polishing her entire kitchen.
“No other seafaring vessels or SOS signals in the area,” Hill says, joining Tony in a brisk pace down the corridor to the infirmary. “I want you to know we’re the only ones out here for miles.”
The term emotional purgatory is probably not going to take off anytime soon, but it’s an apt description, Tony thinks, of what he’s feeling now as he listens to Steve describe the last 24 hours.
“I’m not mad!” Steve counters, fully aware that he isn’t helping his case. “I’m just–you could have used the morphine five minutes ago!”
The mask shone bright gold in the sun and it was warm to the touch when Steve picked it up. Overhead, the trees rustled as a breeze passed through the leaves, and the squire’s friend shivered.
them, as Sam put it; he outfitted everyone on the team with the latest, meticulously customized tech so they could not only protect others, but themselves to the highest extent. And if something was beyond even his considerable expertise, well, Tony’s funds flowed on to the right people like water, too. Steve pulled his own weight by strategically throwing it around on Capitol Hill until he managed to procure hundreds of acres upstate, dedicated, like Tony asked, to the current and future roster of Avengers.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I forwarded it to Nat for a double check,” he said, and wondered if he should be insulted at how quickly Tony brightened again.
While Steve battled his sudden case of dry mouth, Tony continued. “Come on, what’s making America’s golden boy swear in the presence of a disembodied lady?”
“You’re warm,” Tony comments. When Steve just replies with a sniffle, he says, “This is–mnh–actually unlikely to kill me. Y’know.”
Still, he glanced dryly at Sharon and asked, “Is this where you encourage me to confess my feelings?”
When they settled before the fireplace, Steve produced his bottles of Asgardian wine and offered Anthony a taste of the vintage. They broke the seal together and sighed at its fresh, crisp taste and faint echoes of Asgard’s sunny orchards. Steve remained careful not to partake of too much, but Anthony’s smile was intoxicating him nevertheless. Anthony himself did not have any reservations; he let Steve fill his glass over and over again, as he listened to stories of Brooklyn and Steve’s friends. He did not travel much toward the capital, Anthony admitted, because his mansion had all he needed.
Also, since he would be asking them to cancel whatever plans they had at eight o’clock in the morning, Steve let Natasha pick refreshments and agreed to meet in a place of Sam’s choice. Naturally, he found himself wedged between the two in Stark Tower’s rooftop jacuzzi, sharing a box of donuts and drinking sangria before noon.
As if on cue, the TV switched to an image of Tony speaking into a mic. The Thumb shouted something obscene and threw his beer bottle at the screen, which resulted in surprisingly less chaos than Steve anticipated. Mostly because almost all the other patrons had also drawn weapons.
“Do I⸺ you have no idea!” Steve exclaimed, unable to stop the sheer happiness inside him bubble up as delirious laughter. “The Avengers are my home, Tony, all I want is to make this team the best it can be. With you. God, especially with you.”
“I like sleeping on the right, but I’m not married to it,” Tony says, blearily peeking out from under the quilt. “If you got a compelling argument, I can be persuaded.”
His brow wrinkles promptly. No, that’s uncharitable. Despite everything, Clint still gave them sanctuary; Steve can hear him and Laura reading to the little ones in the den. Thor is out finding answers, but Natasha’s here, her hand wrapped around Bruce’s still shaking one as they talk to Fury. Tony has an empty space beside him and he’s uncharacteristically quiet as he sips coffee, but Steve can see his finger moving on the tablecloth, tracing trajectories and equations that would no doubt lead to something wondrous if not always perfect.
Sharon smirked, hand on her gun and eyes on the Thumb, who was now snarling at the news. “Actually, I can appreciate you being cautious,” she said. “But, Steve. Neighborino. You’d better not be holding back because you already made Stark’s decision for him.”
“The only explanation is that he swam here,” Hill gives him a wry look while she wastes a few seconds punching in her code to enter instead of using biometrics. “Maybe you can find out how.”
, and Steve really had no other choice but to notice how he was dressed to spar— cutoff shirt, hand wraps, trunks that hugged his waist just right... “And losing."
Taking the question as an invitation, Steve wandered closer and lay his wallet on the table between him and Tony. He flipped it open and slowly slid out the polaroid nestled in an inner pocket. It was slightly faded, but it was unmistakably a picture of Tony in a bespoke suit, leaning over to watch something obviously fascinating because his eyes were wide with wonder, and his expression almost loving.
“Acknowledged,” Sam says grimly over the comms. Steve spots the reassuring glint of Falcon’s wings under the sunset as he enters the building from air and continues to sprint up the stairs, heart pounding.
Tony raised his brow as the elevator doors slid open. “I...that’s,” he took a deep breath while they stepped inside and punched the buttons to their respective floors. “So, it’s really serious?”
Honestly, he’s missed Steve. For all of their natural tendencies to butt heads, things still feel better when they’re together. Sometimes, it feels like they show up in the strangest, most twisted parts of each other’s lives. Mostly, Tony feels like he’s twice as good as he ever was without Steve.
“I do,” Steve grumbled back. “But the one in my wallet is still out there somewhere, where anyone can find it. Look, I’m not forcing you guys to help
Another farcical debate began and this time, Steve felt his breath hitch as Tony’s ass directly wedged against this bare thigh and, wow, those were some really form-fitting underwear...
Steve feels the wind go right out of him. The sounds of the medical team arriving just then feels distant; he can hear them pick their way through the rubble while stands there, stunned and strangely humbled. They swarm around Tony’s slumped body, and unlike Steve, they’re efficient and knowledgeable and somehow, they’re pretty sure that everything’s going to be ok. Inevitably, someone yells at him to get out of the way.
Steve had just been about to kiss his hand when JARVIS interrupted, “Sir, there’s a matter of concern on the news.”
Steve puts down his sketchbook and pencil, and sets off towards Peter’s room in the compound, can hear them bickering before he even gets to the door. He knocks on it, but none of the inhabitants of the room seems to hear it, so after a moment of contemplation, he just opens it without invitation.
“We should get Rhodey to do it. Best of both worlds.” he says nodding decisively, making it into a joke, even though he's half serious, Rhodey
God, it’s so hard to wrap his head around. He thinks about Nat’s question and ends up reflecting on his life back on Earth, having beaten death so many times. And now it’s finally over. He can rest.
Tony sticks his tongue out at the door as it closes, and then promptly levels Steve with a look, raising his eyebrows in question.
Natasha shakes her head, finally speaking up. “You’d be surprised at how far a couple of idle comments and a smile can take you.” She grins, and Tony is suddenly reminded vividly of why she’s considered one of the most dangerous people on the planet. He inches slowly away from her. She raises an eyebrow at him, which is frankly terrifying.
“I’m glad you’re getting along better now,” is all Bruce says before he sits down, giving Steve a reassuring pat on the shoulder.
Steve smiles at them sadly, reminded of Tony in the suits, an ordinary man transformed into something extraordinary by his own creation and genius, rising from his own ashes with his phoenix suit, all fire and flames.
"It was a suggestion. Do what you wish." Steve finally says, and then he's watching detachedly as the man starts spluttering in exasperation.
like Tony that it takes Steve’s breathe away, not aged a day since Steve had saw him last (maybe even younger?), every detail, every mannerism perfected, his voice, his eyes, the way he walks
At this point, Tony smacks Steve’s arm several times and he turns to see both him and Natasha with expressions of barely suppressed glee on their faces.
Steve notices distantly that his words are now coming out almost as sobs, as he gasps harshly, tears streaming down his face, "- talked to Sam when he got too in his head, and you even kept track of
And after that there was only the quiet scritch of Steve’s pencil on paper as he writes out equations based on what Peter says to write down, and the sound of Peter and Tony squabbling and snarking at each other over high school physics questions.
Tony is being held here against his will, being zip-corded to an uncomfortable plastic chair is not often his idea of a good time, but, hospital waiting room-esque chair aside, he doesn't have that many complaints.
And here Pepper sounds a little choked up but still sets a friendly hand on Steve’s shoulder, and all at once, he’s so glad she’s here, and feels horribly guilty for it because she lost her
his life’s work to become a tomb or a memorial, gilded and left to gather dust. If you can do good, help improve on it, then how could I do anything but thank you for it? It already paid off once. Saved my life.” Steve grins cheekily at Tony, who gradually smiles back, the uncertain expression fading. “There’s literally
After the first fifteen minutes of browsing through some Tumblr shitposting web pages randomly, Tony has to stop himself from rubbing his hands together and cackling like a bad Hollywood villain.
Steve trails off after he finishes babbling, not sure exactly what to say now. The silence is decidedly awkward, and he fidgets a bit.
“Tony?” Steve asks, voice hoarse and cracking, and he looks so broken and vulnerable, cautious hope flickering in his wide eyes, as if he’s worried that Tony will disappear if he blinks. Tony can distantly feel his eyes welling up with tears.
“We’ll check on them occasionally to make sure they’re not fucking up too badly.” Nat comments drily, smiling at Tony, who laughs.
Steve sits in his room after his duties are over, sits and stares at the fractals of ice that decorate the walls. Bucky and Sam are with him, both slumped in chairs to the side of the room, and Natasha, who is lounging near the windows.
about me. It was selfish of me to think that way, and everything worked out.” Steve hands her a tissue and Pepper smiles at him gratefully, “But,” she continues, wiping her eyes, “it doesn’t change the fact that I also don’t feel like I deserve to be the one to open the lab. That portion of his life? It has always been more yours than mine.”
He manages to avoid Sam and Bucky when he hears them coming down the hall, too engrossed in their own conversation to hear Steve dart into an empty room quickly to avoid them.
“That’s bullshit.” He tells her, rather loudly, and Pepper gives a startled laugh. Steve continues to frown at her, and she smiles fondly.
"SPIDERMAN!" Steve shouts, and it’s echoed by those who witnessed his crash. Steve tries to run to him, but he’s blocked by the mass, which throws him back, slams him into a wall again. Steve escapes before it can pin him properly.
Steve visits Pepper, Morgan and Happy (who seems to be living there permanently now) a few days later. Morgan almost bowls him over from sheer surprise when she runs out from the house and flings himself full force at him as Steve’s getting off his motorcycle.
Wanda waves vaguely at Steve’s chest through her snickering, and Steve rolls his eyes as he goes to put away the berry cartons.
“I took your advice you know.” Tony says quietly after Bruce had gone off to bed, yawning. Steve looks over curiously from where he’s shutting the door, not entirely sure what Tony’s referring to.
Steve makes sure his back is to Tony when he finally opens the cupboard, struggling not to break into a smile as he looks Tony dead in the eyes, coy, over his shoulder, and starts slowly undoing the ties on the back of the apron.
After their little heart to heart yesterday, Tony and Steve had sat there talking into the early hours of the morning. It was a little bit awkward at first, a little uncertain and stilted, not quite knowing where to draw the line, still strangers really, but they had stubbornly persevered. Steve found that his lowered defenses because of how loopy he was from exhaustion ended up working in his favour, letting him speak freely and without reservation and laugh at things he normally wouldn't have.
Bucky jumps a mile in the air with a shout and simultaneously chucks a container of yogurt at Steve's head automatically, which he catches with ease.
, and two; she had a request, and I kinda figured you wouldn’t exactly be up to that at the moment.”
fault. Steve’s still authorized to access it, and it’s not like the place has a doorbell to ring, it isn't really somewhere meant to be accessible to people
Steve told himself he would be all in when it comes to the AI after that first argument, his own hang-ups be damned, he’s
He lets himself get lost in the rhythm of cooking, hideous pink apron back on as he works to prepare a meal big enough for everyone.
. That’s one of the best parts of my job.” he shrugs. “Besides, I really don’t think I was in any danger. Did you see that technology he had there at the end? Low-frequency waves. Very smart. Efficient. Deadly if you utilize them correctly, yet the kid didn’t even touch them until the very end while he was trying to escape. He doesn’t seem like the truly evil type.”
, with a wonderful daughter and tight knit family, ruling their kingdom and watching over their people, who are flourishing. It’s a far-cry to those early days when Tony had crashed, desperate and angry and on the brink of death to see a frozen kingdom housing the most beautiful man Tony had ever laid eyes on, beautiful in a glittering icy way, and just as unfeeling.
Sometimes he wonders why it was so hard for them to speak to each other, for him to just...talk with Tony when he admired and respected him, even when he wanted desperately to be his friend. And then he fucked up. He fucked up horribly, and it became almost impossible for them to even be in the same
“Why would I hate you?” Steve is more puzzled than ever as that question only seems to set Tony off further, the laughter spilling into hysterical even as he wipes desperately at his face.
Then Rhodey, Happy, Pepper and Bruce follow, which cause more tears and hugging, and eventually the times become shorter and shorter between the new arrivals of their family members as they watch them age and grow. Tony makes sure to have a talk with Pepper and Happy, which ends in tearful hugs and a bittersweet smile from Pepper.
“And...” Steve pauses, not really knowing what to call her, but Scott seems to understand, offering the information somberly.
Steve darts forward and quickly pries it off after a moment's debate, because the cold metal isn't helping the man's body temperature. He is thankfully, wearing clothes underneath (there's slight disappointment at that, but Steve really can't figure out why), so he quickly chucks the armour pieces off to the side and stands at the opposite corner of the room, distancing himself as far as possible so he doesn't accidentally freeze the man further.
Tony had started creating and running algorithms with Bruce the day after the call to assemble in an attempt to track her down, but had so far not been able to find much on her movements. They don’t have much to go on after all, just a physical description, a vague outline of her abilities, and the knowledge that she used to work for HYDRA.
“I do too,” Steve says eventually, in response to Peter’s statement. “Tony the AI isn’t a replacement for Tony Stark, because no one could ever really replace him.” and there are hums of agreement from around the room.
Tony quickly gives Steve a rundown of the safety equipment and hazards in the lab, points him to some safety goggles and welding gloves, and then sets Steve to work, muttering to himself and directing Steve on which wire to snip, or which portions to weld together. It’s not too hard, since Steve has done some work on vehicles before during the years he’s been on the run, and this is pretty similar to that, although a lot more technical.
, but there’s no getting around the fact that he’s currently stalling, under the guise that he’s trying to think of what to say, because a cowardly part of him that’s almost too scared to do it, to attempt to find Tony, to see his rejection of Steve’s apology, because how could he accept it after what Steve implied?
Tony looks at Steve in confusion, who elaborates. “You can love more than one person Tony,” Steve says softly, tucking a stray piece of hair behind Tony’s ear. It makes a warm feeling spread from the point of contact, but Tony ignores that to listen to Steve. “It’s always been you and her for me. She knows. Of course she knows, and she made it very clear how idiotic she found the civil war between us to be.” Steve laughs, and Tony finds himself starting to smile. Steve looks down sheepishly, intertwines their fingers again. “You’re my home. And I’m sorry it took me so long to realize.”
Steve shifts a bit, trying again to sit up with minimal movement of his upper body, and this time Wanda helps him, shifting the pillow so he can lean against it. He murmurs a quiet thanks and Wanda gives him a shaky smile.
Peter starts writing some math equations shakily, a determined look on his face, tongue between his teeth, and Tony hovers worriedly over his shoulder, hand reaching out as if he wants to steady the pencil, even though he’s not solid.
“Change your code. You’re your own person, and I’m sure a genius like you could manage it. You deserve to live your own life Tony, not to be here running after someone who can’t even see what you’re worth, you don’t have to help out around the compound, don’t have to do anything you don’t want to just because of some pre-set objectives-”
There’s a sharp gasp, and Steve immediately sits up from his slouch. “Pepper?” he asks when she doesn’t say anything more.
Tony watches Steve when he finally looks away, all beautiful blue eyes and vibrant golden hair, and feels a pang of what had almost been between them, when they had still been alive, that spark that he had buried after civil war, after all that hurt and pain. Even then, it had always been Steve. Always them, whether on the same side or opposite.
Natasha shrugs. “I’m pretty sure she just gains a new set of memories. She gets to live out both lifetimes, with the people she cares about. Pretty good deal if you ask me.”
Steve curls his fingers and lowers his hand a bit awkwardly, shifting under Tony’s unblinking gaze. He’s staring at Steve like he’s seen a ghost.
Natasha snorts from beside him, and nudges Steve’s shoulder gently, to which he responds with very maturely sticking his tongue out at her. Tony laughs.
So he trains with Peter, Harley and Wanda, and anyone else who wishes for a few pointers here and there, and he goes for runs in the morning with Sam, who also frowns at him worriedly, and he checks in on Bruce to make sure he eats food when he’s working in the lab.
to make an effort with this, so he resolutely powers through the reflex trepidation and dread, makes himself systematically run through all of his excuses on why it would be a bad idea, decides most of them are kind of bullshit. Just him stalling.
Steve leans his forehead against the door almost desperately as he rambles, trying to will Tony into hearing what he's saying, knowing that he's probably just talking to an empty room.
, won’t go over well, it’s not enough for all of that, but then Tony has to go and imply that all of Steve’s sleepless nights, lying awake staring at the ceiling, panic attacks that he can’t control, are
He looks warm, Steve can’t help but think, as he reaches forward to brush away a strand of hair from the man’s forehead, drawing back quickly when a thin layer of frost builds over it. It fades as soon as Steve shrinks away, melting into drops of water in the dark strands.
The subjects that succumb to the cold look like statues, chiseled out of ice. They’re sharply beautiful, achingly perfect, and that day with the first of them - Steve stands there for hours, staring.
Bucky smiles, and Sam nods, satisfied with the answer and they go back to bickering like always. Steve wanders back to Bruce with a happy smile curling his lips, and they prepare the rest of the toppings together side by side at the counter in comfortable silence.
He doesn't feel any in return after all, so Steve just gets up silently to his duties. He has to do this. He has to do them, see it through for his citizens, until he finally goes as well. He's done his part in aiding this man's recovery.
Steve watches them, never having felt more useless than he does right now. He knows, logically, that during this kind of search and find mission, when you don’t know all the facts, sometimes all you can do is just wait for the next piece of data, because there’s nothing more you can do.
“Thank you, I try.” Steve huffs and goes back to sketching the compound skyline, and Tony settles(or rather, the hologram appears to settle) beside him on the balcony, leaning on the railing.
Steve watches Morgans face as Tony says his final goodbye, and he feels his heart break all over again for the little girl who doesn’t quite understand what’s happening, but is smart enough to know that this is the end, the last time she’ll see her dad. That he’s not coming back. The grief tightens like a vice at that thought, and Steve feels like he can’t breathe.
I’ve got a fucking DEATH RAY pointed at you, are you like this with all the villains, because that is just plain
There’s silence and Steve can tell Tony’s not convinced. He puts down the medicine tube and leans back against the counter.
There’s that familiar voice counting in his ear, and Steve grasps onto the sound desperately, tries to match his breathing to it, tries to calm himself, and it takes a few false starts, but he eventually manages, breaths matching closer and closer.
“But what about Jarvis? Friday?” Sam asks, frowning. “They seemed pretty damn human to me.” but Bruce shakes his head.
Steve takes his sweet time drawing away, because kissing Tony might just be one of the greatest things he’s ever done, and he sees no reason not to spend as much time indulging as possible.
Steve chuckles, partly in relief. “New nickname. I figured it worked better than Tin Can. Has a nice ring to it.”
He dumps the rather shocking amount of dust from the dustpan into an empty garbage can by one of the walls, and makes a note to remember to take that out when he leaves. Then he grabs a mop from the cupboard, and a bucket, and sets to swabbing the floor.
They take Steve back to Addilynn, who flirts shamelessly with him despite looking seventeen and actually being thousands of years old, and then coos over Steve’s adorable stuttering and blush as Natasha and Tony laugh themselves to tears in the background and Steve throws them long-suffering looks.
Morgan gasps in that overly dramatic way that five year olds do. “Am not!” she yells, bouncing a bit from where she’s situated in Steve’s arms. He quickly puts a hand on her back so he doesn’t drop her. “I’m the tiniest person there is, so you can carry me forever and ever and ever and ever!”
“Yeah, stop trying to throw our weak and defenseless selves to the wolves Steve,” Harley snickers, sitting down on the edge of the bed. “Left alone in the compound to fend for ourselves-”
Tony lets him know about Sam and Bucky’s return - and the subsequent team meeting - as soon as Steve enters the hangar, citing that they’ve also called in Clint, Hope and Maria Hill.
"Elle, you're going to give your father an aneurysm." Tony laughs, watching as one of the small figures shrug, unrepentant. "He worries, y'know." Tony pauses. "About your mother, that is. She has the world's most effective disappointed looks."
Tony can feel his foul mood start responding to Tara’s disapproving tone, and quickly tries to reel it in.
“I love you Tony. You give me too much credit.” Steve says giddily, and Tony’s smiling up at him now, eyes alight with cautious hope. “I wouldn’t have done all those things you accused me of doing out of the goodness of my heart if I wasn’t hopelessly gone for you. So you can stop your long dramatic monologues, because they’re not warning me away from anything. You’re stuck with me too.”
Steve chuckles, and waves hi at Morgan, who so far has been silently staring at Steve with wide eyes. “Oh just a little fight Pepper. You know how much I hate bullies.”
, the horrifying numbness creeping up his wrist to his elbow, but it's not enough, the ice is melting off the wood but it's not lighting, so Steve keeps pulling keeps pulling keeps pulling...
“You seem to make it a habit to drag me places.” Tony says, trying to disentangle his arm. “Also, that's
“Gee, it’s not like I worked for seventy years as a highly skilled assassin or anything.” He deadpans and Sam slaps him on the arm in response.
“Sounds good.” Steve says, “I’ll mention it to Tony when I get the chance so he can decide when he’s okay with the visit.”
“The fundamental coding is different. Jarvis and Friday are learning systems yes, but their personalities often remained untouched through the entire thing.” Bruce explains. “Coding it so the personality grows as well can be done of course, but it’s unneeded and inefficient.” Tony makes an offended grunting noise and Bruce rolls his eyes. “
The AI gives him a fake smile, maybe not an obviously fake one to others, but after years Steve can tell the difference now and he feels terrible that he put that expression there, but he can’t do anything about it, not while his muscles seem hellbent on becoming petrified rock. "I'll see you later, Steve." is all he says, and flickers out of existence.
Both Peter and Harley are remarkable young people, and when Steve had first heard their stories, a part of him(what Clint had often dubbed the “mother hen instinct”) had wanted to wrap the both of them in blanket burritos and buy them chocolate. Steve tries to keep a rein on that part of him, because he’s sure babying them won’t go over well for either kid, but he still tries his best to be as supportive as possible, and teach them to the best of his ability. He sees the future when he looks at them, a next generation of bright young minds and hope, and he can’t wait to see them flourish and grow.
"Lies and slander." Tony says, sidling closer with a small grin. "I deny knowing anything of the sort."
of overstepping - to hide very important files in unsuspecting places just to get one of the team to rest.
Steve heads to bed after that, falling asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow. It’s been an exhausting day, so almost like a reward, when Steve dreams that night, it’s sweet.
It’s at this point that Steve realized that he could no longer feel Tony’s presence beside him and turned to see him heading sedately to the lake. He gave him a couple more minutes alone, before finally following behind.
He gives them each a heartfelt goodbye and hug, and gets a sympathetic smile from Happy, and an empathetic one from Pepper. He watches them get into the car and drive away, waving as they leave through the gate. Pepper and Happy seem to have become a sort of parental unit in the last two years, and Steve's glad, because Morgan should have a support system. Steve's still not certain if it's just friendship, but either way, he's pleased that they also both have someone to turn to when they need it.
She gives him an unimpressed look but reluctantly nods. “Yes, I suppose you’re done. First post tomorrow morning. You are severely behind schedule.”
And by God Steve hopes it wasn't something he said that had made Tony look like that, because he's seen enough of that expression to last a lifetime, caused enough hurt, and to see Tony look like that again, an echo of Siberia, fractured and cracked like porcelain...
Steve tries his best to look at it all analytically as he - carefully this time - grabs a glass and fills it, and leans against the counter. Consider all the facts:
“No more getting kidnapped.” She says, pointing at him, and then walks off again. Tony blinks at her retreating back and notices that Steve seems to be stifling laughter from beside him, lips pursed and eyes crinkling with suppressed amusement.
“Are you sure you don’t mind Steve?” Sam asks an hour later, standing in front of an inconspicuous car with Bucky in the driver’s seat, both of them dressed in civilian clothing, with tactical gear packed tightly in the trunk.
Now that he's calmed down, Steve isn't upset that Tony is bonding with everyone else. Despite the previous irrational anger, he doesn't
Steve feels another stab of horribly intense, irrational anger along with the crashing wave of gratitude and disappointment in equal measure, seeing that armour flying, paired with that
“Stop that. No phasing into the food. New house rule.” Steve says, miming swatting at Tony’s head, who ducks obligingly even though there is no real threat to his person. Steve grabs a ladle and a spatula, and sets to work cooking the batter.
Steve blinks at him as Peter and Harley howl with laughter, and Aunt May snorts from where she’s listening in from her position on the couch.
When the meal is over and Tony leaves to go wash whipped cream off his hair, he does it with a smile.
Is everything okay? ...no admittedly. Probably not. Is it his place to tell her what had happened? He’s not entirely sure. There really isn’t a standard protocol to; the compound’s AI freaked out suddenly, shut me out of his workshop and I haven’t seen hide or hair of him in hours, and now I’m worried, but not entirely sure how worried I should be because I still have no idea what the hell happened.
He pulls Steve into a hug, and Steve lets him, takes the comfort gratefully and sits in broken silence with Bruce as the stars emerge, one by one.
Then he turns to Peter and Harley as the door shuts, still kind of bewildered. “I still don’t get why you guys are here though?”
“You can say that again,” Clint snorts, leaning back against Natasha. There are choruses of tired agreement from around the room.
Steve finds himself keeping vigil over them - the man and the fire alike - deep into the night, cannibalizing chairs when required, until he finally drifts off in the light of early morning.
Edit: So I realized at some point in time that there is a plot hole here that I never explained, because my brain went, it's ok we'll change canon a bit, and then never wrote an explanation on it?? So basically I headcanoned that not all of the compound was destroyed by Thanos, only certain portions of it, namely the upper levels, which is why Tony's original workshop/lab is very much intact. In the upcoming year or so, the destroyed portions were rebuilt. Sorry about that guys, will probably edit that in at some point, so if some things seem different, well, you aren't going insane 😅
Tony ignores everything around him and soon drifts off into an exhausted doze. As soon as the rest of the Avengers are released, Agent Jin stands up like a woman on a mission and ushers them all downstairs and into Tony’s limo.
“Well trust me when I say things are okay then. I’ll tell you everything when I manage to wrap my own head around the situation. All questions shall be answered in due time, but. I’m okay. Well. Physically.” Tony sighs and looks down at his hands. “It might take me a while mentally to get used to...what happened. But I’ll be okay.”
There's something hard and unyielding and unnatural in his chest, present from as far back as Steve can remember, radiating with cold. It's something Steve's always equated to the indestructible and the forever, like diamond and vibranium.
Bruce is surprisingly the one who ends up coming out to find him in the end. He takes one look at Steve’s face and knows. Because who else to understand rage and hurt, irrational anger that eats away at you,
and he has no right, but knowing has shit to do with how he feels, because he’s pissed anyways. There is only one Iron Man, and he’s gone.
“No, shh, it’s ok,” Tony says hurriedly the first time it happens, a joke that cuts a little close to the quick. “We can do this, we’re talking this out, like mature adults right? Just no judgement here, we’ll talk this out, we’ll be fine, here see, we’re talking, we say words that are constructive and, and meaningful yes.” And Steve had laughed quietly, and complied.
"Nothing." Steve responds haltingly, remembering it's rude to not say anything when you can't think of anything to say. A stupid rule in his opinion. If he has nothing to say he shouldn't be expected to speak.
Steve waves Sam’s worries away. “It’s fine, the mission is first and foremost, and it’s not as if I’m not used to leading already. Besides, you won’t be gone for long.”
“Yeah okay, yes please.” He says, snickering. “If I keep going like this, it’s gonna be tomorrow morning by the time I finish the work.”
Lol thank you all for being patient as I struggle to turn out chapters in a timely manner XD. You've all been wonderful so far. I put in a couple references to some of the comic-verses in here, namely "Shellhead", and "Commander Rogers". I'm especially a sucker for the Shellhead and Winghead nicknames, so hey, why not add it in? ;)
The subject - a name that starts with O, they’ve come here before to ask for help and Steve had tried so hard to remember, stayed up for hours repeating the names of all those he knows, but it’s so difficult sometimes - they thank him quietly, expressionlessly, and takes their leave, walking silently out into the piercing light, the wind howling and whipping past the open doors into the hall. It’s frigid, but Steve doesn’t shiver.
did he not think of this before? “Wait, you should talk to her then! If she already knows, that’ll probably help right? Then you won’t have to explain as much -”
them, they’re right there aren’t they? They’re happy and healthy and living out their life together and that’s all I could ever really ask for, especially in their line of work and-”
Steve brushes the dust off his hand, and squints at the plans because that can’t be right can it? He’s almost entirely sure he’s reading it wrong, that looks like a-
“Security has been trying to get us to stop climbing into the vents for months.” She announces smugly.
Immediately, there are about three worried Avengers telling him to stop moving in a flurry of voices and movement as they notice he’s awake, and Wanda, who’s the nearest to him, firmly but gently pushes him back onto his pillows.
“It’s alright,” Steve says quietly, gives them a reassuring smile. “I’ll tell you guys later, but we’re good now. I’m good.”
“So,” Tony starts, looking Steve up and down slowly with intent, and Steve promptly turns a very attractive red again. Tony smiles. “You wanna?”
and now here he was watching his fiance walk down the aisle of a beautiful wedding chapel (why does the afterlife have a
Tony blinks up from his piles of paperwork to look at the door as it bursts open to admit a harrowed looking Rhodey, eyes scanning the room frantically.
Tony stays with him and they chat all through his bedtime routine before finally following Steve into the bedroom, halting in the middle of the room when Steve sits down on the edge of his bed.
Steve blinks in surprise. “I - yes, of course, I can watch her,” he says, opening his door wider so Rhodey can come in and deposit Morgan on the bed, “that’s totally fine, I-um. Hi?” he says, more bewildered when Peter and Harley follow Rhodey inside; Steve hadn’t noticed them before, Rhodey’s six foot and well muscled frame having blocked them from view.
“He’s going to freeze to death.” A quiet voice observes mildly. Steve snaps his head up in surprise to look at the guard that spoke, who’s only reaction to Steve’s sudden movement is a blink.
“Yinsen.” He whispers, and Steve frowns, utterly confused, the word not meaning anything to him. Tony’s muttering to himself now, and Steve can barely understand it, snatches of words like “remember” and “cave”. The rest is incoherent and doesn’t make sense.
He helps out around the house, essentially being a live-in housekeeper in an attempt to find something,
The AI’s expression is still slightly disbelieving now but rapidly changing into tentative… hope? "You weren’t trying to - and you were worried - so it wasn't - you were -
." He pleads, pretty much begging on his knees at this point, and he falls silent, breathes heavy and sharp, because there's nothing else he can say.
It was around two or three in the morning before Tony finally noticed just how exhausted Steve looked. Tired as he was, Steve still hadn't wanted to leave so he hadn't said a word about it, powering through his sleepiness, and Tony quickly shooed him off to go take a shower and rest.
Two days later, Sam and Bucky arrive back on compound as discreet as can be, and calls a team meeting.
With that, she had done a last check, stepped into the control booth, and after a quick flash, they were there. The moving around and not being visible or solid unless you concentrated portion of the Visit had been a bit weird to adjust to, but other than that, the trip remained pretty straightforward.
happens, but it’s almost like something inside him, something under pressure from everything that had happened today, the panic attacks, the shock, the grief, just shatters at the sound.
And as if right on cue, there are footsteps thundering down the hall, and Peter bursts through the open door of the lab first, Harley, Bruce, Wanda, Bucky and Sam close behind.
Steve lets out a laugh, startled. Bucky grins at him, clapping him on the back. “Seriously though, you okay?”
Bucky had been laughing himself sick for the past five minutes in the corner, with Peter, Scott and Shuri(who was apparently visiting) poking around the bedrooms to read all the different memes pasted to the walls, Bruce being utterly perplexed and searching through the security footage, and Clint shaking his head, lips twitching with amusement.
Morgan begins squirming in Steve's arms as the Quinjet makes its ascent up into the air, and she promptly darts over to Peter as soon as her feet touch the ground.
It’s not the first time Tony’s flirted at Steve. It’s the first time he’s been aware enough to appreciate it.
He probably starts crying again somewhere around the Civil War, only distantly noticing it really, but he pushes forward and keeps speaking, because he owes Tony this.
” Tony snorts. “Or are you going back on that? Why? Is it because you’re worried something is wrong with me? Are you scared Rogers?”
After another half an hour, the nothingness only punctured by Tony’s anxious muttering, and the rustling of pages from Steve as he absently pages through a book, Tony suddenly freezes, looking absolutely terrified. It would be comical if the situation wasn’t quite so important.
He isn’t really able to look away now either when he turns to see Tony watching them with a soft expression on his face. He reaches over and takes Tony’s hand, giving it a gentle squeeze, and Tony directs the expression at Steve instead, which, well. If he gets a bit flustered it’s none of anyone’s business now is it?
“I know Tony. Hey, hey, it’s ok.” Nat puts her arm around him, smiling softly. Tony wipes at his eyes. “I saw, and I missed you guys too. Desperately.”
“Ye Gods.” is all she says which seems to set Happy off again, and Pepper starts laughing as well. They calm down eventually, and then Pepper starts smirking.
“Thanks for the pancakes Steve.” she says. Then notices what his apron says and starts laughing so hard she almost topples over.
, you hear me? ‘Take it from a guy who’s been frozen for 65 years, the only way to really be cool is to follow the rules’” Bucky quotes easily and Steve gapes. “Steve has never followed a rule in his
.” she snorts, winding the hose around one of her shoulders. “I’m planting rose bushes.” Tony splutters slightly, to which Steve starts laughing into Tony’s neck, which, ok rude, but is also very
He eventually loses himself in the work, the filling of forms and reports comfortingly tedious, most minor calls to assemble barely worth noting, the soft scritch of pen on paper soothing.
“Why the hell do you have so many microphones and what am I doing here.” Tony says, planting in his feet and grabbing the door frame before he can get shoved into her closet. Agent Jin has a glint in her eye that Tony really doesn't trust.
and you showed up, and how exactly am I supposed to feel, about the fact that you look EXACTLY like Tony does, you act like him, you speak like him, but you're not him are you?"
“Y’know.” Steve says sadly, thinking back to their first argument. “The...shutting out of the lab thing. And this. Everything.”
And if Tony can’t help smiling a bit to himself as he’s helped onto the quinjet by a ranting Tara, or punched in the arm by Clint as he settles into his seat or fussed over by Steve, well. That’s nobody’s business but his.
Tony mumbles something vague in response, which might include the words “fucking agents” and “security breach.” before faceplanting onto his couch.
“I shouldn’t have decided to use you as a crutch for my death, even for a moment. I should be working more to
“I don’t get to say this often,” Bruce says, smiling slightly at AI Tony, “but if human Tony really made you, then we may not have given even his genius enough credit. He made an AI of himself that’s pretty much as complex as a human personality.”
He promises himself that he’s going to ask later, since Tony’s wearing that familiar pinched expression that says he would not respond well to inquiries at the moment, and goes back to helping around, tries to put the incident out of his mind for now.
Up until there's a huge shriek followed by an ear splitting crash. Tony spins to see Agent Jin on the floor, rubbing her head from where she collided with the glass lab door. Sam is already attempting to help her up, having been working nearer to her than Tony was.
“Steve? Am I misunderstanding this, tell me I’m hearing this incorrectly, because it sounds like you’re saying-”
“Any chance of it being the wrong person?” Hope interjects, “We don’t exactly know a lot about her.”
At this point the Avengers comms are filled with more bantering then strategy, and Steve has to keep reminding everyone to pay attention and take this seriously. The only thing that makes the fight a bit of a struggle is the sheer number of followers the villains seem to have, and that in itself is a bit worrying, but Steve figures he’ll dwell on it later when he’s not essentially playing tag with the elusive leaders of a supervillain group, who are evidently trying to avoid confrontation with the Avengers as much as they can.
start too.” which just sets her off into another round of laughter that eventually Steve joins in on.
Steve gives them a grateful smile and heads to his room wearily after that, wanting to be left alone so he can rest, calm down from the high of the battle, sort through the guilt of letting Peter get hurt, but then he stops in his tracks when he opens the door to his room.
“Today was fun,” Tony smiles up at Steve, who nods in response, face positively glowing with happiness. The rays from the setting sun make a sort of halo around his blonde hair and it takes Tony’s breathe away.
“You’re telling me this, why?” Steve interrupts to ask dryly, a smile curling his lips when Tony rolls his eyes, flicks Steve’s cheek in reprimand.
“I’m just scared of something going really wrong. With Tony. Usually I wouldn’t even consider it but...this time it was just so abrupt and out of nowhere that I wondered if it could have been a..a glitch? I’m scared he’s not okay.” He pauses, contemplative. “Pepper...does the word ‘Yinsen’ mean anything to you?”
“What, what happened?” Harley asks, not looking up from where he’s doodling a picture of a spider on Peter’s cast.
“So. Where are you headed to now?” Pepper pauses to wipe at her eyes, tacking on a belated “Captain?” to the end of the question when Steve doesn’t answer.
“Go sit, Gollum.” Steve says, kicking Tony in the shoulder. Tony retaliates by swatting him in the leg. Then he perks up.
Well, Steve had never claimed that their decision making process is mature, but hey it seems to work for them because here they are, packed and ready to go.
Steve stops at Clint’s words and looks over at him curiously. “What do you mean of course Tony gave me access? Do you...do you guys not? Have?”
They talk about Pepper finally re-marrying about two years ago to Happy, both Nat and Steve treading lightly on the topic for Tony’s sake, but he only shakes his head and smiles at them happily. He still loves her, and he always will, but that love has changed in the time he’s spent here into something calmer, accepting. She’s his best friend, his family first and foremost, and always has been. Maybe it’s the fact that he’s dead, he doesn’t know, but Tony’s glad that she’s finally gotten over him, that she’s living out her life to the fullest with Happy, who he also loves like family, and that Morgan now has a full support behind her as she grows up and grows old. He got five wonderful happy years with them, and he cherishes those memories, but that time has ended and he knows it. It doesn’t really feel like an ending though. It feels like peace.
Tony also sets up a makeshift nest in the corner of Steve's room. The fire has been shifted there, crackling merrily in that corner. Steve never has to set it alight again, because Tony appears to be more adept at that, and every morning he goes out cheerfully to gather more firewood because he had frowned in offense when Steve had smashed another one of his chairs to give the fire more fuel.
“...is it bad that that kinda makes me feel better about this?” he asks tentatively, the corner of his lips curling into a small smirk and Steve laughs in spite of himself.
Steve can see out of the corner of his eye as Peter is loaded onto one of the helicopters, and taken to safety, his protesting audible over the comms the entire way.
"No, God, don't do that, the floor is awful, it’s a horrible place to sit, it’s all dusty and gross-’’
It’s snow and ice for them. For all of them. That’s all they’ve known, and that’s all they will ever know.
“‘We all know what’s right, we all know what’s wrong,’” Lila and Clint shout together suddenly from the other side of the room, evidently having heard Steve’s exclamation.
“Um, am I the only one that seems to realize that this is a bad idea?” Tony asks, choosing to glare at Clint instead of the collective team as a whole. Glaring at Natasha is always a bad idea, and everything is usually Clint’s fault.
“Shut up,” Bucky grumbles back. “Come on, we’ve been undercover for three fucking weeks and I miss ice cream and TV. We’ll focus back on a course of action in a couple hours but for now, you two are keeping me company while we re-watch every single episode of The Office.”
Steve looks around in disbelief as Thanos’ army dissolves into the wind, and he can feel the beginning of joy welling in his gut, the pure elation in the knowledge that they’re all safe, they survived, they
“Well, I tried to contact him first,” Pepper sounds a bit frustrated. “But he’s kind of...not responding at the moment.”
"Someone, get him out of range," Sam yells and Bucky is the nearest to Peter so he moves forward, but then the mass grabs him, stops him from making it to Peter's side, and Steve can't get away from the substance's pursuit of him, fighting desperately, and this is isolation tactics if Steve's ever seen it, his stomach dropping as a spike forms, and it’s chilling how coordinated everything is, clearly intending to kill, aimed at where Peter's still struggling to stand, and it's going to be too late, they're all going to be too late, they're going to lose someone else-
