A frail woman with baggy eyes and greying hair looks up from across the room. She’s wearing a faded blue dress that’s one size too big for her, and looks... fragile. Distressed. She’s leant over the hospital bed in the center of the room, holding the hand on someone much smaller, younger. Someone in a patterned blue hospital gown.
The detective cries out once more, a piercing yell.
Like an empty room. There’s no thoughts, no talking. Just wide expanses of blank space.
“But I do like to annoy you especially.”
It never fails to strike Mycroft just how much like a mouse Molly sounds, her quiet voice, the slight stutters, ready to be frightened off at any moment.
“Sherlock…”
“No” Sherlock protested, standing up also. “Wait, John-”
Sherlock simply fixes him with a look. He unclips the pulse sensor from his finger and sighs as the machine goes dead beside him. “There were doctors I presume, before, when I was unconscious?”
, not in this… context, and now that you know… things are different.”
A general murmur of agreement arose from what John imagined to be the surrounding students.
At the end of the class John breathed his usual sigh of relief and began collecting his things. But while he was doing so he looked up, expecting to see Sherlock waiting as he normally did. However, he was not hanging back by his chair, instead all John saw was the flash of his hesitating face by the door, the expression on it utterly unreadable. John acted quickly, giving him a smile that was designed to say “It's okay, you can talk to me," but to his dismay Sherlock ignored his gesture, only hesitating once more before quickly darting out of the room.
“Oh…” John exhales as a familiar sticky liquid splatters across his hands, their bare chests. The world seems to shudder and shake around him as the final shockwaves ripple through. He’s breathing hard.
John’s voice is shaking and Sherlock notices he’s not looking up from his hands. He wonders if perhaps, really, he’s trying to convince himself.
“Alive…” John mumbles, his eyes glazed over as if in a daze. “He’s alive.”
“Right.”
"What do you want?" He demanded through the strip of the door, careful to use his body to block the rest of the room (and John) from her view.
The picture melts before him. A sticky liquid that reminds him of paint seems to cover his body. Bubbling. Spreading. He gasps. Tries to escape-
Did you ever want it?
Sherlock was hovering behind his desk, fringe over his eyes, self-consciously nudging at his chair with his foot.
(Don't forget the
Sherlock began nibbling and pulling gently at John’s earlobe in an act that was intended to give John goose bumps, and Sherlock's mouth curled up into a sly grinned when he saw that he'd succeeded.
Hello! Sorry for the delay, life has been hectic, and of course the arrival of series 4 completely blew my mind. I'm slightly miffed though because I thought I had more time to get this finished before a certain someone died. But anyhow, this is obviously set before episode one. I have a feeling this chapter might take you to hell and back...enjoy!!!
“Oh.” Sherlock sits silently for a moment, processing this information. “You feel bad about..us?”
“Okay.” He managed.
But Sherlock has already turned away and started whisking them into the centre of the room, tugging John along by the hand. He ignores all the verbal protests and spins them around once in the middle, silencing the smaller man by placing his hands on his hips. The touch makes John feel just
Oh I, I can't stand myself
“To me?” Mycroft quips. “Have you?”
You believe in you and I
He exhales sharply and shakes his head. Trying to snap himself out of it and rid his brain of the memories; stop the sound of his own screams from ringing in his ears.
Mycroft almost rises from his chair, anger jolting through his body like an electric shock. “And what?" He snaps. "Is that supposed to get you brownie points?”
“I suppose it was quite ridiculous.” Sherlock stated after another chuckle.
Did you ever notice
"You think so?" Sherlock murmured, not bothering to lift his head up from John's body.
A single tear slips from the corner of his brother’s eye. His sniffs silently.
Sherlock tilts his head back and lets out a low groan, and in that moment it strikes John just how beautiful he is. This man in front of him. Moaning just because of him. Making noises he wouldn’t dare let anybody else hear. He could be an artwork for god’s sake, his body a statue in a museum. Skin the colour of cream, a mop of black curls and muscles in all the right places. Collarbones, hips, angles, and yet an arse plush enough to hold onto, lips plump enough to kiss and pull down his teeth. Piercing eyes. Cheekbones. And his
John winces as if he is in pain. “I…”
“I don't know…” Sherlock tries, looking around hopelessly as if someone might pop out of nowhere and help him. “Maybe… sit down? Or something? Is that what people do?”
"Sherlock!"
Sherlock’s knees get pressed into the bed. His arms move to wrap around John’s waist. And of course, the army doctor has never been one to waste time. Efficient as ever, he pulls Sherlock in for another kiss. Deep and filthy this time, all tounges and teeth and sharp edges.
She limps for several streets until she is sure she is alone. An alleyway off Floral Street provides the perfect temporary hiding place. She leans back against the wall, concealing herself in an arch, breathing heavily.
She drifts around another corner, past the reception of A&E. There's doctors in long white coats, staff with clipboards.
The air is thinning.
That word circles in her mind like an echo in a cave. A bitter end.
Sherlock braces for impact as the man pulls back and strikes his fist across his face, the knife catching his cheek as he goes. Blood splatters on the floor.
And finally, hold on tight, because this is going to be an angsty ride...
Mrs Hudson still looked confused. “Well dear-”
It’s not quite as perfect as she remembers, or perhaps, she’s just seeing it differently now.
The ringing is starting to fade. The sound of her heartbeat thunders viciously in her ears. Her vision sharpens unexpectedly as shock kicks in, suddenly making it very difficult to breathe. She tries feebly to push up onto her elbows. A woman with a red coat is holding her arm.
It's all the same
John jolts forwards, crowding into Sherlock’s space. His voice transforms into a low snarl. “Oh
She’ll figure it out.” He mutters, trying to divert his eyes to another part of the room. To anything that isn't Sherlock's pale face and teary eyes staring up at him.
John exhaled a large amount of air through his nose. “No, no it’s fine.” He managed to chuckle. “Sounds like he’s alright anyway.”
“Sure?” John looks him up and down warily. “Do you feel dizzy?”
The truth dawns on her.
John looked at him carefully and cocked his head to the side, fists clenched.
She pictures light underneath the doorframe, him standing in front of the mirror, hands braced against the sink; those dark eyes staring back at his own reflection. Motionless. Stagnant.
"Just to be clear, this doesn't count as a present, you're not getting away with that one."
It’s laughable to think that only a matter of hours ago she was racing through London on a motorbike, thinking there were criminals to chase, an adventure to be had and a husband to save. But there wasn’t. She wasn’t needed. There was nothing. There
Desperate.
Sherlock’s lower lip sticks out. His cheeks start to flush a pale red. His voice changes in an instant. “Oh for god sake I’ve already told you I’m sorry. I wrote that bloody list for you didn’t I?!”
“Promise?”
“What about your friend?” The army doctor says.
But the nurse is already reaching for the door handle, the light casting a shadow across her face as she steps outside into the corridor and shuts the door promptly behind her, leaving Sherlock alone in the room.
“Sherlock!" John palms at his best friend’s forehead, at his cheeks, at his chest. “Can you hear me? Listen, I need you to stay conscious. I know you’re fighting this but you need to keep going, for me Sherlock. For John, I’m here.”
“You would care. Clearly those drugs are already working wonders for you.”
So I don't know if you can tell but this chapter has been cut short as I've changed my mind about the future plot of this fic,  but I think it's for the best, and hopefully you will too when you read the rest of what I've got planned. Sorry if this chapter wasn't much fun! I'll be making up for it with the next one I promise, and it's all going to be heating up very soon...
Sherlock looks away. “Sure.”
“Six minutes.”
Sometimes, it's all just too good to resist.
Rosie finds some old photos of Sherlock and John in the attic.
“That would be the most obvious deduction.” Sherlock murmurs. He rolls his eyes. Shuffles himself slightly more into the sofa. He feels bad. Guilty. It looks like Molly might be about to cry.
Which isn’t exactly a lie, deep bags circle the older man’s eyes.
AA so many feels! So much suspense! I hope it was good and not annoying. I'd love to hear what you think!
John opened his mouth to protest but the sound was lost instead to a loud moan when Sherlock starting undoing the buttons down the front of his shirt, still nibbling and teasing the skin as he moved down towards John's crotch. He took his time, testing John's reactions slowly, sucking tentatively at the tender skin on his inner thigh.
It's a mother and her critically ill daughter. Crying. Saying goodbye. Sherlock and John are nowhere to be seen.
“Back sorry. I needed to clear my head and think, I-”
“What?” John turns. “No.”
Rather taken back to say the least, John shook it, lightly. It was a gentle touch, yet it affected the older man in a way he certainly wasn’t expecting. Sherlock's hand was so delightfully soft and warm. John could almost feel the warmth spread up through his arm and his chest. His heart began beating at double speed. His breath began to quicken. The handshake was still happening. They were
John pulled on one of his tight smiles and leant back in his chair, studying Sherlock's rather sulky expression. He couldn't help but let out a small laugh, it was actually quite funny, and a little heart-warming, how John's lack of attention seemed to affect the detective so much.
“Wake up. This can’t be it. I love you.”
John Watson. Saying that he loves him.
John moans louder. He gets faster. He tells Sherlock it's okay, that
“You can go first,” He nods.
“Until John said something...he
Sherlock.
A lump appears in Sherlock’s throat. Because he's realised what else is filling the air now, taking over. It’s tension. Cold and distant, building up like a wall between them. It’s written all over John’s body language, in the way he's curled his fists, the way he refuses to look at him. The guilt he must be feeling is unbearable. Because he’s
"Oh!" Mrs Hudson gasped, taken by surprise.
“Oh god,” John drops his head into his hands, suddenly overcome. A new emotion passes through his system, unexpected and irrepressible. His cheeks burn hot. A fresh load of tears brim in his eyes. He tries to wipe them away quickly.
They were strolling through the west side of London, just past Wembley. Walking in step. Basking in the spring sunshine while still cherishing the cool breeze that hit their cheeks. London looked pretty on days like this. The tall grey buildings capturing the gentle wash of golden sunshine instead of dulling it. Daffodils peek out from under the soil in hanging baskets. Despite the traffic, for once everything seemed so peaceful. Like there was nothing wrong with the world at all.
...I know it’s been difficult, and that we argue sometimes but, y-you need to know that you’re…” he gulps loudly. “...literally everything to me. And I love you and I need you to-”
He squints, watching as his friend continues to try and move. “I know you hate hospital, Sherlock.” He says gently after a moment, “But I’m not sure you’re fit enough to leave yet.”
His mind whirs with it all. Sex. Intimacy. John. Guilt. Death. Drugs. Mary. Mycroft. Moriarty.
“Please.” He breathed, trying to retain the desperation from his voice.
Mary recites Mycroft's text message in her head. Rearranging the words and letters before her in her mind. Is it a code? Did she get it wrong?
John takes another deep breath, still looking away; fighting the tears brimming in his eyes.
The man brings down the whip on his back, causing a sharp cry to escape from Sherlock's lips. He focuses harder. Imagines John's soft lips touching his, his hands sliding down around his lean waist, through the light waves of his hair...
“Sorry.” He whispered.
That’s what he said. Three sentences. Nine words. And within them, nearly seven years of repressed feelings, subtle looks; countless unfinished sentences and missed opportunities. All aired out in the open like a devastating storm, an impenetrable mist that might never clear.
They both remain silent.
“Yes, you do.”
Of course, now an adult woman she knows about the tragic circumstances of her mother’s death, and all the turmoil that came afterwards. Growing up, she'd read conspiracy theories about it online, aged 15, before finally plucking up the courage to ask Sherlock for the real details.
He won’t forget it. Because this is exactly how it should be. How it was always
“And John,”
Sherlock's dark eyes bore into his. The nerves start building on the inside. His breathing is quickening. Hairs are standing up straight on his back. He tries to calm himself by focusing on the physical sensations around him - the feel of Sherlock's breath fluttering across his face, his lips. The crinkled sheets beneath him. Sherlock’s hand resting on his jaw, his palm soft against his cheek; warm too, not pale and cold like it was the first time he touched it. A heated feeling starts to settle in his stomach. His pulse thumps. They're
“This way,” He says suddenly. “I heard something.”
“Oh shh,” Sherlock huffs, placing the drip to one side and blinking rapidly, concentrating. “Stop fussing. I’ve had quite enough drugs for one day, don’t you think?”
Relieved, Sherlock grins enthusiastically and takes John’s hand, bowing courtly before sliding his hand up John’s back and sweeping them away from the middle of the hall. He pulls them into time with everyone else, moving gracefully; his feet coordinating perfectly with John’s to make sure they’re in sync. John’s hand automatically finds Sherlock’s shoulder, dropping into the position they’ve practised.
As the song goes on they move across the hall in circles, sweeping loops, the lights dipping and whirling as the music echoes and bounces off the walls. The melody is all encompassing. It coordinates every moment, controls every action and gesture.
The first moment their eyes meet could tear whole worlds apart.
John sits on the other side of the bed and watches.
Mary’s voice is shallow. Hollow. Like it’s not quite real.
She stops hesitating and steps forwards towards the door, trying to focus on calming her breathing. Her hand moves naturally to knock the lopsided brass knocker as she approaches, but, she suddenly realises she doesn’t have to.
“Well, you could, actually." Sherlock quips, "If you think about it. And
John watched a satisfied grin return to Sherlock's lips and he knew the smoke had returned.
Suddenly everything slides together, clicks, with the satisfaction of a finished jigsaw puzzle or a door slamming in the wind.
“Yes…” John can feel himself nearing the edge, walking the tightrope. It feels so good...they’ve waited so long…
The worst part is that he's still got hours of the wedding left to go - the speech and the reception - hours left of pretending that he's ok when really he knows that the only person he's ever loved is being torn away from him. Really, it leaves him with nothing left to live for.
They'd wrapped up the mystery this morning. After a
“...umm.”
He drops backwards and closes his eyes.
Sherlock gulps. “What?”
holding hands. A small atomic bomb of panic went off inside him. Long and gentle handshakes weren’t something you usually did with your students,
“Yeah,” John wipes his eyes and sniffs awkwardly, trying to pull himself from his trance and rid himself of the guilt that is sinking heavily through his chest, plaguing him all over. He looks to Sherlock. “I'll see that he’s alright and then…” He frowns, unable to finish the sentence.
“No, it’s just,” John fumbles. “I’m not...
slipping away without talking to him. Not after his little display earlier. Sherlock caught his glance as he stood, but got the message and flopped back down again, crossing his arms.
“Shh, no, no.” He whispered gently, using his grip around John’s back to trap him and keep him still. “I’m joking, I’m joking. Of course I didn’t forget, and...” His voice turned low and affectionate. “
But Sherlock has never looked so determined. He tilts his head.
“Wait-”
John rubs at his temples. “And you were going to let me.”
“Gosh… ” Mycroft’s nose crinkles in disgust as he walks in, the state of the flat clearly shocking him somewhat. He opens his mouth as if to make a comment but manages to stop himself just as his brother slopes in behind him. Instead, the older man forces a polite smile and sits himself down on the sofa. He scans John up and down.
Here the photos start to get funnier, the pair clearly knew each other well now. There’s some she recognises from John’s blog, from when they visited Dartmoor for the Hound of the Baskerville case.
Sherlock locked eyes with John properly this time, his pupils darting from side to side, searching...reading him.
Sherlock looks away guiltily. “I won’t.”
“So with an open wound to the arm, you would lift it up and use cold water to try and stop the swelling?” One of the adults asked.
All good.
The work he’s done is excellent. Easily enough to hold off any normal person. But the problem is that Mary
“I know,” The elder Holmes replies, “I gathered. Don’t worry I’ve got people on it.”
there. The man is only getting angrier, harsher, more severe with his blows. The whip strikes the back of his neck.
about it.”
“And why the
Sherlock’s not sure that he does know, but he tries to smile anyway. “We’ve got a crime to find and an article to write for tomorrow.”
Mycroft places a heavy hand on John's shoulder, stares deeply into his eyes, as if he can see planets tucked away in there, whole universes. As if he can see right through him, to the darkest most secret corner of his heart.
John slides his fingers into Sherlock's hair as his brain floods with chemicals, warm and mellow. It's like a gentle breeze on a summers day, soft laughter and music, all tainted yellow with happiness. Sherlock whimpers softly beneath him. Savouring every moment. Every second.
At that very moment three loud knocks echo along the hallway and up the stairs. Sherlock straightens up immediately, snapped from his trance. “Mycroft.”
Bleeding, I'm bleeding
“Oh fuck, Sherlock.” John gasps as he starts to tease the build-up, his mind awash with dizziness. His hand speeds up on its own accord. “Come now, I’m gonna-”
I tell you? What would have been the point? I’d already caused you enough grief, John. I realised that as soon as I came back - how badly I’d miscalculated everything. The scale of damage I’d done. And after everything, I survived. That was it. As soon as I saw you I just wanted to forget about it. I wanted to pretend it never happened.”
They walk along a corridor and through to a room with plain blue walls and distasteful cream curtains. Claire shuts the door behind them and beckons for Mycroft to sit, which he does, slumping into the chair a little more than perhaps is normal.
“She’ll just come straight here.”
John narrows his eyebrows. He’s been watching the whole time. “What? Really?”
“Oh?”
John’s fist swinging towards him. Mary’s eyes when she realised her two best friends had betrayed her. Mycroft's face at the hospital.
John sniffs. His mouth does indeed feel very dry. He wets his lips. Blinks. Twiddles his hands noiselessly in his lap. Whole minutes pass.
And Sherlock
Sherlock laughs softly. “I suppose I’ve sort of always done that.”
“Sherlock! Oh my god, oh god, what have you taken, what-”
He sucks in red marks. Hard enough they’ll last. He bites and teases, relishing the way Sherlock seems to respond to the movements of his tongue.
Sherlock blinks and winces away from the man’s breath. It stinks of rotting flesh, makes him take a moment to figure out what he's saying.
"Okay that is enough!” He called out, raising his voice. “Please just, settle down."
Mycroft’s vision wavers. Like he's on a tight-rope. So
“Ты думаешь, мольбы тебе помогут?”
She sighs and closes her eyes. There’s not really much point in trying to sleep, but after getting in and putting Rosie to bed, she didn’t know what else to do. It’s nearly 9 am now, and normally she’d be in the kitchen making John his breakfast. She’d be giving him that extra bit of honey on his toast, asking him what time his shift ends, kissing him goodbye at the door.
“Yes,” Sherlock's eyes roll back as John starts to stroke them both now, cocks rubbing against each other. It’s almost too much. “Oh god yes.”
“No,” John whispers, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face. “He’s only just stopped. He seems to be talking to someone, in his head, he’s tripping.”
The second thing he notices is how heavy his limbs feel, how much his vision blurs as he peels open his eyes. Everything hurts. Every single muscle and bone. His hands feel cold and clammy. His toes hardly move when he flexes them. He wants to groan, but when he tries, no sound escapes from his mouth.
“Maybe.” He tries for tired a smile. “Sherlock’s right though, a cup of tea might be needed.”
Hello, so here's the next chapter as promised. It's only been like four ish days, I'm getting better at this posting on time thing, aren't I? Enjoy!
Sherlock raised one of his eyebrows, sensing the small ounce of annoyance that had punctured John’s voice.
Sherlock lurches forward and throws up into the bucket.
“You’re in shock love, please sit down,”
John squinted, trying to tell if Sherlock was telling the truth. But after a long moment he gave up and dropped his arm.
She pulls it out into her lap and turns it over in her hands a few times before cocking it to check it’s got ammunition. It feels nostalgic. Natural. The black metal glints in the light.
I've been playing games
The first person to throw his world upside down; to save him from God knows what after the army. A man he's laughed with, killed for, mourned over. A person with the most incredible stories -
"Yes,” Sherlock murmured slowly. “It is a tad dramatic..."  He dropped his eyes to his suddenly fidgeting hands. "He's definitely up to something."
The woman straightens out the hem of her skirt and brushes the hair from her face, the slightest flush starting to rise on her cheeks. “Right. I’m going now to tell them that you’ve made it and that you’re talking.”
The army doctor staggers. There is a danger his knees are going to give way beneath him. He reaches out to support himself on the dresser.
“I love you.”
“How are you?” he asks.
Has he been found?
Thanks so much for reading! I really feel this isn't up to my usual writing standard so I do apologise for that, but I hope you enjoyed it anyhow. I will be adding the next couple of chapters in the next few days hopefully, as they are already mostly drafted and just need updating.
John stands in front of the mirror in his bedroom and tries hard not to frown at his reflection.
John smiled, the drowsy effects of his orgasm wearing off slightly. "Still doesn't count as a present." He joked.
Bit by bit, email by email, he starts to shut Mary out. He sends false signals flying in all directions. Scrambles their location. Changes his password for the MI6 database before blocking her phone.
Don’t say his name!” Sherlock babbles. “Please. That stuff is private. Get. Out. Of. My. Head.”
“John, are you nearly ready? The doors open at seven.”
“Mmhm.” Sherlock puts down his plate.
staring at each other. Pupils melting. Growing softer and softer by the second.
Mary ignores her and presses her hand across jacket pocket. Empty. It must have fallen out during the crash.
Without thinking he reaches forward and lets his hand stray across to John’s side of the car, hesitating just inches away from the other man’s knee.
He leans over slightly to get a better look at Sherlock’s face, but the detective seems to be fast asleep. He breathes softly, his hair covering his eyes.
He. Won’t. Cope.
“Why don't we humour Mycroft, just this once? It might not be so bad,"
“So nauseous?” Mark notes.
John dashes forwards. Sherlock is lying face up on a mattress in the corner of the room. He’s shaking uncontrollably, hands trembling at his sides. John’s first thought is that he’s having a seizure. He’s never seen anyone so drenched in their own sweat.
Sherlock hesitated quickly, looking around once more as if Hamish was about to magically appear. "Perhaps." He whispered.
John stood dead straight, his body tense and rigid, apart from his head which was cocked slightly to the right, mainly from the shock of the utterly bizarre scene he was witnessing. He tilted his chin upwards, fists still clenched, and set his coldest eyes sternly on the boy with Sherlock's papers.
I shouldn’t but, you don’t understand, the temptation is
“I took a higher dosage than normal you see,” Sherlock continues. ”I upped it by five percent, in order to block him out.”
But shouting only seems to make it worse and his mind decides to crank up the tricks. He suddenly sees Moriarty’s pale face flash before his eyes, far too close. There’s bright red blood leaking from his mouth and dribbling down his chin. His eyes are completely black, bottomless pits. And when he grins, there's parts of a human heart in his mouth.
John leans closer, his fingers curling around the damp fabric of Sherlock’s shirt.
He pulled up a chair and sat down, reaching out to drag one across for Sherlock too. Each table had a small orange desk light, presumably for taking notes during videos and John flicked it on, causing a small haze of warm orange light to flood their small corner of the room. Sherlock moved the folder into the light before plonking himself down and hunching over it once more, running his fingers quickly through the pages.
The air is so damp that it clings to his chest, making his forehead bead with cold sweat. He fumbles at his shirt and tries to undo it, but fails as his vision begins to cloud over. Blurring as the world wavers in and out of focus. He can’t tell if he’s relieved or distraught. His brain puts up the usual struggle, tries to fight back. Wrestling with the inevitable like a wild animal that’s being smothered by a blanket.
They also had the funds and some connections to help Sebastian grow his army.
Daddy took the box labeled with Mycroft’s name and removed the jacket.                         As he turned to take it over to his son’s bed a small bag fell onto the floor. Daddy bent down and picked it up, the black velvet bag was embossed with silver lettering BVLGARI.
“He is alive. Is he alright?” He said trying to sit
The first dance was beautiful, there was no space left between them as they danced. Half way though they picked up Rosie and held her close as they danced.
Sherlock was quiet the entire cab ride and then the entire walk up to the familiar abandoned flat that had been the scene of their first crime together.
(See the end of the chapter for
When this happened before he would turn, first to drugs, but then to music, he wasn’t going to be playing the violin any time soon.
Quest for Normalcy http://archiveofourown.org/works/10511712/chapters/23197845
“John! John!” Sherlock gently shook the unconscious man as he laid him down on the ground.
Sherlock looked down at his phone then down to Rosie in the snuggly she was happily chewing on her hand.
Anthea just nodded.
John looked up “What?!”
Sebastian glanced out the Window again, Big Ben, he sighed, Jim had had such wonderful plans for that iconic landmark.
“We will get through this Sherlock.” John reassured him.
John stood and walked with his patient to the hospital. This young Corporal was going to be in for a bit of discomfort as John was going to need to remove all the little bits of shrapnel in his leg.
“Maybe eventually” Joey said “But not as quick and not with such little collateral damage.”
Anthea just nodded as John moved about the infirmary, hooking Greg up to a monitor and administering some medication.
“Thanks” He replied giving her a squeeze back. “This is awful, but, I’m relieved. You must think that is horrible of me.”
That was not how it was supposed to happen. He was supposed to be trapped upstairs burning.
“Dada!” She proudly exclaimed. John smiled. Rosie turned and booped Sherlock the same as she had John “Papa” She giggled. Sherlock allowed himself a small smile.
“You think Moriarty is making his move already?” Donavan said as they both grabbed their jackets and headed down to the garage.
“Sherlock you are making up your own world based around a story mummy used to read us when we were younger” Mycroft said with worry.
Mycroft and Willa laughed, the two men at the table sat unfazed.
“I love you Sherlock, from the time I laid eyes on you in the lab. I was a fool for not saying it sooner.” John exclaimed tears forming in his eyes.
“Nice. What about you and Ashton Willa? Have you started yet?” Brodie asked as he looked over Greg’s shoulder at the file.
“Don’t worry John, if Sherlock listens and hurries you can escape, till then hope you can tread water.” Eurus chuckled
The case John worked with Greg is based on the Sherlock Holmes story The Norwood Builder truncated and twisted a bit for this story.
“Goodbye Detective Inspector, If you can’t tell me the truth, Perhaps having a little tête–à–tête with Mycroft will give me my answers.” Sebastian said turning to go.
“No.” Sherlock said as the three exited the flat. “Victor is not a follower; he doesn’t take orders from anyone.”
He pushed himself onto his back and stared at the ceiling: the sky, which was visible though the rather large gap left by the explosion, was grey with a sort of purple hue. It was going to rain.
"Harry's short for Harriet." John told him causing the Alpha to stop walking in shock.
"Cardiff?" The Inspector asked.
"Oh, thank you." Sherlock said receiving a slightly shocked look from Mike. Sherlock ignored the look and got up. As he got closer to the Omega, Sherlock took a slight whiff of his scent and noted the 'Broken' smell coming from him. Something happened to this Omega that had caused him to become 'useless' to normal Alphas, something to do with either his heat cycle or his womb. If Sherlock had been a normal Alpha with a desire to find a Mate and reproduce, that scent would have put him off but as it was it didn't bother Sherlock one bit.
"So we need advice?"
"Hello Sherlock, I hope this one is more acceptable than the last one." She said quietly. Her only response was Sherlock unzipping the body bag.
"So, dim sum." John said happy to talk about something that was his relationship with Sherlock, whatever this was.
By the time 7:00 pm rolled around, John had to stop himself from rushing out of his apartment and hurting himself. He decided to walk to the address instead of taking a taxi to help elevate his excited nerves. No need to get Sherlock thinking John wanted to mate with him. As he finally came upon the address, a taxi pulled up and Sherlock bounded out of it as John knocked on the door.
"You have an intermittent tremor in you left hand. Your therapist thinks it's post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks you're haunted by memories of your military service." The man said.
"So you bought your lunch from here en route to the station," Sherlock muttered as he walked from the station, passing by the restaurant, on his way to figure out where the package had been dropped off at, "but where were you headed from? Where did the taxi drop you?"
"The murderer has it." John whispered as a flash of fear flew through his eyes. But before Sherlock could even think about calming that fear, it was gone and John was laughing. "I just texted a murderer." The laughter was suddenly gone. "How is he going to react when he gets a text from someone he believes is dead?" Just then the phone rang.
"Barely." John muttered causing Sherlock to glance at him before he began to examine Van Coon's fingers.
"What, and I didn't notice it? Me? I didn't notice?" Sherlock asked.
"I'm kind of in a meeting. You can make an appointment with my secretary." Sebastian told Sherlock condescendingly causing the other three men to laugh as if Sebastian had just told a joke. John caught one of the Alphas checking him up and down before winking at him pissing him off. Just because he was broken and could not conceive did not mean he was some plaything for any and all Alpha's looking to get their rock's off without any consequences. John went to punch the Alpha, but before his could, he was suddenly flush up against Sherlock's side as he growled loudly at the Alpha who had hit on him, gaining the attention of everyone else in the restaurant.
"Oh Sherlock" She cooed, her facing lighting up and practically glowing with pleasure. "He'll love it!"
"However..." Sherlock turned back and took John's palm softly in his own, leading him into the centre of the room.
for the cases, for the adrenaline that used to pump through his veins - the midnight pursuits. He wants more than anything to be back with the man with a nightmare personality and charming smile…
Mary glances towards her rucksack slung beside the bedroom door.
“There’s gravel.” He murmurs as he inspects her elbows. “These cuts need to be cleaned or they might get infected.” He sharpens up. “Why the hell were you on a motorbike? Where? When?”
“God...John…”
Mary’s eyebrows narrow. “But he’s...dead? Isn’t he?”
John breathed a sigh of relief, content he had managed to say the entire thing without stuttering and amazed that he’d actually managed to remember it.
The older man straightened himself out a little and looked towards Sherlock, studying him carefully. Despite his persistent question asking, the peculiar boy was certainly still his favourite student in the class, the smartest too, by far. But the other boys didn't like him, even in his short hour courses he’d noticed that. Whenever Sherlock started to speak they would often tell him to shut it. For a second John wondered if that was why he always stayed behind to talk to him, but on second thoughts...he doubted it, he was hardly very interesting
“Oh god” Sherlock whispered, flattening his hair (John always seemed to run his fingers through it) and rushing to do up the buttons on his shirt. He quickly finished straightening himself out and glanced over to John, expecting the same level of progress but instead he watched in alarm as John was still struggling to pull up his trousers that were crumpled around his ankles.
I would also like to say that I will be doing a Fanfiction based Livestream on my Instagram @221bsherlockfandom_ very soon, possibly tomorrow. So feel free to follow me if you want to keep up with that. I'll basically be talking about this specific work, (as well as my others if you want) and the process of creating, publishing and promoting. And any other questions you may have!
Sherlock grinned before chuckling again and a moment passed before the laughter died away naturally, silence slipping between them once more. They both smiled at each other shyly before looking away.
There are no more photographs. No more pictures of anyone. Rosie feels a panic rising in her chest and flicks to the end of the album to make sure. She places it down on her lap.
“Well,” He says after a moment, crossing the room and making some space for himself on his old chair, sweeping a few yellowing newspapers onto the floor. He clicks his phone. “She still hasn’t replied."
There’s a short silence. Some of the tension leaves John’s face. He rubs his eyes, takes the flowers from Sherlock’s hands.
“Says who?”
He shudders. He doesn’t need help. He’s fine. He’s always been fine, well for the most part anyway. He learnt a long time ago how to cope with the majority of his emotions. Much like Sherlock, he is able to shut off the right ones when it is convenient. It helps with the work. You can’t have a heart at the centre of the British Government, you need a brain. You need logic. Reason. Give up two agents for the release of thirty hostages? Done. Let a bomb go off in Iran to conceal the knowledge of vital British intelligence in the embassy? Fine. It’s not pleasant, it never is, but he can sleep at night. He’s the Iceman after all, isn’t he?
The adult looked round, taken back but still staring Sherlock down. He appeared half annoyed, half upset. John feared he was about to hit back, so he hastily decided to get the first word.
“Yes.”
But his phone is running out of battery, and just looking at it makes him feel extremely sick.
"Yes. Of course it was. What you did it...it was incredible..."
Doesn’t mean it didn’t hurt, though.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello?”
John opened his eyes and pretended to take interest in a nearby Pidgeon. Even they were prettier here, they were-
There’s a tug from somewhere deep within him. A horrible lurching in his stomach that indicates something is wrong. He feels his conscience fighting back, contracting the emptiness, the white room, and shrinking it down in size. He can only form one thought. And it’s not a good one to start a high-dosage trip with.
He swept out of the room without another word or a second glance, and John could only blink in disbelief as the mop of black curls disappeared from sight, leaving John stranded, confused and to his horror, slightly aroused.
While John was flying high in his own thoughts, Sherlock had moved down John's neck and was now suckling along his collarbone, nipping occasionally to draw a higher pitched moan from John when he felt like it.
to make this stop. He can't handle this. He’ll do anything. Moriarty has never been able to penetrate this deep into his mind before. Never managed to get to him like this when he’s high.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, sounding genuinely confused.
“Mycroft…?” John mumbles, his voice thick with sleep. “Jesus what time is it?”
Sherlock’s whole body starts to shake as he comes alive with a sudden blur of motion and sensation. His skin burns hot not cold. He suddenly becomes aware of the sweat pouring past his temples.
Sherlock tightened his arms, curling into himself before muttering. "I shouldn't have bothered coming. You’re not even pleased to see me." His tone quietened on the last sentence, as if he had said one thing too many.
“Christ,” John gasps and steps back. It’s like his world has turned upside down around him. He can’t stay upright. “Fuck, Sherlock I - what the hell?”
for, and if that means spending years dismantling Moriarty’s network so they can live in peace, so be it.
The laughter has disappeared from Sherlock’s voice.
At that very moment everything evaporates into puddles of colour, and the surroundings shift; moving without order or rhythm. The colours pool into an uncategorised mess. Swirls of noise. Voices. Ground suddenly forms beneath his feet. He’s in the army tent headquarters, a month earlier. The walls are formed of faded orange fabric. John doesn’t remember how he got here.
“I think so,” John offers, trying to reassure her. “I think we’re over the worst of it now.”
“Alright fine,” Sherlock snaps out of nowhere, instantly exasperated. He rolls over. “I’ll change. Whatever you want.”
“Uh, Uh.” John tuts. “I’m not stopping him. You know how I feel about biology experiments in the kitchen. I might even go and…” he pauses for comic effect. “
John swallowed, he was slightly embarrassed to admit he didn't recognise the voice at all.
Perhaps he’ll spend the rest of his life here. Trapped in this narrow corridor, waiting to see if the one person he loves most will wake up.
“John?” Mycroft presses the phone to his ear. The metal feels cold and unnatural against his skin. His fingers are already going pink. His breath is coming out in clouds in front of him. “John are you here?”
“But she’s not you,” John continues after a moment. “That’s the problem, alright? There I finally said it. A large part of me
“I thought you were never coming back, Sherlock. That’s why I found her. Because I
But as he continues to move, his feet weaving and twirling across the floor, he realises it isn’t even that difficult, not as complex as he expected, because he already
“I know I should have told you.” John continues through gritted teeth, “Before the fall, before Moriarty, before any of that. But I always presumed you weren’t interested and when I finally realised you were...it was too late.”
“I believe you.”
“Oh, god yes” John managed through unprecedented moans.
John smiled, feeling Sherlock physically relax underneath his fingertips. He dropped his hand quickly.
“What do you mean? Where am I meeting you? What’s going on?”
“Yes,” John whispers, not wanting to move an inch, for the touch is so gentle, so fragile that he feels like any sudden movement might shatter it. He leans closer, and it occurs to him that he can't remember feeling like this with anyone before. So vulnerable in this moment. So entirely in someone else's hands.
John raised his eyebrows, effectively cutting Sherlock off. It fell silent for a small moment, and reluctantly he let the relief wash the anger from his body.
Sherlock's eyes lit up with excitement and he moved closer until their noses were almost touching, before deliberately dropping his voice several octaves. “Do I
"Ah," Sherlock twists and turns as another spasm overtakes him.
Thanks!
Sherlock scowls. The corner of Mycroft’s mouth twitches.
Mycroft pretends to look at his nails but notices his fingers are trembling in front of him. His thoughts trail back to the dark roots of their childhood. To that
Rosie sits crossed legged in the narrow attic of 221B Baker Street and allows herself to take a shallow breath.
“You okay?” John asks wearily.
“Hello?” John bites his lip. He sits up a little straighter in his chair as Molly’s muffled voice vibrates in his ear.
“Ooh,” Mary makes a face. “Could be a tricky one that.” She disappears outside to get another bag before dashing back in again, fumbling around.
The clock is ticking.
John tries to speak but stumbles over his words. He wants to argue back, to protest that he
…” She gasps slightly. Covers her mouth.
wants?
Sherlock wavers in and out of consciousness. The room has been blurry for at least two hours and he’s starting to get seriously fed up of feeling like he might be sick at any moment. He shifts around uncomfortably on the sofa. Sweating.
Hello! It's only been just over a week since I updated - I'm improving! I really hope you enjoy this, I spent a very long time on it. I can't decide whether I'm proud or massively embarrassed. But each time I feel insecure I just reread all your lovely comments and it keeps me going, so thank you so much for those. Especially to all my crew on Instagram. I value your support more than anything. Anyway, enough rambling from me. Enjoy!
little brother, he would have done
“Sorry.” He gave an embarrassed chuckle. “I deleted the page numbers for this section from my mind yesterday, I didn’t think I was going to get to show you, I wasn't expecting you to ask me back.”
He thinks about calling Mary, of course he does. He even attempts to plan out what he would say. How he would start…
“Oh god.” John whispered.
All the blood drains from Mycroft’s body.
“Говори!”
Footsteps tap up the stairs. Mycroft doesn't bother standing. He knows it is already too late. John doesn’t, and tries anyway.
“Нет” He whispers after a moment. “но ты-”
It takes all his willpower not to. Every ounce of it.
Urgh.
The lad smirked at John, looking him right in the eye and not showing the slightest display of discomfort or hesitation, considering the words he’d just said. As predicted the boys around him erupted with laughter, punching one another on the shoulders, the heroisms spinning from their lips.
“Wait-” John’s head is spinning. The sick feeling in his stomach had intensified to uncharted territory. He feels like he’s in a daze. Is he dreaming?
She pushes through another set of double doors and lets them bang loudly behind her. It feels good.
It’s extraordinary how much he finds himself missing Baker Street. The stories of the clients, the hustle and bustle of Mrs Hudson, the faint sound of the London traffic echoing off the walls. It’s too quiet here. He
A motorbike, with sleek black exterior and heavy duty wheels, catches her attention.
Mycroft shifts beside him. Hesitantly, he reaches out and places an unsteady palm across Sherlock’s forehead before closing his eyes. John knows he’s not going to ask again. He doesn't need to.
Within seconds he’s got an address.
More talking surrounds him. There's more words he can hardly hear. It’s like there’s foam in his ears or an invisible layer of glass separating him from the sound. He can only make out a few syllables, faint snippets of a sentence.
Rosie takes a deep breath and opens the album. First, there are lots of wedding photos.
The motorbike comes to a smoking halt at the other side of the road, its wheels still spinning uncontrollably, the engine whirring. All the traffic stops.
Images flash before him as he starts to slip away, like they always seem to before sleep, but this time they’re much more vivid. His brain's attempt to order adrenaline fuelled memories. Playing them back in snapshots. First he sees Sherlock in the drug den, cold and pale - white - covered in sweat. Blue lips. The way he moved, cried out in pain, the mention of Moriarty. Then there's Mycroft in the ambulance, tugging at his shirt collar, on the verge of a mental breakdown.  The perspiration in the oxygen mask. The hospital room. The kiss. The confession. The salt in his tears. Anger. Panic. The cab, the orange sunrise. Baker Street. The way Mary first looked when she walked through the door. How pleased she was to see him, and then how bitterly disappointed. The feel of his own curled fists. Being so choked up he couldn’t speak. The purple scars on Sherlock’s back. The sex, the
“Ok.” Mycroft hesitates once more before reaching out and finally placing his hand lightly over Sherlock’s fingers, just for a second. “Ok.” He whispers. “There are worse things that have happened to the world. We’ll work through this.”
A million memories from the night before come flashing back to him all at once. He blinks rapidly.
tidies or goes out. The
"Oh.” John sighed, not entirely sure how to approach Sherlock's sudden outburst.
(See the end of the chapter for
John steals one last nervous glance at himself before sweeping up his jacket from the bed and thundering down the stairs. A freshly showered, bright-eyed and impeccably dressed Sherlock stands in the hallway of Baker Street to greet him.
“I cheated on you.”
“But…” John can feel his moral compass wavering. “It’s so soon to be...sleeping here and-”
Rosie remembers smiling and saying: "Ok daddy", while chewing on a bit of her hair, and that was that.
Sherlock smiles in return, relief crashing over him in waves. He’s surprised at how happy this has made him, at how much better he feels. It only strikes him now how lost he was before, how lonely, without even realising it. He grins.
The truth is that for once he does not know. Not even slightly. He wobbles as he rises to his feet and starts to pace frantically. Clenching and unclenching his fists by his sides.
She glances around at the destruction surrounding her, the smoking motorbike lying on its side. Probably no luck there. She focuses on her location, the intersection between Bow Street and Russell Street. Four exits to main roads, and alleyways after that. Could she make a run for it?
He hangs up and looks to Mycroft. Sherlock still hasn’t stirred.
“So, that’s all there is on that and now we’re going to move on to arterial bleeding. Does anyone know what position to put a patient in when they have severe bleeding to the upper thigh?”
I've been losing you
The plane tilts. Announcements come and go on the overhead speaker.
John pretends to be reading a newspaper and Mycroft pretends to be on his phone while the doctor, Mark, tells a very bored Sherlock Holmes how to take Methadone.
Everyone has someone. Sherlock slips his hand through John’s arm.
John suddenly feels a panicked hand on his arm. The dizziness contracts. He comes crashing back to reality. His breath is coming out in short, sharp, gasps.
straight line. "I thought he was with you!" He spluttered.
John leans in and kisses him once more, capturing his lips and holding them for another long moment before pulling softly on the detective’s lower one with his teeth.
John looks confused. “What?”
plan?”
Hitting the right spot feels like an explosion. It comes so thick and heavy that Sherlock doesn’t feel like he can actually breathe it all in. In fact, he can’t really breathe at all. Suddenly it's all too much. The way their foreheads are pressed together, the way John's nails are digging into his hips and his long groans are forming Sherlock's name. Sherlock can't hold on much longer.
Sherlock’s grin was wider than ever.
John follows his gaze. They both watch as the tiny red clock hand takes another sharp jump forward.
laughs.
It's true he may never get back, may never get to do all those things with John. But by god, he’ll die trying.
“Urhh,” John stands up and crosses the room before attempting to flatten his hair down in the mirror. “Maybe if we tidied up a bit, messed up the bed upstairs and then he’d think-”
Sherlock shakes and trembles, and has to bite down hard on the corners of his mouth to stop himself from calling out. The metallic taste of blood floods his taste buds. He feels like he’s drowning in it.
Sherlock looked smug. "So?"
to talk about.”
The rage floods his system again, hot and heavy. Fire tingles in the hairs on the back of his neck. How
They both pause as the light bulb takes a while to flicker into life. But when it does...
(See the end of the chapter for
They kiss softly for a moment, but then, as Sherlock pulls teasingly on John’s lower lip, time starts to move rather quickly.
John smiled at the young Beta woman that sat across from him as she had read over his resume. She was a pretty little thing. Light brown hair that was pulled back in a messy, falling apart bun, and wide, watery honey brown eyes. He was slightly shocked that she hadn't turned him away the moment he had stepped into the interview, like so many other people had done. She had even smiled warmly at him and offered a hand for him to shake. "Just locum work." She told him after skimming through the resume.
"What about these suicides then, Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson said carrying a news paper into the room as Sherlock looked out the window. "Thought that'd be right up your street. Three exactly the same."
"Stop talking." John snapped out causing Sherlock to snap his mouth closed. "It's that shop, over there." He said pointing across the road to a souvenir shop.
"It's a start." Sherlock said.
"What? My face is?" Anderson asked.
Finally, 20 minutes after the finale text, John entered the flat. But by that point, Sherlock had been bored enough to stick three nicotine patches on his arm to help not only keep the boredom at bay but help him think. It helped, a little, but it would not shut up the nagging feeling that something had happened to John. Yet, the second John's scent hit his nose, the nagging feeling left.
pissed John off. "You're quite right. How could you tell? Are you going to tell me there's a stain on my tie from some special kind of ketchup you can only buy in Manhattan?"
"What do you think?" Sherlock asked. Was this a test?
"A bit of advice then. Stay away from that guy." Donovan told him.
"Like?" The Detective demanded.
"Thanks." John whispered after taking a second to understand what Sherlock meant by that. "So, how did you know?"
"It really couldn't." John said firmly. The man sighed and reached into his pocket, pulling out a small notebook.
"Yes." John said standing up having a feeling he knew where Sherlock was going with this.
"The left one." Sherlock said taping a finger on the said shoulder, just above the scar.
Sherlock glanced at the two and realized that the Beta was Mike. Apparently he had found a flatmate for him after all. His attention then turned to the Omega as he limped in. The Omega staid standing. Psychosomatic. The Omega automatically fell into parade rest. Military. Sherlock turned his attention away from the Omega to continue The Work. Tan face. Had been in the sun a lot. Recently returned to London. Wounded in action.
"It says here you were a soldier." She said, the look in her eyes and the tone in her voice made John slightly uncomfortable. She was definitely flirting with him. But why? Why now?
"But I haven't mentioned a figure." The man said.
"Jennifer Wilson. That was..." Sherlock could hear the minute John's brain connected the pieces as he looked around the room and finally spotted the suitcase. "That's..."
"And the killer doesn't know which of them took it so he threatens them both. Right." John said. Sherlock looked out the window, ready to wait for John to finish his drink when he noticed a phone book sitting on a door step still in its package to keep it from being rained on.
"I cleared it a bit." Sherlock corrected "Anything happening opposite?"
"Where are we headed?" John asked.
"You said I had a therapist." John whispered not wanting to break the heated tension that had settled over them once more.
"Sergeant, we haven't met." Sherlock said offering his hand for the Alpha to take.
"Now, look. Do you see what's missing?" Sherlock asked. John would figure it out because his John was smart. He watch John opened his mouth before shutting it and began to look at the case. Come on John, it's obvious. It's right there. You see it.
"Dear God!" John exclaimed as he realized what Sherlock was saying. "You think-"
"Here." He said holding it out for Sherlock to take, which he did. "So what's this about. The case?"
"Obviously." Sherlock muttered. "Why were they painted? Want to communicate, why not use e-mail?"
"I'll be borrowing this." John said before rushing out of the Yard and began to follow the Journalist's day as it was written in the diary.
"What?" Sebastian asked.
"£10! £10!" The woman pushed and Sherlock caught John closing his eyes and breathing in deep to calm himself. "I think your wife, she will like."
"He made you mad." Sherlock told him softly.
"Nothing." John snapped out. Sherlock forced himself not to continue questioning John.
"I just need to talk about the rent." Sherlock said, it was obvious in his voice that he was desperate to get to John.
"My phone?" John asked, eyes narrowing in suspicion as his mind tried to race to figure out what Sherlock already knew.
"Why did you get into the cab?" John muttered catching everyone's attention. "He just got into a cab."
With his mind made up, John turned and began to limp down the street walking past a ringing phone booth. He ignored it and walked to the main street where he began to try and hail a taxi, it wasn't until the phone in the restaurant next to him rang and hung up before and employee could answer that John began to feel as if he were being watched. Cautiously, John continued walking until he passed by yet another ringing phone booth. Hesitating, John slowly entered the phone booth and answered the phone.
John, Greg and Willa’s hands were untied and they were pulled to a standing position. They were led out of their room and down a hall, the door opened and they were shoved into Irene’s room.
“You kept my sister from me, she was raise by someone else when she could have been with us!” Sherlock yelled. He stopped, his face fell.
Sebastian turned from the rubble in front of him. Was sort of sad to see Molly laid out there, all the blood and a blank stare at the ceiling, done in by one of her tools of her trade. If Sherlock survived this little assault, she would have been good to use against him.
John made a slight chocking noise, molly hit his call button.
It was the perfect place of operation for her.
“Yeah well his lies and actions are what got us into this.” John retorted.
“If he survives, we will see.” Eurus said look back at the monitors. “Send the men to get prepared for the final challenge; this next test won’t take long.
“Hello Molly.” Sherlock said keeping his voice level.
It had been a little daunting to come to a place that had recently been under attack. But the company that was in charge of the rebuild was amazing. And everything was so new and shiny; the lab looked like it belonged on one of those American criminal investigation shows.
“Yeah I want to make it special, and I don’t know if others make the one I want us to have?”
Judy real name Eurus Holmes tossed her wig into the back on top of “Karen’s” clothes. She strapped The sleeping child into the car seat and got into the drivers seat. The drive back to the house was not long. 44 Eaton Square, The previous owner was well still the owner.
Greg opened his eyes and looked at the engagement ring on his finger. Was Mycroft really ready for this step?
There was a tiny pop sound followed by a whizzing noise and a small sharp pain in the back of Sherlock’s head. He reached up to feel and found a small dart. Tranquilizer he thought as his mind started to go fuzzy. He swayed then the ground came up very fast and all was black.
“Redbeard did not bump Willa down the stairs. She was pushed.” Mycroft spoke calmly. “I was the eldest as you know. Sherlock was seven years behind me, and Willa two years behind Sherlock, Willa was an unexpected joy for mummy and daddy. They thought they were done after three kids.”
“And Wilhelmina how is our darling little Wilhelmina. A little bird told me she had a bit of a break down. Quite sad really, all that fame and responsibility and what does she do? She freezes.” Eurus smiled “I read about that in the paper to dear brother.”
“This as you know is Irene Adler. Now isn’t she supposed to be dead?” Eurus gave a chuckle “She could have stayed hidden the world would have never know she was still alive. But no, she had to call to try and tip you off to Moran’s plan. She hides a deep dark secret. She is the mother to the heir of the Moriarty criminal empire. Now don’t worry. Her son is safe.”
“I will have them draw up some plans and get started.” Mycroft said as they headed back to the car. Greg was inside leaning on the door sleeping.
Greg headed down to the lobby, the teams Detective Constable Sally Donovan was sitting by the doors with a coffee.
Mycroft reached across the aisle and held Greg’s hand. Greg smiled.
W? That was the name Sherlock had Irene Adler under in his phone, came from her professional persona as The Woman, Sherlock just shortened it to W.
He set Elijah down and pointed to the lock at the back of the bridle then held up the phone, camera app already open.
“Give me the photos again” Sherlock said disposing of the blood and washing his hands. Since the arrival of Rosie, he was a little more careful with how he handled the hazardous materials at home. John handed him the crime scene photos. Sherlock began to look them over.
“Deal” Mycroft replied. He hit send on the text to Anthea. Once the confirmation came on Greg turned off Mycroft’s phone and led him to the bedroom.
Sebastian closed his eyes, and felt a tear run down his cheek.
Willa cried.
“Why. Isn’t that what you like to do to those who are beneath you? Belittle them, talk down to them, and call them goldfish? You treat others with diminished mental capacity those who are not a clever as you as less than equals” Eurus said. “Granted Wilhelmina has never been tested, she is the recipient of a major head injury with traumatic brain injury as a young developing child. So she is more diminished than I.”
The middle TV changed to show Sherlock and Mycroft were also just waking, they were in a room together but were not tied up.
=-=-=-=-=
“Are you alright sir” Anthea asked looking him over, he was covered in small cuts probably from flying debris. And had a large bruise on his forehead that was already developing a sizable lump. The hand he did not reach up to Anthea was resting on his lower waist near his hip.
“Now future Mr. Sherlock Watson-Holmes… Get undressed”
Sherlock looked over as Mycroft smiled, then continued.
Sherlock blushed. John smiled, and Rosie in her snuggly snored.
Bootneck is old British Military slang for a Royal Marine
It does represent Greg and Mycroft who will be together forever. They have weathered the storms and will hold strong together from now on.
“She is safe though” Sherlock asked “No tricks.”
But he didn’t need to worry about the little one going into the system. Elijah seemed drawn to Greg. When Greg was brought out of surgery Elijah, who had been sitting with Willa, got up and went and curled up by him.
“Why can’t we?” Greg asked moving his kisses and bites down Mycroft’s shoulder.
John was just going to take Rosie from Mrs. Hudson when he heard the ringing, his mobile, it was over by the mantle, or rather what was left of it and his chair.
John looked, the list was extensive and had some potentially lethal combinations and dosages. It hit John hard. Sherlock did not expect to return from this mission Mycroft set up. And He must have figured if he was going to die he would go on his own terms.
John lay in the bed next to Sherlock. He had a fever starting, fever was common in withdrawals, patient warm to touch but could feel like they were freezing.
Greg’s fingers started to twitch; Mycroft raised Greg’s hand to his lips and gave his fingers a gentle kiss.
Mycroft smiled it did, the truth about Eurus still had a heavy weight on him but being honest with Greg was good. It made him feel safe. Knowing Greg would share in everything with him.
I am so sorry it too this long to update!!
“My boyfriend, if he will have me back after what I did.” Mycroft replied.
"We need to be back at base before we deploy tomorrow," John spoke up. "Actually by the time we land we'll have two hours if the train runs on time."
“£56.75 per person, 140 people that’s £7945.00 in food alone” Greg said raising his eyebrows
Greg changed into his sleepwear and flopped down on the bed. He sighed and closed his eyes. The weight of the day caught up with him, and soon he was asleep. His dreams, well his dreams were filled with the vision of a lovely model as she was seen on the covers.
"John Watson." The man finally spoke, "You couldn't figure that out?"
Anthea braced herself and began to pull on the glass. Once out it didn’t spurt, which was good, it just sort of leaked. She placed the pocket square on top and then wrapped the tie around and tied it off.
But everyone had their limits. Everyone had a breaking point where even the littlest thing could set them off.
But it was more than that. Sherlock had trust in Molly, trust that she would do anything for him, the fact she kept Sherlock’s fake suicide from John and Lestrade for two years. Even as she watched both turn to alcohol to cope, John on the verge of the deep end of depression and Lestrade giving up any hope of saving his marriage, moving out to a tiny studio flat in Islington, then finding his way to Knightsbridge a lovely posh flat with the name of a certain alleged unfeeling government official on the paperwork. Hmm so maybe Sherlock’s death wasn’t that hard on Lestrade, then again he had moved back to Islington after learning of Mycroft’s part in the ruse.
“You and John are lucky, you’re at a better time to be together, and don’t let my grief affect you. You have two months, then you can start planning, and I will be there, I have three months left this time.” Sholto said
“Oh yeah was aiming for his arm and his head got in the way” Sebastian laughed again.
“Ever think it may have been your personality” John quipped. “Look how you talk to people. Sherlock started to be like that, sociopath later in life, pushing people away. Being smarter than everyone, his life was miserable just like yours. You put all this blame on Mycroft, Sherlock and Willa, when you are the only one who could have made a difference. If you treated people as equals not lording over them, maybe you would have friends. You may be smarter but you are no better than anyone else”
"Yes, well, as I was saying... dull." Sherlock said.
"Back of the right leg." Sherlock said pointing to the leg. "Tiny splash marks on the right heel and calf not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don't get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, going by the spread. Case that size, woman this clothes-conscious, could only be an overnight bag so we know she was staying one night. Where is it, what have you done with it?"
"Since our first meeting." Sherlock told him quietly. John gave a humorless laugh at that. Of course Sherlock had known since then. Probably deduced it the same time he deduced everything else about him. A thought cut into his fear. Sherlock had known all along that it was his damaged womb that made him broken, and still wanted to be with him. Going so far as to break the vow he had made himself to never take a Mate. John stepped forward and rested his forehead on Sherlock's chest. "John, I just want you to know, I don't care if your womb is damage. It's not your womb I'm interested in, it's you." Sherlock whispered to him as he wrapped his arms around John.
"Made it back in a week." Sherlock finished before nodding his head at the building across the street. "That's how he made such easy money."
"Fresh air, just popping outside for a moment. Won't be long." Sherlock told him.
"Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you'd feel... uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he's up to." The man soothed.
"I know it will work, we used to have to do this all the time when we first moved in." John reassured her. It was silent from her side of the intercom for a long minute as John held his breath hoping she believed them and let them in.
"If you have questions, John, ask them." Sherlock growled out, shocked and a little startled that Sherlock had even noticed when he had been glued to his phone caused John to say the first thing to come to mind.
But that smile vanished when John entered the kitchen to grab his wallet. John would see the scratch! How would he react?
"No, you can't." John told him as he followed Sherlock into the taxi
"Yeah, I'm not that John Watson." John snapped. That John was useful, he could still conceive. The John he was now was broken. His hand began to twitch again and, trying not to draw attention to it, switched his cup to the other hand.
John recognised that voice, it would be impossible not to. He moved his head forward a fraction and squinted. Allowing his eyes to reveal that actually Sherlock
“Umm,” John stands and walks around to the end of the hospital bed, looking for a chart or a notice, anything with some information, but there’s nothing. “Me?”
John’s confidence grows more and more as the minutes go by and he starts to surprise Sherlock by throwing in a few unusual moves, some playful tricks with his footwork. His hand is still resting on the detectives hip, the other is entwined with his fingers. It’s like there’s a current running through them. An electrical pulse drawing them together, bringing them in time. It’s just
His plea echoes inside John’s head once more. The sound of Sherlock’s breathing resonates loudly in his ears, and the smell of damp concrete and blood merge together in his nose, flooding his senses. Everything feels off balance, slanted.
The rain is getting harder as dawn breaks, steadily turning from drizzle to shower. The water patters on the floor and flattens her hair, starting to drip down the nape of her neck. She shudders irritably and walks further forward, away from the entrance of the hospital to the pavement beside the road.
The atmosphere shatters like glass around them. Everything slows. Time seems to halt to a standstill, a slow motion freeze frame, just like before.
Sherlock opens his eyes and stares at him gravely, slouched in his chair, the amber light from the lamp catching on the smooth curve of his cheekbones. “She won’t.” He says lowly, taking a deep breath and pulling out his phone to look at the time.
I wrote the majority of this while I was, myself, sat outside having a drink in a French restaurant (although sadly not in Paris). The dialogue just kinda appeared in my head and I decided to keep rolling with it. In my mind, this is set sometime after the Blind Banker and there'd have to be some kind of romantic build-up that's already taken place for it to work, but I guess it doesn't really matter. Like all of these though, I don't think it's very good...there are so, so many flaws but I thought perhaps you might like it anyway. Enjoy! :)
"Hang on. Why are you so defensive of him anyway?”
"Well, isn't it odd that Mycroft has sent us all the way  here when he's already figured out who did it?"
“Brave,” Sherlock had repeated, his mind deep in thought. “That is definitely the way to describe her." he paused, "I could never be half the person she was.”
Her footsteps clatter loudly on the floor, echo off the walls. She hopes it's a murder case, an arrest. Or maybe they’re waiting to get information from a suspect. She can't
Sherlock feels the air around him get slightly warmer. There’s noise, a few movements, muffled talking. Someone’s breath is fluttering lightly over his face, his lips…
There was a pause, another,
"Hmm." Sherlock hummed.
Sherlock looks like he’s going to overdose. In fact, Mycroft is sure of it.
Another one of John’s tears drips onto Sherlock’s cheek.
“How sweet.” Mycroft crosses his legs to show he has no intention of going anywhere. “However, it is imperative that we discuss what is now the most important matter, your treatment.”
The sheets around her are like ghosts. Too cold, too empty. There's not enough folds and creases. No pockets of warm air.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, I'm not sure the character balance is very good at the moment but that's because I'm not entirely sure what I want in my head. Once I figure out the whole story line I'll probably come back and amend these first few chapters to match. Thanks again for reading! Please do comment your thoughts and suggestions.
“That’s correct.”
One simple look that tells her everything.
The other man keeps walking. Straight arms, big angry strides.
This is a problem because the next edition of the university paper is out tomorrow, and they do not yet have a story. Of course, Sherlock could figure something out for himself, make something up for that matter - but then he knows he will be in even more trouble with John. Plus, they had a good thing going - the pair of them - and by that, Sherlock means that it was mainly John who did the writing. Well, all the writing.
The clock clicks steadily above them. John stares up at the plain white ceiling. Exhaustion really isn’t the right word. His head throbs and his muscles ache. His eyes are already shutting on him, his body falling limp as it’s finally allowed sleep. It's still hard to believe this is actually over, that they've made it this far.
John groans and drops his head back against the wall. Suddenly, he feels quite close to tears.
to be. The two of them together, arm in arm.
got to him, Sherlock seeing him being made a fool of…although John didn’t quite know why. Without much thought he dropped eye contact from everyone, deciding it was best to ignore the comment and swiftly try and move on.
“But it didn’t...work. He was there anyway and...I actually…” He gulps. The look of disappointment on John’s face is worse than being repeatedly kicked in the chest. “I nearly didn’t make it. Everything seemed to deteriorate, very quickly and...I almost…” He chokes on his words, forcing them from his throat. “…gave up. Until...”
The army doctor looks like he’s been slapped. “Sorry...I'll...I’ll stop talking now.”
“Do you need a blanket?” John gets up from his chair and walks over to the sofa.
“I don’t know!” John is choking on his own sobs, still never taking his hands from Sherlock’s face. “I don’t understand-”
“So this is where the famous Sherlock Holmes takes his subjects for a date, is it?”
Finally, back to the one place he loves most.
"You...?"
“I think…” Mycroft rests his hands underneath his chin. “This time he might be more motivated to take it.”
“Oh come on,” Sherlock rumbles, voice deliberately deep. “Don’t pretend you’re not just the tiniest bit pleased to see me.”
I believe if I just try
Another long, tenuous silence fills the space between them.
They keep tidying and cleaning until eventually the flat is nearly exactly how John remembers it. Characteristically chaotic, but not unpleasant. Eventually, Sherlock stops complaining about it all and falls asleep.
“I’m sorry Mycroft, he just got up, I don’t-”
doing it. He can’t believe-
moment. Right now this could go two ways and John wasn’t entirely sure which path he really wanted.
A suspicious silence strung itself between them.
“Oh go on, don’t be so
It’s late afternoon. He went home earlier and tried to sleep while he hoped Sherlock would be but didn’t manage it. Not with everything whirring around in his head. This problem. He needs a solution.
John - the only person he’s ever loved, is about to enter the room. Any. Second. Now.
“Oh,” Sherlock waves his arm in a rather camp, dismissive gesture. “He got annoying. We fell out.”
“Well I-”
“Жалкий тупой англичашка.”
You believe in you and I
Mycroft reads the words sarcastically in his head before mashing his face into his palm and sighing wearily.
Claire sits back in her chair, a little exasperated.
In you and I
be able to if you and your 'friends' paid attention-" Sherlock hit back, his words quick and harsh.
There’s still time to turn back. Still time to retreat.
“I love you.” He whispered quietly.
“Отвечай мне!” The man calls again.
now, don’t we. So unless you want everything to happen here, in public, in a place we can’t control...”
"Sir?" Sherlock's voice was quiet, timid and if John didn't know him better, he’d even say he sounded slightly nervous.
“And, I know we’ve done other stuff but....” He groaned slightly as Sherlock moved down to his neck and began sucking at his pulse point. “I have missed your blowjobs...” He then gasped as Sherlock nipped at the sensitive skin, his breathing quickening with every movement of Sherlock’s lips.
Everything is still.
Sherlock suddenly groans quietly below them. A noise that's almost silent. It's the sound of defeat, of surrender. His face has now drained entirely of colour. He looks like a ghost, a corpse. More blood bubbles from his mouth as he exhales.
But it finally comes through.
Is this what
moving.
There’s a bang from inside, footsteps, before the front door creaks open. Sherlock catches a glimpse of John’s eye before he realises the trick and quickly tries to pull the door shut again. But he’s not quick enough, and Sherlock shoves his leg in the way, jamming it.
“I know
Sherlock pauses for a moment. His eyes dart from side to side. “For what?”
“I’m…” Mary’s throat feels incredibly dry. She looks down and attempts to move her lower body. Her jeans are ripped, and her limbs feel battered and bruised, but otherwise they seem fine. “I think…” She surveys the rest of herself. Grazed elbows. A cut on her forehead, blood dribbling down the side of her face, but remarkably, that’s it.
And Sherlock can't control himself, everything slows, the world slips sideways and-
He knocks again.
“Mary!” Molly reaches forwards and grabs her friends arm. “Wait - slow down, what’s going on with you? Is everything alright?”
After that conversation they never spoke of her often, although when they did their words were warm and gentle, yet always careful since it normally upset them both, especially John. Occasionally, when Rosie was cheeky, Sherlock would say: “Well I’m not sure what your Mummy would have thought about that,” and pat Rosie on the head, and John would just smile sadly, his eyes suddenly far away in the distance. She remembers that look well.
John coughed, “Yeah, in class, when someone doesn’t…” He looked towards the ceiling, searching for the correct word. “Understand something.”
baby.
Sherlock calls him from the bottom of the stairs, his fingers drumming impatiently on the bannister.
Sherlock’s phone rings out into the stillness.
In you and I
I do not own the copyright to any of the photos used in the piece above, EXCEPT the first five of London, which were taken by my parents when I was a child. All credit must go to the respective artists and editors of these photos, and I have not knowingly removed any watermarks.
“John...”
John could almost hear Sherlock's shaky exhale of breath.
pleased to see you Sherlock." Slipped from his mouth.
Sherlock moved forward and John felt the beginnings of small blush start to creep in from the center of his cheeks. He coughed, his brain kicking back into action as he tried to change the subject.
They're both stunned by the gesture.
No one asks who she is.
“What about Paris?” Sherlock’s expression was one of genuine confusion. He leaned forward a little on the table. "I knew Mycroft sounded smug on the phone,"
The door to the room suddenly creakes open, and an exhausted but slightly more relaxed Mycroft appears. John notices his top button is done back up, and he’s holding his head a little higher.
“Oh, I don't know.” Sherlock turns. He snuggles closer and rests his chin on John’s shoulder. “Fine? I would have thought we’ll be better than that.”
“Oh my god,” John drops instinctively to his knees, fumbles for his friend's pulse, but Mycroft suddenly comes up behind him and pushes him roughly out the way. He starts to search frantically through Sherlock’s pockets, as if his life dependes on it.
Sherlock’s hands curled around the perfectly wrapped present that John had just presented him with. He held it up, studying it carefully, before lifting it to his ear and giving it a light shake.
“Haven’t you been speaking to him?” Molly interrupts.
My cold little heart
“Molly, hi!” He blurts, rushing to the doorway and trying to conceal most of the room with his body between the door. “How are you?”
It's stillness. Recovery. Empty space.
“You want to get going then?”
Instinctively she jerks backwards, muttering curses under her breath.
“I see,” John replies, playing along. “Well how about if I put him back in his place - both literally and figuratively, would you be able to forgive him then?”
Mycroft stands before them, aghast, clearly having just risen from his chair. His eyebrows look like they’re about to rise off his head. His umbrella actually slips from his fingers and falls to the floor, but the corridor is otherwise empty.
“Ok.”
“Seriously? I can’t
The silence hums around her, heavy and uncertain. She flicks back to the photo of Mary and Sherlock smiling in Speedy's and checks the date scribbled at the bottom.
Mycroft raises an eyebrow from where he’s sat in Sherlock’s chair. “Mary?”
A waiter with rosy red lips and sharp blonde hair suddenly sweeps past them, waving a platter of food underneath their noses. “Anything for you boys?” She winks.
Why? Why run from her?
Sherlock tunes out. It’s boring. Emotional blabber. Besides, it feels like there’s nothing he could say that would make the situation any better. Today is all wrong. Terrible, in fact. First, they couldn’t decide on somewhere to eat and then some teenagers started smirking at them. Next, Sherlock offended John with one of his deductions and now he is upset because Sherlock has declined the invitation to his birthday dinner.
dizzy.
"Can't you drink that a bit quicker?"
“Me?” John snaps from his trance. He looks around. They are the only pair not dancing. “Yeah I’m fine, err, let’s-”
“Wait Mycroft! Is it this?” He holds up a damp ball of crumpled paper.
“Sure?”
“Um, yes.” Sherlock’s voice comes out muffled because of the food in his mouth. “Not sure if there is any though-”
It’s not right. She needs to get a grip, straighten things out. Get away for a while and clear her head. Run.
(Cold little heart - Michael Kiwanuka - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FngDSOuCNAA - https://open.spotify.com/track/5MqtUWIKlww4ZMJartTD3q)
Why would Mycroft be wrong?
And all of a sudden they’re doing it, he marvels, looking down at his own feet in amazement. They’re actually dancing together with everyone else.
This is it.
The consulting detective suddenly goes completely still, like ice. His fingers stop trembling, his lips stop quivering, eyelids stop fluttering. He stops. Entirely. Shuts down from the outside. It’s like watching ripples on water run out of momentum.
– (Danzon.no2) as it’s literally what inspired this entire story. Please listen to it as you’re reading or afterwards if you like. Enjoy! I’m so excited to see what you all think.
“Oh really?” Sherlock replied in a playful tone.
"No shh, only partly, it was your idea don't forget."
John is what's most important.
“Stop!” Mary’s panicked voice shatters the moment, freezing them both dead in their tracks. She rushes forwards and pushes them apart roughly, back to arm's length, her fingertips pressing on each of their chests. She glares between them.
tutoring.” Sherlock swallowed and pulled back, moving with the same tantalisingly slow speed as before, his breath brushing across John’s lips.
“Yeah, from my mind, I have to delete things...sometimes...it’s a sort of... ah! Doesn't matter. I've found it now.”
John tightens his grip on Sherlock’s shoulder. The stair creaks quietly below them. A moment passes.
“Um…” Mary rambles and rushes as she invites herself in and puts Rosie’s bags down in Molly’s hallway. “It shouldn’t be too long. I’ve packed most of her things, I think you’ve got enough nappies.” She thrusts her daughter into Molly’s arms before unzipping a bag and counting them frantically. “If not, I can always send you the money.”
“I’m…”
normal. She’s a retired assassin. Smart, intuitive. Far more than she lets on, even now her secret is out. Mycroft has
“Oh god, um,”
“I’m fine, John.”
... seductive. I- I struggle with this mind, John. With all the energy trapped inside me. It’s impossible to switch off, all these endless thoughts and emotions. I am haunted by the memory of Moriarty, by his ghost. When we were at Baker Street you used to help, but now... I'm burning up. I'm at the bottom of a pit and I'm falling,
Suddenly the door clicked open and a now fully dressed John stood in the doorway looking apprehensive.
"Please."
“Come here, Watson.”
John continued to stand, leaning back on the desk once more and watching in amusement as Sherlock finally opened his bag and sifted hurriedly through its contents, searching until his hands clasped around a large blue folder. He pulled it out and rose back up, setting it down on the desk between them.
Sherlock gulps. Everything is spiralling out of control. His eyes are filling with tears. John’s words are making him flinch. He’d rather have the ground swallow him up, or the stress of all this cause him black out, than continue sitting here with John towering above him and Mary standing just behind. He physically can’t look either of them in the eye. It takes every inch of his willpower to keep his voice steady.
Still only in his boxers, he reaches for the covers and pulls them up to his chest before shuffling up to Sherlock’s side. Body against body. Skin against skin. He slides an arm around Sherlock’s waist, exhaling softly before planting a nervous kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. Still, everything feels so foreign, every gesture and movement. It’s all so precious. So fragile. He wants to savour it, relish in it. Every second there is. Play it back and watch it over a million times.
John’s voice comes out hoarse and pained. He steps forward carefully, leaving the support of the wall.
“Oh, Jesus. Man down.”
The only sign of life is the soft flutter of his breathing, the occasional twitch of a finger. His limbs lie heavily against the bedsheets. His face is squished into the pillow. The world around him is restful, calm.
John glared at him, eyebrows raised.
"Err..." A look of panic settled quite quickly across Sherlock's face. "Was it now?"
Sherlock slides his arm around Mycroft’s back, and John smiles gently as they shuffle to arrange themselves. Sherlock’s arms around each of their shoulders, his weight shared equally between them. He exhales lightly through his nose.
Sherlock waits. John pauses for a moment and rubs his head, struggling.
Once he’s finished Mark cleans the needle and starts packing everything away. He writes down his phone number on a card and leaves it on the table before shaking hands with Mycroft and heading towards the door. He smiles optimistically. “I’ll be back in four hours but just call me if you need me before, or obviously go back to hospital if there’s an emergency.” He waits patiently for a reply but doesn’t get one. “You got that, Sherlock?”
don’t pity me. It’s annoying.”
“I'm fine.” Sherlock replied cooly, his facial expression indifferent, and his eyes still firmly fixed on either the floor or the wall opposite.
He runs Claire’s voice over a few times in his head, rewinding it like a videotape. Replaying those...sympathetic eyes.
Many thanks must go to Kate (bigblueboxat221b), who has been an excellent beta and helped me everytime I was having a crisis about the plot. I would also like to thank everyone on Instagram for their wonderful support and encouragement. I probably wouldn't have made it this far into the story if it wasn't for you.
‘I was inappropriately aroused when you touched my hand, fuck me?’
They walk forwards, down the long corridor and towards a high marble archway. John can already hear the soft melody of the music creeping around the corners, the clatter of glasses, people talking and laughing. As they get closer Sherlock starts to pull ahead but John holds back, admiring every single detail. It feels a bit like he's in a dream. Is Sherlock really holding his hand right now? Has he ever been somewhere this posh? This extravagant? How much is this all going to cost-
“Okay,” John tries, already feeling slightly self-conscious. He straightens his shirt. “Fine. Better.” He tries to divert the attention from him. “How about you? You look tired Mycroft.”
“Oh...Jesus.” John rubs his eyes and blinks several times before sitting up. “Is he talking?”
“I’m not – I -” John can hardly speak.
“Second.” Mycroft doesn't bother to hide the fact that he’s panting and wheezing. He’s climbed the stairs and now he finds himself stood in a large empty hallway. The whole building is absorbed by the smell of damp concrete and cobwebs. It’s pitch black. The only light he’s got is the torch from his phone.
“That was insensitive of me.” Mycroft continues. “I’m...I’m not angry at you.”
“Don't play the innocent with me, boy. I think you know exactly what I am talking about.” The man straightens up and squares his shoulders. “Intimate relationships of any kind between soldiers are prohibited, especially what has been reported in your case.” He frowns, his face curling up in repulsion. “It’s…
John’s hands find their way underneath Sherlock’s body, against his face and through his hair. He drops his forehead against Sherlock’s. Their noses slide past each other.
She doesn’t know why she’s actually pretending she has a choice. She doesn’t. Half of these locations wouldn’t work. Not only does she have to think logistically about survival and money, she also has to consider Mycroft’s ability to track her. The last thing she needs is her majesty’s secret service on her back - again - the fact she’s a retired assassin and recent motorbike thief aside.
“Just…” He has to pause for several seconds to stop his voice from wavering. “Just tell me one thing Sherlock, and
“Oh it was.” John agreed, running his hand through his hair. “I couldn’t believe what I was witnessing.” He laughed again.
“Oh…” He smiles pleasantly as John approaches, a genuine smile, his pale blue eyes flicking up and down and absorbing the entirety of John’s appearance in an instant. “Well, you look…” He struggles for a moment, “good.”
People are still saying things, still putting their hands gently on her shoulders. Trying to sit her down. It creates a constant blur of background noise. Their words are starting to jumble together into one big mess in her mind.
Fortunately she finally seemed to get the message. She gave up and tutted, muttering something about Sherlock’s rudeness before retreating back down the stairs.
There must be something comforting about the number three.
Sherlock growls in frustration and reaches out to grab Mycroft’s blazer, pulling him closer so that he can whisper in his ear. He lowers his voice. “Think about it, brother dear. We only have a matter of
never do that to us again. I can't lose you again, ok? I can't.”
And just like that, it’s like the bomb has finally exploded. The gun has been fired, right at Mary’s chest.
Hello again. First of all, of course I have to apologise for the ridiculously massive delay on this chapter. There's no excuse for it really, and reading back over the comments I feel like I've let you all down. I am so sorry. You're probably not even interested in this story anymore, but I couldn't leave it unfinished and I couldn't let you all down permanently. Please forgive me, I'm very grateful for all your support and do appreciate it so much. I suppose the reason I stopped was because I got stuck, insecure, ran out of momentum, was busy irl (with exams) and just stopped writing altogether. I sat there for so many nights and tried, I really did, but nothing came until now. I hope you can forgive me. I will try my very best to keep the next few updates somewhat regular.
"Right." John said, not convinced. "And since when have you started doing that?"
John bit down on his lip. Now finding it impossibly difficult not to call out, for the feeling was so intense, and Sherlock was so good, so keen to make this utterly resplendent for John that his eagerness only made the act ten times more arousing.
It is! Mycroft sits up and reads the text several times over. His chest floods with relief once more. He’s ok. He’s awake. John is still with him. This is the best news he could have hoped for. He remembers the Methadone in his pocket and taps out a reply.
Sherlock moves forward and wipes the final tear from John’s cheek.
Sometimes life is too easy.
She’s hijacked vehicles before, all kinds. But as she gets closer she sees it's not even locked up properly, the steering is not even correctly set. The owner must have left it in a rush. It is parked outside the A&E department after all.
“I’m sorry.” John is saying, mumbling, babbling, trying to get closer to her. He presses his hands down firmly on her shoulders. “I’m so sorry. We both are. It wasn’t supposed to be like this-“
“Ok.” Claire tucks a section of hair behind her ear and gathers up her papers on the desk. “And what I understand from the notes the hospital transferred me is that this time was very serious.”
And that
Sherlock stares blankly at the paper for a moment before growling bitterly and crumpling it up in his hands.
“Well you can’t have done it very well otherwise we wouldn’t be having this conversation.”
course," Sherlock replied carefully, looking off into the distance and pretending to be interested in some pigeons that were milling across the pavement. "Never better." He finished, meeting John's eyes again before dropping them to the ground.
“That was close” He breathed, offering John a shaky smile.
But he's never been able to express himself. The words lodge in his throat like glass. It's like the ground is sloping inwards. It feels like his chest is about to burst with the pressure of it all.
“Hurry up!” Sherlock hissed.
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed my writing, it really does keep me going.
to do this for John.
John gulped. He looked into Sherlock's eyes, bright and expecting. He wasn’t entirely sure
Seconds pass. Minutes. John still doesn’t move, clutching at the door handle for support. He doesn’t go to sit down.
"The case is waiting."
He unclenches his fists and lets his head slump forward as the final wave of drowsiness overtakes him.
“Пожалуйста. Хватит.”
John shuts his eyes and shoves his head into his hands, sagging back towards the wall; collapsing against it for support. Already he seems so defeated, so helpless.
He’s not sure if the words actually leave his lips, if they’ll even reach the real world. He’s not sure he really cares anymore…
does he not understand?
“Oh… right.” He turns to the oak dresser beside him and crouches awkwardly. “Second draw down…” He slides it open and pulls out some soft burgundy trousers and a matching shirt. “These ok?”
For the first time in years she feels truly hurt. Confused and betrayed. Like a kid left out of the games at primary school.
“Go away!” Sherlock grinds down on his teeth and inhales sharply. “Please, I'm begging you.” He tosses and turns on his back. Digs his nails into his palms so hard they start to bleed.
The rest of the room starts to fade around them. John’s head spins, his thoughts spiralling in all directions. It feels as if they’re slowly slipping from the real world. Losing sense of time and reality; falling into unknown territory.
Mycroft opens his mouth and then closes it again, like a goldfish. His vision clouds against his will. His eyes brim with tears.
Sherlock looked down at their hands, biting his lip and holding his breath. Slowly he turned his palm on the desk until it was facing upwards and their palms slotted together properly.
. Him out of every other single person in the world. It's everything he's ever wanted.
The atmosphere shifts. John’s sombre expression deepens. He tilts his chin. “You don't think I meant it?”
“Mr Holmes, it’s ok to be upset. You’ve had a very close-”
We can try to hide it
“We don’t have to do this if you don’t want to Sherlock. I understand if you’ve changed your mind.”
“…you’ve been shot.”
Sherlock holds his breath. He blinks.
All the air leaves John’s lungs. Time jumps forwards in one big leap. He collapses onto Sherlock’s body and starts shaking him frantically, presses for his pulse, but it’s gone.
Sherlock breaks from his trance and opens his eyes, letting them wander casually across the small hospital room. It’s cramped and cluttered. Stocked with various different treacherous material, with distractions. He studies their surroundings, marking out all the exits and escape routes. Two windows, one door, and outside that he doesn’t know. He shakes his head lightly - it won’t do. This place, this room, Croydon University Hospital, it’s so far from his normal patch. His area of knowledge. They have no contacts or connections here. No one other than Mycroft who could tie things up if they got sticky. Everything is unpredictable, uncertain.
“Shh.” Sherlock wets his dry lips with his tongue. “Please. Spare me the lecture. I know what I’ve done.” He pauses and indicates to the door with his eyes. “Who’s out there?”
“Are you sure?
He brought one of his hands to the side of his face and pretended to scratch his cheek, but really it was an attempt to hide it. Why
John watches silently as Sherlock folds his hands back in his lap. He nods. “That's okay. I…liked it.”
Sherlock let out a small sigh, relieved that it was only John touching him and soothed by the amiable resonance of the older man’s voice.
to keep this a secret anymore.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighs and flops back down again, his head falling heavily against the pillow.
But since I know who I am
John found it hard not to be slightly ashamed for he could hardly control them. Which was odd because he’d always been a man with a natural sense of authority, but here it just didn’t seem right to try and assert it. He was 26, only a couple of years older than the students himself and only a part time lecturer. The boys didn't take him seriously, and he wasn’t exactly about to embarrass himself by trying to make them.
The butler points ahead of them. “The ballroom is just through there.”
Mary sits back on her heels and brings her hands to her face. Exasperated. Upset. What is she saying? She would never do that. In fact, it hurts to even think about it. What is this anguish doing to her?
The atmosphere is tense, cold. A lamp swings monotonously from a pole above, sloshing him in pale, dim light. John steps forward.
“You’re dead.” He whines, the words as loud as he can manage. “You shot yourself, I watched you. I watched you-” He breaks off into a yell as another spasm takes control of his body, causing his chest to jerk upwards.
So hot he’s sweating all over. Moisture is soaking through his clothes and seeping into the mattress. It’s the only thing ruining this actually, it’s-
Prostate problems? Yeah, right. Sherlock is a whole new kind of pain in the arse.
“I love you.”
The photos come to an end and she opens the first proper album. Here the images seem to move inside, to their private lives, to the very flat she’s still sat in.
be able to forgive him.
“No,” Sherlock holds his arms out weakly. “I need something warmer.”
he allows himself to cry. He cries like a baby.
Sherlock snorts and looks away. “I don’t need...
The silence breaks only as John clears his throat, and Sherlock finds himself self-consciously biting down on his lip, so hard it actually starts to bleed. He can’t stand this, just
He hears a noise. A low and furious vibration of sound. Someone’s raised their voice.
There was a pause as John decided how best to word his next sentence.
A long moment passes, and in that time a newfound calm seems to fall over them; a pause, but not one filled with grief and anger like before. Slowly, they start to come to terms with the situation around them. It’s a quiet acceptance. A steady retreat. Relief. At last.
There was the tearing of paper, laughter and a mutter of the word “freak” broke loose in the midst of the noise. John felt himself draw in a sharp intake of breath as thunderous anger finally set in like an electric shock, breaking him from his ludicrous trance. His fist clenched by his side and the other tightened around the door handle so hard that his knuckles were starting to turn white.
But it's not working, the pain is
Sherlock exhales loudly and flops back down into his chair. He's shaking. He closes his eyes. “I am very good at concealing what I don't want to be seen.”
Mary glides down the long pale corridors, through the hall, past the multiple smart white doors. She smiles coyly to herself, her blonde hair bobbing in time with her steps, her black jacket trailing out behind her. Flowing with her momentum.
He can. Sherlock can feel his whole body shutting down; finally giving up on him. There's the faint pull of his muscles relaxing, a twinge as his nervous system begins to disintegrate. His eyes roll back into his head. He’s slipping away.
"Oh," Sherlock whispered quietly.
Sherlock has to buy flowers because John is upset with him.
“Course not." He replies." It’s just...human.”
A trembling starts up in his arms, throbs violently in his system. He starts to wonder if he should leave, if he should just take off down this horrible corridor and find the exit. He could ditch his phone - throw it in a bin or a river - and find somewhere to hide for a few days, Mike’s or... someone else’s. He could escape to the darkness of the woods, or roll the dice on a plane ticket. Just for a few days. Anywhere would be better than here. Sherlock probably doesn’t even want to see him. It’s not like they’ve been speaking much recently anyway. Things were already falling apart...destined to break...
“As long as it takes.”
He looks worse than Mycroft’s ever seen him.
Rosie feels her throat start to go dry. She turns to the first page.
“No not the paint Sherlock!” John exclaimed, unable to contain himself. “Where’s Hamish?”
They kiss again. More ruthlessly this time. Sherlock sounds like his mind is about to implode. John’s never seen him respond his actions so strongly. So
Because actually, he’s never been so pleased to see her.
But Sherlock has already tossed the pillow to one side and moved to start undoing his shirt buttons, his head propped up awkwardly against the headboard. John watches as he concentrates intently on the movement of his fingers, clearly finding it difficult.
And I know
Running through my veins
"Don't leave a mark." John gasped, remembering he had a shift at the surgery tomorrow.
“Mm,” Sherlock nods.
A hard slap across the cheek. More freezing water thrown across his bare back. His hair pulled viciously to reveal the wide expanse of his neck, pale and smooth. His adam’s apple strains as he gasps for air and pulls desperately against his chains, his skin twisting and burning as he moves. The sharp metal cutting into his wrists.
The man himself has never looked quite so dazzling. His curly black hair is dishevelled and shiny, flicking as he whips his head back and forth in time with the music. His white shirt is outrageously tight, with one more button than normal is undone at the top. And as for the rest of him, well, his sharp black suit fits him perfectly.
“John,” Sherlock gasps between kisses. “I’m not sure I can - oh god - I don't want to go too soon, or-” he grasps for John’s trousers, and the army doctor moves so he can get to them. Sherlock undoes the button and starts frantically pushing the fabric down around his thighs.
As he works he tries to ignore the guilt. Because surprisingly it’s there, faintly, silently, vibrating in the background. He feels its presence as if it was someone standing behind him, a spider crawling down his back or a voice whispering in his ear. The slightest knot tightens in his stomach every time he presses send. Because it’s cruel really, keeping her in the dark like this. Hiding. But he can’t forget it’s on John’s orders too. They
“I’ve missed you.”
“What are you doing?!” John asks, immediately alarmed the detective is about to start trying to initiate something he shouldn’t.
He can't stand seeing Sherlock like this, physically can’t bear it.
“I’m afraid he’ll need it,” Mark says, turning to face the older Holmes briefly before turning his attention back to Sherlock. “I will be visiting you every couple of hours to see how you’re doing. And then I’ll come over and assess you again tomorrow. Got that?”
The consulting criminal grins when he hears his name. His teeth glow a bright white in the dark.
“Why?” Sherlock repeated.
“Hm?” Sherlock tried again.
Another step. “Yes.”
“Right.” John gave a slight shake of head and sighed, humiliating himself by attempting to answer that was not currently on the agenda. And it didn’t get to him, really, but out of the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock look up at him. His eyes flickering repeatedly from the boys and then back to him, his pupils wide and pale in the dim grey light.
Sherlock suddenly becomes sharp, desperate. He sits up, grasping the sheets. “Did you mean it?”
He and Mycroft share a look. Sherlock twitches in his slumber but doesn’t wake.
“Mummy? Who is this woman?”
"Sorry, sorry, I'll shut up now" John breathed, his focus completely lost again at Sherlock's actions.
Sherlock’s voice is so quiet, so soft, that John almost wonders if he’s imagining it.
All of that could never be summarised to only 22 sentences.
for her because I do.” He mashes his head into his palm. “Oh god I really do.”
Ok so what did you think of that? I am very nervous it was truly awful but hopefully you disagree. Thank you so much for reading. I'll try make sure it's not quite so long until I next update.
“Oh,” Sherlock finishes.
“God...” He waits a second before rolling off, flopping down into the mattress. They lie beside each other wordlessly, chests heaving, catching their breath.
“Yeah alright, alright, shh,” John whispers, pulling her into a quick embrace to stop her from upsetting herself any further. He runs his hand gently down her back and tilts his head towards her ear. “You know, I think we might just sort it out now.”
John sighed and closed his eyes momentarily. He'd always liked France, with its long lunches, pretty streets and relaxed culture. There was just something about it. Although the city was bustling all around him right now, and the unrelenting sun was beating down hard onto his forehead (Sherlock had stolen the shady side of the table, of course), he felt calm, at home.
"I don't." Sherlock interrupted, bringing his head up and meeting John's eyes sharply with his own.
John just nods his head slowly, seeming to understand Sherlock’s unspoken assurance. He removes his hand and digs it into his pocket to pull out his phone, the light from the screen illuminating his face as he unlocks it. He types a message quickly and shows Sherlock the screen.
“Uh,” John tries to flush the drowsiness from his brain. “Right, Rosie again, my turn-”
"No sir." Sherlock replied, his voice becoming low and deep. The words drawn from his mouth slowly, as if untrusting. John tried to get a glimpse of Sherlock’s face but his head was still tilted towards the floor.
A blanket of silence fell over them as the last student left the room and they were finally alone together once again.
Something else infiltrates his senses. Something unusual yet familiar, a smell he’s had documented deep in his mind palace for several years. A smell he wouldn't mistake for anything in the world.
"I was coming to talk about what you're planning on doing later-"
There is a problem.
His phone suddenly flashes on the desk in front of him. Anthea.
The words come out far too quickly, and in such a jumble, that he’s not sure she will have been able to understand them. An immediate silence follows.
Mycroft sits at his desk and scrolls endlessly on his phone. Emails, emails. All the same just packaged differently. Familiar names and places - occasionally new ones - swapped around endlessly like players on a monopoly board. Each message is a different disaster to deal with, a new crisis to sooth and unravel.
. He inhales sharply as his chest contracts. The damage he’s done. Guilt is an emotion he’s going to have to become accustomed to.
(See the end of the chapter for
He drops his hand from the door handle.
His voice shakes but what he says is certain. There’s no mistaking it.
But then she actually considers going back. Considers John, and the need for escape swamps her. She pictures their empty house, their framed photos, the cartoon letters on the fridge, the empty bed, and suddenly it feels like she’s sinking in quicksand. How can she face that? The embarrassment? The pity? The failure of it all?
“Oh,”
Slowly the other couples start to stand back, leaving the dance floor.
“I need to tell you something,” he continues, “Ok? It’s important, it’s-” He grimaces and drops his head between his shoulders. How on earth can he possibly say this? Admit what he hasn’t even admitted to himself. How is he supposed to explain it, transform such a tangled mess of feelings into words? Where does he even start?
Sherlock stopped scanning this time and looked up at John, his eyes filled with genuine surprise.
, he didn’t even know any of the other student’s names. Sherlock held his grasp, gently rubbing his thumb across John’s palm. Their eyes met and Sherlock licked his lips. Then John completely froze, dead solid, as Sherlock moved forward and tilted his head towards John’s ear. With his hand still clasped around John's, he pulled him in closer and began to whisper in the most low and if John wasn’t mistaken,
“They’ll call an ambulance,” Sherlock pants, turning his head sharply from side to side to try and clear the image of Jim from his mind. But it isn't working, nothing is, and Sherlock can’t help but yelp and whimper as Jim starts to creep closer, his nose now only inches away from Sherlock’s lips. As he grins, his fiery breath brushing like hot steam over Sherlock's face, scalding it, Sherlock swears he can taste spearmint.
John struggles with the door for a moment before realising it is useless. He lets go in such a way that it slowly swings open...and a slightly nervous, doe-eyed Sherlock is revealed. White shirt, long black coat and trousers, holding some flowers.
"How can it be here?" Sherlock asked. "How?"
Sherlock showed John the note before unfolding the envelope the see that it had come from the National Antiquities Museum. "We could start with this."
"I've got two minutes before a Community Support Officer comes around that corner." The young man informed them. "Can we do this while I'm working?" Sherlock handed the young Omega his phone, the young man tossed one of his spray cans to John to automatically caught it. It took all of John's will power to keep himself from smashing the spray can into the young Omega's face when he took it, fingers brushing along Sherlock's gloved fingers. Who did that Omega thing he was touching Sherlock like that!
"You know, I've got a phone." John told the man who, after taking a deep breath, John realized was also hiding his scent. "I mean, very clever and all that, but uh... You could just phone me. On my phone."
"Her suitcase, yes, obviously." Sherlock said. "The murderer took her suitcase, first big mistake." An idea popped into his mind and he tried to find if there was any other way to go about this, when no other idea came, Sherlock knew that this was the best way to go. "It's no use, there's no other way. We'll have to risk it." He muttered to himself before shelving the thought and turned his attention back to John and the case. "On my desk there's a number. I want you to send a text." He ordered holding out John's phone to the Omeaga as he began to figure out how to go about his idea.
"So I went straight ahead and moved in." John felt his face heat up in embarrassment.
"Show me the security footage." Sherlock ordered. This wasn't just any graffiti. It was a lot of trouble to get in here undetected just to graffiti a wall and portrait. Sebastian growled before turning and leading them back to his office, thankfully leaving the office unlocked and open. Once back in his office, Sebastian quickly signed into his computer and pulled up the security footage. The footage was a still frame taken every sixty seconds. And the culprit wasn't on any of the cameras.
"'The intruder who can walk through walls.'" John read out loud.
"Now and then, yes." Sherlock admitted and had to fight back a smile when he saw John getting angry and annoyed on his behalf. It felt... nice to have someone do that.
"You?" John asked. Why?
"Not usually. Excuse me." Sebastian said pulling out his phone to read the message. "It's my chairman. Police have been on to him." Sebastian looked up at Sherlock with a smirk. "Apparently they're telling him it was suicide."
"Don't even smoke." Sherlock growled before unbuttoning the sleeve of his suit and rolling it up to show Lestrade the nicotine patch.
"The West End." Amanda informed him. "I remember him saying." A London Underground receipt.
"Pink. You got all that because you realized the case would be pink?" John asked with a soft smile.
"What is it, what?" The Inspector asked.
"Oh." John groaned in annoyance, cutting into Sherlock's thoughts. He glanced at the Omega from the corner of his eye and saw him going through the mail. "Need to get a job."
"Fine. We'll start with the riding crop." Sherlock informed her and she rushed to grab the ridding crop he had brought in earlier that day. Sherlock quickly shed his jacket, took the riding crop from her and began to whip it as hard as he could. After a good long five minutes of him whipping the dead body, he stopped and took a few deep breaths to reign in his adrenaline. The Work always gave him a high that no amount of drugs could ever give him.
"Yeah," John scoffed, "like that's gonna happen." Harry had her own problems to deal with, she didn't need to have to be forced to take in and look after her broken Omega brother.
"Anything else you can do?" She asked, fluttering her eyes at him. John shook his head and she smiled at him. "Well, welcome a board, John."
"I'll ask around." Raz told Sherlock.
"So she's German?" The Inspector asked.
He knew that the way he was dealing with his emotions about everything that had happened to him was not healthy, his therapist constantly reminded him of that every time he was forced to see her. She wanted him to talk about it, but John couldn't. She wanted him to write about it, but every time John opened his laptop to try and begin writing, the walls around him would start closing in on him. John knew he needed to find away to help him deal with his loss, wither it be talking to someone who he could trust, writing it in a blog, or even being able to admit it to himself.
"Relax, you're doing fine." Sherlock joked slipping on his coat before holding John's coat out for him. "Well?"
"Are you going to help up or not?" Sherlock growled glaring at Raz.
"I need to go to the bank." Sherlock announced shooting from his chair. He removed his coat and scarf from the closet, put them on, and then, without thought, grabbed John's coat. When he realized what he did, he acted as if it was on purpose and helped John into it before taking his hand and leading him out of the flat.
"They can keep an eye out." Sherlock said. "It was a long shot anyway."
"I know he can't hurt me." John said and Sherlock shook his head.
"It's nothing, Sherlock." John told him half hoping he would stop the other hoping he would continue.
"Losing it, in fact." Mycroft said with a smirk.
"I get your message." John told him.
"You did go to prison." Sherlock once again corrected as John smiled at him.
As his mind did that, his body began to move on its own. He took a shower and got dressed before he grabbed John's laptop from where it sat under John's chair. Even with most of his mind focused on figuring out what was wrong with John, it didn't take him long to crack John's password. He quickly logged in to his e-mails and found the request he had told John about.
"An enemy?" John repeated instantly guarded. This man was Sherlock's enemy? If that was true then what did he plan to do with John? Did he believe that kidnapping and/or hurting John would hurt Sherlock?
"Maybe it was the mud on my shoes?" Sebastian continued with a taunting laugh.
"And a doctor." He told her preying she didn't hear the nervous tone in his voice, and if she did that she believed it was him being nervous of getting the job or not.
"You've met him. How many friends do you imagine he has?" The man asked with a smirk. "I'm the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having."
"Your back, now, please." Lestrade roared.
"And what about the symbols? Do you recognize them?" Sherlock asked the young Omega sighed before looking back at the pictures.
"Come on, who'd want me for a flatmate?" John asked with a tight lipped smile. He was broken. Useless. No one, Alpha, Beta, or Omega, would want to share a flat with him. John looked at Mike like he had lost his mind when he began to laugh. "What?"
"Do you need to sniff around here for a bit longer?" John asked.
"How can you possibly know about the drinking?" John asked in amazement.
"No, thanks, no." John told her, anger barely hidden in his voice catching Sherlock's attention. Why was his John so angry? Had Detective Dimmok said or done something to him?
"Always, Sally." Sherlock growled out in annoyance, voice dripping with sarcasm as he slipped under the tape, taking a deep breath as he did so. Whatever he had just smelled coming from the Beta was enough to cause him to pause and crinkle his nose in disgust. "I even know you didn't make it home last night." Sherlock told her as he held up the tape for John to slip under. As John tried to do so, the Beta (Sally) stopped him with a growl. John just looked at her with a raised eyebrow, because really, that was the best she could do? He had heard more threatening growls from kittens.
"Date stamped on the book is the same day that he died." Sherlock told him as they began to search for the shelf the book had come from. They easily found the shelf and Sherlock pulled out another copy of the book and began to flip through it while John scanned the neighboring shelf waiting for Sherlock to find whatever clue he needed. John pulled out a thick book intending to flip through it only to spot what he thought looked like paint on the back of shelf and began to pull out hand fulls off books.
"Because I'm desperate, that's why." Lestrade said before leaving, he stopped at the door and turned to look at John. "And because Sherlock Holmes is a great man, and I think one day, if we're very, very lucky, he might even be a good one." And then he left. John sat at the desk wondering why Sherlock had gotten into the cab. And then it clicked. It was the cabbie!
"Okay." John panted out after they had stepped into the safety of 221B Baker Street. "That was ridiculous. That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done." John said resting against the wall. He looked over at Sherlock when he rested against the wall with his shoulder touching John's.
"Do you know you do that out loud?" He asked bending down just enough to whisper in John's ear causing him to blush.
"Excellent. How and when, why?" Sherlock asked in lightning speed. "Is there a connection? There has to be."
it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won't be enough. One day we'll be standing round a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one that put it there."
"She didn't think about her daughter. She scratched her name on the floor with her finger nails. She was dying. It took effort, it would have hurt." Sherlock hissed at Anderson before releasing John to start pacing again, this time in thought rather than anger.
"Brixton, Lauriston Gardens." The Alpha panted out.
"And, I just caught you a serial killer. More or less. May I please go to my John?" Sherlock begged. Lestrade took a deep, calming breath.
"Why have I got this blanket? They keep putting this blanket on me." John overheard Sherlock complain when Lestrade walked up to him after having done a round of the crime scene.
"The phone?" John asked looking away from the case to Sherlock who smiled proudly at him.
"Hello." John said to the woman honestly not expecting her to replay.
Movement on the other side of the door caught John's attention. Had Sherlock made it safely into the building? Or was Van Coon actually home? Hoping that it was Sherlock and not Van Coon, John rung the door bell. "Sherlock?" He called out. What was taking him so long to let him in? John couldn't hear any signs of a scuffle so Sherlock wasn't fighting anyone. "Sherlock, are you okay?" He asked when he didn't receive an answer from the Alpha. "Sherlock, if you can hear me, please let me in." John sucked in a breath when he caught what sounded like something crashing open. Was he actually fighting with someone?
"Mrs Hudson?" Sherlock asked worried.
"'Piss off.'" The Alpha growled out as they pulled up to the crime scene. And though John had known it was a crime scene when he followed Sherlock into the taxi, seeing the tape and multiple police officers still shocked John. He knew he had taken too long to exit the taxi when Sherlock suddenly leaned over him and open the door. When Sherlock gently nudged his side, John quickly exited the taxi and stepped aside to allow Sherlock to follow him. "Did I get anything wrong?" The Alpha asked him as he fixed his gloves looking around the crime scene. It took John a second to realize what he had been asked.
"Okay, everybody, we're done here." Lestrade said and everyone stopped what they were doing and left leaving only him and Lestrade. "Why did he do that? Why did he have to leave?"
"I don't understand." Dimmok said.
"Got your breath back?" Sherlock asked as John's laughter subsided to giggles.
"So, why do you put up with him?" John asked.
"Hello, dear. Come in." Mrs Hudson said pulling from her hug and stepping aside.
"Who's this?" Sally demanded.
"Mine was in the bedroom." Sherlock informed the Omega as he sent an e-mail to Sebastian informing him to be expecting them within the hour.
"Oh, no, I ensured it." Sherlock corrected proudly causing John to laugh in amazement as the door finally opened to an elderly Omega woman.
"You're wearing lipstick. You weren't wearing lipstick before." He noted catching her off guard.
"Frankly a bloody awful cabbie." John said with a smirk causing Sherlock to chuckle.
"Cleared off before we got here." Lestrade said looking over and noticing John just standing there, pretending to look around. "But a guy like that would have had enemies, I suppose. One of them could have been following him, but... we've got nothing to go on."
"I recognize the paint." He told them. "It's like Michigan hardcore propellant. I'd say zinc." The young Omega said looking up from the phone to stare at John and Sherlock's clasped hands with a blank look.
"Breathing! Breathing's boring." Sherlock told him.
"Okay." Molly breathed out, a hairs breath from crying, before she quickly left the room. There was a slight twinge of guilt at that. Molly, though Beta, was a lovely girl and one of the few people Sherlock could stand to be around for longer than a few minutes, she was also one of those few people that stood by Sherlock even after knowing him.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock asked.
"Why?" She growled out.
"I reckon he would have been perfect." Sherlock muttered. "Businessman, making frequent trips to Asia. Lukis was the same, a journalist writing about China. Both of them smuggled stuff about. The Lucky Cat was their drop-off."
"So, tell me what you've deduced about the case." John told him.
"So, I'm basically filling in for your skull?" John asked with an amused smile.
"But if his door was locked from the inside, how did the killer get in?" Dimmok called after them.
"Pity, we could have split the fee." He joked and wondered if he had made the situation worse when John tensed, before relaxing with a laugh. Right, John was better, back to the case. Slowly, almost as if he were reluctant, Sherlock removed his arms from around John and took a step back, taking a few sniffs as he did. He became very pleased with himself when his scent was the only thing he could smell on John.
"Yes, sorry, yes, Mike, hello." John said shuffling his cane to his other hand to shake the hand Mike had offered him. John instantly noted the bonding ring on Mike's finger and tried to shove off the anger and resentment he suddenly felt. It wasn't Mike's fault that he was useless now.
"What?" He demanded.
Him and John quickly fell into a routine. Sherlock would get up in the morning after holding John all night and visit his mind palace and into John's wing to categorize everything he had learned about John the night before. John would wake up and enter the living room wearing the house coat Sherlock would leave out for the Omega, and go into the kitchen to make him breakfast and a cuppa while also making Sherlock some toast and a cuppa as well.
He tried to force himself to go back to thinking about either the case or his plan, but that scent on John was making it very hard. Sherlock was suddenly hyper aware of John and his pacing between his spot in front of Sherlock and checking out the window for something. Did John think that he would suddenly appear? Though, Sherlock didn't put it past him.
"Come on, John." Sherlock said before practically dragging John away.
"No, it... fine." Sherlock told him giving John an odd look, and John felt as if Sherlock was once again about to scent him, kiss him, or both and he didn't know if he liked the feeling or not.
"Have a seat, John." The man said pointing towards a chair that was waiting for him. John ignored the man's request (order) and remained standing, he would rather not allow the man the upper hand.
"I worry about him. Constantly." The man said and John scoffed and rolled his eyes.
"Wait until you get the ballistics report. The bullet in his brain wasn't fired from his gun, I guarantee it." Sherlock said before taking John by the wrist and began to lead him out of the apartment.
"We'll just have a map reference, not a name." Lestrade said as John watched the screen for when the GPS activated.
"How can it not be suicide?" John asked. Sherlock sighed before turning his attention away form John to the Alpha on the bed, the poor Beta woman who was taking pictured of the crime scene having to scurry out of his way.
"But?" Sherlock said.
Mother." Sherlock informed him. "This is my brother, Mycroft. Putting on weight again?"
"Do you want to be?" Sherlock asked in a guarded voice.
"Afghanistan." John said as Molly entered with his coffee. "Sorry, how did you know..."
"Sherlock!" John hissed at him from the alley way. Too focused on the case, Sherlock continued into the apartment, knocking into a vase, but caught it before it could hit the ground, causing it to spill a bit of the water that was in it. A fresh puddle of water on the rug alerted Sherlock that he hadn't been the first one to enter through the window that day.
"Sherlock," John started nervously and Sherlock's heart lept, was John going to ask Sherlock to buy him something, because he would in a heart beat, "you know I'll pay you back, right?" That hurt, but at the same time, he didn't expect anything less from John. He was an independent person and Sherlock wouldn't change him for the world. "Sherlock, are you listening?"
"Here. It's in 221B Baker Street." John told him as they shared a look.
"I didn't realize that the case would be pink until you said so back at the crime scene." John muttered.
"Never mind that, we found the case." Anderson said. "According to someone the murderer has the case and we found it in the hands of our favourite psychopath." John balled his fist up and tried to removed himself from Sherlock to go punch Anderson in the face, but Sherlock refused to let him go.
"Why not? Given that text I just had you send and the fact that I have her case it's a perfectly logical assumption." Sherlock said, part of him wanted John to accuse him already and be done with it while another part was desperate for John to believe him.
"That door didn't open last night?" Sherlock asked as Sebastian pulled up last night's logs to show that, no, the door had not opened at all the day before.
"Oh he can hurt you, but he won't." Sherlock growled out and became annoyed when John's distress and anger refused to leave. Sherlock looked at John again, what was it that was distressing and upsetting John so much? And then he saw it. "He offered you money to spy on me." John's distress and anger rose.
"Her phone." Sherlock agreed. "Where's her mobile phone? There was no phone on the body, there's no phone in the case." He watched John's mind began to race, looking at all the puzzle pieces scattered about and trying to put them together. Usually Sherlock would just tell the person the answer, but right now he wanted to see how long it would take John to figure it out. "We know she had one. That's her number there. You just texted it."
"I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. And your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Barts, so Army doctor, obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp's really bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic, wounded in action then. Wounded in action, sun tan... Afghanistan or Iraq." Sherlock finished.
"This one did. Will you come?" The Alpha asked.
"Come on John." Sherlock ordered causing John to run faster. They ran across roof tops with John easily keeping up with Sherlock until they came across a gap that seemed slightly to large for John to jump causing him to slide to a stop. "Come on John! We're losing him!" Sherlock cried having also stopped when he realized John was no longer following him. John backed up and took a running leap and made the gap before they continued running.
"Show me." The man ordered. The two stood in tense silence as John battled himself. He wanted to know what the hell the man was talking about but at the same time he wanted to leave. Finally, John held up his left hand. The man walked closer and reached out to touch it and John growled and snapped at him. The man gave him a reprimanding look before gently taking a hold of John's hand. "Remarkable." He said with a smirk as he let John's hand go.
"We found it." John said with a smile as Sherlock continued down the road. Sherlock lead them to the same restaurant that Eddie Van Coon had stopped off at and ordered John a drink.
"Does it?" John asked.
Sherlock quickly reentered the office, shut the balcony door and exited the office though the door. He shut the office door, it locked automatically. Now, it was time to see where on this floor someone could easily see the symbols. He began going up and down the cubicles. But either a screen or pillar was blocking the symbols from view. And then, in an office off to the side, he found the perfect view, the only view, that allowed him to see both symbols clearly. Whatever those symbols were, they meant for the owner of this office.
"Keep looking, guys." Lestrade told his team. "Or you could help us properly and I'll stand them down."
"I'll be back." John told him before leaving again. Once the door to the building had slammed shut, Sherlock released a breath. It still felt strange to worry about what someone else thought about him. It felt even stranger to worry if that person would leave him alone or not. Sherlock was used to people leaving him and had been fine being alone, at least until John entered his life. Now that he knew what if felt like to be cared for and to care for someone else, he didn't want to lose that feeling again.
Sherlock, keeping a steady pace that was neither too fast nor too slow for John, lead the Omega down the street towards Angelo's while texting Angelo that he would be needing his window table and to be expecting him and a date. He was pretty sure that John hadn't had dinner yet. He couldn't have John passing out from malnutrition. John wasn't like him, he needed to eat regularly.
"I think he wants me to take a look." Sherlock taunted her.
"And you couldn't bear to be anywhere else. That's not the John Watson I know." Mike said with a laugh.
"What are you saying?" John asked causing Sherlock to growl in annoyance. Was John purposefully not listening to get back at him for ignoring him or was he really not able to understand him? Either way, it was annoying. Focusing his attention back on searching for clues, Sherlock noticed an imprint of a foot in the rug.
"Not in a police car, I'll be right behind." Sherlock finally answered.
"I, uh... I refreshed it a bit." Molly told him shyly as hope shined in her eyes. She had put it on in hopes to catch his attention, and she had thought it had worked.
"Not interested." Sherlock told him closing his book and noticing that the swordsman's sword was sticking too far out. He quickly used the hill of his shoe to push it farther under his chair before John could see it. "I sent them a message." He said with a proud smirk. And then John noticed the scratch. Sherlock had to force himself to remain calm as he waited for John's reaction. But all he did was sigh in annoyance while running his finger along the scratch.
