Tony grabbed an apple that stood on the island in a bowl and cleaned it with his sweater.
"The next time you make weapons, check who you give them to."
He heard a sigh from Clint but ignored it. Carefully, he sat down on the armrest of Natasha's chair and tried to look relaxed. Only now could he really look at Steve and the person next to him. The Winter Soldier sat next to him, staring at Tony. His brown hair hung down his pale and leached face, but his eyes showed the same pride Tony had seen before.
"Are there medical aids inside?"
"Keep going", Steve roared back. At least the heroes had to try otherwise the whole US could be lost. The whole east coast was under threat, and if that was done, the creatures would certainly go further.
Tony was only marginally aware of the explosion. He felt more like the gravitation was reversing and suddenly he was under fire. He felt the pressure that made his eardrums quiver and he felt that he could not breathe when he was thrown against a tree with full force. For a moment he saw nothing, then he heard the beeping in his ear. The next moment he choked again and felt Friday open his helmet so that more air could flow into his lungs. The beeping was interspersed with shots and screams. And a roar that made him feel pure panic. Tony vomited before he could do something. He nodded weakly as his eyes blurred again and it turned black.
Pepper had often told Tony that Barnes had been brainwashed, which had helped him accept that the man was still alive, but not to like him more. If she was not in China because of Stark Industries, she would probably stand next to him and say the same thing right now.
Bucky shook his head. "Doesn’t look that way. He moves. I think he saw us!"
The Briton smiled. "See. It’s just fine.
And, as if nothing had happened, he closed the window again and Tony looked at the image of an island that formed the desktop wallpaper. He had to pull himself together, not to cry, as he stared at the ground below. Still nobody moved, they were all affected. They stood in silence until Steve reached out and gently placed his Hand on Tony's. His eyes stared for a few moments at the hands that lay on top of each other. He felt the warmth of Steve, whom he had already missed so much. He looked up into watery eyes, but then he tore his hands away and stumbled back a few steps.
"Why shouldn’t they discuss their issues?" Wanda interjected. Natasha looked at her for a moment, then spoke up. "Friday," she asked the AI, "are Rogers and Rhodes debating their problems?"
Rhodey’s weapon variety caused several creatures to perish in front of him, but consequently more and more monsters came out again and made their way to the crowded deck.
He pulled his chair closer to the screen and tried to calm his breathing. It was quiet in the workshop, the noise was gone. By now, all the other agents and Avengers who were in the headquarters would be able to watch the video. At least inasmuch as they were in a room where Friday worked, Tony thought ruefully. They were all probably just waiting for a sound or an image,
Steve had preferred Bucky to him, had gone away and was now being searched. Tony had tried to arrange things so that they could be acquitted again, but Steve would not sign the deal. He was sure.
The colonel quickly looked at his cell phone. "But I'll have to leave now. The conference will start soon. It was nice to finally see you alive!"
"Nice to see you again," Natasha greeted, raising Steve's real shield and throwing it at him. Then she turned to the fighting.
Bucky stared uneasily at the clock on the wall of the living room. "Has anyone seen something of Steve today?" he finally asked what had bothered him since the early morning.
James was watched expectantly. "The
The doctor quickly said goodbye and took a few steps away, probably to write down Tony's answers. But he couldn’t see that, because a new doctor pushed herself into his field of vision. He groaned, annoyed. The woman had a clipboard in her hand. It was like he didn’t spent millions of dollars on the most modern equipment!
Tony felt the panic rising. He felt like a child – unable to do something. He wanted to cry.
, a voice in his head said very quietly, but he shook his head and ignored it. Tony needed him.
"Not much further south. There is a clearing, barely visible from above, but big enough for the plane. That's not far from Mr. Rhode's landing position."
Both had calmed down over time, at least externally. Tony's mind flickered, sometimes staring at his screen for several minutes, before remembering he had to keep working, and Steve also often seemed absent-minded.
"No, you don’t have that, Stark, that's right. But they have trading partners who can adjust the supplies, and then the production."
"That’s not answering my question."
His mediators looked around restlessly. Burkwill knew he scared them. He knew each and every one of them, as well as he knew every other person in the world.
Rhodey nodded. "I’m sure SHIELD’s got incredibly intelligent people working with those aliens. And if they didn’t find something, then you’ll hardly be able to do so in your condition."
Thank you, V_cameos for your comment on the last chapter. It's super nice from you to take the time.
And since then they were fighting.
"Because it's important!" Rhodey shouted. He had stood up and walked toward Tony. "I know you're feeling like shit. Damn it, Tony!"
When Tony woke up, panic overcame him. His hands, his fingers, even his eyes didn’t obey. He knew that he had to lie somewhere, probably in a bed. But his body didn’t respond to his orders. The panic grew bigger and bigger. He tried to break free, but it felt like his nightmares: he couldn’t escape, he couldn’t get out. Desperately, he tried to scream for help, but nothing happened. Then he heard a noise. A door opened a few feet away. Tony listened attentively. There was a brief silence, and then a voice, right next to Tony, spoke quietly into the direction of the door.
"You have a leaf on your suit," Burkwill almost whispered. The man had long since bridged the optimal distance between two strangers. His face was barely five inches from Tony's. Tony was about to hit him when the man pulled the leaf from his suit with a pleased grin, but he knew that would make the situation escalate.
At some point, it also became quiet in the living room and Tony, still sitting on the floor, could hear that the room doors next to him were all slowly closing. It took him half an hour before he could get up. Quietly he stood at the window and rummaged his phone out of his pocket. He tried again to call Pepper, but again the answering machine was the only thing to be heard. He rubbed his hand over his face. He knew he had to do something. His gaze wandered back to the door, then back to the window.
Steve wondered. But his thoughts were interrupted by a loud gong announcing that the press conference would soon be starting.
Tears gathered in his eyes. No, he would not cry in front of Natasha. She had not seen him weak yet, he was not allowed to change that now. His lips trembled slightly, but he was still staring at the screen on which another reporter was doing some analysis of the combat.
They had all seen the danger from their hiding place in the forest, just a few miles from Toms River, a small town in New Jersey. Since the fight against "Team Iron Man" they had to hide away; they had been searched by the government, and after Bucky had healed and thawed again, they had said goodbye to Wakanda and made their way back to the States to grow silent and unnoticed contact with Natasha in the hope that she might help to find a permanent solution.
It bothered him when someone entered his workshop. A property he must have inherited from his father. Even though as a child he never wanted to be like the man who gave him his name, he lately often shockingly found parallels.
Then, with all the strength he could muster, Vision opened the hood of the shell and threw the grenade into it.
Tony could only hope that people were searching in his area. If he remembered it correctly, the nearest beach at Toms River was not on the mainland, but rather on a long island a few miles away.
Tony looked at the faces of his audience. Some of the agents wrote down information, others stared at him and listened attentively. Vision had moved his chair backwards and Wanda was playing with her hands on a chain. Rhodey looked at him worriedly, and Fury slowly tapped his fingers on the table. His grumpy expression was still on him, and his uninjured eye pierced Tony.
Natasha did not miss that either, and gave Steve and Maximoff a worried look. But finally, she took a breath. "We have just received a video from an unknown source. We were able to decrypt it now and play it," she explained.
He got up so suddenly that the chair fell backwards. He kicked his leg against the table, almost breaking the glass. Head down, Dum-E shoved some old Iron Man pieces of armor toward him before the robot left quickly. Tony stared at it.
This time, Steve bridged the gap.
Shocked, Steve stopped and breathed loudly. He stared nervously at the tree and squinted, but then he suddenly ran. A branch scratched sharply at his upper arm, but he didn’t care, he kept running.
More Avengers were not there yet, but a reddish-blond head of hair caught Tony's eye.
He quickly turned his eyes to the ground. He felt his hands begin to sweat as Bucky's face appeared in his mind.
His hand balled into fists and he lifted his lips.
"Stark?" Fury asked and Tony winced. "Everything alright with you?"
is overstrained. I'm not happy about that at all; I had something else to do with him. Kima, Xi, take care of it. General, are you ready soon? Would you please keep an eye on Stark?"
Without being able to prevent it, tears had searched the way down his cheeks. He sensed that Steve was no different. But he also knew that Steve was not so upset about the words of Zemo, but about his friend. "We have the best doctors in the world, Steve. Bucky’ll be well again, he- "
"And Rogers," Fury continued through the laptop. "Actually, you are still not in full permission to leave the quarters. We've made sure you're allowed in Boston but stay in the background as much as you can. We can’t use any further problems."
"What the hell was that?" Bucky shouted, shooting wildly to protect himself from seven smaller monsters who attacked him.
"Tony!" He shouted, hoping the other one would hear him. As Steve looked over the fallen tree, a fox looked at him and fled straight through the undergrowth.
"Thanks," Steve murmured to himself. He had already supplanted the artificial intelligence. In any case, he had not missed the voice from nowhere in recent months. "On our way."
Slowly he tried to lift his trembling hands. His right arm did not obey, and a stabbing pain dragged from the heel of his hand to his shoulder. Sharply, he breathed in and squinted on the arm, which was littered by wounds. He swallowed when he saw the bones must have been broken and turned his head away as fast as he could.
Now all came up through this video again. In front of other people, he still managed to bury those emotions. But when he was alone, ...
"The Avengers have all been released, said the president at a news conference a few minutes ago. Whether the Avengers are now independent of the United Nations remains unclear," the young woman spoke seriously into the microphone. “After what had happened in Toms River, we all should be happy to have such a protective measure, so he said. After the air battle at about three in the evening and after, so say witnesses, Tony Stark sacrificed himself to end the danger, the cleanup and searching work continues. Inhabitants are told to report if they either know something about the billionaire or observe unusual activities."
People had to believe he was dead, they wouldn’t have to look for him, it would be a waste of time. They had to deal with an alien threat.
Neither would he be dead now. Once more, Steve breathed, then cautiously climbed over a small rock and walked into the big sandstone cave. Everywhere was the same beige tone, only on the floor was filled with the light sand. And in the center of the cave lay Tony, deathly pale, with several wounds, with burned skin, with an open fracture on his right arm.
"Quiet!" Shouted the lunatic now. He stepped closer to Tony and grinned as the mechanic fell silent. "Or you want that not all five, but only four of your comrades to get out of here? Or even less." He looked around. "Vision, are you still mad at me because of our disagreement? We said I forgive you and you forgive me."
"That's why I get in touch. We have received a signal, albeit weak. It came from an area east of Trondheim, Norway, but it came over several corners to us and was sent off days ago. We don’t know where they are now, but I can send you what we have. Maybe that's the same as what you know."
Tony didn’t move, just stared blankly at the screen.
"Glad to see you again, too" Tony replied dryly. A real smile replaced the fake one and he was relieved to see his best friend again.
Tony and the others nodded in approval. Nevertheless, this information did not help, the area where the missing persons could be was still too big.
Slowly he tried to turn his head. His whole body ached, he still felt the strong throb of his head; his ribs and right forearm ached, in addition to several other places. But he managed to turn his head. What he saw then made his eyes go wide.
Without further ado, he pulled Steve back down into a hug. He pressed his head into the crook of his shoulder and enjoyed the silence.
He straightened quickly, but one hand grabbed his leg. With beating hearts and too much adrenaline in his body, Tony looked down. "I’ll do it," Vision said weakly. "I cannot get out of here anyway."
Tony nodded, even though the other man could not see him. "Mens et Manus," Tony muttered.
Fury's shoulders slumped down and he sighed briefly, almost imperceptibly. "Since it is unclear how you can carry out missions independently of superordinate commands, the government says you should stay here. The Avengers are not allowed to participate in the search for Stark," he said. Steve's eyes widened.
Burkwill laughed. "I said everything I wanted to say except one thing: Fuck you, Stark. See you in hell."
"What kind of trigger?", someone else asked. The mechanic raised his eyebrows as Steve looked down. Fury spoke up and the camera pointed quickly at him.
"But first I have something to show you," whispered Burkwill again. He nodded to the lake, which stretched out below them. "There are my people sitting. And there," he said, pointing to the other side of the bridge. "And there."
"Tony? Do you hear me?"
"We are east of Trondheim, the information from the boy brought us here. We were in a valley that has no name. About three hours east of the city. As a small river flows through, which comes exactly from a mountain. The valley was still large, and there was much of a slimy liquid beside the water. The creatures are said to have come from here, at least that's how the boy described it."
The Russian sighed. "He never told me what happened. But we all understood that it was bad. He’s still Tony. He’s resilient and will recover. Your shield was down at the lab the whole time and he was also working on a prototype for new suits for all of you. He still has you on the screen, just give him the time he needs. But don’t forget that we’ve got other tasks as well."
he thought.
I wish you all a nice start into the next year!
Thank you so much, V_cameos, for your comment. It really meant a lot to me.
"Do not bother tracking. That makes no sense. Where were we? Right. The traitor. Henry Anderson, handsome young guy. Had a great career before him as a computer scientist. Unfortunately, he is young and needs money, too bad. He is hardly to blame, he had to pay for his mother's surgery. She was injured years ago on her vacation in Washington, DC. Due to a helicarrier, she had badly injured her legs. Has been sitting in a wheelchair with the money ever since, which Henry's little brother is no longer using for college. The poor had to drop out of school and now wait for a bad apartment in Kansas City. But that doesn’t interest you, does it?"
"They should feel safe. And they will. They will become inattentive and then we continue with another phase."
The inventor sighed. "Okay. Then I’ll take a look at that thing again. Dum-E, will you bring me a coffee, please?"
Steve let out a slow breath and two agents pulled a short face.
"Steve, you have to go, turn off the center. Otherwise there could be more aliens and the fight would start again. Come on, that's your job."
"Thank goodness you're there, the two are going crazy!", Tony finally greeted him and threw himself into his arms. His lips searched for each Steve’s and he smelled the smell of nature, sweat and Steve. He could only hear weakly that Clint muttered something like "What did I say? Ministeves."
Tony raised his eyebrows.
"That's practically everything you could find about Burkwill."
At that moment the elevator doors opened and Tony jumped up immediately when he could see his boyfriend. Steve looked tired but smiled enthusiastically at him anyway.
Clint could not really believe what the others were saying and quickly lowered the plane and turned the nose slightly. Now he saw it too: it was Steve carrying Tony over his shoulder.
The look of Natasha could have killed, but Tony had to smile despite the serious situation. It somehow seemed like three months ago. Rhodey said something and Tony nodded in agreement. They were fine. The grip on his shoulder grew a little stronger, and he realized that Wanda said nothing.
Steve shrugged and gestured to Tony to open the package. Still, the two stood facing each other and the mechanic knew that Steve was scrutinizing him as he slowly opened the side of the package.
"If I hadn’t back then, I would certainly now, after I've already been told that twenty times during the last hour or so. Yes, I understand it. I did the right thing anyway."
Tony told himself that everyone was fine because he had other problems to deal with. His new suit caused him problems in some places. A lighting feature did not really work. A small matter, but if one thing did not work, there would be problems elsewhere, so he had the suit scanned again, so he could deal with it again after the therapy.
"What is it?"
, Tony read quietly and knew Steve was doing the same. Tony gulped over the curious letterhead and once turned the paper to see if he was reading the wrong page, but the back was empty.
Tony hand touched the place on his cheek where he had been hit the first time in his life. He had been seven years old when, one night, when he thought the whole house was sleeping, he sneaked into the workshop to get to experiment properly. Not only in "his" workshop, his nursey where he could build light circuits and stored a lot of theoretical stuff, but in the big one.
Fury annoyingly twisted his eye. "To not endanger the further action. Information must be kept secret."
He turned quickly.
was that he should throw Stark away from him. He did that successfully. Stark had to survive with the new suit."
"He ran amok. He just came out of some hiding place when we got you to the helicopter. Bucky is ... He's still in mortal danger. Zemo just shot randomly, he would have hit you if Buck had not been there. I ran after him."
So, now we are getting somewhere. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. I had a lot of fun writing this. This James guy is lovely to write.
"No, just promise that you'll be more into it. And Tony," he added, "promise you won’t go looking for the psychopath alone. Please."
Steve remembered that the mechanic had told him in an eternally long lecture what the whole plane could do and how he had flown with it for the first time. Tony's eyes had blazed as he talked about the whole technique, even though he knew that Steve probably didn’t understand.
"And where exactly is this brain supposed to be?" asked Clint. "The thing that keeps the ship going is not likely to be it, is it?"
Steve even smelled the monsters. The stinging smell of rotten eggs was stiff in the air, even though it was so restless. Steve briefly climbed on two stacked creatures and could see over all the monsters to the entrance of the building. More and more monsters were streaming out of the grey huge door, all screaming like crazy.
"The object is slowly moving towards the metropolis, you can even see the explosions from down here, a few hundred yards below the plane. Just now we got the message that the fighters at the place are certainly the sought-after Steven Rogers, alias Captain America, who keeps the danger at bay with other Avengers, presumably Clinton Barton, James Barnes, Samuel Wilson and Wanda Maximoff. Whether the last of the searched-for Avengers, the as Ant-Man known newcomer Scott Lang fights on the plane, cannot be confirmed yet", the woman clenched her hair with one hand, as a particularly violent windstorm swept through the street. Helicopters flew up in the background, though there was still no danger to see in the camera.
The other heroes in the headquarter were obviously worried about what was wrong with him, after all, he looked so bad and even the cheeky sayings he kept dropping no longer came as fast as a shot, as they used to be. They seemed tormented as if he would do everything to ensure that no one noticed what was wrong with him.
"Clint, go left!" shouted Steve Rogers to his companion. The huge flying ship was littered with unconscious or dead aliens.
"You should’ve told me. You knew it. You should have said
Also; have you seen the Avengers 4 trailer? I mean, wow. I'm kinda scared. Man. I cannot wait for that movie.
"Oh, Stark," he murmured, "you're dead."
Tony, Steve and Dragenbach ran out from under the bridge and stood directly in front of two smaller aliens. Dragenbach reacted immediately and fired his gun into the face of the first of those things, causing it to fall to the ground, and Steve punched the shield in the unprotected neck of the other alien. As they ran up the small hill to the bridge Tony could hardly believe what he saw. He could make out Clint, who was standing on a tree and firing arrows, while Natasha and some agents fired at the little aliens that could be dangerous to them. Barnes stood nearby and knocked a monster to the ground. Somewhere above them Rhodey flew and fired at the
he thought, but that didn’t calm him down. He cursed his good memory for remembering the mountaineer who cut his own arm off in order to get out of the cave he has fallen into.
But when he opened his eyes he could see more than the last time. The sandstone above him seemed to be a kind of cave he had somehow fallen into, the sky at the edge of his field of vision was now covered with a few clouds. And he actually lay on the sand. In the distance, he heard the ocean. Still, each breath hurt and the little wind that made it into the cave had swirled sand into his mouth. He coughed and cramped.
"Why not?" someone shouted again.
"She’s safe. We got the emergency call."
The ice-blue eyes still floated in front of Tony's face, seconds after the image had disappeared.
. Tony investigated the faces of the others. Steve's eyes were on Barnes, who was still some feet away from them. Natasha and Clint looked around attentively.
And then Rhodey left the room and Tony was alone again.
"Very precisely drawn. Why didn’t she publish the picture earlier, she could’ve made money with it."
, he thought.
"I wanted to see how you're doing," he replied, watching Tony stiffen. Of course, he wanted that. Because he was as interested as he was three months ago in Siberia. Tony snorted briefly before letting his head hang down.
Slowly a few of the shadows loosened and sipped on the bridge. Tony shuddered when he saw that two of the alien beings - the smaller ones - were accompanying the persons. He could see them poorly in the little light, but he saw that one of the people limped heavily. When they reached the middle of the bridge, they stopped and were pushed to the ground.
The few nurses who were currently in the huge building slept or were inattentive. Their eyes were on the devices, which constantly displayed the exact values of the condition of the sick. The Person moved silently across the floor, thinking of the plump woman in the entrance room, who now slept peacefully. She would only find out she was not paying close enough attention to her patient once the guard changed.
"A photo," Tony said as he pulled the light frame out of the brown paper. It was a simple wooden frame and in the middle of it was the yellowed photo of a family of five. Tony's forehead wrinkled; he had never seen these people before.
"The two," explained Burkwill, "cannot walk anymore. Neither of them can, at least not fast. They will not get to your hiding place fast enough, even if they knew where it was. As I said, you do not have to hope. But obviously, you are not as optimistic as you always say. I thought I might surprise you if I didn't give out every agent."
"We have," he said, and with the words, the tightness in his throat and lungs slowly resolved, "roughly determined the position from where the things came. East of Trondheim, we could make out the origin through two independent sources. The creatures must have run south and probably run there on a river into the airships. We can assume that years ago a larger herd took this route, or perhaps the same one that fought over Toms River. These beings are not the creation of science, because hundreds of years ago these things were probably seen, too. So, we have to assume that this is alien life."
He stared into the darkness. His breathing quickened as he suddenly remembered being quarantined in a dark room as a child when he was ill. He had vomited several times during the night and finally woke up to a nightmare, shouting, but his mother hadn’t heard him. He hadn’t found the strength to get up and search for her, so he just sat there in the cold, dark room in Brooklyn, crying.
I'd love to read what you think. Is there something I can do better?
"I found you," he mumbled and took a step forward. "I've found you," the captain muttered again and again.
"Dumm-E, bring a chair," Tony said suddenly, "that could take a while, let's not leave Steve standing around."
impossible?" asked Clint.
It took a while, but Tony heard the fire and ambulance sirens before he could open his eyes again. He lay on the muddy ground. Water splashed beside him and Friday opened his mask so that cold rain fell on his face. People ran around and suddenly someone threw himself next to him and frantically said his name.
"Bring him up for questioning and then quickly back when everything is clean," Fury said, addressing two agents who immediately took Barnes with them. The man struggled briefly as the two agents grabbed him by the elbow, then let it pass over him.
Steve could see the pain and the inner turmoil. But he knew that for the time being he would only make things worse. The soldier stood slowly, patting Tony slightly on the upper arm, and looked sadly down at the man lying on the bed. “You know, Rhodes had been here most of the time, too”, he said. Tony did not answer. He knew it anyways.
"This conclusion is not in the files but seems logical. These beings had a spaceship, boss. According to SHIELD agents, the aliens aren’t smart enough to build something like that. And the ship must have been seen from New York at least on the radar, but no one has reported anything. Either the aliens can do more than we think or they came in a very unusual way to Toms River."
"Shit," Tony mumbled, steering his suit towards the two soldiers, who were probably in deep trouble. With his repulsor, he put down two aliens, but more of the things came crawling from all corners of the park. There were holes in the ground as the critters came rushing out of there. Steve and Bucky were pushed further and further in the direction of a tree. Tony wanted to fly in to get them out, but the aliens grabbed him and he had to dodge. He could not fly in from above because the tree was too old, too dense, for him to get through.
"Zemo’s dead," he said in the end. His voice was flatter than usual, and Tony frowned. That did not make sense to him. What did Zemo have to do with this?
"Why didn’t you do it then?" he asked the lunatic for the first time. His voice was hoarse. Steve beside him stiffened at the question, but Tony needed to know.
Steve turned his head so that he looked back at Fury. The man looked more tired than he did three months ago, and his voice was not as powerful as usual. Nevertheless, he kept his back straight, obviously trying to radiate strength and authority.
"That what?" the other asked.
Tony winced when Steve said his name two hours later.
Fury actually thought for a moment about that, then shook his head. "Not here. The camera crew there is filming every step and I don’t want to know how many bugs have accumulated in this room over the years that haven’t been removed yet. I also can’t promise you the given information was correct."
"New York, then?" Tony asked to end the silence that was about to go over the elevator. He looked directly at Natasha. Steve was standing right next to the door, but he tried not to look at him. He only glanced at the man who studied him. He wore a white T-shirt and a leather jacket over it. The pants were wide and exactly the style Steve had three months ago.
have not failed”, he stated quietly. They had to pay attention to get his words. They had to listen carefully. “And yes, Lady Elise is right: they still write about politics. This is the eternal weakness of the people: they do not see the real problems. While writing about politics, a ship of aliens has attacked a city not long before. People have died.
Tony took a deep breath and slowly moved away from the slippery branch on the side of the tree where Burkwill and his people would hopefully not recognize him so quickly.
The place. Tony needed to find out where he needed to go.
I wish you a nice day!
"Yeah, it’s me", came her answer through the earpieces.
"What?" Steve asked, torn from his thoughts. The Avenger had stood next to Steve and apparently watched him. "Sit down," Steve told him, pointing to the white leather chair across from him. "I'm not restless."
(See the end of the chapter for
he rolled his eyes in annoyance. Fury said a few seconds ago that no further information would be given.
Tony froze. That was Steve. On the other side, someone let out an irritated breath. Tony tried to open his eyes, but they still didn’t obey. He wanted to shout something, but not a single sound left his mouth. The others had searched for him - and had found him.
"Please take your role in world politics seriously," Hill concluded, closing the hologram. She nodded to Natasha and Clint before looking again at Steve and Rhodey. "For Tony's sake."
"Or little Tonys," Natasha interjected, but Tony laughed indignantly.
"Damned lack of time," he cursed. "One day later and I’d be fine!"
"Blueberries?" Steve asked, holding up a box of these. Tony barely noticed the other man's voice trembling, but grinned weakly and got up. His shoulder was bandaged and thumping, but otherwise, most of the pain had passed. There were patches and bandages all over, but it did not hurt much.
You know that - you should've signed the agreement. You know what happens. Since Ultron, we’ve known what happens when we act by our selves. We shouldn’t have fought. You knew it." Tony stared at him. "For how long did you know?" he asked, not wanting to hear the answer. He stared at Steve who nodded slightly. "How were you able to be around me?" his voice broke a bit but Steve didn't seem to notice.
'Take something to eat with you, if you go searching - NF', was written on it with a spangled handwriting and finally, Steve could smell the buns. For a moment he just stared at the bag, then smiled slightly. With his hand, he grabbed a bun from the bag and pushed the door open.
Tony nodded and thought a moment too long. Steve looked at him worriedly. Those blue eyes seemed to pierce him.
"You really don’t want to move here with your family, Clint?" He finally asked. "I could use a bit more modern company here, it's all so empty right now."
A beer bottle fell to the ground and the man staggered to pick it up before he stepped forward two more feet and was now better for Tony to see. Disappointed, he leaned back and the homeless sipped past his hiding place as if Tony did not exist. After half a minute, the man suddenly stopped and turned back around, staring right where Tony was. Carefully, the mechanic pulled his hands up and laid them on the arc reactor to dampen the bluish glow. The man stared for a few more seconds before putting his bottle to his mouth and shrugging.
He pointed to the cell phone that was still on the table, but Steve nodded. "I travelled the world with him for three months."
The doctor blushed, but at the same time he narrowed his eyes in annoyance. "Excuse me, Mr. Stark. But I had to ask that because- "
"But at least we know who we're dealing with," Tony replied, coughing again. "Then we’ll have to wait now."
Steve took a deep breath and Rhodey turned slightly as Maria Hill put a hand on Fury's shoulder and said something quietly into his ear. Fury nodded and put his hands in his side.
"Stop!", he called and got up. "Release him, you want me!" He said. He knew that the others were getting ready behind him. "He still passed information behind our backs. He has betrayed us and SHIELD and he has betrayed the United States. He will come to court. But you want me. Let's try another exchange, Burkwill."
Again he hurled the piece out of the cave, and so he did with all the parts he was able to reach. It took time, but when he finished throwing all the cables and components he was able to get out of the cave, he knew that people walking or flying outside could make out someone was nearby. If they looked closely enough.
Tony just wanted to hold on to Steve at the moment, but someone knocked on the door and the soldier sat upright. Tony reached for his hand.
Rhodey snorted. "How should we strengthen the team when the most important part is missing?"
Ironically, it would end in the city where it started for him. His studies at MIT had revealed the way for his whole future, for his production of weapons and later Iron Man armor. Tony wondered if Burkwill had done it on purpose. He sighed. It would not change anything. They had to come up with a plan to get his comrades out of the hands of the psychopath, and he was already tired. He felt the exhaustion in every pore of his body, he felt the all-nighters and the lack of real food. And he felt the pressure.
He didn’t introduce himself, nor did he greet the new arrivals, but he simply led them down a corridor, past much more civilized camera crews, and opened a door for them. It was a big, old-fashioned room, maybe an employee's office. Books adorned the walls and dark wood furniture made the room look smaller than it actually was. Maps and pictures of the presidents of the United States adorned the walls and a gold-plated clock indicated the time.
"It's okay," Steve interrupted. One clearly heard her Spanish accent when speaking. Then she turned to Tony. "Mr. Stark, I'm glad to meet you."
Tony let out a breath of amusement, shaking his head under the pillow. For a moment, both stopped, and the inventor could practically feel the piercing gaze of his friend on him.
Anxiously his mediators looked at each other. It took them some seconds before one to his left raised his voice carefully. The long gray hair fell asymmetrically into the man's face and Burkwill wrinkled his nose in disgust. "They're scared," he suggested rather than answering it.
"No more contact?" Tony asked, shocked. "Why are you saying that just now? I'll take care of it."
Steve stopped in frustration and put his hands on his knees. "Fuck!" He shouted and shot a branch that laid on the ground with his foot.
The dispute has developed, then the splitting of the Avengers, the fight and finally, today, the others came back. And Tony? He left.
. She was the only one who knew so many secrets from him.
"Watch out for ... Pepper," he finally said, hoping Lang and Dragenbach could understand him, while words like "cutting off" and "letting go" reached his ears.
"But we can plan it together and look for positions for the others. You won’t
"What do you want?"
His skull ached and his throat seemed to let no air through. He closed his eyes for a moment, concentrating on everyday things. The red alarm clock. The big window. The black wardrobe.
Steve handed Tony his cell phone and their hands touched, triggering Tony's familiar feeling. He could feel the tingling of heat that spread not only in his fingers, but then the soldier pulled his hand back and the feeling was gone as quickly as it had come.
"He knew it," he whispered. "He knew it all the time and didn’t fucking tell me."
"You don’t have to go there alone," he still tried, his voice breaking.
Apologetic, Clint shrugged. "Sorry, Tony. Steve, when do you think you can separate yourself from Bucky for a few days so that Tony can get to know Laura's cooking skills?"
"Your blood levels aren’t right," she said sharply with a southern accent. "You’ll get medication. And painkillers for the bruised ribs and the arm. The flesh wounds will heal quickly. You can be lucky you’ve got no internal bleeding. This whole thing could’ve been much worse for you, Mr. Stark. The wounds from the splinters will probably be seen on your arm for a long time, but the rest will heal well."
At that moment, the mask dropped over Tony's head and he was Iron Man.
"Only because you made me have it."
Clint nodded determinedly. "Friday, can you show us again where Steve and Rhodey are?"
"Indeed. Our help could not be ruled out. After hearing about the attack, we left almost instantly to help you", Vision’s voice sounded clear and calm.
Why the Winter Soldier was part of the team again was a mystery to Tony, and he felt pressure again as he thought of what the man had done. Tony's chest rose and fell too much as he tried to regain control.
The look he gave Steve was tired and the soldier cautiously stepped one step at the other. "You don’t have to believe me, but I just want the best for Tony. I never intended to hurt him. "
Fuck it.
He took a small piece of his pizza while he dragged himself to the exit. His ribs burned again, the medication he had taken for the pain had to start working in a couple of minutes.
Only slowly could his breathing calm down again. Tony put his head in his hands. How long had he slept? Three hours, maybe four? It was too little and his body yearned for rest. It hurt.
Quickly Steve ran next to the man and searched with trembling hands for a pulse.
"I heard from Rhodey that you are awake again! You're surely back in the workshop, but you didn’t call me. Do you know how much panic rose because of you?"
"I understand what you want," Tony muttered, though the psychopath could not hear him. Steve had moved closer, staring at the screen. He pointed questioningly and Tony could only shrug his shoulders helplessly. He did not know what that track meant. The red line had stopped and showed that the way was over at this point.
I hope you all have a nice time!
"I'll tell you later. I have to go soon. Just so you know it; we were officially considered to be a self-employed team by the government. So we're the Avengers again."
"It's okay," the mechanic answered frantically, even if it was not okay. "We have to go, we can help you. And we have to find the brain."
"Don't worry," Burkwill explained. "This is not the same
Tony looked up, rebuilt the façade. He trusted Pepper, and if Wilson and Khatib had really understood, they would need more time.
It was less than an hour before he saw a reddish glow on the ground behind a tree.
Tony winced when Natasha's voice reached him. "Oh Jesus fucking Christ – “ he started looking for the redhead. She was standing next to the couch; several files were on the table and a hologram floated over it. Tony was unsure how he could not have seen her.
A woman with her black coloured hair turned her head so that her earrings jingled. "They still write about politics. Not about their lives. Not about the dead and obsequies. They don’t mourn correctly."
"Gladly," he answered, laying aside the pen he was playing with. He turned to his screen, hoping Pepper would start a video call. He waited until Friday connected them.
Thanks for all the kudos! I would be over the moon if I've got some comments! That would be super nice.
"That's a lot," Wanda replied wide-eyed, but Barton shook his head. "Hardly something usable. We don’t know where he lives, where he is, what he is able to do. If he manages a company that makes weapons among other things, then he can have a large amount of it and surprise us."
None of the agents and Avengers in the room moved.
solve it by freezing all in self-pity or choosing to go all alone. Or stir up hostilities that nobody wants to have."
"They say we have no other option. We have to shoot it," Rhodey replied. Steve shook his head. You couldn’t do that! How could one justify for such a mass of deaths? In his mind, he went through all the scenarios they could try.
"Tony?" he asked in disbelief, "You’re awake?"
Tony's heart pounded loudly in his chest.
"What is there to look for here? I'm sure you have something to do," Tony said, his voice trembling more than he wanted.
"What's that?" she asked pointing to the beach. Clint didn’t see where she was pointing to, his field of vision was too limited by the equipment, but Bucky ran to her so he could see better. His narrowed eyes suddenly widened as he realized what Natasha was pointing at.
Right next to the door and now behind Steve was another camera crew who kept their lenses focused on the newcomers. Four police officers were in the room and should probably provide the feeling of security. Steve felt watched.
He should go out again, she said, to sleep as one should, not only once a week in his own bed and otherwise in the cot in the workshop, but for a long time, eight hours a day in his room. Maybe get a man or a woman if it helped.
Clint glanced at the floor in front of him and then took a quick glance at Wanda. "People died because of us, but much more were saved. There may be a connection with the emergence of heroes and villains, but we have only speeded up the process. All of this would have happened later, but we protected the citizens of New York, Washington, Sokovia, and all the other places. And we regret all the mistakes we've made because maybe we could have done better. But we are people who may be a bit different, but still people. We make mistakes but we do our best to protect the nations and that is why we should continue to do so. Because it's our job. Not the army, not the police, not the United Nations, no. It's our job and that's why we should continue to be used."
His breathing slowed noticeably and his thoughts drifted off in his dozing state to his conversation with Steve earlier.
"Wow," Clint murmured dryly and then, without further ado, ran to the skylight to rip it open. Tony turned away. It was cold, but the air smelled like a zoo, so he'd rather freeze than endure all the time.
Steve swallowed, and he still didn’t answer, just saw Wanda straighten up and say something to Vision. He nodded.
Shortly he took a little break to turn around. Although the fight had been going on for ages, the soldiers of the United States army with their heavy weapons were only just beginning to arrive. Orders were shouted, men and women ran around frantically and built up as heavy guns as possible to lift hundreds of feet into the air.
She called out playing angry, but even though Tony knew she was not serious, he felt bad. He should not have forgotten her.
His hand burned as he held it in front of his eyes - as he felt the urge to cry. Still, they trembled uncontrollably and again he hit hard on the table. Something fell down, but he did not care. His chest was racing and he could not think clearly.
and similar newspapers have also brought up many of Tony's stories. We'll have to intervene a bit."
"Stay ready," Pepper whispered suddenly. Tony shook his head and pressed her head against his chin.
"That you actually wanted him to stay down here. But if you just stay silent all the time, it doesn’t make the situation any better."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony turned around briefly and tried to look at the tree, but the only thing he saw were shadows. Still, the two aliens stood like stones in front of the bridge.
"Please," he murmured through his mouth, which felt like a fur had grown on his tongue, "get me out of here." Like several times before, tears of pain ran from his eyes and now Tony had given up trying to wipe them away. No one saw him, why would he waste his energy?
"Anthony Stark!" he immediately heard the familiar voice and winced slightly. "How can you jump out of a damn plane, disappear without a trace, and then not call me when you are back?"
He remembered Peter telling him that those books were too hard to understand for the most of them.
Tony raised his eyebrows. "You've got quite something there." He had heard of the hotel in Hong Kong but had never been there before. The photos he had seen were fabulous.
Tony scrambled to his feet, trying to look relaxed as his thoughts raced. Goosebumps spread over his body. His ankles were already white, so much did he reach into the back of the sofa. "I don’t have enough weapons for this. The plan will not work," he replied, but his voice was timid. He saw that Clint nodded affirmatively as if to make the situation better.
Tony was barley ten yards from the man, alone on the bridge. The little aliens were all around the
Tony's gaze wandered down the body in disgust. The neck seemed unprotected. The black-brown skin spanned the adipose tissue, but just below the neck a kind of shell seemed to start. His hand went to the olive plate and touched it. "Rough stuff," he explained, knowing that Friday would put that on record. "Feels like wood, but seems to be a lot more stable."
But he did not get any further, because Tony interrupted his friend, who slowly got himself angry. "No, we couldn’t have done anything differently!"
Hey! I didn’t know if “The Person” is still “he” or “it” if I don't want to spoil the gender yet, so I needed to write it this way. I didn’t find out about this on the internet, neither. So, yeah, sorry for that. Maybe somebody can enlighten me?
"Sleeping places can be found everywhere," Steve replied immediately but smiled gratefully to Vision.
He wanted to cry. It couldn’t be Vision. Not him. Not with Jarvis in him. It couldn’t be.
"Okay,” the man spoke again, slowly. “So, let me tell you."
For a brief moment, no one answered, then Tony heard Clint's "Fuck" clearly.
Tony shuffled slowly from his large room to the elevator.
"No, we
Rhodey could eventually persuade Tony to go to sleep for a few hours. Both had laid down on the couch, which was still in the lab and for a moment Tony had hoped that next to him would not be Rhodey but Steve. That the breathing next to him, which became more and more regular over time, would suit the soldier, not to Rhodey, but then he focused his thoughts again. No matter what would happen in the next few days, he should not be distracted by his feelings. He knew what he really wanted now for a few hours more than ever before, at least that's how it felt, but he could not let it happen.
"Shit," Steve said now, and again Tony turned to face him. "Did you send help?" he asked Clint, who was still on the line.
"I should be there," Tony contradicted. "I can sit. And I don’t slow down with healing when I'm in front of cameras."
"No," the Brit grinned. Another man came running toward him. He looked about the same age as Burkwill. "There you are, Peter," he said. "That took a long time."
A list of data was projected into the air, which probably recorded exactly these experiments. Natasha looked at them closely, but Rhodey shook his head. "He is
"Certainly," the reporter went on, "reigning Defense Secretary Ashton Baldwin Carter said that those Avengers should for now act freely and do everything in their power to avert the unknown danger. He also calls for the other Avengers, who are reportedly still at their headquarters near New York City, to come and help defeat the threat. At the moment, nobody knows what sort of creature we are dealing with here. A corpse is said to have fallen off the plane and still be recognizable due to a supernaturally stable skin. It should probably be an alien species. The local police, however, leaves no reporters to the corpse. The Special Operations Command is currently on the fastest route to Toms River, and security measures around the world are being strengthened at this historic moment. Angelina Miller from CNN, back to the studio."
Daytimes, the dark glass on both sides of the corridor was supposed to mirror people who were running around here. It would not allow them to take a look into the rooms with the ultramodern equipment.
Only slowly did Tony's thoughts clear.
Now it blinded Tony. His eyes were still sleepily and he groped disoriented on his bedside table. Judging by the noise, he had just dropped his watch. He winced. Groaning, he pressed his hand to his face and then fumbled for the tablets, which would hopefully make the morning a little more pleasant for him. His other arm laid useless on his stomach.
With a loud noise everything he shot bounced off the creature and something was even thrown back in all directions. Some of the monsters fell to the ground, but Rhodey's cheer also shifted to a fearful one. He was thrown several feet through the air and fell hard on the ground.
"They disappeared?"
"That with Bucky really was not my idea!" Tony started again, but Steve only laughed and pulled the smaller one closer.
Glances from the other Avengers rested on Clint. This speech seemed to be a spontaneous one. The others nodded approvingly. Steve looked at him, smiling wearily, and Barnes stopped playing on his jacket. Vision kept looking straight ahead, but even Wanda and Fury smiled reassuringly at him.
"The video," he said, sticking a stick into a laptop, as Friday did not work here anymore, "provides a clue to the whereabouts of Helmut Zemo and Lang, Wilson, Khatib and Dragenbach. Of course, by being a live broadcast, we can rule out much of the world. It's summer in the northern hemisphere, in New York it was shortly after five at the beginning of the video."
(See the end of the chapter for
At last, he could see Bucky and Clint helping Rhodey into the helicopter. A wave of relief flooded Tony and again he nearly stumbled. With every yard he went, he felt a little weaker. His shoulder ached all the more, the harder Steve pressed onto it and he did not have to fool himself: tears left his eyes in pain. At least it's still raining, he thought to himself, but then they reached the helicopter and Wanda gave him a trembling hand, which he gratefully gripped. More hands grabbed him and pulled him under the armpits, but he could not assign them. His shoulder was released, only for someone to squeeze it again the next moment, and the pain chased him anew. He barely felt the syringe put in his arm.
"Agents are on their way to potential cities and looking around to see if they can find anything," Fury said loudly to everyone but looked at Tony, who put his arm over his mouth to cough aloud.
He turned around once more before leaving the door. "You fought very well, Tony."
Steve had betrayed him, had fought him, placed the friendship with a murderer over friendship with him. And now all memories came back to Tony.
"We have to follow them," Sam stated immediately.
Steve couldn’t answer, but stared silently at the other man. He didn’t know why all his words were missing. Maybe he felt sorry for Rhodes. Maybe he had hoped the next person he met would be Tony.
"In the bag here," Scott said, "are buns. Is the message from Fury?"
A part of the bridge had already collapsed anyway due to the explosion. Tony aimed at the big corpse and shot. He gave a slight twitch as the rest of the bridge collapsed with a loud crash, sending waves on the lake, which everything but calm at this moment. The creatures roared and screamed and beat with their arms, but did not seem to be able to swim. Without waiting longer, Tony shot forward, knowing that Rhodey was following him. Friday scanned the targets in the water and then indicated that the big creature, the
"We?"
Tony's eyes focused on a point on the ceiling. He had heard the shots in the end. Zemo wanted to shoot him, but Bucky had been in between. He had saved him and was in great danger, as so many other people were because of him.
He nodded. "I've made mistakes, big mistakes," he began softly, trying to sound as reassuring as possible. "We’ve all made mistakes. But the biggest mistake would be to argue now. We have to look for Tony, together." Steve exhaled slowly as Rhodey finally let the gun down. He seemed to calm down.
Lost in thought Steve stared out of the big window. He had thrown himself next to Natasha on the couch and tried to organize his thoughts. He was happy. Tony had woken up and even if he wanted to get away from Steve, that was kind of a start.
Next to a chimney, a corridor began that probably led to the four rooms and the bathroom, as the man had explained to them.
"Lasse Van Peeters," he read the sender. "The man who gave us the apartment in Boston."
"Look, I don’t know what happened, and maybe I'll never know, but at least you should get it together. Because of you, the whole thing has escalated, but now it's over. The others need you. As a team, as it used to be."
The next time he woke up, Tony felt the throbbing pain in his stomach, his arms, feet and head. He smelled the sweat that ran down his body.
I really, really hope that all of this makes at least a little bit of sense. And I hope that everything is alright with the tags.
Rhodes sat next to Clint and raised his hand in greeting, but studied him thoroughly. His brown eyes seemed to scan Tony.
Stark opened his mouth to answer, but he could not. He just looked at his friend before shaking his head.
Tony drove into the common room. When the doors opened again and his scratched and patched mirror image pushed aside, he entered the room, trying to hobble as little as possible. There would be people in here, guaranteed.
"I went home then. You must know, I swore I would never drink alcohol because my dad ... He had a problem, died early, but before that he would always beat my
"It's just after three o'clock in the afternoon. Now put the tools away, it's important," she said, staring at Tony emphatically.
Then he saw his parents going off to their trip, Tony just said goodbye to his mother.
"Who said anything about kids?" Tony exclaimed, laughing. "I have not even gotten used to be laying on the other side of the bed. We're still a long way from anything else."
"I'm really sorry, Tony. I know what I did wrong," murmured Steve to Tony. Tonys eyes didn’t shine the way they used to, he recognised. They didn’t show the joy of the mechanic as they used to, they merely showed how broken the man was.
"Howard," Maria exclaimed in pain, but the man did not hear it anymore. The biker needed only seconds to kill Howard Stark. He put the lifeless body roughly back in the car and ignored the passenger's weeping. Slowly he rounded the car, fully aware of his task.
So, right now I'm really struggeling with updating, because I'm highly disappointed in myself. But I wrote this for fun and I really don't feel like I'd like to change things now.
He was glad to be finally able to go to the workshop but would have rather done it walking straight and with a bottle of good whiskey in his hand, instead of moaning like a child about pain that was kind of caused by him. The elevator drove quickly and silently down, and the security password was directly required.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Who is not with Mama Barton?" Tony smirked. He was very happy that Natasha and Clint were back after the weekend at the Bartons. Now that Lang was back at home and Wilson was still in the infirmary, he had had a hard time taking care of Wanda just with Steve.
You should be amazed at how useful vulnerable people were.
got off the plane at my command. Even Stark's thoughts are comprehensible readable."
I would love to know what you think of this chapter. Not getting any feedback at all is kind of depressing. It also doesn't really help to improve the story. So, I'd really like to read something from you all.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hopefully," Rhodey replied. "See you tomorrow, Tony."
"Thanks buddy. See you tomorrow!"
The analysis of the mucus Tony had found on the creature led to nothing. The chemical composition was similar to polysaccharides in the normal nasal mucus that could be found all over the world. The few percents of deviation could neither Tony, nor Friday explain and also described it as trivial. It led to nothing. Still, Tony told his AI to keep thinking about it but then turned back to his Iron Man suit after the last one was destroyed very quickly. The feeling that he would soon need it again occupied him.
"I'm sorry, not even traces have been found so far", admitted the AI and sounded a bit disappointed.
The sun was shining again, but next to him was Steve sitting in a small chair. He looked at him. His face was pale and sunken, with many wounds, but he smiled wearily at him. Tony could not resist a relieved breath.
, he thought, looking at the others who must have thought the same. Nobody spoke. It was obvious to everyone that they were not allowed to search, that they had to stay here. Furthermore, Steve did not move an inch and the others seemed lost in their own thoughts.
Someone knocked on his door, tearing him out of his slow thoughts that he was startled. He got up cautiously, even had to stop for a moment to get his circulation going again before he opened the door and went into the living room. Quickly he straightened up again and, as the last, entered the full but comfortable room. With folded arms, he leaned against the wall.
Steve also looked around. No, all beings looked similar. Not a single one stood out.
"And he'll have to wait," Natasha interrupted. "Or do it on the Internet. There are possibilities. Let's see what the doctors say, Rhodey wants to meet him before we fly as well." Natasha looked at Steve from the side. "You talked?"
So, I wish you a wonderful rest of the week!
"He'll wake up again," he finally tried to reassure Steve. "I have to clarify a few things with him. And besides, he has not watched all of the Star Wars movies yet. So ... he can’t go. "
"Friday, start a high-speed plane. Now."
"Wilson and Khatib. I know it. They understood you."
That did not help him, because the anger exploded inside him again and he wanted to tear himself away from Vision, but the Android did not let him. "Stay calm, breathe," he continued instead.
Tony felt the hit before he saw it. Although Burkwill did not have a full hand, he was really strong. Tony staggered back and was only stopped by Vision from falling to the ground. "Please," he murmured, spitting blood. "It wasn’t turned on. I didn't know that. He must have been out. It was an accident."
She nodded, trying to breathe a bit more calmly. Natasha peeked into the room and then asked Fury quietly what she had been interested in for some time.
"Not yet, Boss, the scanning will take some time, probably about five hours."
The questions buzzed through his mind and found no answers, while a much worse idea occurred:
"Fuck," he mumbled, regretting it right away. His throat hurt.
Tony saw his eyes, which looked pleadingly at him. "It was not all because of the video, was it, Tony? Not only the video."
Again Steve attacked a big creature. A broken horn on the monster's forehead looked threatening on Steve.
"Henry Bolton has just reviewed Stark's records. Our nice friend here just dropped a GPS transmitter under the tree."
He tried to pull. "It’s grown. Can’t pick it up." The armor made a smacking sound as it fell back onto the body.
Steve cast a sidelong glance at Tony, who tried to control himself. His jaw was pressed together as he listened to the newcomer. "An agent found ammo under a fallen tree right in front of the cave entrance. It looks like SHIELD ammo."
Again, Pepper was silent for a moment. "After that. When it is over. Then you take a break, away from the others, if it helps you. With me or Rhodey. Here. Deal?"
Steve chuckled. "Really handing you over? You didn’t plan on it?"
Thanks for the comment on the last chapter, that was amazing! And also thanks again for the kudos.
"In the tank," whispered Vision, too weak to speak normally. "I overheard him, he rebuilt the tank. Inside is just enough room for a small
"Pepper, I have to go. The conference starts right away. I want to watch it. We'll talk again tomorrow, right?"
Beside his bed, where he lay, was Steve asleep, somehow managing not to fall off a small chair. So he was really here. Tony didn’t know how to feel.
"The brain was so damaged that we could not analyse its functioning. But if more of these beings emerge, the top priority must be to eliminate the leader," he continued. He looked at the persons next to him. Nobody seemed particularly surprised, Vision even nodded affirmatively. Barnes looked at Tony for barely more than a second before crossing his eyes and he turned away, whispering something to Steve.
"Wait," sounded Visions voice through the earpiece. "We will attack from two sides at the same time. The creature is not very fast because of its mass. It should not be able to react quickly enough."
"Oh, good that you ask, Stark," Burkwill explained, gesturing to Tony to get up. Slowly he straightened up and found that he was actually smaller without his suit than the man next to him. "You never told anyone your secret plans from the lab, yes, I know that," he said, playing sadly. He came back uncomfortably close to Tony, but the mechanic did not back down. He could feel the breath on his face, but his eyes looked straight into the cold, blues of Burkwill. The three fingers of his remaining hand slowly stroked Tony's beard and his teeth crunched. Still, he did not move an inch.
Pepper had been abducted because of him, and yet she was the one in control and had to calm him down. Tony was a wreck. Nevertheless, he hugged her and did not let her go. After a few minutes of silence in the room, he asked hoarsely, "What did they do to you?"
For both, nobody was allowed to go to the workshop, even though the methods of punishing this rule break were different. Tony grunted grudgingly at the unwanted visit, sending him out, sometimes even talking to him briefly, while his father ...
Tony's body cramped in pain, but he kept watching, unable to escape. The brown-haired man did not even look at the wounded woman, but grabbed her neck with his uninjured arm and squeezed. Maria Stark had no way to defend herself and after a few seconds, she also lifelessly slumped into her seat. The Winter Soldier looked emotionlessly into the distance before turning to Tony and pointing the pistol at him. The shot was loud and echoed through the forest in the cold night.
The man smiled. "Please, please. Don’t be so rude. I would like to – my bloody goodness, someone please bring the man cough medicine," he interrupted himself. Tony tried to suppress the new coughing attack, but tears only pressed into his eyes, he vigorously tried to wink away. Steve was already slapping him on the back, but nothing eased in his lungs.
At first, he had been disoriented and felt the sand around him until he remembered what had happened. Fortunately, he was able to fall asleep again, because the painkillers he had brought down with a sip of a whiskey in the evening tugged at his capacity.
"We stand here - you are
"It should be a tunnel system," Clint explained again. The video was closed, and Tony's plans of his suit covered the entire screen again. "But not a natural tunnel system. At least it was never known before. Nearby, there are no cabins or houses where they could be and all possible tracks were blurred by the storm. We have nothing. The signal was sent out three days ago but was received as I said only a few hours ago by SHIELD. They just sent it to us. They could be everywhere again."
The video opened and all agents moved a bit. Everybody had the idea of excluding places through time, that was nothing new.
Without further thought, Steve grabbed his shield and softly opened his door to the hallway. Someone was playing music somewhere, but the rest of the rooms seemed to be quiet. Slowly, so slowly that he thought he must win a prize for his patience, he padded up the stairs. He didn’t want to make any noise, he was not
Tony could not stop rolling his eyes when he realized the gravity of the situation. Rhodey did not seem to understand him yet.
It seemed so clear now. During his time at MIT, he often walked along the path that linked sights throughout the city over 2.5 miles in length. He was surprised that he did not immediately realize it, but it had become clear to him through the hidden clue of the stranger. Mind and Hand, MIT, Boston.
Steve chuckled and signed with a pen the woman had given him. "Thanks for your information."
"You have to take a break, Tony. Your therapy will start this evening!"
Steve stared quietly at Rhodey. The other man wore training clothes and a first aid kit as a backpack. He was sweaty and seemed to be tired.
He turned until it stopped. It certainly took a minute, then suddenly all the lamps stopped glowing.
"Cap, the cockpit is empty," Clint said over the coms. "There has to be a place that transfers control of the ship back to the pilots."
Tony just looked at his buddy but said nothing, but that was enough answer for his longtime friend. "Was he able to stop you?"
As the doors opened he lazily shuffled out of the elevator and went through the large glass door into his workshop.
Tony moved again for the first time. A stinging pain suddenly passed through his body, but he tried to ignore it. Vision looked down again as Tony stared at him. The feeling of tightness overcame him again and his chest moved sharply, but then his gaze fell back on Pepper, who was now leaning against Agent Dragenbach, looking as if she was about to fall into unconsciousness.
It didn’t happen this way, and now, because of his naivety, he had endangered all of them again. If Wilson and Khatib found the signal and if the Avengers in the old house received it - if that happened and if they helped, then Pepper, Lang and Dragenbach would still be in huge danger. "I'm sorry," Tony whispered again.
At first, Steve only noticed Tony's head and torso, which was covered in wounds and dirt. In some places the skin was burnt and peeled off, on others, it festered from inflamed wounds. Steve's breathing was much too fast and he had to blink again so that tears did not blur his vision. His gaze wandered down the body and suddenly hung. There was nothing where the legs should be. Another wave of panic overcame him and a whimper left his mouth. If Tony was lying here without legs, it would be a miracle that he was not yet bleeding to death, and it would be even more of a miracle if he survived the transfer to a hospital.
, he wanted to say, but again, nothing left his mouth. Steve's hand squeezed his shoulder and pulled him back to reality. Still, Burkwill grinned and seemed to look directly at Tony.
Tony knew that the words meant something to him, but his mind was so empty. He could not think of anything the man wanted to say, he did not understand. The red path was barely visible now. Tony took one last look at the path that was clearly described and then narrowed his eyes again.
Steve froze. He knew that voice. He knew it. But not so indifferent, not so tired.
"Because of the shadow lengths here," Fury continued, pointing to the screen with his hand, "we know that the people should be at about the same degree of longitude as we are."
"What?" Steve exclaimed in disbelief. "All guns? That’s insane! The whole ship would explode and fall onto Tom's River. Thousands could die! We can’t do that!"
While the two men were running up the stairs - they would not be able to stand the waiting in the elevator - Friday told the Avengers that the destination was known. Somewhere in Headquarters, Fury would be told that an airplane had been prepared for takeoff and the Avengers were on their way while the man was mobilizing his agents to assist the group. He did not ask, he had seen the message. Stark had found the crucial information somewhere in it and would certainly declare that on the flight to the city in the north of the states. He set off with a flowing coat.
Clint waved his hand and the important data hovered in the air above the glass table. Steve was still excited about the new technology, even though it all developed almost a bit too fast.
"They fought? Maybe that's why they had to hide again," Steve said loudly.
"I just want you to know that if you have stupidity in your head, you have no chance. I know your Avengers are just not able to come. For that, I thank my ... business partner. And I also know that when you stepped out the window, you had not told anyone about your plan. But I want you to know that none of your friends, whether Avenger or Agent, can help you here. We have a deal, right?"
Natasha pulled the note out of his hand. "Do you know what that means?"
A sting pierced his chest as he thought it was true. He claimed he was fighting the bad guys, but how many innocent people had been killed?
So I'm just gonna finish this story, it's not too long anymore, anyways. But I know it's not the best story it's maybe even far from good, but I don't want to just stop in the middle of it. That would really trigger me.
The rock was large and formed an entrance to a cave that admitted humans to fall into it. Steve swallowed as he stopped a few yards in front of it. If Tony was not there, he would not know where to look. The hints were too clear. Panic came over him. What if someone had found him before? Or if Tony was dead?
"And Rogers," the colonel added, "don’t think I forgive you your last three months so fast."
"The alien technique must be far above ours if the ship was not discovered because of camouflage," he replied. "Do you have a plan from the ship?"
"We got another important point of the analysis a few minutes ago," he said, without further justifying the delay, let alone welcoming the attendees. The Avengers and agents still standing sat down. The chair next to Tony creaked as Steve sat down and nodded to the inventor. Tony smiled at him for a moment, then turned back to Fury, who did not bother looking for a chair.
The soldier smiled gratefully at him, and the inventor turned back to the screen. "Also show routes over hills, Friday."
Steve stood and made his exit with as much dignity as possible. Once he got out into the hallway, it occurred to him that he’d gotten completely turned around and, once again, had no idea where he was. It was getting to be a familiar feeling.
There was silence as she returned to her seat, silence punctuated only by the slight rustling of Tony unfolding the map. Then, from the front seat, “Hey, it’s only two hundred and seventy five miles away! We’ll be there by dinner!”
“But it’s lit!”
“There are massage settings on the
He lingered, just for a moment, on the sight of Steve's back, the broad shoulders, the groove of the spine plunging down to an ass that was, frankly, more impressive than anything on display outside the window. "Oh, and the glass is treated. One-way. Totally photographer-proof, I paid a British tabloid guy to come down here and bring every lens he had." He realized he was babbling, possibly creepily, but then Steve looked over his shoulder at Tony with a grin that was 100% relief.
“Yeah, of course. We, uh. We figured you might already be in there and having some trouble getting out. You know. Military schools being what they are.”
“Some gift. You use it on anyone yet?”
, as helplessly lost in admiration as any of the sidelined girls.
Steve smiled. “It’s shirts versus skins. We’re shirts.”
“He was transferred to a hospital in…. Zemo, Delaware,” said Steve, flipping to the next page of a densely scribbled-upon file. “Under the guardianship of someone named Alexander Pierce. That’s not his dad.”
Steve blinked.
going on over there with the whole hair-and-nail salon but it, you know, seems kinky.” Tony sniffed, then continued. “Oh and Clint’s been talking a big game all evening but hasn’t gotten the balls to go fish his longtime crush out of the pot of old man stew over there.” He indicated the Japanese soaking tub. Steve followed his gaze curiously.
“Hear what?”
“They’d probably use rubber bullets,” said Tony. “Probably.”
“Yes,” said Natasha.
“Yeah, better’n what they called him before.”
“Hey!” Steve said, shaking the heavy, sleep-scented sweatshirt from his face and running after Tony, up the long and curving driveway, past the turnoff for the maintenance sheds and the soccer fields, to where the big SHIELD Academy sign, lit with floodlights, presided over a decorative multilayered fountain outlined in expensive slabs of sandstone. The SHIELD Academy specialized in the problem children of the rich and powerful, kids who’d gotten kicked out of Andover or Phillips Exeter or Nassau County Day. And while they supplemented their ranks with ESL and international students like Natasha and Thor (and charity cases like Steve, a little voice whispered), near-delinquents like Tony Stark were—quietly, unspokenly—the school’s bread and butter. The school made up for it with window dressing; the expensive fountain and laser-cut copper sign; buildings named conspicuously after minor Gettys and cousins of Carnegies; mottoes in Latin. Scratch the surface and you’d find a crumbling Victorian edifice, cracks in the foundation, dandelions growing up through the tennis courts. Algae in the fountains.
“Oh thank Gods,” said Thor. “What have you found, Steven?”
Tony was the type to spread his conquests around—something about the softness in his roommate’s expression this morning—but maybe he was wrong.
“Can we all agree that at the very least, there has to be one fresh fruit or vegetable in order to constitute a salad?” Scott was saying. “Come on, guys, I feel like I’m losing my mind here.”
“Uh… huh.” said Steve, noticing that part of Barton’s eye and a lot of his knuckles also seemed to have come into conflict with the coffee table. “You get into it with coffee tables a lot?”
“Yeah? Make me,” said Tony, and Steve swallowed him down. Later, as they were lying close in the darkness, it occurred to Steve that Tony had been trying to start a conversation about something. He was just damned if he could figure out what it was.
“He was in
“How fast are you
“NO ONE IS BARTERING KIDNEYS,” said Bruce. “WE ARE JUST GETTING PIZZA.”
pawn shop?” said Barton. “Tell you what, you go in there and tell em you got both kidneys, see how many you walk out with.”
Many faces appeared beside Sam’s, as everyone crowded up from the back of the van to peer up through the windshield at the dank grey building which squatted like a thundercloud atop a denuded hill on the outskirts of Zemo, Delaware.
“Long enough,” Steve said.
Steve shook his head. “OK, so now that everyone apparently knows my business already, help me figure out what he wants? I can’t tell. He runs hot and cold with me.”
Steve pressed the exposed end to his neck. When he came to, Tony was leaning over him in the bunk, thumb prying one of Steve’s eyelids open.
“I’m not sure I want that responsibility,” said Steve.
“Did you set up the whole, pick me a sport thing so that I would put you on Ultimate and then you could hit on me?” demanded Steve.
The next morning dawned on pool noodles on the roof.
“Aren’t you supposed to be the genius?” griped Barton, but unfolded the map across his lap and held up his iPhone with the flashlight app on. “So, apparently, New Haven is in Connecticut.”
“And to think you’re the genius in the car,” said Sam, pulling up at a tiny pizza place next to a check-cashing joint.
“Mister Barton.” The teacher’s voice was calm, almost eerily mild, but it caused the pencil point to retract from Steve’s neck. “Please be gentle with the furniture, the school can’t afford to replace it this particular century.”
you he’s gone back to his old high school and if you just
“Oooh. Oh, this
They both watched the opposing team horsing around, Tony capturing Scott Lang’s head under his elbow and ruffling his hair. Sam shook his head. “You know that little punk put me on the ground once?”
“For what?” Bruce asked.
“Ahhh… Tony, I think I might have something here,” said Bruce, craning to peer in a window two doors down on the other side of the hallway. “Looks like the right age.”
Steve moaned softly, dropping his head into his crossed arms.
“Pssst. Psssst. Pssssst. Rogers. Psst.” The knee-jiggling was now dampened by two desks and the still-silent Natasha Romanov, but nothing on earth could stifle Clint Barton when he wanted to get your attention. Steve sighed.
“You think?” said Sam, who was driving.
“Get off me. Right now,” said Steve.
“Yeah, it’s kinda gross. Listen, we can’t go back to the dorms just yet, no one’ll believe we’re turning in early and Hill will check up on us.”
“I do not mind,” said Thor. “In Norway—”
Lang pulled himself halfway out from under the dingy white van and glared at Tony. “It’s a
“In Norway, the GPS signal is always very strong, even in the most remote areas, such as in glaciers,” said Thor. “I had heard that America did not have such a good cellular network, but I am surprised at just how backwards it really is.”
“Hill’s making me choose a sport.”
“Not really. I get paid to read people.”
“Nevermind,” said Steve swiftly. “Here. Here’s your sport.” He circled a listed item and passed it back to Hill, who looked at the selection and smiled. “I’ll see you at practice Wednesday at six, Tony. Have a good evening, gentlemen.” She walked off, and Tony turned to Steve.
“You fucking—”
“That won’t work!”
“Pssst. Pssssssssssssst. Is it true?”
before?”
“Huh?”
“I didn’t see the point in telling you,” said Steve.
“He fell on brass knuckles?” Steve said.
“Can’t blame a girl for being curious. What’s the taser for?”
“Hey there, Mr. Judgmental, I’m not the one with a homemade taser in his backpack.”
“In Norway,” said Thor.
“Well, yeah, but I mean before I came to SHIELD. You know I was in a military academy, right?”
Steve stayed silent.
Steve hissed out below his breath, wanting to die of embarrasment, but wanting this sensation—this drowning, overpowering, headswimming sensation of all-encompassing lust—more. His whole body felt like it was being funnelled through his cock, like he wanted to pour all of himself through the narrow keyhole Tony’d made with his fist, end up pooled and sated on the other side.
“The tuition’s high enough, sir,” Barton griped, but Steve heard him let the empty desk down on its back legs again.
“Yeah, that would be better.”
“They have some
Steve really couldn’t tell which was more annoying. Having Tony Stark be effortlessly, astonishingly, just eye-wateringly good at a sport Steve’d had to work at for years, or watching everyone else watch Tony be good at it. The first few times Tony practiced, it was just teammates clapping Steve on the back—a smattering of “Where’d you
“Excuse me?” Steve said.
“So how long were you in that coma for?” Tony asked.
“Oooh, raspberries,” said Scott. “Hurry up and free me, dude, those are my favorite.”
Tony leaned in closer, his dark silhouette filling Steve’s entire field of vision. “No,
Steve sagged, almost imperceptibly, but enough that the onlookers’ attention all swiveled to him.
“So you staged a rescue mission?” said Steve.
“Ultima—what?
“That’s right, he did,” said Tony. “And that makes all of us accomplices so, chop chop, everyone in the crime van.”
Steve looked at Tony dubiously, but the other boy was already distracted, snatching up a magazine and waving it at the thin white line of smoke that the soldering iron was sending up.
Steve nodded mutely.
“By which definition egg drop soup is a salad, that definition is idiotic,” Stephen Strange said.
“Hey, if the shoe fits, then steals a car, straps itself in diapers, and drives across Florida with its romantic rival in the trunk.”
“Well, damnit,” Tony said, and then he was scrambling out of the van, Clint and Sam and Natasha and Thor and Bruce and Scott tumbling after him. Tony was fast, but Steve had incredible stamina, and his long limbs ate up the steep hillside like it was nothing. Even Thor was panting, hands scrabbling for hold on the slick grass as they all leaned into the incline. Ahead of them, Tony saw Steve conceal himself behind a cardboard compactor as the garbage men got out of the truck’s cab, stretching and chatting. After a brief moment’s contemplation of the sun, they went to the loading dock’s rolling metal door and opened it via remote control, heading into the dark interior of the building and shutting the door behind themselves. As the door slid back down, Steve took off running, leapt onto the loading dock, and, in a move Tony had only ever seen peformed by Indiana Jones, rolled underneath the descending door. Panting, he and the rest of the group arrived just as the last inches of the gap sealed.
“Yeah well, this is the mark eight,” said Tony. “Wouldn’t be much of an engineer if I didn’t keep improving the design. Try it out.”
“Are you serious right now?” said Scott, “Ow ow ow ow ow,” as Sam grasped him by the ear and gently lead him down the hallway. Tony ignored the hissed whispering behind him and kept checking doors: woman, woman, three empty rooms, old woman, old man, young boy, empty room, teenage girl. All were comatose; none looked like they’d had visitors in a long time. Which seemed… off, somehow. An old person could have no living relatives, sure. But a teenaged girl should have cards, pictures, lots of glittery posters reading “Team Taylor”. Stuff like that. Tony kept moving, kept listening for Steve, who’d gone ominously silent.
Peter Parker, driving the van, greeted them at the loading dock. “Wait, weren’t there more people before?”
“Yessir,” said Steve.
Steve squinted into the sun that haloed Tony with a fierceness. “Hadn’t really gotten that far in the planning stage.”
“None of this helps us keep Tony from jumping off a roof,” Bruce pointed out.
Asshole!”
Tony’s gaze dropped briefly to Steve’s lips, then back again. “Y’know, inventing stuff, being a genius, taking care of my family’s philanthropic responsibilities, kiiiinda being a playboy—”
“I’m pretty sure this is meth country,” said Bruce, watching a hard-faced mother escort two children out of the convenience store and down the road.
“I might have a warrant in Maryland.”
“Yes,” Steve lied miserably.
Carol looked at him. After a measured beat, she spoke. “You’re really making some life decisions these last few days, huh?”
Steve straightened up. “Yes, Mr. Coulson.”
“It… does look a little like a hickey,” Bruce admitted from his desk one aisle over. Several months removed from his last incident with Ross the security guard, Banner seemed to letting his guard down, unclenching his body language by degrees. It helped that Natasha was starting to speak in English, and Bruce was the only one she seemed to think worth speaking to. Steve’d expected jealousy from Clint, but the hyperactive archer had taken the development in stride, and was even now braiding Natasha’s hair into a long russet fishtail while keeping up an uninterrupted volley of conversation with Bruce.
“Here.”
“Lose—where did you hear that from?”
“This is something we’re caring about now?” Clint said, only to get thwacked soundly across the chest by Natasha, who up until now had been silently shoveling in food at a grim and furious rate.
“I didn’t know he was high.”
really fast.
“That’s about how my chemistry’s going,” said Steve. “Why don’t we call off for the night, go do something fun?”
“You little SHIT,” the guard bellowed, only to be pulled away from his target—the history teacher was dragging him upwards by the jacket, and continued tugging until the backpedaling guard was hauled completely out of the classroom. Then Steve’s teacher slammed the door behind him, a gesture which might have granted privacy had all the glass not been knocked out of the window. As it was, the entire class heard it when he said, “If you ever lay a hand on one of my students again,
“Race you there.”
At Teterboro, there was a minor panic when Stephen Strange miscalculated his approach trajectory and materialized
Looking mutinous, Clint let go and stood aside. “That nut’s rusted frozen completely. I don’t think they’ve ever rotated the tires on this thing. Ever.”
“If a Tony makes a goal in the forest and no one witnesses it, does it still get talked about?” Sam asked.
“You are a very, very odd person,” Tony informed Barton. When no response was forthcoming, he went and sat beside Bruce.
“Just, tell me it’s going to work out all right, all right?” Tony said, pinching the bridge of his nose.
Steve went back to the dorm and kicked the door open. Stark, startled in the act of blowtorching a Pop-Tart, flipped up his welding visor. “Hey there, didn’t expect you home so early.”
“Watch this,” Barton whispered over his shoulder to Thor. “The master at work.”
The table looked at each other for a beat.
“But you know what they don’t watch?”
“Forget it.”
,” said Bruce, reasonably.
“Not my idea,” said the boy, but his tone was more rueful than angry, so Steve chuckled.
“Screw loganberries, there’s raspberries right over here,” said Clint, shoulder-deep in a thick bramble.
“I said
to set off the fire alarms,” Tony said reasonably, and then the end of his magazine knocked the soldering iron off its holder. “Shit, grab that?”
“He must love that.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Lang said. “I’m gonna use it to punch a hole in something.”
“Thank you, Sam,” said Scott, sounding genuinely touched. “That means a lot.”
“Yeah, you’re the kid who came in from the military school, right?”
Tony stilled. “What?”
Clint’s eyes widened, yet another torrent of questions visibly building, when Mr. Coulson’s voice came from the front of the room: “No, I will not allow you to question my student, he is in class right now.”
“This would… be… easier, if you would all… stop… staring,” the large blond gritted out, straining against the tire iron.
“Probably,” Barton said. “But this isn’t for her during the daytime. This is so she can sleep.”
“Ultimate Frisbee.”
“Please what.”
“No, his last known appearance at SHIELD and his run times,” said Tony, pulling a tattered envelope out of his other pocket and passing it backwards as he steered the van around a hairpin curve. Barton, who sat within direct flail range of Tony, took the paper and read the scribbled notes there, his eyebrows climbing into his hairline, before passing it to Bruce. “Stalker much?” the archer asked Tony.
“This looks like the kind of place they’ve got at least three places you can buy meth,” said Scott, inching the van around a hairpin turn that included a railroad crossing, “during recess.”
“There are massage settings on the jets,” Hope said, her voice wobbling slightly from the pummeling impact of said jets.
“I do not think that tire is an appropriate size.”
By mile sixteen, Sam was ready to murder them all.
Everyone contemplated that for a moment. Then, Clint spoke with an air of profound resignation.
“Rhodey.”
“No, just craving a Shasta,” said Scott.
Thor frowned at the green vine he held, pinched between two meaty fingers. “I cannot see another way to free you, friend. In Norway we do not have this stubborn and grasping plant.”
, he will cut you out of his life completely. And it’s not because of what you’re thinking.”
“Here, I’m solving our problem,” Barton announced, peeling up the grooved matting from the floor of the van. “Pardon me, coming through, carpet full of pee.” At speed, he opened the back door of the van and pitched the matting—a long, wavering horn tone sounded from behind the van as Barton tugged the door shut. “There. Problem solved.”
To Steve’s immense surprise, Tony showed up on Wednesday, ten minutes late and wearing jeans.  He stood at the edge of the field, looking embarrassed and confused, until a foul call gave Steve a chance to jog over and greet him.
“Man, you gotta help me out,” Scott said as Tony came down the stairs into the pool. “I’m surrounded by geniuses and none of them can agree on what a salad is.”
“And shawarma,” said Thor.
Clint shrugged at Steve over Sitwell’s shoulder. “Wan’t me that told him.”
“Yeah well, they might be rednecks but rednecks watch NASCAR,” Clint said, pointing at a Sunoco station ahead with a large red-and-blue “24” banner. “And NASCAR fans can change tires fast.”
“Hill’s a realist, she knows she can’t expect me
“I thought that was only at night?”
“Yeah, well, Stark’s a convincing guy,” said Barton, gathering his silverware. “Lead the way, Tony.”
“Alright, alright,” said Steve, rubbing the heels of his hands into his eyes sockets. “I admit it, I’m a mess. I’m going to see my ex… well..”
“No,” said Steve, “He let me pick his—oh, God.”
“There were situps,” Steve admitted, tilting Barton’s head back to get a better look at the nose. “Your nose is out of joint.”
“That’s the spirit, Barton,” sang out Sitwell, then: “Aha! Snagged you, you little bastard.” The plink of glass falling into a tin dish, then: “One down, thirty more to go.”
“Dear God,” Bruce remarked faintly.
“Here,” called Barton, still at it with the knee-jiggling. It felt like he had a belt sander going underneath the desk. Steve tried to maneuver his shoulders to get the vibration right at the sore spot under his left shoulderblade where Peter Parker (not looking) had run straight into him at last practice.
“Actually, come to think of it, no,” said Nurse Sitwell cheerfully. “It’s more the state of Tony Stark’s love life that everyone is interested in. You’re just the collateral damage,
about, Stark,” said Steve, and then Tony thumbed down the waistband of his boxer briefs and pulled his cock out and rested it on Steve’s mouth. Steve was so taken aback that the words died in his mouth—he felt the blush rising in his face, shame at having been thrown by such a sleazy play. But Tony’s cock felt
“Not even close,” said Steve. “It’s Asgard Prep next week, then Xavier School, then
"Mmm," Pepper said again, kissing him on the lips. "If that were true, you'd show up to more board meetings. I'm getting in the shower. Go see to your guests."
“I already hot-wired a
“Tony,” Sam said.
“Why, what happens if you put it on an eyeball?”
“Man, I gotta take a leak.”
“So how did you stand it?” Tony asked in an undertone to Steve. “All the marching, the gung-ho, the matching uniforms. You don’t seem like the kind of guy who’s all about getting in line.”
“You’re gonna be on this road for about ten more miles,” announced Scott Lang, who was reading the map with the help of a Jurassic Park-branded miner’s flashlight shaped like a velociraptor’s head. Every time he turned on the light, a tinny recording of a reptilian screech played from the speakers mounted over his ears.
Tony swallowed hard, summoning courage he felt like he’d last needed at junior prom. “Captain Rogers, would you like to get out of here with me?”
“They have some talented players,” Steve said.
She pointed to the benches again, then made the hushing gesture.
“It’s when you follow your boyfriend to Connecticut and then just stand there staring at him instead of—ow! What’d I say?” Clint rubbed his bicep, and Tony turned back to Steve.
having the time of theirs, I can’t tell
“Well, you could be back at SHIELD. What is it, one-thirty? What would you be doing right now?” said Tony, wading through a waist-high bramble.
“Try this.”
“How’s that working out for you?”
The room was small and decorated in modest tones of blue and grey, but it looked out over the sea. Vaulted out over the edge of the inlet, it was a bubble of glass, almost nothing but window, an unbroken panorama of pool and cliff and ocean as far as the eye could see. The bed was in the corner, nestled against the core of the building. Pushed up to the glass, a desk with paper, pens, pencils.
“So saying I did,” said Steve, trusting that Sam would pick up his meaning from before, not make him spell it out. “Um. How much trouble would I be in?”
“Shut up,” said Steve grumpily, feeling his face heat up as he picked at the plastic grommet on his shoelace. Across the field, the shirts team, lead by Tony, was enjoying halftime. They were also winning. By five points. Steve’s team was… not enjoying halftime so much.
“Here,” came Peter’s voice from the back.
“I know, just trust me!”
“Is there anything you own that
“Ahh. Running away from something that’s supposed to feel like home but isn’t,” said Carol.
“Stark Industries reports real estate holdings of three private islands and the majority share of a fourth, boss.”
“Close, two-thirty,” said Scott Lang, checking his wristwatch, which lit up red and blue around the rim, emitting an R2-D2 whistle.
“What do you expect to happen when you catch up with him?” Sam asked, answering Tony’s question with a question.
“It is not!” Steve protested.
“OK, given that we aren’t going to impersonate a cleaning crew OR a medieval siege unit, what are our other options?” said Tony.
Tony spun around in his chair. “Why do you think I spend my spare time making tasers?” He tossed Steve a small, dense object. “Heads-up.”
“What the—have you never
“Some recognition wouldn’t suck,” said Lang. “I learned how to do that from YouTube.”
“You take him seriously other times?” said Sam.
Steve went into the kitchen, found the ice pack in the freezer, wndered back into the exam room.
“I wasn’t forgetting,” said Steve. “Just trying to.”
“You know, sometimes, getting laid out flat by someone you don’t see coming isn’t such a bad thing,” Sam said gently.
“Should you?”
“She having sleeping problems?” said Tony. “Seems like there’d be a lot of guys willing to-”
“You can if your ID says you’re eighteen,” said Clint, gently guiding the van back onto the road and beginning the climb of another steep Pennsylvania mountain.
“You’re kidding. No one brought a
“Thor, buddy, give me your hand,” Tony said, pushing up his sleeve and dropping to his belly on the ground next to the pit. It was a strain to even brush Thor’s fingers with his own, and Thor was too woozy to grip properly; “Come on, guys,” said Tony. “Lower me in a bit.”
“We’re going back through that fucking forest, aren’t we.”
“When what would happen.”
“Yes.”
“I was keeping a lookout.”
“So. Running away from home?” Carol said, her blue eyes friendly lasers.
“Come on, I’ll explain it to you on the way,” Scott Lang told her, pulling her by the wrist towards the sliding door of the van. “Tony, I assume you’re driving slash talking nicely to the cops who will inevitably pull us over and arrest us all?”
“My other hand, I’m multitalented,” Tony said. “You seem tense.”
“You know,” Natasha told her, “You wouldn’t have to open the borders to everyone at once. You could open them just a little. To me, for instance.”
“Truly, it is quite obvious,” said Thor. At everyone’s silence, he continued. “Surely you have all noticed that he took up a sport simply to please Rogers.”
“My father tried to send me there,” Tony said. “Professor Xavier himself took exactly one look at me and sent me back out the door. My hand to God.”
“What? Got what? I don’t have it… bad,” Steve said.
Steve narrowed his eyes at Tony. “Are you gonna just
“What, have a license?”
“Dude, that makes you literally closer than anyone else,” said Clint. “You think we know what Tony Stark wants? He runs up here,” and Clint pegged a hand, flat, six inches above his head. “Up here with fucking Hiltons and Kennedys and shit. Plus he’s like, a mechanical genius who’s gonna go to MIT when he graduates and prolly like, invent a supercomputer that will take over the world. You think he has shit to say to us about what he wants in a relationship?”
“Get me some cool water from the fountain in the hall. Paper towels from the custodian’s closet next to it. I gotcha,” he said to the boy as he steadied his shoulder. “Hurry up, Rogers.”
“Army, Navy, whatever, like one of those places where they make you run five hundred miles a
They ended up eating pie in a booth together, which was a little uncomfortably date-like for Steve. However, since Carol was picking up the check, he didn’t feel he was in much of a position to protest.
Carol’s face was stricken. “God, that’s awful, kid. I’m so sorry.”
Steve snorted softly. “True enough.”
Sam looked sideways at him. “We ain’t got that problem. The crazy shooty thing, that’s y’all’s bag. Your world is crazy.”
“So,” Steve said. “That was awkward.”
“I don’t care if you think he traveled back in time to assassinate President Kennedy,” Mr. Coulson cut in smoothly. “He is in my class, and so I need to teach him now. Good day, Mister Ross.” He swung the door shut in Ross’s purpling face and pivoted on his heel, ignoring Clint’s delighted hoot of approval and heading for the board.
“Listen, I know you care about the guy, so let me just tell you how this plan ends. If
He pitched his voice out towards the hall, where it was caught by its intended target.
“Anyway. My dad was furious, not much he could do at that point since technically I’d been kidnapped. Turns out you’re not supposed to take a minor out of the country when you just have temporary guardianship. Not that it mattered. Obie made the call, I got the pacemaker. This little… toy-sized taser keeps me alive. Keeps my heart going so I can keep inventing stuff.”
“County truancy, what is this, the Dukes of Hazzard?” said Tony.
“Look,” said Steve. “Fireflies,” but Tony was already plucking at his sleeve, pulling them up the path between the ceramics studio and the new art building. “C’mon, let’s go.”
“Potato salad,” Clint pointed out.
Tony grimaced. "Oh God, how does one even do that? How does one seduce a piece of Americana?"
this guy?”s and “Are you SURE he’s never played before?”s, as Tony looked uncharacteristically bashful. But then word got out, and suddenly there were girls at the games. Like,
“That was very good cocksucking,” Tony purred, running his thumb over Steve’s cheekbone. “And now it’s made you all pretty and flushed. You’re blushing like a virgin, Steve.”
a virgin, are you, son?” Tony elided the last word, dropping no emphasis on it whatsoever, and yet Steve’s heartbeat jumped into a full gallop, beat audibly pounding in his ears.
Steve’s skin got cold. “What?”
“What, you’re looking at me like you all think I’m crazy. Speak, someone, what’s the problem here?”
By the time Steve came down, stars were starting to appear in the velvety blue, and conditions at the pool had taken a turn for the drunk. Nakia, straddling T’Challa’s shoulders and armed with a pool noodle, was trying to unseat Clint, who was straddling Thor’s shoulders and wielding a largish inflatable seahorse. Happy, stretched out on a picnic table and steaming like a beached whale, was babbling a drunken but completely line-accurate monologue from “Die Hard” while Pepper, armed with a pair of tweezers, picked broken glass out of his left foot and May held a flashlight and a bucket. Peter Parker was behind the bar—not because he was drinking, but because he was the only one still sober enough to mix drinks, and fast and coordinated enough to flip bottles behind his back. He had a polo shirt on, the collar flipped up and dabbed with wet spots from his still-soaked hair, and he was gnawing his lip fiercely as he worked. Hope Van Dyne was braiding Natasha’s hair, Stephen Strange was painting Okoye’s toenails, Scott Lang was pretending to only get cell service near Hope Van Dyne, Shuri was pretending to only get cell service next to the bar where Peter was working, and Tony was actually not getting cell service anywhere, which what the fuck, he
“So, how were you planning on getting into this joint?”
“What?”
Great. Now he was going to have that image in his head.
“You were trapped in a cave, Thor?” said Steve.
Tony shrugged. “I ‘unno. Don’t really like to plan that far ahead, I’m kinda a seat-of-my-pants kind of guy.”
“Well, that, and friendship, yeah. But seriously, man. Who told you Christmas wasn’t real?”
Which made it pretty jarring when Steve looked up and saw Clint standing there in the doorway, casually eating a banana. “’Sup?”
Tony shrugged. “If anyone besides me could figure out how to make one, yeah, sure. Not too worried about that.”  He scooped a large armful of clothes off the lower bunk into an already brimming laundry basket, leaving the bed mostly empty. “So, uh. Home sweet bunk bed I guess.”
“At the lady’s leisure.”
“What is it, Barton?”
“That’s true,” said Sitwell, still without looking around. “Mister Barton is the soul of discretion, I never get so much as the name of a coffee table out of him. Other students, though, are very interested in the state of your love life.”
. Not yet. He just needed
“Oh, I got it, I just don’t care. See, I invented this taser,” Tony said, and Sam cut him off smoothly.
“After
Sam snorted gently. “Your new nickname is Trouble Man, let me put it that way.”
“They can if they’re a black widow,” said Scott. “Are you having numbness and tingling in your left arm?”
. And besides, you think I can follow Steven fucking Rogers when he doesn’t wanna get seen or followed? Lemme tell you, it’s not like following
“I said, did you beg for him?” Tony murmured silkily, still flexing against Steve’s leg, his hand sliding up and down Steve’s cock. “The first boy you let fuck that pretty little mouth?”
as Tony Stark, that was it; he seemed utterly comfortable in his skin, confident and free in a way Steve, for all his size and strength, never did. And just as Steve was about to open his mouth and say something truly disastrous, something like, “You’re incredible,” his eyes fell on the scar bisecting Tony’s chest. Jagged and rippling, it followed his sternum, but roughly, as if whomever had done the surgery had been in a great rush to get at Tony’s heart. When Steve looked up, Tony’s dark eyes were steady on his face.
“Yeah well,” said Tony, tapping on the window behind Happy’s head, “Principle isn’t gonna get us a departure slot, let’s board before they decide to put my plane behind Donald Trump’s.”
Empty daiquiris on the edge of every hot tub.
of English.”
asshole.” Steve spoke up for the first time since leaving Queens, and twelve heads—Tony, Pepper, Clint, Natasha, Coulson, Rhodey, Sam, Bruce, Thor, Stephen Strange, Peter and Aunt May—all swiveled in unison to look at him. Steve was peering darkly through the rear window of the limousine like he was trying to discern which of the dozens of near-identical Embraers and Gulfstreams and Bombadiers could belong to the real estate tycoon.
Steve moaned, lost in the sensation of Tony moving over him, that blunt nudge of Tony’s cock opening him up, the push and pull and salt and sweat of it—Tony’s forearm was right there, and to stop himself from moaning something too raw, something like “I love you,” he opened his mouth and sucked a reddening bite against it, marking Tony’s arm, at least, as his.
“Sure, Brooklyn.”
“What? Oh. Yeah. I think he might have been provoked.”
“Hmm,” said Tony, his tone unreadable, his eyes locked on Steve’s from the other side of the fountain, the underwater spotlights casting rippling ribbons of green across his face. “Do you wanna stop?” His tone was mild, neutral—Steve shook his head.
“Probably not,” said Steve, “Which is why we’re not going to the infirmary. We’re going to the administrative building. I want to find out where they moved him, and they won’t tell me because I’m not related to him. With any luck, it’s a fairly local hospital.”
“I work with children,” Tony muttered, but followed the group to Clint’s bramble. “Why are we eating food we found on the ground?”
Steve wandered over and peered down at the knuckles. “They look… delicate.”
“I was not far behind you all,” he said, “When I fell into the well. The ground gave way beneath my feet, and I was struck badly. I do not know how long I slumbered, but I had a strange vision while I slept.”
, the voice in Steve’s head named it, before Steve himself got a chance to. Tony’s hair, emerging from the sweatshirt, was even more rumpled than usual; his eyes had a glint of mischief in them, and Steve swore he saw Tony
,” Steve said, beginning to get annoyed.
“Well, it is,” said Tony. “Walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, knocks you on your ass like a duck. Half the weight and forty times cheaper than the commercial kind. And you don’t have to have a license to own one of these.”
Bruce, Rhodey, Coulson, and Sam were still in the Japanese soaking tub. Not one of them had budged.
“Trust fund—”
“Tony, stop it!”
“You didn’t tell me,” said Tony.
“Gimme the tire iron. I can change it,” said Scott Lang, twitchy from hours spent sitting in the van.
“Also there was a pretty sizeable detour slash navigational fuckup, did you know New Haven is mainly black?”
The next play went quickly as Steve, distracted by the sight of Tony looking ill-at-ease on the sidelines, missed an easy interception and watched the disc go floating airily into the hands of a visibly surprised Sam Wilson.
“Well, seems like you crazy kids could use a break,” said the mechanic. “Also I just ate a chimichanga and it is
“Which is why he’s bringing a chaperone,” said Tony. “Say hi to Aunt May, guys,” and opened the door. A surprisingly good-looking woman—no, a
Tony’s eyes weren’t on his cock—they were on Steve’s, his gaze dark and intense. “Suck it,” he said, simply, and Steve opened his mouth and gave a soft, wet suckle, purling lushly over the soft pink head of Tony’s cock and ending with a protracted tonguing of the sensitive underside of the rim.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” said Clint. “In the rooms, technically they can’t do anything about it. You’re both minors, trying to figure out if it’s mutual statutory or just really loud porn is real awkward for them. All kindsa liability if they start questioning you about your sex life, because again, minor. But you go having sex outside on SHIELD property, in public, that’s a real law. Indecency. They can actually nail you for that.” He waggled an Xacto blade at Steve. “Face it, you’re our auditory floor show every night.”
“I hadn’t thought to put a numerical value on it,” Steve admitted. He licked a stripe up Tony’s cock. “You know you’re kind of a nerd, right? I mean, I get that you have this reputation as the playboy of the century—”
Steve, stretched out on his belly on the floor with a sketchbook, looked up. “She’s in my History class,” he offered. “Russian, right?”
“If we leave New York unguarded,” Steve started, and Tony pointed at him.
“Yeah, uh. What he said,” Scott Lang said. “I like living?”
Everyone looked at Tony.
“Yes, God, no wrestling.”
“That looks like an armory,” said Tony.
“What, you gonna Edward Cullen over him while he sleeps?” said Carol.
the infirmary?” asked Tony. “This is just a school, can they even take
“It’s a town called Bucksnort. I don’t think we’re that far off,” said Bruce.
“Uh, Tony,” said Sam. “You sure you wanna pull over here for pizza?”
“Clean up your components or they’re going in the trash next time I come round,” called Maria, her voice floating off down the hall.
“I know what I have to do,” said Steve. “I know it sounds crazy.”
“Why is Russian an extra scary language to get yelled at in?” asked Scott.
“Why? It’s true, you’re blushing like a virgin. Doesn’t
“Well, it’s official. I officially hate nature,” said Tony, wiping his tongue on the hem of his t-shirt. “Even the stuff that’s supposed to rule sucks, it’s all just a bunch of smug hippie bullshit—”
“OK, so I can stay, but keep quiet?”
“Relax,” said Clint. “Let me handle this.” As Scott slowed gingerly to a halt in the gravel parking lot of the tiny gas station, Barton hopped out and approached the tiny store. The windows were coated with a reflective, smoky tint, but they could just make him out inside, talking to the cashier and pointing at the van outside.
“You will shut up,” said Natasha to Scott imperiously. Then she pointed at Tony. “You will explain. Now, please.”
Things like: “You’re a really good cocksucker, you know that? You know you could get a
“Have we already crossed over the line into Maryland?” Scott asked.
“Yeah, you can say that again.”
“Thanks,” Steve said to the truck driver who’d picked him up outside Philly and gotten him almost all the way to Chester Phillips Academy. “You really helped a lot.”
“I guess,” Steve said, stepping over the laundry basket to place his backpack on the bed. It looked pretty small next to all Tony’s gear, but after three years of military school, Steve didn’t carry much in the way of personal items.
Steve paused. “And me?”
“It was April,” said Peter Parker. When everyone looked at him, he flushed red. “What? She just couldn’t get a handle on her fear during the snake challenge.”
“That is disgusting,” Tony said, looking back to the road in time to avoid a particularly pesky tree. “Please, someone strap Barton to the roof rack.”
“And here I thought we were gonna make it to a whole hour without mentioning that,” said Sam, and Steve snorted.
A chorus of groans arose, and Tony rose above them with a hollered, “All right, all right, settle. Let’s pull over and get pizza, backtracking will be less awful once we’re all fed.”
Tony let Steve’s cock out of his mouth to look up at him incredulously. “You’ve gotta be kidding me. Xavier School is the definition of a joke. It’s an
Tony blinked once, then twice. “Holy shit, you think I’m
“Parker.”
“You’re funny, you know that?” said Tony, his eyes narrowing.
“Oh hell yes, I’m gonna get nachos, hey Wilson,” Clint said, edging past both of them on the way into the Sheetz. Sam and Tony looked at each other.
“Steven seems unlikely to meet this fate,” said Thor. “He is well trained in the art of survival. We’ve had many talks about hunting and foraging for mushrooms, which in Norway is a typical evening—”
rry,” said Steve—purposely seesawing the word in his mouth because he wanted to see what Tony would do.
“What was your vision?” said Clint. There was quiet for a moment, and he looked at Tony. “What, the man said he had a vision. No one else is curious?”
“How so?” said Steve.
“I never thought I’d say this, but I miss Bucksnort,” said Clint. “Why the hell are we in New Haven?”
“Kitchen’s through that door,” said Sitwell. “Ice pack’s in the freezer. Help yourself and bring it back tomorrow.”
Everyone sat up a bit straighter and looked around the darkened parking lot into the trees beyond.
“Ahh, Bucksnort,” Scott Lang said around a sprayed mouthful of Pringles. “Home sweet trailer park. Hey, do you think we could buy moonshine around here?”
“Easy there, easy,” he said. “He’s gone and he’s not coming back in here. Rogers.”
“Don’t look at me,” said Scott Lang, whom no one was looking at. “I was just supposed to hot wire the van.”
“Yeah, everyone on third floor with ears says different,” said Clint.
“I broke into a place and stole some stuff.”
“Don’t you mean let’s have it?”
“Holy fuck, there are a million and one stars out here,” announced Barton as he stepped out the back of the van, unzipping his jeans as he went. “Hey, I think I see Little Bear!”
“Well, I have a boyfriend, but I hear Barton’s looking,” said Tony. “Barton! Thor! Let’s get a move on! You too, Borscht Spice,” he said, looking Natasha up and down. “You any good with batting your eyelashes at military types?”
“Does anyone see any milk crates?”
“Kee-rist,” muttered Tony, but pulled the van over to the side of the road.
“Yes!” said Thor with relish. “I fell in and was struck mightily. But I am mightier, and I merely dreamt while others might have drowned. My good friend Sam pulled me out! With friend Stark’s assistance,” Thor added, after a glance at Tony and Steve.
to be ordered around. And lucky for you,” Tony said, punctuating the thought with a kiss, “I am more than usually bossy.”
“Come on, it wasn’t even like I set anything on fire! It was a false alarm.”
“Phillips’ head it is,” said Tony, passing him the tool. “Thor, anyone coming?”
“Go right in the front door,” said Steve.
“An appropriate one, Tony, he’s
you? I didn’t think you knew about
Tony took the pelting with good grace. “So, one of you’s driving?” he said after the shower of trash died down.
“Today, class, we’re going to talk more about the Magna Carta.” In response to the chorus of groans, he held out his hands. “I know, I know. But consider this: the great charter is the first document the English managed to come up with which pushes back against the idea of the divine right of kings to basically act like tyrants. It is a resistance to absolute power, an assertion of the rights of the governed, a safeguard against bullies.” His eyes rested briefly on Bruce’s—then flicked away, a subtle beat, just long enough for a hush to descend over the class. “And that is why we are basically never going to be done talking about the Magna Carta. Everybody got their notecards for the debate? Right, get them out.”
“Is this the superhero party?”
“Romanoff? Romanoff?”
“Tony, really.”
“Wow,” said Sam. “That’s impressive. You lie for America in the Olympics?”
“It is a one-man job,” said Steve. “Which is why I brought one man. Not that the backup isn’t appreciated,” he added to Tony. “I’m sure it’ll be good if we have to fight our way out.”
Peter obediently jogged off to the sidelines, nodding at Stark, who came onfield looking uncomfortable.  He stayed uncharacteristically quiet all through the huddle, and Steve wondered if he’d perhaps found the one arena on Earth where Tony Stark was not possessed of superhuman self-confidence.
“Based on
when Sam sighed. “Of course, if he keeps on hogging up all the pretty girls, I’mma kill him myself,” and jogged off to rejoin the team.
to have a problem with, it’d be Clint Barton. “Why does Natasha need it. exactly?” he asked Clint, trying to keep his tone polite and neutral.
“You’re lucky you didn’t piss yourself.” Tony paused, sniffed. “Wait. Did you?”
“Well. Cocktail over there is
“A deal’s a deal,” Hill said. “Buck up, at least you get to pick.”
“That is… quite a story,” said Steve. “Was anyone else injured while you guys came to look for me?”
“Oh no, someone comes. But it’s not Tony’s dad. It’s his butler.”
“Right?” said Tony, before being interrupted by the back doors of the van flying open. Barton, along with the red-jumpsuited gas station attendant, stood there. “All right,” said Barton. “Everyone out so we can change this tire.” As the teenagers piled out, Tony pulled the archer aside. “Think it’s a good idea to let him see all of us?”
,” seconded Thor, and that’s when they heard the unmistakeable sound of a very large panel of glass somewhere in the building shattering, followed by a faint alarm. Tony, about to surmount the top of the fire escape, sagged slightly.
Tony joined him at the window. The boy lying in the bed was their age; Steve’s age. Dark hair, a strong jaw, long limbs. He looked like he could have been an Ultimate Frisbee player, if he hadn’t been comatose. Tony looked at the greasy hair, the circles under the eyes. The boy looked like him, after three straight nights of engineering. He wondered if Steve had a type.
what you think?” Steve sounded amused. “Tony, what exactly do you think is new under the sun? Men being with other men isn’t an invention, like your phone or the Interweb.”
“Everybody shut up,” said Tony, who was beginning to sweat. From beyond the door, he hears what sounded like someone throwing a shopping cart down an escalator. Steve, operating with his usual subtlety. He felt a light tap on his shoulder. Looked. Scott was holding out a folded scratch-off card, the metallic paint facing out.
Steve drew one more deep, appreciative breath of the night air and then set off, jogging up the driveway after Tony, a dark shape glowing against the white gravel. Not for the first time, Steve admired the smaller boy’s fluidity, his grace—and then a thought caught him smack across the face:
“I know, I’m just worried about bats.”
“Just.
“Yeah, comas’ll do that to you,” Mr. Coulson said.
“Aren’t there always milk crates lying around whenever people need to get into places?”
“So we’re not picking that, how about crew?”
“Sure, sure, mijo,” Sitwell said absently from the archaeological dig he was making of Bruce’s arm. “Don’t fall on any brass knucks on your way back to class, alright?”
“Not a clue,” Steve admitted. “You?”
“Wow, Tony. Just wow.”
“What’re we looking for, I don’t see anything,” said Tony. Then he saw the garbage truck backing up to a side loading dock. “Oh no. No no no no no. Tell me this plan of yours doesn’t involve hiding in garbage cans, I have already been through a
“And you think there’s gonna be a Shasta machine, really specifically, on the roof of this creepy-ass mental institution?” said Sam. “Barton! I think I got your voice of optimism right here.”
“It’s from Twilight, Jesus, don’t you kids read anything nowadays? Anyway, what are you, a stalker? Don’t be creepy, wake him up.”
“I bet,” said Tony. “I’m genuinely shocked you never considered going on reality television.”
“Stopping me... getting snacks?” said Tony.
“That doesn’t look like a hospital.”
Clint snorted. “Trust me. Even disoriented, Tasha’s not a klutz. She’ll be smart with it. I just think she’d sleep better knowing she had a weapon handy.”
They sat in silence for a while longer, listening to the cicadas, the soft dusk chorus of songbirds, Scott Lang’s voice asking if anyone had orange slices.
“I don’t have a girlfriend,” Clint responded rotely, turning the knuckles over in his palm. “But you’re right, these are perfect for Tasha. How much do I owe you?”
Steve shrugged. “Back in my day, a man felt that strongly about someone else, you were bound to be able to tell.”
“Wanna find out?”
“It’s uh, it’s when you kiss someone, on like their neck, and then the suction forms a bruise—”
“Yeah, should’ve come up with an answer for that before you opened your big yap,” Clint crowed.
getting Coulson to take a vacation.”
“We’re all gonna die,” Bruce announced.
“Please fuck me,
“You’re
“Macaroni salad,” Peter Parker said, then, reflexively, “Sorry.”
“Yeah?” said Tony, climbing in. “Son of a bitch. It
“I didn’t know you could get your CDL at sixteen,” said Bruce.
“Army. I was in a high school run by the Army.”
“Our play is—ouch! Leave it alone! Our play is to say fuck it, get back in the van, and wait till morning,” said Tony. “At least in the morning, we can see what the hell is tripping us—” (here, Sam and Scott both nodded), “Biting us—” (Peter winced), “Standing right in our path invisibly—” (Clint lifted his wadded and bloody t-shirt briefly from his nose), “or
“So, how do you propose we get in?”
“What is acid?” asked Natasha, and Tony narrowed his eyes at her across the van. He was
Steve joined Tony under the smoke detector, waving a rolled-up copy of Spin. “Why only this semester?”
“I haven’t decided yet,” said Steve.
while ignoring the smell of Tony’s… soldering? Was it still soldering, or had the project on the radiator technically crossed the line into welding? Steve snapped back to Tony’s question.
“Absolutely,” said Tony. “Remind me never to experience the real America ever again. Into the van, everyone!”
“Thor!”
“Hear, hear,” agreed Natasha without opening her eyes.
“C’mon, Sitwell, just one little incision, in and out, you’re telling me you don’t have faith in my electronics? After the job I did for you?”
“I think we’re done pouring liquids down you, big boy,” said Tony, before nearly running into the broad chest and folded arms of Sam Wilson.
Tony snorted. “Naw, I’m thinking we’ll do just fine with the eight lock picking sets and several genius juvenile delinquents I brought along. And one heavy hitter, that’s you, buddy.”
“Eh, I’ll take a handjob behind the air compressors,” said the mechanic. When Tony’s eyes widened, he burst out with a high cackle. “Just kidding, I kid, I kid! It’ll be ten bucks.”
“What are we waiting for?” came Natasha’s voice from behind him.
“What did you bribe her with?” asked Hope.
,” Steve moaned, the words out before he could control them.
“Ditto football, basketball, baseball. Soccer doesn’t really have a uniform, technically, but they have practices twice a day at four and seven—”
Steve decided to let that slide. “You brought a van, huh.”
"Mmm," Pepper agreed, taking a sip of her drink. "It
“Nah, just always been handsome,” said Barton, looking nervous. “You don’t have to—OW!”
“Hey, at least it’s not me,” said Coulson.
“AHEM,” said Hill.
“Guess I’m not gonna get any privacy, am I?”
“Hey, a little less smart-assery, a little more reading-the-map-ery,” said Tony.
Steve set his fork down. “You don’t miss much, do you.”
“You know. When the gloss would wear off, and I was just a kid from Brooklyn again. You’re starting to see it. Who I really am. How much of it is just…” Steve gestured, vaguely, at the world out there. “… just me, flying by the seat of my pants.”
“Pull over. Pull over right now,” said Bruce, joined by a chorus of several other van inhabitants in varying tones of concern. The van slowly petered to a stop, and Tony turned to look over his shoulder.
them, and it had only taken six months of secret planning to get there.
“But seriously,” said Peter Parker, “What are the rest of us going to do?”
doing that? You
Mr. Coulson’s face did a complicated and elaborate sort of wince, which, along with all the muscles in his right shoulder reflexively shifting towards Steve and then back away, told Steve that his teacher had just tried, at great personal cost, to keep from embracing him. Steve appreciated both the gesture and its restraint, but he didn’t really know what to say next, so he awkwardly waited. After a while, Mr. Coulson said, “Have you had a chance to see him?”
“Yeah, too few bars and guards,” shot Tony.
“Glad you asked, Peter,” said Scott, “And it depends on what type of ceiling you’re talking about. Most drop ceilings, there’s only a few inches between the tiles and the bottom of the next floor, and that space is filled with bundles of wires and routers and ductwork, etc. But in one-story commercial buildings like department stores, those ceilings can be as far as six feet below the actual level of the roof, which gives you plenty of room to maneuver. But then we run into the real problem common to drop ceilings, which is weigh—”
you let him drive like that? Did you just figure, nothing was gonna happen?”
"Ooooh. You telling?" said Tony, and she shook her head 'no', smiling broadly. "I don't want you gloating if I fail."
Tony’s eyes didn’t budge from Steve’s, but his wolfish grin grew wider. “Yeah. It is.”
“Shit yes,” Tony muttered, suddenly dry-throated. He selected the reddest berry from Steve’s open palm, popped it in his mouth, watched as Steve’s eyes darkened in turn—and promptly spat the berry out.
“Not yet,” Tony told him. “Why?”
Barton, his face impassive but dripping with sweat, did not respond, instead pushing harder on the stuck iron.
“Any time,” said Tony, patting Clint on the back as he turned to leave. Right before Clint stepped out the door, he stopped and looked over his shoulder at Steve.
Steve jolted awake with a start. The light in the Greyhound was blue and stark, casting everything and everyone in an ugly, cheap flourescence. His seatmate, a flirtatious blonde named Carol, was gently poking him.
“Mmm,” said Bruce, a few minutes later.
,” said Tony.
“Not trash, components,” Tony called back, his eyes not leaving Steve’s. Steve felt his face heat under the shorter boy’s inspection. No one back home looked at Steve like that. Then again, no one back home told you their jerk-off habits within thirty seconds of meeting you, either.
Clint snorted. “You are
the wall.”
“He’s talking about Tony Stark,” said Clint. “What?’ he said when Steve stared at him. “Cone of silence only applies when you’re not actively begging for help with your sex life. Your sexy, sexy sex life.”
“Yep, total rescue mission, that’s what this is, you’re not mad?” said Tony.
“It’s not any of these. That’s the library, that’s the administrative building, those two are classrooms, and that’s the gym over there. If you could draw a line straight through the library, you’d hit the infirmary on the other side of it.”
“I know what a taser is,” said Steve. “That doesn’t look like one.”
and Steve’s whole world would collapse. In science lab, he looked down at his notebook and saw only Tony’s eyes, warm and dark and inviting, looking up at him—Tony’s mouth, wrapped around his cock. In English class, he had to turn in a piece of short writing unfinished because he zoned so badly on the sense memory of Tony’s hands sliding up his thighs that he simply froze, staring off into space, until the kitchen timer dinged and Ms. Danvers made them all turn their papers in. Steve obeyed, but was haunted for the rest of the day by the nagging worry that he’d somehow written down some of the things Tony’d been whispering in his ear as he stroked him, things Steve had no idea people could even
Halfway to the United States Junior Military Reserve Academy, the van developed a flat tire.
Steve’s voice cracked a little. “Yes—yes
“A lesser country?” Bruce inquired mildly, and Tony noticed in the rearview mirror that Natasha was sitting up ominously straight.
“No, Mr. Stark,” said Maria Hill with a tone of infinite patience, “
“Barton,” Steve said dumbly, and then Clint was gone.
,” Clint said, reaching over Natasha’s shoulder and pointing directly at the hickey on Steve’s neck. “That right there is a hickey.”
A brief silence. “I haven’t decided yet.”
“Get to the point, Stark,” Steve panted, undoing Tony’s sweatpants string.
Steve smiled. “Like I said. There’s nothing about this that shocks me, I was just surprised, I guess, because they seemed remarkably subtle about it.”
Tony had hopped off the bed and was rummaging around in one of the many plastic bins he kept components in. “Getting my tools. I can’t work without my tools.”
who we play next week, right?”
“Not likely, next week we play Hydra in Ultimate!” Tony yelled over his shoulder as the door closed between them. In an undertone to Steve, he muttered, “That
good-looking woman, with sparkling brown eyes and long legs—was standing on the curb next to an embarrassed-looking teenager and a pair of suitcases. She bent down to look into the limo.
making you choose a sport, as per the terms of our agreement this September.”
“I’m just asking,” said Steve. “In general. Am I like, a clueless guy?”
Of course, then he took them into Queens and it nearly all went to hell.
“Come with us.”
“I’m sure,” said Bruce. “Thor, buddy, are you still seeing any colors, any traces of this vision?”
Steve blinked blearily out the window. “What is it, a rest stop?”
“I’ve always wanted to commit conspiracy.”
“Yeah, right, budge over, short stuff,” Sam Wilson said, nudging Tony over and rolling up his sleeves. “I know you like to be in charge of everything…”
“It is not,” said Steve.
“Oooohkay,” said Peter. “Fair warning, I think this van might be going to explode.”
in a coma.” Steve realized he was drifting and snapped back to the class. Mr. Coulson was asking a question. No. Wait. Mr. Coulson was calling a name like it was a question.
It was kind of hard to miss the SHIELD Academy van and parking lot full of sleepy teenagers on the way up the road. Steve walked up to the group with his backpack slung over one shoulder, ruefully noting how no one even seemed to hear him until he was practically standing on top of them. “Hey guys.”
“Hey, someone else can be good at that,” said Tony. “I’ll settle for being good at Ultimate Frisbee—”
“We don’t fit in here,” Steve said, the complaint swallowed up by Tony’s warm, pliant kiss.
“I’ve got experiments running?” Bruce ventured.
It’d just finished raining, which in this corner of Pennsylvania just meant that that the sky was gathering its breath for another shower; Steve’s sneakers splashed in the muddy driveway as he began to pick up pace, his body building up warmth as his muscles loosened in the cold air—by the time he got back, he’d be steaming like a horse, all his muscles twitching pleasurably. Which sounded great, except for how he couldn’t seem to get out of his head, stop running over the filmstrip of Tony’s face in the exact moment between when Clint had interrupted them and the moment when the Tony Stark Charm Offensive had been switched on. In that brief second between pure self-indulgence and pure business, had there been something like—hurt? Right as the penny dropped, Steve’s foot fell badly and a shooting spike of pain darted right up the top of his foot, all the way to the  knee. Steve went down in a cluster of tiger lilies, right next to the SHIELD Academy sign. Clutching his soaked sneaker, he sat up and tried to massage his spasming foot back into some semblance of looseness, when he noticed that the fountain was turned off. A sparrow hunched under the dry ledge of the fountain, staring balefully at Steve. Even for a fluffy bird the size of a handball, its gaze seemed accusatory.
Walking across the tarmac from a smaller Cessna, Scott Lang and Hope Van Dyne waved sheepishly. “Hi, guys,” said Scott. “Thanks for inviting us.”
A wadded, wet napkin hit him in the face. Then an empty soda cup. Then a small hail of other assorted lunch trash.
“Where to?” The question came from Sam, whose tone gave nothing away.
After several minutes of this, Steve dropped his head.  “No,” he admitted. “It’s not OK.”
to come on vacation, too!”
“Cause Dad never shows up,” said Sam. He waited a beat for the implication to sink in, eyes sliding sideways to watch Steve.  “Yeah, see, no one has ever seen Tony Stark’s parents. They don’t come to drop him off, they don’t come to pick him up, they don’t come for anything.”
“It’s too tall for any of us to reach.”
Steve swiveled around in his chair to boggle at Barton.
exception to my dad having gone to Harvard,” Tony said. “Take this exit.”
“Stopping you,” said Sam.
“He does look to be the same age,” said Bruce.
“Yeah,” said Clint, around a mouthful of banana. “Makes you wonder what we’re paying taxes for.”
“I’m pretty the god of sex doesn’t dress like that,” said Steve, gesturing at Clint’s ensemble, which today included a purple t-shirt, three sizes too tight, that had ridden up and exposed a fair swath of Clint’s belly.
“A, I tailor those pants, and B, that’s an amazing seat,” Tony said. “But seriously, Rogers, you think that’s news to me? I’m Mister Make It Up As I Go. So are all of us. You think any of us have a grand master plan? That’s bad guy territory. That’s what Doom’s got, a master plan. The rest of us are just improvisers.” Somewhere during his monologue, Tony noticed that he’d turned on his side to face Steve, and Steve on his side to face Tony. They lay together, sharing the same pillow, close. It was… nice.
“Your hand is on my cock,” Steve said.
“Tony,” Steve said.
Steve processed.
No one in the tub budged, or even fluttered an eyelid.
“Прекрати это дерьмо прямо сейчас!” Everyone froze and looked guiltily at Natasha. She pointed at Steve. “You. Get him back and away from Tony.”
Steve shrugged with one shoulder. “That kinda wore off by mile two hundred.”
“Does he just… live at the school?” Steve asked.
“I don’t think you’re a bad listener, Steve,” Bruce said kindly. “But it might help if we knew what you were talking about.”
“You want something? We’re in King of Prussia and this is the best chance to get something, if you’re hungry.”
“My brother committed a conspiracy once,” said Thor. “It was against our father and got him banished from our home for several years.”
“A, that was a spider, and B, way to keep up the positive attitude, buddy,” said Tony, and that’s when the shouts of “Here!” “Over here!” began. Running was impossible in the densely brambled forest, but Tony bull-rushed his way through the underbrush to the spot where Bruce and Natasha were already laying on their bellies, aiming their flashlights down into a dripping, rocky hole. At the bottom, Thor was standing chest-deep in a pool of black water, looking dazed and a bit bloody, and swaying like he’d take a heavy concussion. Tony knew that feeling.
make noise?” Tony asked.
Three times.”
“Internet,” Tony automatically corrected him. “We just call it Interweb to be funny.”
, thought Steve, and felt a swell of protectiveness.
She watched him in the mirror as he backed away, waiting until he’d re-opened the fire door before speaking.
true,” Steve said to the kid who was, rather annoyingly, poking the back of Steve’s neck with a pencil point. Normally, this would be an act of warfare. Since this kid was simultaneously tapping Steve’s neck, drumming his fingers on his own desk, joggling one heel on the floor
“Yeah, no wonder he likes you,” Sam said. “I ever tell you I saw that guy walk straight into a Young Republicans afterschool meeting and punch their president right in the face?”
“Is it the swipey kind or the touchy kind?”
“Sorry?”
“Too bad,” said Steve, tugging himself up the wall and landing lightly on his feet on the soft leaf litter that cushioned the other side. “I would’ve enjoyed having you on this side of the wall.”
“Your cousin was on America’s Next Top Model?” said Barton. “You got pictures?”
“I’m with Natasha,” said Scott Lang instantly—Barton mouthed
Steve stepped in front of Barton and began carefully folding a new skein of cotton gauze. Barton’s shoulders were relaxed, but his gaze followed Steve’s every move. “So what’re you, like, a commando or something?”
When they finally found the nurse’s office, Barton was already there, sitting on an examination table, swinging his legs and looking like he didn’t have a care in the world. Except for the two wads of bloody cotton stuffed up his nose. “Hey, guys.”
“What are you even
But Steve was already brushing past all of them, a purposeful bent to his stride as he moved to the first filing cabinet and yanked open the top drawer. “You,” he said, snapping his fingers at Bruce. “Take the second cabinet. You,” he said, pointing to Peter Parker. “Are you any good at computers?”
“A taser,” Tony said, slowly. “You touch it, it hurts.”
“We won’t be noticed if we just park the van in the lot and walk from there,” said Bruce.
“I was in one once, too,” said Mr. Coulson. “Medically induced. It wasn’t pleasant. I dreamed a lot while I was in it, but afterwards, I had flashbacks.”
“More like so turned on I could throw you through the mattress,” said Steve, crossing the room.
“King of Prussia. It’s a place, sweetie,” Carol said patiently. “I wouldn’t have woken you up, except we aren’t gonna stop again for food for a long time, and they give you half an hour here.”
Silence greeted his statement—well, silence, and a hoot owl announcing itself somewhere off in the forest. Tony appeared around the side of the wall. Even in the dark, Steve could hear the smile in his voice.
tilting an empty desk in the next row over with his other foot, Steve was gonna go with “undiagnosed ADHD” instead.
“I have taken no drug,” said Thor. “I merely saw what the waters wanted me to see. Time, power, space, reality, mind and soul—these are all components of truth, but without each other, they are as beams of colored light. Together, their true beauty is revealed.”
“I meant on me, dickhead, but points for being willing to take one for the team, I guess.”
. With the Pearl Jam.”
“You ex-boyfriend,” prompted Carol gently.
The group was lying on their bellies on the far side of a chain-link fence, looking into the manicured grounds of the Chester Phillips Academy. The chain-link fence was not particularly tall, and the ground they were laying on was not particularly steep; nor was the campus teeming with students. They were lying on their bellies because the group had collectively decided that it seemed like the cool thing to do.
“I used to set a lot of minor injuries for my… back at my old school,” Steve said. “A bloody nose is no big deal. If you’d let me, I can help get Barton patched back up while you work on Banner.”
“It’s based off the Beverly Hills Cop thing, you know, with the old foil chewing gum wrappers,” said Lang.
“In the meanwhile,” Mr. Coulson said, “Let’s talk about the War of the Roses, and why generations of inbreeding between royalty is a bad idea.”
whatever’s gotten
,” Clint wound up triumphantly, slapping Steve on the back. “Face it, buddy. We almost died following you.”
“Nothing yet,” said Clint, working his way down the other side of the hall. “Ah, wait, we got a live one here.”
“This must be the guy,” said Tony. “I’ll get started on this door. Someone go find Steve.”
“Well, that’s our end zone. That’s theirs. You wanna throw it to one of ours, in their end zone. No running with the Frisbee, you got ten seconds to throw it once you’ve got it.”
“Loosened it for you,” said Clint immediately.
of them. Sitting on the sidelines, looking bored except for how they weren’t—their eyes kept tracking Tony, and whenever he’d go jogging past two or three of them would sit up straighter, laugh a little louder, adjust hair and cleavage. Steve couldn’t even really blame them, which was also kind of annoying; Tony was a sheer pleasure to watch. When he stretched out to catch a low disc, he seemed to hang in the air a few milliseconds longer than a normal human would, like Jordan hovering at the net, the laws of physics mysteriously inapplicable. And on defense, his speed and ferocity made him seem a half a foot taller—even though he was physically smaller than almost everyone on the team except Parker. Steve frequently found himself just stopping to
“Is that your reputation?” said Sam. “Must be a quiet kind of reputation. I haven’t heard anything like that.”
“Get off,” Steve said.
Tony looked at him like he’d just suggested blood sacrifice. “
“Oh yeah, I love that scene,” said Clint. “Always wanted a chance to use it.”
“No one told me New Haven wasn’t all
“Aunt
Natasha, stepping over Bruce, didn’t answer—instead, she squeezed through the space between driver’s and passenger seat and, balling up her fist, punched the glove compartment, which fell open. Several large folding maps, plus a pocket Rand McNally, fell out.
Tony’s smile widened. “Sure is, is that your stuff?”
Sam grinned for a second, letting Tony’s face cycle through disbelief and shock. Then he held up his phone. “Naw. Uber. I knew Barton couldn’t go without a pee break.”
“OK. How do I tell who’s on our team?”
Steve stilled, abruptly, around the guffaw which—damnit—was definitely happening, blowjob or not. He let Tony’s cock slip from his mouth. “Your parents have a vacation house in the Hamptons?”
"I think I might wanna sleep with Rogers," he blurted out fifteen minutes later, as Pepper puttered around their room, tidying away her--and Tony's--belongings for the weekend, swatting out the wrinkles on a shirt before hanging it in the closet.
“Lucky for you, I’ve got an entire wildly smart building, plus multiple bots who’ve been trained to run every kind of sim routine imaginable,” Tony returned. “Friday, move Dummy down to the lab and get him caught up to speed on Dr. Banner’s work with, what is it, subatomic noise? Done. Hey, could someone get Coulson on the phone? Last time we tangled with Doom he was looking a little crispy around the edges.”
“I find,” said May, returning the bottle to the edge of the tub and preemptively uncorking another to let it breathe, “That being drunk in a tub is objectively better than just about any other state on earth.”
“What’d I miss?” Steve asked, coming up beside Tony, who gave the phone up as a lost cause and tossed it aside.
“Tasha, Natasha,
or something.”
,” he whispered against Steve’s mouth, and before Steve could gasp sealed it with a rough kiss. Steve felt Tony’s fist, wet with sweat, grip down on his shaft and tug it hard, and he whimpered into Tony’s mouth as his own hips chased Tony’s hand upwards.
“You know, you can just walk
“No I mean the other movie! Damnit, Banner, which movie do I mean?” Lang said, smacking the cafeteria table in frustration.
“Yeah, me too,” said Scott Lang, dropping his chin into his cupped hands. “Come on, buddy. Tell me about your vision.”
“Like shit,” Steve said.
“Well, I wasn’t the only one in the car. This buddy of mine, he was also there. And, uh, he’s still in a coma.”
Steve did as he was told, dragging Bucky away physically and placing himself between the injured boy and Tony, who continued to glare at Barnes.
, like an alarm clock or a cell phone. Tony’s stuff was all just… stuff. Steve reached out to inspect what looked like a partially dismantled cordless drill.
“What? Yeah, I’m fine,” said Steve. “Parker! Let Stark in, go get some water.”
A snoring Happy, still sprawled out on the picnic table.
“No, Thor, it’s not,” said Tony, wearily massaging the bridge of his nose. “It’s a fucking balloon tire. Only meant to get us to somewhere we can get the real one fixed. Means we have to go to a tire place. Or a mechanics. Does anyone know where there’s a mechanic in…” he squinted at the green exit sign at the crest of the hill. “… Bucksnort, Pennsylvania?”
“Whatever, what I need to know is, which one should I choose?”
“Yes’m,” said Steve.
“Yeah,” said Clint Barton, climbing forward through the van. “Budge over.” Taking the seat from Tony, he adjusted the height of the steering wheel and the mirrors. “Jesus Christ, Stark, how short
a car!” hissed Peter Parker, hopping from foot to foot in an apoplexy of anxiety. From beneath the school van, Scott Lang’s legs shifted.
“And he’s an athlete, or was,” said Clint.
“Bruce Banner, always with the optimistic outlook,” Clint, climbing right behind him, announced.
“Well, you can relax, Cap. No HYDRA around here,” said Tony. “Trust me, I’ve checked.”
“You know, if this thing lets loose from the building, we’re gonna be in a world of hurt,” said Bruce as they climbed.
“Hey, good to see you. You wanna sub in after the next score?”
“Is this a sex thing?” said Clint, knee jiggling at double time on his stool. “I gotta prepare myself mentally if this is a sex thing. Also I am the god of sex things.”
“Well, maybe that’s your problem. Chop chop, everyone in the Mystery Machine, we’re going for a ride.”
and then Tony turned around and those dark liquid eyes nearly swallowed Steve whole. “So I’ve been thinking,” Tony said, jogging backwards, “Everyone always tries to sneak out and go skinny dipping in the swimming pool, right?”
“Come on, why so modest. I’ve heard about how you throw down, that security guard coulda killed you and instead he went off with his tail between his legs.”
“Is that what you asked me to come along for?”
“Too bad, it’s the Avengers definition, we had this argument long before you showed up,” said Tony. “It’s literally written into the bylaws of Avenging.”
“Are you
“About eleven, give or take,” said Tony. “Hard to keep track when you’re making out with a twenty-seven-year old slice of Americana.” For a moment, they grinned at each other, the fondness filling every corner of the room with sunshine.
“Don’t feel bad,” said Bruce, reaching over and patting Steve’s hand comfortingly. “It’s Tony Stark’s world, we’re all just playing in it.”
“Tony!”
Tony’s face broke into a wide grin. “Good.” He began undoing his jeans, a little flair in the gestures of unbuttoning and unzipping that told Steve he was perfectly aware of how good he looked doing it. Steve gulped, got busy stripping his own t-shirt off—when he emerged from the shirt, Tony’s eyes were somehow darker. “Nice night,” Steve said, lamely.
have you not picked up on this?”
“I didn’t say it would be good for your blood pressure,” said Sam.
involvement, is that clear?”
“Shut up,” Steve moaned, as Tony’s dark head dipped over a nipple. “Ouch!”
Tony took the card, set it into the card reader crease-first, and swiped. With a thudding sound, the lock opened.
“Oooh,” said Peter. “Me too. I can do that too.”
“Why would there be milk crates here?”
“We could ram the gates,” said Thor. “This van is mighty.”
this place,” Tony sputtered, stumbling after Steve through the darkened forest.
Bruce leaned over to look. “Tony, how did you manage to get a whole tree branch inside your eyelid?”
“That it is, so I should make sure you leave with a good understanding of the Spanish Inquisition and why it sucked,” said the teacher, and Barton endured a halfhearted shower of groans before genially flipping off the class. The teacher, back turned, didn’t react—but as the class settled with an air of comfortable resignation into the day’s reading, Steve noticed the portrait glass covering a photo of Headmaster Fury on the wall above the chalkboard. For a moment he thought he caught his teacher’s bright blue gaze, looking quietly amused, in the reflection of the entire class, and thought he might really be going to like History—then the door slammed open, aqua pebble-glass shattering across the floor, as a boy and a security guard tumbled into the classroom, locked in a violent embrace. The security guard had a fistful of the boy’s messy black hair, and as they fell to the floor, he yanked it backwards—Steve caught a glimpse of corded neck muscles and bared white teeth, and then his History teacher was
“Sir,” said Barton quietly, and the entire class strained to hear, “She doesn’t speak
“Woah,” came a voice from over Tony’s shoulder. Scott Lang. “I wonder if Steve had a type.”
“Don’t mention it,” said Steve. “I used to have a friend would do this for me.” Abruptly closing his mouth, he began tearing off sections of the paper towel, folding them into dippable points so the boy could clean out the glassy scrape on his elbow. They worked, quietly, together; in the background, Steve could hear his teacher gently redirecting kids to help clean up, sending the Barton kid for a custodian: “Don’t run into Headmaster Fury!” the teacher called after him, then came back over and squatted down next to Steve and the black-haired boy.
“You were in the car, weren’t you,” said Tony.
“Why all the kids love me,” said Sitwell. “Now get back to your dorm, Rogers. Can’t hide out here forever.”
Steve’s vision went black, his stomach plunging as he pictured Bucky—those eyes—turning to grin at him in the empty classroom—those five minutes in the laundromat—their second kiss just five hours after the first because they couldn’t wait again—those eyes. Bucky, turning to him in the empty English classroom, that Thanksgiving with the windows open and the scent of the fir trees and the knowledge that everyone else had already cleared off campus and it was just them, they’d done it, they’d found a way to be alone together.
“Great,” said Mr. Coulson. “I work at SHIELD all day, I’m sick of SHIELD problems. What’s up?”
"You're just now realizing this?" she said, her voice rich with amusement. "Tony, I've watched you pine after him like a schoolgirl for years. I once pulled an entire, rooted hair from the middle of your scalp while you were looking at him, and you didn't even notice. What's changed?"
“You’re telling me,” Sam said. They watched Tony soaking up the affection of his teammates a little more. As Tony leaned into a friendly chokehold, Steve felt the knot of jealousy in his stomach loosen, then finally melt away. He was about to turn to Sam and say something like,
“Yeah. Come on, get up and come in. You won’t be sorry you ate something, come four in the morning when everything’s closed, trust me, honey, the Port Authority in Philly is next to
“See?” said Tony. “Three and a quarter private islands.”
Lang dug around in his phone. “Here’s Thanksgiving.”
And Tony was drunk, Tony was definitely drunk, but he wasn’t
“Drive,” Tony said shortly.
“Yeah and that woulda taken how long?” said Rhodey.
“I’d say low, kemo sabe,” said Tony. “Why, you thirsty?”
Barton’s mouth clicked shut, and Tony noticed Natasha stifling a giggle.
“No,” said Tony. “But it’d be nice to have the option.”
“Tell anyone, I’m lucky if I can remember my own name for more than ten minutes,” said the attendant, backing towards the station. “Oooh, that’s a disturbing new development, is ass sweat supposed to be cold? Don’t answer that.” He stepped back into the gas station and was gone.
“There will be snacks involved,” said Tony quickly, and Sam sucked his teeth, staring off into the greenery of the lush Pennsylvania forest, trying not to laugh or smile. After a second, he said, “You know, I’m not the only funny one in this conversation.”
Tony looked. The attendant was bringing out his tire replacement tools: wheel chalks, jack, tire iron, stuffed unicorn. The first three items he quickly placed in the appropriate spots. Then he lovingly set the stuffed unicorn down to watch the proceedings, giving it a gentle pat on the head.
“Come here, let me get a look at that scrape under the lamp,” said the nurse, dragging Bruce over to his desk and manhandling him into a chair. “Ooh, that’s nasty. We’re gonna have to get that stuff out with tweezers. It’s probably going to take a while, you should get back to class,” he called over his shoulder to Steve, who was feeling particularly useless in the doorway.
“You mean ‘Grizzly Man’? Werner Herzog?”
Brava.”
“Face it, you decided to get in the van the second I offered,” said Tony, walking backwards towards the open passenger door. “Guys! Rally! Let’s burn some rubber!” He looked directly at Sam for a fraction of a second, and Sam could swear he saw the whisper of a wink, before Tony turned and was climbing back into the driver’s seat, and Sam was shaking his head, running for the open door.
“And you’re giving me advice?” said Steve.
“Has it begun to sink in just how terrible of a plan this was?” Bruce asked.
Steve had just enough awareness as he fled to be dimly impressed with the ease of his escape: SHIELD, while it’d certainly housed plenty of trust-funded delinquents, didn’t offer much in the way of security for someone with a go-bag and a rappel rope stashed in the ceiling panel of the disused RA’s shower on the third floor. Steve removed the shower’s storm window slowly and carefully, using the tiny multi-tool in the third pocket of his bag and setting each bolt down quietly on the tile floor instead of letting them drop. Then he flung the end of the rappeling rope out the window and watched it flump heavily on the loading dock below. He waited to make sure the movement hadn’t attracted attention before hoisting himself and his duffel out of the window and sliding carefully down to the ground. He was four miles down the road towards the Greyhound stop before the faintest tinge of blue began to fill the sky; another three before a car passed him. It occurred to him that soon, Tony would turn the brilliant bent of his engineering mind to triangulating Steve’s location via the GPS in his phone—at the next bridge over the Lee River, he dug his phone out of his jeans pocket and flung it sideways into the quiet, slow-moving water below. He felt bad about that pretty immediately—the phone didn’t have anything on it he needed, but a pang went through him at the idea that the locator might lead Tony to think, however briefly, that Steve had jumped. Steve wasn’t
“You hear how she talks to me?” Tony muttered, but allowed her to pull his lower eyelid down, revealing a bright pink scratch.
that, don’t you? Being good at that?”
“Barton, you cool with that,
“Just so you can keep inventing stuff?” Steve asked, hoping that his voice didn’t sound so damn hopeful.
“That wasn’t very nice,” said Tony, and smoothed his tongue over the spot he’d nipped. “I think I’m gonna need to discipline you for that.” He tugged one end of the rope sharply, and Steve, who hadn’t even noticed the loops being slid over his wrists, felt his arms get pinned smoothly to the bedframe. “Say you’re sorry.”
“Am I that obvious?” said Steve, and at the widening smile on her face, sagged a bit. “Oh.”
“That’s me,” said Steve, waiting to be asked about the other part of his reputation, waiting to be asked how long he was in that coma for, what it was like, if he remembered anything—but that shoe didn’t drop. The other boy seemed perfectly content not to pry. Steve stopped and stuck out his hand. “Steve Rogers.”
“Three-quarters of one,” Tony said. “Apparently the other quarter belongs to Michael Bolton.”
“Because of course he is,” moaned Bruce Banner, who had been sitting on a pile of snow tires with his head in his hands for the last five minutes.
“I had three Monsters this morning!”
“OK.” Steve went and sat down on the third row, feeling as if he were about to be on display, not she. Natasha switched the music back on and returned to her position at the barre, reassembling herself like a robot fitting itself back into place. Her leg extended again, tracing half-circles on the floor—after a while, as the movement started to become less rote and more hypnotic, dreamy. She dipped into a plie and rose again, her arms loosening, mirroring the gesture of her leg—she was still at the barre, still performing the same six steps, but they were slowly melting into a dance, her body telling a story instead of reciting it. By the time she stepped away from the barre and floated, on point, to the center of the stage, Steve felt like he’d watched a butterfly fight its way out of a chrysalis, then perch on a waving stalk until wind blew it aloft. It wasn’t a warmup, it was a transformation; as he watched her stretch and move, extending her arms as if beseeching someone and just as quickly retracting them in fear, he felt as if he were in the presence of an entire life, expressed simply by movement. It went on, for an hour, two hours, impossible to say. He was so hypnotized he didn’t even notice that it was over until she’d turned off the stereo and picked up her towel, flipping it over her shoulder and coming to the middle of the stage to face him. In her eyes, a cool and steady question.
“He’s not wrong,” said Bruce mildly. “That guy’s brain is an island unto itself.”
“Yeah,” said Steve. “Not really on that track any more, though.” He switched off the light in the framing room. “Let’s go.”
Tony’s gaze snapped off to a spot on the wall beyond Fury’s left ear, a move calculated to infuriate.
“Is this the one we are looking for?” asked Thor. “He sleeps like all the others.”
“Not much,” Steve said, letting himself down into a chair with relief. “What happened to you this time?”
“Ehh,” said Bruce. When Steve looked at him incredulously, he shrugged. “What can I say, I’m on second and I can hear it.”
“I’ve been shot with a rubber bullet before,” said Sam evenly. “Hurt like the real thing.”
No one answered, and students looked around the classroom in confusion. No one ever ignored Mr. Coulson in his own classroom—and no one ever skipped Mr. Coulson’s class.
“Wait, we’re all gonna bust in just to look for a record? Seems kinda like a one-man job,” said Scott Lang, jaw working furiously around a wad of Juicy Fruit.
“Let me guess. No one ever told you New Haven wasn’t all white people,” said Sam.
“Yep.” He hopped off the ledge, stepping towards Steve and taking Steve’s hand in his, pressing Steve’s fingers to a point a few centimeters to the left of the jagged scar. “Right… here.” Under Steve’s fingers, Tony’s heartbeat thudded warmly. “It happened when I was fifteen and under the custodial care of my father’s business partner,” he said, almost conversationally. “My parents were divorcing and the courts decided both of them were too drunk to be parents, so…” He sniffed. “Anyway. That’s when my heart decided to start going haywire. Panic attacks, or at least they thought at first. I don’t remember too much except I blacked out on spring break and woke up in the cardiac unit of Dubai General.”
“Yeah? What’s it make black people do?” said Steve.
“Shh. You have. It’s my fault. My responsibility. I figured out what you were a while back and I haven’t been taking the time to discipline you and give you what you properly need. That’s on me.”
“Look at him,” said Sam, tactfully ignoring the fact that Steve had been doing little else for the last three minutes. “He’s got friends now. ‘Fore you showed up, he never left his room. Got mouthy once or twice a semester, sent to detention. Someone would always make a phone call, Tony’d be back in class the next day.”
“This is nice,” said Tony, apropos of nothing. “I mean. This. Uh, you and me. We’re good, right?”
“Bet I’m the only seventeen-year-old you know with a pacemaker,” he said.
“You want me to get in the van or not?”
was the one who got behind the wheel high as shit, but now that I’ve got you here, why
“Do you wanna have the runs in a fuckin’ bus?”
“Kid. Kid.”
“Uh, it’s uh, the shaft, and it, uh, connects the motor to the—”
Steve dropped his face into his hands. “Why did I ever think asking you guys for help would be a good idea?”
The whole group crowded around the window. A very old man was laying in the bed, hooked up to monitors and wires, his covers smooth and undisturbed. Even comatose, the man wore a frown that suggested he very much disapproved of what was happening to him.
Now they all sat in the large living room of the Avenger headquarters and looked at the screen. Nothing was heard except the newsreader. Rhodey groaned occasionally as if trying to hold back his emotions, and Clint had grabbed Natasha's arm to make sure they were allowed to be here.
In the middle of the room stood a huge wheel, which probably switched off the power to something important. "Got it," Steve murmured, running to the metal wheel. Here, too, some guards had been posted, but they were also dead on the ground. The diameter of the wheel was approximately six feet, but Steve managed to turn it. The beginning was the hardest. He tensed his muscles and just managed to get the wheel to move. After that it was easier.
So, this is the very last chapter of this story. I just brought in this giant metaphor. I hope it's understandable.
dead," he countered with a heavy undertone.
He had to admit that once one of his friends started to paint such pictures, he would take a closer look at them, too. "No chance that she had painted this subsequently?"
And Tony knew for a fact that he had found his personal Birgit Handerson.
"Stark, would you please explain why it has to be Boston?", Fury's voice boomed from loudspeakers on the plane. Tony grabbed a pole so as not to fall over at the start, but everyone else was still looking at him.
