Before he leaves though, Sam looks at him with a weird gooey mixture of concern, hopefulness, and pride. He asks, “So, if this works? If Cas comes when you call?"
Okay, first of all, Dean did not know Cas was the type to use pet names. Second of all, Dean’s blushing and feels like crying again now.
After a moment, Cas’s brain had resolved its Server Error, so he grabbed Dean by the waist and tugged him impossibly closer, and kissed him back with a fervor that would give Dean a run for his money.
After Cas died, Dean had done himself some good old-fashioned Thinking. Some Thinking that he now realized was long overdue, but hey, better late than never.
him those other times. Some important matters required his assistance or some Big Time Celestial Being had a penchant for him. But this time, God wasn’t there to resurrect him for his little story, and Heaven was in shambles, so neither of them would, or could, give half a shit. Even Jack, who was the new God, had pledged to be hands-off (and while Dean can kinda dig the whole nuance of that, there are just some matters that could genuinely benefit by cosmic inference,
When Cas felt the other man’s tears hit his own cheeks he gently pulled away, concern etched into his eyebrows. “Dean? What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”. In response, Dean let out a half-sob-half-laugh. “I don’t think I
“I love you, Dean. I’ve always loved you. From the moment I was ordered to raise you from perdition and I put your soul, mind and body back together from the ground up. I know you, Dean, I know every inch of your soul and every molecule of your being because I touched them, in their raw state, and I love every single one of those parts of you.”
Cas’s eyes were growing wet now as they bore into Dean’s. He hadn’t realized how much stress he must’ve been putting on Dean by hitting him with those words at such a time. He was absentmindedly stroking Dean’s back comfortingly, waiting for him to continue, still silent as he promised to be.
These recent few days had been the first time in years Dean felt somewhat at ease, at least in terms of the fate of the universe. He’d killed Chuck (or at least the part of him that made him God, he was just a squirrely little human now), he’d gotten himself a dog (Miracle, what a sweetheart), he’d even allowed himself to let his guard down just a bit because the world was alright, and his own kid was God now, after all, so he could take pride and have confidence in those things. Dean could take a breath now.
even though deep down Dean knew his brother had likely already gathered the answer to that. And honestly okay,
The kiss wasn’t filthy, but it was certainly desperate. Not the desperation of knowing they don’t have much time, nor the desperation of wanting to tear each others’ clothes off, but the desperation of knowing they’ve waited so,
Shortly after Dean arrives in Heaven, he shares a drink with Bobby. He finds out Cas is around here somewhere, and dammit, that makes him feel something again. He feels a warmth in his chest (even though he doesn’t technically have a chest anymore in the literal corporeal sense), he’s overcome by a sense of relief, an overpowering reassurance, and… something else. He feels hope. Maybe he’ll be able to find Cas. Maybe he’ll be able to- maybe he’ll be able to tell him.
But before he had a chance to even begin asking, Dean mumbled “Shut up.” into his lips and carried on. So Cas figured, okay, don’t mind if I do.
He Thought about his feelings much more than he’d have liked to, thank you very much. His feelings told him:
They talked for hours. Or what Dean could only assume were hours, you know, with Heavenly time and all that. Sam told him the entire other half of his life’s story, the half Dean missed, and they also talked about life back when they were, well, both alive. Good times, bad times, you know they’ve had their share. Inevitably, they came to the topic of Cas, and also how he was apparently somewhere up here. Dean was both itching to talk about the angel and vehemently hoping to avoid that conversation altogether, because it was bound to bring up certain Thoughts and Feelings and perhaps certain Dying Love Confessions. The sort of conversation he didn’t want to have with his little brother.
Of course, loss is loss, and everyone goes through it at some point in their life. However, something Dean can confidently say most people who’ve experienced loss in their lives hasn’t gone through is having to live through one person dying more than once. Dean has grieved Cas so many times it practically feels routine, and yet it never gets easier. He would never get used to Cas being ripped away from him if it happened a thousand times over. Every single time the sorrow feels fresh and new, hitting him in all the parts of himself he tries so desperately to ignore.
“Dean…” Cas’s voice breaks through his own crying. “Thank you, so much for telling me all this.” Cas brings his left hand up to Dean’s face, cupping his cheek and wiping another stray teardrop. “I forgive you Dean, for all of it, I will
It’d be fair to cut Dean some slack here in the knowledge that he’s not very good at describing his feelings. It
Dean bit his lip absentmindedly in thought. “Huh,” he said. “Okay. Well, why didn’t you come find me as soon as you were out?”
take a thesaurus to do it well. He’s just never been great at that sort of thing, and it’s not exactly like he was raised in an environment that was on the up-and-up about men (or boys) sharing their thoughts and feelings.
Of course, Dean always knew he would die on the job. Hell, he’d known from the first time he’d ever shot a real gun that this would be the way he went out, but still, something seemed so awfully untimely about it. He’d just saved the world (for like what, the third time?) you’d think he’d get more than a few days to bask in that glory.
. He’s looking at Dean with the same big sympathetic eyes he kept getting from Sam and then from Bobby, and it just didn’t feel right. Dean doesn’t deserve those eyes. “No, Cas, listen to me, okay? Just shut up-” Dean screwed his eyes shut hard, let out a shaky breath, opened them, and pointed a finger right at Cas’s stupid beautiful face.
much less his sexuality. But at a time like this, he couldn’t help but wonder if Sam already knew, and was just too damn considerate to ever bring it up. Goddamn his brother and his goddamn fucking compassion.
. Not men like him though, no. Not him. He could never. He wasn’t one of those men. He wasn’t one of those men because feeling that way about Cas would make him one of those men, and he
feel, I don’t feel like I’m all those things. And I just couldn’t take it.”. Cas looks like he’s holding back from telling Dean those sentiments all over again, just to prove a point and send the message deeper because Cas knew they were true. They were the truest words ever spoken.
Cas grabs Dean’s waist again and presses their foreheads together, breathing each others’ air and words and cries. They share a breath now, their hearts beat in unison. They look into each others’ eyes, and they’re together as one.
Cas was Dean’s best friend. That statement had been true for somewhere around twelve years now. If it weren’t for Castiel he would still be somewhere in the pits of Hell rotting away, being tortured, or more likely, torturing. Cas not only saved his life, but he saved his soul and entire being. He picked up Dean’s pieces and put Humpty Dumpty back together again. Cas was Dean’s best friend, and whether he was more than that didn’t change one certain fact: grief was a
Cas told Dean he loved him, he doesn’t ask if it was meant as brotherly, because he doesn’t need to. Somehow, he knows, and Dean knows he knows.
Despite his doubts, he figures it’s worth a shot and gets to praying. Sam leaves him alone in his new Heaven house and goes to check out his own, giving him privacy “
Dean looks down at his lap. He doesn’t want to look at Sam, and whether it’s because of the stare of Sammy’s eyes or the tears he feels welling up in his own isn’t important. His throat thickens and feels awkward, which is dumb in Dean’s opinion, because throats shouldn’t get thick or awkward in Heaven.
They'd both lied to him that night, but Sam knew. He'd known a while ago. It only took one hunt with Dean and Lee to see that there was something else going on. The way they looked at each other, private glances, coveted moments of contact that were entirely unnecessary. So Sam wondered for a while, but Dean never mentioned anything, and he'd almost decided to let the theory go, almost dismissed the idea. He must have just misread the situation. A simple misunderstanding, that's all.
out the phrase ‘fake it till you make it.’ He would answer the idiot-box’s siren call, and whisper this phrase to himself over and over.
Dean has another surgery scheduled to get his stitches removed. How they’re going to scrape together the money for that, Dean has no idea.
Cas walked hurriedly away from the sandbox-portal, knowing that despite her offering of peace, Hannah's instincts revolved around justice, and her first decree of business would undoubtedly be the immediate apprehension of the Rogue Seraph, Castiel.
They slid into the impala, doors slammed simultaneously. Sam realized Dean was sitting awfully still, as if hesitant to leave. He rolled his eyes. "Dude. Jack is going to be FINE. Can we get moving already?"
Dean smiled a bit, remembering when he'd tried that line on Cas. The night before they'd trapped and faced Raphael. Their supposed 'last night on earth.'
"I sensed your approach towards my door, but you did not come in. You… tapped your fist repeatedly, instead, and I—never mind. It is of little importance."
Dean bit his lip, as if holding back a barrage of cuss words. Sam made a silent prayer that Dean didn't try to destroy the motel room. The poor owner had had enough for today.
Whispers echo in Cas’s ear, taunting him to realize his regrets, to think about what these notes mean. That Dean was in love all along, just as much as he had been, and how many years they could have had, if only—but he tries not to listen. This moment, intimate and quiet… he feels suddenly so desperately in love, and it is all at once everything and not enough.
Dean." She slid the laptop back over to her side, and began rapidly typing up a new item on the list. "fictional or real: Dean would rather take a bullet in his shoulder than talk about his emotions. That's why your plan backfired so horribly."
“Dude,” Dean groans, and goes to pour them both fresh mugs of coffee. “Okay we have to watch the Princess Bride. Along with a million other movies. We need a marathon.”
. Horsemen were strong, no doubt. But Sam suspected something else entirely had been going on. And this chapter held the answers.
"But you know that is not true, don't you, Castiel? You know that Heaven's orders, that our eons-old commitments, assigned to us by archangels nearly as old as God himself… these jobs are what truly matter. We must keep Heaven's traditions, follow our ingrained instincts to do the right thing, to make the moral choices, even if it is difficult. Even, perhaps, if it seems wrong."
(—Nice timing Cas——can I tell you something if you promise not to tell another soul?——we're making it up as we go——I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition——I'll watch over you——I was getting too close to the humans in my charge——just so you understand… why I can't help——well last night on earth, what are your plans—)
"Scout's Honor." Charlie held up a hand, giving Sam a look of mock-seriousness, and Sam explained how he'd asked Rowena for a very specific sigil-incantation that could trap both a human and an angel, how Dean and Cas had walked right into it, how he'd tried asking them point-blank, and then how Cas had stopped the entire thing because he was called away to heaven.
"You never stop to think things through, do you," Dean spits out. "Never have, never will, I guess."
She squints suspiciously, then puts her hands on her hips, raising one sharp eyebrow. “Do I have to use my mom-voice, Sam Winchester?”
Cas only frowned, flicking his gaze to Dean's finger, obviously confused. Dean groaned, grabbing Cas's limp hand and hooking the angel's pinky around his own. "K, see
Dean whispers, and Cas's fingers curl onto Dean's chest, and now all that's left to do is catch Castiel's face in his hands and kiss him, and so Dean does.
"So how's Eileen?" Dean asks, leaning casually against the table with Cas pressed into his side. He tries to keep the goofy grin off his face, and fails miserably. For once, Sam doesn't make a teasing remark, which Dean supposes is due to the appearance of a certain name.
"Yes, well, as I was saying, life is too short. I will admit I once felt very angry by the things you did, but I never stayed angry for long. Not even about Rexford."
Cas heaves a defeated sigh of exhaustion, and Dean glances at the portal. So close. “Cas we gotta get going, we need to go now—”
Sam groaned. The Supernatural books had ended with Dean going to Hell. Castiel the angel hadn't even been
They are downtown. Cas has to admit it is a very beautiful city; the capitol building a spectacular work of architecture.
And he'd lain there in bed for a while, Cas's arm hooked over his side, and wondered how two words could be so similar and yet so very, very different.
Dean can make out the typewriter words, a few smudges of chili mango juice on one corner of the parchment. “Did you… read it?”
Dean's mouth opened slightly in surprise, and he stuttered from lack of a snarky response. "Yeah, well,
Dean thinks giddily. And yet, husband does not seem to eradicate the other titles. Rather, it encompasses them, combines them.
But Cas knows, if Dean’s fear is any evidence, that the only conceivable way he could ever feel true happiness… is if he tells Dean everything, even with nothing in return, just
Dean glanced over at the angel behind him, still standing in the doorway. His blue eyes, almost black in the low light, were squinting around grimly, as if analyzing each and every stranger within the tavern's premises. Looking around for the nearest pool table, Dean clapped the angel on the shoulder jovially, and pushed him towards the right corner of the room, where a green-felted game table awaited unused. "Here we go, buddy. All for us."
Wetting his lips, Dean risked a glance at the angel. "Yeah. Well. Dad was right about one thing. I made a mistake, it was so stupid and we were drunk, I think, and it probably wasn't real anyway, we were both just such lonely kids and—"
Red, the fading color of his heart falling to his knees, the stains on the door, the spots in his vision, the heat of battles, the color that threatens, that whispers to
The feelings surged in waves of aching spasms, and Sam sat back in his chair and closed his laptop shut with a snap.
“A while ago, uh, you gave me a mixtape of your favorite Led Zeppelin songs. I’ve kept it with me, always. But I’d like to return the favor. So, with Sam’s help, I made you one. I-I hope you like it.”
Dean looks down at the two rings in his palm. One, silver with glimmering blue enochian glyphs: a true gift, holding a reminder of everything Cas had given up
But Dean didn't get another word of complaint out before Cas grabbed him in a tight hug, arms encircling over Dean's shoulders. Jimmy's vessel was slightly shorter, but Cas had never minded needing to stand on the tips of his feet. He never minded doing anything, not so long as he could have everything.
And Castiel, knew then. It didn't matter if he spent his whole life loving Dean Winchester without a hint of reciprocation. For Castiel, there was no one else to love.
Dean stands up quickly from his chair. Too quickly. Cas flinches upward in his own seat, eyes wide and worried. "
Cas met his eyes with a fond glow of warmth, and it was a few moments before Dean realized they were standing in a crowded bar with a pool table between them, staring into each other's eyes. It was a strange feeling, as always, almost….
“-then why didn’t you show me, Cas,” Dean whispers, his eyes squeezed shut against the pain, and Cas can see a single tear slide down the side of freckled cheeks, falling onto Cas’s black slacks.
Cas doesn't answer. He seems to be frowning at the floor, and Dean recognizes the contemplative look. He sighs. "Dude what have I said about saving deep contemplation until
The tactic was recommended by Charlie, when she'd discovered his flashback tendencies. Of course, Dean hadn't used the word 'flashbacks.' It sounded too much like something a therapist or a doctor would say.
Tucking the receipt inside his coat pocket, right next to the mixtape, Cas walked down the alleyway and disappeared, a soft smile still hanging on his lips.
Blue Eyes obviously senses Dean's discomfort, and stammers on defensively. "It's easy, with the keyring and I don't have the right supplies at home. I- I'm an artist, and I just— this is only place I can get the right stuff. So I've seen you, okay?"
Neither of them have ever gotten a chance like this: to truly and honestly contemplate the idea of allowing themselves happiness, peace. Taking time to consider the
But Dean didn't wait to hear the rest of the question. He stormed towards the door, grabbing up the keys from the table, knowing Cas would follow suit.
Perhaps if he had never tried it, he'd still be wishing for it. Still be waiting, wanting, yearning for it.
Dean had never been one for words, but Cas didn't need words to know the hunter's emotions, for his truest stories were never the ones spoken by ink or tongue, but the ones Cas read in his eyes.
"Sam wanted to stay at the motel, and Lee and I went to see a special screening of 'Back to the Future.' First time I'd ever seen it. It was pretty awesome. I think you'd like it, actually." He glanced a look at Cas. So far, so good.
Dean grips the blue tie tighter in his fist, and Cas heaves forward, pressing his lips against Dean’s cooling hand, the hot tears finally flooding from his throat, from his chest, from his eyes. They fall one by one, melding invisibly with the dark pool of blood collecting on Dean’s stomach.
Dean coughs and tries to look appropriately puzzled. “So… what?” Sam gives another look of smug amusement, eyebrow raised.
Forgetting all about nature’s call, Cas bends down to pick the pages up. They’re at least several years old, some older than others, but all of them are creased and worn in a way that suggests constant revisits and readings, and one of the notes has been crumpled to such a degree Cas wonders if it had been rescued from the garbage and re-flattened.
Sam choked out loudly, hoping she could take a hint and save the call for later. Later, when Dean wasn't around.
Somehow, Dean slept. He fell quickly and dreamlessly, and with each missed heartbeat, each shortened breath, came emptiness from within, cascading through his body in dreamless, invasive unconsciousness.
Cas takes a few hurried steps away, not looking back, not even hearing the rest of Dean’s sentence. He flies off, not caring if anyone saw him disappear into thin air.
How the ground had been slippery with puddles, and Dean put all his focus into each step because he knew if he stopped, he’d fall to his knees, and Cas would fall with him, into the earthy mud, and he knew neither of them would ever get up again.
went through…. They got the happy ending they deserved. For good, I mean. That- that their ride into the sunset wasn’t the last happy moment before everything went wrong again. Before one of them dies, or gets injured beyond repair, or…. I just want to know- that their rightfully stolen happy ending… isn’t stolen back from them.”
, CAS!” The door is slammed shut again in Cas’s face, but not before he can get a glimpse of what he almost missed.
Thank you for your incredibly thoughtful comments, and motivation, and inspiration, and for giving us smiles, laughter, and sometimes tears. (in my case aha)
Beautiful because it’s all he’s ever wanted to see. Beautiful because it was once considered rare, but now it holds a promise to become more frequent. Beautiful because finally, Dean knows this is a smile he can look back on with happiness. It isn’t a deathbed moment, and it isn’t a lie, and it isn’t a cover up for some hidden pain: it’s real. Real happiness.
"I don't know—Hey! Rowena. Uh—what's up?" Sam tried to sound casual, hoping Dean and Cas couldn't hear the voice on the other end. He turned the volume down as low as possible.
Anger, tense and hot, surged through Cas's throat, and he instinctively reached out to grip the man's left shoulder. Dean looked up, startled from the sudden movement.
Cas wet his bottom lip, practically laser-beaming his target point, and then hit the white ball with a sharp
Cas and Dean ignored him, they were still glaring into the other's eyes as if having an intense argument that Sam couldn't hear. Their heads were ridiculously close.
If anything, the memory made his ache worse, but it felt distant. Using time as a remedy was like putting a band-aid on a bullet hole. It didn't really work for anything except to cover up evidence of the damage, at least for a little while, until the memories seeped through again and a new band-aid had to be applied. And then another. Another band-aid. Another year. Until the only thing left to remind you of that bullet hole's existence is the rotting layer of bandages that you can't help but scratch every once in a while. And then you remember why they're there in the first place, and you scratch until it hurts, and you apply another layer, and you try to forget. Until the next inevitable itch.
In these lists, these memories: Castiel would find himself longing for change, for a future with the man he loved. The only thing keeping him from constant panic was the knowledge that Dean would never love him back.
"Oh." Cas visibly relaxed. "Nothing—The clothes are nice. Thank you Dean. I—I think I understand now, the appeal in wearing apparel specifically designed to promote comfort. I didn't think the difference would affect me, but… it's nice."
Dean coughed awkwardly, and dug through his pockets in search of their door key, but more in search of something to keep his hands occupied. "You know, man, the uh—the thing with Sam. And the," he scratched his head, "the sigil. And the bath towel."
! He’s mine!” The dark silhouette raises what looks like an archangel blade, but it’s a black with a silver handle, and presses it against Cas’s throat. “Come any closer, and you’ll never see your precious Cassie again!”
The words wouldn't stop repeating themselves in his head, again and again they circled, and still, Dean couldn't grasp their meaning. Their
He had draped himself in the flag of heaven far too often. He knew who he would ultimately choose, because when it came down to it, when the world was ending, and all in creation was doomed: his instinct had lead him back to Dean Winchester each and every time.
Leave your thoughts below, but I warn you: I will not be giving away spoilers ;) I can only promise a happy ending
"I just think, Sam got confused. Big moose probably just misinterpreted things," Dean tried humorlessly.
Castiel would be lying if he said he wasn't at least a little bit satisfied with this information. But the feeling only lasted a moment, as he realized that once again, Dean's life had been disrupted, and once again, it had been Cas's fault entirely.
He had to do something before the two of them got in another fight. But who the hell could give him relationship advice about a situation like this?
"Yeah." Dean dropped a ball into the nearest corner pocket. "When you succeed in hitting a ball into a pocket."
Dean scratched his head, feeling awkward in the silence, because he knew Cas was waiting, but there was something else he wanted to say before they started the movie. "-And, y'know, I was thinking…"
Dean grips their hands together once more, and Cas shakes uncontrollably, the tears streaming forth of their own free will, and he lets them come because who knows how long it will be until he can cry again, it may be so long from now. It may be never.
Dean finally grins, a full smile that makes Cas’s chest tighten uncomfortably. “That’s right. And then Michael— that son of a bitch is gonna pay.”
"Honeybees wouldn't hurt you Dean," Cas said, frowning. "Not unless you hurt them, and then I suppose you would deserve it."
“Yeah, Inigo. Y’know— every time I watch this movie, I wonder how the hell he didn’t die. Stabbed in the gut once,
Sam had almost thought of asking to go with Dean, but something about the hard glint in John's eyes had stopped him. This was meant for Dean only, and the thought scared Sam. He could still remember how bloody and broken his brother had looked on that night only months ago, and how cold his father had been… as if he hadn't cared. As if beating his son within an inch of his life hadn't bothered him one bit.
—issues extended far past John's close-minded opinions. Sometimes, he had to stop himself from reading a full section of Dean's thoughts, because delving into that level of pain…
"No way." Dean unfolds himself from Cas's body and searches Cas's face for any sign of a joke. "All of them? Seriously? Dude, that's like—"
Taylor came back with his credit card and an all-too-flirtatious smile. "So? How about it?" The dark eye-liner just under each eye made their ocean-gray color rather hard to ignore.
And he had stopped it. Whatever was happening, Dean obviously hadn't been okay with it, with any of it, and Cas didn't blame him. An angel, a
feel guilty.” Cas’s voice is firm, and Dean swallows back an apology. Even without his mojo, Cas still knows what he’s thinking.
But maybe it wasn't important. If Cas didn't feel the same, there was no point in pursuing the matter any longer. And considering the angel's reaction to Sam's 'matchmaking attempt,' he felt safe in assuming that his best friend considered their relationship to be… just that.
Cas squinted suspiciously at the fork in front of his face, and Dean chuckled. "It won't bite, buddy."
The lamp appeared in front of Dean on the bedside table, completely whole. Not a single piece of glass was left on the wood floor.
Dean Winchester had never been good with words, but that's what music was for. It meant more to Dean than most other things. Hell, he'd never even given
the color of Dean’s cheeks as his mouth speaks words of desperate desire, the color of all and everything that is felt when fire meets fire and control is withheld.
Cas's face, calm and cold, and that was the worst by far because even though it had been Lucifer who'd stabbed him, it was Dean who had to carry the still-warm body. Dean who had to place his best friend, limp and unmoving, on that table, and it had been Dean who sat there, by a dead angel's side for hours, staring into the face of perfect calm, and realizing it was the most peaceful Cas had looked in a long time.
Dean finished most of the meatloaf on his own, before Cas brought a fourth container out of the bag. "OH yes," Dean grinned. "Man I'd almost forgotten." He dug a fork eagerly into the pie, and almost groaned with relief at the familiar sweet cherry flavor. Cas smiled, amused at Dean's obvious euphoria.
When he finally spoke, his graveled voice was neutral, but Dean could sense a deep anger behind it. "I would ask you how your father reacted, but I think I already know the answer."
“Dean, I know what you’re thinking. And this is just as important to me as it is to you.” Cas’s blue eyes shine in the low light, his voice soft.
that Cas was here, and even with constant fighting, and insignificant vampire hunts and cheap motel rooms and lousy food and long car drives…. Cas had chosen
Sam frowned, wondering if God could get drunk. Must've been, because nobody sober could come up with a title like that. He pressed Control-F once again, searching up Castiel, and scrolling past the sections with Uriel, until he came upon a paragraph relaying a conversation between Cas and Dean.
Dean grips the trenchcoat to his face, breathing in the familiar scent, the feel of the silky material. His hands shake, and he stifles a sob, drawing his knees in closer to his body.
Cas knew his senses were overly susceptible, that the shampoo certainly wasn't that pungent to any human nose, and that unless he washed his trenchcoat, the scent would likely linger with him for quite a lot longer than was considered natural.
Dean gave a quick glare back at the angel, who was watching the hunter with no less intensity than before.
The non-existent lie there, still as the ground they have fallen upon, and suddenly you realize they aren’t there anymore, even though they’re right in front of you.
"But I'll have to get to know you, so I can be sure your actions are necessary and your intentions pure."
“Sorry, baby.” Faux-Meg puts on a mocking voice, like that of a child. “I didn’t mean to hurt wittle Castiel’s feewings!”
It was more the fact that Cas had done it solely to please Dean. Trying on the boots would not save the world. It would not solve a case, or rescue a victim. It was nothing but an embarrassing joke, and yet, Dean had asked. And Cas had done it.
It was strange, but undeniable, that over the years on Earth, Cas had become accustomed to humans' enhanced designs built specifically for comfort and relaxation. The impala, particularly, had some of the best cushioning he had ever experienced. He knew why Dean was so fond of the vehicle. He also knew that it wasn't simply due to the exceptional seating, or sleek appearance.
He learned that Cas liked to fiddle absently with the cloth of his sweatpants, that his back would tense and straighten when the movie reached a climactic point.
“Well- yeah,” Dean stammers, “I mean- if we’re doing this—” he grabs a plate and flips a few pancakes onto it. “—we won’t have much time for full-time hunting. And besides. We deserve it.
“Still though. Dude jumped out a window— and rode off into the sunset like he hadn’t just been gutted through the main organs. I definitely wouldn’t have been able to do that.”
"Oh you gotta be kidding me." Dean gave him a look and laughed. "Man, I guess you're the ghostbuster today, Sammy.
Cas's head snapped up so fast Dean thought his vessel's neck would've cracked a bone, if Cas was human. "About what?"
"Yeah, actually that sounds great Charlie—" Sam felt a vibration in his pocket, and pulled out his phone to find Dean's name glowing on the screen.
AND OF COURSE: PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT BELOW, EVEN IF IT'S JUST JIBBERISH; THAT SHIT MAKES MY DAY, YA'LL.
Sam flipped open his phone. He had to get this done before Cas and Dean got suspicious, which meant he was going to need help. Luckily, he knew just the person to call.
Someone had to save Dean Winchester, and if no one else would do it, Castiel was more than ready to accept the honor.
Cas waits outside for Dean, swinging his arms at his sides. But he can’t get the image of the toned hunter out of his head.
His jade eyes flicker over Cas’s face, his chest filling with a lightness, a bursting emotion that he can’t quite label, but never wants to stop feeling.
Cas smiles gently, pushing Dean’s wheelchair. “Yes, thank you, Liv, I really appreciate it. See you in a few weeks.”
"—you don't have to put that mixtape in your pocket, you could just leave it in the car, if you wanted, I mean."
Dean gently grabbed the trenchcoated elbow before he had time to realize how closely they were standing: his laced cargo boots enclosing one of Cas's polished dress shoes, his own thigh pressed into the back of the angel's leg. A rush of nervous excitement pounded through his body, and he realized Cas wasn't resisting the touch.
And as Cas dips him down into the mattress, their mingled sounds slowly working to unfold the last secret between them, Dean remembers when he thought red was a bad color.
It was him and Sam, the two of them leaning against the side of the Impala, obviously ignorant to the fact that Cas had been taking a photo.
But as Dean stands before the minister, in a dusty church with stained glass windows and rough wooden pillars, and a musty scent in the air, he can’t stop smiling: because this is
Charlie had found a website that allowed fans to read all the books for a very small price. Apparently, the
Dean closes his eyes. Tries to block it out. Tries to breathe. Tries not to wish for impossible things, but the wishes come anyway, helpless, hopeless—
"My only redemption is that I did not kill the real you when the time came. You were different than all the rest. Somehow, Naomi could not recreate you in the way I know you."
“How do I know you’re in love with Mr. Winchester?” The Empty’s curls bounce as it leans down towards Cas’s huddled form.
So after that… he'd been locked up in the bathroom. Which hadn't worked, because two idiot demons came sticking their noses where they shouldn't have, and then he'd drunk their blood, and then headed out to find Dean and Cas, who were supposed to be killing Famine.
“In fact, the opposite,” Dean grins, grabbing Cas by the hand and hauling him towards the rental shop, Cas stumbling to keep up. “The vamps can wait, we
"Jack? Hey, kid, how's it going? It's only been six hours, have you burned down the bunker already?"
"Hey. No embarrassment over singing Zeppelin. I do it all the time." Dean grins, and pulls Cas up from the chair, folding one hand into his, and sliding the other around his angel's waist. Cas seems taken aback by the gesture, but doesn't resist. He laughs a quiet huff of breath into Dean's shoulder.
Sacrificing their saved lives to save the life of the sacrificer. Around and around and around. And yet… Castiel knew he would do it a dozen times over, even if it was just to save one human.
Cas is sitting in an armchair right beside his bed. His face is gaunt, and he has a bandage on his neck, but he looks happy. He’s holding Dean’s hand.
The empty gestures at the portal, its black shadowed limbs reflecting the golden glow. “This—all of this. All mine. My little
“Do you remember when I said angels choose one mate for a lifetime? And that mate is referred to as a bondmate?” Cas smiles softly. “I would like you to be my bondmate, Dean. If you are willing.”
If Cas didn't know better, he would have said Dean looked terribly sad just then, as if his thank you had brought up memories he'd rather regret than face head-on.
But it is also the color of Cas’s flushed and swollen lips, as he pulls away for air, blue eyes turned upwards.
How 'bout some more angst. Heh. Hopefully some fluff in the next chapter. Movie night with Dean and Cas, so the probability of fluff is VERY high :)
“Cas! I’ve missed you so much!” Jack buries his face in his dad’s neck. “Atlas, this is one of my dads, Castiel. My other one, Dean, is over there.”
The idea of seeing Cas again (and so soon) gave Dean more happiness than he cared to admit. Screw it, the dorky little dude made him laugh, and he was after all, his best—
Dean felt an odd moment of Déjà vu, remembering the first time Cas had asked him that. They'd barely known each other, then, but Cas had been perfectly ready to spill his deepest secret to some 'hairless ape.' It was the first time Dean had ever seen Cas smile. The first time they'd sat in peaceful silence together, and although they had been on separate park benches, Dean remembered feeling as if Cas was right there next to him, as if he already knew him. As if they were both just familiar souls, traipsing through a broken world, searching for something
Castiel felt Dean's agony, and like a magnet being pulled towards a single source, Cas walked out of the room, and rapped heavily on the Impala's windowpane.
And if his assumed gist was correct, he had to get out of here fast, because dammit, he was not ready to have this conversation. Not like this.
It hurt to see it, but the static silence of the room after John had pulled out of the parking lot and left with Dean; the nothingness, the
After a little lull in conversation, Cas offers a plate of homemade croissants, which everyone takes to immediately, especially Dean and Jack.
“So yes. Of course. Always and continually yes. Your proposal was rather awful—” Dean breathes out a quiet laugh, “but- just to be with you, I'd agree to anything. I wasn’t lying when I said you were my everything.”
Cas’s blue eyes are widened to full capacity, and the silence stretches on, the adrenaline taking hold, and Dean can feel his own hands shaking, and it’s stupid, it’s
Dean had gone shooting around noon, just target practice, and then cooked up a pot of cheap macaroni. Lunch had been quiet. Their father was there, after all.
“And,” Dean points at Jack. “We know where Michael is.” He leans back in his chair, directing his attention to Cas and looking almost suspicious. “Not quite sure how you pulled that one off.”
"It's making fun of each other and getting in fights that- that I'll never forgive myself for, no matter what you say, because I
Cas raised an eyebrow, leaning forward a bit. "Well…" he fired off the white ball, striking it dead center on his targeted solid ball, sending it spinning directly into the desired pocket.
Cas stood up and for a moment they simply stared, dean slightly open-mouthed. Sam mumbled behind him about 'hurrying his ass through the damn door already,' and Dean looked down, walking inside.
His vision flickers, and he falls to his knees, just barely missing Cas’s body, his own blood flowing, dark and thick, around the cold metal in his stomach, and he has a sudden, strange feeling of guilt for ruining Cas’s trench coat.
Dean stopped his digging. "Seriously? Your first kiss? No way. What about that stripper? Y'know, what was her—"
Cas took out the mix-tape, and gently tucked it within the folds of his trenchcoat. Such a small action, but Dean's consciousness broke the surface as he watched, the seconds slowed, and he realized he was staring at Cas.
Dammit. The feathery dude always could see through his walls, but it didn't hurt to try. It was almost like putting on a show. Acting out a part. The part of an optimistic, cheerful guy who could afford to enjoy a good meal without worrying about life and death. The kind of guy who slept at night, instead of lying awake, brain screaming ceaselessly about the deaths of everyone he'd ever loved. The kind of guy who didn’t have a drinking problem because he didn't need the alcohol to numb away every day of his whole damn life.
feel embarrassed but the feeling leaks in like an unwelcome heat, a coiled spring in his chest tightens.
“Yes, sweetheart, we are, we still have to wait for Sam, he’s coming with a van for your wheelchair.” Cas’s voice is soothing above him.
When Dean finishes reading, Cas has moved from his position on the floor, and now stands only inches away, one hand outstretched.
Eventually, the kisses turn softer, gentle and careful, and Dean's mind softens with them, falling into ease. His fingers tangle themselves in the soft locks at the nape of Cas's neck, and as he combs each strand into place, he feels his own thoughts smoothing out too, his own tension, and worries, suddenly all seem so
And now—with one simple spell and a can of blue spray-paint, Sam had unknowingly put Cas’s entire existence back on the edge of the knife.
Dean looked at him as if he were an idiot. "Dude, did you hit your head or something? We literally just did that. Like a few hours ago. The locals had squat."
"You... you... were supposed to be a myth." he stuttered, gripping tightly onto Dean's hand. Dean could tell something was off.
"I thought my montage was performed decently well since I had no idea what the term meant before 20 minutes ago..."
After a deep inhale, Dean replied. "Look, at the end of the day, we can't change what happened. I saw signs of Jack being dangerous, but I guess... I guess I also subconsciously decided to ignore it or put it on standby. I should have talked to you, and you should have talked to me. You got to know by now that we are a team man."
"The mark of Cain did strange things to me, man. It linked me to her somehow. The thing didn't really come with a warning label, you know?" Dean said, attempting to ease the tension that was now filling the surrounding air.
"Boys-" Chamuel interjected. "As much as I love seeing you bicker back and forth, I think we need to move this process along."
"So... this time around, could you at least tell me what the rules and procedures are for the game 7 minutes in heaven are? I understand that it entails kissing the other player, but there must be a bit more to it than that."
"I believe the phrase I just used was the equivalent to the typical polite way that humans communicate those types of requests."
"I don't hate you, Cas... I" Dean finally stated into the comfortable silence that had fallen around them.
Castiel repositioned himself so that he was once again propped up on his elbows as he continued moving back and forth.
Dean couldn't help but inch his own body closer to Cas and position one of Castiel's thighs between his own legs so he could give himself some necessary friction.
"Don't you dare apologize... what you just did was amazing and felt even more amazing. I just want your wedding night to be special."
"What, Dean?" Castiel grumbled while folding his arms. His tone sounded angry, but his eyes seemed sad.
The once small white light became brighter and brighter. Dean wondered if maybe he was dead, and this was some 'light at the end of the tunnel' bullshit. However, that theory was dismissed quickly. Dean Winchester had died so many damn times that he knew what death felt like, and this was not that.
In Dean's defense, he had completely forgotten about stabbing Castiel. It wasn't like it caused him any damage anyway, so why remember it?
Dean smiled and took a large step closer before grabbing Castiel's hand and cutting him off. "What I think you are trying to tell me here, Cas, now correct me if I am wrong, but it sounds you are saying you want to be 'intimate' with me? The real me."
There was no peephole in the hotel door, so Dean had no idea who would be so annoying as to wake them up and continue knocking so insistently until Dean opened the door.
Garth went in first. He was by far the least threatening of the group despite him being a werewolf and all. Therefore Garth was the best choice to be on the front line.
Theo looked a bit guilty for the first time during this entire conversation. "I couldn't go against my Father Dean."
The second usage of sarcasm was one of a humorous type. Sarcasm and jokes seem to go hand in hand during the 21st century. Dean and Sam also used this method when conversing with one another. However, they would typically not use it when talking to strangers. There seemed to be an element of trust in using sarcasm as a joke with another person. Maybe that was why Cas enjoyed it when Dean used sarcasm towards him in any lighthearted context.
Castiel reached out and picked up the first card. "Alright, this one asks, how many people have you kissed?'"
"It's better that I just show you..." Rachel said while pulling a remote out of her back pocket. She moved her fingers over it to click a button at the top of the remote. A projector screen scrolled down from the ceiling, and after a few more clicks, the room became mostly dark.  A few moments later, a projector turned on, and the screen showed a side-by-side comparison view. One side showed a video of Dean sitting in the cubicle, and the alternate side showed what he was viewing on the computer screen.
Sam automatically assumed that Dean and Cas must've been fast asleep after engaging in a long night of strenuous
Castiel did his best to blend in and not reveal his secret, but he slipped up every so often when trying to converse with the other men. However, all his slip-ups were thought to be humorous and caused the other men to laugh and even slap him on the back every so often.
"You mean we have to go to heaven together for 7 minutes. That shouldn't be that hard, Dean!" Castiel replied, his eyes filled with optimism, but oh how wrong and oblivious he was.
The second that the bolt in the door clicked open, Deanna rushed into the room before smiling at the two men being rendered helpless by her sister.
"It's not that I didn't want to utilize it, Dean; I just didn't see a moment that seemed fit for it." Castiel said.
Nonetheless, after one month had passed, Dean began to get a little stir crazy. He couldn't take just sitting around and waiting for his angel to return to him. He needed to get back out there. He needed to occupy himself to make the remaining time go by faster.
As time went on, more and more guests arrived. Dean felt like he had actually died and gone to heaven with the number of reunions he had had tonight. It was a beautiful sight, seeing all the people he loves gathered together in one room just for him and Cas. Even if he wasn't who they thought he was.
Once the memory froze, Cas spoke up. "I enjoy this memory because... because..." He started to say but couldn't seem to formulate the correct words.
Castiel didn't answer. Instead, he moved from propping himself up on his elbows to his hands, putting even more space between their two bodies while simultaneously pushing their flush closer together.
"... You need to first understand that she couldn't ethically put me into harm's way once our program here concluded. In her practice th-"
"No, I refuse you to let you avert away from my original question" Cas folded his arms and squinted his eyes to focus more on Dean while his wings seemed to hold their ground. "Explain, Dean!" Castiel demanded.
"No, I already know my answers. Happy moments are few and far between in this line of work, so it didn't take me long to decide my favorites." Cas answered.
"Because Chamuel thought about it and decided that it wasn't fair for Dean to be the only one forced into honesty, Cassie. In other words, you pretty much did this to yourself, Bro, by not telling the truth."  Gabriel responded.
"Just do it!" She replied, squinting her eyes at him and putting her hands on her hips to let him know she wasn't joking around.
"Wowwwww! Are my actions really that predictable that a bunch of dick angels with a major lack of social skills knows my next move?" Dean asked sarcastically.
Dean shifted his position despite Castiels grip so that he was now facing the angel. Dean no longer cared if his feet remained on the color circles. It was a bizarre position. It looked like Cas had just dipped Dean during a salsa dance or some shit. But since Castiel was still sprawled out on the mat with one hand on the red space, it looked like he had not only dipped Dean but that he had also landed in some weird-ass superhero stance.
"Think of me as you will, but I am only here to help you both resolve the issues you have. You may not trust me, but there is a method to my madness, and the sooner you give in to it, the quicker you will be able to leave this place."
Castiel couldn't help but melt into the kiss when he felt Jensen's lips move against his own. Jensen licked Castiel's lower lip, and his mouth fell open, allowing Jensen complete access. The moment their tongues collided, Castiel couldn't help but moan out in pleasure into Jensen's mouth.
Dean knew he needed to say something along the lines of an apology, but what? Dean wasn't good with apologies. The word 'sorry' wasn't a part of his daily vocabulary. He had no idea where even to start. But he had to start somewhere...
"Goodnight... jerk!" Cas responded in the way that Sami or, in his case, Sam would, and Dea couldn't help but smile at that as Cas walked back to the spare room he had chosen.
The area around them was stunning and very picturesque. Across the dazzling blue lake was a row of rocky mountains with snow on the tips, and on the opposing side of the dock was a complementary stone path that led up to a decent-sized victorian style house.
Castiel's eyes lit up a bit at that. "Yeah, I picked the color's out especially for you. I also picked the specific type of flowers included in the bouquet according to their traditional meanings are. Each one relates to the ceremony this weekend."
"Oh shoot, I completely forgot. We can still get breakfast. Hold on. I'll be ready in five." Castiel quickly tightened his hug on Dean, gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before darting back towards the bedroom.
Avoiding looking at Castiel, Dean got up from the mat and strolled over to where Naya had set down the smoothie. He chugged it down in two gulps before he could second guess his decision and before Castiel could even consider stopping him.
"No, I wasn't saying that. I just don't want you to have to go through the same mental torture you went through last night..." Castiel replied, looking down at his shoes shifting his left foot across the floor.
"Yes," Castiel answered. "If Deanna, Samantha, Cassiel, and Jane are here to help us fight off Chuck in this universe, who is going to protect there's from all things supernatural while they are away?"
"That's only for the night before the wedding, which is why I only booked you a room for tomorrow night." Cas replied.
Sure, the hunting helped distract him enough to keep him occupied, but he still found himself constantly checking the date on his cellphone.
There was a bit of shuffling inside the bedroom before the lock clicked and the door opened. Dean looked awful but saying that would definitely not help him get his act back together, so Garth kept that opinion to himself.
“Well, an angel doesn’t necessarily have to answer such a spell, as you well know, but considering the weak condition he must have been in, possibilities are high that he could not refuse the request.” She simply shrugged. “But, as I said, it’s just a guess, if a highly educated one.”
The man’s face was so full of doubt that Dean almost pitied him. Then he did the slightest head tilt and it reminded Dean so much of Cas, that he forgot to breathe for a second.
“And it shouldn’t have! I mean, come on, the sheer amount of coincidences that had to come together for
Now it was Dean’s turn for understanding to dawn on him. “He didn’t just drop on the other side then?” He looked at Rowena, dreading the confirmation he knew was coming. She nodded. “So, he might be fuck knows where over there? Without his powers? This is just awesome.”
Mel had to laugh at that and gave Jean an approving look. Then she sobered up a bit and beat Castiel to the explanation. “In theory you’re probably right. But, you see, there is no supernatural activity here, just like Cas said. Which means our universe renders him powerless. Here he’s just… a regular guy, I guess.” Her eyes went back to the angel, who nodded his confirmation. He looked more than a little unhappy at the bleak prospect.
The actor pursed his lips at that, a little offended. “I’m not in it for the money. I’d still do it, even if I only got paid minimum wage. Although, I do admit that it’s a perk to make money with what I love doing.”
“Yeah well, I’ll only be a few minutes. You have to keep an eye on the rift, make sure no one crosses over,” Dean tried because maybe giving him a job would keep him off his back for a moment.
“What the hell…” Mel froze in the door frame and Theo almost knocked her over when he came to a sudden halt behind her.
“For a second there I… He sounded sincere, okay? Maybe he believes all that crap himself. Which would make him even more of a lunatic,” she tried to reason.
Dean couldn’t even blame Jack, this man did for all intents and purposes, appear to be Cas. For a split second Dean thought it was him, too. But he knew better. Dean
From the corner of her eyes she saw Theo reaching for the button of the confetti cannon, but in the split second before he could push it, a lot of things happened at once. A flash of blindingly bright light illuminated the whole garden, forcing them to clamp their hands over their eyes. A high-pitched sound, almost like a screech, piercing their unprotected ears, made them consider if going blind really trumped going deaf. The ground was shaking beneath them, light bulbs exploded, and fuses blew. Theo was suddenly beside her, trying to wrap an arm around her shoulder while still shielding his eyes
“Jack, you will be acting as the tracker,” she announced with a curiously soft, regretful look at the boy. “I will plant the spell in you, so you will be able to…” she carefully considered her next words, “feel your way to Castiel.”
Jack felt his grace gently tugging at his insides and tried to coax it into flowing out of his body, aiming at Cas and guiding it in the right direction with his hands. With his eyes closed he could still feel the bristling presence of the angel’s grace. For a split second he wasn’t sure if he was able to subdue something as ancient and magnificent as the concentrated mass of energy before him. If he actually had the grit to attack Cas. He didn’t know the extent of his powers, didn’t know what would happen if he slipped up just like Dean expected him to. Of course, he didn’t want to hurt Cas. But what if he still did?
“Is something wrong with this shirt?” Castiel asked and knitted his brows together, fortunately oblivious to the subtext of the conversation going on around him.
“Try slowing down a bit,” the angel tried to calm him and moved a step in Jack’s direction, his hands outstretched as if he was preparing to keep the nephilim from falling over.
Dean walked back and forth restlessly, alternating between rubbing angrily at his face and cursing under his breath, while Sam was mumbling into his phone. They had carried Jack into one of the more comfortable chairs in the adjacent library about half an hour earlier. He was still out cold.
Just when Mel was about to defend herself, the man on the bed started to stir into consciousness and all three of them instantly fell into a tensed silence. The man let out a soft groan and shifted a little. One hand went to his face as he propped himself up with the other. Then he slowly turned to the three terrified twenty-somethings, brows knitted in obvious confusion.
,” he started warningly, ready to put on his signature bitch face. It was blaringly obvious where this was going. Typical.
Jean stared at him in consternation. He’d never raised his voice to her like this. It had effectively stunned her into speechlessness, but inwardly she still wanted to explode. How could they be so stupid?
“I… don’t know. I’m… tired. My head hurts.” The boy’s eyes swept the room and when they found Dean’s angry gaze, he furrowed his brows and asked, “Where is Cas?”
“Transportation and catering, mostly,” the hunter replied with a smug smile. “Also, if you know who and where these people are that Cas is with, we might get done with this rescue mission a lot quicker.”
“Well, he loves his family a lot and cares for everyone, even me,” they boy shrugged, and in a sudden rush of discomfort averted his eyes. “He’s a good brother and a good dad. Why shouldn’t he be a good husband, too?”
Mel furrowed her brows in alarm and Theo returned the gesture in earnest. Silence threatened to settle again, but this time it was so awkward that it made her skin crawl.
“Are you done with whatever lovers’ quarrel you’re having over there?” Jean called from the armchair she’d made herself comfortable in.
“So, you don’t know what’s going on, either? Then I’m definitely calling the cops.” Jean had walked up behind them and was peaking over their shoulders.
“This must be the universe Balthazar sent Sam and Dean to, then. I remember they told me about a man called Misha who was this universe’s equivalent to me,” the man mused.
“Did you achieve any results with the photograph we took earlier?” The angel took one of the bottles and opened it hesitantly, as he looked at the young woman next to him.
“Well,” the actor crossed his arms over his chest and pursed his lips in consideration. “I’d never turn down a soul in need. And I guess I could make sure that you stop bullying the poor kid.” He actually had the audacity to pinch Dean’s cheek to underline his words. It didn’t escape Dean how Jack was trying to suppress a giggle at that. “But I’d have to be back on set the morning on the day after tomorrow.”
“Sorry, Jean! We’re going to take care of that in a minute!” Mel called out, slumping forward and bracing her elbows on her knees. “Let’s not tell her about this,” she whispered to Theo.
“Damn, you make jokes now?” Theo laughed and took another sip from his bottle which got him an offended glare from her. “You’re full of surprises.”
“Well, that wasn’t very illuminating.” Theo sighed and chugged the rest of his beer in one go, nervously chuckling at the irony.
“Well…” the man – Misha – started and ruffled his hair in an unsure gesture. “What do you want to know?”
“Just brainstorming on how to get this angel man back to his own reality,” Jean shrugged, almost pulling off nonchalant. “I guess this is going to be tricky.”
“It’s close,” the boy went on. “It seems to be coming from over there.” He pointed at a bunch of shadows bustling about on the other side of the tree line.
“Great choice,” Mel said and gave him a thumbs-up. “If you need anything to wear over that, Theo has quite an impressive collection of flannels.”
“Very well, thanks for asking,” she giggled as she slipped out of her boots and went over to her room. “He was… amazing.”
“I hate this,” Dean finally announced with a frustrated edge to his voice and slammed his glass down on the table, “sitting on our asses while Cas is fuck knows where and that rift could shut down any minute.”
“Exactly. What if we cross over and the rift closes before we can go back?” One glance at his brother’s face told him everything he needed to know, though, maybe more. Failure wasn’t an option. They’d lost the angel too many times already, and each time it had been harder to come back from it. Especially for his brother. The next time might very well be the last. He exhaled heavily before slowly nodding. “You’re right, we need Jack.”
There was indeed a man lying on Jean’s bed. On his stomach, his head tilted away from them in an uncomfortable angle and his feet hanging off the side of the bed. Dressed in a cheap suit and a tan trench coat. The dark hair at the back of his head completely disheveled.
Rowena took a step closer to the rift, her face set in a calculating glare as she extended her hand to feel out the power emanating from it. “It’s weak, but I can feel the residues of a spell. Unfortunately, I cannot make out its nature. It feels… obscure and kind of amateurish.”
“It means we have time,” the witch expounded. “The rift cannot close unless the main power source returns to its rightful owner.”
With one quick nod in Jack’s general direction Dean ducked down a little lower and started to crawl along the underbrush, away from the kid and towards the edge of the tree line. It felt like it took him forever to get there. Meanwhile, the activity on the other side was slowly dying down. He could hear cars starting up and driving away, low voices murmuring tired goodbyes to each other, and the constant hum of electricity being shut off when the lights were suddenly killed. Swearing under his breath he stopped in his tracks because his eyes needed to adjust to the sudden darkness. It wasn’t an absolute darkness by any means, he quickly discovered. A few yards away there were some bigger vehicles and a structure that appeared to be a huge tent, apparently the center of whatever operation was going on here. There was a softer light emanating from its windows.
“Sam, yes. And Cas, of course. He’s been there even before I was born,” Jack went on, then chanced a quick look at Dean from the corner of his eyes. “And you.”
! An angel from an alternate dimension where your favorite show is real?” Jean whispered frantically. “Mel, I get, she’s just wired that way. But you?”
“Samuel, this is uncharted territory for all of us. It is a spell of my own devising and I have never used it before. So please, let me explain it in my own time.” Again, she raised her eyebrows at him and successfully shut him up. “As I was saying, a tracker and a power source. Accidentally, both of those things happen to be at our disposal.”
“If you want to put it in layman’s terms, yes.” Rowena sighed softly and slowly walked over to where Jack was still hunched over in a chair, motionless.
Dean did his most impressive eye roll at that. “Maybe you’ll make it back to set. Maybe not. There’s no way of really knowing, right?”
He saw shadows of people moving about but it was hard to get a clear line of sight through the undergrowth. He was also looking almost directly into the blinding white light, causing him to shield his eyes. Quickly he went through a mental list of possible scenarios they might’ve landed themselves in. Given the circumstances an excavation, a building site or a crime scene seemed to be the most plausible to him. Considering their luck, they’d probably ended up in the middle of a murder investigation. Awesome.
“Well, call me a romantic, but I think the right person is out there somewhere. For all of us. Sometimes you don’t even have to look far,” Jean stated, single handedly defusing the tension. She even dared to give Mel and Theo a suggestive wink. Well, there were things she just didn’t know about them. They both stared her down, disapprovingly. She just raised an eyebrow and shrugged in a suit-yourself gesture.
an angel of the Lord,” he interjected, and all eyes were on him immediately. His presence was somewhat commanding. “You somehow seem to know me, and I have an idea about what happened. In this universe there is a television show called Supernatural?”
“You picking up on any sign of Cas?” Dean whispered and suddenly felt Jack’s hand on his left shoulder. He was about to shrug it off with a huff, but then realized that Jack had closed his eyes in concentration. It was probably how the tracking spell worked and although Dean didn’t like it, he also didn’t care if it meant finding Cas.
“Not yet… Misha is a very famous actor who probably gets thousands of messages every day. It was a long shot,” she admitted with a sigh. “Anyway, I’m not sure how he could’ve helped us. If he believed any of it, that is.”
The quote completely went over Jean’s head, but Mel laughed lightheartedly, then turned back to Jean and added, “It’s not fanfiction if it’s true.”
“Well, that’s it. I’ve tried every way I know to reach Rowena. Nothing,” Sam announced in defeat and put his phone down on the table. “We can only hope that she calls back.”
“Look, now that we know the rift won’t just shut down on us, we can go over there and find him,” Sam tried to reassure his brother. “Dean, we’re gonna bring him back.”
“Tell you what, if you can count a hundred streetlights without falling asleep, I’ll tell you the secret,” he offered with a soft smile. Dean didn’t miss it and it did a real number on the already kinda mushy state of his insides.
Just as quickly as it had started it was over again, though. An almost deafening silence enveloped them. That was until Theo’s tensed body slackened next to her and his hand accidentally landed on the confetti button. A loud
“Shit, Jensen! Calm down. I don’t know how you managed to pull off a prank like this but I don’t really care for it,” Misha huffed and brushed off Dean’s hand in annoyance. “Getting the fans involved, this is a new low.”
“I still don’t get how this is good news. Okay, so maybe it’s not a bad thing we have more time than expected. But Cas is still somewhere without his grace and hasn’t returned on his own. If he was alright, he could’ve just walked right back through that rift. He didn’t. Which means something’s wrong.” Dean ruffled his hair, clearly more worried than angry now.
“You have… But I thought you were involved with that Jensen guy.” The frown on Dean’s face almost made him laugh.
think it’s more likely that he’s actually in a car with Dean and Jack? That the rift opened wherever he was at the time and they met by accident?” he challenged, quite miffed to be called out like that.
“According to this specific task you have to help us with the rest of the hunt, just saying,” Theo added with a crooked grin.
“No, stay back!” The heat was starting to become unbearable and a piercing headache was spreading from Jack’s temples to his forehead and all the way to the back of his head. He closed his eyes and planted his feet firmly on the ground.
“I don’t understand. What is special about road trips?” Castiel asked, shaking his head incredulously.
“Look,” Dean turned back to him, “we’re not here for you. So, if you could quickly answer some questions we’ll be out of your hair.”
Misha swallowed heavily, suddenly not feeling so cheeky anymore. Jack put a reassuring hand to his upper arm and gave him a warm smile. “I can keep an eye on him for you, too.”
“I’m not. Jensen. My name is Dean Winchester, this is Jack and we really need to find Cas. Sam and Rowena are waiting on the other side of that rift.” He pointed behind them to the only actual proof they had.
Misha finally sighed without taking his eyes off the road as his attention returned to the angry man beside him. “I’m sorry if my car’s offending you.”
“Guys? This isn’t funny and I’m tired. Just tell me what’s going on,” the man interjected, quickly losing his patience.
“How very profound,” Sam deadpanned, not paying any attention to his brother’s growing discomfort. He was used to it. “We know they have a weird relationship. How’s it going to help find Cas?”
The younger Winchester was holding an ice pack to his bruised jaw, the immediate result of successfully having stopped his brother from jumping into the rift right after Cas.
“I have two kids.” Misha just shrugged by way of explanation. “I know my way around a petulant child.”
She had dragged him to the kitchen as soon as she’d seen an opening. Mel had shown the supposed angel to the bathroom. They’d all insisted he take a shower because, well, he did look worn from his journey. Now she was distracted with picking out some clean clothes for him to wear for the time being.
They had spent the better part of the last hour cleaning up the backyard where they'd tried to shoot their video and carrying their equipment up to their shared apartment. Jean, their other roommate, was fortunately not home yet. She wasn’t usually as forgiving with their shenanigans as most of their other friends were, and she probably would have thought that the power outage and the racket outside had been their fault. How they would have been supposed to cause an earthquake, though… Jean would’ve found a way to hold them accountable for that, anyway.
to get him home.” Theo bit his lower lip in thought, his eyes trained on Jean’s scared face. “When I say
She rolled her eyes in faux desperation but continued. “Well, he did pull you out of hell, if I remember correctly?”
"CAS!" Dean exclaimed as he chuckled light-heartedly. Cas was damn persistent when he wanted to be. So, Dean knew that to get the angel to shut up, he would have to convince him he was wrong. "Look, buddy, I don't care if you have your heavenly mojo or not. Sam and I don't have powers, and despite our many mistakes, I like to think that we still have helped people from time to time! My point is you don't need superpowers to make a difference. If you have the will to do good, which I know you do, then you are already 100 steps ahead of 95% of humanity."
"Damn, alright then." Dean muttered. They were standing just past the inside entryway of the home. The entryway contained a large glass window above the doors and a medium-sized crystal chandelier hanging above the center of the room. Off to one side was a long hallway, while the other side contained a staircase to the upper floor.
"It was probably three years after I raised you from perdition. It still happens occasionally, though. It picked up again not long after I left the bunker, but I chose to ignore it since we weren't on the best of terms." Castiel shrugged.
"Uhuh... sure. What's the task then??" Dean asked, folding his arms, sending a glare back at Rachel.
"Look ... I know I can't bring back mom. Jack tried that, and... that... that didn't work. I also know that Dean and I cannot face Jack alone. Jack is far too powerful, and without a soul, we have no idea what move he will make next. So, until we can figure something out to deal with him, we have to place that issue on standby."
"I don't think he was masturbating, Dean, if that's what you are attempting to hint at." Cas responds.
times, like last night, for example, my team and I figured privacy was essential considering the circumstances."
"The one and only!" Jensen exclaimed. "Come on. We need to head up to the bar. The rest of the guys should already be there. We can also ask the bar to put some ice in a bag or something for that bump on your head."
"On the contrary. I entirely agree with you, Dean. I think O'Malley may have taken advantage of his skills and used a little too much magic to prohibit you during this program. He isn't that big a fan of the Winchester family. The pill was only meant to make you honest, not forcefully honest. Also, the fact the pill came with a punishment factor is something I do not stand for. Despite what you may think I don't do negative reinforcement here. It's not my style."
Castiel's hand dropped off of his face as his wings perked up once again. He stared at Dean, looking somewhat astonished by the other man's response. "... But... But I'm Castiel!" He stuttered.
Naya disappeared, and an uncomfortable silence filled the space before Castiel walked out of the room without even acknowledging Dean's presence.
Sam let out a sigh. "It's Dean... he isn't handling his grief well, and I am worried that if something doesn't change soon..." Sam swallowed "that I... I may lose him too..."
"You're not too far gone Dean, we all care about you, and we want to help you get through this." Garth spoke out, apparently having followed Dean down the hallway.
However, Dean still couldn't disagree with Castiel's choice to include this memory though. It was a pretty great moment... he didn't have to die to save the world from the darkness (AKA Amara), his mom was brought back to life, and he also got to surprise Cas by still being alive, all in one day. It was all a major win for the Winchester family. Well... for everyone except for Sammy, who was off in some basement being tortured by a blonde British woman from the British Men of Letters.
"Nope, Dean's right. This type of heaven is one of the physical realm, not the spiritual. But I will let Dean explain that to you. The door will unlock after your seven minutes are up."
"Ohhh, but Sam's phone calls and text weren't good enough for you to respond to? You know what I..."
"Jack..." Castiel said sympathetically, kneeling down in front of where Jack was sitting now on his makeshift bed. "I understand where your coming from, but there's one major fault in your plan."
The man who must have been the one talking to them in the dark stood behind the table. He was working with a dropper and some green liquid.
Castiel nodded. Dean spread out the arms of his jacket and leaned over the fire edge, readying himself to drop it onto the flames below.
"Test? What test? Castiel won the game I lost, obviously." Dean said, lifting up the smoothie cup to prove his defeat.
He pulled himself from Dean's arms and walked over to the table to pick up the final card. "Picture This: You decide! One choice each."
Samantha patted Cassie on the shoulder and smiled at the angel when she had looked up. "It's alright, Cassie, I'll go next. My name's Samantha Winchester. I'm also a hunter, and recently I have been spending my spare time perfecting differing yoga poses to build up my core muscles."
After counting up from 150, Dean and Cas had both learned that Dean kissed exactly 179 women. Castiel wasn't happy about it, but Dean wore it as a badge of honor!
Dean sighed somewhat in relief, but Chamuel kept talking."I noticed how much stress that spell put on you, Dean. Can I ask why that is? Is being honest with Castiel so hard for you to do?"
You could almost feel the heat rising off of Deanna. "You're damn right you weren't thinking. In fact, neither of you were! So, you and Jack are going to fix this issue right now!" She ordered.
"There was absolutely no spelling involved in any part of that explanation." Castiel squinted his eyes.
It was Dean's turn now. The spinner spun on its own, thankfully, so no one had to maneuver to try and spin it. Magic does come in handy at times like these. When the arrow finally stopped, it landed on
Even if he were to kiss Castiel right now, the hunter was pretty sure that would only make the angel's grip tighter. Not that he thought the angel liked him like that, but either way, kissing him would probably cause Castiel to tense up or draw in closer. Which was the opposite effect of what Dean needed to happen right now. So that wasn't a viable option at the moment. He needed to do, or better yet, he needed to say something that made Cas loosen his grip, but what would do that.
Dean knew this topic was very serious business to Cas. He only ever cussed when he felt an extreme emotion about a topic or if he wanted to insult an enemy in the heat of the moment. This was obviously the first one.
Castiel tilted his head,  squinting his eyes at Dean in question. "I only meant that I don't understand what your original question entails."
Before Dean could come up with the correct words he needed to actually give her a verbal response, a loud bang sounded from down the hallway in the same direction of Sam's bedroom.
Dean took a minute before responding. He could tell that Castiel was afraid no matter what synonym he wanted to use to hide his fear behind. So, Dean figured he could respond to the angel's question in one of three ways: he could be honest, he could straight out lie about it, or he could be somewhat honest with his answer but in doing so avoid his real answer altogether. He went with the third option.
After a minute of silence, Dean began drifting off, but Castiel decided that this would be the opportune time to chat with the hunter.
Castiel made his way in with Gabriel at 6:02 while Dean was still standing near the door talking to a group of people. Cas rushed up to Dean, breathing heavily.
Castiel took a deep breath. He hated that this last challenge seemed like it would be separate from Dean, but if he wanted to reunite with him, then he needed to complete this task.
"I'm as ready as I'll ever be." Dean grinned back, and Castiel made his way over to their two seats in the middle of the long dining room table.
"You never answered my previous question." Castiel replied, squinting his eyes as if to observe Dean's reaction better.
Dean moaned at the sensation of their tongues colliding. Cas's mouth tasted like heaven, which made sense to his lust-filled mind because he was kissing an actual angel.
"And you didn't think this was something you should tell us before now, Cas? What the hell were you thinking, man?" Dean asked, anger evident in his tone.
Castiel looked down, his eyes rapidly shifting back and forth across the concrete ground of the upper landing. "Gabriel's insane challenge wasn't the reason I traveled halfway across the globe!"
"There's nothing wrong with discussing sexual intercourse, Dean. It's a natural act of human affection. Is it not?" Castiel refocusing on Dean's facial expressions.
Dean was still staring at the cellphone, trying to piece together all these things, but not before Castiel spoke up again.
"No, no, it's just that I told Dean something similar last night to get him to stop questioning about what happened here yesterday."
How the hell am I supposed, to be honest, here?  Dean thought. Sure, deep down, I hope something good comes out of this entire horrifying experience, and having Cas back around would be nice, but I will be damned if I have to admit that to him right now. Especially after Jack killed my mom and he knew something was up with the kid. Good thing Cas didn't ask me that though.
Cas looked at Dean, unsure of how to respond but obviously waiting for Dean to continue explaining what exactly he meant.
Dean decided to help him fill in the blanks because he understood why Cas enjoyed meeting Jack. Out of all three of them, Cas must miss Jack the most. Jack was his responsibility after Kelly died. Then Lucifer killed him too. It was a miracle that Castiel was brought back at all, but considering the son of Satin excepted Cas as his makeshift father, that was another miracle in itself. And all of that held true whether Jack killed Mary or not. Jack was gone now.
"You only have two rounds left to go, Dean. Just finish the program. Chamuel has never had a case that didn't succeed." Sam stated.
Fake Gabriel started laughing hysterically before crying out, "Yeah, no shit, sherlock!" That when Fake Chuck hit him in the stomach.
Dean dropped his fork onto his plate and practically jumped out of his chair. "Shit... I need to run to the store, shower, do laundry, clean my room... fuck I really need to clean my room... it's like a mini-tornado ran through there or some shit!"
"Hey shhhhhh... you are talking at 100 miles an hour. I'm not mad about your change in tactics; I am just curious as to why?"
Dean's eyes widened. Sammy and Jess? A four-month-old Damn, how alternate was the universe gonna get? Jess was still alive and with Sam, and they had a baby.
Castiel's face went red from the frustration of her accusation. "I was solely CHECKING ON Jack like I do every night before he goes to bed. One night a few days ago, I saw that he was writing what seemed to be a letter. I must've peeked in near the conclusion of his letter because soon after, I saw Jack folding the letter up and placing it into an envelope. Since Jack doesn't have friends outside this bunker, I wanted to see what he did with the envelope. After it was completely sealed, Jack closed his eyes and a small rip in this dimension formed above his desk." He explained
“Cas told me he loved me,” Dean waits to hear a gasp or hitch of breath from next to him, but it doesn’t come, “and then The Empty swallowed him up.”
Dean goes and sees Bobby again to ask if he knows where to find Cas. In response, he receives “It’s Heaven, ya idjit, just pray to the damn guy!”. But then , unexpectedly, he’s also shown a genuine smile, given a clap on the back, and another pair of mushy eyes that he was so tired of being subjected to today, but this time from someone else, who mushy eyes were much less characteristic of. Then finally, Bobby tells him, “You go get ‘im, boy. Good luck.”.
“You know Cas, I haven’t been here long in terms of uh, Heaven time, maybe half a day? And I’ve already cried twice. I think I might be broken.” Cas looks at him, chuckles again, and says “I don’t think you
“Eighty-six years,” Sam says, “I lived for eighty-six whole years,”. Sam’s small smile grows significantly, “and I died of old age.” Damn! Well, that’s certainly something! Clearly, his concerns were unfounded. At this point, Dean’s subtle grin had turned into full-on cheesin’, crinkles at the eyes and all. “You son of a bitch,” he chuckles, “you made it. You did the impossible. You lived to be a cranky old man as a hunter.”
He launched himself at his angel, wrapped his hands around Cas’s face, and kissed him like he was dying for it. Dean has never kissed anyone like this before, with so much love, with so much yearning, pouring his heart and soul and being into it.
The moment Dean’s lips connected to Cas’s, Cas let out a small yelp of surprise. He was certainly not expecting this, and he hadn’t had any time to process what was happening. Dean could feel the other man’s shock in his stiffness and gasp, but he supposes that’s to be expected when you kiss your best friend, whose romantic feelings they thought were unrequited, right upon reuniting.
grant you my forgiveness.” Dean cries a broken sob and presses his face further into Cas’s hand, closing his eyes.
“It hadn’t hit me… until after you were gone… what you said. And really I just didn’t know if I could be sure about what you meant. About
Dean untucked his head and met Cas’s eyes. “Like, are you going to have to go do angel duties and leave me here alone?”. Cas looked back at him like he was offended that the other man would even suggest he’d leave after such a monumental occurrence between them.
Heaven, noticed, and suddenly it wasn’t worth it to me anymore. Heaven wasn’t worth it, if I wasn’t supposed to feel. But you were worth it, Dean, you
“You know, uh, Cas said something to me, before The Empty took him.” Sam was already looking at him with the big understanding eyes and sympathetic brow, exactly how Dean knew he would. Apparently he kept that trait throughout his eighty-six years of life. Ignore it, he told himself, ignore the puppy-dog eyes. Sam didn’t say anything, of course, the considerate bastard, he was waiting for Dean to speak. “Well uh, I suppose no one ever actually told you but… back a few years before…
about how he’s feeling, much less describe it. Not to be, well, cliche, but those cliche words hardly hit the surface of his grief, and nothing in the human language ever would. Cas is gone,
Cas was looking at him intently, and Dean could tell he was listening. He’s having a hard time meeting Cas’s eyes. Dean took a deep breath, because fuck, he’s never been good at this sort of stuff. But there are things he needs to say, things Cas needs to hear, things Dean needs to hear
thought about what he would do if Cas came. It was at the forefront of his mind this entire time, actually. It was like how he’d Thought before, after Cas was freshly gone and when he was still alive, except this time it was a real possibility that he’d have to confront those feelings head-on with the person he had those feelings
, and I’m so sorry I never said it before, and I didn’t say it when you told me, I was so caught off guard and I was scared and…” Dean trails off, trying to find his words. He could tell from Cas’s eyes that he was trying to hide his shock and elation at hearing those words from the hunter. “Dean, Dean it’s okay,” says Cas, holding Dean in his arms and rubbing his back soothingly. He caresses the nape of Dean’s neck, and it makes him feel so cherished that it
He and Sam sat together on a bench in silence for a moment, enjoying the view of the almost-too-green trees and the birds singing in perfect harmony, chirping and looking like a splash of burnt umber paint on the royal blue sky. It probably should unsettle Dean, how utterly perfect it is up here, but somehow it doesn’t. It feels right.
? Are you sure?”. Cas retracted one of his arms from around Dean and used it to cup his face, stroking his cheek with his thumb.
But this time, this most recent time, when Dean remembers it’s possible that Cas could come back, the thought is immediately contradicted with
Dean is dead. Cas is… well honestly right now Dean doesn’t know if Cas is technically dead or alive, because he didn’t have time to ask (there were more urgent matters at hand), but either way, it’s about time. Dean Winchester needs to talk about his motherfucking feelings.
Dean knelt on the (pristinely polished) floor of his new house. He could’ve sworn he smelt Pine-sol if he sniffed hard enough. Logically, Dean knows kneeling won’t improve the chances of Cas showing up, but he also knows kneeling is like Prayer 101, and If he was gonna pray to Cas he was really gonna
, he just didn’t feel like getting his love life closely examined by his little brother, much less his prospective relationship with their mutual best friend, and
It wasn’t what Dean said about not being sure Cas could feel romantic love that particularly perturbed him, as he supposed it wasn’t an unfair assumption, but it was the fact that Dean didn’t feel he owed that love from him, didn’t feel he’d earned it, that hurt. Cas swallowed the thickness bubbling in his throat, his brows furrowed up in the middle. He still knew he wasn’t supposed to talk, so he shot Dean a look that he hoped conveyed the message:
“Well,” Sam started, “I retired, you know. A few years after you… died… and I settled down, with Eileen. We got ourselves a house and,” He sighs and raises his eyebrows as if he’s still in disbelief, his eyes showing he’s in a faraway world, “We made ourselves a home. A family. We even had a son.” Dean’s tearing up. God, he’s so fucking happy for him. That’s all he ever wanted for his brother, retirement and happiness, a family too if he wanted one, but he never thought Sam would actually be able to get it. It was always just a fantasy, a “what if” scenario, the sort of thing only normal people with regular lives got, not hunters, not them. But somehow, Sam got it.
“And I’m sorry too,” Cas continues, “I’m sorry I put so much on your shoulders before I was taken by The Empty, and I’m sorry if there’s anything I’ve ever done to make you feel like I couldn’t love you.”
They’re sobbing, they have been for a while, but still, they kiss once again. They taste salty tears on their lips, and it’s not clear whose they are, but it doesn’t matter. The kiss is less fierce than before but just as loving, it’s slow and sweet and full of endearment. They’re no longer desperate to put their words into their kiss because now they’ve said them out loud, now they only need to
. Dean didn’t deserve anyone’s sacrifice. Cas deserved to live, fuck, he should be alive right now, it should’ve been Dean, not him.
Or, more accurately, Dean could take half a breath. The other half was stuck in stasis. While the world was saved and all was well in the big picture, yadda yadda, all wasn’t well in
When it hits Dean that he doesn’t have that safety net of hope to catch him this time, he knows he has nothing left.
. He could never have Cas, and he didn’t want the damn guy anyway so it’s not like it mattered. Dean drank, and he thought about how he could never have Cas, and how it didn’t matter that he could never have him.
them (yuck), instead of just keeping them to himself. He may have talked to Sam, but Dean hadn’t said anything about his own feelings, only Cas’s, so it was significantly easier. Both the feelings he’d had since he was young, which he’d buried early, and the feelings he’d had since meeting Cas, which has been infinitely harder to push to the side, were going to have to surface.
instead was the one who needed to push all of his words of admiration into Dean, even though he already had, the day The Empty took him. Cas tugged on Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth and sighed when he felt Dean melt into him that slightest touch more. Dean parted his lips and Cas licked into him like he was attempting to
All those years ago, he thought about Cas’s lips, and then he drank. He drank and drank, and he repeated mantras to himself of the things his father said to him when he was young about men like
not. What would make you think that?” Cas’s eyebrows tilted up in the middle, saddened that Dean would even think such a thing. “I am not leaving you, Dean, not now, not
He began his Thinking approximately once it had hit him that 1. Cas was likely not going to come back, and 2. Holy shit Cas said he loved him. At first, Dean pointedly ignored the Thoughts that arose and chose the much easier route of drinking himself half to death.
“But Heaven is, well, forever, right?” asked Dean, doubtingly. “That is one of its attributes, yes,” Cas answered. “So you want to spend
Without a second thought, Dean got up off the ground from where he was praying in what must be record time.
he hears again, so he looks, and he doesn’t bother wiping his tears. He’s of course then met with those big ridiculous kindhearted eyes. Sam doesn’t ask in
his feelings as much as acknowledged they existed and attempted to set them to the side because Cas was dead, goddammit, so it
Now, praying? That’s it? That seems way too easy to Dean, as a man who’s never had anything easy ever. Bobby’s generally right about this sort of stuff, but it just seems so friggin'
I couldn’t feel that way, for a million different reasons, but they were all just excuses. Excuses why I couldn’t be happy.
Dean replies with a dramatic eye-roll and sigh, clears his throat, then half-shouts “Gimme a moment!”. Cas chuckles.
Dean scratched the back of his neck awkwardly, feeling the intensity of Sam’s eyes. It’s not as if Sam could know where Dean was going with this, but it somehow felt like he did. He’s probably just paranoid. “The deal was, as soon as Cas felt true, genuine happiness, he would… he would be taken, uh, by The Empty.” Oh, God. Sam’s understanding gaze. It’s piercing. He waited quietly for Dean to continue. If he had questions, he certainly didn’t ask them. Dean sort of wants him to ask them. He wants to stall. Why is this so fucking hard to talk about, he’s dead! This shouldn’t be difficult, he’s six feet under!
They hadn’t moved from their spot, standing together in the middle of Dean’s new slightly Pine-Sol scented living room. Cas ran his hands down Dean’s back. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s neck. Cas carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. Their lips parted in sync and their tongues pushed together, back and forth, they drank up each other and got high on the feeling of being intertwined. It was, no pun intended, heavenly.
While Dean was losing consciousness and on the brink of death, he remembered he never told Sammy what Cas said to him before he was taken by The Empty. It’s not like Dean forgot that he should tell him, not really, he was honestly more just trying to avoid it. He knew exactly how it would go. He would tell Sam, Sam would look at him with his big understanding eyes and sympathetic brow, he would give Dean a moment before staring deep into his soul and asking, “
Anyway, back to the matter at hand here; Dean’s dying, and he’s fading fast. He holds Sammy close, one of the last people Dean has left, and thinks of how he’s leaving his baby brother all alone. He thinks of all the things he could’ve done in the future, all the things he should’ve done in the past, and what led him to this moment. Dean has gone up against the vilest creatures the world had to offer, he’s been to Hell, Heaven, and Purgatory. He has literally fought God and the Devil. He’s died countless times and always managed to come back.
After a few more minutes to make themselves look presentable and a little less like they’re been crying their hearts out, they head to the door before Sam leaves out of pure impatience. Before they head out, though, Dean looks at the angel to ask something that’s been on his mind.
He feels a little stupid to admit it, but every time Cas dies, it takes a bit of time before he remembers he could very well come back from the dead, as everyone he knows including himself has a track record of doing. It takes a bit of time to remember that, because all he can think at that moment where he’s sobbing and broken is,
Yet here he is, now, taking his final breaths, dying by being impaled by a giant rusty fucking nail. What a way to go, he thought.
He’s literally got all the time in the world and all of Heaven to explore, as well as an angel to avoid, so Dean shares another drink later, this time with Sam. It was just shortly after he took Baby for a drive that he encountered his brother on the bridge because, as Bobby said, time works differently up here.
Cas looked at him with a half-smile. “Jack pulled me out of The Empty when he began rebuilding Heaven. It was a bit before you died in earthly time, but it was enough time up here to get everything in check. He said he would’ve pulled me out earlier but it was difficult, even for a god, and he had some other matters to attend to.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t try to get you back. I didn’t know how to and I was terrified. I should’ve tried, I should’ve asked Jack to bring you back before he left. I wish I had a good reason for that but I just… can’t really explain. I was
, Cas of everything.” He looked up, trying to keep the next bout of tears from sliding down his cheeks. “But… the bottom line is, I love you, and not like a brother, not like a friend or anything like that. I’m in love with you, Cas. I’m so, hopelessly, stupidly in love with you.”
He told himself that Cas meant it in a friendly, brotherly way. He distinctly ignored how that wouldn’t make sense, how the things Cas said about him and the fact that saying those three words to Dean was his one true happiness.
Just as Dean finished that thought, Cas scooted closer to him on the bed and wrapped him up in his arms, so Dean did the same and tucked his head into his angel’s neck. Somewhere along the way, their legs found themselves tangled together.
a highly intelligent turkey, has gone through his fair share of physical pain in his life and can therefore semi-confidently use it as a metaphor. So if you forced him to take a stab (no pun intended) at describing how he feels he’d say: it felt as though someone skinned him alive, layer by layer to the bone while making him watch his own flesh get filleted in the process, as well as intermittently having acid poured on his raw body, gotten knives shoved under his fingernails, had his eyeballs shish-kebabed, organs eaten by rats while he’s still soberingly conscious- well, I think you get the picture at this point. Dean is not feeling so great.
He also tried to immerse himself in their hunt to kill Chuck, and that worked to a certain extent, because he did what he’d always done: push everything deep, deep down until he couldn’t feel anything anymore. He did the job, he did it well, and he saved the damn world once again.
After a few moments, Cas attempted to separate his lips from the other’s (though he fucking hated doing that, he’d rather do this forever but he needed some clarification) and let out a “
Now it was Dean’s turn to subject someone else to big emotional eyes. Cas tried to unwrap himself from around Dean, thinking that was what he wanted, but Dean grabbed his arms and held them there and whispered “
But once they’d taken care of Chuck he had no excuse to avoid it anymore, so begrudgingly, he did some Thinking. And boy, did he Think.
When Dean had done his original Thinking when he was still alive, before his other thinking about what he’d do if Cas showed up, he remembered the first time he’d had a thought about Cas that wasn’t entirely friendly.
“Then you told me you loved me. And I couldn’t… get myself to say anything. Because I knew-” Dean shut his eyes, a tremble and bated exhale on his lips. “I knew it meant goodbye.”
Dean scrunched up his features at the last word, still having a hard time accepting that Cas could love him. Not just because he was a nearly-inconceivable cosmic being who’d lived hundreds of centuries, but because he was Cas. How could Dean possibly deserve to be loved by
Overly optimistic bitch. It surely couldn’t be this easy, right? Still, he’ll humor Sam (and let’s be honest, himself) and take this seriously.
very long for this one thing and it’s finally here. They can finally have it, unapologetically, unabashedly, and in full color.
Dean’s not looking at his lap anymore, because Sam might be able to see the tears falling onto it. He looks away, opposite Sam, out into the almost-too-green trees and the stupidly perfect sky. Damn that royal blue sky.
the man. Cas had hardly any experience with kissing, but he still managed to do it with the enthusiasm of someone who’d made a career of making out.
“When did you go,” He glances over at his brother nursing another shitty-but-awesome beer, “and how?”. Sam looks back at him, a content smile crossing his features. Dean doesn’t exactly know how aging works here yet, but Sam looks young like he remembers him being when he himself died. It worries him a bit, because he took solace up here knowing (hoping) his brother would get to live a long fulfilling life, even if he hadn’t.
“Dean?” they hear in Sam’s voice, “Anything happen?”. They separate their lips reluctantly, Cas raises his eyebrows as if to say
Before this, Dean had only ever kissed for its most basic purpose: for the feeling, and to get closer to the main event. But he didn’t kiss the angel because he was hoping to get into his pants, he kissed Cas because Cas was his everything, and had been for such a long time. Dean so dearly hoped he could say with this kiss all the words he kept locked inside his heart for the past twelve years.
"Alright enough, you two, come on, Sam, help me find our seats." Jessica requested. Sam quickly trailed after her, and Dean couldn't help but smile at the sight of them.
"You and I made plans to get an early breakfast before you went to pick up Dean at the airport. But I guess he got an earlier flight or invented a teleporter."
With his hand still grasping onto Castiel's shoulder, Dean looked around the room to see if he could find the source of the light flash. His eyes quickly panned around the room, but nothing seemed out of place.
The visual projection surrounding them slowly evaporated around Dean and Cas, revealing the center room of the cave for the final time.
"Nope, sorry. I can't tell you that until you take the pill." O'Malley placed two cups of water directly in front of both of them.
"So..." Sam started to say, but finished chewing the bite of food in his mouth before speaking again. "- I'm guessing your uncharacteristic change of mood has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that Cas is coming home today? Hm?" He asked rhetorically, with a small grin on his face.
Cas glanced up quickly before retreating his eyes back towards the floor. Blush suddenly overcame his face. "I-I don't know what you think I am trying to say here." He mumbled, his cheeks continuously becoming redder.
Once Castiel had left the bedroom, he saw that Dean was already positioned in his chair at the card table. Cas slowly made his way across the room and took his seat for what he thought maybe the last time.
After Dean found a T-shirt and a pair of clean boxers in one of the dresser drawers, he got dressed, turned out the lights, and got into bed. It was by far the comfiest bed Dean had ever slept in. Maybe it was temperpedic or some shit. Regardless, he didn't care. He was happy that the day was done and over with, so he refused to focus on what negative events tomorrow could bring.
"What's down there?" Castiel questioned. His wings acted alert as he peeked over the edge of the hole in the floor.
Another two months had come and gone. And with each passing day, Dean seemed to be slipping further and further away.
"Well, yes, but it happened during the short period I spent as a human. And the woman I slept with turned out to actually be a reaper who attempted to kill me afterward." Cas explained.
"What process?" Dean asked, turning his head to face the women and using air quotes when saying the word 'process.' Chamuel was now walking around to the front of her desk.
"Fine fine, safety first blah blah blah blah blah." Deanna replied, rolling her eyes and leaning up against Sam's dresser. "So, what are we going to do with them? Cause there are a few spells that I've been dying to test out." She smirked at Sam, causing him to gulp in personal concern as a response since his verbal skills were extremely limited.
"He will probably be angry. He usually is when I make a decision without consulting him first. But he would have never let me choose to stay here if I talked to him about my other option."
me. I hate this. I hate every bit of this... I would never let myself admit to half of the stuff I admitted to Castiel out there... I can't do this, Sam."
Castiel's eyes went wide with shock. Of course, he couldn't pinpoint which event Dean was referencing currently. He had kept a lot of secrets from Dean and Sam in the past, and that never seemed to turn out well for him in the long run, no matter how much good he thought he was doing. Despite the truth behind Dean's words, Cas couldn't help but feel guilt creeping up inside him again. The guilt had always been there, but Cas did his best to focus on the here and now instead of past mistakes. However, it apparently didn't take much to bring that guilt back to the surface.
"In hell, your soul shined brighter than any other. I thought that its brightness would dissipate when we reached the surface, but even then, your soul continued to outshine all the rest around it." Castiel brightened up a bit just thinking about it.
"It does, you are completely correct, but in this case, I would have to lean towards the factor of your influence on his newly found answer."
Castiel's eyes widened in shock. "What are you saying, Dean? Because currently, I am afraid that I somehow must be letting my hope get the best of my judgment and that I currently misunderstand your intentions."
The kiss became frantic, filled with desperation and hunger as Dean's lips moved swiftly along Castiel's. Dean didn't wait long to swipe his tongue swiped across Castiel's lower lip, asking for entrance. Cas couldn't help but smile into the kiss before opening his mouth and allowing Dean's tongue to dart inside and map it out.
"Well, earlier, you and Cassie told us that Dean and I have matching souls; thus, he is my soul twin! Which could be a great song title, by the way."
"Both of you, for the love of God, SHUT UP!" Samantha said finely, losing her patience. "Castiel said he may know what's going on here, so I say we all stop talking and listen to the man or angel or whatever he is. Alright?" She glared directly at both Dean and Deanna until they both had surrendered to giving her a nod of agreement. "Perfect, now Castiel, please continue before Jack and Jill get into another argument about which one is the fairest of them all."
"Well, in your defense, a lot was going on at the time, and it was more of an internal revelation! Either way, should I continue on to the next memory?" Cas asked.
"Who the fuck are you?" She exclaimed while pointing the knife out towards Dean. This lady didn't seem at all threatened by the gun he was pointing directly at her. But that type of confidence could get someone killed if they weren't careful.
"Wait - so let me guess CasTiel, emphasis on the T,  is an angel of the Lord and you met, whatever his name is, when you "firmly grabbed him and raised him from the fiery depths of hell?" Deanna asked, saying the last line in a low tone to mock the pitch of Castiel's voice.
Sure, it could just be Jack attempting to use his powers again. The boy had blown fuses more than once when he was trying to practice out his heavenly gifts, so it wouldn't be too far-fetched to say that the brief light flash was just that. But Dean had a feeling that that wasn't the case this time, and as a hunter, you don't just ignore a gut feeling.
"Lisa, the only thing that this changes is the fact that I would like to see Ben more often. This doesn't change a thing between you and me, and this most fucking definitely doesn't change the fact that tomorrow I still plan on marrying Castiel..." Dean turned around to see Castiel's eyes welling up with tears; a smile overcame his face. "That is if you'll still have me?" Dean asked.
They both walked out of the bedroom and into the center room, taking their unassigned seats. Neither wanted to start the game, but they knew someone had to start the round. The sooner they start, the sooner they can leave this hell hole.
Even though the angel didn't need to sleep or eat, it seemed that he spent a fair share of his time in the kitchen specifically. Dean had caught Cas on several occasions learning how to make various dishes, typically around midnight. Not that Dean was complaining, food was food, and Cas's cooking skills had improved significantly over the past few months.
"I DON'T CARE," Cas exclaimed, which quickly made the other man shut up. "I don't care that now you both know my intentions behind the entire leviathan occurrence. I may have had good intentions, but my judgment was blinded by them as well as the possible control I could gain over heaven. Near the end of that ordeal, I almost killed Sam by breaking the wall that Death had put up in his mind. I even went as low as teaming up with Crowley only to deceive him and break our so-called deal. What I did... how badly I hurt both you and your brother... it's unforgivable, and I am fucking terrified that my so-called good intentions may unintentionally lead me down the road again." Cas' wings stopped shaking only to wrap tightly around his shoulders like a safety blanket of sorts.
Dean could only nod in response. He wasn't going to dare to open his mouth for fear of what he might respond. However, O'Malley seemed to catch on to Dean's strategy quickly.
They both apparently had made some kind of mutual telepathic agreement that now was as good a time as any to head out to the center room. However, Castiel stopped again when he reached out for the door handle. He turned around to face Dean, who was now standing directly behind him.
However, when Dean's hand touched the angel's trench-coated shoulder, a bright flash filled the room. Dean probably would have been blinded from the flash if it wasn't for his quick knee-jerk reaction to shut his eyes. Thank Chuck for his lightning-fast reflexes.
"I'm done if you are done!" Castiel answered. He clearly didn't see the humor in this situation because he turned away from Dean completely as soon as he was done talking.
Jack sighed. "I did it because Jane and I believed we could take down Chuck a lot faster if we all worked together as a team. Plus, we both were in search of a friend, and I know from personal experience that friends aren't easy to come by for people like us..." Jack answered. His tone becoming more melancholy towards the end of his explanation.
Dean's eyes widened in shock. He had never seen Castiel act so menacing, which is honestly saying a lot since outside the cave, he could probably smite anyone he wanted to. Nonetheless, Dean wouldn't back down without some sort of retaliation.
Dean couldn't think of a response. For once in his life, he didn't know what to say. I mean, how the hell do you comfort an angel who is losing what makes him a celestial being? They stood facing one another in silence, and the only reason Dean knew that was because he didn't hear the sound of any footsteps. Castiel obviously hadn't moved since he had used his healing power. All that Dean could hear was the sound of both of them breathing. He felt Castiels breath on his face... so yeah... obviously, Cas was only inches away from him.
"Lady, we don't have issues. And even if we did, that isn't any of your business." Dean said, starting to feel more annoyed.
Without saying much else, they both went about their own business, getting ready for the day ahead. However, it didn't take long before Dean was up and out the door heading into the center room. This shocked Castiel a bit. Dean always hated going to the center room because he was forced to be completely honest in there, so why would he be in such a rush to go?
"How are you so sure that I was, in fact, being honest?" Dean smirked. "Don't you want to double-check in the honesty cavern behind that door?" He gestured to the door behind where Castiel stood.
As soon as both Castiel and Dean crossed the threshold of the room, the door slammed shut behind them, leaving them in complete darkness.
"There's a door." Castiel replied, but his voice alone hinted that he was just as perplexed as Dean was after hearing that response.
Castiel's pupils expanded in fear while his wings fluffed up a bit before folding behind his back in what Dean assumed was resignation.
Castiel laughed and moved his head up so that his lips were now ghosting Dean's own. Which made Dean's breath hitch and eyes fall close from the sensation.
"Sure! But the moment I get back, let's get this party started." Jared, aka fake Sam, replied before running over to the bar.
Dean's eyes were still wide with bewilderment and shock as he followed out behind his brother. How could he have not seen the oh-so-clear pattern that was right underneath his nose? Why would he flirt with Cassie when deep in his subconscious, he knew that she truly reminded him of Castiel? All three of the women he just met were hot in his terms, but yet the only one he flirted with before Sam brought up his theory was the female embodiment of Castiel, his best friend. This was all far too confusing, and Dean really just wanted whatever the hell this was to be some strange fever dream. However, it was sadly all too real for this to be just another nightmare.
"Wow, Mish... that was beautiful!" Jared exclaimed, turning to face Jensen. " And Awww, look at Jensen, you even made him blush."
Dean decided that now may be as good a time as any to take that pin out of that note he took a few minutes ago and see what was really upsetting Castiel about all this. "What happened, Cas? Why are you so upset about this?"
"IIt'snot though. Angels were created to follow a task, therefore pairing them together based upon the similarity of the task is a natural occurrence in heaven." Theo replied.
"Well - what? Just spit it out Cas, it's not like we can lie right now anyway, so we may as well just tell each other the truth! So spill it wings!"
Dean scoffed. He was no longer looking for a resolution at the moment. Anger started to burn within him. Castiel brought up the underlying issue behind all this, so Dean thought he might as well educate him further about the situation.
The sight was enough to drag his instincts out of their slumber. Castiel quickly propped himself up onto his elbows, separating their chest slightly.
Dean's eyes softened as he reached for Castiel's hand and began pulling him down the stairway and into the bunker.
Dean tried to take a chill pill and stop laughing so that he could give Cas an actual explanation."It probably just means something that brings you joy. You know, something that isn't typically joyful to most people."
"We all love you, Deano, and despite what Cas chose, none of us will ever leave you in the dust. I swear none of us will ever give up on you... not ever!" Donna said.
Castiels shoulders sunk with the newfound realization. Dean noticed the change in mannerisms, but before he could say anything, Cas walked towards the wall furthest away, only to sit down with his back to Dean. One-shoulder leaning against the wall.
Dean's eyes narrowed. "So then why are you... wait, let me guess! Sam called you, didn't he?" He asked, folding his arms.
"Well then, what is it exactly?" Dean's tone was meant to mimic that of the angel's deep gruff voice, but he failed miserably.
"Well, a gentleman in this situation would give up his room so that the women would be more comfortable." Sam explained.
Castiel looked down towards the flames trying to form an answer that wouldn't infuriate Dean. Or at least not any more than he already had.
"So you see how Dean reacts here. Notice how his pupils aren't changing in size? Yet with the eye tracker seems to show interest in the subject. Well, now let's do a brief montage so I can prove my point a bit quicker." She said.
"Alright, fine... whatever, you wanna keep it to yourself, then go ahead. Just tell me how the heck I am supposed to use the projection magic thing."
"Well yeah, it's the kinda future I hope to one day have well despite the different plot points and such cause I don't think I could change my past even if I tried." Dean replied.
Strangely enough, neither one of them felt uncomfortable being so close. For a solid minute or two, they just stared at one another in the eyes. It was like they both were trying to read the other's mind.
Cas looks down and starts shuffling his feet back and forth along the edge of the chair he is sitting on.
"Good, now back to what I was saying. To put it briefly, Sam had been on and off the drug so often that my Dad tried to intervene, but that caused a rift between them for years to come. During the case that he tagged along, he was killed by a drunk driver who slammed into him as he drove to meet me. I couldn't bear losing my brother, so I did what I had to do and made a deal with a demon. Which means..."
"No, not that I am aware of. But I do agree with the one about opening an umbrella inside being bad luck." Cas replied.
They both knew that was a lie, but without verbal confirmation, neither could affirm what the other had hinted at, so they both dropped it for now at least. Dean would only ever bring it up again if they had at least a fighting chance to save Castiel from the empty. But Cas would bring it up only if it meant that he could sacrifice himself to save Dean's life/
"Doesn't that bypass some ethical standard or something?"  Dean asked. Castiel looked back at Dean, shocked that he asked such a question. "What??? I swear I heard Sam talking about it before." He stated as cool and collected as he could without coming off as a geek or something. He had an image to uphold!
"Okay, my dudes, so for this task, you will see a computer monitor or desktop, if you will, in front of you. In a few moments, a series of images will flash before you. All you have to do is look at the image on the screen, and you will be done with room numero three." Rachel stated.
Garth cleared his throat before responding. "Not to disappoint you, Dean, but the last I checked, I'm not Sam."
"This program, do you think it will actually solve our issues with one another?" Castiel said solemnly.
It wasn't like Dean was a blushing virgin... but this type of intimacy was different because it was Cas, and Dean had never experienced the feeling like he was feeling right now before.
The angel heard Dean sigh and looked over to where Dean was looking on the wall. Suddenly realization clicked in Castiels head. Dean had only kissed him because he wanted to leave this room. Talk about false hope.
"...In the other dimension. You- I mean Jensen was getting married." Dean nodded, waiting for him to continue. "You told me to stop by your room after the bachelor party, and I did."
"Shh, just wait for it!" Dean said, entering a code into a pin pad on the wall and then pulled a small lever directly next to it.
"Hey, Jared, would you mind getting Mish a bag of ice from the bar? He hit his head pretty hard on the door frame." Jensen stated.
"I told you before... I cannot stop the program. Once it's set into place, not even I have the power to end it. You can't leave until after part 5 is completed." A saddened look overcame her face. She looked like a child who just had to tell their parent that they had failed a midterm.
Dean's eyes shifted up to the right as he thought about it before setting his eyes back on his brother. "It's probably just a coincidence."
"Well, you practically admitted how you felt to Dean earlier. You just didn't specify what you meant."
After Donna, Jody, and Garth had paid him that visit, Dean had stepped up and accepted his situation for what it was. It sucked, but he still had a life to live.
Castiel gulped. He didn't know if he should outright admit why he was so upset or if he should keep the truth to himself as Dean tends to do. He, of course, went with the latter.
"I'm so so so sorry I am late. We had so many errands to run, and then Gabe forced me to stop at this candy shop, and before I knew it, we were off schedule and-"
"Yeah... so what's your point?" Dean asked rhetorically. " You weren't following heavens orders when you helped us trap Micheal and Lucifer... in fact, if I remember correctly, which I know I do - you rebelled against heaven and its fleet of businessmen just for Sam and me."
"Who the hell are you?" Dean asked the women sitting in the desk chair. "And where the hell are we?"
"Yes... I have a lot on my mind right now. I'm fine though, really! Let's go celebrate with the rest of the... umm cast?" Castiel gave him another fake smile, trying to sell the act.
Castiel sighed. "It has everything to do with what happened a few minutes ago... because according to the empty... I won't be taken away until I am truly happy... So with Jack gone, finding true happiness is only possible in one way... you, Dean. You are the only option that would make me truly content."
"That's not the line!" Dean exclaimed, "I believe it went more like, "I am the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition,' feel free to correct me if I am wrong, Cas."
Dean honestly thought he would never see the man again, yet here he was. He felt so many contradicting emotions that he didn't know how to react. He wanted to pull Castiel into a tight hug, but at the same time, he also wanted to punch him in the face.
"Because I do, Dean! I have existed for a very long time, and I never knew what actual love felt like. But this person... this man... he makes me feel unlike anyone or anything else ever has." Castiel stated confidently.
Chamuel must have charmed the door to only be able to open from the outside or something because Dean isn't the type of person to just sit around and wait for anything.
Dean sighed. "Sammy and I had a rough childhood; we didn't have many moments where we could both just be kids, you know? I was either hunting with Dad or trying to watch out for Sam. I never was a kid, and I had to grow up pretty fast so that he could be one. But that night... that night was the only night I felt a child-like joy in me. It sounds pretty dumb, I know. But just lighting off some fireworks with Sam and letting go of all my jobs for just a few hours was complete bliss for me."
"Please, don't blame it on Jack." A young female voice stated weakly. Everyone turned to Jane, who was sitting upright on the bed. "I was the one to bring up the idea to him. I learned from Jack's letters to me that you guys deal with Chuck much more often than we do. He's much more hand's on with you guys, but in our universe, Chuck has become less and less present lately, which is why I suggested that to Jack that Cassiel, Samantha, Deanna, and I could probably be of some use here."
Castiel, however, glowered at Dean's question and shifted his gaze away from the hunter. "I never met her before I was transported back here. But from what I heard at the bachelor party, her name was Daniele, and she was way out of your league."
When Dean finally woke up, he didn't continue to question Castiel about his ordeal with Chamuel, which Castiel was internally thankful for.
Castiel shuffled his left foot across the stony ground. "I mean... of course I want you. I want you to be safe, I want you to be happy, and I want-"
After the exotic dancers did their performance, after fake Gabriel convinced one of those dancers to give Dean a very limber and bendy version of what the other men called a lap dance, after everyone had drunk at least 3 or 4 beers - not to mention each of them consuming 5 to 6 shots as well, it came time for the groomsmen to each give Jensen a speech.
Room three was lit, just like room two had been, but this one had a different layout. There were two cubicles, each with a desk, a chair, and a desktop computer inside of it.
As soon as the pair left the dining room, Both of them stopped in place, staring ahead. Leaning up against the wall was a woman in a navy blue short tight dress. Her makeup was flawlessly done, and her hair was curled to cover girl perfection.
"But you must know that that's in the past now, Castiel... Can't you focus upon the here and the now? I let it go, so should you." Theo said.
"DEAN, without my grace, I'm utterly useless... I can't protect you... or Sam, I can't heal either of you whenever a hunt goes sideways... Overall, I'll become more a burden than a resource to either of you, and I can't do that... If I'm not an angel, then I'm... I'm nothing." Cas replied.
"And why is it that I don't believe that?" Cas raised an eyebrow and spoke in a tone of distrust and rage.
"Well, I guess let's get this show on the road so that we can hit the road sooner than later. I don't even want to know how many episodes of Doctor Sexy MD that I missed while stuck here."
1. This chapter includes flashbacks - in order to do that, I included gifs and multiple short segments of script from the show and even old passages from this story [all italic text in this chapter is from a script (or previous chapters) - all the credit for the script segments goes to the writers of Supernatural, the CW network, and  http://www.supernaturalwiki.com which is where I found the transcripts.]
Castiel was outwardly confused by this response, but Dean had no intention to explain that part of his answer in detail.
"What the fuck, man, why do you always have to be such a cock block? We are brothers. We are supposed to be each other wing man's not each other virgin accountability reminder!" Dean complained.
Castiel pondered for a moment. "So what your saying is that if I found true happiness here, I would be safe from the Empty?"
"I thought what I wanted was pretty clear from what we were just doing a minute ago before someone rudely interrupted it! But fine, you want me to say it, I'll say it. I want you, Cas."
Dean looked over to find none other than Castiel standing in the bedroom's doorway, and gosh, did this small bedroom have far too many people in it now. Nonetheless, Dean was thankful that Cas was here to hopefully tell them what the hell was going on here.
"Really? Do you? Because I don't think that you do. I think that you are pretending to be sympathetic with me to force me to be more accepting of this situation or some crap like that." Dean said
"Yes, honey bees in particular, but I do find all bees interesting nonetheless. Honey bees just fascinate me with how they function as a unit within the hive and how they collect pollen to make honey. In fact, did you know that in a single worker bee will only produce one-twelfth of a teaspoon of honey in its entire lifespan or that despite its size, a bee can fly at speeds up to 15 miles per hour or that a-"
Castiel's face alone was enough to encourage Dean to grab onto the hem of Castiel's boxers and begin sliding them down. He wasn't exactly at an excellent angle to remove them entirely since Cas was still sprawled out on top of him, but Cas seemed to get the idea. He quickly got up off Dean to stand beside the bed again and shed the last article of constricted clothing.
Projection Dean rolled his eyes and put the palm of his hand up to his forehead. Projection Castiel decided that now was as good of a time as any to jump into this battle by picking up Jack and handing him over to Sam. "Jack, you know that all adults around here are in charge. We make rules to keep you safe, now go with Uncle Sam and take a bath without any fuss, or else De will not read you a book before bed tonight." Projection Cas said.
Dean was about to start complaining that this was definitely not how he pictured his ideal reality until he looked over at Cas. The angel's eyes were shut tight as he seemed to be imagining the small details of his dream landscape.
"It means that after I have been summoned and once the magic is set into place, not even I can release you from the set of trials that lie ahead."
Dean smiled with tears still glistening in his eyes. Then the hunter launched forward and connected his lips with Castiel's.
Dean heard Castiel's footsteps and, without hesitation, started to follow suit. It wasn't long before Dean began struggling to keep up, considering he couldn't see where he was going. Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean ran into a stalagmite.
Castiel nodded. He seemed content with Dean's explanation for interrupting his TED talk on the importance of honey bees, so he reached out to pick up the following card. However, this time Cas just stared at it with squinted eyes as he tilted his head.
After over half a dozen hunts and multiple brotherly altercations, the day finally came where Castiel was supposed to return home.
over Sam and me while we slept before. I'm sure one of us must have sleep talked at one point or another." said Dean.
"What other choice do I have, man? I just want for us to be out of this stupid fucking cave, and if this is how we get out, then the quicker I do it, the sooner we get the hell out of dodge!"
"AHA! See, I told you I was straight, or at least I tried to tell you. That honesty room really fucks with your mind, man!" Dean said with an exhale of relief and a small smile on his face. He was so relieved, in fact, that he didn't even care that the women had just implied he was insecure about his own masculinity.
Fake Dean must've noticed Castiel's confusion because he suddenly spoke up. "It's me, Mish. This is my bachelor party. Geesh, how hard did you hit your head?" He asked, showing a bit more concern on his face.
"Fine," She finally answered, but at the same time that she lowered the knife from Dean's neck, she had jerked his hands together behind his back and used what felt like a belt to tie him up.
Dean let out a loud sigh of relief before walking over and putting his hand on Castiel's shoulder. "Gosh, you don't know how great it is to see you, man." Dean said as he heard the heels of Sarah's shoes clicking as she walked away from them to another part of the lobby.
An uncomfortable silence filled the small room while the two men just stared at one another. Dean still had anger in his eyes, but for a brief second, Castiel thought he saw a flicker of regret or maybe even sadness in his expression before it returned to one of frustration.
? You really think Misha, Jensen and Alex would drive down here just to mess with some random fans? Seems like a massive waste of time and resources.”
“What?” Dean was starting to get tired and short-fused. He just wanted to rest his eyes for a bit, but the man beside him gave off an energy of relentlessness.
“Can you now?” Dean huffed, almost amused, as he turned away from them. Only then did he realize that the bustle from what he now knew was the set of a television show had almost completely died down. “So, no one’s gonna drive you home, big shot?”
“What? What do you mean?” Dean took a step towards the man and gripped him by the lapel of his coat without even realizing what he was doing. “I need to see that picture. Now!”
“Right, Vancouver… Did you maybe happen to run into someone who looks exactly like you today?” Dean went on and he was well aware of how insane he must sound to someone who already thought he was getting pranked.
“Dean-“ Jack started after a few seconds of confused disorientation, but Dean turned around to him and quickly put a finger to his lips in an obvious shushing motion. He proceeded to point at his ear and then in the direction the light was coming from. It was then that Jack heard muffled voices from the other side of the tree line.
The rift. Yes. There it was, in the middle of the room, and seemingly still a big temptation to Dean. Every time he was close to it and thought Sam wasn’t looking, he stole torn glances at it. Although he had eventually agreed that crossing over without knowing what was on the other side was a colossally stupid idea, it didn’t mean that his pigheadedness wasn’t still fighting for the upper hand. He felt himself being pulled towards the tear in their reality, but he had promised. He didn’t have to like it, though.
“You want a beer?” Sam finally asked as he got up and stretched his back, already starting towards the kitchen.
“Mel,” Jean tried to reason, “there’s a man in my room who looks like one of the dudes from your stupid show. Neither one of us knows how he got in or what he’s doing here. Frankly, I’m surprised he hasn’t tried to rob us yet. Probably just a matter of time, though. He’s clearly a psychopath.”
“I remember losing control. I was afraid to hurt Cas, so I tried to push him away. But…” The corners of his mouth went down and he frowned. “There was something else pulling at him.”
“So, you’re basically playing dress-up with an angel? To fulfill your dirty fanfiction fantasies?” Jean laughed, then turned to Theo. “I think we’re allowed to have some fun with this.”
“What’re you guys talking about?” Mel had come back to the kitchen, her arms full of shirts and pants for their “guest” to try on. Fortunately, Theo and Castiel were roughly the same height, although the younger man was a bit leaner, less muscular. They’d just have to go by trial and error.
“We’re still about one and a half hours from Seattle. Maybe you should close your eyes and rest,” Misha suggested with a look at the boy.
The actor gave a one-sided shrug. “I guess they’re protective of Cas. They think we might be messing with them. And I get it, weird circumstances and precious cargo.”
“I think this might be our best item yet,” she replied confidently. Without looking, she put a hand on the man’s – Theo’s – shoulder. “The others are going to lose their shit when they get to see this.”
"Ummm, well, alright." Dean said, getting off the bed and positioning himself on the floor like he had the first night. Castiel got into the actual bed but remained silent. Eventually, Dean's curiosity got the best of him.
is completed here. Anything that happens after is no longer in your issue. Now may I leave?" Castiel asked, really starting to get irritated.
"And... You wanted to give this to me alone because...?" Dean gave her a dumbfounded look, like was this seriously it.
Castiel seemed to ponder Gabriel's words for a moment before muttering "Fine" and finally swallowing his capsule.
"I just did..." Castiel uttered, obviously not grasping the sarcasm behind Dean's words. "She had no right to..." he trailed off.
"It sounds like it, man... But Misha died when Sam and I were there, so maybe you were sent to a different time period or just a different alternate dimension of that alternate dimension. Gosh, this alternate dimension bullshit is making my head hurt."
Castiel ignored the opportunity to retort Dean's witty remark. "I think it's trying to ease us into the game. You can't start off with something profound you need to build up to it," he said.
It was extremely difficult to turn down Jensen, considering Cas didn't want to turn him down, but Castiel also didn't want something that wasn't really the real thing for him.
This entire short heartfelt monologue was somewhat uncharacteristic of Dean. He never typically took the plunge as he did just then. Castiel wondered if there might have been something in that smoothie after all, but he decided not to question the one good thing that had happened to him recently. Well, the one good thing besides playing Twister.
Samantha and Deanna didn't really look too much alike for sisters. Samantha's hair was a bit longer than Deanna's, and instead of the wavey dirty blonde hair that Deanna had, Samantha had wavy long brunette locks. The only similarity Dean could notice off the bat was their similar facial structure. Either way, both these girls were extremely attractive, and obviously, they could both hold their own ground since Dean and Sam were both currently tied up. Dean knew he should be worried about this, but in all honesty, it only made the pair of women all the more attractive to Dean.
