Dean didn't give his father the opportunity to speak. He turned around, past his brother and ran up the stairs. Dean immediately went to his room, opened his window and sat on the roof, whereupon he lit a cigarette.
Eventually, he pulled up his sleeve until Cas could see the bandage.
It was fine. Sam wasn't mad at him, of course he wasn't. They were Sam and Dean, they were never mad a each other.
Actually, Dean really wanted to throw himself out of the window right now. He was too tired, but he knew that this conversation, whatever it was, would take place and he really didn't want to.
"I think it would help you to talk to somebody about-"
"What's wrong?" Dean asked and suddenly it started to feel like a tunnel again. He didn't feel like himself, more like someone else was doing the talking for him. "Dad?"
My eyes went to his desk in the corner of him room. There laid some books and his eyes fixed a very specific one. The hiding spot.
After that, there was only chaos.
"True." Cas nodded and sat on his back.
"Let go, Dean."
What if he messes up this school year again? What if he can't find friends? Does he even want friends? What if he stay alone forever? Now it's okay and what he want, but forever? Did Sammy lie when he said his day was good? Maybe the people he met were nice, but what if he was still not well? What if all of this will never be okay?
"Weird, right?" Cas started.
It souned diffrent. Not like
"Apparently it is, if you don't want to talk like that." Dean talked back. Cas was standing in front of him now, but Dean just kept talking. But he wasn't alone anymore.
How the desire had come, as his thoughts grew louder and louder. Dean knew what was happening and yet he hadn't said a word. He wouldn't.
He had repressed it or wanted to repress it and now he did let it out and Cas' best guess was that it just came up again. Cas couldn't imagine how terrible it was to live with something like that. Someone you love more than anything simply disappears from your life without warning. That actually bad enough. But then Dean saw it and- God, Cas couldn't think about it.
They didn't walk back home together.
The grass was soft. Dean sat there, with a boy he didn't really know. But for thsi one moment, it felt okay. He felt okay.
Warning: Smut.
"That's not what I asked."
Dean sat down in the living room and waited until Cas texted him he was standing in front of the door. The house was quiet and Dean hoped that his dad and Sam were already asleep, instead of getting how he smuggled his boyfriend into the house.
He walked past Dean and upstairs. Dean was sure he would do his homework, like any good student. Because Sam was smarter than him and was at least interested in school.
Maybe that was a good thing, because most dreams were nightmares anyway. He had no idea when he last had a good dream. Or a morning when he hadn't woken up drenched in sweat. It didn't matter if he dreamed or not, he always woke up like that.
Dean nodded.
Sam smiled softly at Dean. Dean placed his bowl, with now-soaked conflakes, on the small table before him. Sam immediately walked up to him to drop down right on the couch.
"I am gonna tell you something now and I need you to stay calm." John said and Dean got up to walk a few feet away. The boys just kept talking, ignoring Dean.
"It's always better to sleep next to someone you love." she laughed lightly and Dean took a sip of the cup.
Dean took one out of the pack. He thought about whether he should smoke one or not. In the end, he decided to do so. He always decided to do so.
He wanted everyone to be better, while Sam just seemed to accept, that it would always be like that.
And god, it hurt so fucking bad.
"You have to stop." he said quietly and only now Dean realized how desperate he was. If it wouldn't be in the middle of the night, if Dean wouldn't be so fucking tired and sad Dean would have screamed at him, the way he always did. But now, at that moment, after realizing how fucking sick he was, Dean realized that his little brother was right.
"You're fucking right about that." Dean tried to be dismissive. To push the subject away from him. To pretend he was strong and an asshole that didn't give a single fuck.
"I didn't say I like her."
Dean stayed on the couch and poured one plastic cup after another into him.
"I'm okay, move." Dean nodded.
"Cas mentioned that he was different."
"But it's true." Cas' grandma said and Dean grinned, nodded subconsciously. Castiel's grandparents were funny and direct and Dean liked them for that. "Was everything okay with you two, yesterday? You didn't even show up downstairs."
The next morning Dean stood in front of Cas' door. Dean heard quick footsteps coming from inside and then Cas opened the door and smiled at Dean.
Still, Dean started to shake his head slowly. It happened because he wanted it, not because he couldn't control his head. Dean trusted Cas. He realized that he probably wouldn't even have let Cas into the house if he wouldn't.
After they got home, they both went into the garden. Dean had never been in this garden. He just saw how his dad had walked right there and didn't want to leave him alone right away. John sat down on the bench he set up there and Dean sat next to him.
And then Dean heard a familiar voice. He put his plate aside and hopped off the counter.Before leaving the kitchen, he made sure his sleeve covered his bandage.
"Sure."
He hadn't dreamed anything, but he felt this cold, empty place in his consciousness. More clearly than he usually felt it. This one place where he stored horrible memories, hoping they would eventually just disappear.
"Yeah, yes, I know. He can't help you, whatever. Maybe you should ask yourself if he can't help you, or if you don't want him to help you. Because there's actually a difference."
That shit was fucked up.
"A good night story?" he joked and Dean rolled his eyes. Nevertheless, a laugh left him. "What would you like to hear?"
"Yes." Dean nodded. They didn't look at each other, but continued to stare down the street. The empty street with a few street lights. Dean noticed Sam leaning back and finally lying on the roof.
There was this special kind of tention in the air. The one that makes it hard to breath, hard to think. They talked only about school stuff until they arrived at his house.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was sure that would change after the events of the past year. But it didn't. John tried to stay the same, be the good father he always wanted to be. He had so much control over himself, that Dean wondered how he managed to do that.
"Why didn't you come to me?" Sam asked, trying to hide his anger. Dean frowned and looked confused. That wasn't really an option for him. "You can talk to me."
And maybe, just maybe, he was too tired. Tired of running away from this conversation, that slowely turned into a confrontation. Dean felt attacked.
Dean wanted to tell him that it was okay. He didn't even know what was going on exactly, but he knew that it was okay. It had to be.
Dean's hand was still on Cas' neck. Slowly Dean put it on his cheek and just looked at him for a while.
All he wanted was Cas. Dean wanted him in the morning when they went to school, at noon when they sat on the sofa and played Mario Kart and in the evening when they ordered pizza. Dean wanted something good and Cas was pretty good.
"We want to go to the sports field in the forest today or tomorrow, do you want to join us?" Castiel asked without looking at Dean.
At lunch break, his assumption were confirmed: the whole cafeteria was full of groups. He could even subdivide them, just like you could subdivide them at any school: the athletes, the nerds, the cheerleader, the girls and the gamers.
Sam knew.
And when he dropped Dean off at home after school, Dean just hugged him forever until Cas asked him what was going on. Dean started to laugh.
Dean remembered every detail. Sometimes he felt like he was trapped in that moment. The way her keys were hanging on the hook, how her phone was turned around, the way his heart beat raised. Some part of him already knew before he saw her.
Cas looked at Dean understandingly. Dean saw it in his eyes and he didn't know if he thought it was good or bad. Somehow, Dean felt he could understand that part of him. And the thought that maybe he wasn't so alone after all felt weird.
"Pretty loud." Dean answered honestly and Cas took his hand from Dean's shoulder again.
Dean left the house and walked to the nearest bus station.On the way to the hospital, Dean wondered how it would all work out. Was Samokay? Would he talk? Could he ask her? Would he answer? Can he come home already?
"I know that, actually." Cas said with a smile and managed to make Dean smile for a moment.
"I don't want that." Dean said barely audible and Sam put his arm aroundhis big brother. He knew what Dean meant and saying absolutely nothing, was always the way to go with Dean. Sam would just sit there and show Dean that he wasn't alone.
That's why he couldn't answer Sam. He wouldn't believe him anyway.
Dean was getting better. Not good, but better. He didn't drink alcohol at first and stopped taking any kind of drugs. It had only made everything worse than it already was. And Dean didn't want to pump himself up because of the wrong motives.
"How was your first day, Dean?" John tore his son away from his thoughts.
He didn't answer messages, didn't pick up any calls.
When Dean pulled away from him, Cas looked at him with a faint smile. He gently brushed Dean's hair back until he gently puts his hand to Dean's cheek.
Only that now nobody said anything. Sam was actually the one who led the conversation, but today he had nothing to talk about. Sam was the one who was best at distracting us. He did it all the time, but today it was to distract from him.
"I was fourteen." Dean answered and cleared his throat, tried to lay more comfortable in the bed. He just now realized how stiff he actually was.
"How are you?" Sam asked softly and eyed Dean for a moment. As if he wanted to make sure that no piece of his brother was missing. "You look like shit."
Sam folded his arms and lay down on the roof as he stared defiantly at the stars. He started to play with his fingers.
"You really love him, don't you?" He asked at some point and for a second Cas was perplexed by the question, but then he started to nod slowly.
John wasn't really angry with his son and Dean was grateful to him for it. Sammy didn't say anything about it. Even weeks later, he had never picked up on the subject. Sam just hugged his brother when he got out of the hospital and after that the topic was done.
"Don't you want to come inside? Take a look at everything." John asked after he placed himself right next to Dean, looking at his son. His voice was calm, not demanding. Dean just shook his head and looked down, hoping everyone would leave him alone. John sighed.
"I'm just kidding." Dean said and Cas put his head back on Dean's shoulder and Dean kissed his hair. Whatever this was, Dean knew that he wanted it. Everything he can get. And he wanted to give Cas everything he could.
"I know." Dean said defeated and sighed.
And in fact, the guys didn't bother Dean because of it. they were just happy he was back now. Actual people, who were happy to see Dean. There was no teacher who dared to say something dumb. Dean didn't know if they knew about his condition or not. But he was thankful that they just left him alone.
"Come on, don't you want to be my cute boyfriend?" Cas teased him and Dean sighed.
"Are you analyzing me right now?" Dean asked annoyed, with a frown.
His heart started racing and his eyes picked out a spot to look at. Strangely, that was Cas. Dean just looked at him, only to realize that Cas was already looking at him with a concerned frown.
Sam was in the hospital for taking an overdose.
"What?" Dean muttered, his eyes still closed.
"You want to go to the beach with me?" Dean asked skeptically.
Sam wouldn't even be an asshole. He would just say what everyone else was already thinking.
The only reaction that felt right was to simply wait for Cas to get to him and then let himself fall into his arms. The moment it happened felt right.
Was he just drunk? High? Was he sick? Did he have to throw up? Did he have to cry?
His brain was unable to do anything, as was his heart. Either everything was too much or too little. And today was clearly too much, because Dean wasn't scraed like this for a long time.
"Good morning, Dean." Cas' grandma smiled at Dean as he entered the kitchen. "Coffee?"
"Will you tell me your story someday?" He asked quietly, carefully. For a moment Dean just looked at Cas until he started to nod.
Silently, the boys walked down the small mountain.
Dean didn't want their dad to hear the honest answer. Dean wanted Sam to feel safe.
Dean's father called the ambulance, told Sam to go to his room, which he simply did without another word.
Dean didn't look away, maybe Cas could calm him down.
"You mean that one?" Dean asked, taking it out of his jacket pocket. "You're very attentive. It's almost creepy."
The teacher asked for the homework and suddenly Dean remembered that he was pretty fucked. He forgot that his mere presence wasn't enough and people actually expected something from him. Something he couldn't give them, not today.
The moon was still only half full, smiling down at them. There were two stars at each side of it and it looked like a happy face. At least it did when you were a little drunk.
"I don't have to talk to you about it. I have a therapist." Sam smiled sadly and Cas took a sharp breath, nodded for a second.
Cas was afraid that Dean would exclude him now. At the same time, Cas didn't know how to prevent this.
"How do you not know?" he asked and touched his forehead. Dean turned around again. Cas talked to the others, but after a few seconds he looked at Dean again. He gave Dean a worried, questioning look and Dean didn't know what gesture he could do to tell him what was going on. That's why Dean waved him unobtrusively to me. Cas stood up.
"What if I get a girlfriend?" Sam suddenly said, snapping Dean out of his depressive thoughts.
He walked down the stairs and heard Cas' grandma working around in the kitchen. His grandfather was always wandering in the morning with his pensioner friends. Maybe him and Cas would become like that too, when they were older.
Dean survived the last two lessons and was the first to leave the classroom after the bell rang. Cas was already waiting outside, with a small smile after he spotted Dean, and they started walking together.
"An accident? How does this happen accidently?" John asked rightfully.
But his father was right. Dean shouldn't do that to himself. Maybe he wouldn't stand it. This was the first time that Dean was honest with himself and he hated it. He was weak.
"Kinda." Dean nodded and turned his eyes away from the sky. Sam kept looking at it. He scrunched his nose.
It felt like the whole world was shrinking and they were trapped in some space they couldn't get out of. Cas was stressed, while Sam just seemed empty. Like Sam was used to it, he probably was, but Cas hated that it was that way.
Dean just nodded.
"But we can't go back." Sam said and Dean snapped back.
"Yeah." Dean answered silently. "But what are they going to do? Being stuck with a crazy kid."
Somehow, Dean had hope that he would save him. From everything.
"What's his name?" Sam asked curious and normally Dean would have rolled his eyes or something, but not today. He decided to spare Sam for an evening.
"And what exactly would that be?" Dean asked and the guy just  got up. Dean looked at him with a frown.
Hesitantly, Dean reached into his jacket pocket and handed his father the package. When he saw him taking out a cigarette, Dean just stared at him for a few seconds before handing his father his lighter.
Because Cas was the kindest, most emphatic person Dean had ever met.
They were silent for a while and Dean didn't know if that was maybe too much. Did Cas even want to spend so much time with him? But why else would he have allowed Dean to sleep at his house? Why would he suggest to go camping together? Why would he allow Dean to use his bike?
"I'm in." Dean agreed.
John looked okay too. He distracted himself with work in the house and Dean didn't know what he would do if he had finshed everything. Maybe he'll buy a new house then. Dean's room still looked the same as the first day. Unfinished. White. Empty.
Cas started kissing his cheek, down to his jaw, every inch he could get and Dean just closed his eyes and tried to concentrate on it.
He stopped dead in his track and just stared into the room until he had to blink and then it was just a dark bedroom. Dean felt something, but couldn't make out what it was.
Cas wanted to ask him how he was doing, but he could save himself the question. The question was stupid.
There were enough people worrying about Dean. Castiel shouldn't become one of them.
Dean sometimes just watched him and wondered how he got him. Maybe life wasn't too cruel to him.
Dean wondered why, tried to find a normal explanation. Sam ate something wrong. Maybe he tried drugs for the first time or had a drink with his friends. Nothing you could be really mad at, something stupid. Dean wanted it to be something stupid.
"Like shit." Dean mumbled and tugged on the blanket. He didn't look at John, he couldn't. None of them said anything. In Dean's head he only remembered the hours before when he almost punched his own dad for something he had nothing to do with.
Their chest touched and Dean didn't know which heart beat belonged to whom. Cas trembled slightly, Dean did too, his forehead glistened slightly with sweat, and in that moment Dean was perfectly sure that his boyfriend was the most beautiful human being he'd ever seen in his entire life.
"Fuck." Cas said after an eternity. "Why didn't I pay attention, fuck."
Nobody noticed. Nobody saw it and, fuck, people could be blind. Why were people so blind? They just didn't want to see it, right? Was it so unimportant? Of course Dean was glad that no one noticed him and what was wrong with him, but at the same time he wondered why. Nobody knew who Dean was, what he did last night. But to be fair, neither did he know anything about the others.
Sometimes it seemed to Dean as if Cas was noticing when the pain and sadness came near. He pulled Dean closer, kissed his hairline, and then the pain receded. But it was there, somewhere, and Dean felt it watching him.
"Nothing, actually." Castiel answered. "I mean, you're weird. I don't believe you're really like that, but if we wanna act like you're the cold asshole you pretend or wanna be, we can do that."
And from that moment on Dean realized that he was thinking of no future at all. He saw nothing when he tried to plan something. There was nothing. Just the darkness and that scared Dean.
It sounded like Dean was about to cry.
"I don't want that to happen." Dean began and Cas continued to nod, waiting for Dean to continue. Dean thought to himself,
"I'm glad." Dean heard Cas warm smile, he didn't have to see it. "Thank you. For telling me."
Dean didn't know what to do so he would talk to him. Dean just needed to know what was going on.
"I'm sorry, I don't know why I said that." Dean muttered an apology. Sam put his hand on Dean's shoulder and squeezed gently. "I want to go home."
Dean used to see him smoking with relatives, at parties or weddings, but never at home.
"Glad I could help." Dean said and Cas dropped on his bed, laughing. Dean stayed.
They took the elevator to some floor. Dean didn't think it was important, so he didn't pay attention to which floor. They sat down on a bench and Dean frowned. In that moment he realized, that he wouldn't see Sam now. Maybe it was a thousand times worse than it looked like. What if-
"Fine. It was fine. Nothing special, didn't talk to anyone. But they seemed nice." Dean replied quickly and John nodded. He was probably just happy to have received an answer.
Thanks for reading. I would love comments with your opinion. :)
Dean didn't even realized that he had shut his eyes. Slowely he opened both eyes and looked directly into Castiel's. Dean couldn't say a word, absolutely nothing. All he could think of was
But then they hear a female voice that called Castiel's name and Dean took his hand away.
But his heart was beating so fast and suddenly he wasn't so cold anymore. His hands were still shaking, but not as bad as a few minutes ago. Dean couldn't say anything, just stared at the boy in front of him. As if he would consider talking to him.
His head was on Cas' chest. Our legs and fingers were interwined. Cas stroked Dean's hair and stared at the ceiling. Dean's eyes were closed.
"Yes." he added silently.
Maybe humans can feel death. As if the reaper were still in the house.
Suddenly Dean remembered the events this morning and faced the other direction. He stared out the window again, biting his hand.
"Come on." He winked briefly and Dean thought for a moment that he was blushing. "But you certainly had someone."
"I think that's pretty cool, actually."
But it wasn't always fucked up.
At some point Dean actually fell asleep too.
Cas had shown Dean a picture of his mother at some point. Probably because he had thought of her again. Dean realied that they hardly looked alike. She had light brown hair, almost ginger.
It was nobody's fault.
In the end, he was sitting on his bed. The wooden floor was full of blood. Dean just starred at it.
And it felt like the sun was coming out again, for a short moment. It was still behind the clouds, but it was there.
He nodded to Dean to come outside, but he only shook his head. One step at a time. Not too much at once. Dean faked a short smile and went upstairs.
Only time would show.
"Sure."
"A little bit. I know about his mom, a bit about Balthazar."
At some point, they both just stretched out on the roof and stared into the sky. They both knew that this would become a routine. Maybe this could become their save place. A place they could be free to talk about everything and it would just stay here, with them. Just like the secret with John's snacks.
Dean just looked at him and didn't know exactly what to answer. Maybe he didn't need an answer to that statement. Maybe that was just a statement you didn't need to discuss.
Cas closed the gap between them and kissed Dean. And somehow Dean thought he was making a point and this conversation was over now. Because when they broke away, Cas smiled at him.
Dean sat on the kitchen counter while Sam leaned on a kitchen counter right from Dean. Sam ate leftovers from the lasagna they had yesterday, while Dean settled for cereal.
"I took your backpack, you forgot it earlier." Castiel explained and there was a pause. Castiel took Dean's backpack out of a corner and held it out to him.
"We don't actually have to talk. I could just have been there, you understand?" Cas stressed and Dean fell silent.
"I'm not running, dad." Dean said more quietly now. He didn't want an argument, no tension. "I was in school. Like you wanted, right?"
At that moment Castiel just wholeheartendly hoped that someday he would be better, because this picture, the whole situation was about to break his fucking heart.
"Holy fuck, Cas." At the end of the day, this was everything Dean could think of.
"Fuck, yes." Dean laughed, whereupon the other guy opened the bag and handed Dean a nasty piece.
Dean responded to Sam after some time. He just looked at him. Then he screamed. Like it was some nightmare and he could scream himself awake.
He wouldn't do that today. He heard footsteps outside his door, Sammy running down the stairs.
Dean stubbed out his cigarette, got up and ran to the bike.
"You should talk."
He decided against it. Cas looked to the floor and looked at his hands.
Dean whimpered pitifully as he pulled his fingers away from him, but these were replaced relatively quickly by his dick. Cas slowly entered him, cautiously, while Dean held his breath and squeezed his hand, which was still under his. When Cas was completely inside him, Dean swallowed hard, couldn't believe for a few seconds that this was real, until he felt Castiel's lips briefly on his.
"I don't know." Dean said quietly, barely audible. He looked up, met his brothers eyes and it broke his fucking heart. Dean wanted it to stop. He didn't want to have this conversation, not with his little brother who shouldn't even know how horrible life can be.
Cas looked at Dean a bit surprised, head tilting to the side. He frowned a litte, eyes wandering until he began to smile softly.
"That's a long story." Castiel said and smiled briefly, almost sad.
A few minutes later they were in Cas' basement and Dean punched the shit out of his punching bag. The first few times were weak, but then he really got going and now he was just thinking about everything that was going wrong right now.
Dean hasn't played this role too often in a while. He couldn't. It was stupid because he loved being a big brother. When Sammy was born, he was sure that he would protect this little creature (who was slowly getting bigger than him) forever. He had sworn to himself to always take care of Sam and put him first, but he couldn't anymore.
Sam looked at Dean with glassy eyes and in that moment they both realized how fucking alike they were. They really understood each other. Sam took an overdose. Dean had scarred arms. And both of that happened because of the same reason.
"I was in the hospital tonight." Dean confessed and Cas' eyes shot up faster than he thought. At that moment, Dean didn't know if he should regret it right then and there. It didn't matter, now his opposite knew it anyway.
"So you're not afraid to do more of it." Cas asked suggestvely.
"I don't understand it myself!" He honestly said, maybe a little too loud. "The more I think about it, the less I understand it."
"I don't think it would be a good idea either." Cas said honestly, but didn't look Dean in the eye when he looked up.
This chapter contains moments of selfharm. Please read carefully.
Dean sat down alone at an empty table. He let his gaze wander once over the cafeteria until he saw Sam. He was sitting at a table with two boys and a blond girl. The girl was saying something and Sam seemed to be listening intently and Dean was proud.
Well, not for Dean.
Because of the huge windows it was sunlit and Dean could tell, that it had a small garden. Much smaller than their garden in Kansas, but he tried to suppress this knowledge, the pictures that came to his head. He tried to ignore that the kitchen was much smaller, the living room had a weird layout, that there was no bathtub and that his future bedroom was smaller than his old one.
Together they sat at the table, with three chairs, and ate the pizza that John had ordered. Like that was a normal evening. As if we had just all come home from school and work and talked about the day now.
There was nothing to talk about. Dean was sad, that was the way it was. He didn't know when it got so bad that he had to resort to old habits.
Cas was a good friend. Maybe he was just the person Dean needed in his life. Someone to just sit there while Dean tried to figure out what the fuck was going on.
For far too long, Dean said nothing. He just looked down at his hands that were dangling between his legs. Everything in Dean said that he should convince Cas otherwise. That he was fine and all of this wasn't a big deal.
"Sam has agreed to go to therapy again." John explained and now Dean knew where the conversation was going. He hated it, because he knew that it would turn into an argument. Dean couldn't understand why his father kept going on and on about it, even though he knew exactly how Dean felt about it.
Dean took his hand off Sam's shoulder and looked up at the sky. Dark blue, almost black, with small white dots.
For a brief moment, Dean wanted to beg Sam to just drive away together. He would just start the engine and they would go back to Lawrence. But they couldn't do that to their dad, right?
"I don't want to talk." Dean said tiredly and he could see Sam clenched his jaw.
Dean's heart was breaking, he couldn't even manage a fake smile. He wanted to, for his dad, but he couldn't. He would have cried.
"I know, everyone is worried about me." it bursted out of Dean and he got up, went to the window. Suddenly there was a huge distance between Dean and Cas. Physically and emotionally.
Dean pressed Sam closer, as if he would protect him.
"Fuck you, no. Turn around." he said, almost sounding mad, and Dean turned clumsily on his back. Sam was sitting up, but Dean just stared at the ceiling, trying to convince himself that he had the control over this stupid ass situation.
"Cool." Castiel said. He looked at his tray full of food, then back at the table of staring boys, back at his tray, again at Dean.
"Why the fuck do you not have the right?"
At some point Dean decided to go upstairs just to have some alone time. There were too many people downstairs. Too many loud and drunk teenager. He ran up the stairs, which took a thousand times longer than it normally would. Afterwards he strolled through the hallway, which seemed never ending to him. He couldn't walked a straight line, kept grazing the wall on the right and left.
"Dad is sleeping." he explained cheeky. He went to the window and opened it. He then nodded outside, nonverbally asking Dean to come with him, whereupon Sam carefully climbed onto the roof. Dean got up tiredly and followed his brother, whereupon a short time later they looked at the stars together.
"Do you have to change the bandage?" Sam asked carefully, but Dean didn't respond. Sam didn't had to know all of this shit. Dean would have been better, if Sam would have never found out. "Did it hurt?"
Dean really wouldn't refuse a headshot. He wanted to delete the night.
"I don't. I mean, I don't want to tell anyone. I'll never want it, but I should. I should tell anyone and who else, if not you. If I wanted to tell someone, it would be you."
Dean liked Castiel's smile.
"What? What do you want to do? Do you want to go up to him and talk to him like you're his fucking therapist?"
Dean stopped and closed his eyes.
Maybe Cas gave Dean a bit of hope. Hope for a better life.
Cas just looked at him and Dean knew he was trying to put that sentence somewhere in order to understand what he wanted to say. To understand Dean.
"Okay, how?" Cas was overwhelmed.
, he thought.
Cas looked at Dean and it hurt.
Castiel didn't make a big deal out of it, trying to look like he was just copying from the board and listening to the teacher explain something every now and then.
But is guess wasn't confirmed because about twenty minutes later Cas was standing in front of his bed. Dean had no idea if he didn't want to sit down or if he just didn't dare. He looked tired.
Again his mind wandered, but Dean didn't know where.
"Wanna talk about it?" Again, Dean only shook his head.
"Yeah, I don't know. Somehow I have the feeling that something broke. Not my relationship with her or anything, I mean something... inside of me." Cas said.
"I love you." Cas stopped the movement and looked up. He knew it, of course he knew it. Just as Dean knew he felt the same, though he didn't understand why. "And I am pretty sure that won't change anytime soon."
"Your grandparents don't care that you are gay at all?" Dean asked carefully.
Cas and the boys had planned to actual study together. He had asked Dean to join them, but he had refused because Dean just wanted to be at home.
Why do people think that works that way? That something could be ignored in the hope that it would be forgotten. That this part had never existed.
"He is." Dean agreed verbally with his brother.
Dean didn't want to be like this. He wanted to be different, he had the plan that he would tell someone. He had promised Cas to tell him, to talk to him, everything but not that again. And yet he was standing here, and he was no better. It seemed to Dean as if I hadn't improved a little. As if nothing had got better. As if everything was as fucked up as it always was.
"You know, my friends, they're not as curious as I am. They just love to stare at people." Castiel started. "So you really don't have to worry about them pissing you off."
"How do you live with it?" Dean then wanted to know. How did he do it? With Sammy? With him? With himself? He lost the love of his life, Dean knew that. Dean couldn't imagine losing Cas, not like this.
Dean had only listened once at Sam's ajar door and seen them sitting together on the floor, absorbed in their homework. Nerds.
They had ordered pizza, ate it, played some of Cas' games, cuddled, made out and ate even more.
"The guys that look at us. Sorry, they can't mind their own bussiness." Castiel said and Dean looked back at him. "They are stupid, I know. But if I wouldn't say that, we wouldn't be friends, right?"
He didn't want to think about it, but of course he couldn't help it. He was trembling, feeling how tense he was and how much he regretted saying these things.
"Should we order something?" John asked from the hallway.
They had lived there all their lives and now it was gone. They left everything behind and fuck, Dean really missed that one corner in that one McDonalds. He was sure McDonalds in Iowa was shit. Iowa in general was shit.
"I think you can't deserve someone." Sam said and it almost slapped Dean in the face, because he knew who told him that. Both of them.
He wanted to return to the place where the sun turned the sky orange. Where it smelled like cotton candy and hot chocolate.
Castiel has seen his boyfriend mad before, but never angry and so aggressive. Honestly, he has never really been mad at Cas, always other people or circumstances around him.
"Woah, calm down right here, tiger!" he said with my big brother voice and it made Sam smile a bit.
"Oh, thank you." Dean said and Cas laughed briefly. Dean dared to take his hand. Cas ran his thumb over the back of Dean's hand, but didn't look at him.
"I'll ask you something now and you'll answer honestly, understand?" Sam said and Dean nodded. "Did you do anything? To you?"
"What would you have done?" Dean asked after a while, out of pure curiosity. Everyone said they would help, but how would they do it?
"I understand why you don't want to, I really do or at least try to." John tried and put his hands on Dean's shoulder. "But without you, without us, this won't work."
"Dean, is everything alright? You are so tense." Cas asked after a while.
"That's bullshit." Dean said laughing, taking a sip of his beer.
"Was there a reason?" Dean asked him now in a sober state. He still didn't like to talk about it, but he wanted, or rather needed, the answer to that question. When he needed it high, he needed it even more when he was sober. Maybe Dean could get a little closure. Delete one point from the list.
"You know dad isn't really mad when you steal his snacks." Dean said, but Sam silenced him with his hand.
"Shut up, you idiot." Dean grinned and took his boyfriend's hand off his shoulder but didn't let go. His hand was warm and Dean thought it would be nice to hold something.
He put his leg on the seat and rested his head on his knee. He was so, so tired.
"Dean is super sick." he heard his brohter lie while he stepped into the hallway.
"Do you still have contact?" Cas asked.
The first day of reality.
At some point he heard a door open and opened his eyes again slowly. A young woman entered the room and slowly he realized where he was.
"I think I have to throw up." Dean thought out lout and the next moment he had a kind of plastic bucket on his lap that he just threw up into. The nurse was helping him to stay seated. When he was done she just took the bucket away, while Dean tried to not just fall back into the pillow. He buried his hands in his hair.
"I love you too."
"I know." Sam sighed and Dean could have cried because of course Sam knew. Dean hated that Sam knew.
He said he wouldn't look and he didn't.
Dean was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't really get it when he arrived at the hospital. Just as he had gone to Cas yesterday.
He put his face in his hands, just breathing.
For him it felt as if Cas was just sitting here with him. Maybe waiting for him to feel better. It didn't feel like Cas had an expectations of Dean. Dean had the feeling that Cas was the only one who expected absolutely nothing from him. Cas knew that something was wrong with him and yet he expected nothing in this one moment.
Their dicks touched briefly and both groaned into the kiss.
Castiel Novak was a beautiful boy.
"I'd rather prepare you for a more difficult question." Cas explained and sat up. Dean raised his eyebrows and took a sharp breath.
And for a while, they just sat there and at some point it was Cas who started to play with Dean's hand absently. They had the same coping mechanism, wasn't that great?
From that moment on, Dean felt like everything was going to be okay. As if everything was just as it should be. The good and the bad things.
"There is a sports field, down the stairs. You've probably already seen it, but we always kick around a bit after school. Let off steam, you know. Want to join us later?" For a moment, Dean just looked at him and seriously had no idea what to say to him.
"Okay." Dean agreed after a while and Sam smiled very slightly. When his brother tried to get up, Dean grabbed him by his elbow as if it were his essence to life. Sam fronwed at first, but then looked at Dean wide-eyed, probably not expecting the reaction any more than the other did.
was sick. The thing he did was sick. And suddenly Dean didn't remember who he am or what he have been doing here the whole time because holy fucking shit, who the fuck does
"Why do you ask?"Dean asked after a while and Sam shrugged.
"Last night." He said as well, hoping Cas would continue this conversation.
His chest rose and fell. Dean couldn't have woken up better. Holy shit, he was lucky.
"Listen to me, Dean." Sam's calm voice brought him back to the present. Dean turned to him and looked into his eyes. Dean's head was still leaning against the warm glass of the window. "I won't force you to go into this house, I would never force you, but I want you to go out of this car. I'm worried about you."
"We can't afford that." Dean muttered and the nurse sighed sadly and Dean didn't know what her little sigh meant.
"I'm sorry, dad." Dean finally said. "For not talking. For not letting you near me. For not trying to get better, actually. I'm really sorry."
"I know." Cas rubbed his back. "I know."
Dean kissed him.
"Alright." Dean agreed and Castiel smiled happily.
"I don't have a bike." Dean said confused. It felt like my brain was turning off and looked at the floor.
And finally, Dean was the one who held him tight. The whole time he had taken care of Dean, that the role change was really welcome right now.
Dean didn't really know what the reason was.
"You should talk."
It was late, Dean could hear owls.
"Almost." Cas laughed while he raised his eyebrows. "I just noticed."
He wanted to go to bed.
He said that yesterday and he meant it. Dean couldn't even talk to Sam about all of the shit that happened in Kansas. How was he supposed to tell the whole story to Cas? Something in Dean wanted Cas to know, mostly because he trusted him. Because some part of Dean thought that this one blue eyed boy could save him. But Dean didn't want to
"What did you do when you were here alone?" Dean asked him after a while. Cas took a sip of his beer and scrunched his nose.
It was gentle, short, innocent. When Cas pulled away, Dean just looked at him for a moment, realizing that this really happend. Dean slowly put his hand on Cas neck and rejoined their lips. Cas put his hand on my Dean's back and pulled him closer.
Dean didn't wake up unexpectedly, had no nightmares, and in the morning he didn't wake up sweaty. There were rarely, in fact hardly ever, nights when Dean slept through the night. But when he did, he felt like a new man.
It was Saturday, a week after all this shit happened.
"What?" Cas asked with a grin after he realized that Dean was staring at him.
Everything was okay. Something stupid happened, but actually everything is fine. Dean just wanted everything to be okay, that's all.
Sam really was and Dean hoped with everything he had, that Sam would stay right. Dean was still fucking terrified that Cas would just leave any second. That he would realized that Dean is too much to handle and thw worst part was, that Dean couldn't blame him.
Cas smiled gently at Dean and he sighed. Dean realized that he had never been in the living room for so long. It was funny when no one else was home. Suddenly you discover that the house has more rooms than a bedroom and the bathroom.
"Why?" Cas wanted to know after a long silence. It sounded like he was thinking hard about asking or not. Dean thought for a long time about whether he should answer or not.
"I know, son." His father assured him and tried to smile warmly at him.
Maybe because it reminded him of his home. It always smelled like hot chocolate. The entire street, not only their house.
"Yeah. He's not in this country, not even on the same continent, but he's there, you know. I can call him, we skype from time to time." he says as he plays around with his fingers. "He cares about me."
"Are you still sad sometimes because of her?" Dean turned his head towards Cas, looked at him.
"Because Sam learns to handle his feelings differently."
? What does it do? How does it help you?"
"My mom killed herself." Dean interrupted and he was sure he never catched Cas shut up faster. "I found her."
"I hear you upstairs just as well. So I can also stand in the front row." he said ironically, but also annoyed. Dean couldn't turn around and look at him. He started at the floor and his hands found the way to my hair. He ran through them once until he took a deep breath and took a step towards his father.
"Nobody can help me."
"Shut up!" Dean slapped him on the shoulder and buried his face in the pillow. Dean heard his laugh and even though he didn't see Cas' face, he knew exactly what it looked like.
"Thank you." Sam whisped, whereupon Cas frowned and looked at him, but Sam looked so fucking sad that his fucking heart broke too. But somehow Cas could cling to the hope that things would get better at some point. It had to get better.
Dean was afraid to want Cas, but fuck, he wanted him so much.
After John had announced that they would move, Sam and Dean fought against it with everything they had. Nevertheless, John convinced Sam in a short time, because he was naive and gullible. Sam convinced Dean. And Dean regret it. He regret it so much.
Dean swallowed hard. Nobody ever asked him that directly and it hurt. he felt caught, because the answer was yes. Even after he realized how sick that was. What else should he has done?
"I miss her, Dean." Sam finally said and it broke Dean's fucking heart. They never said it, they never talked about it. Mostly because a part of Dean always died or went nuts when they did. Dean remembered all his panic attacks.
It was pleasantly warm outside, so the two decided to climb outside and sit on the roof. They were sharing a blanket and staring at the other houses. In Lawrence, they were always sitting on the roofs of Dean's friends, because they couldn't reach theirs. Now they had no friends, but at least a roof.
Cas noticed it, of course he noticed. He stopped his movement in Dean's hair and sighed. It sounded almost sad and Dean hated it.
"Why didn't you say anything? Why do you never say anything? I was there, right next to you! That was the fucking reason I was next to you. Why didn't you say anything?" Sam asked justified and Dean closed his eyes.
It was midsummer, so very warm. The sun was shining mercilessly on the world and Dean was certain that it had the plan to kill him. Him against the sun. That fucking star hated him. Dean felt like he was bur- He shook his head, took a breath.
Sammy followed after about half an hour. Dean had already heard him come into his room and a short time later he was sitting next to him. He said nothing tabout the argument and Dean was grateful.
"I'm sorry." He said quietly, almsot begging. Dean didn't want Cas to realize that he was about to cry, but he couldn't hide it. He couldn't hide anything at all.
"Are you awake?" The younger brother asked and Dean sat up, without answering the question. Sam smiled slightly and closed the door behind him.
"Okay." Cas laughed slightly, a little uncertain. "What is it?"
Dean's body laid halfway on Cas', as it always did. Cas kept stroking through his hair.
"Holy shit." Dean mumbled and closed his eyes. He slid down the wall until he was sitting on the floor. He pulled my knees up and leaned his head against the wall. As he opened his eyes again, he watched Cas as he sat cross-legged in front of him.
"Maybe we'll become friends."
"One year. Well, one and a half if you include that back and forth thing in the beginning." Cas told. "We broke up six months ago, but I don't know. Somehow I expected it would affect me more."
That sounded desperate, Dean was aware of that. But he actually was fucking desperate. Dean didn't want to go to this house. He himself was afraid of being alone in that house. Knowing that his little brother was where he was. Dean didn't know if he could handle it alone. Even less did he know what he would be capable of if he couldn't handle it.
"I was so glad you weren't there." his father muttered in the end. Yeah, Dean would have probably lost his shit.
Dean's thoughts started to run whild.
He had last seen him during the summer vacation. It has always been like this, Cas said.
Dean nodded.
He heard Dean's father try to calm him down, but he didn't even manage to do so. Dean hit the wall with his fist and Castiel was seriously suprised it didn't leave a dent.
"And if you do
He still felt the pain. It was his most loyal companion.
Dean nodded, knowing what Sam meant. He meant his arms, his mind, his circumstances. The only thing Cas didn't know was the trigger.
Dean didn't want to know her. He wanted nothing to do with the woman who was responsible for the scars on Cas' back.
In fact, Dean didn't want anyone to be sad anymore.
It was selfish, but for a little while, just for a short moment, Dean wanted Cas for himself.
Why was his life like that? Why couldn't it be okay again? Instead, they were constantly in hospitals. Dean left the building and sat down on the small stone staircase at the entrance. He lit a cigarette.
"Dean, please, don't do that to yourself." John said and Dean sat up, ready to protest, but he was so fucking tired. And he felt sorry for his father. And for Sam, because he was here in this creepy hospital and he would wake up and only their dad would be here.
"Please, Cas." He begged. "I don't want to think anymore. I don't want to feel this anymore, I don't want anything anymore. Please Cas, make it stop."
"Wanna sit on the back?" Cas asked and Dean shook his head.
, Cas had said a few weeks ago. Dean drove past it and stopped abruptly. He got off the bike and rang the bell.
Dean's heart started to hurt.
At school nothing changed. They behaved as usual, except maybe they looked at each other a few times too long. It was okay. Dean didn't want the whole world to know. Yet. It should stay with them, safe, whatever that is. In that safe little bubble they created on the weekend.
"Tomorrow." Dean repeated after a while. "So we'll stay here now, until-"
"In the hospital." She checked something on the bag hanging over Dean's bed. His eyes went to his arm and of course there was a needle in it. He could see his scars, but at this shitty moment he couldn't care less.
"With what?" Dean asked confused and Cas looked up and for an eternally long moment they just looked each other. Somehow Dean wanted to show him that he didn't have to answer if he didn't want to, but before Dean could say or do anything, Cas already started talking.
He bit his lip, trying to hold the emotional back somehow. Dean didn't want to cry.
Dean wanted to know so much more, but didn't dare to ask.
Sam sighed and ran his fingers through his still too long hair, as he looked down the street. Dean couldn't stop staring at him. There was something about him, some feeling.
He saw the time passing and just waited for Cas to come through the door. Maybe he didn't want to see me Dean all, for which he had complete understanding. He was a horrible boyfriend. A horrible son. Horrible brother. Person.
Sam didn't want to hurt himself, he would never do that. He would never leave Dean here. They wouldn't leave each other.
Children were playing on the street.
Dean swallowed hard and for a moment he thought he was angry at his father for saying all these things, but he wasn't. Because that was one of the most honest things his dad ever said to him. You can't be angry with anyone for the truth.
"Good." he said, and then took Dean's hand and led it under the blanket to his erection.
Dean's brain realized what had happened. Slowly he noticed that the blood was still dripping on the floor. Why did he do it here and not go tothe bathroom, like he would normally do? He looked at his arm, and saw nothing but blood. It was a deep wound. Not life threatening, but not normal either.
"Apparently it was. Fuck, I knew she didn't think much of gays, but I thought she could somehow forget that for me. I thought, this mother child love works differently. That she would love me more than anything else, but apparently that was too much to ask for." Cas talked, moving his hands around. He stopped for a moment and Dean wanted to say something, but he couldn't think of anything. "I told her and she first hoped it was a joke and when she realized that it wasn't a joke, she just screamed at me. I don't even remember what she said. I know that I tried to 'defend' myself, what the fuck. Then she said I should leave before I haven't recovered."
"No." Dean shook his head instanlty and for a moment, Dean could see everything in his eyes: anger, jealousy, grief, pain.
"I'm sorry." Cas said after they sat in silence for a while.
It was hard for Dean to talk because there was nothing to talk about.
"No." Dean shook his head.
Was he really trying to distract Dean?
"How do you want to know?!" Dean asked snippily, almost mad.
"The guy who was here seemed nice." Sammy stated and Dean frowned. He already forgot Cas was here. It was today. The day seemed to drag on for several years. Maybe Dean was in hell, because the day was getting worse and worse.
Castiel frowned for a second and looked up, before he sighed with a little laugh.
It had to be something like that. Some drug in combination with alcohol. Something Sam wanted to try that got out of control.
"Look buddy, I think it's really nice that you're here. But you don't have to take care of me."
At first the question annoyed Dean, because he heard it a thousand times and people don't actually care. Mostly these people just wanted Dean to think about it so he realized how fucking crazy he was and felt even worse. But Cas was diffrent. Dean realized that he really cared. He tried to understand it. Cas didn't label him, he didn't form his own opinion, he really wanted to know
"You should get some rest." The nurse said softly after she finished. She felt sorry, Dean could tell. She didn't mean that he should go to sleep.
Sam was in the room next door, John was at home and Dean contacted Cas.
He felt so incredibly alone at this moment. Because he knew that no one understood it, no matter how much they would try. And this, the realisation, that he was truely alone with his thoughts and past, made him the loneliest person in this world.
Cas was just special.
They were so fucking diffrent, but at the same time so similiar.
"Okay? Seriously? I think it was more than okay." Dean clarified and Cas grinned. He blushed and Dean never expected Cas to blush. It was cute, he liked it.
That's why he gave up after fifteen minutes and struggled out of the bed. Dean realized that he already felt quite at home here. He had no problem moving around freely.
"Come on. I'll get you home." Cas said gently.
"I actually don't believe you just skipped school." Cas explained and Dean sighed. What the fuck was he doing here? Dean was confused, but he didn't mind. If he would mind, he would have told Cas to piss off before he entered his room.
"Would be great, thanks." he said sleepily and leaned against the kitchen counter, next to the stove. Dean ran his hand over his face, what Cas' grandmother just laughed at. She made pancakes.
He should have taken the time to take another breath, but he just opened the door quietly instead and there he was.
He hasn't cried in ages, for a long time there was no real reason. But seeing Dean like this, so sad, so tired, it just hurt. Cas swallowed down his tears and slowely took hishand off the doorknob. Carefully he took a small step forward to see if Dean's reaction would change, but he didn't respond. So he went for a second one.
They had their first argument, if someone wanted to call it like that.
Dean closed his eyes as he brought the cigarette to his lips.
Dean had nothing to tell, but he tried anyway. He said that school was boring, but the people are nice. Sam looked unobtrusively to his big brother and gave him a smal, grateful smile, which Dean returned softly. John just listened to them, grateful someone broke that awkward silence. Grateful they both did, because John didn't had to say anything at all.
Dean wasn't sure if he knew that. Maybe someday he would tell him, just to make sure he knew.
After some time, Cas heard footsteps and saw Sam slowly padding into the living room. Very carefully. He had cried. At some point he sat next to Cas on the couch and they just sat there for a while.
After that Dean started to feel better. He wasn't fine, not even close, but it was getting better. Very slowly. At least that's what he wanted to tell himself.
"Exactly the same." Cas answered. "Only with something stronger."
Sam was furious and Dean understood it. He would feel the same way, he would also want Sam to come to him. But he was the big brother and he couldn't stand how their roles got twisted anyway. He didn't want to make it worse. Sam shouldn't know everything, he shouldn't know anything.
That was the best Cas could think of. What else could he have said? Should he have just left? He didn't want to, and something inside him knew that Dean didn't really want him to either.
But was this blue eyes guy even a problem?
"You look so concentrated." Dean giggled.
"Maybe another time."  he finally said, and Castiel actually seemed a little disappointed.
"How is your arm?" Cas asked carefully as they sat on the grass of the sports field. It was green and slightly damp. Cas lay on his back while Dean sat cross legged next to him.
Cas room was bigger than Dean's and a lot more furnished, but honestly, Dean thought it would be that way. Cas had a few pictures on his desk and a wall was painted a dark blue. His bed was there and he was one of the people who slept with a hundred pillows. Psychopath.
Forever.
"I know, Sammy." Dean stroked his back. Dean could feel the fabric of his shirt getting wet, but he didn't care.
Dean had the feeling that Cas had to hear it and he thinks he was right about that.
Otherwise, everyone expected something from Dean. His father and Sam expected him to finally get his act together. That he should get better soon.
"Dean!" Cas tried to get him out of his aggressive trance somehow, but that just seemed impossible. Cas ran in until they both ended up in the living room, where John was standing, looking at Dean as confused as Cas was about an hour ago.
Dean saw how he scrunched his nose when the sun was hitting his eyes and Dean thought it was adorable.
Arm in arm.
It was smaller compared to their old house in Lawrence. It was painted white, had a gray roof and large windows. It was ugly.
"I don't want to hide anything from you."
"Yeah, to people like us."
For a moment Dean smiled proudly, but it quickly disappeared. Dean couldn't do that. Be as strong as Sam and just go through the day. Sam had already done it last year. He always told Dean he had to. That everything still had to go on and work, but Dean couldn't see it the same way. Nothing had to work. It was all broken. Beyond repair.
Sam had made them hot chocolate, with the little marshmallows. Dean hadn't drunk it in forever. It didn't taste the same as at home.
"We can arrange that." Cas laughed.
"Cas said he didn't want to wake you up. Do you want to eat something?" she asked softly. Dean didn't worry too much about why she didn't ask why he wasn't in school. Cas had probably explained it to her somehow. It also didn't bother Dean that he was sort of alone in Cas' house right now.
Sam seemed to exhale a little relieved and Dean decided not to tell him about the conversation with their dad. Or that they smoked together. Maybe that could be a moment just for Dean and his father.
"Don't!" Dean glowered at his boyfriend and so Castiel stopped, too terrified to do anything.
They left the dishes, said they would do them tomorrow. Dean disappeared to his room first, while Sam and John remained seated. Dean knew that John would question Sam. If he saw him, whether he was really where he was supposed to be. He just laid on his bed, staring at the white ceiling.
"I don't think you're crazy." Castiel said firmly, shaking his head lightly, and Dean felt his right hand twitch. His heart was beating fast and hard. It almost hurt, was almost unbearable.
And so it was okay.
"Do you really think that's a good idea?" Cas asked skeptically as he picked Dean up.
"I'd like to know why you do it, but I don't think or expect you to tell me." Castiel continued.
"Yeah." he answered without looking up. "Took the bus for the first time."
And now that the adrenaline was slowly leaving him, he hit the ground of reality. He felt every wound, every word that hurt. He realized what he had said, what his father had said.
Dean closed his eyes, trying to get used to it. Cas was careful and when Dean opened his eyes again, he actually had to laugh slightly.
And Dean hoped he knew that. He hoped everyone knew that.
Dean laughed briefly and looked back at Cas, who was just shooting a ball into the goal.
An hour later they made pancakes. Cas wasn't as good as his grandma, but Dean could live with it. And only when Dean snuggled up behind him he noticed the scars on Castiel's back and shoulder. There weren't many and you couldn't see them immediately, but Deam saw them.
For about a week Dean and Cas were together. In their own little world. They spent a good amount of time together, either in person or on the phone. Dean wanted to spend every second of his fucking day with this boy, and it looked like Cas was the same.
"Bathroom."
"Of course." Cas nodded and Dean leaned down to slowly kiss him. Casput his hand on Dean's neck. And for a while, they just made out. A while that could go on forever.
Maybe it was a part of healing. Maybe it could help Dean heal.
Cas still was quite and Dean knew it was his turn to go, because there was no going back.
"I would never leave you. I wouldn't do this to you." Sam's voice broke while he said it and it hurt Dean. It broke his heart, but he needed to get himself together now.
Dean nodded in understanding. It was the same as the roof that was a safe place for him and Sam. Just like in Kansas an abandoned parking lot was a safe place for Dean for one night.
"I can see that when you win against him in Mario Kart." Dean tried to laugh and Sam grinned proudly. Dean knew that Cas always let Sam win. He was pretty sure Sam new as well.
"I dont know." Dean mumbled and looked up. His vision was blurry and he immediately tried to swallow the lump in his throat. "Sam is in the hospital. I don't know why. I have to go there. I don't know where it is, do you know where-" Dean babbled without taking a breath.
"Dean, please get out, you'll get another heat stroke." Sam begged.
No matter how much Dean actually hated his life situation, he still helped John and Sam with the house. He had been trying to stay stubborn for a few days, but then felt like an stupid asshole. So he played along.
He ran his thumb over the back of the older one's hand and it felt okay.
"I can sleep at someone else's place." Dean said immediately, without really thinking about it. "You should stay here."
"Made sure you don't do it, obviously."
"A few months ago, I told you that someday I'll tell you what happened." Dean explaind and Cas moved closer,  started to nod.
Dean hoped, no seriously thought, that they would go in and Sam would sit in a room and explain to Dean right away what was actually going on.
"Do you mind?" he asked, although he certainly knew that he had already won.
It was John, so of course Dean picked it up. The only thing that was on his mind was that he probably just wanted to know if he was okay, because he wasn't home yet. Fair question considering that Dean hasn't really been outside in ages. His father probably wanted to know if he should make dinner for Dean too, or if he would stay out longer.
"How can you eat pancakes without me?" he heard Cas and looked up. He stood in the doorway and looked at Dean with a exaggerated frown.
"You never said anything about that."
"What was going on?" he asked it as carefully as possible, because he didn't want to make Castiel feel like he needed to tell him anything. Cas looked at him, then at the floor. He ran his fingers through his dark hair, then he started playing with his fingers.
Of course, it was more than five minutes.
"Yeah." Cas nodded. "I mean, isn't that the big part of a breakup?"
Dean frowned confused and looked up at Cas, but he kept starring up.
"So you are friends now?" Sam teased and now Dean rolled his eyes, because he just couldn't help it. He saw Sam's cheeky little grin from the side. Dean was so fucking glad to see that grin and hear this tiny laugh. "Say thank you from me."
"Morning." Dean mumbled back and wanted to lean on something when reality hit him in the face. He was naked, in Cas' bed.
Dean had the ball, Gabriel wanted to take it from him and Dean fell down. Gabriel stumbled a few times until he also went down, which is why Dean only had to share the attention. To be honest, he was more than happy about it because his sleeve had slipped up slightly due to the fall. Dean managed to notice this early enough and quickly pulled the sleeve back down before anyone could see what was underneath.
They often just laid there, sometimes talked about everything and nothing at all. Sometimes they were just enjoying each other's presence. But last week they were both too happy to talk about their problems. Actually, Dean hoped they would never get to the point.
"Sammy, please." That was all Dean could say or do. He was ready to beg at this point.
However, after a while they managed to pack everything together and make their way home. They would repeat that, they made that clear. Maybe they would repeat that very often. Dean hoped they would.
From that moment on Dean knew that everything was just in his head. That it had only been so terribly loud to him while it was just a normal night to everyone else. And it was unfair.
"Home!"
"Are you feeling better after the stunt?"
"Why not? I always wanted to party with you." Dean said naturally as he tied his shoes.
Sam would wake up and realize what he had done. Dean knew how that felt and he hated to think that his little brother would soon know too.
Maybe he waited for the sun.
It had happened, there was nothing you could do about it, but it wasn't fucking okay.
Dean didn't say this out loud, though.
He wanted so fucking much and in that moment he was afraid he couldn't have it. He was scared that something would take it away from him or even worse. That he would take it away himself.
"What do you want to do instead? What you've been doing all along anyway? Hide in your long jeans and leather jackets?"
Slowly Dean tried to get up and crawl out of the tent without waking Cas up. In fact, Dean did it with some skilful moves.
He didn't want to look at his father nor the house. He wanted to close his eyes and forget he was here. He wanted to imagine a place that smelled like sugar.
"You are not a bad son." John said confidently and Dean sighed sadly. "Even though you think that about yoursel. I just think there's a lot going on in your head that you can't handle and we have to figure out what to do with."
"Who is we?" he asked while obviously looking past Castiel to the table that was still watching them. Castiel laughed caught, a little ashamed.
"The doctor said he's okay." John said instead in response to the question and even though it made Dean calm down a bit, Dean needed to know why they were sitting here in the first place.
"Me too."
When Dean woke up, it was already daylight. Cas was no longer in his bed and Dean sat up confused. He rubbed his eyes and ran through his hair. Cas probably already left for school.
"How?" Dean kept asking.
"What happened? Why are you so angry?" Cas asked worried.
And even though it was the worst timing possible, Dean wanted to kiss him.
"I'm not telling them, promise." Again Dean just nodded and Cas turned around, whereupon Dean got his bike and rode off.
He made it sound like he didn't care, like it was a normal thing that happens to everyone, while he was well aware that it wasn't. But Dean didn't say anything about it, because he would do the same.
Dean turned away and just stared into the distance. It was a little foggy.
And Dean realized that the stars had seen him when he was okay. He would have liked to ask them how he was back then, because he didn't really remember it. Maybe they could have told him where I failed.
As fast as it happened, it was already over.
Dean wondered if he was really that lucky. Cas was special, just perfect and Dean was just himself and broken. And yet Dean was here with Castiel fucking Novak.
As if his mind wouldn't allow him to feel happiness even for a moment. As if it asked him how he dared to be happy, with all the images and thoughts in his head.
Cas released smoke from his lungs and looked at Dean. Maybe they were closer than Dean thought at first. Physically and emotionally.
While there were a bunch of people in the house, Dean sat down on the sidewalk and stared at the street. For some reason it stopped smelling like hot chocolate or cotton candy. It smelled like cold and dust.
"It's the best thing in the world." He chuckled and buried his face even more in Dean's shoulder. "Don't argue with me about it."
"Everything." Dean mumbled. "How was that back then?"
"Me too." Sam said quitly and Dean could see how tears gathered in his little brothers eyes. Dean didn't see him cry for some time. It hurt, it always hurt. He didn't want to see it, but also he wanted his brother to break down so he would get it out of his system.
"I'm trying." Dean mumbled. "I don't do it as often as before, if that helps, but sometimes-" Dean realized that it was easier to talk when you didn't have to look at each other.
"Yeah, maybe your dad is right." Cas said a little annoyed and Dean clenched his teeth and tried to take a deep breath. "I'm worried about you." Cas said more serious again.
From that moment on, Dean realized how much he actually disguised myself from others. His mask said that he didn't need a babysitter. He would go home alone. Castiel knew that, though.
Somehow, Dean thought that Cas must know that.
"How are you?" Dean asked, well aware of the fact that he had delayed the question all day. He wanted to ask Sam in the right moment, when they were alone and the posibility of a honest answer was higher.
At lunch he sat alone again, watching Sammy for a while.
"I've often been to my grandparents, almost every weekend." Cas started and Dean adjusted to just listening for a while.
"Sure, why not? My first little apartment." Dean shrugged. They laughed briefly, but both knew they didn't find it funny. The situation was tense enough, why not at least try to relax. Dean ran his fingers through his hair trying not to make eye contact.
"I know, they always are." Dean said. He actually hoped they would have been nice to Sam, but Sam wasn't special to them. Sam was just another broken boy they had to fix.
"Don't ruin this for me." Sam replied and Dean laughed.
"You don't have to, Romeo. I can clearly see it. Just look at your red tomato face." Dean laughed and Sam slapped his shoulder.
Sam started shaking his head as if he wanted to say that this apology wasn't necessary. But it was, it really was. Because Sam had been strong for too long, while everyone around him was weak.
Dean enjoyed that no one asked unnecessary questions about his long clothes on a sunny day and it was really just about having fun. To be a teenager. Dean realized that he hadn't felt like that for a long time.
Maybe he realized from that moment that you wouldn't know everyone's story. That some stories just stop at some point and you can't even tell them anymore because you don't even know them.
"We could go camping." Cas suggested and Dean looked up."Forget everything for a while. I used to go camping all by myself, now the difference is we're not alone."
He looked at Sam and smiled at him briefly, wanting to show him that he was okay. Sam seemed to believe him.
They had a perfect house with a huge garden and Sam and Dean would drive around all the time, either on their bike or when Dean was old enough with the car. Sometimes Dean was out there the whole day just out with his friends. Often he would spent his days just with Sammy, driving to the nearest McDonalds and eating in their favorite sitting corner.
After a beer later, they both laid side by side in the field. It was warm, but you could tell that the warm weather was coming to an end. It was dark, there were many stars in the sky.
"It helps you." Cas simply said.
Sam took a sharp breath and looked up at the stars. Dean's eyes were still fixed on the road.
When he felt Cas' hand on his dick, it almost seemed like it was too much.
His legs carried him through his room, from end to end. He didn't remember when he got up. Dean clenched his hands in his hair and pulled at them. It felt like his whole body was shaking. His first intuition was to climb out the window and smoke, but he wouldn't be able to do that.
After a while Dean sighed and straightened up, whereupon Cas looked at him a bit confused. Dean dropped down onto one of the pillows next to him, stared at the ceiling. Cas looked at him.
"I love you." Dean heard Sam say, whereupon he closed his eyes and hugged him even tighter. Dean couldn't say anything, his brain had too much work to do. Sam didn't expect him too.
"I'm here, I won't leave you alone. You're not alone, I promise." Cas promised, because he needed Dean to know that.
"All right, I make sure that he gets here. Do you want to eat something? Do you need anything?" John asked worried, but Dean shook his head.
"How are you?" Sam asked after a while and Cas looked away from the window.
"Where you sad because of your mom?" Dean asked quietly, still staring at the ceiling.
After a while, Sam nodded slightly, whereupon he stood up and Dean slowly followed suit.
Dean was here, with Cas, in his basement. Very, very far away from everything bad. And somehow that calmed him down, even if it was only for a second. The world kept turning, bad things were still happening, but right now, Dean was with Cas.
"I don't." he replied coldy.
John probably hoped that Dean would get interested in this house, but he couldn't care less.
He was shaking to hard and he was way to cold already and he didn't had the power to climb out of his window right now. It hurt too much, way too much.
When Cas met Dean's prostate, it was unexpected and he groaned, arching his back, pressing his eyes shut even more. A few seconds later, there were three fingers that opened him up and repeatedly stroked his sweetspot.
"I'm sorry." he started and John frowned for a moment. "I'm sorry that I'm probably the worst son you could ever wish for. That I'm so fucking exhausting and don't even try to deal with you and your bullshit. And no, I'm don't feel better after the stunt."
"That's a problem too. You can't do that forever." John said in a calm determined voice.
"How do you feel?" Sam asked the counter question and Dean realized it was time to be honest to each other.
They sat in silence next to each other. Dean wanted to say something, but he couldn't find the right words yet. It was all so damn fucked up. His whole family was just fucked up. It had been too good, apparently.
"What do you want to know?" Cas sounded so gentle and caring and Dean didn't know if it was just because it was late and they tried to be quiet or because he was just like that.
"You should eat something."Sam said instead and Dean swallowed hard. Dean leaned his head back until he met the wall and just breathed for a few moments. It still hurt, but it was bearable. Not as bad a it was tonight.
"Here you are." Dean heard Cas' voice and turned his head a little so he could see him come near.
"You scared the shit out of me." Cas finally said and it sounded like a confession. As if he'd thought a thousand times before saying it. It sounded bitter, but still not mad.
Suddenly the doorbell rang andSam and Dean looked at each other with a frown. After a few seconds, Sam put his plate aside and quietly walked to the door.
"Good morning." Cas murmured in a sleepy voice and Dean couldn't help smiling. He sounded hot when he had just woke up.
At home, before they moved here, he was able to talk to his family for hours. And today it was difficult for him to form three sentences at all. Because there was nothing to talk about. As if Dean wanted to keep everything with him, where it was safe.
"Sorry if I forced you to get up." Cas laughed after he entered the house. Dean closed the door.
"You're good for each other." Gabe mentioned and Dean shrugged. Dean still didn't believe I could do Cas any good. "You look better than when you first came here."
Dean said none of this. He did not fight back. He simply nodded
"He's okay, Dean."
"You smoke, right?" Cas suddenly asked. Dean frowned, but didn't answer. "I wasn't sure, but I think I saw a pack in your room."
Dean didn't even know where his thoughts were. He was thinking all the time, before he could grab a thought, the next one was already coming and it was too much and it was exhausting. If he managed to pause for a second, he wondered what he was thinking about, but didn't know.
Their father was still standing at the front door and looked at Dean, whereupon he nodded and smiled slightly. After that Dean looked to the kitchen door and his mind expected someone to come out of it, but it didn't happen.
He wanted to stay here, with Cas.
At some point, of course, it didn't matter. Probably everyone had just given up on stopping Sam. But Sam was still making a secret thing out of it, something for him and Dean. John would get fake upset about it tomorrow and it would make them feel like the good old times for a few seconds.
Sam knew it, too.
Someday.
Then he saw how the guy pulled something out of his jacket.
"Really?" Dean asked carefully.
"Hey, both of you!" They suddenly heard Sam's voice behind then. Dean closed his eyes.
John wanted to say something, looked confused for a moment, until he realized what Dean meant. John's gaze wandered over Dean's arms, which were thankfully covered by a gray hoody.
"Understandable." Dean nodded. "How long have you been together?"
"Thanks." Dean took it slowly, whereupon he took a step into the room. Cas smiled warmly.
"Are we awake?" She asked gently with a slight smile when she saw that Dean was looking at her.
The mask, Dean was wearing the whole time, had fallen in the forest and Cas would see more and more of him. Dean just realized that. Was it stupid of him? What is it good?
He heard the last sentence in her voice and he looked at Sam who smiled sadly. It was true. It had to be.
Sam had brought his sheets to Dean's room and threw them carelessly on my bed. Sam stole a bag of chips, they ate it, they went to bed. He had asked if Dean was alright and Dean lied, saying yes. Cas, over text, asked exactly the same and Dean had given him the same answer.
"Yeah, I know. I think he just wanted a men's night with his fourteen-year-old grandson."
"I'm not a chain smoker or anything." Dean tried to defend himself and Cas just nodded. "Every now and then, if I feel like it."
However, Dean was just at the point where the purpose of a house wasn't important to him. He stood in the room where he would live soon. As if nothing ever happened. The house was redeveloped, new flooring, new walls - Dean heard how his father told him all this, but his memory put all this information in a drawer that was very unimportant to him.
Dean knew that Sam knew. Sam had probably noticed that something was wrong. Maybe he had already noticed it during the night, Dean didn't remember. It didn't matter anyway, Sam had questioned their father until he knew what had happened.
Sam eventually disappeared, expecting Dean to go to bed as well. Dean wanted to, he wanted this stupid day to fucking end. He laid there, staring at the ceiling. His thoughts ran again in all possible directions.
Dean wanted to cry.
He helped to paint Sam's room, and both of them ended up painting each other more than the actual walls. Meanwhile, John built up the most necessary furniture, so they had a halfway furnished house before the first day of school and work.
"Stay."
had always made it. With the small marshmallows on top
Dean, of course, had no idea who it was. But it was a guy. Although it felt like Dean shouldn't even have that information, he was glad he did, because it made Castiel a lot more interesting.
Dean didn't dream. It was a lonely, dark sleep.
Dean raised his eyebrows.
It was Cas.
It was the first time Dean smoked in front of his father.
It was okay and Dean closed his eyes and just let it in. Je was falling and couldn't do anything except hope that he wouldn't hit the hard ground but that Cas would catch me. Dean trusted him.
"You're an idiot." Cas said while looking down
Dean felt safe when he was here. When Cas was just around. It felt like he could hide from all the pain, just for a fucking moment. Cas would protect him, not let the pain take him.
"I'm sorry, Sammy. Please, don't be mad at me, please, I don't-" Dean started begging, but his little brother interrupted me, pulling him into his arms. Sam hugged him close, but Dean couldn't move.
"Something about you." Dean whispered, while he drew patterns on his leg, around Cas' hand.
Dean could do nothing for a moment but look at him in shock. His mouth was slightly open and he felt so sorry for a kid he barely knew.
Dean himself felt the tiredness slowly catching up with him.
Dean thought that he could never give Cas back the happiness he gave him. And often when Dean thought about it, he was sorry. When Dean was with him and saw that he was smiling and they were fooling around together, he wasn't as aware of it as when he was alone in his room, while everything was quite around me.
It was an open secret anyway.
"You need help, Dean. That's nothing bad. I don't think bad about you. I would like to say that I understand you, but I don't. I don't know how it is or was for you and to be honest I don't want to know, because you're not the same anymore since it happened."
"I know." Cas nodded slightly and Dean swallowed hard. "Keep talking."
Cas gently squeezed his hand and smiled.
"What?" It immediately bursted out of Dean. He didn't know if he wanted to know why. His father didn't answer as if he was waiting for another reaction. "Dad, why? What's going on? What hospital?"
"I hate you."
The day after Christmas, Cas' grandparents made them a present: they left and so Cas was alone at home.
"Why are you doing that?" Cas pointed to Dean's arms, then to the pack of cigarettes. "I don't wanna know your story, not if you don't wanna tell it. Why do you do
It all felt so hard to bear.
"Cas doesn't look like he has a punching bag." Sam said and Dean laughed lightly, because yes, Cas doesn't.
John looked at his son and swallowed hard. Dean never started such conversations on his own.
It was a quiet, pleasant summer night.
"Can I go home?" He asked tiredly.
"I just wanted it to stop for a second. I'm sorry, Dean, I'm so sorry."
"I think he will be good for you." Sam said after a while.
And actually nobody asked any questions. No one, not even Castiel, tried desperately to get him to talk.
At some point their friends knew about Cas and Dean. Of course they knew, they were horrible at hiding. But they never said anything about it. They just left it. As if it had just always been that way.
. For a fraction of a second, Dean stared at his arm until he pushed it reflexively under the blanket.
"Why not?" John asked as if he didn't know the answer.
"What's going on in your life, though?" Dean suddenly wanted to know. Probably it was because the silence was starting to suffocate him, but he also noticed that he knew nothing about Castiel. Except who his friends were, where he lived and that he was maybe gay.
Cas didn't like that though. Because of course Cas know that something was wrong with Dean. That h got worse and tried to hide it.
Cas wasn't angry. Dean would be better if hCas was angry, because now he just sounded hurt and disappointed. Dean was too and, god, he was so desperate.
It felt like Dean was getting a panic attack and Cas probably noticed that. Dean noticed that he thought a long time before he talked and hesitantly looked back and forth, until he put his hand very slowly on Dean's knee.
Dean opened his eyes. For a moment, he just looked at his father, but showed no reaction. Sam had drunk too much. That was something banal, it didn't really matter. He was fourteen, maybe some of his new friends had the possibility to get something and did so.
He wished he could change it. That he could change everything. He just wanted to go back. Back, back, back.
Dean didn't answer, so his silence became the answer.
"Hey, pretty boy." Dean grinned and Cas' face relaxed, while he rolled his eyes.
"Fuck, Cas!" he groaned.
His parents divorced when he was six and since then it has been the same. His father came on holidays and when he turned fourteen, he flew alone to Europe to visit him.
"My dad?" Cas asked, and Dean nodded.
"I don't know if this is a good idea."
The room had already darkened a lot and Dean was grateful to Cas, because he didn't turn on the lights. Dean would see him through the glass and it would make everything more unbearable.
John was sleeping on the couch in the living room, so Sam and Dean locked themselves in the kitchen. Dean really didn't want to, but he tried to eat something. For Sam. He didn't want anyone to worry about him any more.
He started to go school again and catching up on all the stuff he had missed, while Cas of course helped him.
He stood there as Dean ran towards him.
"I won't let you go alone." Cas insisted and Dean rolled his eyes and continued his trip home.
Cas got up quickly and went to his dresser where he seemed to be looking for something. Dean knew what he was looking for and shit, this excited him. It got him smiling for a moment. Dean shivered slightly and he didn't know if it came from the now subconscious fear or just the fact that he was really horny and couldn't wait to get fucked by Cas.
John and Dean went home in the evening. It was a quiet car ride, but not as unpleasant as the last one the two had spent.
The ride didn't seem long to him; he was too stuck in his little head. He didn't realize where he was going, where he was driving along. In fact, in retrospect, he would wonder how he had managed not to get run over.
"Can't wait, huh?" At any other moment, Dean would have said something cheeky or joked, but not this time. Dean couldn't wait, he wanted him, right now.
For a few seconds Dean had looked after him before turning to the house, which he hated so much. It was weird to come home alone, without Sammy being there. In Kansas they were alwaays together. At that time he had taken care of Sam and not the other way around. It had changed too fast.
When Dean turned to look at Sam, he just smiled dreamily while looking up at the stars. Dean smiled, almost reassured that at least something was going well with Sam. Because that was a bit of normality in their lives.
"It doesn't matter." Dean didn't want to go into that and so Cas left the topic go too.
"From that moment on, I lived with them and made their lives hell for a few months. You know, binge drinking, sneaking out all the time, skipping school, yelling at everyone and everything. Balthazar loved it and encouraged it. That guy was pure chaos. Like the world was shit to me, now I'm allowed to shit on it too, yes, that's what it was back then."
If they didn't believe in it anymore, Cas had to do it for them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Two weeks later, Dean was at school. It was the first lesson and he honestly didn't believe that he would attend. Actually Dean had planned to stay in bed and never leave the house again. He was hurting too much. But here he was, sitting in the last row, alone, staring at his desk as the class waited for the teacher to enter the room.
Someday.
When John and Sam returned, Dean just slept.
"Why the fuck not?!" Dean screamed, getting more pissed off by the second.
"Do you have your cigarettes with you?" His father asked casually and Dean looked at him with a frown, trying to look like he didn't know what John was talking about. "I know you are smoking. Give them to me."
When Cas walked over to their house to check on Dean, Sam had briefly told him that Deam was okay. Only very sad but Sam was certain that he would be able to cope again someday. He only needed time.
He didn't remember how he got in the car. Whether his father had helped him or he had dragged himself there all by himself. Dean remembered coming out of the room and John talking to a doctor, but he didn't know what about. It was as if his brain had blocked it all out.
While she was teaching Dean a lesson he was absolutely not interested in, he noticed how all the other students were staring at him. At least he provided some variety in this boring English class. He ignored Castiel's look.
In fact, they managed to keep playing normally for a few more rounds until Gabriel and Michael decided to go home. They had to catch a bus and Benny joined them. The three left the square, leaving Dean and Castiel alone.
"Yeah?"
"I would like to go to parties with you." Dean honestly said. He hadn't been to a party for too long.
"I think we have to pack up the tent." Cas interrupted Dean's train of thought.
Before Dean could continue his panicked train of thoughts, he felt the other boy's lips and it was okay. Everything was so okay.
Cas was warm and it calmed Dean down. He didn't realized it before but he was shaking a bit.
His dad was nice, smiled at Dean and just asked him about school and some future plans. It was clear to Dean that Cas had prepared him for the questions he was okay to ask, and which not.
They always got each other.
John got out and slowly opened Dean's door, whereupon he helped him get out. When Dean's legs were firmly on the ground, John slowly dragged him into the hallway of their house. After that Dean remembered running into the kitchen and puking into the sink. He started crying and fell to the ground.
"What works for you then?" John asked, and Dean was so close to saying that nothing would help him. There was nothing in the world that would help him. Dean gave up months ago. But he couldn't tell his dad, right?
Dean frowned confused.
Although Dean had lost contact with so many. In fact everyone, but he would have picked it up again if he had felt better. Now he was sitting here and Dean didn't know if he would ever feel better and if so, what he would do then.
"Do you need anything?" his friend asked and Dean shook his head slightly, watching Cas as he sat on his bed. Dean took a deep breath and set his backpack down on the floor, whereupon he sat down next to Cas.
She was hanging from the ceiling of their office.
"At the beginning I was afraid that you didn't mean this seriously, you know. When we were camping." Cas confessed.
Dean slowly crawled out of his bed and walked towards the desk, whereupon he took the book with a careful hand movement and opened it, on this one specific page.
"Don't force yourself." Castiel repeated and Dean closed his eyes. "You don't have to tell me or anyone else, just because people want you to. I mean-"
"My dad and my grandparents like, so she doesn't matter." Cas said but Dean knew that he lied, but I didn't want to keep pushing him. Maybe he was like Dean and just tried to push that fact out of his life. "Who needs someone in their life who kicks them out at fourteen after their stepfather beats them up, am I right?"
"Need a punching bag?"
, Dean thought.
Dean thought that it was too perfect. That he should have known.
"That it would make you sadder?"
"Do you really want to do this forever? Do you really see that as a solution?" Dean swallowed hard.
"We moved. We used to live in Kansas and now, please don't ask any questions, okay?" Dean realized too late how desperate he sounded. He hated it, but the words were already spoken.
Dean went up to John, pushed him against the wall and then held him right there. Cas could swear he heard the wall cracking.
"It depends on the situation, I guess."
"Yeah, but the food there is shit." Sam rolled his eyes and Dean nodded in agreement.
Castiel disappeared shortly thereafter. When Dean had closed the front door behind him, Sam was already standing in the hallway. He looked confused, he probably was, but he also smiled a little.
"Go away." Dean muttered and tried to hide more under his blanket.
He was still standing at the door. Actually, he was still holding the doorknob. Sam just wanted him to be in the house, he didn't have to be in this room.
