"Sorry, we don't have to do this if you don't want to." He said, placing a chaste kiss on Steve's thigh.
"What could be a good thing about this whole mess." Just then a bag was placed next to him that came from one of his favorite burger places. His eyes widened and he followed the arm that belonged to none other than Steve Rogers. The blonde had this happy aura around him that seemed to radiate to Tony, that smile on Steve's face that sent Tony's stomach into a fit of somersaults, and those beautiful ocean blue eyes that sparkled with energy that he loved to stare into so much.
, Tony!" He moaned. He reached down and wrapped a hand around himself, but it was quickly swatted away by the genius. Steve whimpered and looked up, noticing the smirk plastered on Tony's face.
Slowly but surely, time moved on and he was starting to get restless. He tossed and turned in various ways, and the small grumbling sound of his stomach was not lost on his super-enhanced hearing. Actually, he forgets what a proper meal is since he has had nothing but whatever slop they had tried to give him at the raft.
"That's a r-risk I'm willing t-to take." T'Challa smiled at him for a brief moment, telling him to meet him outside in a few minutes just shortly after before walking away from him. It gave him some time to think to himself, mainly about what he was going to do after he got Tony back.
"I'll be sure of that."
Steve was going to be ok, and he couldn't be happier.
"I think you'll find that I'm not a very patient person,
Everything was moving in a blur, the scene disappeared and everything kept changing. I watched myself sit in a hospital bed after hospital bed, watching myself slowly but surely come close to death. I was so sick back then, and any one of those visits to the hospital could have killed me. Any single one of those diseases could have ended my life, but my mom kept working day in and day out, making sure I could live to see the next day.
He finally got to Fury's office no a moment later, his hand reaching for the doorknob and finding the door locked.
"Peggy was very special to me, I loved her very much. She had this fiery personality about her that just attracted me to her, and I wanted to hold her and cherish her. When we kissed I wanted to kiss her again and I was ready to spend my life with her. You," he trailed off, looking Tony straight in the eye, smiling brightly and giving a low chuckle before speaking again, "you're special, too. I like the way you ramble, I could listen to you for hours and not tell you to shut up. I like that we have things in common, and I like that despite the facade you put on for everybody else, deep down inside you have a heart made of gold, and you care about people. If only people actually knew the real you that I do, they would see what I see." The smile on Tony's face reached his eyes, and it did something to Steve. He wanted to see it more, and the thought intrigued him. Tony was different compared to Peggy, but there were also some similarities. Where Peggy had wavy brown hair that rested gently on her shoulders, soft to the touch, Tony's hair was a little more curly, mixed with oil grease due to working in the lab for countless days and nights. Where Peggy was graceful, mixed in with a fiery personality and hands also soft and gentle to the touch, Tony was more flamboyant, sarcastic, loud, and cunning, his hands were calloused and rough, but Steve didn't mind that.
"That means..." His eyes widened as he heard the click of a gun being loaded behind him. He froze in place, his hands shaking as he sat there, fear gripping his body, refusing to let him move.
It was the fact that he was frozen in ice for nearly seventy years that caused him to not only shudder at the mere thought of anything that reminded him of the cold, but he also preferred to take really hot showers to remind himself that he wasn't back in the ice, that this wasn't all a sick twisted nightmare and he was actually still encased in the ice. Although he doubts that would be the case, he still hated the cold.
Love makes us do a plethora of stupid things; whether they're logically understandable, or just done simply out of idiocy, we do it because we love someone dearly.
"Oh, by the way," he stared, causing Tony to look over at him, "to answer your question of when was the last time I smiled, it was when we had a team movie night. That was probably the last time I was ever happy."
"No, I don't think so J. Now if you'll excuse me, I got a date tonight."
"I want to accept I feel something for Steve, I do accept that I feel something for him. But what if I hurt him again? How can I live with myself if I hurt him when I just wanna make him happy?"
His eyelids fluttered open, blue eyes exposed to the sun's rays filtering the room, and the same all-white room he's woken up to as usual. Although, there was something different in his room. He noticed his sketchbook sitting on the dresser next to him, and it confused him. He doesn't remember ever having it here, nor does he remember grabbing it yesterday. He also doesn't remember falling asleep on his bed either, he's sure he passed out from crying on the cold, hard, white tiled floor, instead of the bed.
He was scared of commitment, and by God did that word make his skin crawl in all the wrong ways. It was so easy to just have sex whenever he wanted back then, to just not care about being tied down. It changed at first with Pepper, because their love was strong, and she changed him just a little bit. But he could never see himself with her fully because his life was too dangerous and he couldn't constantly put her through the anxiety of waiting to find out if he'll come home alive or dead. Then he saw Steve in a brand new way; like the man had this aura radiating from him that just sparked a flame inside his chest that he didn't know was there.
The elevator dinged and the doors open, his feet stepping out of the metal container and towards the kitchen. He looked down again at himself and noticed the bandage wrapped around his arm, as well as the vibrant visible pink he saw on his wrist. He sighed to himself and soon found himself in the kitchen, but he stood frozen as his eyes gazed upon the figure sitting at the table.
"I wanted to thank you for letting me sleep in your room. I know it's off-limits just like your lab, and you've accommodated me both times because I didn't wanna be alone... So I wanted to do something nice after being a bother."
"You know how you were so worried about whether or not you'd see me again, that you didn't know whether I'd be alive, or I'd die on my next mission?"
"Holy fuck, Steve," he groaned, lost in pure ecstasy due to Steve's mouth. Steve held down Tony's hips so he wouldn't buck as he went down on him, hallowing his cheeks on the way down, sucking hard enough to draw out loud moans from the genius. Tony arched his back off the bed, letting pleasure take control of his body as Steve's surprisingly experienced mouth drew him closer and closer to the edge. He admits that the guy is a great kisser, despite only having kissed one person, but the fact that he was here, right between Tony's legs, sucking him off expertly as if he's done this before shocked him. "S-Steve wait." He managed to say. The pressure on his cock subsided, and a pop sound could be heard. He looked up, and the sight in front of him made him both blush, and turn him on more.
Another memory fragment appeared in his mind, a time where Steve had shyly shown Tony what was inside his sketchbook. It took a lot of persuasion from the genius to even get Steve to agree in showing him, because as Steve put it: "an artist doesn't just draw what's on their mind, it's not just simple lines, it's emotions in every stroke of a pencil or a brush, every color that's inserted onto a paper or canvas conveys different thoughts and feelings. Every piece of art holds sentimental value; it's our deepest thoughts, emotions, secluded into one or multiple pieces of art. It's not easy to show people what we draw." He's glad that Steve showed him what was inside because it was true beauty etched into every paper and every line.
sorry for what he did. It shouldn't have had to come to this for him to finally receive the touch he's been longing for, but he's been hurting for so long. He's been craving this blonde for far too long, and Siberia was just the turning point that made his emotions turn a complete one-eighty on him. He lets out a choked sob, resting his palm on the back of the hand that caresses his cheek, his lips kissing the soldier's palm.
He thought to himself. Yes life was very strange for Tony, he got the Arc Reactor in his chest from a cave in Afghanistan, thanks to a terrorist organization known as the Ten Rings, made the first Iron Man suit, dated Pepper, mutually broke up with Pepper; well more of less she broke up with him, but it hurt less to say they did it mutually. He really couldn't blame her, and despite the break up they were still best friends, he's just glad she's happy and understands that his life is too dangerous for her, and she'd rather feel safe, or at the very least not have to worry about whether Tony is going to die or not. He gets it, he really does, but it still hurts a little to this very day. If only he were different, or better, or maybe even-
"These are fresh, so they couldn't have gone far. I just don't know how far we're going to get before we lose it." Clint said. Tony wasted no time in following the tracks, Jarvis highlighting them as the others followed.
"Even if this turns out to be a ghost story?"
"And you do?"
"Steve!" Tony yelled. "Steve, if you can hear me please say something!" It was a long shot, but there had to be a way he could pinpoint a location where he was since the tracks were starting to get covered by snow. It was proving to be useless as there was no sound coming back to him except his own voice. But, then he heard something in the distance. It filled him with hope as he tried to call his name again. "Steve!"
"Nat," Tony said softly. She stared at Clint for a little bit longer, the feeling of unshed tears threatening to spill over. She wiped them away and turned towards Tony, a small sad smile on her face.
"Oh baby," the genius cooed in his ear, "don't worry, it'll be all over soon." Steve's scared blue eyes kept his focus on Tony who slowly stood up. The pain coursed through his body, the serum doing its best to work as fast as it could, but as he stared, he saw the gun in Tony's hand coming for his head, making contact and knocking him on the floor. Dark spots danced around his vision, his hair damp with what he assumed to be his own blood, his eyelids heavy. As he blacked out, he saw the genius come closer to him, a hand gently caressing his cheek again, and the feeling of his body being picked up.
"Guess we'll needa do something about that." He whispered to himself. From the back of his suit, a small square compartment comes off and hovers next to his head, two out of twelve shock missiles at the ready. They aren't designed to kill, and he could totally swap them if he wanted to, but they're designed to simply send an electric impulse throughout the body that temporarily leaves them with paralysis.
"God."
"Wouldn't put it past him, but he should still be on Asgard. I'll contact his brother later, I'm sure he-", his sentence was cut short when his ears picked up the faint sound of yelling in the distance. He cast his gaze on two stretchers being pushed, various S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors rushing off towards the medical wing. He squinted his eyes, and the faint sight of reddish-orange hair flashed before him. He gasped and his body had a mind of its own, his feet leading him towards the medical wing.
"You can ask about it, but I don't wanna talk about my father. Asshole never did anything good for me in my life, so I have nothing good to say about him. I would also like to not ruin your good image of him."
"I assure you, Mr. Stark, I did no such thing." Fury walked his way past Tony, sitting back down at his desk, hands clasped together as he looked at the fuming genius standing there in the middle of the room. God, if Tony didn't have such a tight lid on his emotions that were swirling inside his chest, he would've strangled the man right then and there.
Before he knows it the Quinjet touches the ground, and the hangar door opens. He stands up and walks out of the Quinjet, feet touching the familiar grassy, solid soil of the Wakandan plains he's so familiar with. He remembers coming here and bringing Bucky to T'Challa, who was so willing to help him, help Bucky.
"I want to know what your life was like
"I think I've got everything pieced together Brucie Bear, so no need to worry about that."
He locked himself away in his lab, forgetting the necessities of life; food, water, sleep, all three foreign concepts to him that he couldn't quite grasp as he spent day after day working on upgrades for his suit and the other Avengers. He wasn't willing to admit that he missed the days when Pepper would drag him out of his lab and force him to drink something other than coffee, or go to sleep, or even eat, because it was so much easier to stay in his safe space, surrounded by his creations that wouldn't harm him, and in a way understood him. They wouldn't judge what he was doing; and even if Jarvis on occasions did scold him and suggest that he should step out of the lab, the AI at least made sure he was in good health, and if things got bad the other Avengers would be notified.
It was the way he said his name that made him falter. It sounded like he was pleading, but it was so soft that it was more so of a whimper. He didn't care though, because his heart was already aching, and his feet were already moving towards him. He knelt, and once more found himself looking at how pale and pained Steve looked, how his forehead started to break out into a small sweat. He couldn't sit there and do nothing this time. He wasn't going to act as if this was ok, because it's not. So, he acted with his heart rather than his mind.
He sighed to himself and reached forward, holding Tony's hand in his like he always did. He leaned forward and pulled Tony's hand closer to his lips, kissing the back of it. He didn't say anything, he didn't beg or plead, didn't cry or scream, but instead, he simply rested his head on the bedsheets, cheek pressed firmly down as his eyes fluttered closed. He was worried, absolutely worried that Tony might not wake up, but just for tonight he was going to forget about all his worries, forget about the "what if's" and the nagging negativity in the back of his mind, for now, he was just going to close his eyes and sleep next to Tony, just like he's always done since he was taken to the hospital.
"I like the way you ramble, but you should know that what you're describing is some idea of a perfect person that doesn't exist."
"I love you, Tony. I love you so much. Please don't leave me..." Steve pleaded. He rubbed Steve's back, comforting the taller male.
He watched Steve open his mouth, but then shortly close it after. It hurt so much to see this once confident man so scared to speak, to use his own voice because it's too different for him now. But Steve opened his mouth again and said: "W-Wak-Kanda."
for company, he didn't feel alone.
"I'll see you later alright, miss you."
"I'll make it up to you, just try to relax and enjoy the movie," Steve whispered to him. He turned his head to look at Steve, taking in the way his bright smile reached his eyes seemed to calm down the whirlwind of fury that was close to being spewed in the living room.
"Cap," Natasha yelled, drawing his attention towards her, "we're coming up on our destination in fifteen minutes." He nodded his head at her and turned back towards Tony. "You ready?"
"Hey there." He said softly into Tony's ear, sending a shiver down his spine.
It shouldn't have affected him, but just hearing it once more after so long of the genius not calling him that brought back everything. It was morbid, in a way. It was like his own form of torture, and once again the serum could do nothing to heal his broken heart, nor his broken mind. It couldn't take away the tear sliding down his cheek, dripping down onto the white floor he sat on, and it couldn't stop the memories from overloading his brain.
"Alright, what did you find so far, Iron Man?" Steve asked.
He felt arms wrap around his waist, causing him to smile in response. He leaned his head back and rested it against the shoulder of the blonde, Steve's lips coming into contact with Tony's temple.
moment because they wanted each other. They wanted the other to know that the feelings they had were real, that their hearts beat only for each other, that just for now every bad thing will be forgotten, only to be talked about later. They didn't have to talk about the elephant in the room, they didn't have to break away just yet, they could just forget for now and love each other.
"F-Friday," he called out, voice just as shaky as his hands, "r-run diagnostics, please."
"Don't worry, your highness, I'll be back before you know it." He taps his chest and his nanoreactor activate, the little bots contorting to his body and encasing him in his Iron Man suit. He activates his thrusters, putting all the power he has into them, and takes off into the sky.
I could hear my breathing, ragged, I watched myself convulse on the hospital bed. It was too much to bear, I was so sickly back then, and so weak. Even now with the serum, even back then when I first got it, I was always weak. Maybe Tony was right, maybe I am really weak. I'm a laboratory experiment, a lab rat, everything special about me came out of a bottle...
"So why did you do it?" He suddenly asked.
"S-Steve please move! Oh, God, please fuck me!" The soldier felt the last bit of his resolve slip away at Tony's words, his hips starting to move back and forth slowly, the sound of Tony's moans hitting his ear, urging him to go faster. He placed bite marks on the geniuses neck, but at the same time, he still tried to hold back in fear of if he went too hard he could hurt Tony, considering he did have super strength. He controlled the strength he gave, but through Tony's begging, he sped up and went slightly harder. The room was full of names being moaned out loud, the sound of skin slapping against skin, pants of breaths released into the space between them, nails digging into the back of the blonde, teeth raking across the brunette's neck. They were in pure bliss, pleasure coursing through them until it spilled over, sending both men over the edge as they gasped loudly.
"I was only gone for a few minutes, babe." The soldier chuckled at his response, shaking his head and continuing to smile, blue eyes staring into brown ones.
"If you think about it, the Captain's strategic mind, mixed in with the fact he is our leader might be why they have him. If they can dispose of him then that would create chaos within the Avengers. They want to harm one of us, to get to all of us."
So he accepts the gentle, loving touch of the soldier because he's done with the hate. He's tired of the stubbornness, the pride, everything that has gotten in his way of just understanding, and accepting that Steve was
"You could say that." He replied.
Everything he's ever wanted, he's been given it- even if he's had to work for it, he's still gotten it. Although it comes with some complications, such as him either breaking it, forgetting about it, or plain out ignoring it. That's his downfall, and he acknowledges that the things he has now are easily able to be taken away because that's just equivalent exchange. Sometimes things are given for free without consequences, depending on what it is.
"Steve, don't you ever say that. You hear me?" Tony pointed his finger at the soldier. "That's a bunch of bullshit, you can never bother me. Now if you were Legolas, that's a different story. He's always hiding in the vents and bugging me, not to mention he's always with double agent."
"Tony," and the way he said his name was just
"Stark," his voice boomed from the megaphone, "I know you have Rogers, and I'm going to make this very clear. Either hand him over willingly, or we're going to have to blow apart this little compound of yours till we find him."
He grabbed the back of Steve's knees and held them up, lowering his face towards Steve's entrance. He released one of his legs, bringing his hand closer towards his entrance and teasing him with his index finger. He could visibly see the soldier stiffen, making him lookup.
"I want to." Steve closed the distance and his lips connected with Tony's, causing the geniuses' eyes to flutter shut in response. It was a chaste kiss, slow and gentle, Steve brushing his fingers on Tony's cheek, both participants smiling into the kiss. It felt similar to when he kissed Peggy. There was this uncontrollable warmth surging through his entire body. However, it was also vastly different. This wasn't a kiss that would end with a goodbye, and while Peggy's lips, just like everything else about her was soft, Tony's lips were just a little more chapped, a little bit cracked due to him probably biting them from nervousness, but that didn't stop Steve from enjoying the kiss.
was, that he actually would be able to get some sleep. He also didn't expect the collar around his neck to stop sending vigorous amounts of electricity throughout his body. Maybe Tony felt sorry for him- no, there's no way the genius would have stopped the collar out of pity for him. But that still doesn't explain why it suddenly stopped. It didn't really matter at this point, he had other things to think about.
I mean, he gets that he's done quite a few messed up things recently, but overall he isn't a bad guy. He also expected to see clouds, standing on top of them and noticing the blue sky all around him while the golden gates of heaven opened up for him, a sign that God has accepted him with open arms. Instead, that's literally what he didn't get.
, his brain started to fog. White flashes appeared before his eyes, and they were vivid, ghostly images of the world that have left him behind. It started slow, with just normal images of 1940's housing, the sidewalks full of busy people, kids playing in the streets, classical mundane things. Then they became more violent, and he felt his chest become tight. Flashes of Peggy came into view. Her beautiful, curly brown hair rested so perfectly on her strong shoulders, dressed in the army uniform that hugged her so well. Next, it was Bucky, hanging from that steel bar on the door of the train that was blown wide open, his hand stretched out for him to take as he leaned as far as he could. But he watched once more as Bucky was unable to grab his hand, and he plummeted to his death.
felt like a prisoner. It was ironically funny- escape from being a prisoner from one place, only to be a prisoner in another place. He sighed heavily and continued to look up at the ceiling, one hand behind his head, the other on his stomach, and one leg curled under the other, right below his kneecap.
"Let's not forget who's the guy who upgrades your shit so you can do the dangerous stuff you do."
"Oh, I'm not going to make it stop. You are." I felt something placed in my hand, it was small by the feel of it. Once he let go of my hair, I looked down at my hand and saw a scalpel, resting neatly in my palm. There was a burning ache where it sat, and I felt my fingers coil around it gently. "In case you're confused," Tony said, his hands working on the restraints, my eyes focusing on him as he kept talking, "since you want the suffering to end, I want you to end it yourself." I looked at him, not bothering to open my mouth or move once my wrists were finally free. He placed his hands on my cheek, a warm, sadistic smile on his face. "You love me right?" I nodded. "Then I want you to end your life for me. You can do that for me right?" I looked down at the scalpel, did I want this? My head was clouded in judgment, and as I let his words linger before I knew it, I brought the sharp edge and tip to my wrist, letting the blade work across my skin. I whimpered as I felt the immediate sting of pain against my wrist, blood pooling out of the wound.
"Yes, sir," the AI replied. A hologram appeared in front of him as the footage played out, he watched as Fury was quick to rush them out of his office, giving little detail about the mission. His eyes moved over to the other screens, another video footage of Fury minutes before the mission assignment.
"But I want to fix things. I want to make everything right."
"Because I'm not ready for him to see how fucked up I am, ok?" He sighed again and let his shoulders slump, a wave of tiredness washing over him. "I don't want him to leave, and if I tell him all about my daddy issues, then maybe he'll think I'm just saying bad things about his friend and we'll start an argument and we'll say more shit we don't mean and I... I just don't want the helicarrier incident to happen again." Her face softened, her arms uncrossed and she walked over to him, placing a hand on his shoulder.
"I'm weak!" I yelled, my eyes shut tight, my body writhing in pain. "I'm weak, Tony! I said it, please stop!" I pleaded. I felt water cascade down my cheek, and it was only then that I realized I was crying. I was in more physical pain than I could imagine, but that's not what broke me. It was the emotional pain that got me, it was the realization that the man I loved was hurting me, and he wouldn't stop no matter how hard I begged. Maybe I deserve this? Maybe I wasn't good enough for Tony and that I needed to be better so this wouldn't happen to me.
He first noticed that the scene around him was different, he was by himself and was no longer on the roof of the Triskelion. The second thing he noticed was that he didn't have his armor. The last thing he noticed was the area he was in was dim, barely lit except for the lights that shone above his head. His breath hitched and a lump formed in his throat when he realized where he was.
"No, no Steve I
"What?" The word shot out of his mouth, quick as a bullet. The genius rolled his eyes.
"Are you upset, too?"
"We did, but there's a little more we have to inform you of since we didn't originally figure this out until afterwards, and... It's worse than we thought." The way she faltered in her explanation made him uneasy. He shifted his weight from foot to foot, chewing on his bottom lip and scratching the back of his head, turning towards the door to look away from her.
This is the type of love he's always wanted; the mundane type of love where the mere thought or sight of your significant other gets the blood rushing, pumping through your heart, and coursing through your veins. It's not a sugary sickness that goes away, nor should it ever be compared to a drug. It's like a diamond; fragile yet so beautiful to the eye with the way it sparkles. It can either be protected or it can break with so much as a few mistakes, but even as the diamond shatters into pieces, its beauty is still there and just waiting to be picked up and cared for once again.
"You're a smart bastard, aren't ya?" Fury said behind him. He swallowed the lump in his throat, his head turning slowly to look at the man behind him. "Don't even think about turning your head, or I will shoot you."
"You," Tony said, mirroring his smirk. The soldier blushed more and pulled the genius closer to him, Tony's head resting on his chest. He was careful to not hold his side since he was healing, but that didn't stop him from gently rubbing it up and down, kissing the top of his head as he did so.
Before they knew it, the restaurant was already upon them. Steve held the door open for Tony, allowing him to walk through the door first before entering himself. The receptionist smiled at seeing them, wasting no time in showing them exactly where their table was. It was pretty weird for Steve, considering he was sure that you had to make reservations previous to the night you were planning out to eat. Unless...
He expected heaven to be a lot more... Well,
"You gonna tell me that what I said was harsh and reprimand me for it?"
to watch Star Wars and would take the time to watch it with Steve, but you can't exactly watch them out of order otherwise you would be confused and granted, if they started watching Star Wars it would take a while for them to finish. Much easier to get pop culture references from Star Trek first before touching the surface of Star Wars.
"Hey!" He said enthusiastically upon seeing Steve's face on the holographic screen portrayed from his Stark Phone.
The first instance wasn't really his fault. He made his decision, and in the end, he saved countless lives, including his first love; which died just a few months after this whole shit show happened. Ok, maybe his heart broke three times, because he lost her once, and then lost her again. He actually never suspected seeing her again after he put the plane in the water, he just expected he would have died from the impact itself, but alas that was not his destiny.
"If we hurt him? Oh, silly human, it is you who is hurting him at this moment. You seem to have forgotten that we can take on the forms of not just whatever we choose, but when it comes to damaging people such as your Captain, well, we choose to take on forms of those people they care about. And your boy toy certainly cares about you, which is why he's been reduced to nothing, realizing he's worthless. All thanks to you."
Peggy, Bucky, his mother, hell, even Howard was gone, and they only got to know each other for a few minutes before everything went to shit, but at least the man left an impression on him.
"Oh God, Tony do that again, please!" Steve begged, his breathing ragged and his voice needy. The genius smirked.
"Yeah. I know, I know," he said cutting Clint off before he could speak, "but Cyclops and I talked before you two got here in those stretchers of yours. We concluded that this version of Fury couldn't have possibly done that, because he makes sure to send some of his field agents to scout the area for potential danger, and
"You and I both know that you're weak, and it's because you're in love with me isn't it?" I didn't answer him, I refused to. He never made me feel weak, he always made me feel strong. The things I can do are because Tony has impacted my life greatly, I feel like he always makes me feel like I can do anything. I hissed and struggled as I felt a sudden pain in my abdomen area. I could feel my skin tear, the grip on my face getting tighter, his breath hot against my ear. "Say you're weak. If you love me, tell me you're weak and I'll stop." I forced myself to tolerate the pain, I wasn't going to admit to something I wasn't. I gasped as I felt nails dig in deeper, and I cried out when he let go of my face and dug his finger into the wound on my shoulder, forcing me to comply.
"We'll figure something out," he reassured her with a sad smile, "the guy in there is a tough son of a bitch, and he'll pull through. We'll all pull through. As for you, why don't you stick around? Maybe you could help?"
"Don't worry about it, I can always just infect Fury's little organization with viruses that'll take him years to get rid of. Actually," he looked off to the side, his lips slowly curling upwards into a sinister smile, his eyes sparkling with mischief, "that doesn't sound like a bad idea at the moment."
"You're no fun."
"I understand you're frustrated, believe me, I am too, but save the punching for later and just get through this first," Natasha whispered to him. He sighed heavily and nodded his head, her hands leaving his arms shortly after. He clicked his teeth with his tongue, glaring at this disgusting thing across from him.
"Tony," Steve cut him off.
"You're not gonna eat?" And he didn't expect Tony to actually stop halfway through his walk, but he did expect him to noticeably stiffen and nervously turn around.
It was short-lived, however, once he heard someone coughing behind them. So, he turned and saw the person who he hasn't seen in so long, the person who he's missed more than ever, but at the same time has felt a tad bit angered by. And he doesn't exactly know what to feel in this moment, but for now, he'll just listen to see what the genius has to say.
"I think I can trust him." Eyes turned to look at him, he swallowed the lump in his throat as he looked at the disbelief registered on Clint's face.
"Please," he begged, a sob bubbling past his throat and out his mouth, tears falling down his bearded chin and into his lap. "I just want you to know one thing." The ground got closer, and he didn't want to waste any time.
I would also like to say that, yes, there is an epilogue after this that I think you guys will enjoy, and that there will be a sequel to this story sometime in the near future. Other than that, I hope you enjoy all the other stories I will be posting- and also writing- for you to enjoy!
He stepped away from the screen, eyes darting around his workshop for anything to distract him from what was happening just a few yards away from his location. But there was nothing in his lab for him to do, and that was actually a first. He had no more gear- or rather had no gear to upgrade or tamper with since all his teammates were gone, and even if Rhodey visited from time to time, he was still out of commission due to him being unable to properly walk. He actually hasn't seen Rhodey in a while; and maybe it's for the best that his best friend hasn't been around because, well, he isn't exactly the most emotionally stable person right now, not to mention that he also is harboring a fugitive.
"Y-you know exactly w-where I'm g-going." And her smile grows in size.
"Hey! Hey, what's going on here?!" He pulled one of the doctors aside and asked.
"A nice homemade dinner, just the two of us. Clint and Nat are at S.H.I.E.L.D. right now, and Bruce won't bother us. So what do you say?" Tony inhaled a shaky breath, his body reacting to the way Steve's fingers left a blazing trail across his hips, the front of his jeans starting to get a little uncomfortable.
"Tasha? What happened?" He asked weakly.
He let Natasha be the one to pilot the Jet, not only because the world is still half blurry to him but because she was practically the expert at flying these things. It gave him time to think to himself once again, collecting his thoughts and emotions. He needed to be in control of his emotions and his thought process in case something bad happened to Tony. If he slipped up they might get ambushed, and he didn't want to put all of them in jeopardy.
He was able to get him onto the bed softly, on his side, pulling the blanket back so he could get Steve's legs onto the bed, before pulling the blanket over him up to his shoulder. It actually occurred to him that Steve didn't even bother to
He trusted him, and he had let this beautiful man that he loved so much get hurt. And the worst part of all is that he doesn't think, rather he
"Goddammit. I really need to learn to keep my mouth shut sometimes." He groaned.
The genius might have been over his head, but if there's anything he's good at besides being himself, it was always doing things in the heat of the moment, and they sometimes tended to work out. He stepped out into the broad daylight, Ross and his guards still there. The smug look on the secretary's face seemed to falter as the brunette came outside without Steve.
"-Eve?" It's static at first, but it makes him jump in his seat, his heart almost beating out of his chest. "Steve?" It comes out more clearly this time, and it causes him to smile.
"I think I'm enjoying how speechless you are, makes everything easier."
"H-he broke my f-fingers, Steve... He broke them." And Tony felt nauseous looking at his own bent and broken fingers. His thumb on his left hand dislocated and angled too far backward, the ring finger on the same hand twisted to the right just a little. On his right hand, his pointer finger was curved disgustingly upwards and his middle finger was bent downwards and slightly inwards. It was a horrible sight for both of them to witness, and Steve really felt for the genius.
die on me." He pleaded, his voice slightly hoarse. The first drop of Steve's tears hit Tony's cheek, and then the rest started to flow, dripping one by one. The brunette simply smiled, cupping the side of his face with his left hand, leaning up weakly to place a kiss on his lips before pulling away.
He kissed the top of Tony's head as the lights in the lab shut off, the glow of the Arc Reactor being the only light source between them. Steve smiled down as Tony's eyes closed and he started to fall asleep. The soldier placed one last kiss to Tony's lips before he, too, started to close his eyes, and drift off to peaceful slumber with a smile on his face, and his favorite genius next to him.
"Friday?" He spoke loudly over the thundering storm, water rushing down every part of his suit.
"No! No, you didn't say anything wrong it's just... Yesterday was really hard for me, but you're treating me like everything is fine. I don't know if I should say thank you, or be worried. It's all confusing." He admitted. He wasn't planning on telling Tony how he felt, but it was hard to resist. There was this nagging feeling in the back of his mind, screaming at him to voice his thoughts, but he wanted to ignore it. He wanted to ignore how uncomfortable he was that everything seemed normal, even though it isn't.
"Steve, you guys need to get out of there now!" Tony panicked.
"You're... You're not mad at me?" She was surprised, to say the least, she thought he would at least hate her for what she did to Steve, but here he was, comforting her instead. He shook his head and pulled back from the hug, looking straight into her eyes.
"Sure, go for it." But the genius just stood there, unmoving, unwavering as he stared at Steve once again. The super soldier scowled at the brunette, waiting for him to take the hint to leave. Sadly, he continued to just stand there.
"Please, don't mention Budapest. I choose not to remember it." Clint groaned. She rolled her eyes, but a small smirk made its way onto her face.
It was when he leaned down and touched his lips to Steve's did he finally succumb to the feelings harboring deep inside of him, forgoing all the other emotions and allowing the feeling of love to fester, maybe even fertilize and blossom in his heart much like a rose; because roses are beautiful flowers that require the most care and attention to blossom into structures of beauty, and Tony's own heart was a structure of beauty that just needed the right amount of love, care, and attention to blossom.
"Iron Man."
He was speechless. Steve was right, how exactly can he prove that he's not one of them? How can he exactly trust that Tony was real to him when there's a possibility that he could be a fake in the eyes of the soldier. The truth was, there is no way for him to get Steve to believe him because he was so far gone that there was no way to make him see real from fake. So, Tony just accepted his fate.
"No, you're wrong." He slowly lifted his eyes to meet the trembling brown ones of the genius, his own eyes null void of any emotion. "Captain America is nothing but a persona, he's not an actual person. Steve Rogers, he's an actual person. A genuine, selfless, down-to-earth person, who is 10 times better than I will ever be. And anybody who ever uses you just because you're Captain America, they're a piece of shit." There was a hint of a smile on Steve's face, and the dark blue that clouded his eyes turned a tint brighter. It made Tony feel good inside, he also realizes that he doesn't feel as emotionally introverted when it comes to Steve. He still feels it, don't get him wrong, but it's just not as strong.
"Jarvis does make a good point."
Unlike last time as well, where he saw Tony's back as he tried to retreat to his lab, this time around there were two plates on the island. The day just kept getting better and better for him. He ate in silence with Tony, but it wasn't uncomfortable silence, it was actually quite comfortable. Tony kept that small distance between them, but he just looked so comfortable next to his side, it was wonderful. He sent small smiles in Steve's direction, which he happily returned, chuckling a little to himself.
"Not a clue," Clint answered. "We're not particularly sure where they're going, or where they are, so it's kinda impossible to make a plan." Steve sighed and turned his attention to Thor and Wanda.
"That's what Nat said. Right now her and Barton and working on discovering that."
"Tony I didn't mean to, I didn't know this was a trap. It was just a simple reconnaissance mission, I didn't know there was anybody here." I explained to him. His grip seemed to loosen up a bit, and I took in a shaky breath. Why was he so different? Why was he so mad at me? I know he cares about my well-being, but this feels so different. "I'm sorry I disappointed you or even upset you. Please, can you untie me so we can just go home?"
So, Steve found himself waiting outside the medical ward, resting his head against the wall with his hands clasped together in his lap resting gently on his stomach as he waited for the doctors to tell him he could see Tony. It was a little amusing to him really, that the idea of Tony waiting out here for him when they first got here, and now it's his turn to wait patiently.
He hears booted footsteps coming close to his location, and he takes his hands away from his face to see Natasha, with her short blonde hair, straight posture, and all-black jumpsuit that hugs her body perfectly, coming over to him.
The hope falters for a second, as he reaches the destroyed Quinjet. From what he could see, the right-wing was torn off, and where the left-wing was, it didn't exist anymore. Instead, there was a giant gash where the wing should be, going halfway down the middle of the Quinjet. There was smoke emanating from the sides, and parts of the tail end were destroyed and tattered.
"And just how do you plan on stopping me, when you're frozen in place?" It walked forward, ever so slowly, its footsteps thumping and thudding on the rooftop tiles. Tony raised his left hand, the humming of his repulsor starting up as the creature continued to take its time coming closer to him. "Go ahead, shoot me. You know I'm a fake." He grits his teeth, but he couldn't shoot.
However, he calmed down when he felt the soldier wrap an arm around his shoulder, pulling him close and kissing the side of his head. The affection he receives dissipates all the negativity swirling inside of his head, replacing it with memory fragments of the male next to him. And he gets even happier when he says that T'Challa can help him. He tells him about how the medical team can correct and realign his fingers. Of course, he'd be knocked out while the procedure happens, but that gives the medical team the chance to use a harmless laser pointer specifically designed to penetrate the skin and fix any fractures in bones. It was actually really cool, and he was excited to give it a try.
"Tell me whatever you want me to know." He thought for a moment, taking the time to remember his life back then and to disregard the pain he felt from telling Tony all of his old memories that he can no longer get back.
"Good." And he can just imagine that beautiful, genuine smile that Tony wore whenever he was happy, plastered on his face right now. "I'm going to catch up with you, but needless to say I'm going to have to fix the compound sometime." He laughed; a real, genuine laugh as the genius sighed heavily on the other side of the comm line. "So much work ahead of me."
"Very funny, J."
He carries on, however, because he still believes in the word
"You hungry?" He asked. Of course, Steve was hungry, but he didn't want to voice that thought to the man in front of him. Too many thoughts ran through his head, and how he so desperately wanted to reach out and pull Tony close, wanting to feel his body against his, tell him how sorry he was and that he wishes they could start all over again, that he could make up for what he did. But he didn't say anything, he just sat there, empty blank blue eyes staring at his form.
"Steve, no! We can figure something out, I can get there fast if I put everything into my thrusters."
"Ah, this feels so much better. Don't you think, Tony?" It had his features down to perfection; his blonde mop of hair that sat perfectly on top of his head, shaved off at the sides while the top was swept over in a wavelike fashion, the usual tight skinned shirt Steve usually wears that shows off his muscles, and his ever so fashionable brown khaki jeans. It left Tony speechless at how... Accurate these things were able to impersonate them, it's no wonder that Steve was having a hard time telling real from fake. "Oh wait, hang on, forgot the signature suit." It even
"S-Sure," he stuttered, and it was a new sensation for Tony because he
He broke his trust, and his heart, and to make matters worse, not only did he lie and not tell him about his parent's death, but he jammed his shield into his chest where the Arc Reactor lay, or rather, it used to lay before he had the shrapnel removed and he replaced it. It doesn't matter. The damage has been done, and the nightmares plague his subconscious, capturing him in a vicious cycle of torment and terror that makes him wake up every night, screaming, sweating, hyperventilating, even
"Don't get me wrong, I loved Pepper, still do, but things didn't work out between us. I miss her greatly, but I know I'm not the guy she needs, my life is too dangerous, mixed in with the fact that I am an alcoholic with daddy issues, PTSD, and tons of emotional baggage. I'm a mess, let's just put it at that."
And it's needy, and he knows that but
"It's just..." And he's not sure if she should tell him, but regardless if she doesn't she'll find out anyway. She's always been good with that sort of information; whether it's classified, or you're willing to confide your troubles and secrets with Nat, she always somehow finds out. She's good with keeping secrets as well- hell, she kept her own identity a secret from him when she went undercover as his second assistant. This is why he figures, it'll be fine to tell her, so he continues. "I got so angry at the fact that when he sees you and Barnes, that it's easy for him to speak. I'm sure you and him both know about his predicament, and it's just... I got so jealous of how he's spoken more to you guys than he has to me. When we got here it was difficult for him, and then when I saw Barnes I just thought that maybe he'd leave again."
The door to his room opened, and he sat up abruptly. He remained stoic as he watched Tony walk in, looking anywhere that wasn't at him. His heart lurched inside his chest, aching at the action because he really
"Hurry back, I'm already missing those super-soldier lips against mine." Steve snorted in response and promptly left the room. Tony laid back on the bed and sighed, staring up at the ceiling.
"I appreciate that, and that sounds pretty funny actually. I can see the local headlines: 'Captain America saves young genius from the clutches of bullies.' Makes for something interesting to read." The two of them shared a laugh, a small moment between the two of them that Tony really enjoyed. He would give anything to see this side of Steve more often. This happy, sweet, adorable side of Steve over the gloomy and depressed one. He would do anything to make him happy.
"It's nice to see you finally joining us for breakfast, Stark. Usually, you're down in that lab of yours doing who knows what." Clint joked. Tony chuckled lightly, sipping his orange juice and giving a content sigh at how refreshing it tasted.
He wasted no time entering the tower, wishing the damn elevator would hurry the fuck up and just get him to his room. Eventually, the doors opened to his floor, and he was already running to his room. His footsteps slowed until he came to a complete stop. He was frozen in place, his eyes noticing how the door to his room was cracked and bent in half in front of where it used to be on its hinges. He dared to step closer, wanting to see what the inside was like. His breath hitched and he swallowed the lump in his throat as he looked at the mess around him. Glass was shattered on the floor, curtains ripped, the bed flipped over and resting halfway inside of his closet, the drawer was broken, wood mixing with the glass and the contents of the drawer laying on the floor. Holes tattered the walls, some mere dents, and the other's actual gaping holes. It was a sight for sore eyes, to say the least. But there was no Steve anywhere to be seen. Terror soon turned into panic, his heartbeat picked up in speed as he slowly exited the room.
And he did. It was the resolve in the faint care in Tony's eyes, swimming in his irises. He still trusted this man, despite him betraying him from the start. And God, Steve is willing to risk it
While Tony was busy getting changed and regaining some feeling in his legs, the super-soldier was having a mini freakout in the kitchen. He was starting to doubt that this dinner thing was a good idea; what if Tony didn't like what he made, or what if it wasn't good enough, what if something went wrong? Most of his thoughts were a little silly, considering that Tony has already stated that he loves his cooking, but there's still that part of him where he fears due to his nerves, he'll somehow manage to mess up the food.
"Hey," Tony said, softly, but with a small hint of joy in his voice. It only made him smile more, his twinkling with a shimmer of happiness in it, directed towards the brunette.
"Don't be, it's alright really. Eventually, I met Rhodey in my MIT days, and he was the only person who didn't care how wealthy or smart I was, he saw me for me. He stood up for me when people bullied me, I even remember when he punched one of the bullies in the face. Of course, he got in trouble, but he said it was worth it." He chuckled a little at the memory. He felt a hand placed on top of his, causing him to look up. He saw concerned blue eyes staring back at him, a small smile splayed on his face.
"I'll make sure to take it easy." He said with a smile, making his way out of his room and towards the elevator. Any form of exercise was out of the question since he could still feel aches in his body. He looked down at himself, and his eyes widened. He wasn't small, he was his normal super soldier self. He could've sworn that whatever they injected into him had turned him skinny again, he could feel how weak and fragile his body was, he could feel how shallow and painful each breath he took was. But here he was, once again the picture-perfect specimen of human health.
"Talking about your dad again?"
Steve just stood there and watched him leave, unable to get his voice to work. He made his way to the table Tony once sat at, his elbows resting against the surface as his hands held his head. He watched as his tears hit the tabletop, and how his body shook. He let out a small sob as he sat there, missing when things were normal, missing when he wasn't so broken, and most of all, missing his genius, more than anything.
He was ok with waiting patiently because, in the end, it would be worth it. He knew Tony was going to be ok, and after everything that has happened to them, they were stronger than ever. He knows that the bond they have, and the relationship they have formed grew over the course of what has happened around them. He's content knowing that if his life is ever in danger, that he can trust Tony with his life because once again he has proven that the soldier is what's important to him. And he would do the same thing as well because Tony is his top priority. He's the love of his life and he's going to keep him around until the end of the line.
"That is correct."
It felt nice to receive a smile from Tony, and it felt just as nice to smile back. He missed this feeling; the warm, engulfing feeling of happiness that wrapped its ghostly arms around his heart, keeping it safe. And it was that feeling that made him think, that maybe, just maybe, Tony didn't fully hate him. That he was slowly getting his genius back.
"Glad to hear that. Now let's get back to the tower."
Don't get him wrong, they're far from perfect because of all the unopened baggage they have yet to resolve, but that doesn't mean it's not perfect in his eyes. Perfect doesn't simply mean that everything is right and there are no faults because that's just an unrealistic ideology of the word perfect. To him, perfect is simply just waking up in the morning with your lover at your side, and even if throughout the days, weeks, months, or even years you guys spend together, an argument might occur, it's still perfect to him. The word perfect to him is the embodiment of Tony Stark because Tony in his own eyes is perfect.
He barges into the room, and he's relieved slightly that he doesn't see the soldier's body on the floor, but rather it's in his bed. He's relieved to see the soldier slightly confused, his hair sticking up in multiple directions as he sits up in his bed and looks at Tony with worry. But he doesn't get to say anything as the genius launches into his lap, wrapping his arms around his neck and placing a passionate kiss onto his lips.
He stood up and wasted no time in exiting his room, his shoulders slumped as he walked. He was, however, looking forward to his therapy session, because maybe Tony might be there like he was the first day and they could walk together. Tony wouldn't miss his therapy session!
"I told you, you're not bad at them, and even if you were I'd still happily go through it with you. However, I do wanna kiss you again."
this man once more?
"You are my creator, perhaps I learned it from you."
"I'm here, Tony!" He replied, a small chuckle and a breath of relief making their way past his lips and out of his mouth. He leans his head back again, wearing one of the biggest smiles on his face, showing off his perfect white teeth, making the ends of his lips curved as upwards as they could go without hurting him.
And he laughs bitterly at himself. Those were the same words he told Tony, and he now knows how he felt when he told Tony that they'd win or lose together. And right now, he felt like a loser. He felt like he not only lost his eyesight, or his ability to speak, or his life, but he lost the most important thing to him- the love of his life.
He remembers what happened here; it was when he was struck by his company's own bomb and shrapnel entered his heart. He was brought here, in this barely lit cavern in Afghanistan where he had open-heart surgery,
Maybe he thought Tony wasn't ever going to turn this thing off, and truthfully he's actually not too sure if he can handle this. As much as he could endure the pain now that the cuffs stripping away his powers were off, the pain would soon become annoyingly unbearable and he would go crazy. He already wasn't sure what Tony had in plan for him-whether the genius was going to feed him or give him water, or whether he was going to resort to making him suffer much as he did back at the Raft. Either way, he doubts the pain from the collar would make him crack because in actuality the pain from knowing it was coming from someone he loved was what made it worse.
"I can't wait to get back to New York and go on a date with you. Can't wait to tell everybody I'm going on a date with Captain America, actually!" He saw the unamused expression that crossed Steve's face, and he simply just chuckled and shrugged it off. "I'm only kidding. About the whole telling everybody, not the... I really wanna go out with you. Can we still do that?"
"I..." Tony started. What exactly was he sorry for? Truthfully there were many things he was sorry for, all of which included the feeling of guilt and regret for putting Steve through all of this. He knew it wasn't his fault, but he could have,
"I understand this little plan on yours. Are you sure it'll work?" She had her doubts, of course. With what happened to Steve back at the bunker, what exactly would be real for him to believe, and would he accept that what he is seeing is the truth.
He shuddered a bit as yesterday's events came back to him. He sat up and shook his head, willing his mind to just forget about what happened so he doesn't have another moment of PTSD or a mini panic attack. Instead, he focused on the sketchbook, grabbing it off from the drawer where it rested.
The scene before him resembled the sight he saw when he flew that nuke into the portal; Chitauri leviathans and soldiers littered in the starry sky around him, flying towards the portal that led towards Earth. And there, right in front of him, he watched himself gaze into the figures of his dead teammates, their bodies nothing more than decorations on the cold hard ground. He watched himself relive his nightmare, watched himself break down as his eyes gazed upon Steve. The blonde lay there motionless, his shield cut in half, blood trickling out of his nose as his eyes stared upwards, locking with Tony's. He felt himself start to tear up as the scene faded before his eyes, and soon enough he was back in his lab, Wanda and Steve looking at him. He smirked slightly, "did you enjoy the show?"
While twelve hours was a long time to wait, it was worth it in the end. After the doctors told him about his injuries- how he had a mild concussion, a fractured nose, scarring on his face, broken ribs and sternum, and a punctured lung, through all of that, they said the serum was doing its job and he was going to be ok.
"Quite powerful isn't it?" Fake Steve whispered into his ear. With quick, sudden movement, the spear was yanked out, and Tony was tossed onto the side. He groaned in pain, a shaky hand moving towards his abdomen area where his suit was pierced. Blood started flowing out of him, staining the rooftop and the area around him, his blood pooling around him. His breathing was labored, his vision was partially going blurry, he was trying to hold on until the mission was done, but he was slowly losing the fight. Strained sounds made their way past his throat once more as he moved, every nerve in his body telling him to stop moving.
"No, it's ok. I understand, really," he chuckled lightly to himself, grabbing a mug and placing it under the coffee maker, "you wanted to come back, and Fury decided now would be the perfect time to use you on one of his missions. It's no big deal or anything." He shrugged, and with a shaky hand brought the mug to his lips, slurping down his coffee with one fell swoop. He heard footsteps behind him, and then arms wrapping around his waist, Steve's body flushed against him, a soft kiss placed on his cheek that helped calm his nerves.
, so refer to me as such." He scoffed and crossed his arms, ignoring the way the soldier looked down at his feet. "Dad already wished you were his son anyways." He muttered, forgetting that Steve had enhanced hearing, making him feel worse.
"Do you have an appointment, Mr. Stark?" Fury said calmly.
"I like everything about you, too. That's why," he laced his hand with Tony's, looking the genius in the eyes, "I wanted to ask you if I can be your boyfriend?"
"Excuse me, Mr. Stark?" He heard someone call out his name. He blinked and looked away from the door, seeing one of the doctors that had helped Steve coming his way. She was about his height, blonde short wavy hair that sat neatly on her shoulders, circular glasses, and petite frame. She carried a manilla folder in her hands as her black heels clicked on the shiny silver titles as she made her way over to him.
He pulls him flush against his body, pelvises, and thighs rubbing against each other, chests pressed together. He squeezes the brunette's ass, eliciting a moan that caused the shorter male to rut against him, drawing out a moan from him as well. He pushes Tony against the wall, lifting him by the cup of his ass, detaching his lips only for a moment before he places them on Tony's neck. He kisses the skin on his neck hungrily, making the genius arch his neck just a little to give him more access. His teeth rack across the skin, digging down just hard enough not to draw blood, but to draw out another pleasurable moan that makes the hairs on the back of his neck stand and the erection in his pants jump in response.
That's realistically what Tony was more scared of- not being able to hold his lover's hand because he couldn't curl his fingers. It was such a simple gesture, but it spoke so much inside his own head, and the thought of being incapacitated and not performing that action scared him.
To put it into a short, simple phrase of words.
Tony pushed the door to the bunker opening, listening to the way the door groaned. He visibly flinched in disgust as he noticed the cobwebs littering the corners of the walls, the chipped paint accompanied by mold, it was a sight for sore eyes. He and Thor split to cover a few more inches of the bunker. His footsteps creaked against the floorboards, and he didn't know what to expect. He was going to lie to himself and say that he was okay because he wasn't. If he found out that something serious happened to Steve, he was going to blame himself until the end of time. He knows it's stupid and he shouldn't, but when it comes to people he cares about, all rational decision-making goes out the window.
"Well, let's start with what's going on between you and Steve." Bruce started.
This vulnerability he allowed to creep up on him, worming its way up his spine, infecting every part of his body it slithered upon, this invasive feeling coursing through his blood and simply tainting it, he couldn't stand it. He wasn't supposed to be vulnerable, he was supposed to be strong, that's what he's not only been trained to do, but that's what was easiest for him. If he was strong, he could hold back all the emotions he was feeling, only allowing himself to let it all flow out when he went to the gym and beat up some poor punching bag until sand littered the floors and the bag flew a few feet away from him.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry you had to go through that, but I promise you, that it wasn't me who said that." He turned to look at Wanda, motioning with his head for her to come near him. She wasted no time standing next to Tony as he looked back at Steve and continued to speak. "I know you have no right to believe me, and I don't blame you if you don't trust me, but I am dangerously terrified of losing you. And I wanted to show you that what I'm saying is true."
"Nah, I'll get some coffee and just work through the night. That way if you call again I'll still be here."
to call him Capsicle.
"Alright," he said, holding up his hands in surrender, "I'll go to your room and get you some clothes. Just stay here and look pretty." He paused for a moment, looking off to the side for a bit before speaking once more. "Well, more pretty than you already are. You know what I mean." He started walking towards the door to his lab after noticing the death glare the soldier was giving him, and he swore if looks could kill, he'd be dead by now.
"Please, call me Tony." He told her.
His shoulders slumped and he could feel how sore his eyes were. He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hands, trying to dissipate the sleep from within them. There was this weird squish sound once he opened his eyes, and he frowned in disgust. He looked back at Tony and sighed heavily, slumping in his seat.
"You're not getting away with this!" Tony yelled. Fake Steve simply shook his head and smirked at the genius, sending a shiver down Tony's spine.
." He growled, words laced with venom. He got up from his place at his computer desk, making his way towards the lab door. "JARVIS, send all of that classified data to my phone. I'm going to have a word with the cyclops."
"Tony-".
"What am I lookin' at here, J?"
"It's sweet that you think you need something fancy to impress me, but I mean it, Steve. Dinner looks great, spaghetti and garlic bread are fine. Hell, we could be having ice cream for dinner and I wouldn't care. Long as it's with you, I don't care what we eat." He saw the soldier visibly relax, his shoulders less stiff, and a smile accompanied by a small blush on his face.
"It's nice to know you're worried about me," he pulled the genius close to him, kissing his forehead, "but I promise that I will return to you safe and sound."
"I thought you guys gave me all the details about his injuries?"
When he finds T'Challa, they once again go over the plan. You see the plan was for Tony to infiltrate the Raft and gather footage from when Steve was put into the floating prisoner, as well as any files he can gather. The assumption is based on appealing towards those who see the Avengers as heroes rather than vigilantes- because yes while they may cause damage when they try to help, it's honestly to be expected. With so much chaos going around their main priority is to protect not only the Earth but its people. If buildings and structures just so happen to get damaged, not much can be done. Regardless, they're hoping to appeal to the better half of people who still look up to them, as well as going on the assumption that maybe Ross could have recently swapped over to being secretly Hydra, and is using his status as secretary to go undercover.
"Ya see," Tony said, leaning forward, a smug look on his face, "that's what I thought at first too, but that's not exactly accurate, is it? You tried to kill me, but instead, here I am looking at your disgusting ass face. Then you try to get my boyfriend to kill himself; which I'm sure you thought if he did it'd be easier to get to me since I'd be so busy with my self-destructive tendencies, and yet you failed."
this wouldn't have happened. If he had just made sure that all of Ross' guards had been accounted for, if he hadn't let that chopper slip past him, Steve wouldn't be here right now.
"Alright, open your eyes," Steve whispered. And so he did, and it was a sight that while he has seen a few times before when it was just him and Pepper in Avengers tower- originally named Stark tower, the sight was still beautiful. It was all of Manhattan, lit up in the middle of the night, much like a Christmas tree on the night of Christmas Eve, and it was just breathtakingly beautiful in its own way. He could see the cars down below on the streets, all the other tall buildings that tried to scrape the sky just like his very own building, but none of them came close. Instead, he got to marvel at how each building was different; whether they lit up on the outside from top to bottom, or the lights shone on the inside, it was still beautiful. The night sky was pure black, but littered with a streak of stars and the moon shining so bright, and looming so high over them that he felt tranquility wash over him, as if the moonbeams themselves were giving him this vibe. He felt so peaceful, so at ease with the world, and it just felt so right.
"Nervous?" She asked, looking through his closet for a jacket that would match his outfit.
"That would be correct." The thing in front of Tony was just like all the others, except this one, who wore a skull mask over its face, covering everything except its eyes and its mouth. Where all the Axelons had simple black eyes, this one's right eye was pure white, and Tony could make out the small wrinkles on its face. Needless to say, he was disturbed and disgusting, and it seemed to pick up on this fact. "Oh I'm sorry, maybe you'd prefer a more suitable appearance. Where are my manners?" The creature grinned at him before taking in a deep breath, a small white light temporarily blinding Tony, causing him to look away. The light dimmed down, and once he looked back, his eyes widened.
"This is all so beautiful. I've seen it a bunch of times, truth be told, but why did you wanna show me-". And he stopped for a second, because where he expected the soldier to be standing tall, looking down at him, he was instead on his knees, looking up at him instead with a smile so full of love, and a black box in his hand.
"Steve, what are you apologizing for? I would never-".
"It's fine. Whatever these things are, they need to be stopped. And we need to get Cap back, the team that brought me and Clint didn't bring him back, so it's safe to assume that he was captured. Or worse..." She whispered the last part.
"Do you wanna tell us about it?" Bruce chimed in. He stared at his plate for a few seconds before turning his gaze onto his teammates, who looked at him and waited patiently for his answer. He didn't exactly know where to start; there were a lot of things to say really, but trying to create a sentence was proving to be a difficult task. Should he start with what happened in the lab, or should he try to express how annoyed, frustrated, and perturbed he truly felt. Should he talk about how fucked his relationship is now, and how downright unfair it was? Should he not mention those things at all, and just label it off as nothing? He could feel a wave of word vomit scratching at his throat, climbing its way out, and before he knew it, that's when all the words just came pouring out.
"Since when was talking about feelings your thing?"
"You're right. I trust that you'll be ok. But, please make sure to call me, or video chat me. Actually, let's take a few moments to teach you how to use those things." This time it was Steve who chuckled, nodding his head and placing another small kiss on Tony's cheek.
"What," Tony growled. It effectively pissed him off knowing that his love life was just a game for the spy twins to bet over, and he's even more pissed to just find out about this.
Nobody said anything, and the silence was deafening in Tony's ears. It unnerved him how quiet it was, but soon he felt arms wrap around his waist, and a head placed on his shoulder. He smiled, and in response, he wrapped his arms around Steve's neck, holding him close and placing a small kiss on the side of his head.
"You can do whatever you want, honey. I'm all yours." Tony's smile widened and he slowly leaned in. He placed his lips gently against Steve's, moving his body so that he was in front of the soldier and had his back pressed up against the elevator walls. The kiss started slow, hands roaming until Steve's found their place on Tony's hips, and Tony's found their place around his neck. Things started to heat a bit, small, soft moans emitted in the elevator, Tony's hands running through Steve's hair, his teeth biting his bottom lip, and his tongue swiping across the same spot, asking for entrance. The soldier obliged mouth opening and letting Tony's tongue dance with his, allowing the shorter male to dominate the kiss. They could feel a tent in both of their pants, excitement coursing through them. Steve pulled back from the kiss and threw his head back, letting out a groan as Tony ground their clothed erections together.
"So, he really didn't have any idea where they were. He's been trying to figure that out this entire time..."
"How do I know that!? How do I know you're not one of the things that just attacked me not too long ago pretending to be him again?"
"So, you're telling me these guys are like mini assassins? If their job is to eliminate potential threats, why are they only keeping Steve captured? Why are Nat and Clint still here? No offense guys, but if the Avengers pose a threat to them, then why just Steve?" Tony inquired.
"It was a wild ride, wasn't it? You seem to be just as weak as I imagine, and yet you act like you're tough." I whimpered, he was right. He's seen what's inside my head, all the repressed memories I choose to forget and move forward from, they made me stronger but... Reliving them again only made me realize how weak they truly made me. His smile grew and I could see him reaching for something. He brought what looked like a syringe in front of my eyes, bright yellow liquid sloshing around on the inside. "Why don't we get a look at you, the
"It makes sense," Natasha spoke softly, "anybody at S.H.I.E.L.D. giving those mission details would've looked suspicious. With Fury being the Director he can bypass most of the rules here and nobody would bat an eyelash. So, that means there is another copy of Fury running around here, but the question is where?"
"Well, we have the couch all to ourselves. Would be a nice way to end the night considering I've been missing a certain super soldier."
"Do you have a plan?" Steve spoke softly. Tony opened his mouth to speak, but upon looking into Steve's eyes, he closed his mouth. He took the time to not just stare into those ocean eyes of his, but he really got a look at how Steve was feeling. He wasn't kidding when he said that Steve's eyes convey all his emotions; like a mirror would portray not just your reflection back at you, because beyond that it shows your soul through your eyes at how you're truly feeling. He also wasn't kidding when he said that Steve wears his heart on his sleeves, not so much like a medal you would let everyone else see, because that's not what Steve's heart was to Tony, it was a precious little gem he wanted to care for, to protect and let only his eyes see how bright it truly was. It's not that he was mesmerized by his eyes; which of course Tony usually was, but this time he saw the little strands of emotion, the bits, and pieces Steve wanted to lock away, but his eyes betrayed him.
He saw the way her lips flattened into a line and the way her shoulders squared, the way her hands clenched her upper arms at his words. It made him flinch a little. If she wasn't already pissed off with him, then he might've made her fuming at this point, she was just doing a very good job at hiding it.
"You sure," Steve questioned, taking his seat across from Tony, "I feel like it's too plain. I really feel like I should've made you steak, or lobster, or some sort of Italian dish."
"Steve, it's me, Tony."
She made her way over to take a seat next to him while he calmed down his rapidly beating heart, watching as she grabbed the remote and turned on the TV with ease. He let out a deep exhale of breath once he was calm enough, letting his head rest against the back of the couch, staring up at the ceiling.
"Yes! Please make it stop!"
They moaned each other's names one last time as they came, their breaths mixing as they panted. They held each other close, the aftermath of their lovemaking tiring them out, but Tony's soft giggle caused Steve to raise his head and look at him with a confused expression.
"I'm guessing sex is one of them?" Steve chuckled and nodded his head. "Figures, but I don't mind that. This is a bit slower than what I'm used to, but it's nice. Also no, you're my favorite person because it doesn't matter how much money I have, or how smart I am, the only thing you care about is the time we spend together."
"How do I look, punk?" Bucky said, smirking at him. He was dressed in all black, from a black vest he wore over a tight skinned black shirt and black army pants. His semi-short black hair stopped at the top half of his neck, just like he remembered when he first saw him as the Winter Soldier. His metal arm complimented all the black he wore, and he was glad he was on their side this time because he looked like he was dressed to kill.
Regardless, he felt happier, in a way. He stopped thinking about all the negatives that happened, and just only cared about the man he loved sleeping peacefully. Tomorrow, Tony was willing to at least make some sort of attempt at talking to Steve, but truthfully he knew that tomorrow things would most likely be different because life can be unexpected. For now, he was just going to accept that tonight, he at least made some sort of progress.
gotten that feeling of love back, and it's already like it's fleeting; and he thinks that it's all his fault, that maybe he's done something wrong. He blames it on his ailments and tells himself he was right that because of not being able to speak or see properly, that Tony has distanced himself from him because of his shortcomings. It's a shitty thing to think, but he's getting really low, and he's scared that if he gets too low that he won't be able to come back this time around.
"You say a lot of pretty things, it's sweet, really. Would you be opposed to letting me suck you off right now?" Steve chuckled in response and blushed profusely. "Sorry to spring that on you right now, but your words have a certain effect on me in all the right places. Mostly my heart, but also my dick too."
He growls against his neck while Tony pulls on his hair, holding his head close to his neck and allowing him to continue to bite down. He doesn't know what's gotten into him, but by God does he enjoy what he's doing and the pure
"No, it was a lot different than that. I was a little girl when I first learned of the name Stark. I was only ten years old in Sokovia, eating dinner with my family, laughter, and smiles filling the table. Then that same fateful day, it all changed." He watched as she inhaled a shaky breath, her footsteps slowing as she spoke again. "A mortar shell hit my family's building, killing my mother and my father. All I had left that day was my brother as we hid under our bed while the building around us crumbled. That's when another shell entered through the window, it read "Stark Industries" on the side, and I thought we were going to die too, but it never went off. We counted the days, waiting for you to kill us, but we were saved."
"Get off me! I-I have to get back there!" She said pushing past the doctors and towards Tony's direction. His hands wrapped around her upper forearm, she struggled against him, his eyes trembled as he's never seen her so rattled and distressed. It actually pained him to see her reduced to this, just what happened back there?
(See the end of the chapter for
"When do you come back home? Not that I'm trying to be needy or clingy, or anything like that really."
"Sorry, Clint, but for your own health and safety, I'm gonna need you to lay down and relax. You're badly injured." Bruce told him. He didn't argue, and he listened to the good doctor, allowing himself to be pushed back gently on the stretcher.
"It's currently 5 am."
Steve pulled back from the kiss, starting to move slowly away from Tony. Instead of leaving the genius, he simply held out his hand for the brunette to take instead.
"Right, as if you two cuddling on the couch wasn't already an indication that something is going on between you two. Besides," Clint pointed his finger at Steve, "Cap here hasn't shut up about you ever since we were on our mission. He always kept asking if we were done so he could talk to you."
He sighed and looked down, noticing how peaceful Steve looked, how absolutely young and stunning he was. He smiled and leaned down, placing a soft kiss on the side of Steve's head. After his breakup with Pepper, he was so convinced that he was incapable of loving anyone, that if he got into another relationship he would be the reason things wouldn't work out. As his fingers continued to run through Steve's hair, and his gaze was locked on his sleeping form, he felt this burning sensation in his chest. It wasn't the type of burning sensation where you were in pain and it was hard to breathe, no, this was completely different. It was the type of sensation in your chest where you look at someone and realize, that without a shadow of a doubt, you truly care about the well-being of this person. You realize this feeling that begins to flutter closer to your heart is radiating warmth, you find yourself smiling, you feel your breath start to hitch and a sigh escapes past your lips and the sudden realization hits you; you're in love.
"It's gonna take a while for me to crack this thing, what's happening on your end?"
"Agent Romanoff and Agent Barton are there with him," Jarvis reassured. He knew that the spy twins would be there with him, of course, why wouldn't they? Fury was the one who assigned the mission. It still didn't take away the bundle of nerves that were trying to kick their way out of his stomach. He knew if worse came to worse, that they would make sure to look out for each other, but the fear of not knowing whether he was going to come back home or not scared him. Holy shit,
"If that's w-what you want, then I'd love t-that."
"This is the best breakfast I've ever had. Usually, I don't even eat anything in the morning, all I need is just coffee and it's off to the lab. You're gonna make me more food in the future, right? I promise to eat it if you make it." He enjoyed the laugh that came out of Steve's mouth and the way his eyes twinkled due to the sun casting its light on them. God, Steve was too good to him, if only he could show him how much he appreciated him for putting up with his crap.
"It's gonna take a while for Clint to wake up, and he's certainly not going to be one hundred percent, but he should be ok. His injuries are really severe, but the antibiotics are doing their best." Bruce informed him. Tony was the one to call Bruce down to S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ, considering he didn't really trust their team of medical professionals to tell him how his friends were actually doing. With Bruce here, some of the tension from his body washed away, and he let out a small sigh.
"And after today?"
"You both look so happy." A voice resonated behind him. He turned around and saw Wanda, standing there with a small, sad smile on her face. "And I ruined it. I'm so sorry."
He remembers waking up early in the morning, slipping out of Steve's arms quietly. He first picked up the discarded sketchbook on the floor and placed it gently onto the desk next to the be. He then made a quiet exit out of the room and traversed the facility, trying to find the kitchen as he wanted to make Steve breakfast in bed. He never did find the kitchen, rather he found himself sidetracked as he came across the science department again.
He remembers the feeling of pure sensory overload, mixed in with the rush of fear as he fell from outer space, the ground getting ever so closer and closer to him. He remembers feeling adrenaline pumping throughout his body when he got the suit to work again just before he hit the ground, allowing him to make it back home safely.
Tony decided that he would carry himself to the kitchen to search and figure out what was taking Steve so long. He traversed the hallway leading to the kitchen, his footsteps a mere pitter-patter against the wooden floorboards. As he got closer, his steps got quieter and slower, his ears picking up two voices speaking to each other. He hid behind the wall, leaning forward just a little bit to see Natasha and Steve. He focused on their conversation, listening to every word that was spoken without trying to reveal himself.
"Sir, there seems to be an anomaly present." His AI voiced with awareness.
Pepper Potts had his eyes always on her, from the way she moved, her hips swaying from side to side, the way she carried herself, head held high, shoulders rolled back, spinal column straight, picture-perfect posture, down to the way she talked to him. She left no room for his bullshit, always seeing right through him and calling him out on it, but understanding on a deeper level what he was trying to hide from her. She was his better half, and he adored every minute he got to be with her, right up until he let her go.
"It's ok. I forgive you." He patted Steve's shoulder and stood up shortly after, dusting off invisible dirt from his pants.
"Ever since I moved into here it's... Been hard to sleep. Most of the time I stay up constantly because the thought of sleeping ends up with me thinking I'm back in the ice."
"Harder!" Steve begged. The brunette let out a shaky breath as he heard the soldier beg for him to increase the intensity of his thrusts. He moved closer, body flush against the soldiers, holding his hips and his thrusts got harder, his balls slapping against Steve's ass. He watched Steve reach down and grab himself, jerking himself off in time with Tony's thrust, and it excited him more. He graciously offered his own hand, placing it on top of Steve's as they both jerked him off together. His pace quickened and so did the speed of Steve's hand, the blonde a moaning mess under him. Suddenly, his back arched and he wrapped his legs around Tony's waist, squeezing just hard enough that bruises might be left on him, but he didn't care. Tony smiled wide as he hit Steve's prostate.
He knows while his life is full of danger, what with being a superhero and all, but for once life can feel normal for him. He has a sense of place and purpose, and it's all because Tony gave him the second chance to prove himself and didn't turn his back on him a second time. He had all right to leave him there at the Raft, and yet he chose to stick with him until the end. He's thankful for the genius, and by God will he show how thankful he is every day he's with the beautiful man he gets to call his.
"I'm sorry." A cold feminine voice laced with venom spoke into the room, and only then did he realize while he didn't feel anything. His eyes were still open, looking into the beautiful brunette locked away inside the cell, and he realized that he was still alive. He looked over his shoulder and saw Ross, clutching the area where his heart was, blood trickling from the wound and staining his hand in crimson, his body hunched over just slightly. "Did I step on your moment?"
"No, I didn't mean it," he reassured, uncrossing his arms and letting them fall to his sides, "I say a lot of mean things when I'm angry, and irrational things as well. Usually one of my defense mechanisms kicks in, but sometimes... There are moments where all I see is red and stupid shit comes out of my mouth instead. I'm sorry if I hurt you, this is why I don't think I deserve you, really."
"Wanna," he paused to bring his arm up and his hand over his shoulder, thumb stretched out and pointing out the door, "get something to eat?"
"Here ya go, Cap." He took the mug Tony held out to him, one hand wrapping around the mug, bringing it to his lips, and enjoying the sweet sensation of steamy liquid scaling his tongue, creating a blazing trail as it traveled down his throat. He removed the cup from his lips, a ghost of a smile making its appearance on his face.
"Ugh, Tash, I hate when you do that," Clint complained.
cook, but Steve hasn't really seen him in the kitchen as often, and usually, whenever he was it ended with burnt food and Steve being the one to either take over his kitchen duties or to help him prepare dinner for the rest of the Avengers. Regardless he wasn't complaining as he scarfed down his food, but something was unsettling him.
"I don't want to hurt you, though." It melted Tony's heart when Steve looked at him with concern in his eyes. He smiled and grabbed Steve's free hand, placing a kiss on the back of his palm.
There are many things that Tony Stark is willing to and not to do. One of the things he is willing to do is to protect those he cares about. He doesn't like to see the people closest to him hurt, that's mostly why he spends copious amounts of hours locked in his lab to make sure that the team has their equipment up to tip-top shape to minimize any casualties or injuries. Well, that and sometimes he locks himself in his lab to escape some of the harsh realities or unnecessary conversations people want to have with him, but that's not the point. What Tony is not willing to do is sit back and relax knowing that those things that hurt Steve are still out there. That he wasn't going to let go so easily, because once again, he cares about those closest to him.
For the picture to truly be clear to Tony, he would need to get into the security footage and see exactly what happened. He passed by room after room until he finally stumbled upon a metal door with a white placard on the wall that said "Security Room: Restricted Access". He slid the security passcard into the lock on the side, a green hue emitting from the lock which opened the door slightly. He pushed the door open the rest of the way and made his way inside, closing the door behind him.
matter if he was skinny before all of this because he will always be Steve Rogers, the person Tony Stark has fallen in love with. He was more than just a lab rat; an experiment, everything special about him coming out of a bottle in Tony's words when they first met. However, he was wrong. Steve always had this amazing personality of his, always will be this amazing guy. He wouldn't trade Steve for anything in the world.
God, he felt like complete and utter shit for how he reacted. Why did he react that way? Why did he let his anger for his father make him hurt someone who only wanted to know more about him? All those people who called him an asshole, he wouldn't put it past them, he actually agreed with them, considering his actions in the past and just a few minutes ago. The guilt was eating away at him, but he made no move to try and make amends with the blonde, instead, he just sat here in his lab, avoiding the situation, and craving an alcoholic drink right about now.
Waking up with blurry vision was pretty overwhelming for him, as one half of the room, while he was laying sideways, was completely in focus, while the other half was just blobs and specs, unrecognizable. He looked at the door and just hoped that Tony would come through any second, but as time slowly passed, it was clear that wasn't going to be the case any time soon. And it's just this moment that makes him wish he was back at the compound with the genius because back then, Tony would always come to his room and get him for breakfast.
"You're right birdbrain, but I stayed up all night with Capsicle. It was a rough night for the guy." Tony admitted, stabbing his eggs with his fork and bringing them to his mouth. Wanda hummed in response, a small nod of her head for confirmation. The chair next to Clint was soon occupied by Natasha, who only had a cup of coffee to accompany her.
you. I mean, I shot a fake version of you but... I don't ever wanna be in a situation like that. It hurt so much." Tony felt his heartbreak for the soldier emotionally. This man has been through so much, and there's just more salt being added to his wounds by the minute. He couldn't even begin to imagine how he would feel if he were in Steve's shoes, but God does he wish he could be. All this pain, all this agonizing, unnecessary, twisted pain that Steve's been through, he doesn't deserve this.
"Oh, God, Stark they... Whatever those things were, they're out of this world. I... I couldn't stop them, I'm sorry..." She whispered into his ear before the doctors gently pulled her out of his grasp, setting her back down on the stretcher and hooking her up to some IVs. He stood there, watching as Clint fought for his life, and Nat's eyes spoke volumes to how shaken up she was. One thing crossed his mind as he slowly backed out of the room to sit on the chairs, just where exactly is Steve? He needed answers, and the only answers he could get were from the spy twins. He placed his hand in his head, and waited, hoping that they would be ok.
"Morning sleepyhead." He said. Steve stretched and turned his head towards Tony, smiling as the brunette made his way over towards him.
A dark chuckle echoed into the room, the source coming from Tony in front of me. He moved forward and sat in my lap, his body pressed against me, his head rested against my injured shoulder, causing it to flare in response. "Home you say, no that doesn't sound like a good idea. Firstly, I think you deserve to learn what happens when you make someone who worries about your care." I looked at him confused, my eyebrows furrowed. Soon that confusion turned into a muffled scream of pain through gritted teeth as I felt his finger press against the bullet wound in my shoulder. I could feel the flesh moving around, tearing as he dug his finger slightly inside the wound.
"I'm surprised she didn't hurt you." Steve chuckled lightly at his own sentence.
"We're gonna win, right?" Even if they talked about this earlier, there was still that nagging feeling in the back of his mind that made him think the worse. He felt the blonde wrap his arms around his waist and kiss the side of his head. He pulled back and his own smile was prominent on his face, and it only made Tony smile more when he saw it.
"Well, I'm glad you two are having your little fun in all of this. But I'll save you the trouble so that you don't have to owe each other anything, because Steve and I are never getting together." Before anybody, even Steve could respond, Tony got up abruptly from his seat and stormed off.
"I have been trying to tell you for the last minute, sir, that Captain Rogers has awoken from his slumber. But it appears you were too busy staring off into space."
"Any last words,
"It's fine. Like I said before, most people like to call me an asshole." She shook her head and chuckled, the weight of her guilt slowly diminishing. "I've come a long way since then, and I'm sure you can too. You have an amazing gift, Wanda, let's use it for something good."
"Uh... I made us dinner. But it's not anything fancy. I'm sorry if it's terrible, I should've made something different. I-"
"Tony... You're so tight. You feel so good." Steve whispered.
He tried to go to the gym to blow off some steam, just like he used to when he first got here. And it was a bad idea, to say the least. Each punch he tried to give to the bag, ended up with him missing and striking the air in front of it instead. For anybody who didn't know about his condition, they would laugh at him, thinking it was funny. To him, it wasn't funny in the slightest, it was torture, it was agonizing, every second he spent not being able to see, not being able to talk properly, added to the self-hatred brewing inside of him.
The ride was long, but he didn't care because he held Steve's hand all the way to S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ, placing soft kisses on the back of his hand, as well as rubbing it with his thumb. The ride was long, but the operation they took him to was longer, and it just brought forth all the panic, all the terror, all the negative emotions he was suppressing when he was kissing Steve.
"Fury, I need help. Send a S.H.I.E.L.D. medical crew to my location. I don't know where I am actually, but I'm sure you can figure it out. Steve is dying, so please get them here as fast as you can." He didn't bother waiting for a reply, the important task he needed to tell the spy had been finished, and now he could focus on the soldier.
"I'm just saying, Cap, maybe we should turn back and-"
"Do we have any idea where Steve might even be? We cannot waste any more time, we need to find him now before something happens."
"Stark, Thor." He heard Natasha's voice in his ear.
"I wo-would l-love tha-that!" And he's so happy that he places one final kiss on the short male's lips before setting him down, inching away slowly as he grabs his plate of food and starts to eat happily.
"It took a lot of courage for me to come down here, and I still feel uncertain as to whether I made the right choice or not. Some people would want space after they think their other half told them to kill themselves out of love, but..." He trailed off, lost in his thoughts as he tried to grasp for the right words to say without upsetting Tony. "What I'm trying to say, is that I'm ok with you putting boundaries on our relationship to not set me off, but at the same time I want you to cross those boundaries and just love me."
"Jarvis, how long has it been?" Tony asked, staring into the vast space of his lab.
"I would like that. I would like to spend a moment together."
"How many behind that door?" He asks as he walks down the stairs in a slight hurry.
"We need to get going and put a stop to this."
He knows that he didn't have a valid reason to get angry, because it wasn't Steve putting this distance between them, it wasn't Steve who was shutting him out, it was he who was doing all of this. He's been so preoccupied with fixing the situation Steve is in, that he's been inadvertently hurting him. He needs to realize that this isn't something that can be fixed with science. Steve isn't like his machines that can easily be put back together or something that he can make better. He's a human being, and you can't simply try to fix a human being, they're not machines, they have feelings, they breathe oxygen and if they break- which in this sense is a metaphorical term for death, there's no putting them back together so they're better than they once were.
for Tony ever since the day he left him alone in his bed, and here he is accusing him of leaving him once more. And he can't say anything back, so he continues to stand there and take it, small tears forming that begin to blur his vision.
"I'm sure you can get Jarvis to pull up the video feed on that one, but more importantly," he sighed and looked Tony dead straight in the eye, "did you mean what you said about you and me..."
"Do you have any recordings of the time Steve and I spent together?" He asked, hopefully.
quiet, it becomes unnerving. It's not to say that a superhero
"My oh my, I think I've corrupted Captain America. Fury's gonna be pissed when he hears about this." The two shared a chuckle, their arms wrapping around each other, pulling the other in for a hug. "Go kick some Hydra ass for me, my sexy Captain."
"This is some powerful stuff." I heard Tony mutter, the now empty syringe dropped on the table. The sound of metal scraping against metal met my ears, and I felt my head being pulled back once more by Tony's hand gripping my hair. "You want this to end, right? You want this pain and suffering to end?"
As he turned his head to face forward again, he couldn't help but notice Tony out of his peripheral. He could see how the geniuses shoulders were squared, one hand covering his left side, and he noticed the distance that Tony put between them, and how he seemed to slightly curl inward on himself. It was like he wanted to put as much space between them as humanly possible in this situation, and once again Steve cannot blame him, but it doesn't mean he accepts what Tony is doing, because it's so uncharacteristic of Tony. Then again, pain and suffering do change a person- and it's not a good change, much like how a caterpillar enters its chrysalis and emerges as a beautiful butterfly, because as beautiful as Tony is to Steve, he's more comparable to a bird whose wings were clipped. He soared above everybody else, high in the sky, enjoying his time in the sky only for someone to fuck up the wings he soared with, making him crash and burn.
When he arrived, Natasha was already waiting for him outside of HQ. No words were exchanged between them as she led them to the interrogation room. He felt antsy when they stepped into the elevator, and as they were getting closer, he was biting the inside of his cheek to try and calm his nerves. It was funny to him, really. How fast he switched from anger coursing through his veins, significantly prominent to him that he could feel the tips of his ears turn red out of anger, how hot his palms were when his fingertips touched them, and how tight his jaw felt when he clenched it, his teeth hitting each other and making a small, subtle dink sound in his mouth. Now, he was significantly nervous. His eyes were roving around the inside of the elevator, the sound it made as it descended was loud in his ear, he continued to bit the inside of his cheek, almost to the point that if he continued he would break the skin and taste his own blood, his hand felt sweaty, even though they weren't, but he still wiped his palms on his pants. He was swirling with emotions, and he hates it because he's usually got a tight lid on them.
The giant steel, circular island floating building in the water came into view, with lights on top shining brightly. He maneuvered his way just slightly above the water, coming so dangerously close to it that he could almost feel the water splashing on the front of his suit. He got close to the side of the island and slowly curved upwards, slipping between two light sources and onto the top of the raft. Now the first time he came to the raft was by helicopter, the top part in the center opened outwards when he was expected to arrive here after putting his teammates in here. He regrets subjecting Wanda, Clint, Sam, and that one random dude who calls himself Ant-Man, who he only found out afterward was named Scott Lang- not that it really mattered, but regardless in a way he was a superhero and he supposes he can call him a teammate even if he was against him. Either way, without the top half opening there has to be another way inside.
"Pardon my interruptions," the voice of Jarvis resonated into the kitchen area, "but Captain Rogers is patiently waiting to talk to you again."
"Yeah. What's up, Cap?" He replied. He heard a small sigh, followed by what sounded like Steve saying a silent thank you that he's alright before he spoke again.
"Well, who doesn't like to let their victims suffer? It's how we operate." A dark chuckle filled the room, sending a wave of pure terror down Tony's spine, making him shiver violently. "You see, it's not really about you, Stark. It was about getting rid of potential threats to the plans we have."
"Definitely a memory to keep." The ride to their respective floors was soon accompanied by silence as the elevator continued its ascension. Invisible words were hanging in the air around Steve and Tony, and it took a few minutes for Steve to finally inhale those lingering words, and let his voice carry them into Tony's ear. "Can I ask about your father?"
"How you feel. Maybe if you told him how this situation makes you feel, you could also reassure him that you won't push him into anything he is uncomfortable with." Wanda explained. He pondered for a moment. It wasn't a bad idea, really, it was totally logical that if he talked to Steve about this and told him how he felt about everything, then he could reassure him that they would go at his pace, not Tony's.
It was just like Peggy all over again; speaking to her on the line, only this time it was Tony. He loved Peggy, and now he loves Tony. He gave up his life so Peggy and the rest of New York could have theirs, and now he loses his life, the one Tony fought so hard for. He never got to finish his sentence back then, when he and Peggy planned that date- the one he never got to attend. And this time, well, it was just the same as last time.
"Calm down bird brain, I'm getting there." Clint rolled his eyes but stayed silent as Tony pulled out his phone and started to explain once there were holograms in front of him. "So, if you don't already know, these holograms in front of me," he pointed at them, "I took from the security room in S.H.I.E.L.D., and as you can see there's the fake Fury coming in the room to try and kill me. That was one instance that we know of." He pushes the holograms back into his phone and stands up from the couch, facing everyone. "Wanda confirms that there were three of them at the bunker, we've seen one of them at S.H.I.E.L.D. when they were pretending to be Fury, there's another one locked up, Steve got attacked by another one, that's three already, so you'd think it would be over right?
And what they saw is not what they had expected at all. They had expected a bunch of guards waiting for them, but instead of it was eerily quiet. In fact, it was like a ghost town, as if nobody was actually here at the moment.
"Your wish is my command, my handsome genius." Steve backpedaled slowly away from Tony, not taking his eyes off of him until he got closer to the door. Tony sighed as he saw the door close, Steve's form disappearing behind it. He turned around and sat on his stool once more, staring into space.
"Aye aye, Captain." He started up his thrusters and ascended into the air. His flight was clumsy, occasionally he had stutters in his flight and he would have to readjust the balance onto his other side as best as he could. "Hey, Thor."
"Glad you enjoyed yourself there." He swears that he can just
"You are correct, my oh so sexy soldier." He handed Steve his burger after he finished unwrapping his, taking a large bite out of it. The way the meat was so tender and juicy, the cheese perfectly melted and the bacon so crispy, the way his nose started to run due to the sauce being the perfect amount of spicy that he liked, it was pure heaven in his mouth. And the best part, there were no pickles. "You got me my regular order from my favorite burger place. God, you are too good to me."
See notes at the end
"That's my nickname for Nat. Together I call them the super-spy twins. Quite fitting, isn't it?"
He thought to himself. Time seemed to tick away, but realistically, everything was moving too slow; which in itself was pretty funny, considering when he woke up here and got slightly adjusted to the way things were in the 21st century, he remembered saying things moved too fast. He located the remote on the table, resting there undisturbed, mocking him as he continued to stare at the cursed application.
"You... You told me I was weak. You hurt me." Tony swallowed the lump in his throat, listening to every word Steve told him about what he dealt with back at the bunker with the fake copy of himself. "You made her," he pointed at Wanda, "look into my mind and made me relieve all these horrible things I wanted to forget. You told me that if I loved you... I would kill myself for you." He gasped loudly, a feeling of nausea creeping its way upwards. Those sick bastards took advantage of Steve when he was down and out of his mind, and to make matters worse, they tried to make him kill himself, and he thinks that Tony was the one who- oh god, he understands everything. That's why he's having a hard time trying to be anywhere near him.
is what Pepper must've felt like. God, no wonder she preferred not to be in a relationship with him, the suspense of just sitting around waiting for someone you cared for to return home was detrimental on the mind, it was the greatest fear imaginable.
Silence stretched and festered in the air between all of them, nobody knowing what to say. That is until Steve was the first to speak.
"I'm sorry, for judging you and not learning the truth until it was too late." She apologized. He shrugged his shoulders. It wasn't unusual for people to judge Tony's so quickly, after all, he did run a weapon manufacturing company that was overrun by his father's evil second in command, which of course he didn't know about which cost the lives of many people, but he's come a long way since then. It wasn't unusual for people to only see the surface of what Tony was willing to put out, only letting those he's super close with be able to see the real him, which of course is what his favorite super-soldier got to see every day.
