Dean rolled his eyes, shoving Sam's shoulder to get him out of his face. "Quit being so nosy and get the tube to fill up the gas tank," he snapped, stuffing the shirt into the pocket inside his jacket, away from Sam's lingering eyes.
“Fuck me, Cas,” Dean moaned, sucking Cas’ thumb into his mouth as Cas groaned softly, dragging his finger over Dean’s teeth and then back into Dean’s mouth. Dean moaned Cas’ name around the thumb in his mouth, over and over as Cas fucked him. His other hand was slow and gentle, exploring Dean’s back and down his side, his thigh, eventually coming to rest in Dean’s hair. Dean just kept saying his name, Cas, Cas, Cas, until he felt that warmth in his gut. “Cas, I-I need-” he started, trying to form a coherent thought as Cas slid two fingers into his mouth, dragging slow across his teeth as Dean chased them, loving the attention.
As Cas took the front seat, Dean rummaged through his stuff in the back until he found a clean gauze from one of the few first aid kits they had. He grabbed it and some of the pain medicine before walking around to where Cas sat with the door open, breathing in the fresh air. “Thank you, Dean,” he mumbled, his eyes staring at the ground. “You saved Jack. If anything would have happened to him. . .” he trailed off, shaking his head.
"Of course, angel," Dean mumbled, the pet name slipping out without meaning to. Cas looked at him curiously and Dean blushed, hoping he'd forget about it. "Sorry," he added, just because Cas wouldn't stop giving him that look.
“Cas,” Dean whimpered, despite Cas’ reassurance. “Please.”
Cas started to pull away, but Dean snapped his head to look at him, a desperate look in his eyes as he reeled the angel back in, holding onto his hand even tighter. "Don't," he choked out, the word catching in his throat. He didn't care that Charlie could see them, or that Cas looked confused. He didn't care. He wanted that feeling of Cas' hand in his. It was the only thing distracting him from the pain.
“It’s a wonderful car,” Cas agreed, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder as they drove down the empty street towards an unknown destination. “Besides, home isn’t just about walls and a roof. It’s just whatever makes you feel safe.”
“We’re almost there,” Jo announced, tightening her small hand around Dean’s as they ducked under low hanging tree branches. They were within the walls of the neighborhood for now, but they were getting dangerously close to the edge. “Just past the wall,” she continued, which was what Dean was afraid of. He was lucky he had his gun stuffed into the waistband of his jeans more often than not, because it would probably come in handy tonight.
Sam put his hands up in defense, as if proving he wouldn't say a word to John. "You know dad and I don't really get along. I try not to talk to him unless I have to anyways. There's no reason for me to get in the middle of whatever it is you two have going on," he explained, thumbing through his cards until he finally played one, resuming the game. "Unless he hurts you or Cas, and then I'll get involved," he added, without looking at Dean.
"I won't move," Dean promised, wiping a sweaty palm on his thigh as Cas smiled sweetly, finally looking away. Dean shifted around until he was semi-comfortable on the ground, but with his throbbing dick and how hard the floor was under his knees, it wasn't easy to sit still. Not to mention, Cas was still standing over him, counting the supplies in the cabinet above Dean's head. It was nothing short of teasing, which only made Dean's situation much worse.
Jack grinned. “We like you guys too,” he replied, happily. Despite the fact they were going separate ways after this, he still looked so at peace and happy around Sam and Dean.
Cas meets the girls :)
Dean and Cas get distracted on their way to Bobby's
“You’re doing so good,” Cas murmured against his skin, his breath hitching as Dean groaned around Cas’ thumb, dragging his teeth across the calloused skin. “You have no idea how long I’ve wanted this,” Cas continued, keeping his voice low as he moved to nibble at Dean’s ear, stroking his hand a little faster as Dean’s breathing became uneven. He could feel that familiar sensation in his gut as Cas talked to him. It wasn’t even anything incredibly filthy, but hearing Cas’ deep voice in his ear was sending him over the edge. “I’ve been thinking about touching you like this for so long, Dean.” From the other room, Dean could hear Charlie shuffling around counting inventory. The walls were thin, so Dean was really trying not to be loud, but it was hard.
A strange look of understanding passed over Charlie's features, as if she could see into Dean's head when he talked about the angel, but the look quickly passed and left Dean wondering if he imagined it. "I'd love to meet everyone," Charlie said, back to her lively self, an excited smile playing at her lips. Dean would have invited her in to meet everyone, but then he'd have to see Cas.
"Dean," Sam said, choosing the wrong time to finally open his mouth. Dean glared at him, but he didn't seem to care. He normally didn't. "We can at least look. She knows who we are. Maybe she knows someone we lost. Maybe she knew dad, or Bobby, or something," he reasoned, the grief showing in his voice. As much of an asshole John Winchester was, Sam still missed him. Dean knew that much. If Sam was right, Dean couldn't argue.
"It's nice to meet you boys," Bobby replied, holding out his hand for Cas and Jack to shake. Much more welcoming than John had been. It made Dean happy that Cas wasn't as tense meeting Bobby as he had been when he met John. "Glad you four had each other these past few months. I'm sure Sam and Dean were close to rippin' each others heads off after being confined together for ten years."
"Dean Winchester," he supplied, unsure of what else he was supposed to say. He didn't have a lot of interaction with people these days. At least, not friendly interaction.
“I’m just saying, there’s something going on,” Dean said, keeping his voice even as he took a step away from John, who looked like he was seconds away from swinging a fist. “Look, I’m not trying to say you had anything to do with Kaia’s disappearance, but maybe you should look into it. Until I find out who did this, she’ll be under my protection.” He had to lie in order to calm his father down, but it was the right course of action anyway. If John knew Dean was onto him, Dean would never be able to dig any deeper. He didn’t want John on his ass while he was trying to figure things out.
Thank you guys for reading/commenting, it really makes my day and motivates me to keep writing!
“The zombies are dead, Sam,” Dean interrupted, though he wasn’t sure why he was defending a guy who he didn’t believe in five minutes ago. “When I was out there earlier, I didn’t see a single undead.”
“She knows that you-”
“Come here,” Dean instructed, softly. He pulled Cas closer by the front of his shirt, gently reaching up to inspect the source of the bleeding. “This’ll need stitches,” he determined, finally. “It’s a couple hours back to the bunker, but I have stuff in the car to clean you up until we get back. Everyone out to the car.” He let go of his grip on Cas, pointing them out the door. Jack grabbed the bag Dean had given them before they left this morning and followed Cas outside towards the impala.
Dean swallowed hard, guilt setting in. “Sorry,” he mumbled, face red. He got a little carried away and he didn’t even think to ask if Cas wanted to do anything like that while there were people in the other room. It had happened once before, but that didn’t mean Cas was always okay with it.
Dean drove for an hour before he came across a house to check out. He parked the car out front and walked around the house, peeking in the windows to see if he could find anyone. He couldn’t just walk in if Cas was in there because he didn’t want to scare them. Unfortunately, there was no one in the first house. Dean even went inside after checking the windows and did a sweep of the house, but no luck. He did this for every house he passed for the next two hours. He was beginning to think it was a lost cause, ready to turn around and go home. He’d go the opposite direction tomorrow after getting some sleep.
Dean instinctively found himself wrapping the girl in his arms, hoping to provide comfort. Dean was on the receiving end of John’s words more than once and the one person who ever helped him was Bobby. And every time Dean ran to him, this was what helped the most. Kaia seemed reluctant at first, but eventually, Dean felt her arms around his waist, squeezing so hard it almost closed off his airway. “I’m sorry, Kaia,” Dean whispered, rubbing her back as he let her cling to him. “I promise, he’s not getting away with this.”
Dean cut him off by pulling him in and sealing their lips together for a gentle, reassuring kiss. It didn’t last long, considering where they were, but Cas pulled away with a smile. “It’s normal for you to worry, baby, but I’ll always come home to you.”
“Oh,” Charlie said, still with that confused look on her face. Dean felt his face get hot as he glanced up at Cas, then back to Charlie. Her eyes followed the same path, then realization washed over her face. “
John scoffed as he shook his head, completely unbothered. Dean had to restrain himself from saying something stupid that would derail everything. “Okay,” John said, waving his guys towards the door. “This isn’t over.” He still had that smug look on his face, like he knew something Dean didn’t, as he walked out the door after his men. When they were gone, Dean locked the door behind them.
"Alright," Dean said with a reassuring smile, wrapping an arm around her shoulders to drag her out of the room. They told Alex where they were off to and then they made their way to the medical building. The whole way there, they shared stories about Kaia and Cas and by the time they arrived, Claire was actually laughing.
Dean felt his face heat up in embarrassment at Cas’ words, knowing they were the truth despite him not wanting to admit it. He did trust Cas and for what reason? He couldn’t figure it out yet. At first, he thought it was because Cas was the first person he met after the undead were gone. Then maybe, just maybe it was because he was travelling with a kid, so how could he be evil? But what he would never admit, because it would sound so ridiculous, was that he trusted Cas because of the look in his blue eyes. He couldn’t explain it, but that was it.
Jo rolled her eyes playfully. "Fine," she grumbled, pulling Charlie closer to her side. "Let's go, Charlie. Leave the old man alone. It's past his bedtime." She stuck her tongue out childishly and Dean laughed, shaking his head as he waved them off.
“He fought a werewolf last night and neglected to tell me until this morning,” Cas said, probably glaring at Dean, but Dean was too busy closing his eyes to push down the nausea. “His arm was injured again.”
“Since you asked nicely,” Cas murmured, slowly slipping his fingers out of Dean. The loss of Cas inside of him lasted only a few seconds before Cas’s slicked up cock was pressing against his hole. Cas gently dragged his hands down Dean’s sides, pushing in slowly as Dean breathed deep breaths into the pillow beneath him. “You’re so beautiful, Dean,” Cas whispered, a heavy hand pressed against the small of Dean’s back as Cas’s hips came flush against Dean’s ass. “I love you like this.”
"That must be Eileen," Cas said thoughtfully, cocking his head to the side as the both of them continued staring like a couple of weirdos. "She's very pretty."
Dean eventually slumped back against a tall tree, the bark digging uncomfortably into his back as he sank to the ground. He had been walking for hours probably. The sun was close to setting, so it was late afternoon. Cas was probably going to be headed home soon, most likely expecting Dean to be there. Dean felt a pang of guilt knowing that he was probably worrying Cas a lot, considering the circumstances of him walking out in the first place. He just couldn’t go back yet because he knew Cas, or Sam, or
This chapter is a bit shorter than the others, but it's some good stuff :) I cannot tell you if there will be one or two more chapters, but I'm thinking one will do it. And an epilogue. Thanks for reading and commenting, you guys rock!
"Cas, Dean said I could have this room," Jack shared, sitting on the bed as he ran his hands over the new bedspread. "It's the smallest, but that's okay. I get my own room. I've never had my own room." He was still smiling that contagious grin of his, making Cas chuckle as he leaned against the opposite side of the door frame as Dean. This all felt so domestic, Dean was starting to enjoy it. "Not that I minded sharing a room with you, Cas. This is just a nice change."
Dean swallowed hard, ignoring the tightness in his chest. “Yeah,” he mumbled, his hand hesitating on the doorknob. He sighed softly, turning out the light as Cas crawled under the blankets. “Goodnight, Cas.”
,” she said again, scrambling off the bed. Her entire demeanor changed as she shifted closer and closer to the door. “Hey, so, um- I have to go count inventory so I can turn it in tomorrow, so Cas, just give Dean those pain meds and make sure he doesn’t pass out, okay?” she rambled quickly, backing up towards the exit.
Sorry for the delay, I've had major writer's block lately! Anyways, to make up for that, this chapter is way longer than usual, and well- you probably already know what's in store for you if you read the last chapter :) I hope it doesn't suck too bad. Thanks for reading, ily guys! <3
“Are you okay?” Cas asked, breaking the comfortable silence. He slid closer to Dean, attaching himself to Dean’s side as his hand rested on Dean’s thigh, just a gentle touch. “You went somewhere else for a moment there.”
Charlie set up a large overhead light that she clipped to a shelf on the wall and then got to work on Kaia. Dean would have offered his help, but he didn’t think he could stand. “Dean, are you alright? Do you need medical attention too?” Charlie asked without looking at him. She was cleaning up the wounds on Kaia’s face before giving her stitches and that took focus.
Dean frowned, shaking his head. “You’re not going anywhere,” he retorted, stepping away from his brother to gather his weapons for a run. “I’ll go, you sit tight. I’ll find some medicine while I’m out-”
"Dean," Cas whispered, and Dean heard him step closer. Dean had to get out of there, or he'd fuck everything up even more. He needed to sort things out properly before he told Cas the truth.
As they left the house, they fell into a comfortable pace walking down the sidewalk. Charlie had taken it upon herself to get introductions out of the way, so everyone was acquainted now. For a few minutes, she grilled Sam about his knowledge of all things nerdy and Sam was happy to oblige. She talked to Jack for a few minutes about all the great events they put on for teens and Jack seemed more than excited to meet other kids and have something to do. The whole time she interacted with Sam and Jack, Dean walked behind them with Castiel. However, they had so much space between them, they would have had to yell to have a conversation. That is, if they had be talking, which they weren't.
“This will all be over soon,” Cas assured him. Dean wanted to believe him, more than anything. He wanted everything to be okay, but as long as they were sitting around pretending everything was fine, nothing was going to get better. “As long as you don’t do anything like what you were planning to do tonight.”
"In that case," Cas answered, his feet shuffling closer to Dean, putting them even closer as Dean had to restrain himself. "I suppose I would go on this double date." Dean nodded, not trusting himself to use words because at this point, he was undressing Cas in his head, thinking about getting his lips on every part of his body. Cas slowly closed the cabinet above Dean's head, still writing something on the paper.
“Hello, Dean Winchester,” the man said with a crooked smile. Dean pushed the girls behind him, reluctantly slipping his hand out of Cas’, even as the angel tried to pull him back in. “I heard you’ve been searching for me.”
“I’ll see you in the morning,” Cas said, his voice quiet. “Goodnight, Dean.”
"Do people have jobs around here?" Jesse wondered, setting his bag on the porch as he leaned against the railing on the stairs. "We want to make sure we're pulling our weight. It doesn't seem fair for you to be doing all this work and we just eat your food and live in your houses."
"No," Dean cut him off, already thinking about how he wanted to do this. He'd been thinking about it since yesterday, while they were alone before dinner. Dean had almost brought himself to do it then, but they were on a time crunch. Now, it was just the two of them in this big, empty house and Sam would be gone for at least an hour, if not longer. "Let's go to the couch," Dean suggested, already dragging himself to the edge of the bed to stand.
Sam didn't seem surprised by Dean's sleeping arrangements, but Cas looked like he wanted to object. Dean didn't think he would after the silence seemed to settle over them, but then Cas shook his head. "I would like to stay downstairs as well," he insisted, throwing his blanket and pillow next to Dean's on the floor. "I'd feel much more comfortable knowing you're not down here alone. After everything you've done, it's the least I can do in return." His eyes held that same look of determination that they had on the stairs. He seemed to have found a way to get what he wanted when it came to Dean. All he had to do was give him that look, like Dean had no choice.
Cas gripped Dean’s hip hard with one hand, digging his fingers in as Dean involuntarily thrusted up into Cas’ mouth. Cas moaned quietly, squeezing Dean’s hips again, forcing the same reaction. Dean softly cried out Cas’ name, curling his hand around the back of his neck. With his other free hand, Cas cupped Dean’s balls, massaging gently the way Dean had shown him the last time Cas jerked him off. For a few brief seconds, he was surprised Cas had remembered how he liked it, but then all thoughts in Dean’s head were forced out as Cas bobbed his head faster, Dean’s cock pressing against the back of Cas’ throat with each down movement.
“You’d really be okay with that?” Dean asked, raising an eyebrow. “What happens if you find a guy you actually wanna be with? We just break up?”
Dean kept his hand close to his gun, just in case. They walked slowly through the hallway, the floorboards creaking under their heavy footsteps. "The salt keeps ghosts away, right?" Cas asked quietly, close on Dean's heel as they checked the empty rooms for signs of life, human or not. There were three rooms upstairs and one bathroom, so it didn't take long to make a round. So far, nothing.
“What if he’s-”
"I figured there was something going on about a month ago, but the past couple of days have been especially. . . revealing," he explained awkwardly. "I didn't want to say anything. I figured you'd tell me when you were ready. But if you're going to keep asking about Eileen, I'm gonna need something in return, Dean. I'm not embarrassing myself unless I have something on you too."
“I tried talking to you when I got home,” Dean defended himself, a small amused grin on his face. “You were sleeping. I was going to wait until you were awake, but I had to tell you.”
Dean stared at the man for a few long seconds, trying to piece things together in his head. This was the same man from the woods when Kaia showed up, dressed in the same clean looking suit, the same beady eyes, even standing in the same stance- feet apart, hands in pockets, and that stupid smug grin on his face.
“Great, then it’s settled,” Dean announced, glancing around the table to make sure everyone was in agreement. No one had any objections. Dean took that as a win. “We’ll pack up everything tomorrow and-”
Dean half expected Cas to come outside after him and demand to know why he had run out like he did, but the door stayed firmly shut. Dean was relieved to have a few minutes alone to calm his racing heart. He liked the quiet, especially since he hadn't really had a moment like this since he met Cas and Jack. He had no complaints about the company, but he forgot how nice the silence could be sometimes. So he sat there on the steps, leaning back against the wooden railing, his eyes closed as the wind brushed over his skin.
Jo chuckled, nodding her head to agree with him. “She’s always been like that. Never could hide anything from that girl,” she sighed, turning away from Dean to stare straight ahead. Dean still watched her, curious. “So- are we doing this or not, Winchester?” she demanded, sparing him one more short glance to get his answer.
Jo squinted her eyes, looking at him as if she were studying something. Eventually, she sighed. “Honestly, yeah, but I’m not as brave as you, or Claire, or at all really. I like both, so I figured I’d take the easy way out and just date dudes. That way, I never have to worry about. . . well, your asshole dad.” For a moment, they walked in silence, until Jo glanced at him again. “Why do you wanna know?”
"My brother's actually sleeping right now," Dean replied, the excuse pretty lame, but it was all he had. "And everyone else is unpacking." That was a lie, since their things were still in the trunk of the Impala.
“There’s not much to tell,” she answered, basically like a slap to the face for Dean. “We met here, obviously, like six or seven years ago. We became fast friends. That’s it. What about you and Cas?”
After a while, Dean sighed and pushed himself away from Cas, grimacing at the dried, sticky mess between them. He should have cleaned them up when Cas mentioned it earlier, but he was content for the time being. Cas chuckled at Dean's expression, easing the man off his lap to get up and tuck himself back into his pants. Dean laid back on the bed, watching Cas move across the room. "Are you coming back?" Dean found himself asking, even though they both agreed they shouldn't spend their nights together on account of Sam and Jack catching them.
When they finally made it back to the bunker, the moon was still high in the sky without a hint of sunrise, meaning it wasn’t as late as Dean had thought it would be when they returned. Maybe it only felt like hours looking for them, when really it hadn’t been that long. Dean’s concept of time wasn’t great when he was worried.
“What’s the matter, Dean?” Jack wondered, concern written all over his face. “Is Cas okay? Did something happen?”
"Charlie said you need your rest," Cas replied sternly, his hands on his own thighs while Dean tried -and failed- not to imagine those strong fingers pressing into the skin on his thighs instead. "What would you rather do?" he asked, cocking his head to the side as Dean yanked himself back to the reality where Cas wasn't touching him, and would never be touching him that way.
Dean licked his lips, watching Cas move his hand away from Dean's head very slowly. "You have no idea," he answered, making Cas smirk.
The silence settled again, so Dean licked his dry lips and leaned in closer, his fingers brushing the fabric of Cas' pants. "What happened?" he wondered, still watching Cas' expression, just to make sure he wasn't pushing him too far. Dean understood not wanting to talk about the past, especially if it was as painful as his.
Dean licked his lips, taking the seat next to Cas so he could eat too. “Just a couple things you might need for the next few days. I don’t want you two starving to death out there.” He didn’t look at the angel, instead focusing on his food in front of him. They were all almost done eating and Dean hadn’t touched his yet.
They made it to the medical building a few minutes later, after Jo had enough time to compose herself and think about what she was going to say. Dean walked in first and found Cas in the supply room restocking. Charlie was in the other room with Kaia, so Jo went off to find her, after they both wished each other luck.
Cas nodded gratefully, watching Dean slowly back away from him. "So. . . I'll see you tomorrow?"
A mischievous look passed over Jo's face, her arms falling to her sides. "Okay, you have my attention," she answered with a sly smile. "My answer depends on your answer to the next question."
"Now, usually, I'd let you guys pick your partners for group work, but this project is worth a lot more points than our normal worksheet," his teacher was saying, her eyes scanning the classroom as she picked up a clipboard. "I'll be assigning your partners for this project, that way no one can get distracted by their friends." A chorus of groans came from the group in the back, making Cas shiver. He folded his hands in front of him, leaning his forehead against his fists, waiting to hear his name. His teacher began rattling off names, partnering people up left and right. Castiel heard every name he could have been fine with get called before his own name. "Castiel Novak," she said slowly, her pen moving across the clipboard to his partner's name. "And Dean Winchester."
"What happened?" Cas asked, his voice rough. He let Dean lower him back down onto the couch without complaint, his eyes staring into Dean's for an answer. "Did- this can't be hell, so where am I? Did Crowley take my soul? Am I still-"
Dean had no choice but to fold at this point, because John wasn't budging. For today, and today only, he would hunt without Sam. He knew Sam could take care of himself, but that didn't mean he was happy about the separation. "Fine, who's the girl?" he grumbled, crossing his arms until he realized how much he resembled his father in that moment, and then he quickly shoved his hands into his pockets. "I want to have a decent partner, at least. Someone who knows how to wield a knife or shoot a gun would be nice." It wasn't so much the fact that John paired him up with a chick. That much he didn't care about. He knew plenty of great women hunters back before the apocalypse and even worked a few cases with them. This was about his childish tantrum he was throwing because instead of his brother, he had to deal with some stranger.
“Where you goin?” Dean mumbled, still completely out of it as he watched Cas walk across the room to the closet. Cas didn’t answer, just started rummaging through things until he found what he was looking for, which was the small bottle of lube Dean luckily brought back from the impala. Cas easily stripped out of his remaining pieces of clothing before crawling back into bed behind Dean. A few seconds later, Dean felt two of Cas’ slick fingers slide into him as Cas’ other hand grabbed Dean’s hip and forced him back up on his knees.
Dean winced when Cas cleaned his hand with alcohol, watching Cas work instead of meeting his eyes. "Can we talk about it later?" Dean requested, his chest feeling a little tight. He didn't really want to get into how he beat the shit out of a tree because he couldn't find the guts to punch his dad in the face. At least, not in front of the teenage girl who didn't need to hear about Dean's problems.
"Cas, I think it's break time," Dean announced, throwing his packet on the bed behind him. Cas was currently working through a word problem, so he ignored Dean for a moment to finish it. Dean, however, didn't appreciate being ignored because he grabbed the paper from Cas' hands, ripping his attention away from the problem. Cas started to object and grab it back, but Dean held it out of Castiel's reach. "Break time, dude," he repeated, tossing the papers next to his own. "I'm starving. It's dinner time."
"Don't worry," Cas whispered against his ear, kissing the soft skin on Dean's jaw. "We'll make it." Dean threw his head back in defeat, letting Cas have his way with him. It wasn't the original plan, but damn if he didn't want it.
Dean and Cas can't control themselves, and Claire calls Dean to talk about school
, Dean couldn’t fucking stand it.
“John-” Charlie started, the words breaking between her sobs, “came- and- he said- wanted me- but Cas-” she choked out, not making any sense.
Dean swallowed hard, trying not to think about that vamp almost killing Cas not even an hour ago. Instead, he focused his energy on these assholes, barging in and putting his brother in danger. "You thought it was-" Dean started, the anger creeping up his neck. Before he could explode, the girl, who looked far too young to be out here wielding a gun, rolled her eyes and cut in.
Cas watched the back of Dean's jacket as he walked, still holding that notebook to his chest, hoping it would help with his racing heartbeat. It didn't, but it provided some comfort, having something stable to hold onto. Even just a thin notebook. If Dean decided to turn around and punch him, it wouldn't do much to stop it, but Cas could pretend that it would. So he hugged it tighter to his chest as the approached what Cas assumed was Dean's car. A sleek looking black Impala. Cas let out a shaky breath as Dean turned to face him, his expression hard to read. He didn't look angry anymore. Maybe annoyed?
"We, uh- we only need one room," Jesse insisted, leaning closer to Cesar with a nervous smile on his face.
"Okay," Sam answered, dragging the word out sarcastically. "Dad will be happy, sure, but what about you?"
Cas looked a little guilty as he shoved the plate of food into Dean's lap, making sure Dean was eating. Dean rolled his eyes, but obliged and took a giant spoonful of the eggs on his plate. "I don't," Cas finally said, earning him a confused look. He hesitated, looking towards the door as Jack's bedroom door slammed down the hall. "I just wait for you to fall asleep and then I move to the couch," Cas explained.
"Thanks again," Jesse said as a goodbye, both of them waving enthusiastically as Dean left them to sort out their things in their new home.
"Yeah," Dean answered simply. "Just a precaution."
Dean hardcore glared at her as she smiled sweetly. "My arm is fine," he grumbled, ignoring Cas's concerned look at his change of tone. Instead of going into more detail, Dean watched Charlie take her turn, and then leaned in closer to Cas' ear. He put his hand on Cas' shoulder, squeezing without thinking as he whispered, "move that one," he started and Cas paused, moving his hand over the pieces until Dean nodded. "Yeah, that one, over there," he pointed, feeling Cas tense under his hold. Dean licked his lips, not moving an inch.
Dean vaguely remembered having a similar conversation to that, but he was too proud to admit he was wrong. He looked down at his food, stabbing an egg with his fork. "I don't remember saying that," he mumbled, shoving the food in his mouth as Cas rolled his eyes.
Eventually, Dean took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down, as Cas sighed contently beside him, already over his fit of laughter. They glanced at each other once they were both calm, matching smiles lighting up their faces. "Thanks," Dean finally spoke again, once he trusted himself enough to not start snorting again. Cas cocked his head to the side in confusion, still wearing that pretty smile. "For sharing all of that with me," Dean clarified, his mouth going dry. "It means a lot to me, Cas. It means a lot that you trust me enough to tell me all of that."
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean mumbled, feeling Cas brush past him to get to the table. Dean licked his lips, taking in the unfamiliar scene in front of him. Usually, it was just him and Sam quietly eating meals together. Now, there were four of them. It was too early to trust anyone fully, but Dean was starting to feel like things would be okay again. It wasn’t the same as a real family, his mom and dad sitting at the table with a home cooked meal as Sam babbled on about whatever he was learning that week. Dean dreamed about those nights often, as if it hadn’t been over twenty years since his mom died, and at least ten since they lost their dad. This wasn’t like that, but it was something. Cas and Jack weren’t replacements, but they still filled part of the hole in Dean’s chest. Enough to make him breathe a little easier than normal.
“Dean,” Cas said, breaking the silence as he reached out to wrap a hand around Dean’s upper arm, tugging gently to turn him around. Dean flinched away from the touch, but faced Cas anyways. Cas looked back at him with sad eyes, pity on his face. “Dean, I’m sorry-”
Dean felt his cheeks flush, thinking about the reason which he most definitely could not tell Jo. He could, however, tell her part of it. "I was a major dick to Cas yesterday and I want to make it up to him," he supplied, pretty proud of himself for not stumbling over the words in embarrassment.
Charlie squeezed Dean's arm in hers, looking pretty proud of Dean as he admitted that. It made Dean feel good, getting praise from someone, even a stranger. He wasn't used to it, but it was a welcome feeling. "It's my pleasure," Charlie replied. "Relationships are hard. Especially during an apocalypse," she added with a small laugh.
The place Dean saw John meeting with Crowley earlier today was close, but he still didn't have eyes on Cas. He could hear the sounds of growling and snarling from the hellhounds, gradually closing in on Cas from the opposite direction. Dean just had to get there before them. He'd been running for so long, his vision was starting to blur around the edges. He didn't stop. He
"Goodnight," Cas answered, relaxing completely despite this odd situation. Every part of him wanted to question it, but he didn't. He just went back to sleep.
Dean pulled out a chair next to Ellen, sitting down with the best smile he could manage. “Listen, Ellen, there’s something I need you to tell Bobby when he comes back.” He had a serious tone in his voice that made Ellen shut her book and meet Dean’s eyes with a firm look on her face.
They moved to the dining room, Dean still in only his sweats as they sat next to each other at the table. Cas placed a plate of food and coffee in front of Dean as they dug in, letting a comfortable silence settle over them for a few minutes. As Dean groggily took a long sip of coffee, he suddenly felt Cas’ hand cover his own where it rested on the table next to his plate. When he sat his cup down to look at the angel, Cas was already staring at him.
“A monster,” Dean corrected him.
"Of course," Charlie waved him off, complete understanding behind her words. "You just got here. I'll give you time to settle in before I talk your ear off some more. How about I walk you guys to dinner in a couple hours?" she offered, never losing that sparkle in her eye that Dean was growing to like. He definitely could have had worse luck with his neighbors. This girl was talkative, but sweet.
Cas let his head fall back against the couch as he sighed, "Oh Dean" with his eyes closed. Cas already falling apart under Dean's touch only encouraged Dean to keep going, so he surged forward, taking Cas in his mouth without warning or even thinking about what he was doing. He just knew he wanted to taste Cas, to make him feel good. Cas cried out, pulling Dean's hair
“Cas, please,” Dean begged, his fingers going numb as they gripped the sheets harder, his hips rocking back into Cas’ face, wanting more of Cas’ tongue inside of him, but also dying for Cas’ cock instead. “I need- need more,” Dean pleaded, turning his head to the side so he could breath, so Cas could hear him beg. “Need you, Cas.”
After John was gone, Dean felt himself relax, though he didn't realize he was even that tense until afterwards. When he looked up, he found Cas watching him, that worried look in his eyes. Dean froze, forgetting that he was trying to avoid the guy until they got home. It felt nice to receive some kind of emotion from him other than anger, or just outright being ignored.
"W-What?" Dean faltered, lifting their tangled fingers as if to examine them. Cas pushed them back down, only glancing at Dean for a second. "Cas, I'm fine," he assured the angel, but they both knew it wasn't true. "Really, Cas, you don't have to do this," Dean tried, hoping something would get through to him. Cas didn't look like he was budging, but Dean wasn't done punishing himself for being so stupid. He needed longer to mull over what he had caused. "Cas, come on, let go," he pleaded, but his voice was weak.
Dean's eyes widened in surprise, but Bobby didn't seem to be judging at all. That made Dean feel a little more comfortable about where this conversation was headed. Sure, Dean had told Bobby about his sexuality before, but that was years ago. What if Bobby's views had changed?
Cas managed to stay awake and alert all the way back into the neighborhood, but it helped when they ran into Sam halfway there. Sam was able to hold Cas up better than Dean, who was more exhausted then he was letting on. Sam seemed to notice right away, but he didn't say anything. He didn't ask any questions about the deal, or about the blood soaked through Dean's pant leg and the back of his shirt, where he hadn't even noticed he'd been clawed by the hellhounds.
"Okay," Jack agreed, following Dean's lead as he got up from the rickety old table, his heavy boots slapped the wood floor when he walked towards the door. As they made it outside to the sidewalk, Dean let Jack pick the route they would take. He didn't have a particular destination in mind, so it didn't matter much to him.
"What do we even do now?" Sam chuckled, smiling fondly at the way Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel's shoulder and held him closer. "I mean, John is gone. Our friends are safe. Do we just go back to normal? What are we supposed to do after the end of the world?"
“It’s okay,” Cas breathed, clearly afraid Dean was going to hurt him. “Why would I have to hold your hand?” he asked, completely straight faced. Dean would have taken that question as a sarcastic remark had it come from anyone else, but from Cas, it was an actual question.
"M' gonna come," Cas mumbled around Dean's fingers, thrusting into Dean's fist erratically, his head spinning.  Dean slipped his fingers out of Cas' mouth, instead holding onto Cas' shoulder, his fingers digging into Castiel's skin. "Dean, fuck- I'm gonna-I-Dean!" he cried, incoherent thoughts just flying out of his mouth as he came in Dean's hand, shooting hot stripes of come all over his chest, but he couldn't find it in him to care. Dean slowly moved his hand over Cas' cock, milking him through the orgasm, until Cas collapsed back into Dean's grip, breathing heavily. "Wow," was all he could manage to get out, the only coherent thought in his head at the moment.
“You’re lying,” Dean cut him off, his heart pounding nervously. He didn’t do this. He didn’t stand up to his father, call him out on his bullshit, even though he should have in the past. There were so many times Dean could have called him out, for Sammy’s sake, but he didn’t because he was scared. Now, he was just angry.
"I'll be fine," Dean promised, pulling Cas closer as the angel slotted himself between Dean's legs, letting Dean wrap his arms around Cas' waist. "Thanks to you two," he added, giving Sam a proud smile.
," Ellen retorted, pulling out a seat at the table to join them. "You haven't seen each other in ten years and all you want to talk about is cars?" she wondered, staring at them accusingly as both Bobby and Dean shrank into their chairs. "Bobby, you've spoken about Dean and his brother more than anything else before they showed up here. Hell, I feel like I've known them my whole lives cause of how much you talk about them. Tell me there isn't anything else you boys can talk about?"
"You have a strained relationship with your father," Cas observed, closer and closer, nearly slotting himself between Dean's legs. This guy had no idea what personal space was. "He used to control you. Maybe he thinks he still does. Yet you chose us over him," Cas continued, cocking his head to the side as he stared into Dean's eyes, and maybe even Dean's soul. Could angels do that? See into people's souls? Not that he had any kind of powers right now anyways, but it still made Dean panic a little at the thought of being so vulnerable in front of Cas. "That took great strength, Dean. I'm proud of you."
"Wait, Dean," Cas called, but Dean kept walking, his footsteps heavy and thudding against the hard floor, the sound loud in his eyes as he drowned out Cas' voice.
The cool night breeze was nice and soothing, but Cas’ skin against Dean’s was burning up. After about twenty minutes of laying in silence, Cas still glued to Dean’s chest, Dean carefully slid out from under Cas with a slight wince, ignoring the pain in his arm. “You fall asleep on me, stud?” Dean teased, turning over on his side to look at his angel.
"What are you talking about?" he retorted, shaking his head dramatically. "I'm a ball of freaking sunshine. They love me." Jo laughed again, throwing her head back as they bantered back and forth. Dean enjoyed making her laugh, but not in the same way he enjoyed making Castiel laugh. The feeling in his chest was completely different. Watching Jo laugh, he felt warm and comfortable, like he did with Sam and Charlie. With Cas, it was a tight feeling in his chest, one he didn't quite understand. Warm and comfortable, but also hot and intense.
“I’ve been meaning to find you, actually,” John started, before Dean could work up the courage to call him out. “I want to have dinner tomorrow at Bobby’s place. You and Jo have been seeing each other long enough for it to be serious. I think it’s time we talk about it.”
“You guys went on a date?” Charlie demanded, leaning halfway over the seat with a dramatically offended look on her face. “No one tells me anything! Where did you go? What did you do? Did you-”
Just as he promised, Crowley was waiting in the usual spot. When he saw them with John in tow, he genuinely looked surprised, as if he didn't believe they had it in them. "Boys! I'm so glad you could make it!" he grinned, the smirk turning sinister as Sam pushed John forward towards Crowley's feet. John fell to his knees with a groan. "Hello, John. Always a pleasure," he added sarcastically.
After two hours, though, the packet was only half way done. Their teacher must not have looked at the materials she put into the packet, or if she did, she was just evil. There was so much in there that they weren't going to be able to finish it and the model all in one day. Not to mention, after the two hours of working through the first half, Dean's stomach started growling loud enough to interrupt the peaceful silence.
“That’s not all I want,” Dean promised, sitting up so he could actually look at Cas, hoping Cas could see it in his eyes. He couldn’t say the words out loud any time soon, but he somehow still wanted Cas to know. “I want you, Cas. I want to experience it all with
"Just try it for a few minutes," Cas encouraged, his grip tightening. "You might be surprised." Dean sighed heavily, giving in at this point. They would be home within the next twenty minutes. He hoped Cas would get tired of this before then. Maybe his hands would get sweaty and he'd have to pull away. Maybe he only planned on holding on for a minute or two.
"Guys, I'm so sorry," he started, and immediately their faces dropped. "I forgot about tonight. Cas is sleeping and he's been so exhausted lately, I don't wanna wake him up. Can we have a raincheck?" He begged that they would understand, even if they were upset with him. Cas needed his sleep. He'd barely gotten any since they got to this place.
"Hey kid," Dean called, picking up a chess piece from the board as he waved it in front of Jack's face. "Wanna play a game of chess? I might go easy on you," he said persuasively, smiling like a child as Jack laughed.
Dean waited for the demon to continue, rolling his eyes once the silence stretched on longer than it needed to. “Okay, and?”
"Okay, fine," Dean sighed, averting her eyes to the tree in the yard behind Jo, just so he didn't have to look her in the eyes when he said, "I'm gonna let Cas. . .
“Positive,” Dean replied, standing up to collect the trash off the table. He threw the bowls away and put the dishes in the sink before returning to the dining room. Jack and Sam were deep in conversation as Sam tried to explain different kinds of monsters and how to hunt them to the poor kid. “I’m sure you guys are exhausted. How about I show you to your rooms?” Dean offered, saving Jack from another second of Sam’s endless knowledge.
When they arrived at Bobby's, they concealed themselves until they got a read on the situation. Bobby had managed to find John and apparently had invited him back to his place for a drink. He had somehow been able to convince John that he was still on his side, with Jody's help. They had sent Claire back to Jo and Charlie, which is how Dean had found out John was even at Bobby's. Claire told them everything she knew and argued with Dean about letting her help, eventually giving in and heading back to the medical building.
“Do you know how many souls it takes to keep Hell up and running?” Crowley asked, raising his eyebrows as his voice cracked with anger. “Ever since the demon virus, which was not our doing, all the damn souls have disappeared. There are only so many living people left. The deal was for your father to bring me twelve souls a year, and in return, I would protect his little town from monsters and demons.”
Dean’s face was even redder if that was possible. “Shut it, you sap,” Dean laughed, rolling his eyes. “And get out of bed.”
“Last night, my memories started to return,” she began, fidgeting uncomfortably as she leaned against the side of the house, making a point to avoid looking Dean in the eye. “I remember who took me. I’m not sure how to tell you this, but-” she cut herself off, nervously glancing up at Dean for only a second.
"Dean?" Cas called, relaxing Dean's nerves immediately. Kaia still seemed on edge, but she hadn't met Cas yet, so that made sense. Dean scooted to the edge of the bed, ready to get up to meet Cas, but the angel was already busting through the door with a worried look on his face. "Dean," he said again, once their eyes met and Cas relaxed a little.
Dean shook his head. “No, I want to be alone.”
"That's right!" she declared, grabbing his shoulders excitedly. "You're gonna be great! Now, go get him, tiger!" Dean tried to object, but Charlie wasn't listening. She turned him around, shoving him up the stairs, this time overpowering him because he knew she would get her way in the end. "And don't let me find out you didn't talk to him. I'll lock your asses in a room together until you work it out," she threatened, and Dean knew that wasn't an empty threat. He believed Charlie really was capable of whatever she put her mind to, and that was kind of scary.
Bobby hadn't changed much in ten years, Dean noticed. Most people would be different after surviving an apocalypse, but not Bobby Singer. He was still the same stubborn old man the Dean looked up to as a father figure. He still rolled his eyes when Dean said something absolutely stupid, and he still called Dean an idjit anytime he did something that Bobby disapproved of. The only thing different about the man was his wife, Ellen. Dean never thought Bobby would move on from his first wife, considering the horrible circumstances of her death. Bobby never talked about it and Dean never asked, just like they didn't talk about Mary. But now, Bobby was happy with Ellen. They had too much in common, the way neither of them took shit from anybody. They were both stubborn and they held out as long as possible, even in pointless arguments. It was amusing to watch from Dean's point of view.
Cas hesitated, suddenly a little worried about having Dean in his room. He quickly shut down those negative thoughts and straightened his back, trying to look more confident so Dean would stop giving him that worried look. "My room," he answered, gesturing for Dean to follow him. He led the way through the house, down the hallway until he made it to his room and pushed the door open. He was glad he had the motivation to clean today, otherwise this would have been really embarrassing.
"Alright, sure," Dean agreed, shooting an enthusiastic smile towards Jack as the kid beamed at him. "The weather's nice, maybe we could go for a walk or something."
"We just decided we're better off as friends," Dean replied lamely, not really knowing how to start talking about Cas. He wanted to tell Bobby, but he wanted to make sure it was safe to do so. "I think she's really sweet and beautiful, of course, but just not what-" he cut himself off, shaking his head softly.
“Just tell him we had to make the deal. Something came up.” Dean knew Ellen hated when she was left out of the loop, so he didn’t want to make it worse by telling her about the demon deal and Cas now, after the fact.
“I’m going,” Sam waved him off, pushing his chair back from the table. Satisfied, Dean led the other two towards where they would be staying.
“Perfect,” Cas agreed, and then he was kissing Dean again, his hands under Dean’s shirt, hands sliding gradually past Dean’s stomach as Dean leaned into the touch. Dean dropped the blanket on the ground, still folded all nice and neat, as Cas pushed Dean up against the side of the Impala, working his hands higher up Dean’s torso, suddenly brushing the pad of his thumb over Dean’s nipple. Dean let out a sharp breath of surprise, his hips involuntarily thrusting forward into Cas’, his hands reaching for any part of Cas he could reach. Cas took this as an invitation to explore more of Dean’s skin, and somehow, Dean’s shirt ended up on the ground as Cas worked his tongue over a sensitive nipple. Dean threw his head back as his fingers worked their way into Cas’ hair, tugging gently with each flick of Cas’ tongue.
Please don't kill me!!! :) I promise this has a happy ending!
Dean’s plan of sleeping in went out the window as soon as Cas woke up. The angel untangled himself from Dean’s arms and slipped out of bed with a kiss to Dean’s temple, which was how most mornings started. Dean tried slipping back into a blissful sleep, and for maybe twenty minutes, he succeeded. He was woken up again by warm hands gently caressing his bare skin, light kisses along his jaw as Cas whispered Dean’s name against his skin.
Unfortunately, the moment was over when a loud knock came from the front door. Dean shucked the blanket and pillow off his lap, ready to get up and answer it, but the door was already being pushed open, revealing John, dressed in his clothes for the day and a bright smile on his lips. "Goodmorning!" he beamed, and Dean tried to smile back, but he was still too tired to be pretending he was happy to see his father.
“No, Cas, it’s not,” Dean replied, even though he was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t understand him. “I shouldn’t have run away like that. When you told me you wanted to be with me, I should have told you. . . I want to be with you too. I’ve wanted that for a while now, but I’ve been too scared to tell you.”
Dean finally made it home, just as the sun was beginning to set. People were out walking, on their way to dinner. None of them paid Dean any attention, or stopped to talk to him. Meanwhile, Dean’s mind was racing. These people had no idea. They didn’t know that innocent lives were sacrificed so that they could live in peace. They were living in blissful ignorance, and Dean almost wished he could be like them. He wished he never found out what his dad was doing, because now he had to decide whether his own father should live or die. Killing monsters was easy, killing people was hard, but killing family was something Dean had never thought about, nor wanted to think about. After his mom’s death and living ten years thinking John was dead, this situation was not something Dean saw coming. He was devastated it had come to this.
Sam sighed, a sad look taking over his features. "You're not happy, are you?" he asked, not accusingly, but it still made Dean's stomach feel uneasy. He didn't answer. He looked away from his brother, staring down at his lap. He couldn't lie to Sam because Sam knew him too well. "I know you and dad had your differences back then. I guess things haven't changed."
"Sure," Cas agreed, and then they parted ways. Dean didn't drive away until Cas was safely inside his empty house.
John’s eyes widened, his hands reaching for Dean’s shoulders. “Dean, please, I had to-” he tried, but Dean cut him off with another hit to the face. “Fine! He’s tied to a tree in the forest where I usually meet with the demon. I already called Crowley. He’s sending his hounds for the soul. You’re too late, Dean.”
would have questions that he couldn’t answer.
Charlie's eyebrows shot up in confusion, but Dean could only offer an equally confused shrug in response. "You don't even work here," Charlie grumbled, even as Jo threw her a sweet smile over her shoulder before dragging Dean into the next room and shutting the door behind them. He heard Charlie yell something about "defiling guys who have boyfriends in the supply room" but he couldn't make out every word.
Dean cleared his throat, giving a small nod of acknowledgement. “Great,” he said, and then let the conversation revert back to small talk as they finished eating.
“Actions have consequences,” John replied, a hint of smugness on his face. “If you steal, you get punished. That’s just how it works. Someone is going to be punished for this. You can’t be everywhere all the time.” Dean knew there was more behind the threat. Something more than just a slap on the wrist, or being locked away without food for a week. Who knew what would happen if John got his hands on one of Dean’s friends? They’d probably become the next sacrifice for Crowley.
“Does it look like I know how to read lips?” Dean retorted, glancing down as Sam rolled his eyes. “Fine, I’ll try,” Dean grumbled. He hoisted himself up a little further, watching Ketch intently. The man was nodding as John talked, his voice too muffled for Dean to hear him. Finally, Ketch opened his mouth. Dean tried to make out the words, which looked something like, “meeting with Crowley.”
"You had the shotgun cocked and everything," Dean remembered, a small smile playing on the edges of his lips. Bobby huffed out a strained laugh, shaking his head at the memory. "When you found out what he did, how he sent me away for the whole year and lied to Sam about it, you actually almost shot him. I always felt guilty that I secretly wished you had pulled the trigger."
“Aw, how romantic,” Jo cooed, messing up Dean’s hair from where she sat behind him.
Cas wasn’t exactly happy about Dean running off again so soon after getting back, but Dean had no choice. He had to find Sam before John did. There was no telling what John would do or say to Sam to somehow fuck things up even more. Not that Sam would willingly follow John, but if John had some kind of blackmail, that was a different story.
Dean had a knot in his stomach as they approached the gate where the others were starting to gather. Jo slipped her small hand into his as if to comfort him, which was appreciated, but it wasn’t the same as Cas squeezing his fingers to calm Dean down when he was nervous. Dean hadn’t seen his father since the fight yesterday so he was scared things were going to be bad. He didn’t want the others to see an argument between him and his dad, especially not Jo and Claire, who were already worried about him. Not Sam or Bobby either, because they would jump in between Dean and John in a heartbeat and get themselves hurt. That was the last thing Dean wanted.
"How about in the morning?" Dean answered sleepily, his eyelids drooping with exhaustion. Cas really tired him out today.
“This feels much better. Thank you,” Cas said, as they turned around at the same time. Cas’ eyes lingered on Dean’s chest for a moment, but then he looked away quickly. “Are you sure you don’t want me to sleep on the floor?” he asked, lingering on the edge of the bed.
“Please be careful,” Sam replied as he yawned, pulling the blanket back over his shoulders when he laid back down in the bed. “Let me know if you find them.” It was odd he didn't put up more of a fight, or ask to come along. Maybe Sam knew Dean needed to do this alone. Or he just didn't feel well enough to get out of bed, which was a more believable option.
“You found that girl?” Bobby asked, keeping his voice down so only the few of them who were there could easily hear.
“A nickname,” Cas finished for him, making Jack’s face light up as he realized the word. Dean noticed this kid was odd, but he wasn’t one to judge.
Are you guys ready to see Cas taking care of Dean? ;)
"I'm fine, Cas!" Dean promised, trying his best to smile at him, but Charlie pressed her fingers into his arm and he cried out in pain instead.
With a heavy sigh, Dean pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around himself, letting the slight breeze cool the sweat coating his neck and face. He was exhausted and his injured arm was aching, but he hardly noticed it. He was too busy thinking about everything else to feel the pain in his arm. He was thinking about his dad and how much he wished he could tell him to shove it, the same way he tried to today. He thought about how much Cas meant to him and how he would never give him up, even if it meant leaving this new life behind to start somewhere else. He thought about his friends, Charlie, Jo, and even Claire. They hardly knew him, yet they were willing to risk everything to help him find even a sliver of happiness. Dean thought about his mom and how much different things would have been if she were around. She would have loved Cas as much as Dean did. John wouldn’t have a say in it at all if Mary were here.
As much as Dean wanted to sleep next to Cas every night, they both agreed that it was a one time thing- at least for now. Dean didn't want Sam or Jack to start asking questions, especially while things were still. . . new. They hadn't even talked about it much, not since their little moment in the back of the medical building. After John reduced Dean down to a crying, dramatic mess, Cas had held him until Charlie came into the room to interrupt them. She didn't ask any questions, but the look on her face revealed that she had a good idea what was wrong with Dean. After that, Dean excused himself with a lame excuse of not getting much sleep the night before, which wasn't exactly a lie, and went home.
Sam sighed, running a hand through his hair as he thought about it. “Okay, fine, but keep your distance. If he sees us, we’re dead,” Sam conceded.
Dean smiled back, kissing her cheek in greeting. Dean found that he really liked Ellen and thought she was a good match for Bobby. Even though he had only met her for the first time when they first moved here a few weeks ago, it felt like he had known her much longer. “We actually need to talk to Bobby,” Dean said, and then, “but thanks for the offer, Ellen. We appreciate it.”
Dean leaned down abruptly, grabbing John’s shirt to pull him a few inches off the ground. He whipped his gun across John’s bloodied face before slamming him back into the concrete. “I know about the demon deal. Tell me where Cas is or the whole town finds out you’ve been killing innocent people to keep that wall up.”
Dean ran his hands over the wheel with a happy sigh, listening to the engine start up. It had been weeks since he was behind the wheel and it felt nice, especially with Cas beside him. This car used to be Dean’s happy place, the only time he ever felt like he could be himself. When John would stumble home drunk after closing a case, or when he would get violent and Dean would have to leave the house, that was where he went. Sometimes, he had to steal the keys after John fell asleep, but it was always worth the risk to be able to drive back roads at night and sit in empty parking lots, just listening to music and having space to breathe.
“Okay, please just be careful today,” Cas sighed, giving in as stepping through the threshold. “Promise me you won’t be reckless?”
Cas moved in a little closer, their foreheads almost touching. Cas must not have been able to tell how close he was in the dark, but Dean couldn’t think about anything else. “Tell me what?” Cas demanded, his breath hitching in his throat as Dean held on tighter. He didn’t want Cas to let go, or move away. He wanted to keep him there forever, just like this. “Dean, what did you tell me?” he asked again, softer this time.
Dean thought about it. He would be doing everyone in that neighborhood a service by keeping the wall up to make sure the monsters stayed out. The cost would be spending eternity in hell with only a good ten years left on earth with Cas and the rest of his family. Was it worth it? Maybe, but Dean was more selfish than he cared to admit. He didn't just want ten years with Cas. He wanted fifty. Maybe more, if that were possible. He wanted forever.
"Whatever, jerk," he snorted.
"Alright, fine," Dean grumbled, shoving past the three of them to get to his bag of clothes. He couldn't win an argument anymore with the three of them teaming up against him. He grabbed a pair of pants and a shirt to sleep in from his bag, not bothering to wait for everyone to leave the living room before stripping down to put them off. Before he was completely changed, Sam and Jack had said their goodnights and trudged upstairs to get some sleep. Dean folded up his shirt and jeans, his hand catching on something in his pocket. He suddenly remembered Cas' tie that he folded up and put in his pocket. He grabbed it out, turning around to look at Cas, who was still in his regular clothes. "Here," he mumbled, stepping closer to the angel with a hesitant look on his face.
As they approached the house, he felt a bit of dread set in, knowing he'd have to let go. Cas slowed down at the end of the block, their feet dragging the sidewalk. "Do you want to stay out here a while longer?" he asked, gesturing to their hands. Like it was some kind of medicine. The longer they held it, the better chances that it would work. If only it really worked that way.
Ignoring Dean's half-hearted advances at morning sex, which was always on the table, but Dean didn't expect anything, Cas leaned back down to peck Dean's lips. "Let's go get food," he said, dragging himself out of bed. He started to dress himself, so Dean groaned and followed his lead. He was able to get dressed without Cas' help, even if it took him longer than it should have. Once they were dressed appropriately to go out in public, they walked out of their room, only to find Sam and Jack sitting at the table with food already in front of them.
"He already knew about me. I told him years ago. So yeah, I told him about Cas because he already figured something was up," Dean answered, getting a little antsy as they basically held him hostage. "Speaking of, I really want to go find Cas, so-"
“Forget about everything else,” she called up to him, rocking back on her heels as Dean blinked in slow motion, letting her words sink in. “Just think about him. You know what to do,” she continued, soothing Dean’s nerves. They talked about this. She was right. Dean just had to tell the truth.
"Charlie," Castiel's frantic voice said, looking over her shoulder as she worked. "What can I do? How do I help him?" Dean was focusing on Cas' face, those blue eyes, because it helped distract him from Charlie digging around in his arm. Well, she wasn't exactly digging into his arm yet, just cleaning the blood away, but it sure felt like she was jabbing him with a sharp knife.
“It’s fine,” Dean assured him, giving Jack a small smile. “Be careful out there,” he added, watching them walk away. He wasn’t sure why, but there was a knot in his stomach that he chose to ignore. Once they were out of sight, which took nearly five minutes for them to turn out of view at the end of the block, Dean headed back inside to finish his meal. Sam hadn’t moved from the table, but his food was gone. “You get enough to eat?” Dean asked him, offering his own serving to his brother. He was hungry, but Sam was the sick one.
Dean knew his face was red now, there was no hiding it. He didn't know how to respond without saying something stupid, so he stuttered out a few words, trying to come up with something, until Bobby swooped in to save his ass. "Ellen, leave the boy alone," he grumbled, which only earned him an eye roll instead of a glare this time. "Can you give us a minute, hon? I wanna talk to Dean about something. More car stuff," he added, which Ellen did not believe for one second. She gave them both a suspicious look, but sighed nonetheless and got up from the table.
“You make it sound like it’s gonna be easy,” Dean said with a small chuckle, shaking his head.
“Oh, so easily,” Dean admitted shamelessly, leaning down to give Cas a lingering kiss, slipping his tongue past Cas’ lips just to tease him a little. He pulled away before either of them could get too carried away. “If we don’t get out there in the next five minutes, Sam’s going to bust down the door and see something that will scar him for life.”
Cas obliged, letting Dean reel him back in for more kisses. Dean wound his fingers into the fabric of Cas’ t-shirt, wanting to bring him closer, despite being pressed against him in every way possible. He frantically tugged him closer and closer, licking into Cas’ mouth, his head spinning as Cas gripped his thighs hard. Dean groaned into the kiss, sliding his tongue against Cas’ as he moved his hand to palm Cas through his jeans.
"Dean," Cas said, nearly cutting him off. Dean didn't move towards the door. "I know you said we couldn't sleep in the same room anymore. But- what if I really can't sleep?" he worried, working his tie the rest of the way off his neck, forcing the heat to creep into Dean's cheeks.
“I don’t think so, Dean.” Cas cocked his head to the side, giving Dean a disapproving look.
"That was. . ." Dean started, trailing off. Why did it matter? So it was the same vampire Dean couldn't kill last night. He looked for that thing for an hour, but he couldn't find it. He couldn't kill it. He couldn't keep Cas safe. It almost killed Castiel. Dean almost got Cas killed.
"Oh, come on," Ellen answered with a bit of a smirk. "The two of you are like peas in a pod. Almost like Jo and Charlie. There's gotta be more to it."
Sam mumbled something Dean didn’t understand, tossing and turning until he finally faced Dean, his face pale and sweaty. “Did you have any trouble?” he asked, referring to the undead. “I should’ve been with you.”
Dean relaxed a little, taking his own turn before saying anything. "You and dad really got into it when you left for college," he remembered, wincing at the memory of John and Sam screaming at each other in a run down motel room while Dean stood outside the room, pretending not to listen so he didn't have to get involved. "I didn't expect you to be so happy when we found him, considering the last time you spoke to him, you two basically disowned each other."
“Alright, angel, I’m up,” he sighed, wiggling out of Cas’ arms so he could sit up all the way. He took in the sight of Cas still laying next to him, propped up on one of his arms. He was wearing jeans and Dean’s favorite shirt, which now seemed like Cas’ favorite shirt too.
Dean climbed into bed to reconnect their lips, bringing Cas as close as possible. Cas smiled into the kiss, gently nudging Dean onto his back without breaking away. This time, Cas took his time opening Dean up with his fingers, leaning over him to pepper kisses across Dean's jaw and down his neck. Dean loved when it was like this, unhurried and slow, like they had all the time in the world. Cas was so sweet and gentle like this. Not that Dean didn't like it rougher, faster, harder- that was awesome too. That was fun. This- this was an out of body experience.
For a few minutes, they fell into a comfortable silence, just enjoying the nice weather. "I haven't had a chance to really ask yet," Dean started, shoving his hands deep into his pockets as he glanced at the kid. "But how are you liking it here?" He knew Sam was happy, could see it in his face and the way he talked. Jack seemed content, but then again, the kid always seemed that way. He never had much resistance unless something really bothered him, so Dean figured he was happy too.
Cas tightened his grip on Dean's hair, pulling hard as Dean nipped at the skin on Cas' hips, licking at the hot skin beneath the waistband of his jeans. "If you want to continue this later, you have to stop doing that," Cas breathed, using his grasp on Dean's head to yank him back, pulling an unexpected groan from Dean's lips. For a moment, Cas stared at him and Dean blushed furiously, trying to ignore the fact that Cas doing that turned him on so much. "You're going to be the death of me, Dean Winchester," Cas mumbled, shaking his head as he smoothed his fingers through Dean's hair.
"Okay, I get it," Cas chuckled, shaking his head. "Yes, we helped, but we couldn't have done any of this without you, Dean."
Dean laughed, shaking his head fondly. "Yeah, that's how she was when we first met, too."
“Your dad doesn’t approve of this person?” Jo wondered, any ounce of anger she had before leaving her body. “Why not?”
"I second that," Charlie snorted. "Keep it in your pants until he's done. John is expecting those papers tomorrow morning."
"Wait, Jo- as in the girl who shot you?" Sam questioned, not angry, just surprised. Dean only nodded, wanting this to be over with. "Guess first impressions don't mean much to Dean Winchester," he teased, and Dean only rolled his eyes. "Did you ask her out before or after she shot you?"
Cas shrugged. "Either is fine," he answered. Dean smiled, or more so grinned, as the pizza place picked up. Cas watched him, intrigued by this Dean Winchester, so different from the one he thought he knew. The one who bullied kids at school, who seemed to be as dense as rock, and who would never in a million years be standing in Cas' bedroom ordering them pizza on a Saturday night.
Dean made Cas wait outside while he grabbed their dinner, just to make it a quick in and out trip. Once he had their food, they continued towards the wall, taking a path through the trees a little out of the way, just to make sure no one was following. When they made it to Baby, it was starting to get dark outside. Dean dug the keys out of his pocket and unlocked the doors, handing the food to Cas as they both climbed into their seats.
Dean rolled his eyes, his arms getting heavy with the weight of the cans in his bag and water in his arms. “Just call me Dean,” he grunted, gesturing with his head for them to follow. He wasn’t sure why he was helping them because he never cared about the other survivors before. It was every man for themselves in this world. He knew he could take these guys easily if they turned out to be crazy murderers, but Cas just didn’t fit that description.
“Of course I do,” Dean growled, frustrated more with himself than anything, but Jo wasn’t helping. “But there are too many reasons why we can’t be together, and that’s the part I don’t know how to say. I don’t want to tell him I love him just to say we can’t be together.”
Jo hesitated, still smirking. "Oh, I see," she hummed, her hands settling on her hips. "You're gonna let him fuck your brains out, aren't you?"
"Maybe for a little while," Dean managed through his ragged breathing, tilting his head back into the pillow as Cas mouthed at his neck, hot and heavy against Dean's delicate skin. Cas mumbled something against Dean's skin, but Dean was too lost in the sensation, too focused on Cas' fingers teasingly circling taut nipples and dipping lower, lower, pushing at the band of Dean's sweats.
Sam snorted, grabbing a book off the other end of the table. He held it up, gesturing to it lazily. "I'm gonna go read for a few hours at the park. Go see Cas," he explained, jerking his thumb back towards the hallway where Cas was in bed sleeping.
"How long ya been here?" Bobby asked, gesturing for them to sit down at the table. They all three sat, giving enough space for the others to walk into the kitchen too. Bobby glanced at Cas and Jack curiously, but was still waiting for an answer to his question.
"This is why I told you to sleep in the bed," Cas said, his words short and clipped. Dean hated that tone in his voice, as he'd never heard it before and it wasn't right. It wasn't Cas.
Dean stood, holding the tube between his fingers as he sighed, hesitating. He was tired, but he was used to running on little sleep. Maybe, this once, he could allow Sam to drive, but he wasn't going to be happy about it. "Fine," he grumbled, handing the keys over. "But you're filling up the gas tank," he added, holding out the tube for Sam to take.
Dean shrugged, not wanting to overstep his boundaries. “Just the way you look at Charlie, and the way she reacts when you’re around. I’m sorry if that offends you in any way, I just couldn’t help but notice. It’s the same way I’ve looked at Cas since I met the guy.”
Dean opened his mouth to agree with Sam, but was cut off by a smug, “Hello, boys,” as Crowley suddenly appeared in front of them. Sam jumped a little as Dean let out a surprised yell, rolling his eyes once he realized who it was. “My ears were burning. I thought you must be talking about me.”
Claire nodded, taking Dean's outstretched hand to drag her off the bed. Without warning, she wrapped her tiny arms around his waist, burying her face in his chest as her tears soaked through his shirt. He rested his hand on the back of her head, letting her get it out of her system before he dragged her out in public.
The silence was deafening. Dean thought he had made a mistake by bringing this up. Maybe he was the crazy one. Maybe they should just stay in the bunker where it was safe. But they were going to run out of food soon and they were down to their last few sources of light. “Maybe we can talk about this later,” Dean mumbled, feeling stupid now that no one was agreeing with him.
Soon, they were counting in comfortable silence after Cas gave Dean half of the inventory sheet. With the two of them doing it together, it didn't take long. Dean was on the last few items, which were unfortunately located in another cabinet on the ground, so he was on his knees, trying to keep his balance with the use of only one arm.
"That's good to know, but I'd like to stay here for a while. Jack is finally happy and Sam too. And as long as I'm with you, I'm happy as well." He raked his fingers through Dean's hair, a sweet gesture that Dean leaned into, letting his eyes flutter close to just enjoy the sensation of Cas' touch. "I'm almost done counting," he promised, after a few moments of silence. "Tell me more about your day."
“It’s nothing,” Dean nearly whispered, taking the clothes from Cas’ arms. He silently hung them up in the closet, which he never used anymore. He was too lazy to hang his own clothes, but he didn’t want to ruin Cas’ clothes by wadding them up like he did his own wardrobe. “Don’t rush off in the morning. I’ll make sure you guys have a meal before you leave, alright?”
"Wait," Dean cut in, his heart hammering against his chest. "You mean to tell me- you're telling me that Jack, innocent and sweet Jack, is Lucifer's kid?" Cas hadn't come out and said it, but it was the only logical explanation. Jack was half angel, which didn't happen often as far as Dean could tell.
"Or," Sam interrupted, earning him a glare from Dean. "You could hang out with Jack today. He's got the day off, don't you kid?"
“And Kaia is safe right now?” Jody asked, still holding Claire against her chest, running her fingers through Claire’s hair to comfort her daughter. Dean wasn’t sure how much Jody knew, if she just thought Kaia was her daughter's close friend, or if she knew the truth.
Dean laughed harshly, shaking his head. Of course it wasn’t a prison. Dean knew what it was like being locked up somewhere, unable to leave, being mentally and emotionally tortured, sometimes even physically when he didn’t listen the first time. Living here with John was horrible, yes, but it wasn’t as bad as that year of Dean’s life he’d never get back. At least now, he had Cas and he had friends.
“This is not keeping your distance,” Sam hissed, stumbling over the ground as he tried to sneak his way up to the side of the house next to Dean. “What if he looks outside and sees us?”
"Dean," Cas said again, firmer this time, as if it were a warning. Dean blinked slowly, eyes meeting Cas'. He didn't say anything. He couldn't admit what was going through his head. He knew Cas would argue against it, try to rationalize everything, but Dean wouldn't believe it. He just wanted to get home. He wanted to make sure Cas at least got home safe, in one piece. He wanted to make sure Sam and Jack were still okay. "That was what, Dean?" Cas asked, or more so demanded.
"I've always been alone," Dean found himself saying, rubbing his hand over his face, pressing them into his eyes to will the tears away. His biggest fear used to be ending up alone and broken, turning into his father who cared about nothing except killing and revenge. He always had Sam, but that was different. Dean was still alone. He didn't have anyone to talk to- like he was now. He didn't have someone to hold him and tell him everything would be okay, and deep down, that was what he always craved. Even now, even after years of conditioning from his father to be nothing more than a loyal soldier, he craved that human connection.
This time, Cas didn't move closer. He nodded, pressing his lips into a firm line. "Okay, Dean," he said finally. "I hope your date goes well," he added, genuinely, and that made it hurt Dean even more. Before Dean had a moment to change his mind, Cas was gone.
Bobby waited a few moments until Ellen was gone before looking Dean in the eye again, giving him a stern look. Dean shrank back into his chair a little, somehow knowing exactly where this was going, but still terrified at the same time. "Jo told me you two decided to just be friends," he started, not accusing, but still stern. He wasn't letting Dean get out of this conversation. "But if John asks, you're still together. What's going on with that? She didn't elaborate."
Instead of acknowledging his pain, Dean sat up, shoving Cas' pillow back against the arm of the couch as he stared at the angel. "Where the hell have you been all day?" Dean demanded, looking him over for any signs that would tell him where he'd come from. His face was a little red, like he'd been crying, or running, or something. It was a little too dark to tell. Usually, he'd be wearing one of Dean's shirts, but today, he was wearing his old clothes. The tie Dean had given him the day they arrived here, a button up shirt, and those tight dress pants.
"Dean," Cas cut him off with a warning glare, turning to face Dean with a slight wince. "I'm coming with you."
"Nothing," Dean sighed, rubbing at his eyes, even though he had successfully avoided the tears. He still felt like he had let his guard down too much. He had told Cas more than he needed to hear. Enough for Cas to pity Dean, but not understand him. "Nevermind. I'm just being stupid." He stood up without thinking about how close Cas stood, nearly headbutting him in the process. Cas stumbled backwards, catching himself easily as Dean blinked slowly, watching him. "I- um, I need some air," he stammered, excusing himself.
"I'm fine, Jo," he promised, flashing her a smile despite how badly the wound actually hurt.
Despite the uneasiness between John and Cas, everything else seemed to be going smoothly. Cas had been getting more sleep and looked much better, whereas a week ago he was starting to look like the undead Dean spent the last ten years fighting. Not much changed at home other than Dean and Cas sharing a bed. Even though Sam knew they were together, Dean didn't want to scar his little brother for life by accident, so he tried to keep his hands to himself unless they were behind closed doors. Since they started sharing a bed, Cas hadn't been able to get up before Dean to get breakfast for them. Dean would wake up when Cas had to untangle himself from Dean's legs and then Dean wouldn't be able to fall back asleep in Cas' absence.
"Right, sorry," Sam mumbled, letting it go. "It's getting late. Do you want me to leave you alone?" he asked, already moving to drag himself off the bed.
When he returned to the living room, Sam was dividing up the blankets and pillows, making sure everyone had something. The days were scalding hot, but at night, the subtle breeze could be chilly. In the bunker, it didn't affect them much, but now they were well above ground. "Did everyone figure out which room they wanted?" Dean asked, picking his own blanket out of the pile before Sam could give it away.
Cas was smiling softly next to Dean as he poked his fork around at his eggs. "In that case, thank you for helping, Jack," Cas said, making Jack's smile grow even more. "I'll be sure to wake up on time tomorrow to get back on our routine." Dean rolled his eyes fondly, leaning closer to Cas slightly as their shoulders bumped. He turned to look at the angel, only to find him already staring back at him.
“That’s not what this is about-” Dean tried to protest, even as Cas moved in closer and rested his hands on Dean’s waist, gently tugging him towards Cas’ chest. “I-I don’t-” Dean struggled, stumbling over the words that he wasn’t even sure made sense. “I don’t care what happens to me,” he finally choked out, his eyes burning. “As long as you’re okay.”
“Okay,” Cas agreed, a hint of a smile on those lips that hardly ever did anything but frown. “I’ll stay with you.”
“That’s it?” Cas asked, his voice wavering as if he didn’t believe him.
Dean had no idea how Cas could listen to him and count at the same time, but he obliged. "I spent most of the day at Bobby's," Dean started, the arousal picking back up as soon as Cas leaned over him again. It hadn't really gone away, but talking feelings with Cas made Dean temporarily ignore the straining erection in his pants. Now, there was no ignoring it. He swallowed audibly, squeezing his own leg to resist touching his angel. "Then I ran into Jo and Charlie before I came here. Jo invited us on a double date. Me and her, you and Charlie," he explained. He hadn't exactly told Cas that he was still 'dating' Jo, but he figured Cas would understand. "If you want to go," he added.
The shuffling stopped and for a moment, there was nothing. Then, Charlie popped her head around the corner into the doorway, her eyes landing on Dean as she slowly inched her way into the room. "Hey, you're awake!" she chirped, happy but still keeping her voice down, which Dean appreciated. "How about some pain pills?" she asked, rattling a bottle of pills she snatched off the table as she walked towards him.
Dean had been walking for a long time before he realized he had left the safety of the neighborhood. With all of his pent up rage keeping his mind occupied, he didn’t pay much attention to where he was going. He just wanted to get away. He didn’t want to see anything that could remind him of his father, and about how much he wanted to hurt his father. In all the years Dean had been alive, he never wanted to actually hurt his dad. He’d been angry before, but never like this. He never once doubted that he didn’t love his dad, despite what he had done to him. Now, all he could see was red when he thought about John.
Dean stumbled a little, but gained back his footing and stood his ground, even as she tried to push him. "Look, I know you're right, but that doesn't mean I'm happy about it," he complained, chuckling as she finally gave up on shoving him and instead crossed her arms over her chest with a small huff. "The second I go in there and face him, I'm going to forget everything I rehearsed in my head. I'm going to freeze up and piss him off even more. That's what I do, Charlie. I fuck things up."
Dean found them standing near the impala outside the gate, grouped up with Claire and Jody away from the rest of the hunters. Sam and Claire both greeted him with a smile as Dean approached the group. “Running a little behind?” Sam asked, raising his eyebrows in concern. “Was everything okay with Cas and Charlie?”
“Yes, and you know you did,” he retorted, playfully smacking her arm. “Now, we’re gonna go find Charlie and Cas. You’re going to tell her how you feel, and I’m going to take Cas out on a date. We’re both gonna have amazing nights. No objections, alright?”
Dean narrowed his eyes, searching her face to see if she was joking. It didn't seem like she was. "We're still doing that? I thought since I'm with Cas now that we were just pretending?" He appreciated her help and willingness to lie to John, but he didn't expect her to want actual dates. They were friends, so hanging out wouldn't be so bad, but still. He was a little confused.
“Jody and I can handle the nest,” Bobby insisted, looking like he probably wouldn’t budge no matter how hard Dean tried to convince him otherwise. “Sam and your boy are right, Dean. It’s not safe for you to be out there right now. You have a lot on your mind.”
The walk there took about ten minutes and they mostly passed other houses. Dean studied them, watching children play outside on the front lawns, some adults lounging about on the porch, or playing catch with the children. There were people out walking the streets, chatting as if this were just normal life. It was surreal how normal this all felt. Dean felt a bubble of hope in his chest, like they could actually be happy and safe here. Maybe he could stop feeling like he wasn't good enough to protect his friends and his brother. Maybe he could even work up the nerve to tell Cas how he felt, since they were safe now. Since being with Dean wouldn't put him in danger any more. Maybe.
Once they had been driving for about an hour, Dean found a secluded spot down a gravel road to park, covered by a lot of trees and bushes. Not that there were many people out there anyways, but Dean wanted to make sure they were going to be alone for sure. No people, monsters, or anything that could possibly ruin their night. Dean just wanted this to be perfect, since nothing else seemed to be going right lately.
“Actually, you’re with me today,” John replied, his hands tucked into his pockets nonchalantly.
“Jesus,” Dean grumbled, shaking his head. “It was just for show. Calm the fuck down.”
"W-What?" Cas stammered, suddenly worried Dean had caught him staring. But Dean had his eyes closed, so how could he know?
"Oh, cool," Charlie hummed, not really revealing how she actually felt about what Dean had just told them. "So where you going?"
“I have to go,” Dean interrupted, his pulse racing. Cas’ mouth was still hanging open as he searched for words to help Dean, but there was nothing he could say that would do anything for Dean at that moment. “I just- I need some air.”
Cas has a proposition for Dean.
Sam shrugged his shoulders, eyeing Dean and Cas suspiciously. "If he wants to sleep downstairs, I say let him," Sam agreed. "It would make me feel better if you weren't alone too," he added, but there was a bit of a smirk on his face that meant he was doing this for other reasons. Dean replayed the conversation they had in the store earlier today over in his head, remembering how Sam brought up Cas out of nowhere. Maybe he was trying to get Dean to admit things he had buried years ago. It would never happen, but Sam had his ways of weaseling into Dean's mind where he didn't belong.
Bobby nodded, waiting for everyone to settle into a seat before he continued on. Ellen had to grab an extra chair from the closet, but now they were all sitting close together, shoulder to shoulder. "So, who's your friend, Dean?" Bobby wondered, eyeing Cas suspiciously. Dean forgot for a moment that Bobby was one of the few people he had confided in years ago about his sexuality and how horrible John had been to him. He felt a brief moment of panic, but he quickly pushed it aside to deal with the situation at hand.
I've been trying to stay two chapters ahead of my updating schedule, but I'm afraid I've caught up to myself, so I can't promise my updates will continue to be every two-three days anymore. Hopefully once a week, though. That's what I'm aiming for. As always, thanks for reading :) and for commenting! I thrive on comments :))
Dean licked his lips carefully, resting his hand on the table, twirling the needle between his fingers as he hesitated. “Well. . . sometimes, when you’re hurt, physical contact makes it hurt less. If you have something to hold onto, something to squeeze, it might take your mind off the pain somewhere else in your body. Does that make sense?” he tried, hoping he explained it well enough. Cas cocked his head to the side, his eyes narrowed in confusion, trying to understand Dean’s words on his own. Dean sighed, a small laugh in the exhale. “It lets you take control of the situation, I guess. Grounds you, or something. My mom used to hold my hand when I scraped my knees as a kid. It always helped.”
"We should get going," Dean said, not really wanting to deal with John's shitty attitude if they were late. "Let's grab Claire so we can go."
Dean rolled his eyes, but decided to leave without a comeback. He locked the doors behind him as Sam got out to follow him into the store. He had his gun and his knife both on him, and Sam carried his gun too. If they ran into anything, they'd be fine. Still, he wanted to get out quick.
After Sam had successfully filled the gas can up without swallowing a mouthful of gasoline, they replenished the gas in the Impala and shut everything back in the trunk, along with their new stock of salt. With everything ready to go, Sam got behind the wheel, starting the car back up. Dean started to get into the passenger seat, but he only got the door open before Jack lurched forward, nearly jumping over the back seat.
"Hey!" Sam protested, defeated as the laughter now targeted him. "Alright, watch out Dean, I have plenty of stories about you from when we were kids!" he threatened, shutting Dean up pretty quick. He didn't need Sam going into details about Dean as a child, because those stories would definitely scare Cas and Jack away for good.
Dean felt his stomach clench, the fear setting in as he thought about Sam and Jack being left alone in the house, ambushed by some crazy people. Dean immediately flung the door open, at the same time grappling for his gun at his hip. The second he met unfamiliar eyes, his finger brushed past the trigger, his eyes growing dark. "Step away from my brother," Dean growled, ready to do whatever he needed to protect his family. Cas stayed behind him, close on his heels. Sam was in the middle of the room, sitting on the floor with his hands tied behind his back. Jack was being held against the wall to the left, some guy's arm across his throat.
Suddenly, Cas stood, pushing the stool behind him with his foot. He slotted himself between Dean’s legs again, his hands moving up Dean’s thighs. “Then allow me to prove you wrong.”
"Cas, the jacket!" Dean called, wherever he had gone off to. Cas got away, but Dean didn't see where he ran. He felt his arms giving out, the razor sharp teeth gradually getting closer and closer to his flesh. The hunger crazed monster growled and snarled, drooling all over Dean's face, not even speaking. Dean groaned, turning his head slightly to avoid getting freaking vampire saliva in his mouth. "Cas, now would be a great time to find that jacket!" Dean yelled, his arms shaking under the weight of the body holding him down.
"Okay," Cas sighed, and they shifted back into that comfortable silence, talking to each other about their answers every now and then. When they finally finished, it was almost ten and Cas was getting incredibly tired. He yawned as he put his packet and his pen back into his bag for safe keeping, kicking it off the bed as he laid back against his pillows. "I could fall asleep right this second," he mumbled, eyes closing.
"I can do that," Cas agreed, walking around to the other side of the bed, taking Dean's hand in his strong one, letting Dean squeeze. "Dean, you can look at me if you need to," he spoke, his words soft, those eyes just melting Dean. If anything could distract him from the pain, it was those eyes. As Dean watched Cas, holding eye contact without a single word, he suddenly felt the worst pain imaginable in his arm. Charlie's fingers were fishing for the bullet in his arm, sending searing pain down the arm and into the rest of his body.
“I just wanted to repay you for everything you’ve done for us,” Cas replied, looking away nervously, as if Dean would be angry that he cleaned up in here. While he was embarrassed that Cas probably picked up a lot of dirty clothes off the floor, he wasn’t angry. “I promise, as soon as we eat, we’ll be out of your hair.” He acted like him being there was such a pain, but admittedly, Dean liked having someone else besides Sam in the bunker. He knew Castiel couldn't stay and he understood why. He just wanted to enjoy the company while he could. For now, they at least had breakfast.
"That sounds like a wonderful idea," Cas chimed in, placing an innocent hand on Dean's shoulder, squeezing gently. Days ago, the gesture would have been normal for the two of them, but now it sent heat up Dean's neck and into his cheeks. Just the sight of Cas' smile made his heart flutter. "I'm sure you're tired of beating me and Charlie at chess by now."
"Dean, how's the arm?" Charlie asked, changing the subject. "Cas is taking good care of you, right?" She gave Dean an incredibly dirty look, but when Cas looked up from taking his turn, her face was sweet and innocent again, like she never insinuated anything different.
"What's wrong with our bed?" Cas wondered, cocking his head to the side to look at Dean with an expression of pure confusion. The angel pushed himself into a sitting position, the blankets pooling around his waist to reveal he was in nothing but boxers and Dean's old t-shirt.
"Out," Cas said nonchalantly. "Why do you care?"
Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from Cas’ mouth on him. He could tell Cas was enjoying it just from the look on his face as he licked a line up Dean’s cock before swallowing him down again, farther this time as he became more comfortable. It may have taken him a few tries to fit all of Dean in his mouth, but when he did, Dean involuntarily groaned, unable to choke it down this time.
“Don’t get all sappy on me now, Cas. I’ll see you in a few hours.” Dean opened the door for Cas to go inside, despite Cas’ hesitance to leave him. “I’m serious, Cas. I’ll be fine. Go keep Charlie company.”
"Jesus Christ, Cas, you can't say shit like that!" Dean nearly yelled, his face burning as Cas innocently stared at him, wondering what he had said wrong. Dean sighed, running his hands over his face again, trying to remind himself that Cas had only been human for a few years and that was why he didn't understand these kinds of things. "People who share beds are usually together," Dean tried to explain without embarrassing himself further.
Ghost hunting!
Dean knew exactly what she meant, which also meant this girl did know about Claire, and seemed pretty okay with it too. Normally, telling someone about him would make him sick to his stomach, but he was more worried about the teenage girl whose girlfriend was missing right now to be freaking out about his own sexuality crisis. "Yeah, my boyfriend would disagree," Dean answered without really thinking, making the girl laugh loudly, her hand flying up to cover her mouth. Dean blushed furiously, but didn't take it back. There'd be no point now.
Claire wiped at her red, watery eyes and took a deep breath, staring at her hands instead of at Dean. Her voice shook as she spoke. "We were together two days ago. We ate dinner together at the park. We're usually so careful about showing affection, but it was our two year anniversary. I didn't see anyone around, so I kissed her. Someone must have seen us. Whoever it was, they probably did something to her. They kidnapped her, or killed her- I don't know, but the next thing I know, I wake up and find a note in her bedroom. All it said was that she had to leave and she wasn't coming back. The handwriting was hers, but it looked off. Almost too perfect, you know what I mean?"
Bobby raised an eyebrow at Dean, as if asking if that were true. Dean wished it weren’t, but unfortunately, he was about to tell them something that would seem like it couldn’t be true. “It’s about John,” Dean started, watching as Bobby’s facial expression changed to a scowl. He moved to sit down next to Sam, both of them watching Dean, waiting for the news. “Today, I found out that he’s working with demons.”
“No, she doesn’t remember anything,” Dean admitted calmly. “But so much for keeping people safe, huh? This is your community, dad. Kaia was your responsibility and you let her get hurt. Stop preaching about how great you are when you allowed her to almost die.”
"It has stripes," Dean answered, instead of the truth. He couldn't tell Cas he picked that one specifically because it reminded him of Cas' eyes. That would have been awkward, trying to explain that whole situation to Cas. He wasn't the kind of guy to pick up on social cues, but that was fine. Dean didn't want him to know that he was. . . what was he exactly? He was attracted to this guy, clearly, but he didn't like him like that. They were friends. Pretty much family at this point. Dean could never be with him like that. To subject Cas to that. . . well, that would be cruel. Dean had so much inner turmoil, trauma from being raised by John Winchester. He just wasn't relationship material. Besides, Cas didn't seem like he would be a relationship type guy either, being a literal angel and all that.
“Yeah, it’s great, but I’ve never had a girlfriend before,” Jo sighed, fixing her eyes on Charlie from across the store they were dragged into while following Cas and Charlie around. “I don’t know what to do or say. I don’t want to screw things up.”
And it was just that. A very brief moment. Not twenty minutes later, Dean heard the unmistakable voice of none other than John Winchester. Dean tensed against Cas’ side and Cas held him a little tighter, reassuring him he wasn’t alone. But Dean had to do this alone. It was now or never. He was going to get Kaia back even if he had to beat it out of his own father.
Dean chuckled, checking the tape to make sure it still looked playable. "Sure, if this damn thing still works," he agreed, pushing the tape into the cassette player. He really wasn't sure it would work after years of gathering dust in the glove box, but surprisingly, the sounds of AC/DC soon started playing throughout the car. The smile that lit up Jack's face was contagious. "You like it?" Dean asked over the music.
A week had gone by since Dean told everyone about John’s deal with Crowley. A week of nothing from John, not a word from Crowley, and no ideas about how to properly deal with the situation. Everyone agreed John had to be stopped. Everyone also agreed they shouldn’t make deals with Crowley to do it. They were at a stand still. Dean was getting anxious, but he made a promise to Cas that he wouldn’t do anything reckless.
Before Dean could whip his gun out, there was something on top of him, knocking him face first into the blanket. Jo was up on her feet, shaking hands pointing a gun at the thing holding Dean down. It’s hands were human, but the sounds it was making were definitely canine. Dean’s wounded arm was sending sharp pains over his body, but he knew if he didn’t get up, Jo wouldn’t shoot. She wouldn’t risk hurting Dean again.
"I brought you food," he said, shoving a plate into Dean's lap. "You need to eat before we can go home."
"Dean!" Cas cried, the warning not lost to Dean. He could sense the change in Cas' tone, the warning as Cas tried to pull Dean's lips away. "Dean, I-I'm going to-" he started, the words trailing off his lips. "D-Dean, oh fuck, Dean!" he moaned, suddenly coming in Dean's mouth with a loud groan, tugging hard on Dean's hair. Dean's name was still on his lips as Dean swallowed him down, working him through the orgasm until Cas sighed softly, tugging Dean away and onto the couch with him. "That was. . . incredible," Cas mumbled sleepily, dragging Dean in for a kiss.
"Dean, I didn't-" he started, his face flushing a bright red. He was glad Dean couldn't see it in the dark. "I mean, if you wanted me to . . . reciprocate," he managed to get out.  "I can."
Dean pulled away long enough to smile up at the angel when their fingers interlocked on top of Cas' legs. "I've been thinking about this since yesterday," Dean mumbled, mouthing at the sensitive head of Cas' cock while Cas panted and moaned under his touch. "Before then, even," Dean continued, pausing to run his tongue along the hot skin of Cas' leaking cock. Cas gasped and tightened his fingers around Dean's. "You taste even better than I imagined," he said, closing his eyes as he wrapped his lips around Cas again, sinking farther down than before, until he could feel it in the back of his throat.
"Yeah, he said it was pretty sudden," Dean replied quietly, hoping he didn't say the wrong thing. "He said you think something happened to her. Can you tell me why you think that?" He wanted to understand the whole situation, but even without Claire telling him, he knew he believed her.
"It would have ended badly for all of us if I did," Bobby sighed, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. "The only regret I have from that night is not taking you and Sam in before kicking John out. I let him take you boys with him and it was the last time-" he stopped, his voice going a little hoarse. Dean knew he cut himself off because he didn't want to cry, which Dean appreciated, because he wasn't in the mood to cry either.
“That’s the spirit,” Claire said sarcastically, rolling her eyes as Dean glared at her. Eventually, her fake annoyed look turned into a small smile, like she was trying to hide it. “Be careful,” she added, punching Dean’s arm.
Dean looked around anyways, just to be sure John wasn’t close. When he saw his father talking to a group of hunters a far distance away, he turned back to Bobby with a small sigh. “Yeah, I found her last night. She was pretty beat up, left for dead in the middle of the woods. Whoever did this, they weren’t expecting anyone to be out there to find her.”
"I'm just getting the napkins," Cas answered reassuringly, before disappearing into the hallway. He treaded quietly, enough that Dean couldn't hear him return until Cas had opened the door again and clicked it shut behind him. After cleaning up the mess between the two of them, Cas trashed the soiled napkins and then laid down next to Dean, pulling the man against his side so his head could rest on Cas' bare chest. After a long silence, Cas sighed, running his fingers through Dean's hair thoughtfully. "It would be best for everyone if I returned to the couch at some point," he declared, but made no move to get up.
As Dean stepped away from the shelf, waters in his hands, he heard a faint scuff of a shoe on the floor behind him. He froze, dropping the waters as his hand flew to his gun. He spun around, pointing it at the source of the sound, his finger ready to pull the trigger.
Castiel shook his head, wanting to be honest. "Not yet," he replied, his voice scratchy. "I will be, but- stay, please?" he begged, feeling pretty pathetic for asking. He thought Dean might get up anyways, but instead, Dean only held Cas tighter.
"No," Dean replied too quickly, rubbing the back of his neck as the heat crept up to his ears. God, he wanted nothing more than to be with Cas, but for many reasons, that could never happen. Not now, and not here. "Wait-" Dean mumbled, pausing until Cas looked at him again, both of them awkwardly staring at each other. "Do you. . . Is that what you want?" Dean managed to ask, though he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer.
"Actually," Cas chuckled, all the nerves he had melting away as Dean's deep voice met his ears. "I have a few," he shared, grabbing his notebook and packet as he scooted closer to Dean. Now they were sitting side by side, their legs crossed as their knees pressed against one another's. Cas leaned into Dean's space, sharing his notebook with the different ideas. He started going over each one, giving the pros and cons as Dean listened, nodding and making approving noises every now and then. When Cas finished, he pulled away with a slightly red face. "So, that's what I came up with. We can pick whatever you want," he added, staring down at his handwriting in the notebook.
But then he remembered how he left things with Cas and he knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep until he got this off his chest, even if he had to tell it to a sleeping angel. He carefully crouched down towards the floor until he was on his knees, level with Cas’ sleeping features. His mouth was half open, his hair going everywhere. Dean smiled softly, hesitantly reaching up to card his hand through that messy mop of hair.
Dean let out a bitter laugh, shaking his head as he stared at the cards between his fingers. "No, he really hasn't," he mumbled, slapping the cards against the wood table.
Cas smiled, sitting on the edge of Dean’s bed, his hair slightly messy. Dean hadn’t had feelings like this in a long time, so he was having a hard time placing them. When he was a teenager, he dated a lot of girls, and occasionally hooked up with a guy, before his dad caught him and he didn't try that again. Since the apocalypse, he hadn’t seen anyone, man or woman, so he sort of forgot what it was like to be attracted to someone like this. The way Cas looked in Dean’s clothes made his chest tight.
"Can you read me that book?" Cas asked, too adorable for Dean to say no to him. "The one we started a while ago when I couldn't sleep. It helped before." Dean vividly remembered that night, both of them lying on the floor in that house. Cas hadn't been feeling well that night and couldn't sleep at all, so Dean turned on his flashlight and read from one of his favorite books. After three chapters, Dean looked over to see the angel fast asleep, snoring with the blanket up around his shoulders. It was one of Dean's favorite nights in that house.
"No," Cas answered, and suddenly his fingers grabbed Dean's, intertwining them easily, no resistance from Dean at first, mostly because he was so confused about what was happening. "I think this could help you."
Charlie took the stitches out next, which was a little uncomfortable, but nothing Dean hadn’t been through before. “If you can move your arm comfortably, I’ll allow you to go back to work tomorrow. But I want you to keep the sling with you so you can wear it when you’re not using the arm, got it?”
Dean felt tears pricking his eyes as he held onto Cas for dear life, never wanting him to let go. A few seconds passed and finally, Charlie ripped her fingers from the hole in Dean's arm with a triumphant noise. "Please, for the love of god, tell me you got it," Dean gritted out, glancing at her while still holding onto Cas, no intention of letting go.
"D-Dean!" Cas faltered, grabbing his hair again, still holding on tight to Dean's hand. "That feels amazing," he cried, moaning loudly as Dean swirled his tongue and bobbed his head in a gradually electrifying way, reducing Cas to a panting, moaning mess under Dean's touch. His sentences were incoherent, but Dean took that as a compliment. All that mattered was that Cas was moaning Dean's name and telling him, no- begging him, not to stop, to keep doing whatever he was doing.
“Charlie, are you okay?” Dean asked, clicking the safety back on his gun as he put it away. He started to kneel down to inspect her wound, even though Jo was already cleaning it.
I have the end of this fic planned out, but at this rate, it's not going how I planned. So honestly, I have no idea how many chapters are left. If you want my guess, I'd say like 5 or 6, maybe? Anyways, thanks for reading!
Dean swallowed down his worry, pressing a chaste kiss to Cas' forehead. "Let's go," he mumbled, pulling Cas under his arm to drag him along beside him. "Jo, you coming or staying here?"
Cas let out a shaky breath without Dean noticing, swallowing the lump in his throat before answering. "I have the materials," he answered, only glancing at Dean for a second to see the small smile on his face. "We should finish the packet first, and then we can get started on the model," he added, and Dean agreed with a small nod.
"I swear," Charlie sighed, and that was the end of that. They didn't have anyone else come in for the rest of the day and Cas didn't come back into the room to talk to them either. When it was time to head home, the three of them were deadly silent, which never happened. The past three days, they'd walk home talking non-stop and it was great. Not today, though. Today, Cas and Charlie walked silently side by side while Dean trailed behind, feeling like he really fucked up for some reason.
"Of course," Sam agreed, much to Dean's disapproval. Sam waved Cas off as the angel thanked him and then he left, leaving Dean to deal with Sam's pointed looks and uncomfortable staring. "So, Dean," he started and it took everything Dean had not to groan in protest. Sam moved around to Cas' side of the bed, taking a seat, though on the opposite end of the bed, facing Dean. "How's it going?" he wondered, acting innocent. Dean knew there was more to it.
“Well shit,” Claire breathed, her voice shaking. “I probably made it worse then, right? Do you think he’ll come after me next?”
Dean had spent the last three days following Cas around, avoiding Sam, and avoiding John even more. Cas always woke up before Dean and by the time he came back to wake Dean up, he had two plates of breakfast with him, which was a nice way to be woken up in the morning. After eating and downing a cup of lukewarm coffee, Cas would lead Dean to the medical building where Dean would spend the entire day with Cas and Charlie, talking, playing board games, or learning about medical terms he'd never heard of before. It wasn't horrible, but Dean would have much rather been out hunting. Not that he didn't enjoy being in Cas' presence, but it only made things harder on him. He was trying not to keep falling in love with his best friend, yet he was spending every waking moment with him. It was impossible to do anything else.
"I think people call this. . . fun?" he answered, but Dean couldn't tell if he was being sarcastic or not. It was hard to read this guy. "Take off your outer layer," Cas told him, gesturing to Dean's jacket. Dean raised an eyebrow, his fingers gripping the edge of his jacket, hesitating. He felt sort of exposed right now, Cas telling him to strip while he actually considered doing everything the man told him to do. What was wrong with him? "Dean, just the jacket," Cas cleared, rolling his eyes.
“I said that?” Jo answered, trying to play dumb.
"I didn't say that," Dean answered quickly, hoping to avoid conflict. He could go on one date and play it off like it didn't work out. He could tell her they'd be better as friends. Something like that. "Let's just get through this hunt and then we can dive into the details, alright?" he promised.
“Dean,” Cas mumbled, sounding a little guilty. “I didn’t mean-”
"Well, there's not," he agreed. "That's why you have to know how to fight. How to defend yourself," he explained as Cas finished covering the window and turned to face Dean, his expression serious, like usual. Dean raised an eyebrow. "You're an angel, right? Don't you know how to fight?" He found it hard to believe that angels didn't get some kind of training, but then again, they were angels. Dean knew nothing about angels aside from what little Cas had told him.
Dean ambled over to greet whoever it was, and his face dropped when he opened the door to see Jo and Charlie standing there with eager looks on their faces. He had completely forgotten about the date and he felt absolutely horrible about it. "Hey, you and Cas ready to go?" Charlie asked, smiling brightly at him. Jo looked over at her fondly for a second before looking at Dean again, waiting for him to answer.
"Yeah," Dean grunted, lowering himself to the hard floor reluctantly. Cas hesitated, but did the same, keeping a few inches between them as they fanned out the blanket to cover the both of them. Silence settled over them, the only sounds were their quiet breaths and the occasional brush of their body parts scraping against the hard floor. Dean couldn't sleep, for more than one reason.
Eventually, they must have reached an understanding because Crowley disappeared and John and the others started their trek back into town. Dean watched them leave, wondering if there was any point in following them now. They couldn’t follow them all day, especially when they couldn’t get close enough to hear anything.
"It was- was really good," Dean stammered, closing his eyes as Cas moved even closer, his hand brushed over Dean's hair. "Spent the morning with the kid before he ditched me for his friends. Then I- uh, I went to Bobby's and told him-" he paused to open his eyes, only met by the sight of Cas' crotch right in front of him, straining against the denim pants. He swallowed, trying to continue with his story. "Um, I told him about us and he said he wants to have dinner with us sometime, get to know you without my dad ruining it for everyone. And then-"
Dean trailed behind, Cas at his side. Out of nowhere, he felt a hand wrap around his own, but he didn't question it this time. Instead, he basked in Cas' reassuring words, just barely a whisper, only for Dean's ears. "We're going to be okay." Dean believed him, even if only for a moment.
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, clenching his fists at his side. “What are you talking about?” he asked, keeping his voice low so he didn’t scare her any more than she already was. “What happened?”
"You were gone all night, Dean. Do you have any idea how worried I was?" he hissed, his eyes glossy with tears. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, his chest tight. Cas leaned in closer, his hands gripping the front of Dean's jacket. "I stayed awake all night waiting for you to come home to me. I kept thinking the worst- that something horrible had happened to you, or that your father got his hands on you and-" he cut himself off, clearing his throat as he looked down at Dean's lap, his hands dropping back to his sides. "I don't want you to go back out there because I'm afraid I'll lose you. Not knowing if you were okay. . . I never want to feel like that again."
With the desk in place and the hellhounds pummeling into the door trying to break it open and rip Cas to shreds, Dean got back to work with the summoning spell. He knew he shouldn't be throwing it together so carelessly, but he had no choice. He heard the wood of the door frame crack as he finished drawing the sigil to set the bowl of ingredients on. The hellhounds finally broke the door open as Dean lit the last candle, thus finishing the summoning spell.
"Nope, it's a secret," Jo answered, wrapping her arm around Charlie's shoulders before planting a loud kiss on her cheek. Charlie immediately turned a deep shade of red as Jo chuckled and played with her hair to make her even redder.
“Yes, we’d love to,” Jack said without hesitation, earning him a glare from Cas. He shrugged, clearly not understanding the situation. Dean licked his lips nervously, glancing at Jack for only a second before looking at Cas again, waiting patiently for him to answer.
Sam sighed, a sign that he was giving in and that meant Dean won. Dean usually got his way, but this time, it was different. He wanted Sam to actually agree with him. “Okay, you’re right,” Sam conceded, folding his arms on the table in front of him. “I am tired of living in the dark all the time. Maybe a change of scenery will be good for us.”
Dean wasn't sure how he made it from the woods to the front door of that house with his bag on one arm and Cas on the other, but he did. He may have blacked out while running there, but when he came back to his surroundings, he was shoving the door open and stumbling inside with a pained groan, dropping the bag first before finding the couch in the middle of the room.
"Thanks, babe," Dean teased, batting Cas' hand away before grabbing for his coffee. Cas gave him a sad smile and Dean shrugged it off. "Just haven't been sleeping well. It doesn't help that I wake up to an empty bed every morning."
," he teased, emphasizing the last two words as Dean rolled his eyes.
“No rush,” Dean assured him, waving him towards the door. “Now, go eat. I’ll be in there in just a minute.” He gently shoved Cas out into the hall, pointing him towards the dining room. Once he was gone, Dean grabbed one of his many duffle bags from under his bed. He put the clothes Cas slept in at the bottom of the bag, because there was no way Cas could keep wearing that suit everywhere. He also put a pair of jeans and a couple more shirts in the bag, in case he wanted something more comfortable. Since they had no protection, he even gave up one of his guns and some ammo, which he hoped Cas knew how to use. After he got everything from his room, he went to the kitchen, adding a few cans of food and some waters. He wanted to make sure they had enough supplies for the next few days, since there wasn’t much left around here.
!” Dean yelled, grabbing the front of his brother’s shirt. “Either help me, or get the hell out of my way!” He should have felt guilty for the scared look on Sam’s face, but he couldn’t find it in him to care.
“Sacrifice?” Bobby repeated, face red with anger. “You tellin’ me he’s been killing innocent people?”
Cas groaned sleepily, crawling on top of Dean to trap him in bed under his weight. Dean didn’t have many complaints. “How long have you been awake?” Cas wondered, dragging lazy kisses over Dean’s jaw in between his accusatory words. “Did you sleep at all?” Unfortunately, Cas had noticed Dean’s change in sleeping patterns lately and was even more worried than usual about Dean’s well being.
"We're not. . . together?" Cas asked, a frown setting on his lips. "We're friends, Dean. We live together, eat together, travel together. . . what does that make us?"
This chapter is pretty much all sex. . . to make up for what the next chapter is gonna be. I'm shooting for like, three or four more chapters!
"D-D-Dean," Cas tried, but that was all he could say. Suddenly, Dean's lips were on his, just pressed against them, not moving. Cas sucked in a sharp breath, surprised by the gesture, but it shocked him enough to pull him back to reality. Dean didn't pulled away until Cas had stopped shaking in his arms. "Sorry," Cas whispered, as Dean pulled him into a hug, holding him tight, which helped calm his nerves. "I'm sorry," Cas said again, and Dean responded by hugging him tighter, not letting up until Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist too.
"Okay," Cas said slowly, eyes narrowing as he studied Dean. "So next time you don't want to talk about something, you'll tell me that?" he asked, waiting as Dean nodded. Cas paused, still studying, and Dean shifted nervously under the angel's gaze. "And you won't run away, leaving me alone to wonder what I did to upset you? Letting me sit and worry, hoping I didn't push you so far that you'd never want to speak to me again?"
“Me too,” Cas answered, kissing Dean softly. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean almost laughed, but he didn’t. It wouldn’t be the time. “Trust me, I know,” Dean answered, receiving a slightly confused look in return from Jo. “It’s not her. The person I like, I can’t be with them anyways. There’s a lot in the way. My dad, for one. He would kill me if he ever knew,” he tried to explain, but his words were catching in his throat. Man, the truth really fucking hurt to say out loud.
Dean hesitated a minute longer in the doorway, realizing Sam had already fallen back asleep. He gently closed the door behind him and quietly went to the garage where they kept the weapons, and more importantly, Baby. He hadn’t driven her in years because of the undead, but he had faith she still ran like she used to. He stocked the trunk with weapons, including various guns and knives in case he ran into trouble. After everything was packed, he opened up the garage door and then sank into the front seat of the Impala, relishing in the feeling of being in his precious car again. He only gave himself a moment to appreciate her before he started her up, victorious. He ran his hands over the wheel, a small smile on his face as he pulled out into the street. He couldn't remember which way Cas went, but he followed his gut and went to the left. He’d drive all night and all through the morning if he had to just to make sure they were okay. It wasn’t like he had much else to do anyways.
Dean wanted to scream, to say, ‘
“Dean?” Cas mumbled, his eyes fluttering open. Dean froze, still sitting next to him, his hand on the mattress only a few inches away from Cas’ exposed skin. “Are you checking to make sure I’m breathing?” Cas teased, making Dean blush, knowing he’d been caught. He quickly averted his gaze to the mattress, only for a second, before he was looking at Cas’ hand, those long fingers, the way they twisted the fabric of the sheets as Cas stretched.
"Home sweet home," Dean sighed. "At least, for now."
"Yeah, you too," Sam replied, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. Dean rolled his eyes and punched Sam's arm, but he only laughed as he walked away from Dean, yelling something about the neighbors and not being too loud. Dean ignored him.
Dean cleared his throat, pushing his plate to the side as he turned to face Cas. He had been dreading this talk, and had even forgotten about it since the last time Cas asked if they could talk. “I, uh- I punched a tree,” he admitted, letting Cas hold his injured hand in both of his own, touching each of Dean’s fingers, each knuckle, as if studying the shape of Dean’s hand.
“We won’t let him find out,” Jo promised, catching a tear as it ran down his cheek. Dean sniffed, trying to stop the tears because he didn’t like to cry. Not in front of other people, at least. “We’ll just tell him the date went great and we’re still seeing each other. We’re still gonna be friends after tonight, so it won’t be hard to lie to him, right?” It was a solid plan, but Dean felt like he was just using her at that point. It also didn’t seem fair to Cas, but what else could he do?
“The neighborhood or my job?” Cas retorted, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean found that watching Cas assert his dominance was pretty. . . arousing. He desperately tried looking away from him in hopes of avoiding an awkward boner in front of his dad.
Cas laughed, dragging himself out of bed. “Go clean up, I’ll take care of the sheets.” He kissed Dean briefly before waving him off. Dean got dressed, grabbed a towel, and went off to find some water.
Dean let out a small chuckle, his head dizzy with Cas’ touches. “For what?” he asked, sucking in a nervous breath as Cas sat up again, carefully dragging Dean’s underwear down his legs.
"Don't stress about it, Dean. I'm not trying to be your therapist, I just want to know more about you. Anything to be closer. . ." he trailed off, his face turning a light shade of red as he looked away from Dean's eyes. "Tell me anything you want," he finally said, urging Dean to start talking.
Dean lost track of time again, barely aware of the sounds around him. Charlie working diligently beside him was comforting because it meant Kaia was getting the help she needed. Charlie was a saint for doing this and Dean planned on thanking her as much as possible tomorrow. For tonight, he just needed to rest.
"Hello, Dean," he greeted groggily, making Dean freeze. He felt his face heating up already, knowing Cas had just caught him staring. Lucky for him, Cas didn't mention anything about the staring, or the red cheeks. Instead, he just pulled the blanket closer to his chin, turning over on his side, still looking at Dean expectantly.
"Yeah, and what did you and Bobby talk about? Better not have been me," Jo jumped in. They went back and forth for a minute before Dean cut them off.
Dean snorted, rolling his eyes. Every time Jo talked about Charlie, she had a look on her face, like a lovesick puppy. Charlie was the same way. It was cute, but it was getting kind of old. “Hey, Jo?” Dean wondered, putting some distance between them in case she decided to smack him. “Can I ask you something?”
“It’s Cas,” Dean said over her, raising his voice a little too much. “Just give Bobby the message, please.” He stood up from the table too fast, making Ellen jump. He didn’t have time to feel guilty for being an asshole, he had to find Cas before it was too late.
I have no idea where this is going to be honest with you guys. Enjoy :)
Dean happily obliged, gripping Cas' fingers hard as he sucked Cas' cock enthusiastically, ignoring the burn in his jaw and the ache of his knees from being on the floor for so long. He didn't want this to end, but at the same time, he wanted to feel Cas come down his throat, to taste Cas in such an intimate way. He wanted it so bad, it made the physical uncomfortableness in his knees and jaw seem so miniscule, he barely noticed them.
“Dean,” he greeted with a small head nod. His eyes traveled to Dean’s shoulder and he perked up a little bit. “Are you cleared to get back to work?” he wondered, gesturing to the arm that was in a sling just yesterday when John saw him at dinner.
Cas gave Dean a slightly terrified look over his shoulder as Charlie dragged him away. Dean smiled reassuringly. “You two be careful!” he called after them, only receiving a thumbs up from Charlie in response. Once they were far enough away to be out of ear shot, Dean turned to Jo, raising an eyebrow. “We’re following them so they don’t get eaten by monsters, right?”
Dean cleared his throat, embarrassed at being caught. "Maybe," he grumbled, leaning back against the door frame. "Charlie told me you were here. I thought I'd offer my help," he said, changing the subject quickly before Cas could make it more embarrassing.
"I don't think you could engage in that type of activity with only one working arm," Cas deadpanned, making Dean lose all function of his brain as he tried to stammer out a witty response, but all he got out was, "I- you- but- I didn't-" and other variations of those few words. Cas chuckled, leaning over Dean as he straightened out the blanket, tucking it in around Dean's legs. The close proximity did nothing to help Dean's situation and he certainly couldn't come up with the words to tell Cas off for the unnecessary closeness. "I think my sense of humor is improving, don't you?" he asked innocently. That little bastard knew exactly what he was doing, and he was smirking the whole time.
Dean chuckled, ghosting his lips over Cas' neck, over the dark marks he had surely left there. "I'm glad I could help," he answered, making Cas blush furiously. Cas started to sit up and reach for the tissues on the bedside table, but Dean smacked his hand away. "Don't you move a muscle. I'll get it," he promised, leaning over to grab the tissues himself. Cas did as he was told, sitting still as Dean gently cleaned off his chest, teasingly running his thumbs over Cas' nipples, which earned him a smack to the arm. "Sorry," he mumbled with a grin, and Cas knew he wasn't sorry.
"You are such an ass," Dean grumbled, rubbing a hand over his face to avoid looking at his brother with red cheeks. "How long have you known?" he wondered. Dean had been pining after Cas for the past two months, but technically they'd been together for going on three days.
"We've gotten closer, Dean," Cas spoke slowly, his expression softening, a much better look on him than the hurt Dean caused. "I want to keep getting closer. I don't want to lose this- us," he admitted, sincerity in his words. "In the few years since I lost my grace, this is the most human I've felt." Dean didn't speak, mostly because he didn't know how to respond to that. He wasn't sure what Cas was saying, only that it was good things. Things that made Dean's chest tight, knowing whatever was between them was getting dangerously close to being more than just friends. Dean wanted that, but it was impossible. He had to stay far away from those feelings.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas demanded, walking closer until he was hovering over Dean, eyes raking over Dean’s body. Suddenly, his hands were prodding everywhere but the problem area, smoothing over Dean’s chest, soothing him until his breathing returned to almost normal.
“Cas, please, I need you,” Dean choked out, grasping for some kind of hold on him. Cas obliged, slowly pulling his fingers out of Dean to slick up his cock instead. Dean watched in anticipation, his hands roaming across Cas’ chest with nothing else to hold onto. “Please, Cas,” Dean mumbled, wanting him closer.
“He’s where he belongs,” John snarled. “You won’t be seeing him again.”
Dean sighed heavily, hanging his head in defeat. He couldn't tell the kid no with a face like that. "Yeah, alright," Dean remarked, gesturing for Jack to walk around the car instead of crawling over the seat. Jack excitedly took the front seat as Dean slid into the back next to Cas, who was being unusually quiet. "You alright, Cas?" he whispered, nudging the angel's arm with his elbow.
“I-” Dean started, the words getting lost before they could reach his tongue. He had so many things he wanted to say, things he needed to tell Cas before things got too bad. Cas needed to know how much Dean cared, but right now, Dean wasn’t thinking straight. Not with everything else going on.
"That's insane," Charlie agreed, followed by a small laugh. "So it's just you and your brother living here?" She tucked her hands into the pockets of her jeans, just casually standing there as they talked. Dean found it so odd that he was just sitting on his front porch, conversing with his neighbor, as if they weren't living in a post-apocalyptic world. Outside this bubble, there weren't nice little neighborhoods with people like Charlie, nosy neighbors with good intentions.
“What was the deal?” Bobby asked, as if he’d consider letting it happen. Sam would never let Dean do this, but with Bobby’s support, if it were the only option, Dean would be open to making a deal. Only if it was the last resort.
Claire seemed to relax more now that Charlie was siding with her, just as Dean had assured her she would. “You’ll really help me?” Claire asked, a hopeful look on her face as she hugged her knees to her chest. “I tried confronting John about it, but he didn’t believe me when I told him Kaia would never run away. I couldn’t exactly tell him how I knew that was true.”
"The vampire from last night," Dean finished, because Cas wouldn't let him go without some kind of answer. That was all he offered. "Come on, let's go home," he changed the subject, his voice faltering. A part of him wanted to tell Cas the whole truth, just to hear him say it was all going to be okay, but he didn't. Instead, he slipped off that stupid suit jacket and replaced his normal one, grabbing the rest of their things. Cas took his bag from Dean, so they each had one slung over their shoulder. Dean led the way out of the store, back out into the sun, away from the dark.
Dean Apologizes
Sam returned the gesture easily, leaning up against the door to talk to his brother. "Hey, Dean," he replied casually. "How you feeling?" It was a genuine question, one of concern from his little brother, but Dean still felt the need to shrug it off.
“That’s. . . adorable, actually,” Jo teased, making Dean’s face hot. He never wanted to be described as adorable, yet there was no other word for it. He just admitted to reading Cas bedtime stories. There was nothing manly about it, yet it was one of Dean’s favorite things. Anything with Cas was Dean’s favorite. “Hey, don’t worry, we’re gonna find him,” Jo said softly, running a hand over Dean’s shoulder to reassure him. Dean hadn’t realized how pathetic the look on his face must have been until Jo said something.
Ahh, we're getting so close to Dean admitting his feelings :)
“Goodnight, Cas,” Dean whispered, leaning in to press a gentle kiss to Cas’ lips. It was just a quick gesture that Dean didn’t plan to happen, but he couldn’t help himself. He went to pull away, but Cas’ hand suddenly reached out and curled around the back of Dean’s neck, pulling him back in to crash their lips together again. Dean hummed in surprise, but relaxed into the kiss easily. Cas’ hand limply fell back to the couch, but his lips moved lazily against Dean’s. As much as Dean wanted this to continue, and as much as he loved the way Cas’ lips made his head spin in all the best ways, he had to pull away.
Sam completely ignored Cas' greeting, his eyes instead landing on Dean, or more specifically, his arm in that stupid sling. "Dean, are you okay?" he demanded, moving towards Dean' side of the bed. Dean grabbed a pillow quickly, throwing over his lap because the last thing he needed was for Sam to see him sporting a freaking hard-on for the angel. "I would have been here sooner, but dad just now told me what happened. I rushed home as soon as he told me."
"You made up for the past," Cas assured him, tugging affectionately at his hair. "I like you, too." He felt odd, admitting it out loud, but it was also like a weight being lifted off his chest.
He parked on the street, pocketing his keys in the same pocket that held Cas’ tie. Cautiously, he approached the front door, listening closely to see if he could hear any voices. After a few seconds, he heard Cas’ deep voice muffled through the door. Dean knocked softly, hoping that was enough to convey he wasn't there to hurt them. When Cas fell silent, Dean knew he had been heard. “Cas, it’s me,” Dean said, loud enough to be heard through the door. He wasn't sure why his hands were shaking, but he shoved them in his pockets, ignoring it.
They'd been circling the same part of the woods for two hours, nothing to do but talk. Dean steered the conversation away from his personal issues whenever an opportunity came up for Jo to ask, so eventually she stopped asking about him. He'd learned a lot about Jo in the last two hours, like how she was Ellen's daughter and how Bobby had become like a father to her. Dean could talk about Bobby all day, so at least he was able to share something with her. Jo talked about why she liked hunting and how her and her mom got into it. She talked about the roadhouse her and her mom used to run, before the apocalypse of course. Dean listened politely, commenting every now and then to keep the conversation going. For the most part, it was quite aside from their light conversation and bantering. Dean decided he liked Jo, enough that he might eventually agree to a date with her just to get over Cas. Not that he was sure it would work, but at least he'd have fun. Jo was a great conversationalist and she was really pretty, so one date wouldn't kill him. It would ease the tension between him and his father, at least. One date and that would be it. Dean didn't even have to tell Cas about it. If Cas would even care, that is.
“I was- I w- focused on m-more important things,” Dean answered, once he could kind of talk again, though even that took a lot of strength. He was starting to feel a little dizzy, so he grabbed Cas to hold onto, wrapping his arm around the angel’s shoulders.
"I'll give you a tour tomorrow," John promised, placing his hands back on the counter as he looked between Sam and Dean. "We've got a couple houses cleaned up and ready for people to move in. I was thinking your friends, Castiel and Jack, could move in a couple blocks down. You and Sam can stay here, with me. I've got two spare bedrooms, since I live alone. And a great kitchen, obviously."
"I won't die," Dean promised, bringing Cas' fingers to his lips to plant a quick kiss to the angel's knuckles. "Hey, Jo, can I talk to you for a minute?" he continued, slipping his hand out of Cas' as he stood up, gesturing for Jo to follow him outside.
Jo met his eyes with a desperate look on her face before dropping her head to Dean’s shoulder with a groan. Dean laughed and patted her back to comfort her. They were just a couple of idiots in love with their best friends, and there was nothing wrong with that. They just had to figure some shit out.
Also just a slight warning, there are some spicy scenes to follow in the next chapters, but I want to let you guys know smut has never been my strong suit. I enjoyed writing the scenes though, so hopefully they're as good as I think they are :)
Cas frowned a little, running his fingers through Dean’s hair soothingly. “I think that counts as strenuous activity,” Cas said, a small sigh following. “I don’t want you to push yourself too hard. I’d be happy to wait for your arm to heal, if that’s what’s best for you,” he offered, and Dean almost laughed at how sincere he was. It was adorable, really.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean groaned, his breath hitching in his throat. "I want you to suck my cock, Cas. Fuck, I want to feel your mouth on me right now," he mumbled, those fingers pulling Cas' hair, still impatient. "Please, I need you to-" he started, and Cas obliged before he could get the rest of the words out, wrapping his lips around Dean's cock, sinking down slowly as Dean's words turned into a cry of Castiel's name on his tongue. Cas took that as a good sign that he was doing something right, so he kept at it, slowly pulling away and sinking back down, as far as he could without choking himself. It took him a few tries to swallow all of Dean's cock in his mouth, but when he felt it in his throat, Dean was panting and moaning underneath his touch, yanking on Cas' hair like he never had before.
"Lucifer had been locked in a cage in the depths of Hell for a very long time, but with Heaven in a state of such chaos, no one noticed when the devil himself escaped right from under our noses," he continued, and Dean felt himself tense at the mention of the world's greatest evil. "The next thing we knew, people were getting infected with some kind of demonic disease, creating what you humans would call zombies, or the undead. Whatever it was, these things weren't human. People were dying faster than Heaven or Hell could manage, souls getting lost, ending up in the wrong places. Michael and Raphael were still fighting, so some angels, including myself, formed a rebellion. We planned to lock Lucifer away again, gain control of Heaven, and get the demon virus under control as soon as possible."
