John looked at him and cupped his face in his hands, speaking with a cracked voice, “I would die for you, love. Do you remember? I was going to die to be with you.”
Sherlock then walked out of the door, throwing his coat on as he left. John watched him walk down the stairs before going into their room.
Sherlock pondered it for a second, letting a shallow exhale make its way past his parted lips. He was right. He wasn’t happy. He knew what a gleeful feeling felt like, it was like when he got a level 10 case, and this wasn’t that. Even in the beginning, the relationship always felt… rushed- addictive, even, but never genuinely happy.
“Why?” Jim balked as if trying to understand what Sherlock was confused about. Still, his voice was calm, unlike what Sherlock was used to. “Because you know for a fact that things are going to get worse when you get back there, Sherlock.”
“Out with it, Sherlock.” He said, his tone both harsh and teasing. Sherlock didn’t give him any reaction, though. He just shook his head and cleared his throat. “She wasn’t married.” He said finally, his voice smaller than it used to be almost as if he were unsure in his deductions. “H-Her ring. It isn’t worn or anything and it leaves no indent on her finger.. Also, there’s a mark on her skin right there-” He points. “And it suggests an outside interest if we’re looking at the angle. She was held down, but the bruise isn’t dark enough to suggest violence, but more of a... sexual preference.” He said. “In conclusion, the man is the killer because his is the only story that doesn’t add up.” He concluded, backing up to let them take in the crime scene.
John nodded and got one of them, getting to work. He knew his things. He knew where they went. Sherlock, on the other hand, was just sitting there looking at John’s jumpers with a slightly nostalgic gleam.
Sherlock shook his head. “No.. I just don’t understand.” He said, looking up at Jim. “He wasn’t always like that.”
Sherlock sat there next to Jim in the den, the crackling of the fire filling up the silence that fell between them. It wasn’t an uncomfortable silence, though. It was quite comfortable. Jim looked over at Sherlock and cleared his throat. “Sherlock.” He began, waiting for him to return the gaze. “Have you heard from him at all?” He knew for a fact that Sherlock had. Not that he was spying through Sherlock’s phone. He just wanted to see if Sherlock would admit it. Sherlock just looked away and nodded. “Quite a bit in the beginning. Not so much now. Seems he’s given up. Not that he’d know where I was or how to get here in the first place. Seems he’s also got Mycroft involved, I’ve gotten a few texts from brother dear, but nothing of urgency. It’s not as though my disappearing is a new thing.”
Sherlock just let a silent breath escape his nostrils as he looked away and went over to the crime scene. He had gotten good at that. Being as silent as possible, that is. Even when he was breathing, he wouldn’t make any sounds. It didn’t start at John, though. He had been doing that since he was an adolescent, mostly because ofMycroft. But even so, Sherlock thought he had escaped the mental grasp of his brother that made him do that, so he didn’t understand why he did it with John. He loved John. It was almost just as if he wanted to make himself feel as invisible as possible. He just wanted to detach, observe, and be unnoticed. Although with John that was never the case.
“Okay John,” Sherlock agrees wholeheartedly. Who needs drugs when they have a John? “I don’t need drugs anymore anyway.”
John takes great satisfaction in painstakingly transcribing each of Sherlock's requests to its own index card. The cards also display the date each request was first fulfilled, and any notes he thinks to add.
, and perhaps more importantly, unheralded by any alarming commotion. Even if the security team had somehow been neutralized before being able to shout or shoot - highly improbable, with one of them having had time to send off a signal to John - there would have been thuds as their bodies hit the floor. Sherlock uncurls and unclenches, rising to his feet even as John glances over and nods.
This initial clarification-explanation-revelation is so stunning that it takes a good minute of fierce focus and mental review to even comprehend the rest of what John had said, not just acknowledge that noises are coming out of his mouth. He is offering Sherlock a return to the precious camaraderie that they had before, but also the option of becoming more.
John  chuckled and stepped in again, repeating the side hug and shoulder peck  as requested, and this time stayed put to await results.
"After everything, is it really so unbelievable that there are no lengths to which I will not go, or sacrifices that I will not make, for the sake of your happiness?"
He becomes aware that he's fallen asleep when he finds himself being woken up, with hands (gentle, warm, calloused, familiar,
Burns on top of whip-marks laid over lacerations criss-crossed with abrasions. He doesn't know exactly what his naked form looks like from behind, but he can see John's expression (upset, angry, nauseated...disgust?) every time he walks away with handfuls of silver-slick gel sheets destined for the biohazard bin.
Sherlock  seemed to freeze for a moment as he cleaned and put away his violin,  then finished the task and turned to look at John as he sat by the fire.  Sherlock stood, half in flickering firelight and otherwise obscured by  shadows, staring, looking, seeing.
And maybe it's this idea, that John will more easily believe what he reads, that makes Sherlock sweep up all his cards, hastily put them in order, and hold them up, hold them out. He has lied to John, small white lies and lies like gaping wounds oozing black bile. It makes so much more sense to let John read his explanations and confessions and promises, than to expect him to listen to it all from deceitful lips and yet receive it as gospel.
The trembling in his tum gets markedly worse, and Sherlock isn't sure if he's feeling more afraid and unsure, or if this is a herald of an oncoming loss of control; of impulsively deciding to throw self-control, dignity, and everything else separating man from goldfish to the wind. What he means to
“You’ve proved my point!” he declared, somehow combining an exasperated tossing up of hands and angrily delighted smile. “I needed you with me, as always, and you were
living here. Especially after reading through that file. All I could think about with any clarity, any calmness, was that I had to return that...that unimaginable devotion as best I could. And that meant coming back to you, instead of moving forward with Mary."
But of course, resuming his suicide mission isn't exactly an act calculated to increase the man's happiness, and
John celebrates this by dragging Sherlock’s face down and nuzzling their noses together. He does it so enthusiastically that it sort of hurts, but pulls back before Sherlock has to complain about his cartilage.
Things devolve into a circular argument of where the blame lies for all the hurts suffered, each of them trying to take the lion's share and insisting that the other has nothing to apologize for. In the end, they settle upon a happy compromise of heaping all consequences - primary, secondary, and tertiary - upon Moriarty's head. An overly simplistic solution perhaps, but not unreasonable or illogical.
And as he understands it, John ought to be firmly on the creditors list with Sherlock's other friends, not the debtors side with the Holmes brothers, who orchestrated and masterminded and deceived.
His face did something, apparently, because Sherlock eyed him sharply, then jumped up and stalked off to the kitchen table.
While John had been inserting himself into a complicated game of tag between two dead men, he'd willingly thrown his money, availability, discretion, and resources into ensuring that Sherlock would emerge as the last man standing. He'd put his life and his corporation in the line of fire, and had been suddenly grateful for all of the events that had molded him into a man who could maintain an unflinching mask and cool head in the face of stressful circumstances and unpleasant surprises. Over a year later, Carthage is a smoking ruin with Mycroft Holmes plotting new cities in its ashes, and John and Sherlock are safe and sound in London where they belong. But John is still expending resources, only now it's into making sure Sherlock recovers, not just survives.
Sherlock's allowed to go home once his labs come back clean. Having a physician promising to watch over him goes a long way toward reassuring the staff that he is safe to release, and out of gratitude, he doesn't put up (much of) a fuss at the wheelchair John brings 'round for their trip down to the car park.
"That's do-able," John agrees, looking relieved. Had he been anticipating the return of Stroppy Sherlock, and a demand for roast squab, a rich port, and a pack of Sterlings for pudding?
"It's not a verb, John," Sherlock chides, but while he's trying to wave the compliment off, his cheeks prickle with a pleased flush and he cannot keep his mouth from twisting up into a smile.
. Not the blonde, not a woman at all, but the man who lied to him and left him and still needs cue cards for ordinary social interactions.)
"Your face was doing some very strange things," John observes, and Sherlock snaps his head up, a guilty blush already pricking at his cheeks. But while John is looming in the doorway with his arms crossed, his posture is loose and easy, and his expression is on the edge of laughter.
- and the conclusion he'd come to before of John being a free man is still solid and stable. Stronger now than when it first came to mind, even, shored up by all the kisses and caresses and murmured praises even when Sherlock hasn't said anything clever. Not once has there been a look of guilt or regret, or hesitation born from a pang of conscience.
It occurs to Sherlock - accompanied by the impulse to smack himself on the back of the head for being so thick - that John must need to tell the tale for his own sake as well. Since the unfairy-tale ending, he's been entirely wrapped up in Sherlock's recuperation and completely isolated except for brief interactions with Mycroft's security detail. There has to be a mess of love and loss and gratitude and self-recrimination all tangled up inside him, and after spending his time and talents and energy in taking care of Sherlock, there's been no one for John to turn to, no one to care for him in turn.
While dinner is cooking, Sherlock has tea, John opens a beer, and they trade smiles across the stretch of floor every time John has to retrieve something from the refrigerator or turns to the kitchen table for a sip of Guinness. Egg noodles drain and the chicken finishes up in the pan as John helps Sherlock to the loo and back, and then they collaborate in engineering a pile of pillows and cushions optimal for back and hip support while viewing a movie together.
"I make my living by coddling soulless capitalists," she says, tapping away at her computer with utter unconcern. "If you're serious about wanting to scrape away the layers of sociopathy and narcissism you've accumulated over the decades to see if you've still got a heart under there somewhere that you can give to Sherlock, you'll have to go to Dr. Hughes."
“Even a one percent chance of having just quaffed the results of the Sherlock Holmes Brew Your Own MDMA kit is too high, you tit! Why’d you even drink yours anyway?! We were supposed to take it in turns!”
“You’re  beautiful. I could watch you play forever.” And then, to forestall any  doubt of his meaning, John added, “I love watching you play. I love  watching you, period. You’re always beautiful to me, whether you’re  scribbling notes or in your Mind Palace or picking the celery out of  your cashew chicken.”
"It's all right. I understand, really. You don't have to apologize." John sandwiches the clinging fingers on his forearm with his unrestrained hand and smiles, kind and caring. But Sherlock is already shaking his head at the very first syllable, and the only reason he allows John to get the entire ridiculous, fallacious, baseless reassurance out is that there's still some mysterious obstruction clogging up his throat.
More of the latter two than he cares to tally at the moment, yes, but it takes no time at all to categorize them all as stemming from insecurity and fear. They're weeds growing in the plot he's attempting to cultivate a relationship in; a waste of time at best and threatening to crowd out and suffocate at worst. He'll deal with them later. Perhaps he'll decide to ask for John's assistance and advice, perhaps not, but either way he won't bother the man with them just now.
"Well. Well-rested, what with having slept through the bulk of the day," Sherlock eventually determines, and then glances up hesitantly. Their toast and talk seem like centuries ago, though he can't have been asleep for much more than an hour.
The retelling of John and Mary's short-lived romance is hardly begun, never mind finished, and certainly not to the satisfaction of Sherlock's curiosity.
So in my notes, this was supposed to be just a paragraph or two before I led into the next bit. It ended up being a whole chapter by itself. How do I concise??
Everyone I knew from before was treating me like...dunno, bomb about to go off, maybe. No surprise; I didn't feel very stable. But one morning I dropped my phone and suddenly she was there, picking it up for me, and asking me if I wanted 'a soggy paper cup of stewed coffee'. I just stared at her, you know? And she laughed and said she wasn't sure I was really awake yet, and was going to work her way up to asking me to join her for lunch. Wasn't going to waste a proper invitation on a zombie, she said.
Even righteously angry John or deeply disappointed John (well, maybe) is preferable to impersonal John.
If  it hadn’t knocked him back so far he might have experienced frustration  at this unexpected development. For heaven’s sake he’d only just this  morning been able to stretch and yawn without  searing nerve pain and the nightmares were finally started to ebb - just   slightly, hardly a statistically significant amount really, but still  enough for  hope - and he’d hoped that maybe, just maybe, he was starting to feel  like himself again,  like he didn’t have to put so much damn effort into pretending to be  okay. But his heart had gotten the jump on his  brain at this surprise attack, and Sherlock was now mostly offline.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes, and this time John closes his eyes and sighs in the manner of a man trying to come to terms with death.
Sherlock nods acquiescence, and after a bit of throat-clearing, a steadying exhale, and several nervous glances, John begins.
John,  to his eternal and undying shame, just sat and stared and let that sink  in until another nearly inaudible ping shocked him out of the previous  shock to his system. Then, in a move that was a horrifically malformed  love-child of pragmatism and affection, clinked the empty water glass in  his own hands into the one Sherlock was holding before giving up on  himself as a lost cause and knocking both cups to the floor. His life was a comedy and  tragedy and action-romance-fantasy all at once. It was grotesque and  wonderful.
"That," John murmurs, nosing at the curve of Sherlock's fingers and pressing a light kiss to the palm. He pulls away and also tugs Sherlock's wrist down, finally getting the interfering limb out of the way of his mouth.
John burst back into the flat at a much higher energy level than usual, pounding up the stairs without any concern as to what Sherlock might deduce from his speed and stomp factor.
John blinks and actually glances around, as if Sherlock's old mobile or any one of his burners will be perched sedately atop a pile of books. He catches himself, then looks back at Sherlock, and then inevitably, they fall into helpless giggles.
“What are you talking about, you silly git?” John chortled, having fallen prey to his cocktail while listening.
)  that had just drained the last of its batteries. He waited, bobbed his  head a bit to see if motion would trigger any reaction, called his  friend’s name, and waved.
It strikes him, just before he settles into the task, how glad he is to have woken up wrapped firmly in John's presence. The idea of his feelings being reciprocated has been a dream so long desired and yet despaired of; a few kisses and a declaration is not enough to destroy a hopeless yearning that's had years in which to solidify. Had he woken up back in bed, and alone, he might have worried that the entire day had been a dream. Even now, with his head pillowed on John's shoulder and John's heartbeat steady under one palm, he is fluttering back and forth between something like giddiness and stunned disbelief.
John couldn’t think, couldn’t process, couldn’t take in this flood of tears and begging and pain and love and he just
"I'll have them get you a bright pink case," John murmurs from one side of a crooked smile, and then they're laughing again.
"What you need is to grow up," Mrs. Hudson declares. "However you've lived, it's made you into the man you are now; well and good...or perhaps not, but that's neither here nor there. But you're well into your adulthood and you're being told flat out that you're not marriage material--"
Sherlock wrinkles his nose, cracks open his jaw, twitches his index finger. He feels like a old toy, missing parts, rusted to near immobility, and laying forgotten in the weeds. An attempt is made to call
John hadn't taken any of it gracefully, and their association had seemed at an end for some time. The businessman's stubbornness had eventually won out over pride, however, and the late nights arguing over takeaway and running up and down alleys avoiding both CCTV cameras and John's security detail had eventually resumed.
“Whom,” Sherlock corrected, and then bit down on his lips and began intently examining the back of the sofa. John’s face must have reflected the level of homicidal he was feeling, because the expression on Sherlock’s face was very near regret.
When they meet, Sherlock quirks an eyebrow as the doctor's coronet of greenery noticeably thickens. The other eyebrow joins its mate when merely walking closer causes a blushing bud to appear over John Watson's left ear. Brushing fingers causes two more to nose their way through thick blond strands, and John grins a bit sheepishly while smoothing his unruly vines back with one hand.
John finishes off the grooming session by seating Sherlock on the toilet for another quick shave with the electric razor. And then, with all the confidence of a man with naturally straight hair always kept short, he gives Sherlock a thorough blow-dry and brushing out. John's expression is confused and alarmed when he steps back to survey the ruination, and soon both men are snickering.
(That is singularly unhelpful, thank you John. How is he supposed to solve a case without any details?)
13 chapters, they've communicated "I love you" to each other, and there is still no snogging. What even am I writing? orz
“It’s okay sweetheart,” John declares magnanimously, and envelopes him in a bear hug which is very nice indeed. “Just don’t do any drugs, okay? It makes me sad.”
The detective could have been stroppy and selfish and demanding and dangerous, and the blogger would have given back just as good as he got. Friends could have invaded each other's personal space and flatmates could have declared war on each other's habits and hangups. But they are too wounded and weary just now to bear what had passed for normalcy between them.
John counted to three and then disengaged, stepping back twice before looking up to assess the damage.
The John-you’re-being-disappointingly-ordinary “oh” only serves to ratchet up the tension in the room, and Sherlock attempts to diffuse it somewhat.
At first she's merely Sherlock's slightly batty landlady, only met in little glimpses here and there as she brings them tea or calls up to the first floor whenever someone comes knocking for the world's only consulting detective. She staunchly defends herself from the title of housekeeper, and so far as John can tell from the chaotic clutter in 221B, she's really not. She's just Sherlock's doorman, administrative assistant, chef, laundress, and occasional nurse.
John seems to have the most trouble with Sherlock never second-guessing whom to shoot. He keeps pressing, as if wanting to be told that yes, Sherlock did have one moment of hesitation, one pang of self-doubt.
"I hate that I did that to her. I still think I made the right decision. Stringing her along until she got fed up and dumped me wouldn't have made anyone happy. Bottom line though, is that she deserved better. My only excuse for the whole mess is I honestly thought you were gone."
"I have an excellent doctor." Sherlock sets aside his ill humor for now in favor of giving John an appreciative peck. He has not forgotten his mission; to live up to John's belief in Sherlock, of having a great heart and brilliant mind, of deserving the honor of being John's best friend and the most important person in his life.
(Where is his SIG?) The handgun fits neatly in John's hand, but it's just one more unexpected detail that makes his breath come shallow and short.
(And Sherlock isn't exactly overflowing with fond nostalgia for not-his-boyfriend, I'm-not-gay, we're-not-together John Three Continents but Only One Gender Watson, but...)
“Careful; you’re probably too weak to hold it just yet,” John cautions, wrapping Sherlock’s hands around the glass (cool but not cold, too much condensation, the ice melted because John had miscalculated when Sherlock would wake up, warm hands, warm warm warm
"It was like this flat," John says, setting off on a tangental path. "When you were gone, I couldn't bear living here anymore. And once you were back, I couldn't stand
But before he can do anything, before he can even draw breath for a whimper, John pulls away and to the side, buries himself in the crook of Sherlock's neck and heaves out a lung-emptying sigh. It's warm and damp and under any other circumstances would ride the line between curious and unpleasant. As it is, he finds it intimate and comforting. Without much thinking about it, he releases his fistfuls of John's shirt and wraps the man in a firm hug, mirroring the one he himself is enveloped in.
"Good morning, again," John quips, before Sherlock can do much more than widen his eyes and draw in a deep breath. "Though we're well into the afternoon, now. How are you feeling?"
He puts the puzzle aside for the time being, however, and nods to John's suggestion of tea and toast and yes, yes, you may have an egg on your bread. Even when the other man disappears into the kitchen, Sherlock stays put on the couch instead of attempting to get a peek at the papers. John's declaration of loyalties renewed is still too fresh, too dazzlingly new, for Sherlock to do otherwise than proceed on the same plan with his heart as he is with his digestive system; with extreme caution.
Sherlock glances to the side, blinking. He'd been prepared to argue this point down entirely on his own, and is pleasantly surprised to find the practical, pragmatic soldier so firmly on his side of the discussion.
And while Sherlock is certainly not looking to groom the man into anything more than whatever it is he already is, he's self-aware enough to admit that he's more tactile with John than anyone else. The consulting detective drags John everywhere, not just by dashing off and expecting the other man to follow, but literally by the wrist, the elbow, a bit of sleeve pinched beween fingers.
"Can I, then?" John asks, steady and sure but still requesting permission. There is no hand in the way of his taking, now; they are clenched bloodless-tight in Sherlock's lap.
"Yeah, see? This is why I need the notes. Shite at talking things out in general, and just...one of the biggest regrets I had was saying all the wrong things the day you...the day at Bart's, and never having said anything I ought to've, even before the whole mess with Moriarty. When I realized I'd been given this second chance, this
Perhaps he's being childish. Perhaps he's simply - and rightfully so - exhausted and still recovering. Sherlock lifts a gaze he hadn't realized he'd dropped to check his answers against Mycroft's expression, and relaxes at what he finds there.
Sherlock's unruly brain occasionally attempts to suggest a tangled theory of mistrust and doubt involving John's desire to have an escape route clear of Mycroft's security detail available before he takes things any further. Each time the thought pops up, it is mentally stamped on, ground down, and kicked away. Sherlock is determined not to ruin this almost surreal honeymoon period granted to them with his insecurities.
with me. Not how he loves his mates, his family, his risotto. I can ask him if  he will kiss me and his answer will be a very enthusiastic yes. We can share the flat and our food and the Work but also a bed, and kisses, and an entire life together.)
(Any questions? Concerns? Any answers you can feed me, and detailed instructions on how to assuage said concerns? And if you have concerns about how inexperienced and unprepared I am to address your concerns, let me only say; I am a quick learner, and most highly motivated to succeed in this endeavor.)
"Whenever you're ready is fine," John reassures him, as soon as their eyes meet. "Now, later, or even never if you change your mind. I needed to say the things I did because...well, I needed to, and I'd hoped it would help more than it'd harm for you to hear me say them. I don't need a note back if you don't want to give one, all right?"
“I  am open to experimentation,” Sherlock replied tersely, after a short  sigh and audible grinding of his teeth. “Based on the results, I would  be willing to negotiate and perhaps expand my definition of what is and  is not ‘my area’.”
"Blame Mycroft," Sherlock suggests, smiling sunnily over at his brother. "He knew too. In fact, hide in the bedroom with me, and let
Sherlock wraps his scarf tighter, flips his collar higher, and keeps John busy following and fetching and running two deductions behind. And he checks behind his ears and under his fringe and along his nape not just at night, now, but morning and noon and every time he's alone in the loo. It's not just a cursory check either, but a painstaking parting of curls with an extra mirror mounted on the wall to ensure that he doesn't miss a single spot.
In all other aspects, it is very much a proper kiss. Those capable hands are still cradling Sherlock's head gently, thumbs slowly rubbing back and forth along sometimes-scoffed-at cheekbones. John's eyes are closed and he's tipped his head slightly to the left to avoid mashing their noses together. His lips purse softly against Sherlock's fingers, go slack and retreat, then press forward once more. And (oh) now John's mouth is open, just a milimeter or two, enough to leave a sliver of damp against Sherlock's middle finger.
However it is, Sherlock is kept perfectly content with the variety to be found in these sweet, simple kisses. They make him hunger for more, but it's for repetition, not diversity. Besides, he finds that there is an infinite variety to be found even in the first item on his list alone. Duration, pressure, the temperature and texture and taste of John's lips depending on whether he's just licked them or had juice or sipped at his tea. Reclining on the couch together, head tipped back while seated in his chair, being assisted in standing and sitting and lying down.
They're not just keeping others out, however; they're also here to ensure that you and I stay inside and undetected. You make trips out to the landing, but no further, and the curtains aren't just shut; they're clipped together and tacked down. I suppose Mycroft had you casually tell your inner circle that you were off to Scotland for a conference or some such thing, and planning to turn it into an extended holiday?"
"Ta very much," John snorts wryly, then settles into a sort of softened down version of his earlier fierce focus. "So, how do you feel?"
Sherlock seeks out John’s face to see if there’s approval or awe there; a habit he’s barely even aware of by this point. John is watching him, but there’s a tiny crinkle of a frown instead of open admiration. One bit of Sherlock’s mind peels off to ponder over this expression, half-hidden by the mug raised to John’s lips.
Sherlock effectively gags himself for a minute by cramming the rest of the burger into his mouth, and in the lull, John tries not to be disturbed at how easily his privacy has been invaded by the two most dangerous men in the UK. Having neatly demolished the main course, his companion steadily moves through the pile of chips and side order of steamed veg, hurrying them down his gullet with gulps of black tea. The schedule is not as strict as when they meet in public places or arrange timed drops for each other, but Sherlock still has no time to waste.
John turns around at the door with a smile and flourish, letting Sherlock have the honor of finally breaking out of the flat, but the detective hesitates. For all that he's eager to escape confinement and recapture territory and finally, finally get back some of what he'd left behind so long ago, he freezes once he has a hand on the doorknob.
"Guess I'm your enrichment team, then? Any...I dunno, feedback or suggestions? Questions, concerns?"
Sherlock watches as John moves back into the upstairs bedroom, and supervises as 221C is gutted and remodeled into a lovely little laboratory. Once the renovation is complete, he loses interest in chemistry and takes up early childhood development studies instead.
He says none of this, but John still smiles at him as if he has and places a comforting hand against the small of Sherlock's back. This simple gesture is enough to shake Sherlock loose from his stunned reverie, and soon he's back to scribbling and scribing.
“Control kisses first,” John said with a grin. “Cigarette breath is a variable outside the scope of our experiment.”
Instead of rolling his eyes, Sherlock nods, because he does not want to ruin the mood by acting a prat. That done, he hints at a desire for recommencing the kissing by tipping his head invitingly and pinning his best yearning look at John's lips. If this were a dinner, he would be painted as a shameless glutton.
He  paused and tried to think of what put that lovely glow in his chest,  not just a stirring low in his belly and a sweet ache even further  south.
, saved him for himself, not me, not mine, not gay, not together, never together, shouldn't have come
“You  didn’t deserve a single one of those ugly, untrue things I said. Please  believe me. You’re human in all the best ways and none of the bad.  You’re brilliant and sharp and so knowledgeable that you’d put any  scholar to shame, but that’s practically the least amazing thing about  you when a person gets to really know you, you know? You’re the most  kind and caring person I know, even though you won’t admit to even  having feelings some days. You have the biggest heart, the greatest  capacity to feel.”
The third kiss is like the demonstration that had been given against Sherlock's palm; John lips at his mouth halfway through, setting off the same tip-to-toes cascade of shivers. A rogue spasm in his limbs has him clutching blindly, fingers clawing into John's shirt, holding on at bicep and elbow because he might fall off the couch otherwise. His world feels tippy and spinny and it seems to be affecting his stomach as well as his inner ear. His pulse kicks up again, and yet another notch when John gives a low hum and nibbles at him a second time. The goosebumps from the first time haven't even completely faded yet, and the fluttery feeling building and building in his stomach makes Sherlock whine faintly against John's mouth.
John barks a laugh and his whole demeanor relaxes into amusement, diffusing the tension of a moment before. He straightens up and away, unclenches his hands so he can drag them down his thighs. His shoulders drop, and the wrinkles marring his forehead scatter into laugh lines instead.
"Not sure I do. Craving anything in particular, then? Not sure your stomach would thank you for suddenly gorging on dim sum."
, Sherlock,” John declares, and it fills Sherlock up with so much contentment that he thinks he might burst.
"That's the thing though," John says, curling up out of his comfortable slouch and one elbow coming to perch on an arm of his red chair. Sturdy fingers rub at his brow like he wants to stop frowning but can't make his features obey.
The CEO takes a sudden interest in expanding the company's footprint, both in physical holdings as well as offerings. It's unexpected and rife with risk, but he presents the board of directors with a compelling profitability projection, and so rumors, announcements, and then responsibilities for the project and its related goals begin filtering their way down the organizational structure. The importance of the expansion is underlined by the CEO himself taking on all of the responsibility for scouting out potential sites and partners, handling every initial interview and meeting and survey himself, and only looping in his executive directors and vice presidents and all their various underlings once he's made up his mind one way or another.
A nuzzle and kiss to his neck yanks his attention away from the movie that he isn't really watching, and then John is carefully rearranging the both of them. There's a quiet "c'mere" and a great deal of squirming and swearing and blanket-tugging before John is satisfied, but at long last they are supine. Sherlock's cards are once again on the coffee table, the blanket is deemed superfluous and relegated to the floor, John is draped a la Sherlock along the seat cushions, and Sherlock is wedged between John and the back of the couch and happy to be so.
John presses in more forcefully for just a split second, then retreats, like a little kiss-shove. One hand is still clasping his nape and keeping him close, however, so Sherlock theorizes that this maneuver is some sort of signal that the kiss has concluded. As if to reward him for this brilliance, the moment is topped off with a barely-there peck, like a period at the end of a long sentence.
It seems that while Sherlock has been graciously forgiven, John is holding somewhat of a grudge against Mycroft, and the younger Holmes finds that he's entirely in charity with the idea. Sherlock beams up at his beloved from his seat on the floor.
John wanted that, was fine without it but would be happier having it, and didn’t mind Sherlock knowing.
When Sherlock finds out that his microscope is located in the brand new mini laboratory built out in 221C, complete with a refrigerator, freezer, incubator, autoclave, and plenty of filtration and ventilation, he nearly dances out of his own skin with glee. Even John's comment of "Mycroft's idea, actually" does nothing toward dampening his enthusiasm.
John has declared himself available to be Sherlock's friend and physician and many other things. But there may yet be another person who can claim John in other ways (lover, husband), and Sherlock is not yet strong enough to examine that theory deliberately, to look directly at it and let details and observations resolve and solidify.
Far be it from him to keep the man he loves waiting at such a pivotal moment. Sherlock hastens to convey the most important assurance first, which is that he loves him. Loves him
Sherlock wants to say 'thank you' and 'I love you' and 'please marry me because you are terrifyingly perfect and I must bind you to me in every possible earthly manner', but the phrases clog together in his throat and he can't decide which to pull free first and Mycroft is still sitting across from them and even marriage is meaningless compared to the level of commitment he feels for and desires from the person sitting next to him on the sofa and oh God he is so terribly in love with this man.
“What,” John grinds out, already understanding from the tone of that exhalation that this experiment has taken on a distinctly pear-like shape. This is not Sherlock’s I’ve-solved-it “oh” or his what-a-disappointingly-pedestrian-conclusion “oh” or even his well-now-this-seems-intriguing “oh”. This is the “oh” that in others generally precedes “shit” or “fuck”.
However, after he's let all his deductions loose, there's a riotous burst of color along John's temples. Sherlock winks, just to see what happens.
"Her name is Mary," John tells him, slow and steady, "and I broke up with her over the phone right after our six month anniversary, because the love of my life had unexpectedly returned from the dead."
He looks most like Sherlock at first glance, with the same dramatic curls and heavy brows, the little upward tilt to the tip of his nose over lips that ought to look absolutely ridiculous on a man. John recognizes the rounded chin and precise angle of the jaw, and can't stop himself from glancing up from Mycroft's phone to compare the scattering of moles on Sherlock's neck to the ones on Geoffrey's.
They quietly putter about after lunch, not joined at the hip but hardly ever more than ten feet apart. Sherlock rifles through an accumulation of newspapers for interesting morsels, and John taps away at his phone. And as is part of their new routine, as soon as one or the other of them grows restless with their forcedly subdued, sedentary, and confined lifestyle, they draw near and begin angling for contact. Intimacy is a beautiful cure for boredom.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes, and the way John visibly snaps to full-body attention without actually moving would be absolutely riveting, except that the consulting detective and amateur scientist is a little too caught up in his error to pay much mind.
When John falls in love, Sherlock's buds shrivel and brown and die off. The crunchy little corpses are camouflaged well enough in his dark hair and wash away easy as anything in the shower.
"The day at Bart's wasn't the worst day of my life. Wasn't your funeral, either. It was the day the shock and disbelief wore off and I realized that it was true; you were gone. It...I was...well, things were messy, for a long time."
He suggests whatever the latest Bond film is, much to John's surprise and delight, so they watch "Skyfall" while holding bowls full of linguine and slivers of summer vegetables, toppped with shredded chicken that gives Sherlock's jaw a workout. Mycroft may be stocking the pantry but John Watson, MD is still doing the cooking, and he tends to leave chicken (clostridium perfringens, campylobacter, enterococcus faecium) and pork (salmonella, enterococcus faecalis, and occasionally trichinella spiralis) a little too long on the hob.
“The neutralizers will work! I know they will! I wouldn’t have been compromised at all, so I would have been completely capable of safely and effectively drawing a blood sample!”
He prides himself on his maturity and self-control for five days, and then realizes that this unusual patience was only a product of the fatigue he's experiencing after two years operating at critical threat level, and more damage to his transport - both chronic and acute - than any one person could reasonably expect to survive. Weeks of chemically enforced and emotionally manipulated bedrest and the near-constant attendance of a hypervigilant physician have done wonders for the outright damage and nerve pain, but the bulk of his energy is being spent on continuing to heal, and he simply hasn't had anything in reserve to spend on fidgeting.
Sherlock  successfully translated this muffled request and went to the kitchen to  order every possible combination of meat and noodle that Pearl Garden  offered and to begin heating up a liter of ice water in the sacred  chemical-free tea-only I-mean-it-Sherlock kettle. Those tasks  accomplished, he padded back to the living room, hustled the telly out  from its corner, and began channel surfing.
(A shower and proper shampoo. Sitting in the living room. Eggy toast with a sprinkle of salt. Watching John pecking away at his laptop.)
) as anything but his attending physician. Unfortunately his - apparently obvious - pause of surprise deepens the little wrinkle between John's brows.
Sherlock drifts and dreams and when he finally manages to pry his gummy eyes open, what he sees only serves to further disorient him. He’s in his old bedroom but there are wires and tubes trailing away from him and the unfortunately familiar peep of a heart monitor nearby. Every bit of him is in pain, but it’s more soreness than the slashed and stabbed feeling he was expecting, and his back is no longer a mass of raw fire. And oh…John is there, (John, John,
Those piercing eyes cut back  to him, flitting over his face and form, probably gathering data in  order to fill out a checklist titled “25 Signs that Your Flatmate is  Sincere, Not Just Humoring You”. Results apparently to his liking,  Sherlock nodded and drew breath to speak.
loves me. John Heterosexual Watson, known Biblically on three continents, a veteran of all the Katherines and Helens and boring bloody bints that London has on offer.)
"He has a decent eye for talent," Sherlock sniffs, making an effort to suppress any concern that his overprotective older brother is here to black bag the budding relationship. If he was seriously considering black bagging John himself, well, he certainly wouldn't give Sherlock a head's up about it. He'd simply order it done and deny ever having had a hand in it. Thankfully John is not nearly so dangerous to Sherlock's health and safety as all that, so instead of attempting misdirection or manipulation, Sherlock simply pretends ignorance like a child sitting on a toy and refusing to acknowledge its existence lest it be taken away.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock whispers, and presses a penitent kiss to John's hair. What's done is done, but the repercussions fall heavy on their shoulders sometimes, and he can't help the fanciful desire for some sort of miraculous or magical relief.
[docent voice] And here we see Mycroft Holmes, who has already shown a penchant for meddling in Sherlock's affairs, now messing about with John's. Could his reluctance to allow John's employees into France merely be an older brother's protective instincts? Or could it have anything to do with the memory stick that Irene Adler-Halstead gave to him after she took a job with the DGSI? Who can tell? [/docent voice]
3. John needs to learn to relate in a healthier way to the people around him; to have reasonable boundaries, to have empathy, and to be vulnerable.
Have been all day, in fact. Was Sherlock getting out of bed the catalyst? The physician not able to act as something more until his duties were over? Or was it the note; confessions and declarations serving as a key to unlock potential and possibilities? If being able to share his thoughts had been the goal itself, there wouldn't still be this sense of wanting, or waiting...this sense of
between the two men. If nothing else comes of it, at least John's gotten some actual therapy out of it. The CEO may consider it all humiliating, but Greg likes to think of it as humbling and humanizing instead. A long-term investment into the emotional development of one John H. Watson.
John  did the blinky thing that was generally Sherlock’s schtick and then  attempted to clarify, locking eyes on his flatmate’s face with hopeful  anticipation.
Sherlock's echoing "obviously" is rather weak. He's still busy grimacing at every moustache he conjures up in his mental gallery, though he puts a pin in the scruffy beard look for later consideration. There's a soft sigh then, which draws his focus back up and away.
John let these thoughts chase each other merrily around in his mind while his pulse and breathing gradually slowed. Once he felt settled, though not entirely calm, he weakly tossed his phone onto the bed and sighed, hands on his hips.
A bit of clanging and cursing draws his attention to the doorway, and when John reappears, he stops a moment and then chuckles.
. Prides himself on it, in fact. And while he has possibly shagged more people than he'd ever hurt or healed in Her Majesty's service, he has never nor will he ever commit adultery.
The only thing he kept back was “I love you”. It  would be too pitiful to throw that one out, when they were only doing  this for an experiment. (Right?) Sherlock
The personal return on investments is also a matter of joy to him. They've only exchanged a few kisses thus far, despite the many nights spent together. It was all too surreal and strained, and stress-relief sex not worth lowering their guard for. They are broken and dysfunctional and both men probably need a lifetime of therapy but that doesn't mean they aren't eminently suited for each other. John and Sherlock have been tried and tested, proven true to each other, and miracle of miracles, have talked things out and come to an agreement; they are together.
"Patience, love," John chuckles, and Sherlock scowls because the endearment is so effective at making his chest feel all glowy and warm, and John is ruining the good long sulk that Sherlock is entitled to.
“Says here,” John read off his phone, “that when Donovan asked ‘where’s the boyfriend’ you said I was at the dentist’s.”
John seems to have some requests of his own to be fulfilled. A great many, in fact, if the quantity of...stuff...he has ordered is any indication. Sherlock opens two other boxes, lighter than the first though not much smaller in dimension.
So now, thanks to Sherlock's traitorous mouth and unruly heart, John was off to mingle his way through a ballroom, armed with Gieves & Hawkes, an easy demeanor, and a devastating grin.
Going over his recently acquired knowledge of what it feels like to be kissed (!) and cuddled (!!) and loved (!!!!!) by John Watson is the obvious answer. It's mostly indulgence, but he tells himself it's only prudent to double-check his new memories and confirm that they're securely archived.
The board of directors tactfully allows John to resign and retire after his grand scheme of expansion fails to yield even a quarter of the returns he'd promised. Personally he's surprised that it was even that successful; he'd privately projected a net loss, at least fiscally. His actual goal - to set Sherlock up with a global network of safehouses, act as his quartermaster, and provide full funding for his mission to destroy Moriarty's criminal empire - has exceeded expectations.
"As much as it would delight me to act for Doctor Watson in this matter," Mycroft interjects dryly, "I'm afraid it makes little sense for me to be co-hosting a holiday party with Mrs. Hudson. You do, after all, wish to ensure that everyone actually attends, and my extending the invitation hardly assures the success of such an endeavor."
“Yeah, not good, I know. I don’t care and neither did he. He was…interesting, and what absolutely drove me ‘round the twist was that he acted like
On those nights, John putters around, getting ready for the next day's meetings while Sherlock relays messages that he couldn't trust to any of their timed drops or encrypted phones, uses John as a board against which to iron out the kinks in his plans and plots, and eats whatever room service has delivered. That done, he strips and showers and then collapses in John's bed, unconscious as soon as his head hits the pillow. John sits on the floor, eyes on the door and one hand on whatever weapon Sherlock happens to bring with him.
"Such enthusiasm," John snorts, heaving himself up off the sofa. "Feeling up to shredded chicken and noodles?"
Sherlock pouts a bit and considers his options. Skirting around another large box, wary of discovering a collection of sex toys next, he rustles open a large paper bag.
” John breathed, and  this brought Sherlock’s gaze back up to his. A quick scan, and then the  detective smiled; a lopsided, shy little thing, gone in a flash.
(You're my doctor. I'm your patient. I have to do exactly as you say or you'll give me to Mycroft. Those are the terms under which you and I operate for now, and until I know more I don't dare test the borders.)
"Not ready yet?" John asks, unknowingly summarizing the thoughts whirling about under dark curls. It's quietly, softly asked, but Sherlock still startles, making John's curious, inquiring expression edge over into concern.
"Moriarty threatened to burn the heart out of me," Sherlock says, trying to keep his voice steady and failing terribly at it. "But I actually did it to you, and I am so sorry, John. You mustn't blame yourself for not being able to give anyone else your whole heart, not when I'd been the one to break it."
John rubs his leg with a few grumbles and Sherlock slowly stretches out his back, reveling in the fact that he can do so without any alarming twinges or spasms. The only ongoing issues that significantly limit him are nerve pain in his shoulder and the need to get back into fighting form, and those simply require more time and cardio to sort out.
John reviews it until he has it memorized, then skips the discussion bit entirely and goes straight to implementation. Sherlock finds himself amenable. Enthusiastically so, in fact. Number five in particular is such a rousing success, so to speak, that they don't get any farther than this first handful of requests during the inaugural week of their romance.
It's not perfect, but it's good, and as time goes on and they keep going on together, they even admit it to each other now and then.
John puts a steadying hand on his chest as he carefully swipes a soft washcloth over Sherlock's newly healed back, keeps an arm around his waist as Sherlock stands to allow access to his backside, and sits half-in and half-out of the tub so that he can set Sherlock's foot on one knee while he scrubs at it. The doctor is nearly as soaked through as his patient by the time he's done with the bath gel and ready to move on to shampoo. Sherlock sits, eyes closed, grateful for the excuse to shut out the temptation to look and see and draw conclusions.
"People make new friends at all stages of life. There's nothing remarkable about it, and that's what makes things seem embarrassing, isn't it? The fear that people will notice something out of the ordinary, stop and stare, and start thinking thoughts about us?"
Later, when phones are unlocked and files are closed and they are finally alone again, he presses for an explanation.
Sherlock was surprised to wake up, not having intended to fall asleep in the first place. Certainly not while sneaking a cuddle with John's jacket.
)  the window quite badly, there. Some few social gatherings with whatever  other groomsmen John wished would have to be organized, and of course  the penultimate event; the stag do. He felt himself come back to life a  bit at the thought of getting John fitted for a proper suit and walking  him through all of the options of style and cut and how silk hugged and  wool hung. He lingered a bit over the thought of a sensuously soft  cravat nestled under John’s chin, then moved on to the need to  coordinate colors with the florist, who would also need to be someone he  could entrust with the decoration of the church, where he would stand  just behind and to the side of John, and…
His first few sessions are not auspicious. The book jacket hook would be that John stomps in, demands that the psychologist "fix him," and then refuses to cooperate further.
But while phrases such as "thank you for being so protective of me, and the heart that we have both acknowledged that I have" and "I appreciate the way in which you wish to shield me from even relatively harmless sorts of harm" are clear and comparatively concise, they're terribly awkward to actually put out there in audible syllables. Even reborn, Sherlock is still British, and there are limits to how much honest emoting he can do on any given day.
Bending over to pick up his robe Sherlock didn't bend his knees, making his butt stand straight up. John watched, his groin starting to tingle. That view was not something you see every day. The deep scars on his back still sent a shock on sadness through him every time he saw them, but right now, he didn't see them. The view of Sherlock’s ass was much more inviting.
”Sherlock!” John called as he ran up to him and gripped his wrists. Sherlock snarled and tried to break free, but John’s grip was firm.
Lestrade tried to bring him into a hug, but John broke away from the embrace. He approached the flashing lights, blinking against them. ”He’s not dead.” He repeated now in one last, desperate plea.
”Do you have to go?” He asked before he could stop himself. He felt himself blush, and kept his gaze on the cup, even if he felt John looking up at him. It sounded like a plea almost, which was very out of character for him.
”I like that you know.” Sherlock suddenly said, and John opened his eyes to the dimly lit up room. The telly was still going on low volume.
John turned around and reached up to grab Sherlock’s neck to pull him in for a kiss. And now it was a tired, loving kiss, which Sherlock returned, grabbing John’s neck as well. When they both leaned back, John tried to stifle a yawn, unsuccessfully. Sherlock smiled and went to grab him a blanket, and a towel. John dried himself off before snuggling up in the blanket.
”You idiot…” He whispered so softly Sherlock almost didn’t catch it. Sherlock laughed in relief and tilted his head back, blinking away tears he knew John couldn’t see anyway. John didn’t hate him. He continued.
”I’ve been called back. I need to leave tomorrow morning.” John said and put his fingers against his lips like Sherlock always did. The tip of his fingers covered the inner part of his eyes and the tears that were starting to collect there. Sherlock knew that John did that on purpose. He always did that when he didn't want anyone to see his tears.
John felt more tears well up in his eyes. He always knew Sherlock loved him, even though he had never said the words. This was about how much Sherlock NEEDED him. They embraced for a long time until Sherlock’s tears were spent. He still shook, so John led him to the couch. They both sat down, and Sherlock laid his head on John's shoulder. John laid his arm around his shoulders and held him against him. It was quiet, except for Sherlock’s soft breathing as he tried to return it to normal. Soon enough John turned to him and wiped his cheeks, before looking into his eyes. He was surprised to see all the raw emotion in Sherlock’s eyes.
”No.” He grunted, before squeezing his eyes shut. His body began to convulse, and tears streamed down his cheeks. He heard a distant call of his name, but it seemed so far away. John leaned over him, nausea filling him to the brim.
”Sherlock.” He said. He heard how his voice shook and took a deep breath. Sherlock hummed, not looking up from whatever he was doing. John swallowed hard. ”I got some..bad news.”
He could have screamed in joy when Sherlock gripped his hips again and started to pound into him, making John gasp in surprise. Then his prostate was hit, and John actually screamed out. Sherlock breathed heavily from behind him, and John knew he was failing to tease him. Sherlock was giving in now. But just as John had thought that a hard slap landed on his left ass cheek, and he groaned in pain. Yes, it hurt, but something about it added to his painfully hard cock. Something about being spanked turned him on.
”Yes,” Sherlock said in a dark voice, watching John almost fondly. If John didn't know better, he would think Sherlock was becoming soft. Maybe he was.
He saw John’s lips move into a tired, but genuine smile. He didn’t have the strength to respond, or even open his eyes, but Sherlock look the smile as a yes.
John just stared as Sherlock’s eyes suddenly went unfocused, and his clenched jaw relaxed. He heard the grounding sound of Sherlock’s hand hitting the ground, as if slow motion, and the hand he held went limp. Sherlock’s head tilted to the side as a final breath escaped his mouth. John shook his head, tears now streaming down his face.
”Obviously, I saw you,” Sherlock said in his deepest voice, taking John off guard. It sent tingles straight down to his groin. Slowly Sherlock bent down to grab the arm of the armchair to lean over John, who was now pressing himself back in the chair.
”I need to…say..something.” Sherlock breathed heavily and looked at John as the shock was starting to wear off, making the pain come back. John stared back, starting to feel a sudden light-headedness from lack of oxygen. He suddenly forgot how to breathe.
”No..No…” He pleaded and prepared to slap Sherlock’s cheek, when a hand firmly grabbed his neck. Sherlock’s eyes opened, and stared into John’s with such fire and passion. His last strength.
”You will see,” Sherlock said grinning as well, knowing John would not be able to keep quiet. John groaned, getting it too.
Sherlock watched him, before lunging himself at him and kissed him. It was a passionate kiss, both deep and gentle at the same time. It was Sherlock desperately needing comfort, yet still, him being loving. John met it happily and raised a hand to Sherlock’s neck to hold him closer. Sherlock almost crawled into his lap, his hand on John’s thigh to hold himself up. John tugged him closer until Sherlock sat in his lap. He broke the kiss to look at Sherlock, breathless, before pressing their foreheads together. He pressed his eyes closed, the bare thought of leaving Sherlock making him sick. He felt a hand on his cheek, and a soft thumb stroking his skin gently. He looked up and met Sherlock’s gaze. His eyes were red and swollen, but his gaze soft, yet sad. John rose a hand to place on Sherlock’s cheek, before letting his thumb feel Sherlock’s plump lips.
”John?” He asked, his voice weak. He pressed his eyes shut, before looking up again. ”John?” His asked a bit louder, his voice steadier.
John swallowed hard and nodded. ”Yes.” He said and pushed them both up into a sitting position. They eyed each other as they took their shirts off, and then their pants. Now in only their boxers, they snuggled into the bed again, Sherlock using John’s chest as a pillow. He tangled his legs with John’s, loving the warmth coming from him.
He got no response except a small huff. Sherlock’s pulse was beating visibly on the side of his neck, while John’s was weak.
John hummed, but before Sherlock could leave he grabbed his wrist. Sherlock looked back, clueless to what John wanted. With a sigh and a look, John pulled, until Sherlock got what he wanted and leaned down for another kiss before he went to the kitchen. John watched Sherlock’s naked butt all the way to the kitchen, and while he was making their tea. How he had been so lucky to meet this man was beyond him.
At the thought of it, Sherlock’s hand went to the back of John’s shoulder, light fingers tracing the scar. John felt it, and a soft smile touched his lips. He pressed his hand to Sherlock’s side, his other to his jaw. He loved the way Sherlock touched his scar. It felt healing, in some way.
”I’ve been called back...Sherlock.” John said slowly, not wanting to shock him. ”I must leave first thing tomorrow morning, my troop…”
Sherlock continued to stare at John, as if it were the last time. Taking in his facial features, his hair, his eyes. Which were now filled with tears, he realised. It took enormous effort, but Sherlock managed to raise his hand to tenderly wipe the tear from John’s cheek, before it fell to the ground limply.
”Is this okay?” He asked, even if they had already been through this. The last time this happened John had taken Sherlock’s virginity, and it was a big deal for them both. Or at least his hand job virginity. They hadn't even discussed penetrative sex yet. John knew they both thought about it, but no one felt the need to bring it up, and that felt more than okay.
”Yes,” John said simply, and Sherlock lowered his head even more. He had spent his tears, and his sadness soon turned to anger. He clutched the cup tightly as he pursed his lips. With a surprising grace, he stood up and flung his teacup across the room, making it shatter against the wall.
”John!” He heard a familiar voice, and soon footsteps coming closer. A warm hand landed on his shoulder, bringing him out of his little bubble. Lestrade looked down at him, eyes wide and concerned, tears in them. ”Come on mate.” He said after swallowing hard.
John quietly rose from the chair and went to his room. Sherlock heard the footsteps on the stairs grew quieter until he heard John’s bedroom door close. How could he show John he cared? How could he show John that despite everything bad he always did, he was good? He had feelings, even if he had a hard time showing them. While biting his lip Sherlock rose from the chair, abandoning his experiment on the table. He needed to show John he cared, and that he was upset. The way his heartbeat sped up must mean something. And the way he felt like it was hard to breathe.
John loved seeing Sherlock like that, and he knew he was the only one who had, and hopefully ever would. Sherlock was always too proud, and cocky. Seeing him this vulnerable, and almost begging for mercy, was exciting. To say the least.
Sherlock broke the kiss, and John opened his eyes to look at him. The light from the TV highlighted his cheekbones from the side, casting a slight glow to his eyes. His lips were highlighted as well, looking very welcoming to kiss again. No words were spoken as they both leaned in again, Sherlock’s hand moving from his thigh to his neck. Breaking the kiss, they looked at each other and smiled softly.
”Yes, yes!” He moaned into the couch. The sound of flesh hitting flesh could be heard from anyone down the stairs, along with some harsh breathing. Then Sherlock just stopped, and John almost started to cry.
”I’m glad,” John said, voice low. He was feeling content, and very tired. He could easily sleep here, in Sherlock’s lap, and he would if he didn't know how uncomfortable Sherlock would be.
”You want to..go further?” John asked, a bit breathless by the touches he was receiving. He looked down at Sherlock and rose a hand to push a curl from his eyes. John loved Sherlock’s hair after he had run his hands through it.  John’s body shaded Sherlock’s face from the light from the telly, but he could see him. Sherlock met his gaze with a soft grin, his eyes twinkling with some lust John had only seen once before when they made love for the first time.
”Stay with me Sherlock. Sherlock.” John repeated as Sherlock’s eyes began to close, and they opened again. They weren't as pained now, but wide and frightened.
His hand went along John’s neck, down his chest and slipped inside his boxers, making the other man smile wider. He leaned in and brushed his lips over Sherlock’s just when the other man began touching him. Their kiss was breathless, sloppy, but so perfect. They loved the way the other person’s lips felt, the ideal way their hands moved in sync.
”We were supposed to live this life. Go to sleep in the same bed, wake up next to each other. Maybe I would even propose one day, for your sake. I know you like that kind of stuff. We could get married, swear eternal love, maybe get a kid. We could do anything…” He trailed off, before letting out a sob. He rose a hand to wipe over his face, before putting it over his mouth again. John stared at the floor, eyes wide and filled with tears. He knew what Sherlock was thinking, and decided to stop it at once. ”Alright, stop it now. You will not wake up alone. Never Sherlock! You hear me?” He said sternly and pushed his locks from his forehead. ”Now go to bed, and I’ll be right there!”
John closed the laptop and folded his fingers, breathing deeply in through his nose. Okay, Sherlock thought, clearly upset.
Now Sherlock looked up and slowly looked over his shoulder. ”What’s wrong?” He asked, eyes wide and fearful. John met his gaze with the bravery of the soldier he was, before straightening his back. Sherlock watched him, realization slowly hitting him.
Slowly they moved closer until John ended up in Sherlock’s lap. He still held Sherlock’s face in his hands, kissing him hungrily, yet gently. John didn't want to scare Sherlock off by going too rough. The detective almost whined as he leaned his head back against the backrest of the couch, kissing John back sweetly. His hands moved to John’s back and slipped under his sweater. His warm hands roamed over John’s skin, making him shudder. Shyly Sherlock let his hands wander lower until they reached the elastic of John’s sweatpants. They lingered by it for a while, before pulling it down over John’s bum. John felt the air on his skin as it was exposed to the air in the room, and he broke the kiss to drew in a shaking breath. He let it out as a soft chuckle and nodded for Sherlock to continue. Sherlock smiled at him as he reached down and palmed his bum. Sherlock just held it, and John was torn around pressing against his crotch or his hands. He decided on the latter and pushed his bum back. Sherlock hummed and squeezed it gently, loving the sighs coming from John. He did well.
He felt Sherlock grip his hips and push in, and then he couldn’t keep it in anymore. He let out a deep moan as the tip of Sherlock’s cock slid inside of him.
”Are you okay?” Sherlock suddenly asked, breaking the silence. It was a stupid question, he knew that, but he needed to break the silence.
”You can’t. Not yet.” Sherlock said in a warning voice as he slid another finger in, making John groan quietly.
Holding up a cup he smiled gently, unsure what to do. John softly smiled back and moved aside to let Sherlock in. Okay, Sherlock thought, this was new. He had never been in John’s room before. Well, not when John was there.
”You ready?” Sherlock asked, his voice now warm and caring. John nodded and gave a soft groan before pushing back up against Sherlock’s cock, feeling it press against his entrance, but not enter. He wanted to cry now, and let out another groan. He wanted it now, fast and hard. And a proper handjob too. Although, in that case, he would finish in seconds. And Sherlock didn't want that.
Sherlock smiled. There wasn’t anything else to do. He just told John how he felt, and John did not hate him. Maybe because he was his lifeline now. He might despise him after a good nights rest in a warm bed. But this was now.
John’s hand stroked his skin as he slowly caressed Sherlock’s length inside his boxers, making sure to have a loose wrist. Sherlock bit his lip and leaned his head back against the backrest, eyes closed. John watched him, loving the way Sherlock reacted to his touches.
He could hear the sirens in the background, and gasped Sherlock’s hand again. ”See? They’re coming.” He said, voice light. ”You’ll be alright..”
He felt John shift his head with a great effort, before letting it fall back on Sherlock shoulder, this time facing his neck.
John then rose from the couch to walk through the dark apartment, leaving Sherlock on the sofa. Legs slack, and boxers filthy. When John returned, butt naked, he made Sherlock crawl out of his boxers. Once he did John cleaned him off, making sure to go gently. Once he was done, John went and threw the cloth away, before crawling back into Sherlock’s bare lap, a blanket thrown over his shoulders. He leaned his head under Sherlock’s jaw, loving the way Sherlock’s chest rose and fell under him. Their now soft lengths lay pressed together in between them, but no one cared. It was comfortable, and John loved the way Sherlock put his arms around his shoulders. Despite their lack of clothes, they felt very warm.
“You realize  you’ve just volunteered yourself,” Sherlock pointed out, interrupting  the glorious train wreck coalescing in John’s imagination.
Locked together as they were, Sherlock  couldn’t actually nod or shake his head, and John was probably squeezing  him too tight for speech to boot, but the detective shuddered and  sobbed and hugged him back, and that was good enough for the moment.
“One of these is only alcohol, and I managed to re-engineer most of the others to have very mild side effects, so mathematically speaking–”
(Why are there firearms in the furniture?!) Sherlock's heart rate ratchets up yet again as he wonders how he'd missed reasoning out their existence. How many other details has he missed in the past few weeks? Had he missed anything important in the past two years?
"That would be acceptable." He folds his hands sedately over the book corner that he's destroyed in his nervousness. Hide the evidence.
The few minutes turned  into rather a lot of minutes, as they let a heavy sort of silence creep  over them both, broken only by Sherlock’s hitching breaths and scattered  sniffles. They both held one empty glass each, and sat knee to knee on  the sofa, staring at nothing.
to keep this hushed up, John! The big com…corp…compilations will spend billions attempting to have us destroyed or…or…
“And he’s…nothing! No family connections worth mentioning, no real money, no high-placed career. But what a brain! He knows a little bit about everything and everything about most things, and nothing that I do or say or buy seems to impress the man. It feels like trying to entertain someone by doing a bit of magic, you know with a rabbit and top hat, only they know all of the tricks already and they’re even explaining what bits you’ve got wrong, or where your technique is shite.”
NB: Results still favorable if jam or marmalade eaten instead of honey. Jaffa Cakes, Jammie Dodgers, and other sandwich biscuits also acceptable, but only for closed-mouth kisses. Snowballing crumb paste is not sexy.
As if to further prove how perfectly suited to Sherlock he is, John's next order of business is to utterly ignore their guest in favor of placing a concerned, comforting hand upon Sherlock's shoulder.
"As long as we take care no one clocks us," Sherlock confirms, trying to keep his breathing under control. His heart rate is a lost cause. The new laboratory downstairs was enough of a lure in and of itself to fix his attention, and the first floor well-loved to the point that he hasn't been too tempted to escape it, but now that the offer of fresh air is on the table...well.
His favorite variation is when he's lying in bed, head pillowed on John's arm, with both hands wrapped around John's free hand while they trade kisses until one of them falls asleep.
John and Sherlock with the two men currently occupying 221B, but before it can perturb him, he realizes what John's said.
John is back in the UK and for the first time in decades, unemployed. By all rights he ought to be bored out of his skull. Instead, he feels rather like he's still on mission with Sherlock, only now it's on home soil.
Sherlock dismisses this with a fond scoff, doing nothing to stem the tide of heartfelt praise falling from his lips. John may as well enjoy it while it lasts; he cannot recall the last time he eulogized anyone in such a manner and it may never happen again. This is, in fact, a salient point. Sherlock is the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all-round obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. That John, the bravest and kindest and wisest human being he has ever had the good fortune of knowing, should not only stay long enough to be known, but also give Sherlock his loyalty and love...well. The languages that he knows are one and all too clumsy to properly express how he feels.
Sherlock hums absently, more occupied with the chef than the menu. Two years spent grieving and weeks with nothing to do but tend to one patient and
I'm deliberately treating John's staff - apart from Greg - like we're in a Jane Austen novel; they're there but not characters in their own right. When the main characters need them, they're suddenly there, and the implication is that they're always there and only mentioned when necessary, like furniture and the weather. It's a reflection of how John sees them (or rather, doesn't see them). Tom, Colin, and Dan get names because John is emotionally invested in them, but his personal chef is just "the kitchen".
DVD Commentary: Happy Monday, Readers! Here's where it all comes together~ Sherlock was sent to deal with Irene Adler by Mycroft, and as a show of good will, she left them information on Moriarty's web. The Holmes brothers had already been on the edges of it, but at this point they became much more involved. As John worked on maturing as a person, Sherlock worked on destroying Moriarty. Eventually Moriarty decided to destroy Sherlock, taking Mycroft, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson's lives as hostages. And so...Reichenbach Falls, as always.
It takes more effort and arguing than Greg's job description can be stretched to cover, but eventually John is coerced into joining the mud runs and obstacle courses that Greg and a few of his more masochistic mates sign up for every chance they get. Long hot hours spent sweating and swearing and insulting each other's efforts are the fastest way Greg knows how to make new friends, and he lubricates the meetings with a cool box full of beer.
. And he’s so piteously confused and tired and sad but also grateful and amazed and glad. He feels horrifically close to an unpardonable outburst of sentiment, except that he simply doesn’t have the energy to even get started.
Greg isn't always there, but he gets reports. He wonders if this is John's way of coping with the loss of something that remained undefined even before it was taken away. He wants to ask, but is kept so busy directing and expanding his team that there's no second opportunity to presume upon their tenuous friendship.
"Yes, well he hardly would have been able to build such a wide-reaching yet efficient management structure otherwise." A little footnote about the size and success of John's empire, and the bones buried under the verdant hills. There is a dash of irony in Mycroft's tone at the use of the word 'decent' to describe anything about Mister Watson.
There’s a quick flinch at John’s tone. Just as the blond is familiar with the varieties of his flatmate’s exclamations, Sherlock is the premier expert on all the ways John Watson can say a person’s name. It’s a matter of survival, really. And the one that’s been trotted out now is the low growl with a slight rise in inflection toward the end that makes it a question, except that it’s less a query and more of a “you understand that if you don’t give me what I want
"Whatever it is in that folder, I'm not interested," Sherlock declares, and settles into his chair with a crinkling package of chocolate biscuits held to his chest.
In one smooth move, Sherlock pushed John's jacket over the far side of the bed, - out of sight, out of mind; John was a bit like a budgerigar in that way - sat up, placed his hands primly in his lap, and inquired as to the success of the mission.
He suffers through some exercises John has prescribed in order to keep his limbs and ligaments limber, has a catheter he hadn't even realized was there removed, and dutifully memorizes the Manoski and Bristol rating scales to assist in charting his recovery. The patient's good behavior is rewarded by the attending physician with a cup of tea (which Sherlock suspects is decaffeinated but thoroughly enjoys all the same), a perfunctory trim with an electric shaver, a sponge bath which he would have rather skipped, and a dry shampoo and thorough brushing-out that more than makes up for the cool and clinical bath.
Delicious. Desirable. Like a caramel petit-four iced with cocaine fondant and served on a folder containing conclusive proof to back up Sherlock's theory that Jack the Ripper was a midwife, not a madman.
It sounded petty and pouty and like a resurgence of  their earlier argument, but John could see it for what it was now;  insecurities, not dulled by politeness but sharp and fresh, and jabbed  in John’s direction because Sherlock didn’t know how to handle his own  emotions.
When he wakes, it's not to the sound of something sizzling in a pan, but rather to a quiet, irregular clacking. Keeping himself still, Sherlock peels his eyes open and spots John sitting at the desk, one hand keeping his chin propped up and the other idly tapping a pen. He's frowning thoughtfully down at something, but from his slouch on the couch Sherlock can't tell what it is. After observing a bit longer without any developments, he hums and stretches as if he's just now waking up, and notes John's sudden startle and hasty shuffling of small pieces of paper. (Thick. Regular. Cardstock. Index cards?)
Sherlock suddenly becomes religious, as he feels what must be his soul attempting to ascend out of his body. As soon as he is recovered, he is going to build a shrine, no, a temple, and dedicate it to the worship of one John Hamish Watson.
John keeps the Hampstead Lane location as a combination storage unit, not-so-secret back-up bolthole, and a sort of exclusive club for Greg and the lads, with whom he re-integrates himself and eventually introduces Sherlock to. Colin, Tom, and Dan are all very sad for Greg that John has a new sugar baby who is pretty and posh and wears ridiculously fitted shirts. Sherlock preens under the combined attentions of five fit men, and refrains from deducing anything unpleasant about them.
"I  know you hate obvious answers, but sex tops the list, I have to say,"  John began, ticking items off on his fingers. "You said intimacy, so...I  guess either a nice, leisurely shag or a lazy morning after. Actually,  there's a lot to be said for just spending the night together,  especially on a cold, rainy night. A good snog on a comfortable couch."
soon proves a daunting task. And of course, irritably snapping at John to take his noisy thinking and breathing and
Sherlock is essentially recovered, but John's belongings do not migrate back to his house. Nor do John and Rosie. There are carefully nonchalant comments about getting out of Sherlock's hair, and after every sincere invitation for the Watsons to stay as long as they like, another bit of permanence makes it way to Baker Street.
John’s an utter arsehole of a boss. Inhumane. Inhuman. A monster. The devil himself. He knows it, and has heard it confirmed behind his back many a time. It’s not surprising, really. A miserable childhood of neglect and abuse battling to see which could do the most damage had been followed by a decade of high-pressure schooling and a soul-crushing introduction to corporate life. The only interruption to this ladder-climbing had been a short stint in the military where the last lingering bits of his idealism had been obliterated. By the time he’d clawed his way to the very pinnacle of his industry he’d had literal blood on his hands, a trail of metaphorical bodies behind him, and the only thing keeping him from stepping out one of the windows of his entire-top-floor office had been the sickening thought that his father would sneer at him from the pits of hell for giving up.
been eventful and exhausting but he'd also spent a good portion of it napping, so after creating a new wing in his Mind Palace and meticulously archiving every new memory, Sherlock only manages a brief nap before rousing once more.
)  and getting ready to catch in case a complete collapse was imminent.  They thankfully stayed upright and John - never the Idea Man in the  first place - fell back on awkward humor now that he found himself  knee-deep in unexpected emotion.
?" Sherlock demands, distracted away from his visions of oversized cakes by this notion. He fully understands now the sins he's committed against his small circle of friends, and honestly would not be surprised to find that he's earned himself a few slaps or punches, plus repeated "how could you's". He's even prepared to humbly suffer cold shoulders and temporary banishment from morgues and case files.
Sherlock composes in his Mind Palace, writes carefully, scribbles frantically, jots down words in a jumbled mess before picking up one and examining it critically, sweeps away discarded prose with an impatient wave, and throws insufficient phrases over his shoulder one after another. He hops out for a few minutes now and then, consulting John's precious notes or stopping to pen a sentence that has survived the editing process.
I cut out a scene where Sherlock puts a kilogram of uncut cocaine on his shopping list and John...gets it for him. Sherlock's staring at the brick like o_O DAFUQ.
He takes over the second bedroom so he's got a place to put his clothes and desk, but replaces the cramped bed with an indulgently squashy loveseat, cheap coffee table, and expensive flatscreen telly. They work and snog and eventually start shagging all over the flat, John spends every night in Sherlock's bed unless he's out chasing said madman all around London, and when he feels like he should call Dr. Hughes or simply needs a bit of quiet, he goes upstairs and locks the door.
Sherlock stares, almost boggles, at this infinitely patient and understanding and gentle John. This communicative John. This John who so easily clasps his forearms, leans in, and maintains eye contact from a scant foot away.
He hasn't been so long at home now as to have forgotten how to survive. As soon as he recognizes the state he's fallen into, Sherlock begins getting himself out of it. He breathes in, and makes himself hold it for a five-count. In that moment of suspended operations, he shakes himself, tightens his grip on the gun and reality, and reassesses. The safety is on. He thumbs it off and kneels in the corner as directed, surrounded by pipes and appliances, and out of view of both the rooftop garden and the staircase. He breathes out slowly over a four-count, and looks over to the living room.
They talk about everything they've been avoiding talking about, as if that one bout of tears had washed away all John's reticence. The two years away, and the night Sherlock returned. Moriarty and Mary and Magnussen. Geoffrey and Eurus.
"It's actually pretty believable," John says after a snort at the lemon-juice expression. He drops his gaze to the rumpled blanket and scratches at a stray bit of lint. "At least, everyone I told seemed to think so. It's been a rough couple of years, and...well, I had some thinking to do. Some time away was just what I needed, really. Only I'm wearing out the floorboards at home instead of mooning about Ben Nevis."
"Must you ruin the first perfectly interesting day I've had in weeks?" he demands, re-routing his steps to the kitchen to root around for something sugary. Sniping and snark have proven ineffective in driving Mycroft away, but perhaps dangling temptation in front of him will do the trick.
They're not quite young and limber enough for an extended cuddle on the floor, so after a few too many shifts and squirms, they relocate to the leather chair.
Wondering turns into gazing wonderingly. John looks away from his book or laptop or show a few times, giving Sherlock brief episodes of tachycardia with self-conscious but overwhelmingly fond smiles. Once he offers to skive off if his presence is impeding Sherlock's note-writing, but at the violent head-shake he receives, John's smile widens and he goes back to pecking away at his keyboard. Sherlock watches, and wonders, and lets the tightness in his chest grow until he feels like he has to let it out or burst, and then writes it down.
“And coffee with no drugs in it.” Sherlock hums happily and rocks them side to side in a blissful, blundering dance.
The last word cuts off in a strange way, and Sherlock glances down to find that it's because he's put his fingertips over John's mouth.
"Inviting someone on your payroll over for dinner and debriefing probably doesn't count either, Sir," he notes. And then, because sincere efforts by emotionally stunted men should be rewarded no matter how pitiful they are, Greg offers assistance and advice. Probably the real reason he was invited, now that he thinks about it. The executive has advisors and solicitors and subject matter experts galore, but no one he's really close to.
“Getting there,” he says, then frowns and admits, “I think. I hope. God this is miserable; not being sure.”
"I  trust you with my life, Sherlock,” he said, aiming for a mix of warmth  and solemnity. “And obviously I admire and like you. And I’m comfortable  enough with you to call you out when you’re being a manipulative prat.  So out with it, what are you after?”
, of course, that he is all these things. Because of course love is not the enemy of his cherished pure, cold reason when it is shared between the two of them, but a wonderful foil and counterpart.
He confronts Sherlock. Sherlock is defensive. It goes from well-meaning to just plain mean in about ten seconds.
"You're a little peaky," John notes, showing some unfortunately timed talent for observation. "Dunno if it's fatigue or nerves, but how about we have some dinner and watch a movie until you're ready to go back to bed, and then I'll read these while you're sleeping."
He wants to go down to his new laboratory. He wants to step into Speedy's and see how far Mr. Chatterjee's web of wedded lies has extended. He wants to see Molly again, hear her awkward questions and unasked for updates on her cat. He wants to eat lamb at Angelo's and shrimp at Claire's and those miniature banoffee pies at Russell's. He wants to drink coffee absolutely everywhere and then come back home for a cuppa. He wants to re-establish his homeless network, poke a stick at news networks, and drop by NSY to disrupt their so-called efforts.
“C-  ca- ca-” Sherlock was near to hyperventilating while shaking his head -  shaking from head to toe in fact - and John began inching toward panic  at this completely unexpected turn the conversation had taken.
He spends more days out of the office than in. He lingers, too, at his destinations, accepting dinner and drink invitations, spending nights at hotels instead of forcing every meeting into a single day so that he can get in and get out and get away. Sometimes he tells his current bodyguard to let a sultry, slinky stranger join him at a table, drape herself over him at a bar, even lure him into one of the private rooms of a club. Once in a while, he'll pick out and pick up a tall, slender man, and put up the privacy screen in the sedan after telling the driver to do a few rounds of the city.
John’s unwavering gaze, too, is only adding to the unreality of the situation. Sherlock can’t bring himself to meet those long looks head on just yet, too fearful to even glance much at John at all. Too afraid of what he might glean from the man’s hair and skin, shoulders and clothes and cuticles.
"Yeah? Do tell." John inches a bit closer, draping an arm heavily over Sherlock's waist. He's more awake, more interested, and waggling his eyebrows in an absolutely ridiculous, adorable display.
“All that come to mind easily,” Sherlock replied, languidly waving a hand as if to say that it mattered not in the end.
John asks Dr. Hughes for ten minutes of his time. After three minutes, Dr. Hughes pokes his head out and tells his administrative assistant to clear his afternoon.
John would like to not be so fucking miserable all the time. Three frustrating sessions with Dr. Hughes and one unexpectedly refreshing shouting match with his security director later, John is able to break the miserableness down into the following statements:
"I'll have the security team provide sufficient noise, then, for when you and Doctor Watson welcome Mrs. Hudson home," Mycroft concedes, a little stiff and snide, but thankfully allowing John's mini tirade to pass without further remark. "Perhaps some last minute accident and subsequent repairs, to cover for any screams or broken china."
in one way or another, to say nothing of what the drug trade will do. We’ll have solicitors howling for our blood and assassins…oh, probably also after our blood. John, did you know that an assassination has two asses in it?”
Sherlock wrinkles his nose, not quite reacquainted enough with his limbs yet to actually rub at his face. Ugh. He feels crusty. A turn into the pillow to snuffle while making vague grumbling noises yields better results, and then he sighs and wearily cracks open his eyes. Hm. Not in bed. Shouldn't he be in bed? He stares absently at John's inquisitive face until his brain finally comes back online.
"Well, we don't have to wait for the 25th, rather not in fact, but it's as good an excuse as any to gather people together," John notes, but this additional detail does nothing to soften the aggrieved air Mycroft is putting on. "It's the perfect time for mending bridges and all that. I'll pass around enough wine to make them a little more forgiving, or at least dull their reflexes enough that I'll be able to catch any fists thrown our way."
Doctor Watson estimates that another three or four months should do the trick. The world's only consulting detective wonders how much time will be required to heal the invisible injuries that they've both picked up.
"'S not like I'm handing you a great big basket of fish and chips. Calm down." John's tone is amused more than chiding, so Sherlock makes grabby hands at the plate coming his way and is rewarded with another huff of laughter.
and  so on, so this lack of reply was worrying. If Sherlock wasn’t angry and  prickly and pouting…what then? Was the pain of their disagreement too  deep for words? Had he not only gouged new wounds but also re-opened old  ones? Was Sherlock even now retreating into his old shell, ill-fitting  and ill-suited now but perhaps offering a cold comfort that seemed  better than the mix of friendship and enmity that John had on tap?
The house sells at far above the asking price, after two buyers get into a rather heated bidding war. John signs papers and shakes Dr. Verner's hand, and doesn't find out that he's just met Sherlock's third cousin until several years later.
He wiggles a bit, more to signify that he is cozy and content where he is than actually getting any additional settling-in done, and nabs a bit of John's clothing in a proprietary pinch. John drops a kiss into his hair and re-starts the movie that they're honestly still not going to watch.
"They're called referral fees, John, and are highly unethical. I'm recommending you to him because he's a good mix of father figure, drill sergeant, and priest, and I think you need all of those things. But feel free to come back to me if you decide that you're the only person who really matters, and all you want is to be kept just barely un-miserable enough to not drink yourself to death. That's
John waited out the scrutiny.  Three of the best and happiest months of his life now - despite  occasional blunt force trauma and one particularly harrowing gunshot  wound - and he was at ease by this time with all the bits of his heart  that he freely let flow from eyes and lips and fingertips. Let Sherlock  gather all the data he liked; John had nothing to hide. Even the little  lingering shard of doubt of how willing Sherlock might be to acknowledge  that they loved each other - the depth and mutuality of their affection  weren’t in question; only whether they’d eventually make it official  and let it permeate all facets of their life together - was easy to  leave out on display.
"Oh hush, I've seen those twinkles in boys' eyes before. Anyhoo, you've been told that you're too this or too that, and instead of taking a good long look at yourself you just storm out, and then come back pretending you never quarreled in the first place! You're too old for pulling pigtails and not having the maturity to even apologize, much less admit you were wrong, John Watson. Sad thing is you probably don't even see how they're two completely different things. Really, it's embarrassing, is what it is, and if a man doesn't like hearing such things about himself, then he'd better make an honest effort to grow up as fine on the inside as he has done on the outside, hadn't he?"
But in this AU, John is the one left off of Moriarty's hit list as (incorrectly) unimportant, and is the one to secretly back the detective up.
He holds tighter, grasps harder, and contented hums give way to predatory rumbles. If Sherlock manages to keep his eyes open, he gets to see John's pupils blow wide and his face flush rosy red.
John's smile is no mere wisp this time; it blooms bright and warm and takes over his entire face in a blink. He reaches up, clasps the back of Sherlock's neck, and leans in startlingly close and yet not close enough by far. The proximity makes observations a little more difficult but still, happiness is as obvious on his face as relief is in the droop of his shoulders and the gusty sigh that turns into a chuckle.
"Mm?" he queries, peering at John through his drooped-down lashes while slowly luxuriating in the fact that his food has
“What do you mean, what am I doing? I’m sleeping in your bed, obviously. How else am I supposed to be little spooned?”
The grin is smacked right off by this instantly sobering opening, and replaced by an equally unnoticed look of slack-jawed wonder.
Sturdy, soaked-in happiness will only come with time and repetition, he supposes. Right now his brain is reeling at the surprise of a loading dose, and will need to adjust to being loved. Later, he will become accustomed to the increased dosages of dopamine, oxytocin, and serotonin, and he will be able to be calm even when it hits him that he, W. Sherlock S. Holmes, is loved and desired by none other than John H. Watson. Kisses may even become habit; not to be pondered and plotted but simply included in the daily routine.
John nods, and Sherlock is hard pressed to read much from his expression. Not that he's trying; John would know if he slipped into deduction mode, and though he hasn't tested the theory as of yet he's certain it would make John angry.
"That's not..." John begins, then seems to falter into a confused silence as well. "I just meant, well, how do you feel? Asking as your friend, not your doctor."
"I'm so glad you've come back," John repeats, rusty and snuffling and wearing a heartbreaking smile. "I want you to know that you are my best friend, the best person I know, that you have the greatest heart and the most brilliant mind, and that I love you."
John is knelt in the living room, lacing up his boots, and Sherlock gets in the way by fussily arranging his blue scarf around the man's neck. John returns the favor with the grey scarf that had been dropped carelessly to the floor.
somewhere where he won't be so in the way is equally outside the realm of possibility. Sherlock wonders at himself for ever treating his friend and his partner and his blogger and his doctor and his very own Captain John Hamish Watson, MD so contemptuously.
"Sorry," Sherlock offers, but John interrupts with a shush and some reinforcing cuddling. He props his head up a bit with the hand he doesn't have firmly wrapped around Sherlock's torso. No one has any right to look attractive from this angle, with extra chins and a bit of sleep crusted in the corner of their left eye, but Sherlock is near to overwhelmed by how lovely every tiny detail of the man is.
"He's in MI6," he adds with some pride, and then smirks at John's expression. "Did you really think it was my influence alone that allowed me to accomplish so much on Sherlock's behalf?"
"I need a social circle," John eventually answers, in the tone of a soldier condemned to latrine duty for the next sixty days straight. "A real one. Business dinners and bribe vacations don't count."
He's seen his boss physically exhausted many a time, but it's usually due to demanding travel schedules where John will sleep on the plane and shower at the airport's red carpet club, hitting six different countries in ten days and never actually checking into a hotel. Even the hours the man spends in the gym don't seem to give him much of an endorphin boost; John exercises as if he's punishing himself, or like it's just another meeting he has to get through.
"Oh, I remember!" Sherlock exclaims, and John laughs at this forgetfulness, not realizing his own power when it comes to derailing mental trains. "I had a thought, and I wanted to get your opinion on it."
is likely sketched out on the notecards. He's suddenly both impatient and reluctant to get acquainted with the contents.
He'd left once, because he'd wanted to keep John alive. And as terrible as it had been, Sherlock suddenly thinks to himself that he'll gladly throw himself back into the fray this very instant if it means being able to keep John happy, just like this.
As he recovers his strength, he also rebuilds his endurance. On yoga days, he tends to fall asleep so quickly that he doesn't even notice John climbing into bed, and is only reassured of John having stayed when he wakes to the sound of his snores. But one day, despite being kneaded into marshmallowy pliancy after a particularly grueling session of virabhadrasanas and trikonasanas, Sherlock manages to stay awake while listening to John complete his own nighttime routine.
Sherlock glances back and forth between the laboratory supplies and the bedroom supplies. It would make the most sense that these two varieties of items are not connected to each other, but John's phrasing had indicated otherwise. Sherlock attempts to connect the dots.
He seems to have stumbled across a signal of some sort, like spouting gibberish but accidentally speaking a word or two in an unfamiliar language. John...does something. Presses in harder, draws him in closer, moves his mouth in a way that reminds Sherlock of biting but without any teeth, of clawing but only with fingerpads. Of devouring.
Just as he automatically begins to hum and nod an affirmative, it hits him that after Step One: Write on Notecards comes Step Two: Read Notecards Aloud to John. He turns the mm-hm into an nuh-uh halfway through and winces as it comes out in an unintelligible squeak.
consider you for his hit list," Sherlock mumbles, pronunciation ruined by greedy bites of hamburger. They are hidden away in John's penthouse suite, curtains shut against the Hong Kong skyline and his security detail banished to an adjoining room with orders not to disturb him until 6:00am on pain of immediate defenestration. He's ordered a midnight snack brought up and now the door is locked, the peephole taped over, and Sherlock has snuck in by methods he will not reveal even to John.
DVD Commentary: 95% of the editing is done, so the remaining chapters will probably be able to be posted quickly, yay!
"John?" His voice comes out high and reedy, and he clears his throat before trying again. "Why are you worried about the possibility of pregnancy?"
"It's best not to brush curls. It make them all...well," Sherlock waves a hand at the frizzy pompom that his head has become. "Pat and scrunch with a towel, not scrub, and then I usually finger-comb some product in and let them air dry."
Others are familiar and comforting to find again, like the satisfying crunch of autumn leaves after a wet spring and long summer. Jokes and praise and a perfectly fried egg.
Finally released from their house arrest, they'd indulged in fresh air and takeaway in an empty corner of Regent's Park, whispering in the shadows and scurrying from cover to cover in an exaggerated game of hide and seek whenever someone began to wander too close. They'd tossed their empty containers in a convenient skip down a random alley and then had a delicious snog against a brick wall for afters. And then they'd walked home, bounded upstairs giggling, and stared at each other in the living room...had stared and stared and stared, breathing hard and smiling uncontrollably, until something inside Sherlock had snapped and sent him crashing into John's arms, kissing the man like he'd never get another chance.
He opens the next few boxes with a sort of blank determination, only taking just enough time to catalogue the contents before moving on.
“Sherlock  you’re worrying me. Not that you don’t deserve to get yours back but  please just let me know you’re all right in there? I’ll take whatever  else you want to dish out; I deserve a good tongue-lashing and you’re  more than capable of delivering, God knows.”
"No. Not at all. Completely wrong," John says quite firmly, a frown now creasing his brow. Sherlock is relieved, but...
(And perhaps, partly because he doesn't want to stumble into how John makes and receives no calls, and doesn't text often enough or with much fondness of expression. His emails, too, are numerous but short. In enough love to propose, but not to keep in touch? Or secure enough not to need to? Does Mycroft screen all his communications? John would not want to woo a woman with big brother watching. Or has she been entrusted with this secret and commissioned to help him keep up his cover story? Is she off in Scotland alone, snapping photos and sending back postcards to their mutual acquaintance? Is she dreaming of coming back on her honeymoon, to walk the shores while holding John's hand?)
“I'll  just take that as a ‘no’, shall I?” the detective sniffed, turning back  to his phone with an offended air, though apparently unwilling to put  in the effort of actually flouncing away in a snit.
"I missed you too." He looked up, glanced away, then re-settled his gaze upon Sherlock's; nervous, determined. "How would it be if I got changed while you made tea, and then we had a little cuddle on the sofa while I told you all about Count Sylvius?"
Trying to control and compartmentalize his thoughts keeps him too busy for proper strops, in any case. Like some nightmares tend to do, the mental images of John in peril dig claws into him, and will not be easily brushed aside.
John flies to every country he can possibly have a professional interest in and works as hard as he ever has, only dragging himself back to his hotel when it's so late that no further business can reasonably be conducted. He lets his bodyguard clear the room and then orders them out, orders a meal up, and takes a shower. When he comes out of the bathroom, sometimes Sherlock is there.
Congratulations on a job well done! At first, I was completely convinced of your sincerity. It wasn't until the firewall incident that I began to have any real suspicions, but soon after that, I began to think.
John scowls, but Greg just smiles pleasantly at his employer and waits. John Watson may be a hot-tempered, hard-hearted man who'd fire his own mother as easily as others would step on an ant, but he's also pragmatic and (mostly) runs his company as a meritocracy. Greg knows that as long as he's the best at what he does, he's in no danger of losing his job. As for the man's temper, Greg's been insulted by the best and threatened by the worst. John's short fuse and sudden snarls are nothing the former detective inspector can't handle.
He might actually be gearing up toward huffiness over this thought. He'd just performed a thoracotomy on himself, reached in, tugged out his heart, and given it over to the most important person in all his life, and John is thinking about
"Don't think so, no." John's expression gets a little far away as he thinks back over details, and Sherlock lets his gaze linger lovingly, re-mapping those familiar-yet-not features, adjusting lines and adding grey hairs to his mental archive, regretting the traces of stress and sorrow but oh so grateful that they're there to provide evidence of John's survival.
Sherlock’s eyes were wider, catching more  glints and sparks, and the shadows folded into his shirt shifted  uneasily with his quickening breaths. He took another step forward,  looming now.
Anyway...his John. His smiling, happy, rumpled John, who is now rolling off his back and onto his side so that he can tap playfully at Sherlock's nose.
J: Wild. This guy was sending away hair he stole from women and having this company make gemstones out of them?
"Listen, I think. It'll be a bit awkward, me just sitting here reading aloud, but I feel like this is something I need to say, and to your face. Acknowledging it all, I guess. Just giving them to you to read feels...dunno, like cheating, somehow."
“That’s where you told me you were going. Did you lie?” Sherlock asked, turning a wide-eyed look on his flatmate. “You’re getting much better at that, if so.”
Once he'd grabbed a fistful of collar but it had triggered a fight reflex in John, and Sherlock had been forcibly reminded that he was dealing with a military man not yet out of his prime.
"Just because someone hands you a contract doesn't mean you have to read it, much less sign it and abide by it. When your brain hands you an unhealthy thought, you can always tell it to shut up."
His  foray into pet names was received positively. A simple man, John stuck  with “sweetheart” and “love” for the most part, reserving things like  “pumpkin seed honey muffin” and “mister sweetie cheeks” for when he  wanted to tease Sherlock out of a strop. These verbal intimacies spread  like weeds into other parts of his speech, and soon he wasn’t just  complimenting the detective’s deductive brilliance at crime scenes, but  also showering praise upon him at home on topics such as his grace and  musical talent.
best friend anyone could ever ask for. You’re not just good at sussing  out the motivations of criminals; you’re amazing at looking into  people’s hurts and vulnerabilities and really empathizing with them. And  even if sometimes the things you say aren’t taken well, it’s just your  own brand of honesty and
“What a day…” he muttered, and fell back into the couch  cushions with one arm thrown across his eyes. “I want…oh hell, what I  honestly, truly want is to eat disgustingly greasy noodles with scalding  hot tea, and then to be cuddled and petted while I stare at some  uninteresting documentary or nature program on the telly and try to I  forget for a few hours that I can’t save everyone who walks into my exam  room.”
“Right, you’ve got your Work to keep you happy.” John nods along in Sherlock’s right armpit. It tickles a bit.
When they break apart, sidelong glances show them Mycroft eyeing the eclectic collection of bedroom and laboratory supplies still scattered about. John's embarassed throat-clearing restarts the conversation easily enough, however, and soon Sherlock is signing a more prosaic stack of paperwork, attesting that he the undersigned duly acknowledges that he is, in point of fact, not dead.
Some things are the same. They share food and drink, have spirited discussions and heated arguments, chase down clues and criminals, and generally have a marvelous time getting into all sorts of trouble.
"Eighty-seven," Sherlock says, glad of the dim lighting that helps hide his blush as he voices some rather intimate wishes. Though with John now pressed so close, it's probably no secret that he's gone all flushed and feverish. "I'd wanted to know if you'd be amenable to showing me how to pleasure you with my mouth, by demonstrating on me. And ninety-seven was 'press me up against one of the walls in our flat and snog me senseless'."
Sherlock finds himself alone on the couch, and before he can register the sudden loss of body heat in goosebumps along his form, he's scrambling up as well. He'd heard commands - had heard the
“Yep. That’s just when I’m worried you’ll get hurt or something. Mostly you just make me happy. And tea. You make me tea.”
John finds himself adopted as well one day, when Sherlock forgets that he's expecting company in the twenty minutes between John's text and arrival, and disappears without leaving any note or message. Mrs. Hudson tuts over her tenant's ridiculous ways, herds John into her flat for a cuppa, and then fusses over him until he gets fed up with the (s)mothering - and Sherlock's forgetting all about him - and departs.
(Who's coming?) He can't hear anything over the blood rushing in his ears, can't see anything past a sudden case of micropsia as panic digs its claws deeper into him. Stupid,
High on adrenaline and London air, wracked with fever and stress, Sherlock doesn't even recognize how irrational his thoughts have become, how unsteady his steps. He weaves through the kitchen, nearly falls through the double doors, on auto-pilot, lured by siren song, pulled inexorably toward John.
John returns with two mugs, one of which Sherlock eagerly takes. He's not yet so recovered nor grown enough accustomed to being back in the UK to be blasé about a proper cup of English Breakfast, not to mention the added luxury of being able to close his eyes and focus on the scent and warmth.
There is an exaggerated eye roll and sigh from across the table at the valuable minutes being wasted on this impromptu food fight strategy session, but Sherlock recognizes it for what it is; Mycroft's best efforts at contributing to the fun.
Sherlock somehow survived the unbearable intimacy of tying John's tie while the man himself stared fondly up at him, chin lifted as if for a kiss. Then, the coup de grâce; John departed. To add insult to mortal injury, he did so with an extra spring in his step, Sherlock's unfiltered compliment having buoyed up his confidence and raised his spirits.
There's a metal and plastic chair in the tub being rained on by the shower head, and a little space heater in the far corner making the steamy room even stuffier. He knows he'll be glad of the warmth as soon as he's wet, however, and appreciates the setup.
. And there you were, swishing around London with those curls and ridiculous legs and bespoke suits and I felt sometimes like I was barely holding my own, just tagging along after you, cleaning up and looking out. And it only got worse, really. People'd look at you and then they'd look
Sherlock  stood stock still for a bit, shifted slightly, cleared his throat. And  then he wriggled one arm behind John’s back to grab a handful of jumper  and turned slightly to drop a kiss to John’s hair.
It's a once in a lifetime opportunity, to closely study the effects he has on another's blooming. He takes meticulous notes whenever a new bud appears, or petals open or close. He hasn't seen any of the blossoms actually drop, hasn't even noticed any of them gone missing after a shower or sleep or day spent apart. He gives each stem an alphanumeric designation, and refuses to think of it as "naming them".
Sherlock’s still too stiff for his jaw to drop, but he does manage to throw his eyebrows ceiling-ward. He wonders if there's any footage that Mycroft hasn't had destroyed.
He sighs and looks up to find John watching him, an empty plate of his own on his lap and a contemplative look on his face. Sherlock blinks at realizing that he'd been so absorbed in his meal that he'd missed the opportunity to watch John tuck into his own fare. Another reminder of how much ground he's lost.
Mrs. Hudson cooks and cleans and tuts at him and John in equal measure. Hopkins and Lestrade stop by with takeaway and case files. Molly brings pastries and - now that John has taken up temporary residence once more - helps mind Rosie instead of Sherlock.
John  stared, not quite sure if the wedding was still the topic at hand.  Surely being asked to be the best man for a wedding couldn’t be  connected to this reaction no matter how many dots there were in  between.
2. John has unresolved issues that he wants to work through so that he can be the one in control of his happiness, instead of letting his expectations of other people affect him so strongly.
John stutters to a halt, lifts his head out of his hand to look at the armful of Sherlock he's got now, knelt between his legs and collapsed into his lap and muttering something into the folds of his jumper.
Years upon years of repressed emotion break free in a violent, unplanned and uncoordinated rush, and he might as well attempt to dam up the Thames with a spoon as stop the tears from flowing. As long as he'd been alone and beset on all sides with danger both real and theoretical, there'd been plenty of motivation to keep himself walled up and hidden away. It had been logical and even natural to act like the sociopath he'd billed himself as once upon a time. But now, back home at Baker Street, surrounded with dearly missed comforts, cared for and tended to and fed, this last act of kindness from the one person he'd missed most obliterates all of his defenses.
They talk (read: complain with varying degrees of affection) about Sherlock, of course, until one day they're suddenly talking about John.
DGSI = Direction générale de la sécurité intérieure. It is France's equivalent to the UK's MI5, or the US's FBI.
A shiver pours down the entire surface of his epidermis, beginning with the crown of his head and ending with a spasm of his toes.
This new thought knocks him down another mental path, and he blinks and wonders wide-eyed what it will be like to be comfortable with John in a romantic partnership and not just a flatshare and friendship. The prospect of all the firsts they have yet to experience is a separate topic entirely. What he's suddenly struck with is the question of whether John is the sort of partner who will nonchalantly burst in to use the loo even if Sherlock is showering.
"At death's door with a fever of nearly 40 degrees, and you still didn't miss a thing, did you," John murmurs, and while he doesn't tack on a "fantastic", Sherlock does get to bask for a second in a wondering smile.
and he can see the picture they make. John wavering in the doorway and Sherlock poised and ready on the sofa, watching, anticipating, yearning.
Hopefully the symbol shows up properly, however you're viewing this story, but just in case it doesn't, the last line of the inscription on Sherlock's new phone case is an "x" and an eternity symbol.
“I  wouldn’t have done it for anything less important than the Work, true.  It was distasteful in the extreme, each and every time,” Sherlock noted,  wrinkling his nose as if at some loathsome odor. “But then again, I was  pairing myself up with persons for whom I had absolutely no regard or  respect.”
,  John. Best friend, only flatmate. But you’re always on the lookout for  someone else. You most certainly find me deficient or insufficient in  some aspects.”
He gazes in stupefaction at having written the words down. At having the occasion to do so. The temerity. The hope. And then he frowns because the phrase is so pitiful, so worn out compared to what it's meant to convey. He gnaws at his bottom lip a while, and then expands on his opening sentence.
The memory of that night at The Landmark is as clear as it can be given the state he'd been in at the time, but the blonde in the lavender gown is a simple data point now, of some curiosity but little weight. The only importance it carries is all tied up in the fact that it forms part of John's life, his experiences and memories and past, and Sherlock will never not be greedy for knowledge on that subject.
John  held his breath and waited, then had to empty his lungs in a big gust  and resume breathing. He watched Sherlock’s expression crinkle and  crumple and fold in on itself like Sherlock was attempting to implode  and disappear like a dying star, and decided to clarify and hopefully help things along a bit.
John gives him another one of those nudge-kisses and then retreats just far enough to ask what has to be the world's most superfluous question.
"Surely you can understand our reasoning, Doctor Watson. Revealing the fact that you were sheltering with him at Baker Street during his recovery establishes a precedent that may prove dangerous should Sherlock ever--"
"Well, you said she was smart," Sherlock points out. "Only an absolute imbecile would give you up without a fight." But John doesn't chuckle; only shakes his head and sighs into Sherlock's infraclavicular fossa.
otherwise. I’m such a…I don’t have a word  vile enough for the shitty sort of friend I’ve been to you and I am so  very sorry Sherlock.
Their hands untangle and John covers his forehead like he's checking himself for a fever, scrubs at his brow like wants to massage away an incipient headache.
DVD Commentary: The psychologist's first name is a nod to Ella, John's therapist in BBC's "Sherlock". Her last name is a nod to Faye Dunaway, the actress who played the psychologist in the 1999 remake of "The Thomas Crown Affair". The "man who really doesn't want to be there and refuses to reveal anything helpful" and "therapist who knows exactly the sort of douchecanoe he is and doesn't bother wasting her time trying to help someone who doesn't want to change" dynamic between Pierce Brosnan and Faye Dunaway was my inspiration for this chapter.
“We’re discussing romance, and quite frankly this conversation’s a bit funny, so...yeah, I think I must.”
Making a mental list of all the things he could do with said phone distracted Sherlock enough that he stayed quietly downstairs instead of shouting snidely delivered portents through John's door of how the evening could and likely would go wrong, proving that once again Sherlock was right and John should just stay home.
"Sorry Sir. At last check-in, he was reported to be - and I quote - 'geeking out over the skeletons in the catacombs.' The report is that it's just a personal field trip and not related to the case he's been working on, which okay, I can see it. But I've got a feeling it's something more, so I'm pestering Holmes the elder for details. If I disappear, please let my kids know I love them."
I am so sorry for shouting at you, and accusing you of not caring. You care so much. Almost too much. I am honored, and unworthy, of being one of the people you care for so wholeheartedly.
And  on a less altruistic note, there was a goodly bit of his brain that was  jumping up and down and hollering gleefully at an opportunity to share  in
He got Sherlock to sit, and then forced him to  drink two glasses of water; partly to occupy his esophagus with something other than sobs and gasps, and half to give  himself a few minutes in which to process.
Now though, he looks contentedly tired, and grins after bitching about the ache in his thighs whenever he decides to get up for another beer. Greg rewards himself by munching his way through an enormous bacon and garlic aioli butty piled high with straw potatoes and pickled onions, and washing it down with criminally expensive whiskey.
Choosing to address the only response that had been both a complete sentence and not a question in turn, Sherlock shot up, clapped his hands together, then attempted to swish his way past John and escape downstairs.
After that, it's an increasingly drunken competition to see who can declare the most devotion to John before the night is over.
Partner? Also technically true, but it was so even Before. There needs to be a better word for it, for him, for them; one that encompasses not just the work they do together, but everything else.
John's voice, grown increasingly wobbly, breaks entirely here. Sherlock is reaching for him - trembling, breathless, on the verge of weeping himself - before he even realizes that he's moved, but is waved off with the last notecard.
"Thank you for the wonderful meal." It's delivered with heartfelt sincerity. Absence makes the stomach as well as the heart grow fonder. After a moment's consideration, Sherlock expands on his expression of gratitude.
"A pleasure to see you again as well, Sherlock," Mycroft lies, sipping at the tea which Mrs. Hudson no doubt provided him with. Traitorous woman! An innocuous-looking folder lies on the coffee table, likely concealing details of some delicate situation the government wishes to have handled with more than the usual amount of discretion.
"Um," John replied, remaining frozen in the doorway for a moment more before giving himself a shake. "Yeah, went fine. Got the photos and intel Mycroft wante-- no, hang on, why are you in my b--
“Your wounds are granulating well and you’ve been fever free for three days straight, so I brought you out of sedation,” John continues, and then grabs Sherlock’s chin, gently but firmly. Even as he focuses in on those long-lost, well-loved eyes, Sherlock suddenly notices the smooth, steady stream of words and realizes that John’s been practicing this speech for days and days, probably as he sat by Sherlock’s bed and waited and watched and wondered.
He accepts it like he accepts that he can only have clear liquids, mashed fruits, and overcooked rice right now; it is a temporary condition brought on by his poor health. As John said, "more" is for when he's stronger, both body and mind. It motivates him to be as ideal a patient as possible. When he starts to yearn for activity and input, he quells the urge to complain by imagining getting out of bed without wincing and twinging, showering and shaving and suiting up, and then going to Angelo's for carbonara and a glass of Picpoul de Pinet, with John smiling up at him along the way.
"Hold on, you can't just jump out of the bed and into the tub," John says firmly. He's smiling but still it's more a command than a teasing scold, and Sherlock settles, half chastened, half champing at the bit. "Let me get a few things ready, and then I'll come back and help you up."
“Could you tell Vanessa“ --there was the tiniest wobble in her voice now—“to cancel all my appointments, and be in here in precisely ten minutes?”
They decided on elbows and knees as being easiest for both of them, and John arranged himself over a mound of all the pillows on the bed—that way he could take Sherlock’s weight if need be.  He didn’t have a good way to get a hand on himself, but that was fine; he thought he was unlikely to climax anyway. “All right?” Sherlock asked, a bit breathlessly.
“I texted you because I thought there was a high likelihood of an issue you would wish to investigate, not to invite you to brunch,” Sherlock snapped, but he crossed to his chair and perched on the very edge of the seat. Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, slowly. His eyes narrowed at Sherlock and then, for no reason John could fathom, flicked to John. Sherlock inexplicably colored, then leaned ostentatiously back in his chair.
“I believe you have no further need of my services,” he said, “your secretary can post the check. Ladies, good afternoon,” he added to the stunned women still frozen over their petit fours, “Felons,” to the girls, and exited in a blaze of coat.
A few days later Sherlock drove back down into town to replenish his supplies. There was no composition paper to be found, but a woman in the shop said she could download some and make copies if he would give her an hour, so Sherlock went to a café and got coffee and cake. Then he settled in to check his phone, which he had charged the night before in anticipation of getting a signal again.
Sherlock’s phone beeped and he pulled it away to look at the screen: Molly. “Ah, there’s Molly now. I have to go,” he said, waited an extra second to see if Mycroft would say anything about going to the meeting tomorrow, and swiped over peevishly when Mycroft simply rang off.
would drive everyone else out of your head. But this is about the only part of you that seems safe to touch, so…” He kissed the palm of Sherlock’s hand, tenderly.
Sherlock grinned and slid back down, moving slowly and adjusting the angle until he was leaning over John’s chest, supporting his weight on his elbows. He knew John loved it when he came from his cock alone, though that was never going to work in this position, but it felt fantastic all the same. He bent lower to let his throbbing cock brush against John’s abdomen and let his hips rise and fall with tantalizing slowness, letting the pleasure build bit by bit, making it last as long as he could.
John sighed, took out the soap and sponge, and set to work. By the time he’d finished Sherlock’s soup had simmered down to where there was hardly any broth left at all and John thought he himself needed a drink. He carried out the nicely cleaned bowl and his own glass and found Sherlock half asleep on the sofa. “Sit up, I’ve got your food.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said, giving his hand a final squeeze. “Enjoy Toronto. I hear the winters are lovely. And I’ll be looking forward to that drink when you come back.”
Sherlock gulped some water and crumpled to his bed in exhaustion. “I might need a little rest,” he admitted. He was so knackered he let John tuck him up like a child, eyes already closing. John looked down at him with affection, then at the clock. If he hurried, he could catch Mike for a cup of tea.
He’d expected Sherlock to scoff, but Sherlock’s lashes fluttered before he tipped his chin and said, “I’ve agreed to this wager and I won’t back dow—
“I know…I guess he was really offended at not being believed from the beginning,” John said. “I supposed he must have given them information about the house?” He told Sherlock the rest of what had been said. Sherlock looked up suddenly, his face alive with a desperate hope.
Sherlock stared at the phone in his hand. He didn’t understand. He felt bewildered and panicked. “No,” he said finally in a very small voice.
“I swear, I don’t—“ He cried out even before the blow landed this time, his whole body spasming in anticipation of the agony that exploded in his arm. “Wait! I don’t know who it is, but I know something important, something secret! I will tell! Please!”
“Is it?” John looked down at the red brocade in mild surprise. “Huh. Suppose it is. It’s all right, isn’t it? I like this chair.”
“Moriarty’s acting as though Pitts has egg on his face, and he’s got everyone’s sympathy right now,” Watson agreed. “You’re right, he does have the upper hand.”
“I’m the same. My sister’s married, but her husband’s a drunkard, and can’t hold a steady place. Will your family visit?”
“Jesus, stop,” John gasped. He rolled all the way to his back, trying to breathe through his mouth, though he didn’t really think it would help. “Stop talking, now, or I’m either going to beat down the door or this is going to turn into a, a phone sex type situation and someone’s going to catch us.”
John sighed. He could not possibly tell Sholto about this, nor anyone else, not if he wanted to live. He just had to hope that Sherlock really was clever enough to come up with a plan that would get them both out of here. John curled his hand against his chest, remembering the tips of those long fingers against his. The softness of his skin when John touched his face. What would his hair feel like, tangled around John’s fingers? The skin of his back under John’s hands?
“It’s a poem, never mind.” John shifted into a more comfortable position on his side and pillowed his head on his arm. He closed his eyes again and pulled the phone closer. Maybe he could imagine he was there, with Sherlock. “What can you see out the windows?”
“How did you know though it was me, though?” Sherlock asked. He was genuinely curious. “I’m not known here.”
Mycroft was already perched at a table when John arrived at the pub, completely out of place in his three-piece suit and gazing meditatively at the food options as though hoping a
The coats were hardly thicker than the uniforms, and were the same dull blue, but at least they blocked the wind a bit when Alfred led them out into a cobbled courtyard. “This place is enormous,” John said, looking around with astonishment. “Is all that the school?”
“We couldn’t make heads or tails of it,” Lestrade said. “And then Sherlock worked out there was something in the air freshener thingy—“
“Oh my God.” John was glad he was already sitting down; he closed his eyes against the overwhelming rush of relief. “Owen, I can’t—“
And then John was there hugging him so tightly that Sherlock’s teeth clacked together. He tasted blood—he must have cut his lip, or bit his tongue, none of it mattered now. “You’re okay,” John was saying. “Jesus, you’re okay, you’re amazing, you—“
Sherlock knew it. Now that he was soaked to the skin he felt a bit better, and the rain would drown his scent, a little, but the atavistic need to get someplace safe and hidden was raging stronger than ever. He leapt down the ladder and crouched at the door of the hold, letting the rain batter at him, until he heard John’s voice on the deck: “All right?” Then he ducked inside.
“Sherlock.” John squeezed his eyes shut, as though even the sight of Sherlock would make him lose his nerve. “Mary and I were done. Or we would have been, if I’d gone. I didn’t see it until I had to make the choice. Yes, it broke my heart to lose my daughter. But I can live with a broken heart. I can’t live without you.”
“Do you--I mean--do you prefer it like this?” John blurted out. He had been wondering this for some time. “I mean, being a man?”
“Good. Now keep rubbing, it’s me grinding down on you, pushing you into the bed, and now I’m kissing your neck…you really like when I kiss your neck, don’t you.”
Sherlock opened his eyes slowly. He felt heavy and disoriented, the weight of the morphine trying to tug him back down. He had the strange sensation that he had been dreaming, dark unsettled dreams, but that didn’t make sense. He made his eyes focus on the shape sitting next to him and discovered it was Mycroft. Panic sliced up through the fog. “Where’s John?” He tried to sit up, but Mycroft pushed him gently back. Bloody
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “At Cambridge with you? Some peer? Really, Mycroft. Get out of the last century.”
“You’ll give him my love, and tell him I expect him back here next Christmas,” Mrs. Hudson said firmly. “Oh…” she looked at John sadly, and John knew she was feeling desperately sorry for him: family gone, best friend….well.  “I know the country air’s meant to be helping him, but it’s not right, him being away from Baker Street.”
“Pulling my hair,” Sherlock said with an air of ticking off a list. “Holding my wrists. Me kneeling at your feet--you don’t get off on coming on my face so much, that’s more my kink than yours, but what you really like is to tell me what to do.”
“All right. Let’s be off.” John opened his mouth, still looking worried, but Sherlock forestalled him by climbing up and settling himself into the compartment. He felt better immediately; it assuaged the primitive anxiety of exposure, and the metal was cool against his back. “The sooner we leave the better chance we have of reaching Mallaig before the fisherman’s gone to bed.”
Michael Christopher Phillip Bruce III was the bully at Eton who tormented Sherlock in "The Blue-Eyed Stranger"
“I suppose,” Jones said reluctantly. “Well, we’ve nothing on tomorrow but paperwork so I suppose you can be spared. No larking about now.”
but that wasn’t what had caught Sherlock’s attention. The man’s stare had. He was looking straight at Sherlock with the
Sherlock spent the rest of the weekend getting nowhere. It was maddening: if he could just get out there, disappear into the streets of London where he felt most alive, he
John stroked his hair back from his face again, feeling the soft silky strands slide through his fingers. Sherlock shifted onto his back, grimacing a little, and John smoothed his hair so that it spread around him on the pillow in a dark nimbus. Sherlock looked up at him, eyes soft and solemn, and John reached to brush his cheekbones with his fingertips.
“Positive for cocaine. Well, well, well.”  Sherlock had the ridiculous look he got on his face when he was torn between gloating over his own cleverness and berating everyone else for their idiocy.
Lestrade turned around his little desk calendar (Three Hundred and Sixty Five Beers in a Year!)(Christmas present. Donovan. Almost certainly) and tapped the date, which was February 14
John’s gut clenched again, but it only heighted his arousal. He hadn’t thought such a thing had any part in his fantasies back then—if that long-ago boy had proposed it, John would have run a mile—but if
“Yes. Well, she’s having her assistant do it. And she’s already got a call in to children’s services, since obviously the bit about the orphanage steps has to be verified. Ryan and Rodriguez are going to be talking with the families of the other victims, getting DNA evidence to match the bodies and expediting the release of the wrongfully convicted.” He swallowed a bit of his muffin top and looked at Roz. “They wanted to know if you were planning to meet with the Hernandezes.”
Mrs. Hudson certainly did not look like a spy. She was tiny and older than he had expected, with a mischievous twinkle in her faded eyes; she’d once lived on the wrong side of the law, but everything else he could deduce was all innocuous enough. “So you’re the ancillus! Lovely. Looks like we might need to fatten you up a bit, won’t we? Now, I’m told you’ve been spending your days doing embroidery.”
“Beautiful,” John whispered and then the hand that had been pinning Sherlock’s chest slid down and enveloped his cock, and suddenly it was too much, the rush of sensation and the loss of that grounding pressure tipping him from pleasure into panic. He could not breathe. Sherlock’s mind was suddenly, horribly clear, aware of being spread naked and helpless on the bed. His mouth opened in a soundless, desperate cry.
“I knew you’d got as far as Ireland, and I heard nothing after that, so I assumed you’d got out. I had rather a lot on my mind at the time as well, you understand. At the end of last summer, at a dinner party, my husband made a point of telling me that Mycroft Holmes’ little brother was to be in the first batch of covenanted ancillae. He and his guests rather enjoyed the irony, knowing Mycroft had essentially sacrificed everything to try to ensure your escape. Until that moment, I hadn’t realized how…jealous…my husband had been.”
“She drew pictures. Pictures where I’m dying, where I’m cut off from the rest of the family. She put them over my bed so I saw them when I woke.” Pictures in which Mycroft had been exaggeratedly, ridiculously fat, but that seemed impolite to mention.
John sighed and thumped himself back into the cooled bed. “I am never doing that again,” he told the swallow nested in the rafters. “And I miss the cat. She was better to talk to than you.”
Sherlock tried a smaller swallow this time, and it went down better. The alcohol set up a pleasant warmth in his body, spreading out from his stomach all the way into his hands and feet, and he began to relax. Rowan’s hand stayed on his back. It was nice, Sherlock thought hazily.
dropping everything to the bedside table and ripping open a packet of lube. Then he ripped open the rest of them, just so they’d be ready. We need to get a proper tube, he thought, a great whopping economy size--Sherlock gave up trying to tug John back and simply rolled on top of him.
John stood up abruptly and went to the window. Sherlock closed his good eye and bit his mangled lip. There was a hateful trembling in his stomach. John would leave now, John who had held his hand through the night, who had called him
It was better this time, maybe because he knew what to expect, and he knew to press back against the pressure. Rowan slid his slick fist over Sherlock’s cock with every push of his fingers and when he pressed against that vulnerable spot again Sherlock bucked and arched. He had long since let go of Rowan. Rowan slid his finger back and Sherlock pleaded, “More. Do it again.”
“Learned your lesson yet?” Moran asked. He pushed Sherlock’s legs apart. Sherlock felt the large hands on his thighs, heard the snick of the lubricant being opened. He tried to relax but he couldn’t bear this, it would kill him, he couldn’t—
“So more elegiac than celebratory then,” Sherlock muttered, adding some notes of his own in a quick slashing hand. “Grab that notebook there, would you? I’ve a whole list of questions for you.”
“Me? Yeah, but I just put stuff on there for my mum and my gran, mostly. None of my friends really use it.”
John’s ears were ringing. There never had been any ghost; it had been Garrison all along. Mary really was alive, Mycroft—the spike of relief that Mycroft had been telling him the truth all this time was so sweet it almost drowned out the anger.
Ordinarily Sherlock would have made any excuse to avoid such an outing—or refused outright—but the prospect of returning to his empty flat with no work to distract him was bleak enough that anything seemed preferable. The first two rounds went down quickly, and then they had some food, and by the time Lestrade retuned with their third pints Sherlock was feeling loose and relaxed in a way that he hadn’t in a very long time.
“Not tomorrow, but the housekeeper says his Lordship’s planning a great many guests over Christmas.” Mr. Gregson was already acquiring his harried expression. “So for tomorrow, the three of them, plus Lord Sherlock’s tutor--”
He saw no one. At the northeast wall he hesitated—he could climb the old wall easily, even in the dark, but he would have to slice the wire with his knife to get over and then they’d know where he’d fled, but searching for a door would take precious minutes. Stupid, stupid, he should have gone to a different wall and then doubled around on the outside. Sherlock ran along the wall, crouching low, sure any minute the floodlights would come back on, and then
John had the impression that Mr. Temple had given this speech many times in the past, and no longer particularly cared whether they got along well or not so long as they did not give him any trouble.
to hear you were alive. You surely don’t think you’re the only one with spies? But now you’ve rather served your purpose now, haven’t you, Sherlock? I rather think things will be simpler for me if you go back to being dead. “
“Many beta women would trade places with you in a heartbeat,” the Mother Superior said, eyes narrowing. “You’ve never been hungry, have you, Brother Benedict?”
He had him now, John knew. Sherlock would never be able to resist the opportunity both to show off and to correct someone this arrogant.
“Probably. Here.” Simon handed John the binoculars and he adjusted them, looking at the falcon’s long tapered wings, until suddenly it was gone. “Look, there, it’s diving!” John took the binoculars away and was just in time to see the falcon’s headlong dive toward the ground. He handed the binoculars back to Simon, who gave him a breathless commentary as he followed the hunter’s progress toward the side of the hill. “There’s the scrape, there, in the rocks. Here, I’ll give you the binoculars, and if you look just by that big outcrop there…”
Owen had certainly learned a lot about John in a very short time. Feeling genuinely curious now, John replied, “I’ll see you there.”
“With Tilly and me both. I pretended I didn’t know what he wanted and kept out of his way. Tilly told him to fu—she told him she would tell Mrs. Turner. He was having it off with one of the kitchen maids a while back but Cook got wind of it and sent her packing.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, shockingly dark in his pale face. “No, he said. “I want you to see me. I’m giving--I want you to see me when you take me.”
“I didn’t realize it was you until last night,” Trevor said and then to John, “The last time I saw Holmes he was still reading chemistry. I didn’t realize he’d made such a career switch.”
A.E. Housman  (1859-1936) was a poet whose life had some astonishing parallels with Sherlock Holmes’.  Housman saw himself foremost as a classical scholar rather than a poet, and was considered not only the leading classicist of his day but one of the greatest Latin scholars to have ever lived (an opinion he clearly shared).  Housman was famously dismissive of lesser minds in his field and is legendary for saying of his colleagues: "Knowledge is good, method is good, but one thing beyond all others is necessary; and that is to have a head, not a pumpkin, on your shoulders, and brains, not pudding, in your head."  He was equally tactful with his students, whose names he refused to remember (a colleague recalled him saying that "had he burdened his memory by the distinction between Miss Jones and Miss Robinson, he might have forgotten that between the second and fourth declension.")
“You’re absolutely correct. So sorry to take up your time,” Sherlock said brightly. “I’m fairly certain the activity that so concerned our client was no more ‘suspicious’ than an East End accent. We shall certainly be looking into those other areas you mentioned—thank you so much for your assistance. John?”
“But why those clothes? And why would he walk? And besides, there’s been no telegram brought to the house, has there?”
“I was, wasn’t I?” Sherlock said happily, throwing himself onto the bed beside John. "I'd love to be a detective someday, but I don't think 'police' is on the list of pursuits Father considers acceptable."
“I’m terribly sorry, sir,” John said, quailing under that cold gaze. “I think--I think the chimney caught fire, sir, and I threw the first thing to hand, but it was your, uh, brandy, sir, and it flared up worse.”
“All right,” Sherlock said. “You go home. We need to make sure one of us stays out of reach; if anything happens, get the papers to the opposition.” He looked at John, frowning.
Monday dragged: too many cigarettes, too much free time, too many thoughts he refused to think. The heaviness of despair began to pull at him. Sherlock had done fairly well through the weekend, eating toast and pot noodles and bananas—where had all the bananas come from? He hadn’t put them on the shopping list—but now food seemed too much bother even when Mrs. Hudson brought it, and the sour burning started up in his stomach again.
“John Watson,” John said, fighting the urge to salute and offering his hand. He got a warm smile of his own.
Sherlock knew she’d already done her shopping that morning, but a little while later he heard the sound of the front door closing. He sighed, stubbed out his cigarette, and got back to work.
“Well, I think so,” John said, feeling rather out of his depth. He glared at Sherlock, but Sherlock seemed more than happy for John to take over this new paranormal side of their business. “That’s what the name means, literally—‘noisy spirit’.”
Sherlock snuck a quick look over his shoulder. She was right: Guardians, carrying their heavy machine guns, had materialized at the exits.
Ryan had her flashlight out, but when Sherlock pushed the door open John saw a wash of multicolored light flickering over his face and shirt. He stepped inside and Roz and Ryan followed. John could hear a faint electronic tinkling, like a music box, playing a song too faint to make out. There was no other sound at all. John was on the verge of calling out to be sure they were all right when Roz emerged from the doorway, striding purposefully on her long legs over to the corridor where she leaned against the wall opposite John with her head down, fumbling in her bag for tissues.
Sherlock knew about Grindr. It had never occurred to him to try it, but what did he have to lose? It wasn’t as though anyone would recognize him out here. He downloaded the app and began setting up a profile.
The young lieutenant next to him sniffed. “An improvement if you ask me, now the rabble’s cleared out.”
“I told you before. I’m not leaving you.” John had rolled to his side so that Sherlock could see one calm eye through the crack under the door. “Where you go, I go. I’d ask you to bond…if it wouldn’t get me killed and if I thought you’d ever do it.”
John was so reasonable that Sherlock felt more aggravated than ever. “I hope you’ve left my room alone at least,” he said crossly. “You can’t complain
John cracked a bleary eye to see Sherlock pulling off the now-besmirched T-shirt and dressing gown. “Well, what did you think the captain was going to do? Just get you off and open some rum?”
“Promoted,” Mycroft said blandly. Sherlock reached out and yanked the door from the driver’s hand to slam it closed.
John finally got them all cleared out, with no help from Sherlock, of course. He came back in and switched off the lights, leaving the room lit only by the soft glow of the dying fire and the fairy lights on the mantel, and went to stand over Sherlock who was still lying on the floor.
“They do, but—oh.” John had dug his thumbs into Sherlock’s insteps and he went owl-eyed with surprise, his whole body tensing briefly before melting into the sofa.
Just as John suspected, Mr. Brocklehurst loomed up over Sherlock within seconds of his arrival at B dormitory’s table. John stifled a sigh. Sherlock was sitting meekly with his head down and his eyes lowered deferentially; he was doing everything as correctly as he knew how, yet even in his ragged uniform that was too big in the shoulders and too short in the cuffs he stood out in the hall like a swan in a henhouse.
“Perhaps. With the models I had in place, I would have had an ideal situation for testing it. Not likely I’ve enough lifetime for that now, though. You see, it wasn’t just the actual physical entropy that increased. What you might call the layman’s entropy increased also, starting from right about now. The amount of disorder and chaos reaches a sort of tipping point, and it seems that your mission is the catalyst. That’s why I had to stop you going. What you do there—it sets in place a sort of chain reaction, and things just…fall apart.” She looked at him sadly. “It hardly matters that the world is about to be swallowed by a black hole, because there’s very little left worth saving.”
“You’re going to work with the opposition?” John said frowning. “I didn't even realize there was one. You won’t tell--”
According to Oxford, Victoria Trevor had gone to the Royal Observatory, but Sherlock worked out in about five minutes that she was doing no such thing. Clearly that was a front, so it must be a front for something else on the government payroll. And Sherlock just happened to have a brother who had access to all sorts of such useful information. Coincidence? As Mycroft himself always said, the universe was rarely so lazy.
Trevor frowned. “Here? I don’t think it’s going to fit. The apparatus is constructed from a converted MRI scanner; it’s quite large.”
Since at least part of the reason he had texted Hobbes was to talk to someone, anyone, besides Mrs. Hudson—anyone who would not try to slip him drugs, at any rate, or—Sherlock acquiesced to this with minimal grumbling. Hobbes placed the bag carefully by the door and tucked the paper into her pocket. She looked less unkempt today, Sherlock thought, eyeing her narrowly: ah, the uniform. Hobbes’ uniform skirt had been too tight and too long, obviously bought secondhand off a taller, slimmer girl, but someone had hemmed the skirt and let it out a bit, so she looked almost smart.
John followed Sherlock into the tasteful-trendy coffee shop, where Sherlock ordered a double espresso for himself and a decaf for John, added an alarming amount of sugar to his, tipped extravagantly, and flashed what John recognized as one of Lestrade’s pilfered IDs. “I need to ask you a few questions,” he said sternly.
Moriarty noticed, of course, and something flared in his cold eyes. “Oh, I’m not going to hurt Johnny,” he said, smiling. “I’m going to do much worse. I’m going to turn him against you. I’m going to turn everyone against you. The great detective, the hero, the one everyone desires, everyone admires…you’re going to fall sooooooo far and so hard. People will spit on you in the street.”
Roz, standing at the one-way window next to him, seemed to be thinking the same thing. “I know they’re supposed to look just like everyone else,” she murmured, “but it seems as though he should be a bit mad about the eyes, at least.”
, it was going to happen, Callie was clenching her legs and John held the fantasy desperately in his mind, of pushing into that tightness instead of the loose slick of Callie’s thighs, hard hard hard, and then
yes,” Sherlock said, gathering them up. He was almost out, and Mrs. Hudson certainly wouldn’t buy him cigarettes. “Did he have any others?”
“Mmm. Of a sort.” Was he meant to respond in kind now? Surely it was not done to inquire into the recently disrupted state of someone’s marriage. What would consist of progress there anyway? Sherlock had no idea. He’d been so fiercely avoiding any thoughts of John that it only now occurred to him to wonder just what was happening in the Watson household. Was Sherlock even meant to know about that? Sherlock took another sip of tea and tried to think of something appropriate to say.
squirming, trying to bury his face, but John would have none of it. He was going to make Sherlock own his body, own his pleasure, before giving over control to John. “Shhhh,” he whispered. “Stay just like this, I want to see you, I want to
Sherlock swung his legs around and sat up as soon as he woke; if he didn’t, he knew from experience that the weight of despair would begin accumulating immediately like an extra blanket pressing him to the bed. He sat on the edge of the bed and listened. Nothing below; overhead came the sound of footsteps dragging in the attic bedrooms. The maids were up. Judging by the slowness of the steps, it would be a good fifteen minutes before they went downstairs.
“Well, that was the reason for my calls,” Mycroft said. “An interim decision has been reached. It has been determined that you are to confine yourself to the environs of 221 Baker Street until such time as this matter can be resolved. If you violate this arrangement, you will return to prison.”
Sherlock sagged with relief, some his tension already beginning to drain away, and turned immediately toward the bedroom. John got a drink of water from the kitchenette. God, he was tired, but he couldn’t deny that on some level he enjoyed this—Sherlock certainly didn’t listen to him much the rest of the time. He cleaned his teeth and went to the bed, where Sherlock had stripped off all of his clothing and was now hunched up and shivering in the over-air conditioned chill. John punched at the thermostat for at least the hundredth time and then crossed to his suitcase.
“Quite.” The old man ushered them in, closing the door and bolting it firmly behind them. “Guest bedroom is up the stairs on the left, bath’s off the landing. I hope you don’t mind if I don’t show you up—rheumatism, you know. Clean sheets and towels and all that already in place, of course.”
“Oh, I worked that out ages ago,” Sherlock whispered back. “It’s the two you said were glaring at me--they’re in it together.”
Sherlock cocked his head at Stephen, who seemed considerably more reluctant. “It was the same for me.”
John finished his drink in a long swallow and got up to refill his glass. Watching him now, Sherlock saw that he’d already had quite a head start: drinking alone somewhere, but not straight from work, he’d gone somewhere first…where?
Lestrade burst out laughing and slammed his drink back down on the table to slap Sherlock’s shoulder. He was laughing so hard his eyes were streaming and Sherlock could not help laughing too, the sound unfamiliar and rusty. When was the last time he had laughed?
John laughed--a little shakily--and squeezed his hand. Suddenly the room sprang to life around them, the hum of the refrigerator loud in the silence and lamps filling the space with light. Sherlock closed his eyes.
They ate in companionable silence, swapping the ginger beer bottle back and forth, watching the horses graze and the lazy lapping of the water in the pond. They had spread their jackets out to dry and when they finished John lay down on his stomach to dry his backside, closing his eyes and dozing in the sun. When he woke, he cracked one eye to see Sherlock lying next to him, chin propped on his left hand as he made more notes.
“Lean back and I’ll wash your hair,” John said. He knelt behind Sherlock and worked the soap through his curls, enjoying the feeling of having Sherlock’s head in his hands. Sherlock tipped his head back and smiled with his eyes closed as John’s fingers massaged his scalp. John looked down at the long curve of white throat and swallowed against the dryness of his mouth. “Rinse,” he said a little hoarsely.
They were practically an old married couple by now. John was finding this whole situation—some nutter had blown up half a city street, apparently for the sole purpose of leaving Sherlock a creepy little message—vastly disturbing, but Sherlock was staring at the picture on the phone as though it were a chocolate croissant with double chocolate.
“Nobody ever found any trace of Moriarty before the bombings, period,” Sherlock pointed out. “In retrospect, maybe we should have pushed that angle harder.”
Christ. Magnussen. Maybe John had been right, maybe he shouldn’t…it didn’t matter, Sherlock told himself firmly, they’d be gone, gone long before Magnussen could ever have a chance at getting him.
John leaned over and poured the rest of the bottle of wine into their glasses. “A toast. Here’s to you, for wrapping the whole thing up in a day and a half and getting us a free dinner in Italy to boot!”
“I’m afraid your brother’s condition has deteriorated,” she said quietly to Mycroft. “They’re requesting permission to divert to Germany.”
“Sir, I will work very hard, with my left hand…” and at Mirzayev’s look, “I mean, my father, I will work hard to make you proud.”
“Yep, you’re going to love it,” John said cheerfully. “I’m here right now as it happens, need to get back to the workmen in case they find any more of your drugs stash.”
“We’re allowed as long as the material’s approved,” another woman said, working her way forward. Sherlock knew who she was—she was Sister Bertha of Kent now, but he’d worked out that before the Restoration she’d been a professor at the London School of Economics. “But that great lump I’m covenanted to doesn’t even own any books. I’m not quite certain he can read at all.”
John lay on his saggy cot, alone and aroused and staring into the dark, and wondered what Mr. Brocklehurst would do next.
John smiled. “You’re fine. That’s a contact dermatitis.” He tapped the flimsy necklace. “Probably nickel allergy. Lay off the cheap jewelry and try not to scratch it and it should clear up in a few days.”
Oh shit, he really wasn’t going to be able to hold back. John gritted his teeth and, with a mighty effort of will, grabbed himself around the base of his cock with one hand and squeezed as he drove in. He forced himself to slow down, holding Sherlock in place with one hand, and Sherlock cried out. Sherlock was pushing himself back against John and then rutting into the pillows, and John could tell he was close by the way his voice had gone high pitched and breathless. “I’m going to make you come,” John gritted out, “just like this, I’m going to feel you come around me,” and he let go his cock, grabbed Sherlock with both hands, and thrust: perfect angle, perfect depth, once, twice, three times, the pleasure like lava rising in his groin, and then Sherlock howled. John felt the first hard rhythmic clench and let himself go, pumping into that slender body as Sherlock shouted, muffled, into the mattress and then John was coming too. As orgasms went, it was a stunner. By the time John had finished he could do nothing but slide out of Sherlock and collapse down onto his side.
“Missing baby wasn’t my case, remember? I was just helping Dimmock. This one’s all mine.” Lestrade gestured to the lab with his chin. “He’s moving a little slow today, isn’t he? Did you keep him up too late?”
“We’re going to show Abdulleyev what happens when he messes with Mirzayev,” Samirelliev answered grimly.
“You weren’t afraid when I said I wouldn’t come back with you. You knew the king wouldn’t punish you.”
“Yes. That’s it exactly. So I’m worried…he has PTSD, right, and I have to be careful not to come up behind him or touch him if he’s not expecting it, when he’s working, say. But otherwise, if we’re in his rooms, he’s fine with me touching him. He likes it. And he touches me. So that’s good. But I still worry that when he was in prison, that, you know…”
“Lovely!” She gave a little skip. “I know you’re not, erm. Looking forward to wearing the clothes. But when you come to Irene’s we can wear whatever we like and do whatever we want to; it will be glorious.”
The maid, Thomasina, was sitting on a chair by the bedside reading a book. When Sherlock stirred she glanced up, set her book on the floor, and stood to pour him a glass of water. “How are you feeling?”
When Mirzayev was gone, Sherlock got himself under control and decided that he might as well have a proper shower and get on with getting back on his feet. He collected his things and limped down to the showers, where for the first time since his capture he took a long look at himself in a mirror. He was…unrecognizable. His eyes were still ringed with yellowish bruises, and his nose was definitely not the nose he had been born with. The smaller cut on his cheekbone was healing well, but there was a livid, jagged scar running from the corner of his mouth down toward his jaw. Sherlock already had a good ten days’ worth of stubble, but the very thought of trying to shave around the wound made him flinch. A beard might not be a bad idea anyway. He sighed and turned away.
“Okay, this is it,” the manager said. He stopped in front of a wide bay door, like a garage, and turned a key in its lock. Rodriguez stepped forward to help and the manager waved him off: “It’s okay, they aren’t heavy.” He took hold of the metal handle and hauled up the door, then leaned inside and flipped a switch. They all looked into a small, square, windowless room, empty except for a few pieces of furniture. There was a moment’s silence.
“That,” Mycroft said, setting down his coffee cup and rising to his feet, “is something you are going to have to see for yourself. Ready?”
that was just getting underway, so he was unprepared for what Sherlock’s mouth would feel like under his. Unprepared for how that long slender body would feel in his arms, for the heat of Sherlock’s chest against his, for the way Sherlock’s shockingly soft mouth first stilled and then opened, the sweetness of his lips and tongue as John kissed him and kissed him and kissed him. He couldn’t seem to stop. It was as though John had been thirsty so long he no longer even knew it, and now that he had started drinking he couldn’t pull his mouth away.
John dropped his own clothing--he was half out of it anyway--and made short work of Sherlock’s, stripping him and then pushing him so he lay propped against the pillow. “You like when I touch you, remember?” he said, straddling Sherlock’s hips and running his hands over his chest. Sherlock shivered and pressed upward, trying for some contact with John’s body, but John kept him pinned with his thighs. “I’m going to touch you, and I’m going to make it so good that you won’t be able to do anything tomorrow. Every time you move or turn or sit you’re going to think about my hands on you.” He took Sherlock’s hand and sucked the fingers into his mouth. “I’m going to make it so you won’t be able to touch a
