Dean’s mouth gaped open as he watched the angel rush over, arms extended to pick him up. “The hell, Cas? I didn’t even know you had that in ya.”
Dean stood leaning against the back of wall of Bobby’s bar, nursing his third beer of the night. He wasn’t quite sure he would call this a party of sorts, but it was a get together with people from town to celebrate Sam’s graduation. There wasn’t really any presents, just a ton of drinking and probably some other shenanigans going on in the bathroom or even in the stockroom. The air in the room was filled with laughter and games, yet that was the last thing on Dean’s mind.
“Can we listen to more music,” Castiel requested, beginning to rock back and forth against the seat, leather creaking slightly under him. If Dean was going to slow their hands down before they struck, then he would need another outlet.
Castiel let out a hum of understanding, enjoying the feeling of knowing that Dean would always be at his side.
“I guess I’m kinda used to it. I can’t separate myself from my brain, although sometimes I wish I could. It can just be so frustrating,” Castiel confessed. His eyes became downcast and tears caught in the corners. He gave a heavy sniffle, attempting to disguise his feelings.
Dean clasped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. He laughed and pulled him forward. “Want to stay for a little longer or do you want to go back to the house? Something tells me John won’t be back for at least the rest of the night.”
Dean kicked out his left leg, colliding it with an officer’s shin. The office forced him down hard against the cool metal of the car. The ice and snow that was already rested on the hood made his cheek almost stick to it. Dean fought to straighten, eyes aglow in exhilaration. A fight was never something to strive for, Dean knew that, but he was also never one to back down from an altercation.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean waited until Castiel lifted his head, but didn’t make him look anywhere near him. “I have an idea. Think you can come with me?”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re coming up. Got it.” Dean slammed his phone closed and shifted a look to Castiel, one of regret. “Sam says he found something we have to see. Looks like the hunt is kicking off quicker than we thought.”
They repeated the process until they arrived at the opposite side of the room where Castiel promptly collapsed on the couch, taking Dean with him when he tipped over out of exhaustion.
Dean reached into the backseat and brought out his collection—or his Dad’s collection—of cassettes. He had added a couple that he had found across a couple hunts. None of them had quite the sentimental value that the ones he got from his father had, but Castiel seemed to like the newer ones that were a tad bit softer and were easier on his ears. He would tolerate Metallica or AC/DC, but his music tastes tended to lie elsewhere.
Castiel leaned back against the seat and closed his eyes, breathing lightly, taking in the rumble of the car followed by the sound of music, allowing it to chase away the final feelings of anxiety until he was left feeling freer than he had in years.
Dean lifted his hands slightly up and drew back, nodding in understanding. “Sure, Cas. I’ll just be in the library when you’re ready.” He reached for the driver’s side door and pushed it open. He stepped out, leaving Castiel in the Impala while he headed back into the bunker.
Castiel scoffed and took a step over to Dean, tapping two fingers against his chest. “You think that you’re a tough man? You’re not. You’re a coward.”
Castiel looked up and down from the top of Dean’s face down to his shoes. He let out a low hum that rolled in the back of his throat, filling his entire head with a deep rumble.
Dean couldn’t help but smile, feeling a tingle of excitement travel through him, pooling in his stomach and making him antsy. “Hmmmm, alright then. Don’t need to tell me twice.” He leaned forward, kissing Castiel deeply and pressing his weight against Castiel as the angel reclined the seat partially back until Dean was laying on top of him.
A wide smile showed on Dean’s face as he took a tiny step forward, still keeping his arm around Castiel and holding his opposite forearm upward to help keep Castiel balanced and upright. It was a technique he had been taught when Castiel was in the hospital when he first heard the term ‘early onset Parkinson’s Disease’.
Castiel couldn’t help but shoot Dean a smile that took up his whole face. It was a look that Castiel didn’t give all that often, usually keeping himself stoic without showing his feelings. Seeing him like that made love spark in Dean’s heart once more and he was unable to stop it. Sometimes Castiel was too cute.
“Good. Good!” Castiel frowned. It was the only words that he could think of saying at the moment. There were others mingling around his mind, just itching to be said, yet he could only repeat what Dean had said previously.
“Awe, how touching.” Dean braced his shoulders back, forced back down as the officer began to pat his pockets to check for weapons of any kind. “Wait until I invite you to our wedding? Or better yet I’ll send you pictures from the honeymoon. How does that make you feel knowing that we’ve made love when you were sleeping in the room next door? Or to know that I want to spend the rest of my life with him and grow old together. How does that make you feel, John?”
Dean felt a twinge in his chest at Castiel’s words. Despite him being a celestial being that could smite anyone that so much as looked at him sideways, all Castiel craved was acceptance. That was challenge enough being an angel, but then being neurodivergent on top of that; it was just another thing to set him apart from mortal beings on Earth. It was something Dean was getting used to, seeing Castiel withdrawn and uncomfortable when faced with communicating with anyone besides himself or occasionally Sam.
Castiel wanted to point out how Dean didn’t have to do this, stay with him, and put himself through this. However, whatever he thought he wanted to say was taken away when he looked over to Dean and saw the affection he had in his gaze. That wouldn’t have been there if Dean didn’t care for him in one way or another and that was something that Castiel had grown to learn wouldn’t have been there if Dean want to be with him. They had been through so much in a generally short period of time, and their bond had only strengthened.
Castiel let out an affectionate grumble, butting his head back against Dean’s shoulder. “And did I say that I didn’t believe you?”
Castiel couldn’t help a low whine from tearing from his throat. His eyes widened in horror at what he had just done and he started to pace, hands still pressed against his ears. He couldn’t hear the sound that had so bothered him earlier, but he also didn’t want to risk it.
“Get off of me,” heaved John as he was thrown on the other police car, Sam following on the hood. Castiel was forced beside Dean, so close that their shoulders almost touched. Dean knew damn well that Castiel could easily throw the police officer off and resist being held down, yet the angel stood by his side.
They continued on until Castiel began to slow as exhaustion set in. Dean released Castiel’s hands and smiled as Castiel looked around with round eyes.
Dean straightened, feeling as though his insides were twisting within him. The pain in his face was already unimaginable and the blow to the stomach, however uncoordinated it was, still was painful. He wanted nothing more than to just retreat somewhere to set his nose back, but that was before he saw John wailing on his brother.
“Come. Come. Come.” Castiel followed Dean’s lead, keeping a couple paces back, fingers still flicking outwards from his sides.
John punched Dean’s nose, effectively breaking it right in the middle. The taste of blood filled Dean’s mouth and he was left gurgling on it as John continued to punch his face. His nail struck deep into Dean’s cheek, effectively slicing it clean open. That combined with the split lip had Dean squirming under his father’s weight.
“You need to make a choice whether you’re going to stick by and help or feel sorry for yourself, and if that’s the case don’t bring Cas down with you!”
Castiel’s eyes traveled up to Dean’s lips, settling there. “Can we do it again,” he asked hopefully, hands beginning to twitch slightly.
After a particular night of pity drinking, Sam had taken his brother by the shoulders and shook some sense into him.
“You’re never going to know unless you try. Don’t worry; I’m going to be right beside you the whole time,” Dean reassured.
That meant no flapping his hands when he was excited, or making low whines when he was trying to concentrate, or repeating anything that Dean said because it calmed him to have Dean’s words in his head. He tried to appear as ‘normal’ as possible and it was absolutely exhausting.
John lunged forward while Dean was momentarily distracted while he tried to locate Castiel. John swiped Dean’s legs out from under him and left him falling flat on his back, momentarily knocking the wind from his lungs. He sputtered as he attempted for breath while John pressed a knee to his chest and leaned down hard.
A flicker of relief passed through Dean. It was the first thing Castiel had said in almost an hour that wasn’t an echo of what he had said in one shape or another.
Castiel’s head lifted timidly, piercing blue eyes meeting Dean’s forest green gaze. He stood rigid for a moment, unwilling to speak despite the fact that his lips were partially open and ready to talk.
With an audible sigh, Dean kneeled down in front of him and rested his arm across Castiel’s knees before pressing his chin on his arm. His eyes tipped upward to Castiel, a smile on his face.
“Okay, I’m going to see if I can help a little bit.” Dean placed his left foot behind Castiel’s left heel and used his toe to lift his foot an inch off the ground. “Swing your hip to force your foot forward just like Dr. Thym said.”
Surprise pulsed through Dean, nearly paralyzing him. It wasn’t like he had never encountered anyone that batted for his team before, but in Sioux Falls it wasn’t likely. Dean had grown up closeted and still kinda was. The fact that the officer was this open about it gave him hope for his future.
Dean didn’t verbally thank the man, thinking that may be overstepping his bounds. Officer Malkley had done him and Castiel a great favor by not bringing them in and he didn’t want to risk anything that would change his mind.
“I thought you’d never ask.” Dean scooted closer to Castiel again, breathing deeply and taking in Castiel’s scent. “You sure this is okay? You’re good?”
“Cas, Sam and I aren’t like everyone else. We’re not going to abandon you because of who you are. You haven’t done the same with us when Sam was addicted to demon blood, or when I bore the mark of Cain. It would’ve been easy for you to just walk away and you didn’t. You think that I wouldn’t do the same just because you’re autistic?”
Unbeknownst to Castiel, he started rocking back and forth, arms swinging down at his sides. This wasn’t something he typically did, but the movement combined with the sound of his shoes colliding with the cement appeased both his need for bodily movement and audible stimulation.
Castiel stopped dead in the middle of pacing and looked at Dean. Well, he looked in his direction, but his eyes never met Dean’s gaze. Dean hadn’t been expecting it since it was quite rare for Castiel to look at him directly in the eye. At least he was looking in the general direction.
“Ears.” Castiel closed his eyes tightly, fighting through the haze of uncomfortableness he was feeling to process what Dean meant. His fingers started to curl into his hair before he pulled them away tentatively, testing to see if the sounds that had originally made him so adamant on covering his ears would still pose an issue. When that didn’t seem to be the case, he brought them down to his shoulders where his fingers flicked out fitfully, breathing heavily.
“You still up for me to show you something,” Dean questioned before Castiel could bolt in the opposite direction.
Dean noticed in an instant and leaned forward, not quite touching Castiel, but keeping his hand close just in case. “Hey, Cas, you good?”
Dean jumped as well at the sound, not expecting that loud of a sound to come out of Castiel. Although, seeing the look in Castiel’s eyes when he heard the sound bounce around the walls and fade into nothingness made Dean almost blush.
“Yeah, Cas, you did it perfectly.” Dean ran his thumb under his bottom lip, feeling the residual vibration from where Castiel’s teeth had pulled on it. “Have you been holding out on me?”
“I don’t want to be up all night with paperwork booking you two. I’d rather go home to my husband,” the officer remarked.
“You pick,” Dean offered, setting the cassettes in the box on Castiel’s lap. “If you want to, at least.”
“You know I’d be with you no matter what, right,” Dean whispered once he had settled back against Castiel, enjoying the feeling of soft hair brushing against his jaw.
Castiel nodded timidly, forcing all of his concentration into lifting his left leg. Frustration settled through him when he was only able to turn his foot to the side and scrape it forward, almost tripping on it if not for Dean reaching out his own foot to straighten it out. The two of them were able to force the foot to rest on the ground without fear of Castiel fumbling over it when he tried to move the next one.
“Just thought that everyone should know that,” Dean continued a deliberate glare at Castiel, who had the door already propped open and ready to walk out. “Happy now?”
Castiel set his jaw in determination, willing his foot to slide forward. Despite his best efforts, it wouldn’t budge. His foot felt like a large hunk of cement that was rooted to the ground. All the will that he possessed couldn’t get him to lift it.
Dean shrugged. “Fair enough.” He reached down to turn down the music ever so slightly and tried to jump back on the words.
Dean let out a sharp gasp when the weight was lifted. He sat up, spitting blood onto the floor as he coughed, ribs twisting in his chest. Tears collected in Dean’s eyes as he watched his brother grab a beer bottle and smash it over his father’s head, watching as bits of glass rained through the air. John’s eyes momentarily shone in confusion just as Castiel swept in with a raised chair and snapped it over John’s back.
The words sliced through Dean’s heart and he struggled not to react react emotionally to it. He swallowed thickly, attempting to process what Castiel said and what he could say that wasn’t going to make things worse. Reacting emotionally was something that Dean was excellent at doing, yet it never worked well when he tried to do the same with Castiel, and Dean knew that.
John looked up with a glass of whisky in one hand a lit cigarette in the other. “Get on with it,” he jeered. “We don’t have all day.”
Dean reached forward to eject the cassette when Castiel battered his hand away urgently. “I just want to finish the last song,” he requested.
Before he could think much about it, Castiel raised his hand and pressed two fingers to Dean’s temple. A flash of warmth passed through Dean, leaving him slightly disoriented. When he opened his eyes he found that his face and rest of his body was clear of all injuries as though they never happened. So much for sporting a possibly broken nose for the rest of his life.
Castiel let out a deep breath, heart hammering in his chest. “I don’t always know it’s happening until it’s too late. I also don’t want to be an inconvenience.”
Dean's mouth drew in a tight line, sensing multiple sets of eyes on him in the room. He sensed this conversation had been had by several others but he knew when Cas was deadset on something...“But it’s not necessary. Just let them heal them.” He tried to keep his tone calm but inside, his stomach was swirling as he stared at the wings, softly twitching involuntarily even as he watched them. The fine trembling could be seen if he concentrated on the individual feathers and he knew the pain must be immense.
“You are in their home. You will respect them and their wishes," Cas added as he saw an argument brewing, looking to each Angel in kind.
Dean pouted and slid down to sit at the base of the door. “It’s not like I’ve had a lot of practice in relationships, bitch.”
Naomi and her forces finally come to seek revenge but vengeance doesn't always work out the way we plan.
Naomi shook with head once. “There are only one or two Angels that have not come to my call, present company excluded. We need every Angel we can muster and even then it might still not be enough…”
“Dean, she’s like a child. A teenager at best and her attitude is worse than that of a teenager… There is no competition for my heart,” Castiel said as he leaned their foreheads together. Giggles began erupting from the Angels and Cas sighed. “I almost miss the hard ass Angels that hated me. I wasn’t cut out to teach….” He cleared his throat and snapped his wings to his side, but not before snatching Dean’s hand up in his own. The Angels began whispering and giggling amongst themselves.
Castiel considers. "The library has a large number of books on spells and witchcraft. It's quite likely that one of them holds the answer."
also feels off. His body seems heavier than usual, and he's experiencing muscle aches in none of the normal places.
“S’just crazy, y’know.” Dean shakes his head, grinning down at his lap. “Never thought I’d go to college. My dad said I was too dumb, but I’m
“Eventually.” Charlie licks a dab of salsa off her wrist. “In the meantime, I’m going to thoroughly enjoy the shitshow that is Dean’s first boy crush. It’s all kinds of adorable.”
secrets, dude. I don't know anything about you. How you ended up at HunterCorps, where you went to school, what your family's like. So spill. Give me the dirt."
he insists on driving Dean's car and has the audacity to call her a "pastel green blimp-mobile" among other things. Needless to say, Dean's in a pretty rotten mood by the time they pull into the parking lot at HunterCorps headquarters.
“Sorry.” Dean sighs. He’s lying on the floor in their living room, throwing a tennis ball up in the air and catching it. “I’m just going a little crazy, dude. Everybody’s either busy studying or they’ve already fucked off for winter break.”
"I beg your pardon?" Cas says, but he doesn't sound defensive. If anything, he sounds a bit… breathless?
Dean hums and wriggles closer, throwing an arm over Cas' stomach. Silence falls, broken only by their breathing and the faint sounds of traffic outside.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. He feels a blush staining his cheeks and hopes it’s not noticeable in the dim light.
"God," Cas groans, reaching down to stroke himself through his sweatpants. "I really want to suck you off while you're wearing those. Next time."
He drags himself downstairs Friday morning, a black pit of dread in his stomach. Cas is on the couch with his laptop open, typing away. Probably getting a head start on schoolwork, the nerd. Jack is lying on his stomach on a playmat, neck wobbling as he tries to keep his head elevated.
Dean's been scared plenty of times in his life. He was scared when Sammy choked on a hot dog at the age of three and started turning blue before Bobby managed to make him cough it up. He was scared every time his dad came home drunk and angry, when he lost Sam at the county fair, when Missouri had a stroke and Dean had to drive her to the hospital.
"I heard you inside, asking questions," Castiel continues. “From the sound of things, you’re looking for a werewolf.”
“So I disguised each angel as a human and sent them to different locations on Earth,” Gabriel explains. “Quiet, low-profile places the Council wouldn’t think to search. And to be extra safe, I made them all
Cas folds his arms across his chest, and even though Dean is seriously pissed off, he can't take his eyes off those huge hands and firm, muscled arms. It feels like no time has passed since that night. Cas is still sexy as fuck and Dean's still a whiny, needy little shit.
Slowly but surely Dean drifts off, and he’s almost completely out when he suddenly gets a weird feeling. It’s the same one he gets when his sons stare at him while he’s sleeping. Cringing at the thought of having to explain to a pair of seven-year-olds why he and Cas are cuddling on the couch, Dean reluctantly opens his eyes.
he's so turned on that he doesn't even want to bother with the plug anymore. Dean plants his feet firmly on the mattress and rubs himself fast and hard, groaning as the delicious friction sends him spiraling higher and higher. He thinks of every dirty thing he can possibly imagine, thinks about someone watching him jerk off, someone with blue eyes and thick glasses perched on their nose, staring at him while he moans and writhes on the bed, murmuring praise and encouragement in a deep, sexy voice.
The cops, thankfully, wait to ask their questions until everybody's calmed down. Once they've stopped crying, Cas guides Dean back into the house. They sit on the couch together while an officer takes Cas' statement, and Dean doesn't let go of his boyfriend's hand the entire time.
Mary sighs. “Your dad was a good father in many ways, but he taught you there was only one right way to be a man. And I think when you were a teenager, especially—”
choose to hunt on his turf. Simpering, conniving little black-eyed bottom-feeders, always trying to make a deal, always trying to curry favor with Lucifer. They're pathetic, and they're really starting to piss him off.
"Whoa, wait up." Dean sprints out of his bedroom and skids to a halt in front of him. "You thought what?"
“Hi, Jack,” she says softly, and Jack stares up at her with huge eyes. “Oh, you’re very smart. I can tell already.” Jack goes slightly cross-eyed as he attempts to focus on her face, his tiny tongue sticking out. “I’ve got some presents for you. Should we go open them?”
Castiel moves to the fire, which has almost burnt out, and rakes a stick over the glowing coals. “How is your pain?” he asks.
you speak to me like that. I put my life on the line for this company, every single day, to make sure the world stays safe. And instead of thanking me, you insult and humiliate me and treat me as if I'm worthless, just because I made a mistake? What kind of leader does that? What kind of
"Perhaps." Castiel peers past him into the tunnel. "Or he could be further inside. I'll defer to your judgment."
Dean bursts into the house five minutes later, sweaty and out of breath. He sprints across the living room, following the sound of Jack's crying, and finds Cas sitting on the floor outside the nursery, arms wrapped around his knees and shoulders shaking.
“Shit,” Dean gasps, breaking the kiss and pulling back. “We can’t— we need to get back. Kids are waiting.”
For a moment he isn't sure that Dean can answer, but then he says, in a surprisingly steady voice, "Impala, sir."
Dean stares at the lean, muscled body in front of him. One side of Cas' torso and his entire left arm and shoulder are covered with tattoos. Most of them are in a language Dean doesn't recognize. Cas' other side is covered in scars, some new and pink, some old and faded to white.
Their arms were wrapped firmly around one another, holding tighter than needed. Their breathy gasps fell on each other’s dewy necks as Dean waited for his heart to stop racing. Castiel didn’t have that problem due to his nature but if he could he knew he would. His own Angelic body trembled in aftershocks of pleasure he’d never felt. Sure, he’d enjoyed sex with April and done a few things with Meg the demon he wasn’t exactly proud of…but they were nothing compared to how he felt lying in Dean Winchester’s bed, covered in physical evidence of an excess of Hedonism, and he didn’t care.  He needed this. He needed Dean. They needed each other and he no longer cared what Heaven thought.
Castiel smiled proudly at the compliment but shook his head in dismissal. “I would not wish to test that theory, Sam. I’ve killed enough Angels for a thousand lifetimes. The time will come when I am released from my responsibility, but today is not that day.”
Dean looked to him, affection in his eyes as he laid his head on his chest and lightly traced his knuckles with his fingertip as he asked, “How many times?” He watched Castiel freeze up a moment then look to Dean guiltily, making him laugh softly at his expression.
Dean scratched his chin as he shrugged his shoulders. “Couldn’t tell ya. It may take us an hour or so in the store, then I gotta gas up Baby and I was thinking about running to that bakery downtown. Thought I might pick up some stuff for her visit. What do you think?”
Cas’ speech made Dean close his eyes and swallow once as he pressed his palm to the kitchen counter. “How do you do that?”
Castiel stood straight and studied Dean's face a few beats longer than most would consider comfortable, his face devoid of emotion. His voice was suspicious as he asked, “Wait…just you and me?”
“Okay, but you wear armor on the regular….I’m just saying…” Dean said with a grin as he pushed his underwear down, revealing himself to Cas. Dean, who had been with more people than he cared to count, felt shyness at this moment he hadn’t felt in some time. It was unfounded, however, as Castiel looked at him with overwhelming love and possession.
“I can’t put if off any longer. It’s unfair of me to expect Aberia to understand any of this…she’s basically a child. One with zero experience here. It took me millennia of watching the human race before I was allowed down here. I’m being unfair to her…and dragging this out is unfair to you. I will do have I have to in Heaven to be able to come home. I don’t know how long it will be…but I promise, Dean.”
“What the Fuck…” Dean murmured and it was his turn to freeze. Sitting next to Chuck…well Hell, Dean would say it was Castiel except he knew damn well his was right beside him. The man was identical in every way, except his voice and the sneer on his face that Dean had never seen mar his Angel’s looks. The other Castiel was wearing the trenchcoat and tie that Cas normally wore as well.
“Now, now, brothers and sisters. Let us all get along. Castiel has finally come home to help us keep Heaven running. We acknowledge his sacrifice,” Naomi said, but with the other Angels around, she threw skepticism on the word sacrifice. Castiel looked over to her and shook his head minutely. She would always be a master manipulator.
“I…okay…” Cas said with further confusion as he walked out with a small cardboard box containing their sweets and the card wrapped in the receipt. He juggled the box on his leg to try to open the car door but Dean had already leaned over and popped the handle for him. He slid in and buckled up but before the belt could click, Dean fired at him.
Sam jumped up at the opportunity to escape the awkwardness. “Food sounds good, but it’s pretty early still.”
“Mom, That is more than enough.” Dean finally stood and crossed his arms over his chest. “You don’t talk to Jody that way.”
Castiel smiled then, a reassuring sight. He drew one knee up, looking lost in thought for a moment. “I could not expect you to understand someone like her. She is conniving, calculating, manipulative, and spiteful. She plans to turn the new Angels against me, but I plan to strike first.” His eyes gleamed with mischief. Dean knew Castiel was an amazing strategist but he was not reassured.
“Your heart is beating so fast…” Cas whispered softly In Dean’s ear as he laid a hand on his chest. "Are you okay?”
“That,” Cas growled out as he pushed Dean against the wall with his own body weight now, “is what I was trying to get to when you interrupted me.” Castiel crashed his lips into Dean’s, putting all of his anger and frustration into his movements as he moved his mouth to Dean’s throat, kissing along his Adam’s apple and moving his hand from his chest to his hair.
Cas pushed him back flat on his back and he made quick work of his belt, pants, and underwear, shucking them on the floor in a heap. Dean’s breath was ragged as he laid naked on the bed. Castiel was still fully clothed and he gave him an incredulous look as he bit his lip.
“I accept your terms,” Castiel said as he nipped at his throat once more before scooting over to retrieve the little bottle of lube he’d found stashed in Dean’s bag. Thanks to his own Angelic gifts they’d had no need for it during their last time together but should they reverse their roles…Castiel called Dean’s name softly and he rolled over to give him his full attention now. “Dean, we can do as we did before. If you aren’t comfortable.”
Chuck did a swiping motion with his hand. “Oh, who cares what the other Angels say. You…” Chuck got up then and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “You learned how to love all on your own. Not just romantic love. Friendship, family, love. Why would I stop that? You have become someone more remarkable than I could have designed myself. I wouldn’t stop that for anything.”
He had several hours before Cas would be home. He figured he’d just kick back and watch a little Netflix. The heater kicked on and the warm air circulating through the vents made a familiar rattle that lulled Dean to sleep many a night. He turned on the series he was currently watching as was about ten minutes in when his eyes got heavy and drifted shut.
Castiel nodded and his eyes filled with intrigue and a small smile crossed his face. “Very well. Let them enter and seat them in the war room.”
You look…nice,” Dean grumbled as he yanked on the black button up and let it hang unbuttoned  so he could conceal his gun.
“Well, as you have all since figured out, Angels are essentially batteries. We are waves of celestial intent. Heaven needs us to function, but it, in turn, strengthens us the more time we spend there.”
Dean had two empty bourbon glasses in front of him and half the steak gone. Cas’ drink and steak were untouched, and Chuck had waved down a waiter for a to go box. Dean and Castiel both looked agitated and impatient as Chuck continued talking...and talking...and talking.
“Are...are you ordering me back?” Aberia said with a mix of fear and challenge. She couldn’t decide how she felt, and she realized she'd allowed a mere human to back her down.
“I…umm…believe it is because I did not Fall from Heaven after Metatron’s Spell. I wasn’t an Angel by that time since he took my Grace for the spell…” Castiel said as he looked at the ground, not liking the scrutinizing eye he was receiving. He took another step back from her outreached fingertips.
Naomi rolled her eyes and took a step forward. “I really don’t think this is important in consideration of Heaven’s…”
Castiel turned around the pain in his eyes made Dean ache, wishing so much he erase that look in his eyes now. “I don’t know, Dean. I just don’t know.”
Cas studied the list again and looked over at Dean. “Nothing on this list will spoil quickly, so that is fine with me.”
“Yay….” She said as she leaned back and crossed her arms over her chest defiantly, her newly found sarcasm coming through. “We’ve already discussed it and decided. We aren’t leaving you to deal with Naomi alone.”
Dean let a wave of some emotion Cas couldn't put his finger on wash across his face. “She didn’t…No. No. We’re all good here. You ready to go back to the bunker?”
Aberia rolled her eyes, almost mimicking Castiel from earlier. “Yes, a very wise plan to walk hundreds of miles dragging broken wings you are unable to hide, covered in blood. Yes, that plan was truly awe inspiring.”
“Sam does not deserve to be alone, and I love him as a brother. That was some of the business that kept me from meeting you upon your arrival. I am sorry for the delay. I did think Bobby might be the best one to greet you though.” Cas stood then and watched Miracle go off to sniff at several trees where birds were singing. Dean stood then, looking back up the house they’d been slowly heading toward.
“You’ve got no opinion on the matter?” Dean interrupted, finally grown tired of Chuck's emotionless expression.
“Me too, Dean…but I was still hoping you would have more time to enjoy your freedom…” Cas said with a frown as the hug ended and they stepped awkwardly away from one another.
Dean leaned over and impulsively kissed his cheek, letting out a surprised breath at his own boldness. “I’ve got a few ideas. If we start easing now, the possibilities it five months could be...”
Castiel dropped to his knees, almost reverently. Dean looked down with wide eyes as Cas undid the button of his jeans and slid his fly down achingly slow. He gripped his jeans on either side and yanked them down his legs, leaving him exposed in nothing but his black boxer briefs. The harsh line of Dean’s ever growing hard on was apparent, hidden behind the thin layer of fabric.
“He makes it exceedingly difficult,” Cas said offhandedly as they broke apart from their hug. When Jody looked at him with surprise, he shrugged. “Celestial hearing.”
“Dean, did you understand what Ishim was talking about that day? Do you understand that it isn’t just the act of creating a child with a human that is forbidden but that lying with a human is as well? Do you understand…It’s one of our most sacred laws. I…I know I’ve fallen in almost every way conceivable.” Castiel hung his head and shoved his hands in the pockets of his trenchcoat, his shoulders slumping. He stared at the floor like it was of utmost interest. “The Angels already think I’ve fallen in that regard as well but I thought…thought maybe if I left that
Dean blew out a nervous breath as he stood straight again and followed him out of the bedroom door and watched Debriel and Aberia flank Cas on either side. "You know I do."
“Thanks….” Dean said sheepishly as he stood up, beating the dust from the unkempt floor off the backs of his pants. “You really saved my ass…”
Debriel nodded once, quickly enough that Dean would have missed it had he not had his eyes on him. “Josiah and Kirah are with her.”
Cas immediately snapped to the defense, his posture going rigid and his hands clasping into fists as Dean instinctively moved to his side. “Truly, it’s none of your business, Aberia.”
Castiel had never been touched in such a way by anyone. Not with such want, such passion, and only for him. He growled possessively against Dean’s neck as he nipped at his skin.
“Dean explained it. I understand that you did it to keep my mother and the others safe. It is a necessary sacrifice but I…we…are ready for you to come home. Dean, Sam, and Mary have been continuing to train me to fight, and I haven’t been using any more of my powers. I promise. “
Castiel heard the banging on the Bunker door and growled out, “To Hell with pants. I will handle this!” He all but leapt from the bed, naked and angry.
“But yet he told you….” Naomi said with her teeth gritted in a grimace of a smile. Castiel could feel the danger in her tone.
“Maybe…but there’s a perfectly good shower too.” Dean stretched out and again popped the button on his jeans before stretching his arms above his head.
A silence fell across the room and all eyes were on Castiel. He sighed, let his wings relax, the tips of them resting on the floor. He ran his hand through his hair and growled out. “I didn’t think I’d signed up to be babysitter. I just want to watch Netflix in the bunker.” That unexpected statement made Sam and Dean laugh.
Aberia tucked her chin to her chest and bit back a comment as she slumped her shoulders in controlled anger, feeling the disapproving glare affect her more than she'd have admitted it did...and from a human. “I did everything you asked…”
“Yes, sir….” She said, biting back her comment before she came and hovered a hand over him, trying to decide what area to concentrate on.
“She said she wasn’t," Cas answered defensively as he clutched the box to him a bit more tightly, feeling a bit insecure in this line of conversation.
“You’ve been dealing…” The Shadow said and Castiel caught Chuck’s eye. Dean studied Cas' face and stole glances to the others, knowing this was far above his pay grade.
“You’ve thought about this before?” Dean imagined Cas lying alone in his room, mirroring Dean’s own misery, imagining unattainable scenarios in his head that only added to their own suffering.
like. I could feel your soul entwining with my Grace like your fingertips were caressing my very essence. I felt it as strongly as you did, Dean.”
“I have to call Dean. They aren’t here and they need to know…” Castiel said as he dialed his number from memory and waited. He didn’t have to wait long.
“You stayed,” came a soft voice from behind him. Cas’ heart skipped a beat at the mere sound of his voice, and he turned, sucking in a soft breath as he saw Dean exit the bathroom, a thin cotton towel cinched around his waist. The lightning storm outside flashed soft bursts along Dean’s body and the wall behind him.
A growing annoyance was in Dean’s gut. He’d been accused of being a drunk and a player all in one evening. Not that they were entirely wrong but… “Look, I am just as capable of staying home and spending time with my friends and family as anyone else! You and Sam don’t give me much credit….” He murmured as he snatched up his empty beer bottle and stomped towards the kitchen.
“Nice monologue. I give it a 7 out of 10. I gave extra points for the neat voice changing trick,” Dean said firmly, this voice not reflecting the adrenaline racing through him. He’d been stupid and now he’d pay for it. What was she…not vampire. Big rows of sharp teeth. Shit. He’d seen this before but it’d been forever. Voice manipulation…Shit. Shit. Shit. He shot one bullet into her skull. The force threw her back a moment, but she shook like a dog and came forward again. Okay, a headshot was not going to work. That was his go-to method when he wasn’t sure what would work. She raced toward him, her mouth opened wide. She was incredibly fast and before he knew it, he was pinned against a pine tree, the bark biting into the backs of his arms.
“The Commander ordered me to free and protect you and the others instead of engaging in combat….” She growled out, her eyes bright with the urge to join the others.
“Alcohol. We need alcohol,” murmured Dean as he headed to the kitchen. He could hear the others milling about in conversation as he grabbed glasses and a bottle of whiskey from the cabinet. He felt a rush of air and turned toward the door thinking someone had come to help when he was brought up short by Castiel mere inches from him. He dropped the glasses, but Cas caught them before they could hit the floor and placed them gently on the counter behind Dean. His wings were no longer visible, and Dean couldn’t help but feel a tinge of disappointment.
However, he was lost for any words other than crying out as the blade dug a trench into his skin. He gasped out and found Aberia’s eyes again. “Someone has to protect them….” He gritted out. The message was a double one. Naomi took it for what she thought it was but Aberia knew and her hands knotted up at her side. How dare he die on her and task her with something like that…Her mind raced as the onslaught on her mentor continued. She looked around her at the other faces and she saw the same sickened look on the faces of more than half the Angels around her. He’d been right about her.
“No, Dean. I won’t let you put this on you. Angels can’t…They aren’t capable…but I do. I am…I do feel for you…in that way. I feel it in my very bones. I feel everything I’m not supposed to with you. I yearn. I want…I have never felt so many emotions in my existence and it is truly frightening to me how much I want to touch you, right this moment as you stand there completely indecent.”
“Shit,” Dean groaned out as he jiggled the doorknob, finding it locked. “Cas, come on…” He turned to his family for moral support, all of whom looked uncomfortable.
Cas’ phone buzzed against the floorboard, muffled by his pants, as he shouted his orgasm out, a chain of “Dean, oh fuck. Yes, yes, Dean!” He thrust up into his mouth, Dean's hands clasped onto his hips as he came. Unfortunately, the phone quieted as soon as Castiel did, panting as he looked down at the self-satisfied smirk on Dean’s face as he slid his mouth off and wiped it with the back of his hand as he leaned back on his heels. “You’re getting very good at that.”
Dean’s eyes were wide and unblinking as Cas growled out low and dangerous. He licked his lips slowly and nervously before trying to speak. “I thought…I thought falling sent you to Hell or made you human or something dramatic like with Anna…”
“You can make it in four. I’ve seen you do it. Get here, not for me, but for you. If Naomi gets to you three before you can get here...then I would rather have died in Heaven.” Cas’ voice was heavy and tired needing Dean to understand the urgency.  He needed him safe more than he needed to comfort him right now.
“Fair enough.” Dean sighed as he kicked off his boots and shimmied out of his own pants, holding them in front of him shyly as he made his way to the side of the bed.
“The night we met,” Cas said softly and Dean nodded once as their eyes locked, before the crowd of people came between them. He lost track of Dean for a few minutes as the group took their turns hugging him and chatting, but after everyone got their turn, he found him leaned against the wall, a cold beer being brought up to his lips, and he smiled as Cas caught his eye and made his way over to him. Cas leaned against the wall, his arm brushing Dean’s. “You were keeping me out of the bunker for a reason.”
Dean grabbed the pillow and buried his face in it, groaning in frustration. He mumbled beneath the pillow, but Cas heard him perfectly. “I’d like to kick past me’s
“Whose orders?” Dean croaked out as he stood, letting his chains clatter to the floor. He looked over and the other Angel was freeing the others. He enjoyed his first unobstructed breath since he’d regained consciousness.
“Goddamnit, Dean!” Cas yelled as his eyes rolled back in his head and he reached up to clutch the headboard. “Fuck you!”
I believe we only have one more chapter to go. This one is a bit longer than my recent ones. I hope you enjoy! There is one almost sex scene but no smut this chapter...Please remember, this story is written for ages 18 and up. Thank you.
Cas sat up on the bed, pushing himself up to a better sitting position, but even that slight movement had the other Angels backing away, unsure of his intent. “ABERIA! I am quite dazzled at your suddenly very forthcoming attitude with my family….” Castiel growled out angrily to her. “None of this had anything to do with you, Jack. You were just the excuse she needed to act on her anger.”
Chuck walked around the room curiously, glancing at the full hot tub and the disheveled bed that he pretended to skim his eyes over and not see for all of their composure. He turned back to look at him, still standing within arm's reach of Cas. “This isn’t a process you’ve seen before is it?”
Aberia stood proudly and her wings shifted slightly. “We had orders to make sure you returned as well….” The humans in the room felt a tangible tingle across their skin as Cas’ face grew dark as he walked up the steps, releasing Dean’s hand at the base of them.
“Just remind me not to get a black light anywhere near that tub,” Dean joked but Cas quirked his head in confusion. “It’s a semen joke…it wasn’t even that funny. Don’t worry about it.”
Aberia spoke up then, avoiding Cas’ piercing glare and giving Jack her full attention as she stood up abruptly. “She wanted you to come to Heaven. Castiel told her no, repeatedly, and she beat him to within an inch of his life…if we hadn’t stopped her.”
“Don’t start with me, Naomi…please.” Castiel spoke with a calm that had Naomi already startled, but the please left her speechless. She studied him a heartbeat then nodded, choosing her battles with him. Compliance was something she would not take for granted with Castiel. However, it left her suspicious of ulterior motives. With Castiel there were always ulterior motives.
“Hey Cas, you okay?” Dean said in the quiet of the car. The radio was on, but soft, and only for Dean’s benefit. He knew Castiel didn’t need background music. The man could have a whole symphony playing in his head for all he knew.
“Why wasn’t I told?” Naomi said with disbelief in her tone. Her eyebrows drew together with suspicion and her eyes narrowed.
“What happened?” Dean spoke to Mary as she looked around. She too pushed against the bonds holding her down, though she too could tell it was useless.
“I got a driver’s license!” Jack added with excitement as the thought struck him, reaching into his wallet and fishing it out. “Well, Sam had to fabricate the documents so I could get it, but I took the test myself and passed. It has my picture and everything!” Jack beamed as he handed the card to Cas.
“So what else did you include with the new Angels circuitry changes?” Dean said as he looked at Cas over the rim of his glass.
Sam shuffled nervously, the topic a subject he felt uneasy discussing without Dean there. “I mean, yeah. He’s like our brother. Dean always takes it a little harder than I do when something happens to Cas, but it’s not that I care about him any less…It’s just...”
“Demon or demons, but yeah…” Dean growled out as he stood with his arms crossed over his chest, keeping watch over Sam and Jack as they rummaged through the trunk of the car. His eyes never stopped scanning the area as they spoke quietly.
“Still do, I’m afraid. So having Angels that don’t have or understand emotions and Angels who have them but do not understand them….It makes things complicated. I’m the mediator between the old and the new.”
“Your turn, feathers,” Dean said with a raised eyebrow. Castiel leaned back and unbuttoned and removed his pants with newfound urgency. He threw them across the room, hitting the wall with a soft thud. Dean almost giggled….almost.
Jack had remained quiet but he patted Dean lovingly on the shoulder as he headed to his room to get dressed. “I don’t think you’re a drunk Dean, but I am glad Castiel won’t be alone.”
Castiel shook his head and stepped closer to the drawing table, his hands tucked in his coat pockets. He was the picture of ease but standing this close to his creator had him more than a bit on edge. “Focus on one task at a time. The leadership. Strong belief in the mission to protect the souls of Heaven and humanity at large. Caring about souls but not about people is hypocritical. I’ve always found it to be so.”
Sam walked ahead of them and put his hands out toward Mary and Jody in a last-ditch effort to save everyone a lot of embarrassment. “Hey, why not let me check the car first.
Aberia looked again at Castiel with uncertainty. He shrugged as his body slightly relaxed. He answered her unspoken inquiry, seeing the confusion in her face. “Sometimes as a social construct and sometimes purely for pleasure. Not everything has to be done because it is a necessity.”
“We also agreed that you would stop your incessant screaming in my brain if I would meet with you, so I suppose neither of us is good at keeping our word,” Castiel said.
Dean sighed happily as he scooted up on the bed and let his head hit the downy pillows. “Duly noted…because we have a lot of lost time to catch up on…”
“I’m open to trying it,” Cas shrugged and Dean rolled the cart to another shelf and picked up several bags and sniffed them, holding them up to Cas’ nose as well. Cas unhelpfully looked a bit lost so Dean plopped two different types in the buggy before continuing down.
Dean worked the buttons of Castiel’s shirt while trying to keep eye contact but he swallowed nervously and cast his eyes down as he began to fumble with them. “I don’t like you suffering…especially for me.”
and I've made my peace with him. Castiel isn’t perfect, but neither is Dean, and both of them have convinced me to give the other one a chance before, because they care about each other. You don’t have the right to stand there and tell them who they care about is wrong. They’ve both saved me and people
Dean dropped his towel on the dresser and pulled open the drawers Cas had stocked while he slept. He pulled out underwear and a t-shirt that Cas had folded neatly, the corners crisp and neat. He closed his eyes, the small crows feet at his corners scrunching up more noticeably and he sent a silent, angry prayer of his own in the general vicinity of one particular deity. He pulled his shirt on with increased aggression and yanked open another drawer to grab up a clean pair of jeans. He slammed it shut before sitting on the bed to pull them on. Castiel seemed to appear silently beside him, already fully dressed in a pair of jeans he had packed him and a cream colored dress shirt that he’d meticulously rolled the sleeves up on. He had the shirt untucked and had slipped his black dress shoes back on.
Castiel followed Dean’s gaze and his pupils widened with a similar want, the idea of something he’d never thought he’d be able to have. “No one will judge you here, Dean. Ever again. There is nothing wrong with our love here, and we can do as we please.”
Castiel sighed and a small look of defeat crossed his face. “I’m not much wanted for those tasks. I’m more of a walking-talking backup generator.”
Cas’ words didn’t help Dean’s racing heart, but despite the fact that his cheeks flushed pink, he smiled. “For someone whose only been human a few hours? Completely normal. Horny is a pretty strong emotion for even those of us well versed in human life…” Dean rolled over and grabbed the lube bottle from where he’d tucked it in the nightstand, tossing it on the bed and rolling back as Cas climbed up his body, leaving a trail of soft kisses as he went. As he got to Dean’s face, he laced his fingers through his hair and tugged gently, making Dean gasp and his lashes flutter. He swooped in and pressed their lips together, swallowing up his soft noises as his other hand cupped his hip. He grinded them together, their moans mixing and escaping as they both gasped for breath.
“Angels, eh?” The demon got the first hint of a smile. “We aren’t scared of Angels anymore….haven’t you heard? They’re all dead. The last few can’t even leave Heaven to stop us. Your little pet Castiel doesn’t scare us anymore, either. He’s dead too we hear.” He spit the last out with as much venom in his voice as he could. The demon’s next words were drowned out when Dean quickly poured salt down his throat, stepping back as blood gurgled out of his mouth and he hacked it onto the floor. He coughed, laughing as he did. “Did I hit a nerve? It’s true, isn’t it? What Crowley said was true….You did bad things with an Angel, didn't you? Wow, who's the real monster here?” He smiled, his teeth stained red with his own blood. “At least I didn’t corrupt an Angel…not that I wouldn’t like a taste myself. What’s it like? Dragging one of those perfect little winged fuckers down into the muck with you?” Sam and Jack grabbed Dean by both arms and pulled him back, his Angel blade having all but materialized in his hand.
“Bobby…” Castiel said with relief as the man in question came into the living room from the kitchen, lowering his gun as he saw who it was.
“That he loved us all and to keep each other safe….” Jack added softly. He and Dean locked eyes and nodded.
Chuck smiled softly. “That you know what real love feels like? Yes, and again, that’s why I need you here. Only you can help me, Castiel. Loving Dean Winchester isn’t a sin, son. I need your help. Are you ready to help me do that, now?”
“I’ve been sent to retrieve you,” Aberia said firmly as she looked past him and at the group below. “I’m afraid I am too late. You’ve obviously already been defiled. You stink of it.” Her face wrinkled in disgust and Dean could see Cas’ shoulder blades tighten in anger. His cheeks turned a darker pink at her statement, knowing there was not really another way to interpret her statement.
Cas shrugged apologetically, “I can’t see why it wouldn’t. Except perhaps when my Grace was low…but yes, most likely it would have been I suppose.”
“Always have been,” Dean groaned back as Cas pressed their mouths together, swallowing up Dean’s response.
“How do you … I mean, what…” Castiel began, his forehead creased as he looked Dean up and down hungrily.
oath unbroken….as penance for my previous actions…perhaps Father and the other Angels could one day forgive my sins against Heaven…”
Chuck was sitting at the drawing table, jotting notes and sketching when Castiel popped back into the room. He seemed more than a bit flustered from the trip having not traveled so rapidly in quite a few years. Castiel braced himself against the wall to stabilize himself.  Chuck didn’t move from his seat but his voice clearly indicated he knew he was there.
Sorry for the rushed content. I have been trying to write and edit but my computer has been difficult. I promise I will make it up with a more detailed scene later. If I wasn't clear above, there is smut below.
Sam observed them both. Dean fussing over Cas, his hand rubbing soothing circles along his back as he whispered calming words. He suddenly understood why Dean hadn't wanted to come home yet. “We wouldn’t have come if we’d just known Dean…”
“And we will work it all out. There’s no reason it has to be tonight.” However, Cas burrowed his brow as Dean frowned at his words. He ran his thumb along their laced together fingers and looked deeply into his eyes, squinting in concentration. “Putting it off would actually make it worse for you, wouldn’t it? You seem very…anxious. You do know you have nothing to prove to me, right? I know now that you love me as I do you. Physical affection does not change that.” Cas regarded Dean with a serious expression, his eyes full of patience and understanding Dean still didn’t feel as if he deserved.
“You need water, not more alcohol,” Cas murmured as he walked back to the lit bathroom, unwrapped one of the disposable cups at the sink, and filled it with tap water before digging through Dean’s toiletry bag with familiarity and grabbing a medicine bottle. He walked back to the bed and pushed the glass of water into Dean’s hand, twisted open the medicine bottle and picked out two pain pills, and pressed those into his other hand. He stood, resolute, until Dean shrugged and tossed by the pills and water. While he was occupied, Cas whisked up the open alcohol and poured it in the sink.
Jack nodded his head as well, contained excitement brewing behind his eyes that he was not able to disguise. “I can tell Cas what we're doing if you want. If it would make you feel better about leaving.”
Cas was up and off the bed as soon as the words escaped Dean’s mouth, but the room was pitch dark. Dean frowned in the darkness a moment until he heard Cas speak as the door opened. “If you can find me…you got a deal.”
“While I mourn the loss of the humans whose bodies had been taken over, I acknowledge they had been possessed for far too long to be saved. I never enjoy taking a human life, but once again being in battle, stretching my wings, and being of true use….yes, yes I did…” Castiel pressed himself to Dean’s front, pinning him between himself and the counter. “But I am certain there are other things that could bring me almost as much enjoyment.”
Jack began to argue but Cas’ interrupted. “I said, NO, Jack!” Jack’s eyes widened and his forehead creased as he leaned away from Cas reflexively.
Dean let the towel drop as he brought his arms up to wrap them around his back. Cas growled, an inhuman sound that made Dean’s knees weak. Cas caught him, his arm sliding around Dean’s naked back and he crashed their mouths together, feeling that spark between them ignite and catch fire. Dean tore at Cas’ coat and Cas stepped back only enough to help with the removal of his clothes, his eyes raking hungrily down Dean’s body. It took almost no time to relieve Cas of his clothes with two people’s busy hands, and as Cas’ final garments hit the floor, they crashed together. The thunder crashed outside as well, rattling the windows as their bodies found one another, and the lightning illuminated their naked flesh. Angry storm clouds rolled across the sky but Castiel paid them no mind, even as he felt them, the voices of the Angels in Heaven. Their disapproval. Their anger. Their disgust at this final act of rebellion. This final casting off of Heaven’s authority. Castiel felt...free. He laughed, feeling the shackles of Heaven’s hold on him fall, even as his eyes glowed with his unreined power.
Dean smiled, flashing his teeth. “I happen to like both sides to you, but you could have pushed me over with a feather watching you today. I was terrified and turned on at the same time,” Dean joked, hoping to lighten the mood. It worked as he saw a flicker of mirth enter Cas’ eyes. “But hold on, I’m getting ahead of myself. Look, I just need you to know, I know you can’t give me a time frame of when you can come home…but I don’t care. You’re here right now. That’s what matters, and I want to make it count….” Dean leaned forward and slid his hands under Cas’ shirt, smiling as the Angels eyes all but rolled back in his head at the simplest of touches.
Cas' shoulders softened slightly. “Enid? An interesting choice for emissary. Are there others with her?”
Dean glanced down at himself and jutted a thumb down the hall Castiel had exited down. “I’ll just…do that too…yeah.” He awkwardly left the room, trying not to turn his back on Aberia while trying not to draw so much attention to himself. He was not successful as he stubbed his toe on the door face and cursed under his breath.
Dean stayed close to Cas’ side as he sat in the chair in front of the cake, lit up brightly with candles. “That…is not
Castiel leaned toward Bobby, talking intensely now. “How can I make him accept it? How can I make it easier for him to accept that this is necessary and permanent? How do I….I make him be able to bear it?”
with that, mom? That’s enough!” Dean stood now, his hands in fists at his side. “I am a grown man, not the kid you remember, and I can make my own choices.”
A blonde, petite Angel standing next to Duma frowned and tucked her chin closer to her chest. “And if we refuse to accept those terms?”
Castiel watched Dean walk out as he placed his empty cup on the table. He absentmindedly scratched an itch on his elbow as he turned to the group. “I may not be the only one having trouble processing emotions. He’s been having some issues working through his guilt.”
Sam leaned back, momentarily taken aback at Dean’s short statement of affirmation.  “And nothing…if that’s what you want…”
Cas followed quietly behind, resting a hand on the door facing as Dean stopped only a foot in. “it’s not finished. I thought you might not like it or want to give it your own touch. It won’t offend me if you want to tear it down and start anew. This is only for you. I want you to be happy here.”
“And I have been very good at proving that false,” Castiel added, briefly reliving every moment. He could still feel the stab of the Angel Blades from the Reaper and Lucifer and even the moment his very essence evaporated in that field…Lucifer again.
“Just cake today,” Cas added with a now apologetic smile as Dean tried to hide his displeasure at the woman’s comment. “I suppose we could get a cake and cupcakes since we will have company…Dean?”
“Naomi, shut off your call now!”  Castiel gritted out. She sighed dramatically and rolled her eyes Heavenward and Cas stumbled. Dean grabbed his left arm and helped him back up, assuming the call had stopped.
“Is this what you want, Dean?” Castiel growled out as he brought a hand down to rest on his barely towel clad hip and he pulled away, the faintest blue grace shining deep within his eyes. The sight of it made Dean feel weak in the knees and Cas supported his weight, pressing their foreheads together. “It’s true this is the last law of Heaven I haven’t broken for you. If you want me, then release me from this Hell I’ve been condemned to and make this longing stop. Do you wish for me to break this final law for you? With you?”
Dean studied his face and narrowed his eyes, pausing a moment to collect his thoughts as he crossed his arms over his chest. “What about mom and Sam and Jack? I shouldn’t get special treatment.”
Castiel had experienced many a conversation with Dean about his father over the years. As Dean had aged, his feelings had changed, and he had always allowed himself to be used as a sounding board. “You have been focused on the work for your entire life. I’ve been focused on my orders my entire life…Your father didn’t feel that way until he lost your mother, as you’ve told me. He was wrong to project those feelings onto you, though.”
Sam, luckily, had no idea of his brother’s train of thought. “That’s the fifth case like this in two months. Demonic activity is definitely increasing,” Sam said matter-of-factly as he slid into the passenger seat of the Impala, whipping out his phone and taking notes as the leather seat creaked under him.
“Sober up, Dean. Please,” Castiel said as he stepped further away, leaving Dean alone beside the bathroom wall.
“If you promise to make no threats upon my family….” Castiel added as he glanced back for approval from Sam and Dean for the first time. Castiel raised his eyebrows and tilted his head just slightly in question. Dean knew this would fall into the plan Cas had already been working on, but Sam seemed less sure. Dean nodded to him, and as they stared at one another, they shared a silent message. Castiel waited, looking to Sam. Sam nodded his approval and only then did Cas descend the steps. It seemed that only as his bare feet hit the concrete of the bunker floor did he remember his questionable attire. His hand knotted more tightly in the bundled up sheet at his side and his eyes widened as he faced Mary, Jack, and Sam.
Dean cleared his throat, jarring Cas from his moment. He looked to the others in the room, answering their quizzical looks.. “New sensations. Overwhelming. Let’s not dwell on it…”
Dean’s eyes squinted tighter and his mouth drew up in a line. He seemed to build himself up. He took a deep breath and his back straightened in defiance. “And if we are?”
“Then….then why are you still here?” Dean put a hand on his shoulder then, willing him to look him in the eye.
Cas gave her his full attention, smiling as he gently put a hand on her shoulder. “I’m very happy for you, Claire. Kaia seems very nice.”
“Oh, does your phone not work in the bunker?” Dean said with niggling suspicion inching into his voice.
Dean knew that look and he licked his lips in pretended innocence. “Oh, stop bragging. At least you got to finish.”
“Free Will is a dangerous thing. You know the things I’ve done in the name of doing good that were….” Castiel hesitated before dropping his eyes in shame.
“Which Angel? That will tell me what I need to know…” Castiel said with a glint in his eye as he glanced to Dean.
Cas walked hesitantly over to Dean, lingering just behind him. “Because of you, Dean. You must know that. All of this is thanks to you. You made me want to make Heaven better. You showed me that there was always another way. Heaven is what it is now because of you.”
Dean sat up in the bed and winced as Cas crossed to the bathroom and switched on the light, groaning as the yellowed light hit his face. His face wrinkled in his displeasure as he squeezed his eyes shut. “He’s with mom at the Bunker.”
“Why would I want to put that on you?” Castiel seemed genuinely confused at Sam’s statement and his forehead scrunched in confusion.
Surprised again by Dean's total acceptance, he drummed his fingers on the cardboard nervously. “Yeah, so…we’re okay?”
“He said he had to be brief. I think other Angels can hear this type of communication, or maybe other Angels were nearby,” Jack said as his smile faltered.
Castiel’s jaw tightened and he sighed, tension leaving his shoulders. “Yes. I’ll do whatever I can to help.”
“Cas…” Dean’s eyes brimmed with unshed tears and his eyes widened in unspoken words he truly wanted to say. He opened his mouth to try to struggle out the words, but Cas abruptly stepped closer and Dean forgot how to speak.
“Your resolution was the same as mine…” Castiel said as he looked at the tv. Neither made eye contact but settled in the comfortable silence, their hands clasped. They said nothing until both of their phones buzzed at the same time, startling their hands apart. They both opened the text, showing Sam and Jack’s faces jammed together to take a selfie.
Chuck stood in front of the door of the newly designated training area. The remaining original Angels stood around him in a semi-circle, most looking nervous. A few's faces were what Castiel would have described as having disguised hostility...but he was very much biased against them. He stood directly off to Chuck's side and cut his eyes at the crowd around him. Chuck knew what they had done to Cas, but he’d convinced Castiel they needed their help to train the new ones. Chuck couldn’t be in one place all the time and he reminded Castiel that he knew he’d rather be on Earth, so they didn’t need to be fully reliant on him.
Dean and Cas navigate the new obstacles of Cas' human emotions and needs but when they fail to keep their phones charged, the cavalry rides in to rescue them needlessly and much explanation is in order.
“Nope. No. Sure don’t, and that’s my cue to say I’m taking the other room.” Sam grabbed up his duffel and his toothbrush from the vanity, tossing the bag over his shoulder. “And I’ll walk you and Claire to the desk after I drop off my bag.”
Cas swallowed and looked toward the ceiling, trying to find the courage to say what needed to be said. “You know why. Things with you and I aren’t like how they are with Sam or Mary, are they Dean?”
“Then no!” Dean yelled before Cas gestured to lower the volume and he was reminded at how late it was. He hissed out angrily through his teeth, “You knew damn well I wouldn’t let you go alone so you decided to sneak out. You’re NOT going alone, and that’s the end of it.” Dean was gearing himself up for a fight and he was prepared to drag Jack and Sam into it if he had to. He was ready to put himself between Cas and the stairwell, taking an uneasy step toward it.
Dean took a deep breath, letting it out slowly and choosing his words carefully. “Look, I haven’t seen you in six months. A lot’s happened and…” He shuffled nervously, trying to find the right words.
“I’m Bi, okay?” Dean said it in almost a whisper as he forced his eyes on the road, his neck dewy with sweat.
Sam didn’t say anything but stared at the door Dean had exited, deep in thought. Perhaps Jack was right and he’d been blind to it. If so, he’d been a pretty insensitive bastard during all of this….but how to bring it up?
Cas smiled fondly but shook his head. “I have to drive. They are expecting me to come alone, and the Impala is known by the far reaches of Heaven AND Hell.”
“Well,” Dean scratched the back of his head, “Look, he was in a hurry. I didn’t ask. He booped in. Saved my ass. We talked for a very short minute. He booped out. Period. The point is, he’s okay and he’ll get to come home!” Dean exclaimed at Sam’s doubtful face.
“Well don’t get all emotional about it,” Dean said as he rolled his eyes and Cas let a small smile creep up in the corner of his mouth.
“Come to me,” the voice spoke from the woods. It had to be Castiel. No other voice sounded like that. Dean reached to the small of his back and grabbed at his pistol. He clicked the safety off and walked toward the woods with the gun aimed at the ground, clutched between his shaking hands.
When Castiel and Naomi arrived back, they were met with the seven other Angels left to run Heaven. Castiel knew all of their names but had not spoken to most of them before. Duma was one of the few, but she didn’t have much affection for him. None of them did. The eyes he met were hostile. He met theirs with mutual hostility, this body language poised for a fight in necessary.
Dean rolled his eyes and studied the small bottle before slipping the chain around his neck, pressing his hand gently over it and feeling the soft warmth radiating from it. He guiltily glanced at his phone, toying with the idea of calling Sam but he knew he would also be the voice of reason and insist they come home or he and the others come to them. All good ideas…but Dean wasn’t ready yet and he knew Cas would need time to adjust to this new life. Better to not lay this on the others via a phone call or text. Everything was fine. No one was in danger. It could wait. He laid the phone down on the nightstand and stood up to change. It looked like he’d be camped out here till Cas woke up. He shucked off his pants and over shirt then dug out a pair of flannel pajama pants from the drawer. Better to have some kind of pants on in case he had to jump and run for some reason. He'd learned that the hard way too many times. He looked back to Cas, still dressed from supper and he hesitated a moment before going over and removing his shoes, gently untying the laces and slipping them off his socked feet. He didn’t think he could wrestle off any of the other clothes while he was so out of it but if he was human now, wearing shoes to sleep was tantamount to torture. After he laid the shoes down neatly in the closet, he felt satisfied and crawled back in the bed. As he sat there fiddling on his phone and listening to Cas’ soft breathing beside him, his eyes got heavy. He gently laid the phone back on the nightstand and rolled to his side, throwing a protective arm over Cas stomach, leaving the lights on to help them both move back into wakefulness when the time came. This was a new beginning for them, and an ending as well, but this was what Cas wanted, and Dean could make peace with that. He laid a soft, stolen kiss on the back of Cas, neck as he molded his body to Cas' back protectively and he let himself sleep, if only for a moment.
“Is now really the time to be having one of your hookups, Dean?” Mary said with disappointment as she looked up at him. “How long are you going to keep the poor girl trapped in your backseat?”
Castiel immediately manuevered Dean to sit in front of Chuck and Cas put himself in front of the doppelganger. “Dean…this is…”
The best he could think to do to stop Sam and Jack from having to deal with him was to go. Maybe he could be of some help to Mary and Bobby. He had to be able to help someone or he’d go insane. He couldn’t help Cas, but damn it he’d be useful to someone or die trying.
Chuck shrugged and propped his chin on his hands again as he gestured toward Cas. “Hey, we’ve had this conversation. He’s got free Will. He’s not supposed to, but he does, so he deserves to exercise it. Besides, Castiel, when was the last time you were given a true choice in your future? A choice that wasn’t done on the spur of the moment or done to protect someone else?”
Dean almost rolled his eyes but thought better of it. “Yeah, yeah. Now, what the hell was that?” He said as he looked at the dead creature lying prone on the floor.
“I do like the sound of that,” Dean murmured against his cheek as he caught him in his arms and brought him down to the bed for a long, strong relief-filled hug.
Chuck let the silence sit a moment before adding, “Misguided, but still in a mindset of doing good, Castiel. Yes, I know everything you have done. I’m so sorry I put you through that. I could have stopped you….”
He stretches out on the bed, enjoying the feel of crisp, clean sheets, and gazes at his reflection. The skimpy underwear can barely contain his cock— the reddening tip of it peeks out over the hem, already drooling precome. He starts tensing and relaxing his pelvic muscles, watching the way it makes his dick twitch and strain against the fabric, sucking in a sharp breath as the lacy inseam rubs against his balls. He brushes a thumb over his cockhead and teases the slit, making more precome ooze out, moaning softly at how good it feels.
The demons look just as shocked as Dean feels. They look around in all directions, mouths opening and closing like goldfish. If the situation wasn't so dire, Dean might have laughed at their dumbfounded expressions.
Cas wraps a second towel around the first and puts Dean's uninjured hand on top of it. "Keep putting pressure on it," he orders. "Don't stop. Keep pressing down. I'm calling 911."
It might also have something to do with the company. Nearly all of his favorite people are in the same room, and it’s great to catch up with everyone who walks by their table. Dean gets a kick out of introducing people to Cas, because Cas greets every new person like they’re the freaking Pope, standing up and shaking hands and gazing at them earnestly while saying things like, “Dean speaks very highly of you,” or “I understand you are the proprietor of this establishment.” The look on Bobby’s face when Cas refers to him as Dean’s “surrogate father” is
"No, it's not." Cas starts fidgeting with the hoodie's drawstring, nervously winding it around his finger. "I just… I've been dealing with Jack all day, and when you were able to calm him down in less than two minutes, it made me irrationally angry." He looks down at the floor. "I guess I'm more insecure than I thought."
He doesn’t do that with Cas. Ever since Jack’s crying extravaganza, Dean has been careful, almost gentle with him. Maybe he feels bad about their fight, or maybe he’s decided to treat Cas like a bomb that could go off any second. Whatever the reason, Cas can't help feeling flattered by all the attention, even though it's probably just platonic in nature. Dean hasn't dropped any hints that he's interested in more than friendship, and Cas doesn't want to push, especially if Dean's still "figuring things out." For now, he just enjoys spending time with Dean, and if he occasionally pretends they're on a real date, well, that's nobody's business but his.
Castiel shakes his head. “My father hasn’t contacted me in years, and our mother’s completely fed up with Luke’s behavior. She cut him off from the family money and wrote him out of the will, which I think was a wise decision.”
Dean doesn't. He sucks Castiel to completion (Castiel makes a few noises he didn't know he was physically capable of making) and swallows his release greedily, slurping and making a big show of smacking his lips. Castiel rolls his eyes at the ridiculous display, but secretly he's glad Dean feels comfortable enough to let his guard down like this.
Castiel throws the phone on the bed and runs his hands through his hair, trying to breathe normally. This is insane. How could he and Dean have switched bodies? He knows there are curses and spells that do such things, but why would anyone want to bewitch them? He and Dean rarely interact outside of their bickering sessions once or twice a month; it's not like they're creating a hostile work environment or affecting anyone else's lives. It's probably someone's idea of a prank.
"Love sharing it with you," Dean chokes out, not even caring how cheesy it sounds. "Never… showed anyone else."
Jack smells nice, Dean thinks as he sets the infant on the changing table. What is it about babies that make them smell so good? Probably so the big humans don’t get upset when they poop everywhere. Which Jack does,
He stumbles downstairs, intending to go into the kitchen to start the coffeemaker, but then he catches sight of his couch and stops dead in the doorway.
Dean lets out a noise somewhere between a gasp and a grunt, scrambling to find the edge of the sheet so he can pull it over himself, but it's too late. Cas is standing in the center of the room, a red hoodie dangling limply from his hand, staring at Dean with huge eyes.
He finally puts Jack in his bassinet and leaves him alone for a few minutes. He feels a little better now that the baby isn’t shrieking right in his ear, but then he feels awful
Sighing, Castiel spreads his wings and takes to the sky. He flies silently over the city, which is blanketed in a haze of smog and neon lights, sniffing the air every so often. He'll hunt for a couple more hours, and if his search happens to bring him closer to Dean's school, well, that's a happy coincidence.
“I was banished from Valhalla,” Castiel answers, his voice pained. “Most of my magic was taken away. It’s why I live in this part of the forest. This is an ancient stronghold of the gods, and I can draw upon the power that still resides here.”
Cas' head jerks up, his eyes wide, and heat rushes up Dean's face. “We’re not a couple!” Dean splutters.
Castiel awakens slowly, pleasantly, feeling more well-rested than he has in years. Has his bed always been this comfortable? He stretches out, humming contentedly at the feel of soft sheets against his skin, and lazily opens his eyes.
Cole just rolls his eyes and bends over to unlace his boots. Victor turns to Dean with a "what the hell?" expression.
Once in the kitchen, Jody drops her professional demeanor. “What the hell, Dean?” she demands, voice low but still forceful. “You let a complete stranger sleep here overnight with your kids in the house? What were you thinking?”
“Well, start thinking about it.” Dean wipes off the counter, then leans against it, arms folded. “You’ve been working hard, you should blow off some steam.” His face lights up. “Hey, you should come with me and Charlie to the Majestic tomorrow. It’s Nineties Night.”
5:16 PM: Castiel threatens to confiscate Dean's pen if he doesn't stop clicking it. Dean sulks and starts fidgeting with a pencil instead.
Cas nods, a faint smile on his lips. "I was a little worried they would be rough with him, or not want to be around him at all, but it seems my fears were unfounded."
Missouri gives him a sympathetic smile. “Sorry, honey. I’m driving down to Chicago tomorrow to see my family. But if you have any questions, you call me anytime, day or night.”
“No,” Castiel answers. He’s sitting next to Dean on the couch, hands clasped between his knees. “I… can’t seem to remember anything before the fall. I’m sorry.”
Something huge and winged hurtles past at lightning speed, so close that it ruffles Dean's hair. And suddenly there are only two demons standing in front of him, not three.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, pinching the bridge of his nose. God, he’s so tired. “Go grab one of my t-shirts and some sweatpants.”
Cas sighs and leans into him, hands snaking around Dean’s waist, pulling him flush against his body. Dean widens his stance, just a little, enough so that Cas can slot a thigh in between his, and oh sweet Jesus it’s
"For what?" Cole taunts. "He's a fucking fag, dude. He's not our brother, and he sure as hell doesn't belong here."
"No." Dean blinks back tears. "I just wish I could make him happy, you know? But nothing I do is ever good enough. I'll never be what he wants."
I'm interested in doing tonight." He pauses, and his scent sharpens into an almost unbearably sweet aroma. "But I'm not sure he feels the same way."
"What is it?" she snarls, her tiny claw-like hands wrapping around his throat. "What have you unleashed?"
“No, I mean…” Damn it, he’s blushing again. He needs friggin’ ice packs for his ears. “People usually wait more than five days before they… you know. Decide to be together. For the long haul.”
sitting down?) and Cas’ annoyed expression just makes him laugh harder. Cas puts a stop to that by pushing him backwards onto the couch (Dean definitely does
Something like disappointment flashes across Dean’s face, but it’s gone so quickly Cas thinks he must have imagined it. “Okay, well, we probably won’t head out until like ten or eleven, so if you change your mind, you can always text me.” He claps his hands together. “So, what’ll it be? Mario Kart? Call of Duty? Or we could make your little nerd heart happy and watch that documentary about bees.”
job. No one seems to appreciate him or thank him for his help, and they all treat him like their own personal butler.
He calls Bobby and explains the situation. Bobby, of course, chews him out for not calling the cops, but after Dean tells him that Jody’s on her way over, he calms down and gives Dean the day off.
have some savings. My last livestream made a few thousand on PornHub, and there's a studio in Chicago that wants to hire me for a shoot next month."
Dean’s throat tightens. It’s been almost three years since the accident, but it still hurts to hear those words.
“Obviously,” Gabe retorts. “My landlord would kill me if I brought a kid home. I’m already on his shit list for the whole chocolate fountain fiasco.”
Guilt twists in Dean's stomach. He hates lying to his family, but no one can know how he really spends his weekends. He types out a reply:
He doesn't need to. Cas barely has time to register the sound of footsteps before somebody charges into the room and tackles Luke from behind. The person slams Luke to the floor with a
Dean works as quickly as he can, cursing himself for not investing in better quality tools. Next time, he's splurging on some damn Black & Decker. Ten minutes later, he's finally ripped out a big enough section for a person to squeeze through.
Cas makes him wait until he sobers up a bit, much to Dean's displeasure, but eventually he's able to stand up and walk in more or less a straight line to the bedroom. Cas walks behind him the whole way, hands resting lightly on his hips, keeping him steady. Dean can feel hot breath on the back of his neck and it's making him tingle. This is happening. It's really happening.
“Jeez. You’ve had a tough ride, little man.” Dean offers his pinkie finger to Jack, and the infant's tiny hand instinctively curls around it. “But you’ve got two uncles who are gonna take real good care of you.” He looks up at Cas, eyes narrowed. “Right?”
Dean's no expert, but he can safely say that Cas has the most gorgeous dick he's ever seen. Long, heavy, thick, and cut, nestled in a thatch of dark curls and curving just slightly to the left, it's the sort of cock he instantly wants to get his mouth around, just to see how it tastes, how it feels on his tongue.
Castiel rubs a hand over his forehead. “I just can’t believe it. Luke has always been irresponsible, but this—” He gestures at the bundle. “This is a level of stupidity I didn’t think he was capable of.”
Cas continues to stare at him, eyes dark and piercing, like he’s trying to peer inside Dean’s soul. Maybe he is. So much of Castiel is still a mystery, but Dean can’t wait to solve more of the puzzle.
Even though he knows he's in Dean's body, Castiel keeps expecting to get stopped by security as he walks through the maze of corridors, but they all either ignore him or give him friendly nods. Castiel returns the nods awkwardly, trying to walk confidently like Dean does, like he owns the place. Which he probably does— at least some of it.
“This is pointless,” Cas grumbles as Dean nudges him down the porch steps. “I’m literally going to be worrying the
"Because it's probably the only chance I'll ever get to wear one," Castiel retorts, stepping back to let Dean into the apartment. "Why do
“Really?” Cas frowns. “Holy crap, you’re right. Today’s the nineteenth. I’ve been so busy I haven’t even looked at the date.”
After a moment's hesitation, Castiel picks up the phone and slides his thumb over the answer button. "Hello?" he says slowly. Then does a double take, because his
"Cas," Dean almost moans, feeling his cock swell against his thigh. "Stop torturing me already and get out here."
Dean’s eyes are closed, his face deathly pale, and Castiel kneels beside him, fear threatening to engulf him again. He cannot lose Dean. If he dies, their bond will be severed, and Castiel doesn’t know if he can survive such a loss. If he hadn’t been banished, things might be different, but for now, he’s alone.
The next few days pass in a blur. Cas continues sleeping on the lumpy couch next to Jack’s bassinet, waking every few hours to feed the tiny infant. He’s now perfected the art of stumbling into the kitchen, warming a bottle, preparing the formula, and feeding Jack, all while remaining in a half-asleep state.
Pleased that she’s allowing him to set the pace, Cas smiles and comes forward. “This is Jack,” he says. “He is five days old and weighs eight pounds, three ounces. And he eats and poops a lot.”
Finally Cole pokes his head out of his room, his expression half-annoyed, half-concerned. "What the hell are you
Dean feels his protests dwindle away under those earnest blue eyes. “Fine,” he mutters, feeling his face heat. “I’ll wash, you rinse.”
That night, just as Dean is about to climb into bed, Cas appears in the doorway, Jack in his arms and a frown on his face. "What are you doing?" he asks.
“I’m not taking sides, I’m just saying he’s got a point.” Gabe gestures at Jack. “It’s going to take weeks to track down his mom’s family. And who knows if any of them will be willing to adopt him anyway? To me, it makes sense to keep him with us, at least for now.”
Cas changes Jack as slowly as he dares, glancing at the clock on the wall and trying to estimate how long Dean's been gone. It's only been six or seven minutes. How long does it take to run to Target? Ten minutes to get there, probably ten minutes in the store, then ten minutes back. Too long.
"Dean," Cas cries out, and then suddenly he's coming, muscles locking and back arching as he spills warm and wet over Dean's fist. Dean keeps pumping him firmly, relishing the sight of Cas losing control in all the best ways.
to describe the sight of Dean all spread out like that. Freckled sun-kissed skin, broad shoulders, slender hips, strong thighs…God, what he wouldn't give to bury his face between those thighs, get his mouth around that gorgeous cock…
Dean manages not to roll his eyes, but it’s a close thing. “Jack got used to hearing his mom’s voice all the time before he was born,” he explains. “If we use a higher pitched voice too, we sound a little more like his mom. And that’s good. It makes him happy.”
“Cas,” Dean says, squeezing Cas’ shoulder, hoping his touch will bring him back to earth. “Cas, talk to me. What’s going on? Cole said Jack's been crying for hours."
about the stuck-up little nerd. But he's pretty sure they'll have zero chance of reversing this curse or hex or whatever it is if one of them is dead.
"I know." Dean runs a hand through Cas' thick, soft hair, closing his eyes as the sensations overwhelm him. "I trust you."
Face burning, Dean exits the bathroom. He finds some of Cas' clean clothes and puts them on, careful not to touch any part of himself more than necessary. Then he hunts around the room for a phone, which he eventually finds— a dumb ancient flip phone because of
call the cops, or at least an ambulance. The guy probably has a head injury and a few broken bones. But when Dean asks him if he can sit up, Castiel does so without a single wince or groan. That’s definitely not normal. Is he in shock, maybe?
He walks slowly towards the tree, watching the shape. When he gets closer, he sees that it’s a bird. Its wings are flapping, but it isn’t flying away.
That wipes the smirk off Dean's face. "So," he says, clearing his throat and gesturing to the giant pile of books at their feet. "How should we do this? You take half and I'll take half?"
"Bingo. Water park's a great place to scope out victims, especially if he's targeting kids now." Dean's lip curls. "Sooner I catch this son of a bitch, the happier I'll be."
Gabe looks Dean up and down with a smirk. "Lose the baby and those baggy clothes, and you could make a few hundred a week easy."
“Good.” Dean gives him an encouraging grin. “Let’s get you up. You go blow your nose and splash some water on your face, and I’ll see what I can do to make that cranky little shit calm down. Okay?”
“Okay,” Dean says, standing up and glaring at Gabriel. “Normally I’d say you’re both talking crap, but I
"Whoa," Dean interrupts, clumsily placing his mummified hand on Cas' shoulder. "Breathe, buddy. It's okay. I'm not mad. Just kinda surprised. I didn't even know you could drive."
Dean’s panicking. It’s only three days before Christmas and he still hasn’t figured out what to get Cas. They all agreed that because of the unique situation this year, it would be too much to do the whole gift exchange thing (like Mom said, Jack’s enough of a present for all of them.) But Dean still wants to give Cas something, even if it’s small. He might not be able to tell Cas how he feels, but at least he can show him in some other way, right? If he could just figure out what the hell to get.
"Fuck yes," Dean hisses, pleasure licking up his spine as Cas rubs a thumb over his slit. "Come all over them. Get me all dirty."
Dean seethes silently for a few minutes, but it’s hard to stay mad when he’s got a cute baby in his arms. Jack has fallen dead asleep, apparently all cried out, and he’s making little sucking motions, rooting around until he finds his thumb and puts it in his mouth. Dean feels his anger ebb away. Fuck, he loves this kid. It’s a little scary just how much. Cas, on the other hand? Cas can go suck a lemon. Deep down, Dean knows it’s normal for new parents to get cranky and irritable, but it’s another thing to experience it firsthand.
sound awful but actually kind of works. Charlie’s running around like a headless chicken for no apparent reason, and Jo is
"Very well," Castiel answers, sounding amused. He rises to his feet and leans against the fence, moonlight casting his face in shadow.
not the floor." Castiel grabs Dean by the armpits and hauls him up to a sitting position. This close, Dean can smell his aftershave and see crow's feet at the corners of his eyes. Wait a second... Those are
"Oh. Okay." Dean's insides are shriveling up with both embarrassment and fear. "Listen," he says desperately, "don't— don't tell anyone about this, Cas, okay? Please."
Instead, he gives Cas a grateful nod. "Thanks." He gestures at the two adult wolves. "I'll take care of these."
"I…" Dean takes a deep breath. He can do this. It's just sleeping, that's all. In the same bed. In his t-shirt and boxers. With Cas. Who will also be in a t-shirt and boxers. Or just boxers.
Castiel steps out of his nest. A brief moment of concentration, and he’s shifted into his true form. He spreads his wings and flies off into the woods, scanning the ground with his sharp raven’s eyes. It doesn’t take long to find what he’s looking for.
It's not his face staring back at him; it's Dean Winchester's. Green eyes, chiseled cheekbones and all.
Dean grits his teeth, summons all his remaining strength, and kicks out as hard as he can. His boot connects with something solid and he hears a wet snap, immediately followed by a howl of pain. The wolf staggers backwards, giving Dean just enough time to pull out the knife and sink the blade into the fucker's gut with a satisfying
“He showed up at my apartment an hour ago,” Gabe says. “Said he could be a good dad, he just needs a couple of months to ‘get his ducks in a row.’” He and Castiel both roll their eyes in unison. “First of all, he
It’s bitterly cold outside. Dean curses as a gust of icy wind hits his face, and walks out into the yard to get a better view of the roof. Their house is on the east side of Lawrence in a quiet neighborhood, mostly filled with old people and families. Not the sort of place someone would think to rob. It’s probably just some drunk teenagers playing a prank.
