“John,” the tone was stern and familiar and John looked up automatically, “Tell me what happened.”
Sherlock lowered his head and sniffed at John’s neck, causing the guards to step forward. John pushed Sherlock’s head away with a huff. “Get back with me, you stupid git!” John snapped at Sherlock, turning his head to glare at Sherlock.
John ducked his head sheepishly and gave a soft whine, and Sherlock laughed softly. “Ah, yes, Mrs Hudson would let you out if she thought you needed to go to the toilet,” Sherlock said in clear amusement, and John wagged his tail, glad his Alpha wasn’t mad. “However, you could have been hurt, John. I don’t know what I’d do if you were hurt,” Sherlock continued, voice lowering until only John could hear him, and John whimpered, rubbing his face against Sherlock’s in comfort.
The dot’s position focused in his mind, it only took him two minutes to reach it. Sniffing about, he caught the scent of a gun and poison, and whined, following the scent of the gun into a building. It was odd, there were three people here. Sherlock’s went into the other building, as did the scent of poison, but the gun scent was older. It had clearly come here before this. This was a set up.
John worked silently, noticing the way that Sherlock hardly even flinched, and didn’t once lash out at John despite the pain that he must be in.
Sherlock told him simply, and John huffed another laugh, stroking a hand down Sherlock’s back once more.
It took a few moments, before a soft “
John had been coming out of the shower, towel slung over his waist and on his way to steal some of Sherlock’s clothes for pyjamas, when Sherlock (who had been lying on the bed) gave a startled noise that instantly stole John’s attention. Turning, John’s wings perked curiously, John saw Sherlock staring at his own lap intently. John followed the Dom’s gaze and his wings dropped submissively as he saw Sherlock’s tented trousers.
Sherlock questioned.
John’s stomach growled and his mouth watered in want. Cautiously, John slunk out of the shadows, gazing up at the human, taking in every detail for the first time. He was wearing some kind of black material to cover his skin, though his feet were bare and the material had been rolled up at his forearms. His hair was black curls, and his sharp eyes a piercing blue that seemed to see right through John and straight into his soul. His lips looked soft, and the glimpse of teeth he’d seen when the human had spoken seemed dull. His skin was pale, as if he didn’t spend a lot of time in the sun. And yet, as vulnerable as the human looked, John remembered the strength that was hidden in those wiry muscles as the human had pinned him down with ease. Of course, John had been in a lot of pain at the time and unable to move properly.
John whirled around, wings flaring, to face Sherlock, panic making him sound angry – and he should be angry, furious even! “It’s not that simple! You –
There was another, smaller energy under its chin, John noticed curiously and focused on it. An egg! The dragon must be searching for the Match. No one knew how a dragon chose, and as John watched, he could see the outline of the baby dragon twist and turn in the egg, and point straight at him.
The first date John had tried to go on after Sherlock had been back for a few months, was a disaster. Sherlock had been in a sulk from the moment John started getting ready, and didn’t say a word or look at John as John said goodbye. It had bothered John, and he hadn’t stayed with his date for more than ten minutes before leaving again and picking up takeout on his way back to Sherlock. When it came down to it, John would much rather have Sherlock than go out on a date. It was fine. He could live happily as long as Sherlock was alive and with him.
“Stay silent and you’ll live,” a voice hissed in his ear, accompanied by a gun to his neck, nudging him to stand. “Are you alone?” The girl asked in a yell.
Sherlock soothed, grooming him gently,
Sherlock and John had to acknowledge the fact that they were getting on in their years, and having teenagers at forty was bad enough, so they refrained from having any more pups – as, really, having teenagers at fifty would just be terrible. John went on birth control, and they cherished little Elizabeth and Tyler equally. They were glad that they had had twins, as this way their pups would never be alone in the world.
inscribed on it in black writing. John tilted his head, and Sherlock reached out, sliding John’s head through the middle of the linked chains and then let go. It settled comfortably on John’s neck, not too tight, but tight enough for John to not be able to forget its presence or for it to fall off.
Curious, John wanted to get closer, to know more about this strange Alpha-like human, but he was also wary. Even if it had killed the hunters, that didn’t mean that he wouldn’t harm John.
“You’re getting annoying,” John told Sherlock, still grinning, as his Alpha looked up at him in question, “So I figured I might as well distract you and keep both of us happy.”
John quickly hailed a cab and headed back to his place. He didn’t let go of the egg as he quickly packed his few possessions into boxes and then went and hailed another cab and went to 221B Baker Street. Hesitantly, John opened the door and walked up the stairs and to flat B. He inserted the key hesitantly, half-surprised that it actually worked.
John melted underneath Sherlock, whimpering softly and returning the gentle slide of lips, feeling the love Sherlock was pouring through the bond. He sent back his love, and pulled away from the kiss slowly, smiling in content. “I love you too,” John murmured lovingly.
The human’s mouth curled into a slow smile, and he picked up a non-bloody piece and ate it as John watched. Then, those pale fingers picked up a bloody piece, and offered it to John. As hungry as John was, he was careful in taking the piece, making sure not to even accidentally nip the human’s fingers. And oh, it was absolutely delicious! John’s tail wagged happily on the floor behind him, earning a soft laugh from his Alpha. This went on for a while, the Alpha taking a piece, then feeding one to John.
John had been dozing at the time, but he instantly sat upright at the movement. “Sherlock!” John cried happily, throwing himself at Sherlock wrapping his arms around Sherlock and pressing their lips together.
the only reason you’re courting me?” John queried.
John couldn’t concentrate as Sherlock started rattling off facts about the body and the murderer. It was pure torture to sit there and breathe in that scent with every painful inhale, and Sherlock didn’t notice, at first.
Sherlock’s expression cleared, and he moved away silently, going to his bed and slipping a hand under his pillow, retrieving the white with silver-tipped feather. He wordlessly gave it over to John, and John felt humbled by the fact that Sherlock had kept it under his pillow all these years – even though he couldn’t remember who it was from and had turned into a ruthless Devil.
Mrs Holmes looked at him and gave a nod at her husband and then smiled at him. “Of course,” she said, gently taking Sherlock from him.
It was around two in the morning by the time they trailed into the bedroom, weary, and John lingered by the end of the bed as Sherlock stripped and curled under the blankets.
” he said desperately.
“Piss off,” Sherlock told him with a wry smile.
Sherlock kneeled between John’s legs, and met John’s gaze with an interested expression. “That was… odd. I did not mean to do that,” Sherlock said, voice full of curiosity as he continued to rub their ejaculate into John’s skin.
“Well, uh, Holmes has been demanding you. He’s already terrified most of the staff and none of the nurses will go near him and we think he might have an infection, but no one can get close enough to tell,” Lestrade explained, and John could imagine that the guard was scratching the back of his head.
Sherlock had gradually accepted John going to work until he could become invisible and tag along. John couldn’t wait for the day to come where Sherlock could turn invisible, because then he wouldn’t have to worry about leaving Sherlock home alone all day.
“I-“ John forgot what he was about to say as his eyes found something poking out of Sherlock’s pocket. His mouth went dry. “What’s that?” he asked, voice shaking slightly as he pointed to it.
Sherlock came back after a little while, and John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck, tangling his fingers in the gorgeous dark curls, and smiled up at Sherlock as he was lifted up into Sherlock’s strong arms and chest.
When Sherlock did look up, he glanced around and a small frown creased his brow as when he didn’t immediately see John, then his gaze locked with John’s. Sherlock’s eyes were bright, every colour in them vivid and clear, brighter than John had ever seen them. In the next second they were back to their normal colour, so John dismissed it as a trick of the light. They stared at each other for a few moments, Sherlock scowling at him. He knew exactly what John was doing, and John knew that Sherlock knew. John raised an eyebrow at him, and Sherlock’s scowl deepened before the detective stood up and stalked over to them and corralled John back to the body by sweeping between John and Lestrade and pressing a hand to John’s back.
Woofing softly, John turned and ran happily.
, Sherlock’s voice purred, and odd sensation overcame John, almost like water running over him.
Sherlock’s hand slipped off of John’s belly and covered up the skin once more, before resting on the same spot, just on top of his clothes now.
“I’m going out,” he announced to Sherlock, who was sulking on the couch.
John bent over Sherlock and brushed a curl from his face and planted a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead.
Half way to work, he was sitting in a cab when the sharp headache attacked him. John rubbed at his temples and continued on, figuring it was just his frustration that was giving him a headache.
“John,” Sherlock rasped, his arm lifting up and wrapping around John, squeezing him to Sherlock’s body as his Alpha ran his nose up and down John’s neck. “John,” he whispered again.
John was excited to finally be getting involved in something exciting and he would be helping his mate. Just because he was an Omega – and a pregnant one at that – didn’t mean that he was useless. John was far from that, and he had enough skills as a doctor to be able to help out if there were any injuries. Also, John was smart and a quick learner, and could hold his own in a fight as well. John knew that he could be useful if Sherlock’s instincts took over or got out of control. Having his mate close by would surely help, and John knew Sherlock knew all this, deep down. But, John also knew that Sherlock didn’t like the idea of him being in danger at all.
“Today,” John admitted, trailing kisses up Sherlock’s jaw to his cheek, then traced Sherlock’s cheekbones with kisses, “That’s why I got so scared. Though, it does explain some things. Change of appetite, mood swings, cravings, tiredness.”
John, being young as he was, was curious as the other Angels despaired about the birth of another Holmes’, so, of course, he went to investigate. He pulled his brilliant white wings to his back and disguised himself as a human and went to go visit the Holmes’ mother in the human hospital. If his family knew what he was up to, he would be in big trouble. As a human, John looked around 10 years old (Angels bodies develop slowly – like human’s did - because they had the luxury too, while Devil bodies developed fast), and he faked a story that he was son of Mrs Holmes so that the nurses would let him in. When he slipped into the room, Mrs Holmes was lying in bed, her sleeping child in her arms as Mr Holmes and their other son – Mycroft, John recalled his name to be – were standing and watching from the other side of the bed. All of them looked up, and two pairs of sharp blue eyes flashed over to him, and one a warm brown colour.
John frowned.
“But, I talked to Lestrade at the prison on the phone,” John said with a frown.
John snorted as he realised he was considering accepting a courting from
A rough tongue licked over his wound, then the weight holding him down was gone. John was helpless as he struggled against his bindings, listening in confusion to the sound of screams and growls and gunshots.
Sherlock that he had the best present for him. He couldn’t go back on that promise. He’d made him a friendship bracelet, handmade (no magic this time) with brown and black and white and silver threads – the colours of their wings.
He got a hum in reply and watched as Sherlock closed his eye, waving goodbye with his hand.
Finally, Sherlock pulled back. He stared John in the eye with one last rub to his stomach, before commanding, “Shift.”
Sherlock snorted, rolling his eyes. “Yes, but do you
John snarled in warning, but stepped off of the human as Sherlock gestured for him to, and Lestrade quickly restrained him.
His heart pounded as he saw that the message was from Sherlock, set out in the familiar format from when Sherlock had used to text him instructions back before he’d been kicked out.
John smiled down at him, leaning close to peer at Sherlock’s injuries. The ones on his chest seemed to be healing nicely, and John gently prodded for him to roll over, and then inspected his back and his arms.
“Don’t deny it!” his Alpha snarled, furious, “You ran from me!”
Rubbing at his face with his hands, John headed into the kitchen and made a quick breakfast. He left some meat out for Sherlock on the table, and then got dressed and left, calling out a goodbye to Sherlock. He wasn’t expecting an answer and didn’t get one.
“I’ll be fine, you know,” John assured Sherlock, turning to face his Alpha, “It was bound to happen sooner or later anyway, and I’ve got you with me so I’m good.”
John didn’t go in to visit like Sherlock had asked, and buried all the clothes in his drawers.
Time stood still, and John swore that his heart stopped for a moment. John’s body reacted automatically to the familiar voice – his knees giving out from under him and head tilting to the side to bare his neck. John whined, a keening, heartbroken sound as tears sparked in his eyes, and his hands shook.
until I get my answers,” Sherlock snarled, and squished John to his chest, who reluctantly folded his wings to his back.
A wave of Sherlock’s love washed through him, and John closed his eyes with a happy sigh.
John shivered at the sound of his mate’s deep voice, a sound he hadn’t heard before today for weeks. He’d severely missed the sound of Sherlock’s voice. “Well, you haven’t properly introduced yourself to our pup yet, for one,” John said, raising an eyebrow playfully.
“Hush, John, it’s okay. Just me,” Sherlock soothed him, and John hummed softly in agreement, nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck happily before drifting back off to sleep.
Sherlock’s lips were unmoving under his for a moment, before John suddenly found himself on his back, one of Sherlock’s hands pressing into his stomach and the other gripping his hair tightly and tugging until John tilted his head back and bared his throat. Sherlock settled between his legs, both of them nude, and began thrusting his hips.
“Enjoying my gifts, dearest Omega?” Sherlock asked, a purr in his voice.
He burst out the back door of the club and found Sherlock and the lady in the alley. She was pressed close to him, and John saw a flash of her claws before John raced forward and ripped her from him, throwing her against the floor and pressed his back against Sherlock’s chest, his body tensed as he snarled.
John flew as fast as he could, sniffling. This wasn’t
Today, John was in the clearing –
“You don’t
John received a growl in return, and then he found himself on his back, a long-fingered hand pressing firmly on his throat, and another hand on his vulnerable belly. John was shocked. He’d never exposed his belly to anyone, not even the Alpha that he’d grown up with. John snarled in outrage a moment later, struggling to land any kind of injury on this human, but the hands held him down firmly, and when he tried to cover his exposed genitals with his tail, he received a snarl of warning before the hand on his belly gripped his genitals firmly. John stilled instantly, hardly breathing as the human leant down and sniffed at him. He was sniffed on the throat, behind his ears, along his belly, at his genitals, and finally at his tail. The human took his time too, before sitting back slightly, smelling pleased and approving, his hand sliding to rest on John’s belly once more.
John had ever felt more content then he did now, being hand-fed pieces of met by his Alpha.
John was excited, wiggling slightly.
*.*.*.
If Sherlock had been so close that he couldn’t even tell John and had simply taken control like that, John knew he couldn’t protest. After all, he would much rather Sherlock sent him into his Omega instincts than attacked a whole bunch of guards and prisoners because they’d tried to take John.
“We need to have a bath, my precious Omega,” Sherlock told him, running his hands up and down John’s back soothingly.
Suddenly, Sherlock broke away, and John opened his eyes to find Sherlock’s eyes wide. “Oh!” he exclaimed, his other thumb absently rubbing John’s cheek. “Oh, of course! It wasn’t another man, it was a lady! She went to the clubs, found her victims and lured them out under the guise that there’d be intercourse! Of course!” Sherlock exclaimed excitedly, giving John another quick, searing kiss, before he released John, picking up his phone again and dialling Lestrade. “Tonight, John, we’ll have a different kind of chase.”
“That… that
They were quiet apart from moans and noises of pleasure and the wet squelching noise of Sherlock thrusting inside of him, the love and affection pouring from one mind to the other speaking more than words ever could.
*.*.*.*
John turned away from the window and looked down at the current cause of his parent’s arguing – his bloody and bruised knuckles. John had gotten into a fight (again) with a Dom that had tried to make him submit to him. John had never reacted to a Dom – his wings never lowered, he never felt the urge to lower his gaze or bare his neck. If it wasn’t the fact that John
John looked behind him, to Harry, who gave him a firm glare.
Sherlock was still walking towards him. “Do
It only took a month for the media to move on, and Sherlock and John were left in peace. Sherlock took small cases from Lestrade when the DI was out of the hospital and back to his job, but as John’s pregnancy progressed, Sherlock stayed close to his mate’s side.
They were interrupted by a knock on the door, and John opened his eyes sleepily. He’d been on the cusp of sleep; the emotions that Sherlock had filled him with had made him exhausted. Sherlock snarled lowly at the intruder, but didn’t move except to press John tighter against him.
case? I’m not complaining, of course, as I got to meet you this way, but I’m just trying to understand. Isn’t there anyone that you miss?”
Bringing his hands up, John closed his eyes and wiped away the wetness under his eyes, unable to take Sherlock’s loving stare anymore lest he started bawling, and covered his face as he sniffled softly.
Instantly on alert, John tore his gaze from Sherlock and found a brunette staring at him intently. When their gazes met, she grinned at him, and beckoned him closer. She seemed familiar, but he couldn’t place his finger on it. Darting a glance at Sherlock, torn, he didn’t want to leave his spot in case Sherlock got into trouble, but he was curious. Stilling, he took a deep breath. Last time he’d followed his curiosity, he’d ended up losing Sherlock for almost four years.
John whimpered, torn once more between Sherlock’s command and what he wanted to do. As he always did, he followed Sherlock’s command. John leant over Sherlock and kissed his lips gently. “I love you,” John murmured, almost in physical pain from seeing Sherlock like this.
“You’re normally much happier than this. What’s wrong?” Sherlock questioned as he sucked a mark into the back of John’s neck (as if all the marks Sherlock had adorned him with over the weekend hadn’t been enough).
John agreed, tired but proud.
John wasn’t sure whether he was irritated that he thought John might be wasting his time and taking an unnecessary risk, or that he didn’t know what John was trying to tell him. “Where do you keep the feather I gave you?” he asked. When Sherlock gave him a blank look, he prompted, “The one I gave you when you were born? I highly doubt you’ve gotten rid of it.”
John was eating dinner when he really started feeling ill. He didn’t feel like eating the gourmet meal from Sherlock that he’d heated up. His stomach felt like it was cramping, and his face was flushed when he caught a glimpse of himself in the reflection. Frowning, he wiped his forehead and, sure enough, a layer of sweat was covering him.
“No, no. A job’s a job, after all,” John said, containing his excitement at being able to see his Alpha again so soon.
“Good,” Sherlock sighed out, sounding content. “Now, go. Before they get even more suspicious. I’ll see you soon.”
“Mm, good boy,” Sherlock purred, the hand on John’s stomach rubbing the ejaculate into John’s skin, “Come.”
“I don’t know,” John admitted, pressing kisses along Sherlock’s jaw and pressing his belly more into Sherlock’s palm.
Sherlock’s hum reached his ears, but he stayed in his slumped, defeated position. He could hear Sherlock making his way over to him, and looked up with a sigh. His wings twitched as Sherlock drew closer, and Sherlock crouched down in front of John, and produced something from his pocket. John drew in a sharp breath. It was his feather. The one he had given Sherlock when the Devil was born.
*.*.*.
“Oi! Hang on, Sherlock,” the older human protested, “You can’t just bring your pet along to crime scenes! He’d tamper with the evidence!”
“You’ll have to kill us first,” Sherlock pointed out, and John could have cursed him. What was he doing?
When they arrived at the flat, Sherlock flew off of his shoulders and turned into a human and roughly shoved him inside and up the stairs, ignoring John’s protests. He shoved John into the bedroom and onto his back on the bed, crawling over him, eyes flashing.
John snarled and pinned the human down easily, flinching as there were several loud shouts that echoed in the spacious den. John crouched down over the human, teeth bared and hackles raised. He had no idea what was going on, but he knew that his Alpha had been trying to capture the human under him.
you?” Sherlock demanded sharply, his eyes fixing on John’s face, his grip tightening on his wrist.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And here I was thinking that you’d picked a dull Omega, brother,” Mycroft said in amusement, smirking.
Twenty minutes later, the police excused themselves with nothing to show for their search. DI Dimmock apologised for the inconvenience, then thanked him for being so cooperative, and told him to call if he saw Sherlock Holmes.
Sighing, he lay down in the middle of the clearing, resting his head on his folded arms, lying on his back and closing his eyes to enjoy the sunshine – so rare for London. He had watched Sherlock, from the safety of his clouds, over the years that had passed. Sherlock had become one of the most feared and ruthless Devil’s known – very close to exceeding that of his father, and John wished the young boy that was his friend would come back. Sherlock had been so sweet. He supposed he could be blamed for that.
He ended up on the outskirts of the forest, loping through the trees and glancing at the occasional human dwellings that he saw every now and then. They were few and far between, surrounded by fences that encased large swathes of land.
Sherlock’s eyes opened instantly and he sat upright, swinging his legs off of the bed and staring at John intently.
“No,” Sherlock chuckled once more, “But it was fun, wasn’t it?”
is your pet?” he asked, voice sounding slightly faint, “he’s huge!”
“Alright, good. I’ll change some of these bandages. Whilst I do, tell me something about yourself,” John said, meeting Sherlock’s gaze with a smile as he reached into his medical bag and produced a roll of bandages.
John and Sherlock made up a story about adopting the kids, though Mycroft seemed incredibly suspicious when he came to see them, but was too scared to say anything different with both John and Sherlock glaring at him.
John could feel the smile against his neck. “Almost. I’m close. Just a bit longer. This break away will allow me to stay exactly where I am for the time I need to take down the leader and break this ring for good,” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock smiled at him and tugged him down so they were sitting, backs pressed against a tree trunk, and Sherlock released his grip on John’s hand to wrap an arm around his shoulders, tugging John so he was curled into the Alpha’s side comfortably. “I like that you’re not a traditional Omega, John. It’s refreshing and nice,” Sherlock said, tilting his head and pressing his nose lightly into John’s hair.
John was seventeen and nervous. He was finally of age to attend the Games. Every Omega and Alpha waited and waited until they could attend. It was held every two months, and lasted for a week and ended on the night of the full moon. It was the easiest way to find a mate, especially for Alphas. Alphas would compete in the games to show off their skills and strength, and the Omegas would watch.
Mike’s eyes widened and he reeled back slightly, obviously in shock. Then, his eyes narrowed and his wings puffed up, and he shot forward before John could react, socking Sherlock in the jaw with his fist.
Sherlock hummed, “Because I am.”
After a few minutes of Sherlock clutching him and John clutching the small dragon back, John let out a breathless, giddy laugh. “That was brilliant. You promised me an explanation,” John said, pulling back slightly to look down at Sherlock as the dragon gazed up at him in amusement.
A few hours later, John received a phone call from the prison, and he cautiously picked up, greeting cautiously, “Hello, Dr Watson speaking.”
John blinked slowly and met the human’s gaze for a few long, tense seconds, before he dropped his gaze and his tail, walking forward until he was at the human’s feet. There, he sat, and rested his head cautiously on the human’s thigh.
“Simple,” the words came from his mouth, but John wasn’t the one saying them and it really was an odd feeling. “You were clingy to try and seem as interested as possible, and yet sometimes when you visited your lipstick was smudged, with the briefest hint of cologne and sweat lingered around you. You never let me see your phone, and sometimes you would call me by a different name.”
John didn’t even hesitate before nodding his head eagerly. In this state, he’d do anything for his Alpha.
Sherlock turned away case after case to stay with John, as John’s belly was now so big that it was fairly obvious that he was pregnant. They basically locked themselves in the flat, except for Sherlock’s trips to and from the shops to get things for John.
Behind him, Sherlock grumbled sleepily, and John opened his eyes and tilted his head to look at Sherlock. Sherlock opened his eyes sleepily and yawned, then, casually as if Sherlock owned every part of John and was entitled to, Sherlock slid his hand down John’s body and into his pants, to wrap around John’s hard cock. John whimpered at both the feel and the casual possessive touch, eyes falling closed as his hips tried to thrust up, but were held in place by the tight grip Sherlock’s second pair of wings had on them.
John just shook his head mutely and suddenly took off, flying away as fast as he could. He needed to stay away from Sherlock. He couldn’t risk Sherlock getting hurt. He just couldn’t.
John laughed. “Yes, Sherlock. I’m not blind. I know you’ve marked me out at yours. You could have just asked me out for a date, you know,” John told Sherlock in amusement, watching as Sherlock’s pale cheeks heated.
*.*.*.*.*
“Do I know you?” Sherlock asked slowly, frowning as he advanced on him.
“I am,” John acknowledged with a smile, leaning a little closer to her. “You don’t think I’m a little old for you?”
Hence, why he was nervous. He was one of the youngest of the Omegas, but the Alpha didn’t seem that much older than himself. Twirling the flower in his fingers, licking his lips nervously, John was leaning against a tree and debating, his eyes glued to Sherlock’s (he’d found out his name from some of the other Omega’s just earlier) form as he lounged against a tree a few metres away as he read. John didn’t know if Sherlock knew he was here or not, but John was still trying to pick up his courage. He’d seen the long list of flowers that Sherlock had acquired, but they were all in various shades of blue or white, which was why John had gone and searched for hours until he’d found the flower that he wanted. It was black in the centre, and then went to yellow, with the rest orange. It was gorgeous and unique and hard to find. But, that was his point, after all. He’d wanted something special, and he’d gotten it.
John had been sent out shopping whilst Sherlock thought about the case back in the flat, gathering food they needed for the next few weeks, as well as some things Sherlock had wanted him to get for his experiments.
“Something wrong with that?” John asked, raising an eyebrow. He wasn’t, of course, but it was fun to tease Sherlock a little.
*.*.*.*
Sherlock gave a groan, and John instantly sat on the bed and grasped his hand. “Sherlock,” John whimpered. “Should I take you to hospital?”
Sherlock’s voice drifted into his ears. It was really odd, he was feeling Sherlock’s feelings, but he was also still in his body, staring at Sherlock in awe.
He couldn’t help from being aroused by Sherlock’s primal Alpha side, and couldn’t help from slipping into his own Omega side.
, alright? So just leave me be!”
“Sherlock?” John murmured softly, tilting his head back to look up at Sherlock.
“There-there are plenty of wings like mine,” John bluffed, flicking his wing away from Sherlock’s hand.
By lunch time, he’d bought a sandwich for Sherlock and was at the prison, trying to contain his excitement.
“You’d never get him to stay cooped up in a flat,” Mycroft said bluntly, regaining a bit of strength back.
At twenty, he was strolling through London when he saw a dragon ahead. Surprised, John stilled and gazed at it. It was gorgeous, and a fire-red colour. At its side was a woman, her hand resting on the dragon’s neck. Curious, John shifted into the energy world and stared at it in awe. Wow. He’d never seen a dragon in the energy world before, and the colours were so bright and pure!
Now that the shock was wearing off, John reached for the soap as he thought everything over. He didn’t know how this was possible, but the more that he thought about it, the more he warmed to the idea. Of course, he had no idea how Sherlock would react, but he hoped Sherlock would accept this.
“No!” John cried, feeling tears sting his eyes, but he blinked them away furiously. He couldn’t let them hurt Sherlock. He bit his lip. “Alright. I’ll go tell him,” he said, his voice wavering.
John took a step back out of shock. It was the pencil he had made for Sherlock. “May I?” he asked softly, looking up at Sherlock.
They loved their little puppies, and treated them well, giving them all that they could. They stayed in Baker Street even after their pups moved out. They lived a long and happy life together.
John had no doubt it would have escalated into one, if not for the human protesting underneath him, “Hey! Get this thing off of me!”
John relaxed, his head resting against Sherlock’s chest, and he tilted his head to look up at the Alpha, smiling. “You’re not a traditional Alpha, either. It’s nice,” John told Sherlock, pleased when he saw a smile spread across the Alpha’s face.
When Sherlock got there, he rewarded John with a kiss, and John smiled happily, keeping a grip on her.
Sherlock’s hand on the back of his neck tightened, and then Sherlock started moving his hips. Slowly, at first, as he brought his cock all the way out and rubbed the head against John’s lips, and then all the way back in. Then, his pace got quicker and his thrusts got shorter. John kept his gaze up on Sherlock, entranced by how handsome Sherlock was like this.
They bought nursery things, and set up a cot in their bedroom, and turned the upstairs bedroom into a nursery, sure that Mrs Hudson wouldn’t mind. They bought a whole bunch of baby things, though it was mostly Sherlock at the shops sending pictures to John, who would either agree or disagree.
“But nowhere near as interesting as you, my precious Omega,” Sherlock purred, slipping one hand underneath Sherlock’s shirt and jumper and rubbing his stomach gently.
John gave a happy giggle and grasped Sherlock’s hands, wrapping them around his belly. He knew he had quite possible become pregnant from his heat, and he relished that, and then became sombre a moment later. Sherlock was a wanted man. A wanted man who’d escaped jail.
Like John, she was average looking. Average height, average weight, pale skin, blue eyes and blonde hair. She could quite easily have blended into any crowd. There was something about her though… Something that was bothering John.
Folding his wings away, he smiled at Sherlock, only to find him wrapped up in his wings too. Excitement coursed through him as he waited. Finally, Sherlock folded his wings away and grinned at John, and they both held out their pencils for the other.
“Yeah, we think he was trying to track you down,” Lestrade told him.
Sherlock murmured, tenderly licking the skin he’d bitten.
John stared back at him, unfazed. “Because just going
was your first thought?” he asked, shocked.
With a few more thrusts, his knot inflated and caught inside of John, joining them together at the same time that Sherlock bit down hard on John’s scent glands and bonded them together for life.
Sherlock hummed, turning his head and kissed John sweetly, causing John to melt into his mate’s body and lips. “I’ll take care of you, John, just like I always do,” Sherlock promised him, then lowered his head and kissed John’s round belly, “And you, little one, I’ll take care of you, too.”
John walked (limped) into the flat, behind Sherlock, gaze fixed on Sherlock, hardly aware of the presence of the landlady. When Sherlock had invited him to the flat, he hadn’t thought that it was a place that Sherlock was looking at buying. Did that mean that Sherlock was inviting him to move in with him once again? He knew that it was unlikely that Sherlock had forgiven him just yet.
“No, thank you,” John told Mrs Hudson with a slight smile.
“Anything for you,” John whined out, almost desperate.
John spent most of his time with Sherlock from then on, and hardly ever went back home. Of course, he had to go back home occasionally, but not very often. As promised, Sherlock took care of him. John would have to go back to his house at dinner time, and would eat the meagre scraps from the fridge, then he’d go to his room, crawl out the window and crawl into Sherlock’s room. Sherlock would always leave his window open for John, but they would close it as soon as John arrived, and then Sherlock would sit John down on the chair and feed him a warm, delicious dinner one mouthful at a time until John was full. Then, they would stay up for a while, talking or doing homework, and then they’d crawl into bed together and fall asleep.
“I refuse to be courted simply for the fact that I’m an Omega,” John responded, lifting his chin defiantly.
Tilting his head back, John captured Sherlock’s lips with his own and humming happily. The panties had gotten discarded at some point, and were quite possibly unable to be saved. John was so completely happy and content right now, and couldn’t bring it in him to care that he was going to need to do a whole heap of cleaning up today. For now, he just wanted to bathe in being wrapped in Sherlock’s arms and pressed against his Alpha’s body.
John waved him over and waited until Sherlock joined him on the couch before speaking. “I saw a lot when I went on tour in Afghanistan,” he told Sherlock with a shrug. “Lots of violence and anger, more bodies than I can count, and supernatural beings. Freaked me out at first, but werewolves are quite frankly the most peaceful of the lot. Besides the whole marking thing, they’re easy enough to get along with.”
Sherlock looked pleased, and bent his head, closing his eyes as he let his nose trail along John’s neck as the Omega shivered and his eyes fluttered at the sensation and he heard Sherlock inhale deeply.
“Oh?” Sherlock asked curiously, resting up on his elbows.
“Work,” John grumbled, “Busy.”
“Mycroft?” Sherlock demanded.
Yet again, Sherlock came looking for him within an hour of John transforming. John had stashed the clothes from last time and was wearing the same thing this time. There were more people around this time, which John was grateful for, as it let him blend into the crows and slip away without Sherlock seeing him. He hated that he was deceiving his Alpha like this and running from him, but he couldn’t bear facing the possibility that Sherlock would want him to leave after finding out.
“Mike!” John shouted, angry now, “That’s enough!”
and John loved Sherlock and would do anything to please his nineteen year old boyfriend, even if it hurt. John could feel the blood running down his back, and dripping onto the covers below him. But the words Sherlock was soothing him with made it worth it, and he bore it until Sherlock lifted the knife from his skin.
John tried to raise them again, but it was like they had a mind of their own and refused to listen to him. Looking back to the Dom, he saw that the other boy had turned to face him and was watching him with piercing blue-grey eyes.
“Hush,” Sherlock soothed him, leaning up and kissing him tenderly, despite the lust and arousal rising rapidly between them.
! You don’t
The first time John slept over Sherlock’s house, it hadn’t been planned. It was eight o’clock, and all the lights had already gone out in Sherlock’s house, but John didn’t care. Only a few minutes earlier, John’s parents had yelled at him, blaming him for his sister’s constant disappearances. John had retreated into his room, fell down onto his bed and lay there for only a moment before deciding that he couldn’t stand to be in this house for a moment longer. Opening the damned creaky window, John slid out, his wings trembling from his emotions just like his lower lip, and raced over to Sherlock’s house. John scaled the wall and eased the window to Sherlock’s bedroom open (he knew which one it was because of how often he was here) which, unlike his, didn’t creak at all, and slid inside and shut it behind him.
John shrugged and gave a smile. “Maybe I’m just special,” he said, teasing slightly.
smart. More so than you can imagine.”
John sent to Sherlock, and even his mental voice was trembling.
John’s eyes widened and he shook his head mutely, backing away. Whilst he could understand humans, he didn’t know how to talk like one.
“Oi! Get your hands off, mate!” Mike snarled from above, and John looked up through watery eyes to see Mike scowling fiercely and looking prepared to fight.
Sherlock’s tone was not one to be argued with, so, without opening his eyes, John opened his mouth and licked at whatever was in front of him obediently. It was a little salty and tasted funny, but John was far too blissed out to care, and lapped at whatever it was until all he could taste was Sherlock’s palm.
“And I told you it was fine!” Sherlock snapped, obviously having been stewing over this for the entirety of the time in which it had taken John to make it home.
John snorted, but he was smiling, flattered by Sherlock’s compliment. “You big softie,” John teased, tilting his head back and kissing Sherlock.
John crouched beside the bath once more. It was filling quickly, which was pleasing, and John waited in silence with Sherlock sitting beside him until it was filled almost to the brim. John quickly turned off the taps and scooped Sherlock up and stepped in with him, sinking down into the water with a content sigh. Sherlock settling in his lap, before shifting a few minutes later and draping across his chest, head on John’s shoulder and wings spread and floating in the water.
’,” John hissed, annoyed, “I’m not some fragile flower!”
wolf. You’re a human,” he told John, though he didn’t seem quite so certain, and his tight grip on John loosened slightly.
John shuffled closer until he was situated between Sherlock’s spread legs. Sherlock reached down and carded his fingers gently through John’s feathers, causing John to sigh blissfully, eyes half-closing. “I want to try something, John,” Sherlock murmured above him, “Will you let me? Do you trust me?”
She sounded excited to see him, moving straight on from the murder. John watched her carefully. He’d lived with Sherlock long enough to control his body to conceal things, so he smiled at her and said, “Yes, he’s going to solve it. He
John nodded his head and said a quick goodbye before hurrying out of the room before he could be persuade to stay longer by his gorgeous mate. He reported his findings to Lestrade, and then went off home to talk to Mrs Hudson.
Back at Sherlock’s flat, they discussed everything. Turns out, Sherlock’s parents had basically kidnapped Sherlock and they’d gone to the other side of the world. They’d tried to marry Sherlock off to some Sub, but Sherlock had refused. They’d intercepted every one of the letters Sherlock had tried to send to John, and undermined every one of his attempts to escape. Until, one day, Mycroft had stood up to their parents and helped Sherlock escape back to London.
John, in return, told Sherlock everything – his depression, suicidal thoughts, everything. Sherlock had been distraught, and they spent the remainder of the night cuddling and reassuring each other with physical contact.
John whined, desperate, and pointed his nose at the rabbit, yipping softly.
John blinked in surprise. But he was born from a wolf family. Pure wolves. He glanced behind him at Sherlock and saw that he looked confused too, but was better at hiding it.
A few minutes later and Sherlock murmured groggily, “John?”
Then a human approached. John had stopped counting the days by then, but he knew that he was fading quickly and that he would more than likely die here. The sound of boots walking up the hill towards him took a few minutes before it processed in John’s delirious brain, and he blinked his eyes open, ears pricking. He had accepted his fate by this point and was lying down as comfortably as he could, but he would rather die of infection than let a hunter get him.
John’s eyebrows furrowed, and he breathed softly, “For what?”
“What caused it?” John questioned, incredibly curious as to what had given Sherlock his first erection.
“Yes,” John answered without hesitation. John trusted Sherlock completely. Sherlock was the only Dom who John had ever liked or reacted to, and John wanted him to be the only one.
Sherlock frowned. “What smell?” he questioned, confirming John’s previous suspicion  that the humans couldn’t smell it.
He opened his eyes slowly and watched as Mycroft took off. He looked back at Sherlock, resigned.
“Er, hello,” John said with a slight nod, looking up at his mate with a raised eyebrow. Why was he here? Wasn’t Sherlock supposed to be undercover for this case?
John winced, and although he knew Mike was just trying to look out for him, now was not the time. “Mike,” John protested weakly, his voice soft and still shaking from all his emotions, just like his wings.
“How so?” Sherlock questioned him.
John whined in pleasure, and Sherlock shuddered.
“Sherlock?” John asked hesitantly, making his way over to the bed.
. But, John didn’t protest or complain. Because this was
John blinked, frowning. Was it possible for dragons to speak aloud? John hadn’t thought so, but then again, he only knew what Sherlock had told him.
Later that night as John sat on his bed, cane resting against the bed near his bedside table with a mug of tea and an apple on top of it – which he likely wouldn’t eat (he hadn’t eaten much since he’d left Sherlock and he’d lost a lot of weight) – he was staring at the wall, thinking, when his phone pinged with a text. Surprised – not a lot of people had his number, only Sherlock and Mike actually – John blinked himself out of his thoughts and dug his phone out of his pocket and unlocked it.
John assured Sherlock, and tore his gaze away from the mirror and turned the shower on.
“Glad to know they didn’t get an idiot to work on me,” Sherlock remarked, his grip relaxing enough to allow John to sit up slowly.
“Don’t have to know. I can take care of you fine without their help or knowledge,” Sherlock interrupted him, voice firm. Sherlock seemed to have already made up his mind on what was going to happen, and John’s wings shivered pleasantly where they were tucked up against his back.
John shook his head. “I didn’t go to war,” John told Sherlock.
John carefully laid himself down on the bed, tucking himself under Sherlock’s arm and curling into his side, eyes closing as he silently wept and prayed to a god that he didn’t believe in, that Sherlock didn’t die.
to eat, that’s an order,” Sherlock told him sternly, and John nodded his head reluctantly.
“I was just calling to tell you that Sherlock Holmes was found this morning around your old house and we’ve got him back in custody,” Lestrade informed him.
Sherlock was half-sitting, legs curled up and John was resting against Sherlock’s chest with Sherlock’s legs providing a barrier between John and the stranger.
John faded in and out of consciousness for a long time, aware that he was being tended to, and that he was lying on the comfiest thing he had ever slept on, but nothing more than that. Sometimes, he would hear the low rumble of a voice, and it was comforting.
It felt natural for him to be bare-chested, and for Sherlock to be so as well. It was much easier to for them to fly away and not have to worry about breaking a shirt or jumper. Quick escape. John felt Sherlock start to guide him backwards, and John didn’t bother to open his eyes, knowing that Sherlock wouldn’t let him fall or trip.
get a reaction – a small twitch of Sherlock’s hand – and John shushed him soothingly, quickly hurrying to the door and heaving the desk in front of the doors, and then the bedframe.
Hackles raised, ears pricked, he heard Sherlock and an elderly male talk in the other building, goading Sherlock into taking a pill. John rushed through the halls, pausing as he located the scent of the gun. It was a sniper, ducked down low with the barrel of the gun just barely out the window, trained on Sherlock.
As promised, the next gift arrived the next day. When he got up in the morning, an envelope was waiting on his bedside table, addressed to:
“Nothing. It was never meant to get this far. There was an underground murder ring in the prison, and I needed to get into it. So, I roughed up a few Alphas, nothing serious. Stole a bit – things that I did return, by the way. The DI that I was working with – Lestrade – was the only person who knew what I was doing, but, unfortunately, an accident on the job caused him to go into a coma. Keeping the knowledge to one person ensured that the murder ring had no idea what I was doing, but now Lestrade is… out of action, I could be stuck in prison for a while longer,” Sherlock explained quietly, and then sighed, nuzzling into John’s neck and closing his eyes.
Whilst Alpha instinct driven Sherlock was lovely, now was not that time. John met Sherlock’s gaze and kept it until Sherlock blinked rapidly, intelligence once again gleaming in those eyes. Sherlock had obviously slipped into his instincts again when the stupid guards had broken into Sherlock temporary territory.
“Wait!” he said, and reached under his shirt and winced slightly as he pulled out a long, white, soft feather. “Here,” he said, holding it out.
“Sarah!” He shouted, pissed, fists clenching at his side, wanting to hit her. His gaze caught a flicker of black in the fire, and he knew Sherlock was safe in there so long as Sarah didn’t see her.
John carefully broke the seal and opened the envelope.
Reading the words over and over, John memorised them, and then set the letter aside and picked up the box. It rested comfortably in his palm, the dark green box contrasting with the yellow bow that tied it together. Carefully, John tugged on one end of the ribbon and it easily came undone. Lifting the lid, John couldn’t contain his gasp. Inside, was a set of dogtags, made out of what looked like white gold. Lifting it with shaking hands, John saw there were two rounded rectangle tags. One had ‘
Sherlock had woken up one day in a cold sweat and heart palpitations. Mrs Hudson had phoned John to tell him that Sherlock was having a suspected heart attack, and that he should meet them at the hospital as soon as possible because Sherlock was weakly vomiting and the paramedics were on their way and it was the furthest John had ever felt from his practice because how could Sherlock be having a heart attack? How could he have not seen that Sherlock was at risk of one?
SH: It was.
The book-dropper tilted his head, and Sherlock mirrored him. He was shorter than the average man, with jet black hair that was so well gelled Sherlock wondered if it would crack should he bend a strand of it. Throughout all the novels Sherlock had ever read, he'd never encountered a set of eyes as black as the ones scouring him. A gulp dissolved in the back of his throat as the wide black holes bore into his own blue ones.
“And you’re not selfish. Not even a little bit. I’m a dick, John. I know I am, but you bring out the best in me and you were hurting too. You had your own problems.”
- indigospacehopper x
“But you’ve never outwardly told me.”
As he attempted to calm himself down, his phone started to go off in his pocket. The vibration was a reminder that he wasn't enclosed, as was so often his irrational fear when suffering from a panic attack. He was getting much better at dealing with them though, and most of the time they merely caused him to be short of breath for a bit, in comparison to the vomiting he used to undergo.
“We almost argued,” Sherlock replied. “But then I just… I couldn’t be bothered for the hurt. Angst is incredibly boring and I’m getting too old. So I told him.”
“Yeah, he’s fine. He’s been sleeping for most of the day. Yeah. No. It’s really not a good idea, Mrs H. Sherlock’s got it and I tested positive when I was last at work. No, I don’t have any symptoms. Asymptomatic. We can do our own laundry, but thank you for the offer. Nah, he’ll be fine. You know what he’s like. Okay. I think Sherlock will be fine in a couple of days so he’ll pop down to keep you company once he’s passed the seven day mark. Alright? Alright. Keep yourself safe. See you soon.”
“I didn’t realise how ghastly that wallpaper is,” he said, running his hand along it. “I suppose my landlord hadn’t met his soulmate when he decorated.”
They were aware they were being looked for. The cake was ready and the band were becoming agitated. Mrs Hudson and Mrs Holmes were on the prowl, trying to find where Sherlock and John had disappeared to.
Sherlock had his head rested on John’s shoulder now, his eyes closed as he breathed heavily, his hand squeezing John’s tightly.
“You’ve clearly deleted Harry Potter, then,” he said, and Sherlock frowned.
His curiosity captured, Sherlock reached over and picked it up, letting the pen roll off and fall to the floor.
John felt Sherlock tense beside him as a second shiver ran through him. No one else seem to notice.
Sherlock stole a bewildered glance at Mike, who shrugged his own confusion.
John shook it carefully, eyes narrowed.
“Repay me?” Sherlock repeated slowly. “Repay me for what? We split the rent-”
He looked up at the darkening sky, squinting at a gull as it flew overhead. He sighed quietly, mustering any small amount of strength he had to greet John’s argument and compose his own without accidentally offending John more than he already had done that day. Sherlock turned to look back at John, then launched into his proposed execution of the brewing debate.
Sherlock nodded slowly, more than a little bit confused.
“What, don’t you like John?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock wondered to himself, just as whatever it was poked the base of Sherlock’s neck with something wet and cold. Sherlock’s breath hitched. The sand paper was dragged against his face once more.
“No, Sherlock. The whole time I thought only of myself. Of how much I hurt. I didn’t think about how awful it was for you, what you had gone through. What had driven you to that-“
“Sherlock, you make sure you tell me if John upsets you. If you don’t tell me, I’ll know anyway. I don’t want to see you get hurt again.”
Sherlock yelped and lost her balance, falling backwards into the stream as John tumbled with her. John's firm, small hands were pressed against Sherlock's bony shoulders, and both girl laughed heartily, the water breaking around Sherlock's hair as she sprawled out.
“No. Well, who doesn’t love a good murder?” He sighed. “I enjoy the puzzles. Putting it together. Why did Mrs Jones kill Mrs Clark, and so on. How they did it? Even more so.”
- indigospacehopper x
How could Sherlock trust him so much? A man who had beaten him to a pulp?
“Oh, god, Sherlock. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry for all of this.”
Sherlock stopped dead when he heard a crash, then a bang, and then a loud thud from the kitchen. The wolf growled at something, then trotted back in, holding a box of paracetamol in his mouth. It dropped the paracetamol into Sherlock’s lap, then sat down and watched him, it’s tail thumping on the ground again.
They kissed slowly, softly, with all the gentleness of a flower petal fluttering down towards a bed of fluffy grass.
“I still don’t quite know-“  John started, but Sherlock cut him off with a curt nod at the police officer, who had stopped typing to take a picture of the house furthest down the street, which leaned on the back of a beer garden.
Sherlock hadn’t been proud of that relationship. Not because of the man’s job or even because the man had a wife and four children at home, but because Sherlock had wished it could have become more.
Sherlock could hardly register what he was hearing, but he knew that what he was being told paled in comparison to the bruise swelling on his arm.
Now it had vanished. It had faded out of existence like mist across a pond; one moment it was there, so prominent and so undulating, and the next moment it was like it had never there at all.
"Bundle up all the paper by the window," Sherlock ordered, throwing this collection of toilet paper onto the floor, and then watching as John did the same.
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He looked towards the window, but the curtains were drawn.
Molly shook her head.
She handed Sherlock a folded up piece of paper, through which Sherlock could see various blocks of colour that had almost soaked through to the opposite side.
Sherlock gripped John’s hand a bit tighter, taking a deep breath.
“Sorry, how do you know?” He asked, apparently confused. “Did you tell Mike I was here or something?”
John meanwhile eyed him uncertainly, his brows furrowed.
Sherlock’s throat went very dry.
"I was told you were different," John said, still chuckling to himself. "I just didn't expect you to start a fire and carry me out of a building."
“No,” John agreed.
- indigospacehopper x
"Never tell anyone about that," he seethed as he recompose do himself. Sherlock raised his hand and drew an 'X' across his chest, and John sighed, leaning against the wall. Then, to Sherlock's own confusion, he began laughing.
“Okay. Fine,” she said haughtily. “Fine. But I will send up cake.”
Honestly, if he’d known how good Sherlock was he’d have initiated a relationship years ago. Sod the politics, sod Moriarty, and sod every single thing that had ever stood between them. John was the happiest he’d been in years.
Mrs Hudson pursed her lips. Her foot hovered over the second step, her hand gripped the bannister. She looked ready to argue with John, but when it was clear John wasn’t going to backdown she relented.
That was a lie. Sherlock saw it clearly. The hesitation in his voice was the only confirmation he needed; the stumbling over the rushed words like a river over rocks. Along with the picking at his cuticles as he shuffled his weight onto one foot from the other, it was easy to see just how anxious really John was.
“Mrs Hudson!” He yelled.
“You know you’re not a burden, right? I mean, I’m not spending time with you because we’re worried about your drug habit. Well, that is part of it but I think…” he faltered, looking away, catching himself before he voiced the unthinkable. “Doesn’t matter.”
“I’m not even sure you are a wolf,” he said, scratching the wolf’s ear again. “Maybe you’re just a big dog.”
Mrs Hudson instantly relaxed.
"Meaning I'm dangerous." He finished quickly, desperate to change the subject. "Can I go now?" He asked hurriedly, jabbing his thumb over his shoulder towards the door.  His meetings with Mrs Merriweather took place on the first Tuesday of every month, and they were always the worst Tuesday's in existence. Therefore he always attempted to make them as short as possible.
Grey clouds clung to the sky as planes cut through them on their descent to Heathrow airport. John watched Sherlock with fixed interest, waiting for an answer.
Grey.
Heavy rain swept across the sea, a grey swarm of locusts blocking the horizon as they hurtled towards the beach.
Sherlock reappeared in the room, clutching a small green box with ‘First Aid’ stamped across it in large white letters.
“I suppose you’re right,” he said. “None of this is normal, but it’s not as unusual as you think. Loads of people are werewolves. It’s just not common knowledge, like how Muggles don’t know about wizards.”
Sherlock slouched again, breathing hard. He reached for the glass and spilled most of it down his chin and t-shirt as tried to drink as quickly as possible.
“John,” he found himself saying. “John Watson.” He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to acclimatise them to the colour.
“When?” He asked.
Experience told Sherlock that John’s expression was one born of confusion rather than displeasure.
“Right. I’ll shut up.”
John nodded dumbly.
The squirrel, who had been doing his best to follow the argument made reconciliation, climbed down from the tree. Tail twitching as it stood up to watch the two men embrace, before running off in search of a place to hibernate.
The man couldn’t close the door without slamming it, particularly when he was in a mood. And despite not hearing the conversation that had warranted the slamming of her front door, she resigned herself to an inevitably foul-tempered Sherlock filled evening.
SH: No.
The wolf placed it down carefully, then stood and took a step backwards, tail still wagging as John crouched to pick up the teddy.
A soft thumping sounded almost immediately and Sherlock grinned.
“Yes,” John said, watching Sherlock for any hints of any changes to that sad smile that was so horribly sweet to see. “Because you’re also scared.”
The wolf climbed back onto the bed and settled down. His whole body enveloped Sherlock and Sherlock found himself nestled in amongst the fur, completely safe as the wolf’s tail thumped gently on the bed.
Absently, he worried that he was slowly becoming his father.
John huffed in his sleep.
, Sherlock told himself.
John took a step backwards and raised his hands in surrender, blinking.
“I must be going out of my mind,” the man smiled, more to himself than to Sherlock. Gingerly he accepted the book, but Sherlock’s gaze stayed on him, keenly curious about what the Irish accented man was talking about.
"See that?" Sherlock asked, pointing at a particularly angular pebble. John squinted, and Sherlock pulled her closer by the waist so that their heads were touching. "That one," she sighed, dipping her finger into the water as if it would help.
But it felt right. It was definitely right. This conversation was long overdue, and although Sherlock knew that there would be no turning back, he also knew that this was it. This was the big one. Really, John had always been his, just as he had always been John’s. They’d just never addressed it before. The admission of that truth and the verbal statement of wanting more was the beginning of a wonderful new game.
“It's no good laughing, Sherlock. I can't read minds.”
one round monotonous of change; yet even she repeats her tune beyond my range. I never watch the scatter'd fire of stars, or sun's far-trailing train, but all my heart is one desire, and all in vain: for I am bound with fleshly bands. Joy, beauty, lie beyond my scope; I strain my heart, I stretch my hands, and catch at hope.”
“Really?” He asked. “You found me amazing?”
The wolf sprang off the bed and Sherlock sat up, watching him curiously.
Of course Sherlock wasn't going to go to the paramedics. Instead, he made a swift detour, skirting past a collection of policemen and across the now blocked streets. The smoke from the toilets had now been spotted, and a surge of firemen were rushing into the building. Sherlock took one last glance at the unfolding scene before ducking into an alley way opposite, John still pressed against his chest.
17.	“Arm yourself because no-one else here will save you. The odds will betray you and I will replace you. You can't deny the prize it may never fulfill you, it longs to kill yo Are you willing to die?” You Know My Name, Chris Cornell
Their first kiss had taken place on a perfectly ordinary Sunday morning. Sherlock had brought John an anniversary card.
He already knew where their home was, and it certainly wasn’t suburbia.
Sherlock's arms snaked around John's waist, smiling fondly at her. At the same time, John reached up and ruffled her hand through the back of Sherlock's wet hair, watching in awe as it immediately started to curl up again, drying quickly in the hot August sun.
They’d been asleep when Lestrade’s call came through, and when John had entered Sherlock’s bedroom to rouse him into action for the day he had been surprised to find Sherlock wrapped up, snoring quietly with an electric blanket on. A hot water bottle stuck out the bottom of the duvet, but the bedroom window was wide open. John sighed unplugged the blanket, closed the window, and surveyed Sherlock closely.
“Sorry. I know it’s not ideal,” John added, heaping coffee into two mugs. “But I need the space.” John bustled back into the room and put a mug of steaming coffee next to Sherlock.
Stealing himself and working out most of the potential outcomes, he made his way slowly over to them.
From the other room, John laughed.
John snorted, and Sherlock smirked slightly.
And sometimes they disintegrated entirely, when he realised that despite everything, John still saw him as the sociopath he always pretended to be.
The third time was the worst John had experienced.
An actual, enormous, live bloody wolf with teeth and everything.
The garden was long, and wide, and divided into sections. A wall of apple trees separated the allotment from the lawn, and a green house stood proudly in the corner, sun filtering through evenly throughout the day.
To John’s great surprise the man began laughing.
“We were on a case,” he said, knitting his hands together under the table. He twiddled his thumbs while he spoke. “And, well, you’d just rugby-tackled a man we were chasing. Do you remember? Over in Whitechapel.
Two tall glass bottles sat perched on the river cliff; the golden cider inside sparkled in the sun as the soft bubbles rose to the surface. The sunlight filtered through and refracted onto the freshly cut grass that swayed gently in the summer breeze. The light created flickering white shadows that danced on the blades, completely relaxed in the midday heat. One bottle was already half empty, but the other hadn’t even been opened yet. John sighed, making a mental note to put it in the stream until Sherlock was ready to drink it.
Sherlock bowed his head and John kissed his temple.
One of the men laughed. He had a pinched voice, entirely too nasal, with a protruding bottom lip and a large scar across his cheek. The other men turned, and Sherlock frowned as his brain exploded into a deductive frenzy.
14.	“You came on your own, that's how you'll leave, with hope in your hands and air to breathe. I won't disappoint you as you fall apart. Some things should be simple; even an end has a start.” An End Has a Start, Editors
"You did." Mrs Merriweather shot back, more sternly. A few metres away, Mrs Holmes made an attempt to get to Sherlock, wanting to protect him from the teacher; but Siger held her back, shaking his head.
You can do anything if you have the same mindset as Indiana Jones.
“Relax,” Sherlock said, “this isn’t the first time I’ve withheld information from you.”
“It’s a lovely neighbourhood,” Molly piped up as she looked between Sherlock and John. “I worked at St George’s before St Bart’s and my old boss had a house in Southfields. He’d invite us over for BBQs and stuff. It is so different to central. Very different to Baker Street.” Molly sipped her wine and watched Sherlock, who remained silent.
Sherlock shook his head quickly.
John watched him quietly for a few moments, but his mind was racing a mind a minute as impulses attempted to outrun logic, dodging and jumping over every sensible obstacle. His heart gave him all the adrenaline he needed.
“I don’t want you to ask what happened,” Sherlock replied. “I’m not weak.”
John needed the background noise in the mundane situations to keep his brain from going to places that he feared. What those places were Sherlock hadn’t quite managed to assemble into a coherent fact yet – it wasn’t the war, per say, but throughout the years of their friendship John had started to develop more and more seemingly insignificant coping mechanisms.
“I’m not sure what’s in there,” Sherlock said.
“Nice to meet you, John Watson. My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
2.	“Been here before and it got a little boring, no? ‘Cause I just get angry, when you're saying that it ain't your fault.” Stop Calling, Rothwell
The hum of the electric car engine stopped, and John heard the door open and slam shut.
“Yes.”
And yet there were more of the other days.
"Did you find the book you wanted, love?" A kindly voice sounded, attracting Sherlock's attention.
But now, as he stood at his front door, watching his soulmate’s total, unadulterated awe and surprise at possibly the most simplistic deduction Sherlock had ever given, Sherlock knew that John was definitely the man for him.
He opened his mouth to make what John could only assume would be a derivative comment, but it got lost somewhere along the way.
“Okay, fine,” Sherlock countered, his usually pale cheeks slowly turning pink. “I do sometimes withhold the truth from you, but I’ve never once lied to you about… about that.”
“You’re getting so big!” John said, pulling away to examine the bump properly. Rosie held out her arms, her Transport for London ‘Baby on Board’ badge glinting in the sunlight. John sighed happily. “I remember when your mother…” he drifted slightly before recollecting himself. “Did you try that foot cream?”
Curiosity got the better of John and he made his way to the top of the staircase. At the base of it stood Sherlock, and to his enormous surprise, fellow alumni of St Bart’s Hospital Mike Stamford hovered in the doorway.
“I know I’m not a burden,” Sherlock supplied, and John’s shoulders visibly relaxed.
John chuckled.
“How can he say that?” He asked. “He hasn’t seen you since you were students. You could be a serial killer for all he’s aware. You’ve descended through friend, to acquaintance, and your relationship is now bordering on total strangers. He knows nothing about you anymore.”
“You know when you have a really good sneeze and it kinda feels like you’ve had an orgasm?” Harry asked when John had broached her on the subject after school one day. Harry had met her soulmate, Clara, when they both began working in a local computer shop.
Mike could do nothing more but grin.
The whole building was a maze of long white corridors with grey carpet and water stations, that would bore anyone stupid should they spend too long there.
“Well… wow. I wasn’t expecting that,” he said, looking down at their entwined hands. “How long have you…?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but closed it again and clenched his jaw.
"Is that a threat?" John challenged, and Sherlock's grin broadened.
Because, and the simple truth remained, Sherlock was dangerous. That really was all there was to it.
“John…”
John had a hairy chest, but it wasn’t
“And as for helping you to see a different side of London, you can see it regardless as to whether I’m there or not. I just helped to open your eyes a bit,” he responded. “You don’t owe me. You don’t need to repay me.”
Warmth flooded him.
. What that something was always depended entirely upon what Sherlock needed
“I’ve definitely devolved into a teenager. Jesus Christ.”
“What is it, then?” John asked, but he still couldn’t stop smiling.
“Here,” he offered, feeling the novel leave his hand.
“Really,” Sherlock said, “I’m fine. If I needed to stop I would tell you, or I would just stop.”
Sherlock huffed out a quiet laugh, a slight indicator of his agreement.
It occurred to John then that Rosie would fall down the typical trap of naming her child after a deceased relative. Which, John conceded, there wasn’t really a fault with, but somehow he felt that Rosie would be doing her unborn daughter a disservice to a woman who had brought about so much calamity to their lives.
Sherlock shook his head earnestly. Of course he hadn't started the fire. Was he really that stupid? Why would he set fire to a building he was sitting in? Daft woman.
“Fuck.”
John chuckled. He wasn’t sure whether it was from the cold or the conversation, but they were both blushing a deep crimson.
John shuffled.
"Why are you special?" She was going through the whole mantra, then.
Rosie was barely a year old when John had moved back into Baker Street. He’d taken his old room on the top floor, but there were two other rooms up there in which Sherlock had shoved everything he’d ever owned. A mass clean-up began, but with Mrs Hudson’s permission to decorate Sherlock and John had taken a week off and soon enough they had the created perfect space for Rosie to spend her fast-approaching toddler years.
Sherlock held it up for him to see.
“Hi, Nate,” John replied, dropping a packet of gingernuts on the counter. “Could I grab a packet of Benson and Hedges? Silver? Smallest pack you’ve got. Ta.” He rummaged around in his pocket and extracted his wallet.
Mrs Hudson could sympathise with the mourning of his dead wife, but there was absolutely no need for him to be that cruel to Sherlock.
“Daddy,” she whispered, eyes bleary from sleep. “Is it school today?”
“Are we really going to keep doing this?” He asked. “Because I’m bored of it, John. I’m bored of you tiptoeing around me like I’m a bomb that’s about to go off.”
“See? Now pull yourself together. Someone will be here in an hour to pick you up, and that book had better be a bloody good one.” He turned around, leaving John still standing transfixed in the same spot. A few rows away, Sherlock exhaled loudly.
“Does anyone fancy some lunch, then?” Molly piped up, her hands clasped together.
“But you’ve saved my life before,” Sherlock interrupted. “Countless times. Numerous times.”
“Sorry, trick?” He asked. “What trick?”
“Why would he?” Mycroft asked, a little humour edging into his voice as he looked up at John. “The man won’t even see a therapist, why do you think he’d tell you?”
Sherlock had called her a narcissist and sent her the link to a full-length mirror available in a flat-pack furniture store. Another case came from a man in Bristol. He wrote to complain that his carrots kept dying and that someone was poisoning them. Surprisingly, he was correct.
She couldn’t bear to see Sherlock’s heart get broken again.
John chuckled, handing Sherlock his coffee.
Sherlock felt distinctly ruffled. The man had left, but his actions and voice still remained hanging over Sherlock like an eerie phantom. What on Earth had just happened? He sandwiched his thumb in between the two halves of the book, standing up and gripping it with the rest of his fingers so as not to lose his page or drop it. The library was just as silent as it had been before, yet an underlying crackle of static electricity made the hair on the back of his neck stand on end; his spine rigid as though someone had stuck a wrought iron beam along the length of it. It was as though the rampant silent beast was afraid, and Sherlock had caught onto the fearfulness.
As he was reaching for the doorhandle, the door opened and revealed Mycroft. For a second, Mycroft looked as stunned as John felt, and then his expression closed and became cold.
Sherlock gave a tired but warm smile. “I… know. Hurry, John. Love …. Too,” Sherlock wheezed out, his eyes starting to flutter closed.
“I missed you,” Sherlock whispered into his ear, voice shaking as he pressed gentle kisses to all of the places that he’d bit John earlier. “I love you, John.”
Content, it didn’t take long for him to fall asleep.
Not long after, he heard footsteps behind him again. So, he’d been right. Sherlock hadn’t given up, but had instead tried to trick John into thinking that he had. Despite himself, John could feel himself getting excited. This kind of chase was thrilling and dangerous, especially since Sherlock had no idea that it was John he was chasing. And John was happy that Sherlock cared about him so much that he would chase a seeming stranger around London to get answers.
John howled in pain, and bolted backwards the second he was free. His head spun at the sudden movement, his blurry vision turning black.
He’d been distracted, making sure he had everything as he walked out of the store, shopping bags in hand, as he was suddenly grabbed by the face and kissed by lips that were
So, frustrated, John became a doctor instead. He was exceptionally good at his job. First, he was a general practitioner, then a surgeon, and then worked at the A&E in a few hospitals before he started just going to anyone who wanted him to – no matter what they needed him to do. By this point, he’d gotten quite a reputation and had his own website. It was quite good pay, and he was happy with his work but he never quite felt right. It felt like he was missing something.
John lay panting in the aftermath, the soiled panties becoming uncomfortable, but he couldn’t do anything about it with Sherlock’s knot sticking them together. Sherlock gently lowered his hips down, and carefully rolled to the side, and arm wrapping around John’s waist and pressing him back into the pale hard chest.
John was interested to find that he would be able to join the war. Sherlock had made John a fake identity years ago. When Sherlock found out a month later, he’d quietly taken the things John had collected, calmly burnt them in the fireplace and ordered John out. John had shrunk back in the face of the calmness in Sherlock’s demeanour and the fierceness in his eyes and tried to explain, but Sherlock hadn’t wanted to listen. He collected all of John’s things, stuffed them into a duffel bag and threw them out the door and then turned back to John and pointed out the door silently.
There, in the sleek black armchair, was a man. He was tall and pale, with black curly hair and a certain elegance and sophistication around him. And those eyes. John would recognise those eyes anywhere. One of the long legs was crossed over the other, a bare ankle resting on the black slacks that covered the knee of the other leg. His long, pale fingers were pressed together under his chin, and those eyes were watching him calmly.
“But I want more!” John protested sulkily, and then fell silent as Sherlock’s grip on his hand tightened in warning, and he averted his gaze.
“None of your business,” Mike shot back, “But I know you should keep your hands off of John! He’s taken!”
John placed the egg on the bed as he unpacked his things, constantly checking on it and touching it to assure himself that it was okay. Once everything in the bedroom was unpacked, John picked the egg up and taking it with him into the kitchen where he kept it in one arm as he unpacked everything there. It took him a long time to get everything unpacked, and once he had it was already lunchtime.
He gave a low growl as the human reached out to him, almost close enough to touch.
“You coulda warned me a bit first,” John grumbled, but he knew that Sherlock was probably right.
*.*.*.
After a while, Sherlock pulled away, and asked, “How is this possible, John?”
*.*.*.*
*.*.*.*.*.
“They’re gorgeous, John,” Sherlock whispered in awe, transforming into his wolf from and curling around John and the pups.
They spent the day together, and John wrote a letter to be sent to his parents explaining that he’d found an Alpha that wanted him and that he was going home with him and he’d send them another letter when he was settled in with his mate. Then, they packed up their things and got into the horse-drawn carriage that had come to pick Sherlock up. It was rather luxurious, but John dismissed that fact as they climbed in and cuddled together on the seat and settled in for the long ride home. John was sitting sideways on Sherlock’s lap, head pressed to Sherlock’s neck and eyes closed as they relaxed.
*.*.*.*
*.*.*.
“I love you, little one,” he caught Sherlock saying softly, his tone so soaked in love that it made John’s breath catch, “Everything that is mine, everything that I am, is yours. I will love you till the end of my days. You and your wonderful mother.”
Three hours later, and three more pups had come into the world, two girls and a boy. In total, they had three girls and one little boy. John licked them all clean, and after the after-birth had come out of him, John relaxed into the bed, exhausted.
Sherlock gave a low bark and shook his head. “Oh well. I’d best call Lestrade to lock the girl up. Can you go back to the flat?” John suggested, then sighed as Sherlock shot him a look. “Fine, alright, you can stay. But then we’re going straight home and fixing you up!”
Sitting at the table across from one another, bare feet brushing under the table, they fed each other the food with sappy grins and giggles. It was incredibly clichéd, but it was good fun. John was determined to have as much fun with Sherlock as he could, and to savour the time that they had together.
,” his Alpha snarled in a low rumble, “And if you hurt a single hair on him, it will be the last thing you do, Sally. And you, Anderson.”
“I’ll be there,” John promised Sherlock’s retreating back.
The peace and content between him and Sherlock had lasted until John was twenty and Sherlock was twenty one. Then John’s curious nature had come between them. Sherlock normally hadn’t minded John’s curious nature – if anything, he encouraged John to explore and learn everything he could under the human’s warm supervision. But, this time, he’d gotten curious about something that Sherlock hadn’t liked. War. He was curious about war. He’d started collecting pamphlets and brochures and tucking them under the mattress in their flat. When Sherlock had found out, he’d been furious, and had punished John, making him sleep on the floor for the first time in years and refusing him kisses for an entire month. He’d pleaded and begged and apologised – he always hated upsetting Sherlock – but Sherlock had been determined and told him if he saw any more about the war from John, he would kick John out. John had steered clear of anything related to the war for the next two months before his curiosity became unbearable and he started collecting and reading up on it once more
John could feel the slight sense of relief come from Sherlock. “Too bad, Sarah. I do not want you here. Get out of my flat and get out of my life and never come back. Understood? You. Are. Not. Wanted.”
John opened the door and stepped inside. “This is our new home, I guess,” John murmured to the egg, stroking the black shell tenderly.
“Early,” Sherlock responded, “You can still go back to sleep before we have to wake for school.”
Held in place and unable to move, John found himself tilting his head to the side and baring his neck for Sherlock, and it felt as if he was sliding into a completely different headspace. Sherlock’s hand was tight around his cock, almost as if he was waiting, and as soon as John went limp in his hold once more, Sherlock began to slowly stroke John’s hard member.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, looking momentarily surprised, then his head dropped down and sharp teeth easily cut through the rope binding him.
He tilted his head back to look up at Sherlock, and saw the Alpha’s pupils dilate as he breathed in deeply. Sherlock seemed frozen, lost in his own head, only coming out of it when John flinched and pressed closer against him as the door downstairs closed.
He found Sherlock in the middle of the tent, a serious look on his face as he made a move before folding his hands under his chin and smirking at his opponent. By the sign on their table, they were the top two, having already beaten the rest of their opponents.
John growled threateningly, gaze fixed on hers. She slowly got up and brushed the dirt off of her clothes.
John groaned, and tried anyway, wiggling and squirming until Sherlock woke and released him with a disgruntled huff.
John closed his eyes, not wanting to see Sherlock’s face as he took him in. He’d used to look clean and good and fierce, now he just looked wild and pathetic. John hated it. But he couldn’t exactly trim his own fur.
He glanced back up at the window of their flat from the street below, and had to suppress a smile as he saw Sherlock glowering down at him. Waving smugly, John turned and walked off. There was a street festival going on not far from here that he wanted to go to. It would take his mind off the case for a while and give him a chance to stretch his legs.
Sherlock’s head snapped around and his eyes were vivid bright yet again as he took in the clothes John was wearing. “Going on a date? In the middle of a murder investigation?” Sherlock snarled scathingly.
“Would you like to hold him?” Mrs Holmes asked, her warm brown gaze kind.
Instantly, Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him and dragged him behind Sherlock, tucked between Sherlock’s wings.
He inhaled deeply, clearing his nose of the horrible scent.
, Sherlock. I will not sit around like some dainty little house-Omega!” John warned him, “Let me help on the case, or I won’t let you feel our pup.”
Sherlock lay down next to him and rested his head on the back of John’s neck.
*.*.*.
bad. He could feel Sherlock’s sharp gaze on his face from where the Devil stood at the entrance to the cave he had shoved John into. John didn’t even know where they were, just that it was way outside where any Angel could see and hopefully help him. He really shouldn’t be here. Not with Sherlock.
John glanced up at Sherlock before licking his hand.
“Such a good Omega for me, John,” Sherlock praised, “Moving in and accepting my gifts and wearing these panties for me.”
John changed Sherlock’s bandages every few hours. Sherlock’s breathing was shallow, his heart beating slow. John had closed the bedroom off after he raided the fridge and bought everything in here. Water bottles, perishable, non-perishables, first aid kit. If Sherlock didn’t survive through this, then neither would John. He would kill himself and join Sherlock in the afterlife where they could spend the rest of eternity together.
Sherlock snorted, burying his face in John’s hair, and the Omega could feel his smile against his scalp. “I could never,” Sherlock told him in a haughty tone, wrapping his arms around John and ensuring that he couldn’t go anywhere.
Lifting the dogtags carefully from the box, he slipped the chain over his head and smiled down at the tags as they settled against his jumper. Oh, they were absolutely perfect! John couldn’t wait until the day when Sherlock was cleared of the charges against him and allowed to walk free of jail and John would be able to display these tags proudly. For now, however, John tenderly lifted them again and slipped them under his shirt, where they rested against his chest as a cold, comforting weight. John loved them already.
John opened his eyes obligingly, and was surprised by how Sherlock looked. His face was flushed red, mouth parted slightly and pupils so huge that there was barely a glimpse of his gorgeous eye-colour, and his wings were up high on display, the gorgeous dark colours causing John’s own wings to shiver and stay spread and lowered.
But the den was small, and it didn’t take his Alpha long to release that John would go crazy being cooped up all the time. So, they went on regular walks and runs. The issue with being outside of the den, was that it was loud and crowded, and everyone stared at John. It irritated him, but he knew Sherlock would never let him harm these humans. So, he ignored their stares and contented himself with staying by his Alpha’s side.
John listened for a moment to Sherlock’s heartbeat, and realised that Sherlock was asleep. Smiling fondly, John stayed still for a moment before he started squirming, needing to pee.
Sherlock. Sherlock was here. John’s heart pounded and his head whirled. He had conflicting overwhelming urges of running over to Sherlock and running away from him. But, wasn’t this why he was here in London? The chance to finding Sherlock?
“John,” John introduced himself with a small smile.
“You are
Sherlock had done this to him so many times at the end of chases that John didn’t even struggle, submitting under Sherlock’s weight and tilting his head back to bare his throat to his Alpha.
Sherlock smiled down at him, and licked and nipped along John’s jaw to placate him, and murmured into his skin, “We need to stop before I lose control and bond us right this instant.”
Of course, there was nothing that they could do until night-time, so they waited. Also, turns out Mycroft had brought hot food for them – the smell that had woken John up in the first place – so they ate that before it cooled.
know me,” Sherlock said softly, looking the picture of calm. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be so comfortable in yelling at me. You know my reputation, I suppose – everyone does,” Sherlock took a breath, and John jumped in.
Soon, Sherlock was withdrawing, and then moved up John’s body, his head near John’s neck and forepaws just under John’s elbows. Sherlock lowered himself onto John’s body and thrust in quickly. Sherlock growled in pleasure, setting a quick, hard pace. John whimpered and whined and growled, his noises covered by Sherlock’s snarling and growling.
No such luck.
Especially that last time. The first time he’d started collecting the brochures and pamphlets, he hadn’t known that he was doing something wrong – Sherlock had, after all, always encouraged his learning of new things that John found when they were out walking or when he sent John to the shops to get food.
John purred in content, tail thumping against the bed and he closed his eyes to go to sleep.
John’s eyes widened in shock, and he shook his head, whining. That wasn’t what had happened at all!
“I’m hungry,” John explained, “We – well, I – missed dinner because I fell asleep.”
“John, why is he defending you?” Sherlock snarled from behind him as John struggled to hold Mike back from taking another swing at Sherlock.
“I’ve seen you around a lot lately,” Sherlock said, his voice lightly curious on the outside, but it held the kind of steel in it that John tried to avoid.
“Yeah,” John agreed with a grin, tilting his head to the side to kiss Sherlock’s jaw.
Sherlock said, turning to look at him.
There was a lot still to be done, but hopefully with the both of them working on the case, they’d be able to crack it quicker. Sherlock had admitted to him quietly that he needed DI Lestrade to wake up from his coma otherwise there was a good chance that no one would let him out even if he did solve the case as no one other than the DI knew about it. John had comforted his mate silently with kisses and by pressing his belly into Sherlock’s hands and allowing his mate feel the smooth skin that will expand when their pup starts to grow.
Once he was asleep, John very carefully undressed himself. He got himself down to his boxers and decided a midday nap wouldn’t hurt, so he slept alongside Sherlock.
He didn't understand why Sherlock would say such a thing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Cinderella, really?” He only recognized the song being from Cinderella because he had to watch the movie for a case involving a kidnapper who left Disney paraphernalia at crime scenes. He hated that case but he was never sure why. Now, he understood that he hated it because it upset John, who appreciated Disney and had seen every princess movie they’ve ever made.
“I’ve always known, I just never thought it important to mention. After this afternoon, I've come to realize that there’s no harm in bringing it up. I know most people speculate that I’m ace but I have dated and slept with multiple men. I just don’t do it very often, it hasn’t been recent, and, since I’ve entered this line of work, I haven’t had the time to consider it at all. I’m a married man, anyways.”
A lazy smile found it’s way onto Sherlock’s face. He decided that he very much enjoyed the sound of John’s voice. “Yes. I’ll be out in a minute.”
“I swear it.”
“Gladly.” She shared his smirk. “He’s said your hair looks like dark chocolate, your eyes are electric blue and sea green, when he was plastered he said you have the complexion of a Renaissance painting with the body of David, he can wax poetic about you for hours! An absolute mess, he is.” She went as far as to playfully poke John as she teased him, “You think he’s so beautiful, don’t you?”
“So, is that what we’re going to do then? Spent the rest of our lives together?” It was a bold question and Sherlock knew that, but he wanted to make sure they were on the same page.
- - - - -
They headed outside and walked to Angelo's.
It was a heavy promise, but somehow, they both knew they could do it. Them, together forever? It was inevitable.
John was only partially aware of his habit. Usually he wouldn't notice at first but would then become aware a few seconds after he started. Since Sherlock never told him to be quiet, he would assume the man either didn't notice or didn't care, so he would continue. He didn't realize his humming had become so important to Sherlock. Now that he did, he planned on humming more often.
His sleep was peaceful and time seemed to melt away. He stayed curled up in bed, holding his boyfriend close and forgetting about his own arousal.
Sherlock let a soft whine escape and he shifted, realizing he was trapped between the counter and John. He decided to voice his slight concerns, though his tone had become breathy, “Uh, John? I-I feel I must remind you that I haven’t had sex in nearly five years, a-and, ah, it was never very good, and I don’t really masturbate either.” Not only was he sensitive to pleasure, but his body craved it.
“Loving?” Molly questioned. She grinned and felt an excitement bubble up inside of her.
“I’ve noticed you’ve been humming and singing a lot more often, why is that?”
John’s entire expression changed from playful to serious. “Promise you’ll stop me if you get uncomfortable.”
“I'll touch every star in the sky!” John sang aloud as he stepped inside. His voice filling up the room with his strong sound. It made Mrs. Hudson jump, but she recognized the song. She smirked to herself and decided not to comment on it. She didn't want to ruin their little moment together. A moment she had been waiting for, for years.
John chuckled, “Ah, I’m such a good singer you fell in love.” He joked.
“John!” He scolded softly. His eyes a bit wide as he discreetly looked around to make sure no one else heard what John was saying. He couldn't believe how shameless John had become. Only moments ago Sherlock saw him as his polite, cardigan-wearing, best friend. How he was on a date with a unabashed debauchee.
He shrugged, "I heard Total Eclipse of the Heart on the radio and it's been stuck in my head. I actually hate that song. Just a few days ago I hummed three songs from Aladdin but you didn't ask if I found a magic carpet or happened upon a genie."
John apologized throughout the day for his drunkenness and how he was such a bother. Sherlock dismissed it all and said it was no problem, making sure to keep the lights low and not even touching his violin.
He threw his head back and let out a howl. In that moment, he was so human and raw. One hand gripped the top of the headboard and the other a pillow, he looked as if he were trying to crawl away from the pleasure. But his legs were too useless to assist in the escape, and his hips were too determined to ride it out. He practically rode John’s hands through his orgasm, chasing the feeling the entire time.
- - - - -
“So, why don’t I meet her?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Angelo expected a simple Merlot or Pinot Noir, as did Sherlock. John wasn’t exactly a drinker and no one assumed he would know much about wines.
The fact that he found another person to be charming was enough to nearly send Sherlock into a panic. He’s never thought that of another person. But here he was, charmed by the appearance of John alone.
Sherlock, though he’d never been in love and hadn’t really dated, had slept with a few people. But he knew that whatever he was feeling towards John was much deeper than anything he’s known before. He didn’t know how to deal with it.
Sherlock shocked himself so hard that he nearly broke his concentration in his mind palace. Did he genuinely think John to be adorable?
Sherlock’s expression softened and he stepped forward. “You won’t make it worse. You’re good, John. Whatever you do, it’ll be the right thing.”
Sherlock changed the subject as he re-cataloged John's sexuality in his mind palace. But he was still disgusted by the idea of John sleeping with Mike Stamford. Certainly John knew he could do better than Mike Stamford.
John knew absolutely nothing of Sherlock's feelings. All he knew is that he wanted to hum for Sherlock.
After a huff, Sherlock turned the tables, “And you? Any limitations?”
Sherlock said nothing in response. He took note of the love in John’s gaze. It motivated him enough to test the waters. “Why are you so dressed up?”
Sherlock gave a soft smile. He wasn’t sure what to do with this new information. John was attracted to him. So what? He could leave it be and never speak of it. But for some reason, he didn’t want to do that. All he knew was that there was something he wanted to do, he just couldn’t identify what it was. There was a strange sense of purpose in him, as if he had a mission. He thought a moment and considered that perhaps, he only wanted to tell John about his deduction, but he knew that wasn’t it. All that would do is embarrass John and potentially make their relationship awkward. Sherlock didn’t want that. But he did like the idea of talking about it. He was on the right track, but not exactly on the mark. Maybe he wanted to tell others? He wasn’t particularly the type to brag and John’s tastes weren’t anyone’s business. He found he also didn’t like that idea. Talking to John about it was something that remained in his mind when he tried to picture what it was he wanted.
“I know.”
“Yes. It would be good for the both of you!”
- - - - -
They both hung up and Sherlock let out a groan. He laid back on his bed and sighed. He was far too anxious to even attempt words so he resorted to stretching out and whining on his bed. It was strangely comforting.
“Do you remember, uhm, Adler?”
“You’re heterosexual! You’ve said that you don’t like men, and I know that you only date women.”
“Why?”
Though it would take a lot of alcohol to admit it, the most caught off guard he’s ever been, was when he entered a room to find Irene Adler stark naked. So when he found himself in 221B, drinking by himself, he nearly laughed aloud at the memory. But another aspect of the memory became much more interesting to him. John's reaction.
John blinked in surprise as Sherlock elaborated, “I came to realize I couldn’t live without your voice. Which led to me realizing I can’t live without the rest of you either. I realized that I need you more that I need anything else. I realized that I never want to be without you. I know I said I'm married to my work, but I do plan on retiring one day. I know that someday I won't be here solving crimes and chasing killers through the streets of London. But living without you .....” He trailed off a moment, taking a deep breath. "Living without you isn't an option. From the moment I met you it never was. I let you in further than I've ever let anyone. You're part of me now." He blinked a few times, trying to compose himself. He'd never been so honest about his feelings before. His chest tightened a bit and he felt somewhat overcome. "I let you in without any intention of letting you go. I need you John, and I always will. I wish I could say I didn't love you, because love is dangerous and unpredictable, but it's too late for that. I don't know when or why, and I don't think I ever will, but I love you."
John understood and pulled away with a wicked grin. “You’re a ticking time-bomb. You’re all pent up, but I could help you find release.” He offered.
Now he’s gotten so confident he’ll walk right up to John and kiss his breath away just for the satisfaction of doing it.
John blinked a few times and looked down at Sherlock, surprised. But he couldn’t help the way his cheeks went pink. A small smile graced his face, and when he went to put the lube back, he opened the drawer wider than before and caught a flash of something else in there. "Handcuffs?!" He opened the drawer all the way to find the lube and a single pair of handcuffs were it's only occupants.
“You aren’t. You’ve been doing fine this entire time.”
Molly and Lestrade were very important things in his life, and though he would miss them, he could live without them. The bees weren't even in his life yet and could be easily parted with. Mrs. Hudson was one of the best things to happen to Sherlock, but he could also part with her if needed. His parents would probably be better off without him, and although his life would be a lot harder, he could part with Mycroft. His flat wasn't extremely important to him, he didn't care too much where he lived and he knew that if he had to, he could find somewhere else. He made a good bit of money as a consulting detective. His violin was extremely important to him, it helped him think and it was one of the few things he did for pleasure. But if need be, he could live without it.
Sherlock seemed to think a moment. “So, you’d like to try, then? I-I wouldn’t mind.”
John felt a bit better after that. He went on to explain himself. “Sherlock, I’m pansexual. I think. Honestly, I’m not quite sure what I am. I think it’s okay that I don’t quite know. All I really know is that I’m attracted to everyone, but I’m mostly attracted to men, if that makes sense. During the time of Irene Adler, I was having a moment where I was really only interested in men. I don’t know why it happens, but sometimes it will. In fact, that’s when I was dating Morgan. So I didn’t find her attractive because, at the time, I wasn’t interested in women.”
John smirked up at Sherlock as he leaned down, keeping eye contact while pressing a kiss to the clothed tip.
Sherlock had the gall to let a laugh slip. “Sure, go ahead. Don’t be disappointed when you find my self-control to b-“
He knew they were both in love, it was a powerful piece of knowledge. But only he knew. He wanted so badly to tell John how he felt. He wanted to make his pining a reality. But he feared he’d ruin everything if he tried to convey his thoughts. He took a deep breath and let the feeling of togetherness sink into his bones as if it were the last time.
Sherlock looked down and made it apparent that he hadn’t even known he was doing it. “Oh.” He thought it over a few seconds and came to a quick conclusion. "I actually have something to tell you.” He was going to finally come out as gay. He knew that John didn’t know. In fact, he was certain that only Mycroft and Molly knew, and maybe Mrs. Hudson had figured it out. “I’m gay.”
John nodded as he sang, “The key to all heaven is mine! My heart has wings, hmm. And I can fly.”
“Wh- I,” Sherlock’s lips moved, desperately searching for words. “Adorable?!” He almost seemed indignant that anyone would use such a soft word to describe him while he does his work.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he stared at the floor in shock.
The dinner went excellently and Harry and John ended up reconnecting with the parting promise to talk more. On their journey home, Sherlock and John slowly slipped back into their teasing.
That caught him by surprise. He blinked a few times. “Pardon?” He was drowning in the atmosphere and couldn’t quite figure out how to recover from the accusation.
John’s heart nearly shattered, but it also swelled for how sweet Sherlock’s words were. “You’re so beautiful, Sherlock. Everything about you is so lovely.” His eyes flickered to Sherlock’s neck for only a moment, but the taller man understood his intention and nodded, “Go on.”
Sherlock felt his cheeks go light pink. Something about the question embarrassed him a bit. “It isn’t that I don’t like it, it’s just unfamiliar. I do ..... I do like it, that is. I like it, but only because it’s with you. I wouldn’t like it if it were any other person.”
“Mind elaborating on the emotional response you get from John’s appearance?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and for once, he didn't think at all. He didn't want to think because if he thought then he would be taken out of the moment, and what a gripping moment it was. He didn't move, didn't think, he just focused on John's chilling voice. "I have never loved a darker blue. Than the darkness I have known in you." It felt like John was singing to him and Sherlock was hanging on to every word. Eyes closed, no longer able to focus on the feeling of the chair beneath him or the smells of the room, he developed a tunnel vision for John's voice. He never wanted the song to end. He could spent the rest of his life like this, sitting there, letting John's voice wash over him, silencing his mind and taking him away.
Sherlock strolled into the sitting room in black pants and his maroon button-up that he knew John admired on him. There, he found John ready to go, but anxiously pacing around. “Are you alright?” He wasn’t sure how to approach the situation, but wanted to make John feel better.
He pulled out his phone and thought a moment. Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade would mean well, but wouldn’t be of any practical help. Mycroft wasn’t an option. Perhaps Molly.
John let out a chuckle and tilted his head. “But you’re teasing me on purpose, because you know that after you pull away, I’ll be turned on.”
Sherlock blinked a few times in surprise at the third one. He ultimately decided not to comment on it. “I’d like to second the no choking.”
The cold air made him shiver and he looked down at John nervously. His length was perfectly average, pale, a pinkish-brown tip, and had only a few visible veins.
“No, I kiss you until you’re just about to be turned on. Anything that happens after I pull away is your own fault.”
This was a surprise to John, who had always assumed Sherlock might be asexual or something of that sort. "Oh, I didn't realize you were interested in blokes."
He heard John behind him, panting even though he wasn't being touched. It was obvious that his words were effecting him. "I can hear your breathing, I know you li-" He was cut off by his own desperate cry. His body writhed as John's fingers suddenly shifted to press down onto his prostate. His hips jerked forward as if to escape the sudden pleasure, but John used his free hand to pull his hips back while his fingers massaged the spot.
“Unfortunately.”
It was quite strange.
When they entered Angelo’s they were immediately seated at a table with a lit candle. Normally, the air of romance that Angelo tried to spark was ignored by the both of them. But tonight was different. They both felt the familiar atmosphere shift to something else. They were radiating in their feelings and it thickened the air around them, but neither of them spoke a word about it.
John was frozen. He never thought he would hear Sherlock Holmes confess his love for another person, let alone him. Sherlock Holmes who has never been interested in relationships or love, was in love with him. He couldn't believe this was really happening, but he was so thankful that it was. His heart swelled. “I realized the same about you a week later.”
“Oh yes, something about the face you make when you concentrate.” Harry answered with a smug grin. “Shall I continue?”
In that moment, John decided that somehow, he was going to be with Sherlock.
John blinked in surprise and he tilted his head as if he couldn’t believe his eyes. “Apologies. I just don’t think I’ve ever seen a cock this gorgeous before.”
Sherlock was quite pleased with the way that he had charmed John. He was very versed in the art of flirting, but that was all an act for cases. He wanted everything with John to be real and genuine. So he decided to be honest about things. But he didn’t expect it would backfire when he said, “Lovely, now I’d appreciate if you didn’t challenge my dominance again.”
that I want to.”
Sherlock frowned. “Well I don’t quite see how! I’m having a crisis!”
Sherlock’s emotional capacity was as any other human’s, but he was still very hesitant to express it. Instead of giving a full explanation he kept his point short and simple, “Because you don’t hurt me. You feel like home.”
“You’re dating him?! That’s awesome! I’m so happy for you!”
Angelo couldn’t stop his smile from shifting to a smirk. “Which are you interested in?”
That only left John and his work.
"Who?" He was familiar with every girlfriend John had ever had, and now, he needed to know the names of the men who had been stealing John's affections.
“I’m in love with you too.” John had never seen Sherlock blush, but here he was with light pink cheeks and a tear running down his face. “Are you alright?”
“What about yourself?” John asked.
He felt like he was finally getting what he needed. He clawed at the sheets and made a slew of ridiculous faces. Happiness, concentration, disgust, desire, and at one point he just laid there keening with a slack jaw.
He never did manage to bring himself to go to the war.
Eyes shooting open, he had a split-second to recognise something was hurtling towards him, and rolled to the side quickly, and stood, jumping backwards out of reach. The figure landed, and John recognised those wings. They were strong, and sleek, but black with brown around the edges. Oh, oh this was not good. At all. John took a quick glance around. He knew he had absolutely no chance of out-flying Sherlock (they had used to race when they were younger, and Sherlock always won by literally miles). This was so bad. If Sherlock didn’t remember him, he might attack John, and John knew he would never hurt Sherlock – or, any more than he already had.
He found himself spiraling into a rabbit hole of possibilities.
John was taken aback. He briefly wondered if this had all been a mistake. If maybe he shouldn’t have done this. Part of him felt like he should have just been happy with the friendship that he had and not taken his chance. But he had come this far, no point in backing out now. “Well I’m sorry that you have a problem with all that. I didn’t mean to upset you.” He downed half his glass of wine to help him tend to the wounds on his ego.
His thighs were trembling as pleasure radiated from his core, spreading out to the rest of his body. All he could focus on was how good he felt. Nothing else mattered. For a moment, his mind palace was closed off and distance, in a place that he couldn’t reach with those fingers inside of him.
"Alright, out with it. Who is it you're seeing?"
Sherlock gave a soft smile at the word ‘boyfriends’. “Yes.”
The two men quickly looked each other in the eye. Sherlock could tell that John was absolutely flustered and he relished in the feeling. He’d never seen John like this before, especially when he was with a lover. He spoke about his dates and encounters as if he was always in control. But now, he wasn’t. Sherlock let a sly smirk take over his face as he looked back at Harry, “Do continue.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow when John hung up. “What happened between you two?”
John was almost in awe of how soft the normally stoic man really was. He couldn’t help the way his smile widened. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
John only raised an eyebrow, "Well I'd say that at the moment, I have a bit of an upper hand."
“You do.”
Sherlock was frozen. His brain had shut down from such an unexpected question. His mouth began responding before he even knew what he was saying, “Of all the times I’ve had sex, I don’t think that any of them have actually cared about me. No one has ever asked me that.” He saw a bit of concern fill John’s gaze, but he answered anyways. “Don’t call me anything derogatory, please.” He was visibly awkward. He looked around, his shoulders were stiff, and he was leaned forward with his hands clasped together on his lap, almost as if he were protecting himself. “Forgive me, I’ve never had a conversation like this before. I’m not a fan of vulnerability.” He spoke the word as if it were a disease.
He made it all the way back to their first case together. The very first crime scene. He’d just made his deductions and John complemented him. There he saw it. The first time John expressed attraction. Sherlock almost thought it was funny that John should find him attractive only after he showed his genius in a crime scene. He looked at Sherlock the way he should have looked at Irene. Originally, he had mistook the expression of attraction for one of amazement. So perhaps John always thought him attractive, but until recently, he hadn’t been expressing it so often.
There was a strange thrill in being alone with a lover. A feeling as if you’re the only two people in the world, as if no one and nothing else matters, a soundless and thoughtless motion that pulls two people into the arms of the other.
Sherlock looked as if he had eaten something sour. He was in disbelief. "Impossible. Mike Stamford is one of the most heterosexual men I've ever met."
He headed up the stairs with Sherlock. “So this is the miracle, that I've been dreaming of.”
John decided that if he was going to have his proper date with Sherlock, then he needs to step up his game beyond looking nice. “Yea, actually. I think I’ll take the bottle. Is that good with you, Sherlock?”
John let a smile take over his face, a bit coy as he had to explain his meaning. "We ....." He trailed off, hoping that was enough. It wasn't. "Sherlock, we slept together."
“Just me then?”
“This is an incredibly overused piece of advice, but communication really is the best. If there’s something you don’t like, tell me, if there’s something you want, tell me. You know I’m terrible with deductions, Sherlock, and I’m definitely no mind reader.”
“No. I’m
He found hummed the song to himself, but eventually, a few lyrics slipped. "..... and I really need a hug. I feel stupid, ugly, pretend it doesn't bother me." He went back to humming the rest of the song and Sherlock was a bit taken aback. The music choice of a person was often reflective of their own feelings, so why did John have an affinity for such a song?
That was when Sherlock realized how fucked he was. They were only a few steps away from Sherlock having to unlock the flat and let them in, he had no time to plan for what he was going to do. Still, he unlocked the door and they made their way upstairs.
He never thought it over before, but now that his mind was focused on it, it was actually quite a strange reaction for a healthy heterosexual man.
John laughed again. He quite enjoyed knowing something that Sherlock didn’t. “Start with the basics, Sherlock. What do you know about my sexuality?”
He looked up to say something else, when he caught the sight of John’s tongue peaking out to moisten his lips. He also noticed dilated pupils.
Friend. Not flatmate, friend. Harry knew him as John’s friend. That made an involuntary smile spread across Sherlock’s face.
John cracked a smile as they made it to entrance of 221 Baker Street. He stood in front of the door, but before he unlocked it, he turned around and looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. “I’d really like to kiss you.”
It wasn't anyone's birthday, it wasn't a holiday, this date has never been important before, and nothing worth celebrating has occurred. Earlier, John wasn't excited about anything. It was a normal day until John mentioned Angelo's. In fact, John didn't become excited until he mentioned Angelo's. The day had just recently become special to John.
“It will when I wake you up in two weeks, moaning my name.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “Wondering why I wasn’t notified that you and Dr. Watson are in a relationship.”
“I’m happy. But I’m also afraid. John, I really don’t have much experience with relationships. I’ll do something wrong and ruin it all.” Sherlock was unused to being vulnerable. But something about John made it a bit easier, and something about the situation made him want to be honest.
“So this is love, hmm. So this is love.”
John grinned, “If only I had known earlier that flirting could shut you up.” He joked. “I didn’t realize you got flustered so easily. Funny considering you regularly flirt to get information on cases. And I've seen you get flirted with, but it never works. What makes this different?”
“This was a nice little touch when you made me cum, John. You know I don’t really masturbate, so I never thought to explore. Not even to pay attention to my tip. But now I see it’s quite sensitive.” He commented as he continued to rub John’s.
“So long as I have a place in your house in Sussex.”
Sherlock quickly realized what he had done and he backtracked. “Wait, no. That isn’t what I meant.”
He got halfway to Sherlock’s navel before pulling away. “You need to lay down.” He said as he backed Sherlock onto his bed. He got Sherlock to lie down and knelt beside to him. “Perfect.” He commented as he let his hands hold Sherlock’s hips. He looked down as the pale torso below him. It was slightly muscular though soft and undefined. “Christ, you’re beautiful.” He complemented as he reattached his mouth to Sherlock’s body, kissing down in a sweet trail.
“You said you would only do this if I didn’t give you what you needed, and I did, I made you cum!” He writhed as he was jerked a bit harder and faster than he would normally touch himself. He whined and tried to cope with the feelings, until something sent a sharp jolt of pleasure through his body. His back arched and he threw his head back.
Now John was the one blushing. He let out a nervous chuckle and nodded, “You’re correct.”
The man managed to stretch his lips into a smile and he shook his head, letting John know he was fine. He bobbed his head, working his way down in an attempt to take in all of John. His fingers slowly moved again.
John didn't show an ounce of physical attraction. No smile, which would have been a bit inappropriate at the time. No sweaty palms, no signs of nervousness, no fidgeting, he didn't lick his lips or look at Adler's, no blush, no quickened breath, no subconscious attempt to fix his appearance, he didn't deepen his voice, or puff out his chest. In fact, thinking back on it, he remembered John's pupils didn't even dilate.
- - - - -
His face burned a darker red. “Git.”
He dialed her number and sat down on the edge of his bed, even though he knew he would eventually start pacing around.
"Jessie, Alex, Bailey, Quinn, and Angel."
He let out a soft groan at the encouragement, making Sherlock tense at the slight vibration. He steadied the hips in his hands and shoved his tongue in.
He let out a broken whimper and gently tilted his hips back, wanting to push himself just a tad closer to John’s mouth. The pointed tongue began to flick up and down his entrance, the tip gently entering him with each flick. His back arched and he scrunched up his face as he tried to hold back his noises. He was already panting. At some point his hands had begun gripping the sheets for dear life, but he didn’t even realize it until now. His body twisted at the pleasure that rushed up his spine, unceasing and strengthening with each flick.
“I wouldn’t mind if you did.” Sherlock couldn’t believe this was happening. Those small, rose pink lips, finally closing in on his.
John found himself smiling, "I know Sherlock. I may not be a looker but I've still got game." He took a fun jab at himself and thought that that would be all, but not for Sherlock.
A melodic female voice answered. “Hello?”
Sherlock sighed. He sounded defeated. “Just to be clear, I most certainly am not in love with John. But I do have loving feelings for him, in fact, I may even love him.” The words were clouded by an air of uncertainty. As he heard himself speak, he realized his contradiction. “Alright, perhaps, I do love John. But certainly it must be as a brother or close friend. No. No. If it were that simple I wouldn’t have such a strong physical attraction to him, and said physical attraction wouldn’t elicit an emotional response in me.”
“Just you.”
“Not a masochist, I just know how to have fun.” John joked as he held the door for Sherlock.
John was absolutely done with being picked on. He looked up and stared Sherlock dead in the eye as he said, “Most beautiful man I’ve ever met.”
He seemed to think over the offer for a moment before making his decision. “I’d like that.”
“Hey, Harry.”
John had been humming love songs for a few days now. He didn't see the day as important until Sherlock accused him of having a lover, which prompted John to ask Sherlock to accompany him to an emotionally significant restaurant that is normally reserved for special occasions. Now, it has become apparent that John's love songs aren't just an accidental representation of his emotions, but are very intentional song choices.
Sherlock relented and gave a sly smile, “Agreed. Now are you going to let me kiss you, or not?”
“A few minutes ago. After analyzing John’s behavior, I’ve come to realize John is physically attracted to me. Afterwards I accidentally uncovered that I feel the same way about him. It shouldn’t have meant anything to me, but it did, and that’s what lead me to see that I have a very strong emotional attachment to John.”
He realized how purposeful John sounded. It was different than his usual singing and humming. He wasn't singing just to sing, he was singing intentionally. It wasn't something he was unaware of. He knew what he was doing and he chose this song deliberately.
John glanced at the wines on the menu. He seemed to have something specific in mind and was scanning for it.
Sherlock blinked in surprise. “A Tempranillo?”
Sherlock was in awe at the things he heard. His heart swelled and he twisted in pleasure. But with the kiss of the cheek, so sweet and innocent, he was pushed off the edge.
Sherlock cracked a smile. “I know, but I’m terrible with words.”
“Of course.”
John grinned, “Excellent.”
John smiled, a bit giddy. “Well expect me to flirt much more often. Shame it makes you get all quiet, your voice is absolute sin.”
John was in shock. His lips were parted but he had absolutely nothing to say. His mind was blank and he searched for a reaction. For a moment he felt absolutely no emotions, then, doubt rushed through him. He was afraid, afraid that some other man had stolen Sherlock’s heart while he was off pining.
“So what I’m hearing is, that doesn’t cross a line for you?” John prompted, but noticed his embarrassed Sherlock was. “Should I take your silence as a yes?”
"Hey, do you remember Mike Stamford?'
When he entered, John could tell Sherlock was tipsy. He cracked a smile as he hung up his coat. “Afternoon. When’d you become a day drunk?”
John even went as far as to fix his hair a bit. Usually he brushed it so it was flat and smooth, but today he ran his fingers through his hair a bit to reveal it's natural bit of volume. He spritzed on a bit of his favorite cologne, had a mint, and double checked that he had on enough deodorant. He skipped out on shaving and decided to keep the bit of stubble he had grown since it went well with his slightly rugged look.
Sherlock wasn’t used to feeling so good and he definitely wasn’t used to being the center of such intimate attention. He almost wasn’t sure what to make of it all. He wanted to keep his composure, but in the thrills that rushed through him, he realized he didn’t have to. John was safety, John was home. He could do anything he wanted. He let a whine roll from the back of his throat and pushed his hips back as the liberating realization.
“No! I like John!” It was then that he realized the tone of his voice carried a genuine fear.
“You’re doing it .....” he trailed off a bit, trying to process what John said. “You’re doing it for me?” He wasn't entirely sure what to make of that.
“Sherlock, you uh. Well. You don’t really date, and you’ve never expressed interest in anyone. John’s told me he suspects you’re aromantic and possibly asexual. I know it isn’t our business and we shouldn’t’ve been making assumptions, but he’s desperate for you. Really. Just, arse over tits. I honestly think he was only telling me because I’ve known you longer and he wanted me to convince him that he’s wrong. John really really cares for you. If you’re absolutely certain that you love him, then please, tell him.”
“Of course. I love a good Rioja. Crianza specifically, but I assume you already knew that.” Crianza wasn’t too rich but has more body than a Merlot. It’s high-quality to say the least.
John let himself be pulled into the kiss before parting again to comment, “And what of that self-control you mentioned?”
Three hours later and the two of them had a woman cornered in an alley. They kept their distance and John had his gun trained on her. The plan was to keep her there until Lestrade arrived. She did everything she could to try and bargain her freedom. Offering drugs, sex, and money. She turned to threats but had no leverage. At one point Sherlock sighed and called her boring. It made John laugh. They’d gotten so used to these situations that they were bold enough to make jokes.
Somehow, Sherlock felt as if he had done something wrong, but he wasn’t sure what it was. He cautiously took a seat and waited for John to tell him what was going on.
“I know we haven’t been together for very long, and I know that many of our quips tonight were only jokes, but we might as well have this chat now.” John began, looking at Sherlock with those warm and gentle eyes that took his nerves away. “Sexually speaking, what are you comfortable with? I don’t want to do something that would upset you.”
Sometimes he would stumble upon a song that would end up stuck in his head. He once spent an entire evening humming Boys Will By Bugs by Cavetown.
“Hello? Sherlock?”
If Sherlock had less self-control, a shiver would have run up his spine.
“Yes.”
Molly nodded, knowing that this was the only way Sherlock was able to work through his emotions. He treated them like a case. “Can you describe those feelings?”
John couldn’t help but to chuckle at the request. He let his tongue slide in a bit deeper, keeping it pointed as Sherlock hasn’t been touched here in a while. He let it squirm and twist around to keep his lover stimulated, listening to the moans and gasps above him. He had it halfway in and began gently pumping and wriggling it.
Sherlock smiled and entered, John following behind with a grin.
John couldn’t help a small smirk as he thought of his response. “Sherlock, I’m not a very kinky person, but don’t say that’s all if that isn’t all. If you aren’t careful, two weeks from now I might wake you up with your prick balls-deep in my mouth.”
John slowly nodded, unsure of where the conversation was about to go. “Yes?”
He suddenly became aware of the small smile that still rested on his face. The smile that John caused with his cleverness. He had always thought John was quite clever. He was the only one who knew how to keep up with him. Even in the simple way he already knew Sherlock would want takeaway.
The Alpha licked at the skin below John’s ear, making John give a small mewl of pleasure, and hummed. “You taste better than you smell. I can imagine your lubrication will taste even better,” Sherlock purred into his ear, and John gasped, a jolt of arousal running through him.
John shivered at the sound of Sherlock’s low voice in his ear. Then, John smiled teasingly up at the Alpha and said, “You sound very confident in yourself.”
John and Sherlock had decided to wait until they’d graduated before having sex for the first time. After all, they didn’t really want to have sex in either one of their parent’s houses, though that didn’t stop them from doing other stuff.
John blinked. “I wasn’t sure,” he said slowly, making and keeping eye-contact with his Devil, “how you would react.”
Just as John was beginning to panic, one of the bit of wood opened, and in walked the human Alpha, smelling of delicious raw meat. His mouth watered, and John licked his lips, but was hesitant to approach, slinking behind a long object that was resting between the wall and the rest of the room. John watched cautiously as the human moved around the dwelling, placing the meat into something that was white and smelled cold, then turning and touched something that started making the bubbling noise of a fast-running stream. John was curious despite himself, but didn’t move, staying hidden in the dark and observing for now.
Sherlock hummed in thought. They fell into silence whilst John worked. Once John was done, he put away the old bandage and hesitated. He didn’t want to go just yet. Sherlock’s eyes had fallen closed, but his good eye peeked open as John hesitated, and a soft smile crossed his lips.
John blinked in surprise as he found that his balance had changed slightly. Tottering in a circle, John stayed still as Sherlock approached. Sherlock circled him, sniffing, and when Sherlock paused by his rear, John turned and snapped at him in warning without conscious thought.
Sherlock hummed, sitting upright so John could change the bandage on his chest. “I was born in the country side of London, spent most of my time there before moving into the city and became a consulting detective. My favourite colour is red,” Sherlock said, then smirked at John, causing him to flush as he remembered the panties Sherlock had bought for him.
Sherlock scoffed, throwing his shirt onto the floor. “Only because I only have one doctor. All the rest are idiots,” Sherlock said, lying back on the bed.
Sherlock was a good mate, and they got married a little while before John was due to give birth. They had a small ceremony, with close friends and with both of the Lestrade’s, and got professional photographs which they placed proudly on the mantle after framing them.
John clapped softly, as did several other admiring Omegas, all of them looking at Sherlock with admiring eyes. Sherlock ignored them as he stood and shook hands with his opposition, who stormed off quickly. Sherlock was instantly flocked by Omegas, battering their eyes and giggling as they tried to get Sherlock’s attention.
Shaking his head, John forced it from his mind and went on.
Sherlock gave John a kiss that let John know that his boyfriend was pleased, and replied, “Blue. To match your eyes.”
“Obviously, the trip wasn’t enough to deter you, so what do you want Mycroft?” his Alpha asked with a sigh of boredom, though John could smell that he was cautious.
,” of understanding came from his Alpha. “It’s for me?” he asked, and John nodded his head, tail thumping slightly faster against the forest floor.
Sherlock was unconscious, bleeding still even though John had bandaged it up. This was home, the place Sherlock lived and where he had taken him back – a safe place. John didn’t know what to do. He had absolutely no idea.
It kept ringing, and John prayed Sherlock would pick up. He knew Sherlock hated phone calls, but hopefully Sherlock would pick up. Hopefully Sherlock wasn’t ignoring his phone – or John. It picked up and John breathed a sigh of relief. He shook his head and mouthed a curse, as if the call hadn’t gone through, then shoved his phone back into his pocket. Hopefully, whoever was attempting to kidnap him (because, seriously, he’d gone through this far more often than he’d liked), would say something that would help Sherlock find him.
“I’m going to fuck your mouth now, John. And one day I’m going to fuck your arse,” Sherlock growled, tone excited and John moaned around Sherlock’s cock greedily.
that we’ve never interacted except for once,” Sherlock told him, voice hardening, “And yet you also look like you want to run away from me. Are you hiding something? Something to do with my dog, perhaps?”
“John,” Sherlock’s voice was short and sharp, and John straightened instinctively, and at a slight twitch of Sherlock’s fingers, John made his way back to Sherlock’s side obediently.
Mycroft’s eyes turned away from John and back to Sherlock. “Can’t you just leave him? Let him go back to the wild where he belongs and you can come back to London where you belong?” he suggested mildly.
Mycroft’s eyes were wide, fearing spiking in his scent at the sight of John.
child,” John corrected softly.
Sherlock’s grin just brightened. “I’m not surprised. It’s way outside Angel territory – we’re on the very border of Earth and Hell,” Sherlock told him.
John was fine for the next two weeks, but on the fifth week since he’d begun feeling off, John discovered a shock. Sherlock had gone out once again, and John had padded naked into the bathroom to take a shower, but when he’d been going past the mirror, he glanced at it and then froze.
John raised an eyebrow. He didn’t know that Sherlock swore. “Sherlock,” John whispered insistently, stroking Sherlock’s wings slightly harder, trying to rouse the Devil.
“You can’t keep me here forever,” John snapped, fighting down panic. What if someone happened to see, and then his family came after Sherlock?
Just as he was about to slip out the door, Mrs Holmes called out, “John! Wait!”
*.*.*.*.*
Sighing, John closed his eyes and nestled close to Sherlock. It would be okay, he assured himself. Even if Sherlock wasn’t in love with him, John would still spend as much time as possible with him. Maybe he was naïve in his views, but he believed that it didn’t truly matter if Sherlock wasn’t in love with John, John would continue loving Sherlock and everything would be okay.
Three days after that, the next gift arrived. This time, it was placed on his bed. It was a brand-new cream wool jumper, folded neatly. Walking closer, John picked it up and realised that there were several more items of clothes underneath. Jeans, jackets, shirts, boxers. Multiples of each, in varying colours and all the perfect size for John. Right at the bottom, underneath everything else, was a pair of red silk panties, with a pretty white bow at the front. Blushing furiously, John hid it underneath under all the other clothes and looked around for a note. He found it in the cupboard, with the tea.
“No, Sherlock. Let me help with the case,” John demanded.
Realising how close they’d gotten, John cleared his throat and looked away in slight embarrassment. He caught the other Omegas glaring at them, and remembered the long rope of flowers that Sherlock had. He was a very sought-after Alpha. There was no doubt about that. Still, it was John’s flower that was in Sherlock’s pocket, sticking out proudly.
Sherlock’s frown deepened. “But you went to Afghanistan.”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow with a warm smile, “we can fix that,” the Alpha said, gesturing back to the bed.
By the time that was done, Mycroft appeared in the sky, a small boy beside him, flapping determinedly. John watched and waited with a smile on his face, anticipation rising in him. As they landed, John’s eyes widened. Sherlock already had the body of a five year old! Sherlock looked up at Mycroft, who gave a smile and a nod, and then he walked slowly over to John, cautious. John sat down on the ground so that he wouldn’t appear so big, and slowly wrapped his wings around himself, hiding from sight.
Sherlock let out a controlled breath, and John tensed, waiting to see what his Alpha would do. John didn’t want Sherlock to leave their den. Or to leave John.
John was hurried through security, and made his way to Sherlock’s room with his medical bag, but froze before he got there as an Omega walked past him. The Omega turned and caught his eye with a glare and a frown, and John hurried on, heart pounding in fear, knowing that the Omega had smelt that he was bonded to Sherlock.
He burst up the stairs, and found Sarah rooting around in the living room.
John gave an irritated sigh. “Look closely!” he demanded.
*.*.*.
John froze his wiggling as Sherlock snarled in warning, grip tightening around him again and shifting so that Sherlock was lying half on John, a leg and an arm wrapped around him whilst Sherlock’s nose pressed against John’s neck, breathing hot breath onto the sensitive hairs there. John sighed in frustration. There was no way he could wiggle free now. He was well and truly stuck.
Sherlock looked up at him in amusement then climbed onto his forearm and sat there. John walked into the bathroom, surprised by how incredibly light Sherlock was. Sherlock had his tail wrapped around the crook of John’s elbow, and John gazed down at him in fond amusement.
As soon as his Alpha appeared, John leapt out, paws outstretched and panting happily. He landed right in front of the Alpha, then danced around him, yipping excitedly before dashing off again, slower this time. They’d played the game of chase around the small den before, so John wasn’t aware that anything was wrong until his Alpha caught up and tackled him. John was surprised dropping the rabbit, as this wasn’t part of the game, and then John was being snarled at and roughly turned over, his Alpha straddling his stomach and holding his neck bared by a hand on his jaw.
More cracking came. “You should never have hurt
inscribed on it, and the other ‘
Turning, curious, he waited. “How would you feel about being Sherlock’s friend?” she asked, looking down at the baby clutching the white feather.
His heart was pounding hard in his chest, and his blood roaring in his ears, as he pleaded with Mycroft with his eyes. Mycroft held his gaze for a few moments, and then slowly shook his head. Mycroft would not help him.
John had blindly followed instincts when he’d taken Sherlock home, and would that cost Sherlock?
Sherlock looked up and met his gaze.
John shivered, stretching up and licking Sherlock’s jaw in thanks. He liked being so obviously claimed as Sherlock’s. It felt right, the same way that he’d felt when he’d submitted to Sherlock for the first time.
Sherlock gave him a small smile, and stood, gesturing with his hand for John to follow him, which he eagerly did. They went into the living room, and John stayed in the middle whilst Sherlock went around the room and closed the curtains and locked all of the doors. John waited with rising anticipation, until Sherlock turned to him with a smile and started stripping. John eagerly followed suit, stripping down until he was completely naked, and then transforming into his wolf form.
“Just leave me alone,” John pleaded, not slowing.
Sherlock pulled out the white pencil John had made for him. “You’re JW,” Sherlock murmured, looking up at John, who gave him a sad smile. “We were best friends,” Sherlock remembered, and John held his breath, waiting. Sherlock’s sharp eyes flashed up at him, hardening. “You left me!” he accused angrily, shoving the pencil back at John. “Why? Why would you do that?”
Glancing around, it seemed like no one had noticed, and he quickly hid the dragon egg in the cradle of his arms and opened the envelope. There was a key with a tag attached reading, “
Sherlock frowned, and glanced at his wings, before back at John. “What?”
Sherlock chuckled softly. “Of course,” Sherlock responded.
John shivered in pleasure and looked up at Sherlock in silent reprimand, to which Sherlock smirked.
“Enjoying yourself?” A scathing voice cut in, sounding disgusted, “I knew you liked blonde’s John, but really, this is going a bit far.”
“Hello Dr Watson, this is Lestrade,” the man – Lestrade – introduced, sounding somewhat awkward and cleared his throat before continuing, “Would you be able to come in today?”
“Sarah,” John broke off, pinching the bridge of his nose and closing his eyes. “We
Sherlock glanced around, and John caught his gaze, blushing slightly as Sherlock winked at him before focussing back on his game.
Sherlock fell on top of him, just barely bracing himself with forearms on either side of John’s head, lowering his hips until John lay flat against the mattress.
“You shouldn’t be here,” Mycroft said, frowning.
love with him.
Another year passed, and John had to move on. He moved out of his parent’s house (it had become his after his parents died, and Harry had moved out quite quickly, leaving him on his own), and moved in with his friend Mike. Mike was a Dom, and a single one, but he was gently-spoken and knew that John would never want anyone other than Sherlock.
*.*.*.
Sherlock pressed into the kiss, one hand rising up and cupping John’s jaw to keep him in this position. They kissed slowly for a while, Sherlock’s hand caressing his belly until his Alpha pulled away slowly. John’s eyes fluttered open, and he licked his lips to savour the taste of his Alpha. John saw the way Sherlock’s gaze watched his tongue, and smiled slowly, loving the effect that he had on Sherlock.
