He falls silent again, and Sherlock resists the urge to go light a cigarette. Is this what people can’t shut up about, this sentiment of both excitement and panic at the prospect of what’s to come?
“I refuse to think we can’t,” Sherlock replies. John is almost close enough for their breath to mix between them. “Yesterday, a week ago, a month ago, that’s when I thought that maybe I should give up. That maybe time had finally caught up to us, and that it was too late to do anything about it. That we would share a home but never a bed, and I was ready to accept it because it meant that I would still grow old with you and get to share a lifetime with you.” He shifts closer, brings John’s forehead to his. “But you kissed me.”
A thousand questions are rushing through Sherlock’s head again, none of them breaching his lips, but the possibilities now infinite. He forces himself to breathe in and out slowly, the knowledge that John is also erect, or at least on his way, making his own erection swell even more. How many times exactly did he find himself hiding an erection in the middle of a crime scene, in the back of a cab or lying down on the sofa? Too many times to recall, really. Still, luckily until now, Sherlock had always managed to conceal it, to make sure John wouldn’t notice until he could take care of it somehow. And if that meant stroking himself to oblivion in the shower or on his bed, well, Sherlock has gotten used to it now.
“Our first night,” John whispers, knowing this is exactly what’s going through Sherlock’s head. “I can’t wait to fall asleep with you.”
“Mr. Holmes talks about you all the time!” He says, sitting down too. “He always says you are the reason he solved all those cases!”
He attached a picture to the letter and I’ve never seen you so relaxed, Sherlock. In this picture, you’re asleep in a bed that’s ours, theirs, and you look so trusting but vulnerable at the same time.
John can feel it building, low in his abdomen, warm and dangerous. With every movements, every glances, it keeps on growing, taking all of his breath away. The fact that Sherlock isn’t even trying to hide it makes the whole dance more and more thrilling. Anyone watching them would know, without a single doubt, what is happening. Actually, John is pretty sure Greg got the message already, considering his wink earlier and the discret thumb up. John had laughed, shaking his head but actually finding it harder to breathe properly.
For now it means dinner. Feeling more settled now, John sends out the text he’s been willing to, getting a quick reply confirming that Sherlock would be there to eat with him in a little less than a hour. So John gets to work, chopping carrots, potatoes and leek after putting on a playlist on his phone. The music helps clearing his mind for the next forty minutes, melodies after melodies making it easier to focus on his knife and pan than the empty bed upstairs and who might lie there later tonight.
“You let your barrier fall down, for just a second, you let it all show and I couldn’t believe all that I was seeing, reading all over you.”
Sherlock nods, swallowing around the lump in his throat. He watches, just a little in awe, as John slides closer, one hand dangerously close now.
“It’s even better, Sherlock. And I really don’t want to rush it, any of it. I know we didn’t actually talk about it, but this is important to me, and I’ll do anything to make it work.”
"Alright," John chuckles, pretending to think intensely. "When Rosie and I moved back into Baker Street, I couldn't sleep and I found you sitting in the dark when I came downstairs. Do you remember?"
Down to it now, the third universe, or as John likes to call it, the Pool universe. You’ve probably already made the connection, so yes, in this universe, the pool incident is a decisive one. But from the beginning:
, John thinks, heart pounding inside his head. He clenches his fingers, watching Sherlock, whose eyes are now roaming all over him. An eternity stretches around them, and as Sherlock listens to the message a third time, he begins slowly walking toward him. John’s breath catches, and when they’re finally close enough for him to truly see Sherlock’s eyes, John finds himself shivering from head to toe. Neither of them say anything when Sherlock finally lets his hand fall to his side, and John inhales sharply, finding himself - as expected - at lost for words.
Sherlock goes very still against him, and John actually fears for a moment that he has gone too far, but then Sherlock is pressing them tightly together, still very hard. "John," he says, out of breath before crashing their mouths together, and it takes all of John's self control not to properly roll on top of him. He tries to take control over the kiss, giving Sherlock what he wants without giving too much, and when they part, Sherlock's eyes are dark with desire.
Sherlock stands up, reaching for his dressing gown and heading for the door, “I’ll say I was in the shower.”
“Well, I do,” John says, eyes fluttering closed for a second. “I can’t believe this is happening, tonight of all nights.”
“What do you want me to say exactly? Do you want an apology, then alright, I’m sorry,” John exclaims, waving both hands in the air. “I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner!”
Sherlock lets out a relieved sigh before he can stop himself, and John chuckles against his lips, and really, Sherlock had no other option but to kiss him. So he does, and more than once, just because he can.
"I never did," John replies, pushing away the first tremor of guilt and anger. "You never let me." Sherlock rolls his head to the side, eyeing him silently. John takes it as its cue to continue. "I couldn't simply show up at Baker Street and pretend we were alright. No matter what you said, or what I did for that matter. No matter if we're both just human."
) I’ve read your letter more times than I can count, and each time I can’t help but look back on the days I could have asked you, could have made it easier for you not to carry all of… all of this, alone. (
"I should have said so when I first realised I couldn't spend another day without you," John continues, shifting ever closer.
He will let me. He liked those kisses, told me so. Many times. And I have to trust him, I have to believe what I can see with my own two eyes. He told me. He showed me. He kissed me.
Matthew sighs, the arm still around Sherlock's waist bringing him closer if possible, "Yes. I was worried sick. He didn't reply to any of my messages and when he finally did, that's when we agreed to meet. I needed to make sure, in person I mean, that he was all right."
The door downstairs opens and closes, and John smiles. Just the smallest of twist on his lips. The familiar sound of footsteps in the stairs quickens just a little his breathing, and his heart misses a bit when the kitchen door flies open. Sherlock doesn’t say a word, moving around the kitchen in a frenzy John knows all too well. So he listens, suddenly remembering why he loves silences here so much. They never last long, are always followed by bangs or glass breaking or voices rising. John closes his eyes and lets warms feelings flow.
John closes his eyes, breathing in and out deeply and letting the music fade away. Making up his mind quickly, he puts down his glass of water and orders something stronger instead. Just one drink and he's gone. Rosie can stay at Baker Street, he's going to need the time alone tonight anyway. And tomorrow he'll go back and apologize, tell Sherlock he's happy for him and that he hopes they can remain friends, that it doesn't have to change anything. Does it?
“Sherlock,” John breathes, voice broken with a sob. He doesn’t move, lips brushing Sherlock’s neck as he speaks, “Are you saying you love me?”
“No, just asking how many of those took their time.” John chuckled, “I’m not interested in how many people you’ve fucked because currently you are writhing on my fingers.”
“That’s just for show, John,” Sherlock sighs. “We solve case, surely the police is not going to punish him for doing his job. Unless, of course, they’re even stupider than I first thought. Which is highly probable now that I think of it.”
This- This John Watson who pretends that I can fucking exist without Sherlock Holmes! Who does he think he is?!
“I don’t need anything, thank you,” John smiles, shaking his head. “But I’d love to tell you my own version of these stories.”
Sherlock shakes his head, his focus already back on his hives, and John swallows back the bitter taste of disappointment. Never mind breakfast. They're going to look at an old crime scene in just a hour, a cold case Sherlock was certain he could solve if only Montgomery agreed to let them in the victim's flat. John had been surprised at Sherlock's insistence to follow procedure, but he hasn't said anything. He isn't going to complain now that Sherlock is making sure someone knows where he is and what he's doing. Still, this crime scene means that they'll get a taste of what they used to be,
“Still, there must be thousand of people inside this airport.” John remarked, stepping closer to the CCTV control, “It should have taken hours to spot him.”
John licks his lips, wanting absolutely nothing more but to fulfill each and everyone of Sherlock’s fantasies.
“Oh! Looks like he’s coming over here!” Lestrade says, laughing again as he stands up. “I’m gone, good luck!”
Silence falls in the room, the moon casting a faint light over the two of them. Sherlock doesn't move for a long moment, not answering his question but his distant mask slowly falling apart. Neither of them say a word as Sherlock gets to his feet, walking to the window and stopping there, staring outside. John closes his eyes, breathing out slowly and gathering the courage to say, "I don't want to continue like this." He stands up. "We can't."
“No, no, no,” John replies, panicking as Sherlock lets go of his hand and walks to the window. “I didn’t meant it that w- I just- Fuck.” Sherlock remains perfectly still, back turned to him, and John wishes he could just slap himself and get it together. “Sherlock, I-”
“I was alone with my thoughts again, and even if I could still feel the ghost of your lips against mine, I was also able to think this through. It took me barely a second to start doubting again, not you, never you, but myself.” Sherlock pauses, eyes roaming all over John’s face. “You have to realise that there was a good chance I could have ruined all this in just a second.”
Sherlock left the bed quietly, picking up his clothes before entering the bathroom. He quickly dressed up and washed his face. He needed to find another flight to London and with any luck he wouldn't have to wait too long. Sherlock checked himself in the mirror one last time and walked back into the room. He took his bags and stilled in the middle of the room. He watched John’s face, relaxed and trusting, and considered his options one more time.
"I still stand by my words, Sherlock," Mycroft suddenly says. "You should have told John a long time ago."
“John,” Sherlock calls, and John freezes. He watches as Sherlock stands up slowly, still staring at the sea for what seems an eternity before finally turning around.
“Mr. Holmes says you’re his conductor of light,” Thomas objects, “that without you, he couldn’t think properly enough to solve any cases.”
His body reacts first, pulling Sherlock more firmly against him and titling his head to the side so that he can deepen the kiss. Sherlock parts his lips immediately, a soft, longing moan echoing in the living room and John is walking him back toward the window without breaking them apart. Sherlock’s hands are already around his head when his back hits the window, and John forces himself to pull away for air. Panting against each other’s mouths, John tries to collect himself but then Sherlock’s lips are against his jaw, kissing so very softly, almost shyly, and there’s nothing John can’t do but give in. He slides one hand up Sherlock’s arm, shoulder, neck and finally hair, silently bringing their mouths back together.
“Over,” Sherlock finds himself whispering to the silent room. He closes his eyes, falling back onto the bed and exhaling loudly. What is this other Sherlock and John’s plan? Makes it even harder to think about all that could have been. Because, clearly, there is no need for such thing. Sherlock is well too aware that there had been a time where maybe,
Rosie bursts out laughing just as Sherlock finally joins them, walking all the way to the sink without meeting his eyes, and John has to stop himself from staring too much. He can't be the one to give them away when Sherlock is so obviously trying to keep it all a secret for now. After all, they haven't even discussed everything yet, Christ, they haven't even kissed.
, Sherlock wants to say. John is not allowed to say those things, not now, not when Sherlock is about to explode from all those bubble of warmth spreading throughout his chest.
“Sherlock, there’s so much we- Christ.” John glances at him. Sherlock holds his stare for as long as he dares to. “You have to understand, have to know that I- There hasn’t been a single second where I didn’t want this.”
“What else changed?” John finally asks, a shiver in his voice that makes Sherlock’s heart miss a beat.
“Donovan found it,” Lestrade replies. “The tweet went viral, everyone’s looking for you apparently!”
I haven’t been able to stop staring at it for the past few hours? Minutes? I’m not even sure anymore. Has reality always been this flexible? I stare at this picture and I can’t help but deduce all there is to see.
The time the detective spent bend over tables and squinting at multiple screens, John took to observe the remarkable man a bit more. There was no way he would gather even half of the information Sherlock had seemingly pulled out of his sleeve about himself, but a few things still could be learned. For example, it was hard to miss the way Sherlock’s muscles shifted under the perhaps slightly too tight trousers or how the shirt was being stretched so much across his back that John was already worried a bit. He really had run into not only a genius but one that seemed to be trapped in a model’s body. The soldier bit his lower lip, trying to steer his thoughts away from the murky waters they were getting too close to. They were breaking multiple laws at the moment to hunt for someone who was doing the same. There was no time for sexual fantasies.
"Thank you," John replies, forcing himself to look up from his phone but Arnold is already walking away and disappearing into the crowd.
“I’m sure it’s delicious,” John says, and for just a second, Sherlock looks at him as if he was seeing him for the first time.
I meant what I said earlier, this is a lot to take in, and I am truly starting to believe it will somehow make sense at some point, but in the meantime, I can’t just not talk about it. To you.
Sherlock swallows slowly, nodding and turning towards the bed before John can read the worries on his face. They don’t exchange a word as they both settle into bed, John’s hands bringing him closer and closer until they’re pressed together, and Sherlock holds his breath.
John shrugged, deciding to let him win this one. He helps Rosie finish her food quickly, not saying anything when Sherlock stands up and heads back to the living room, falling boneless on the sofa. He takes his time cleaning the dishes and letting Rosie play for a while, and only when she begins to yawn and rub her eyes, does he decide to bring her down to Mrs Hudson. "We'll need to have her furniture brought here," he says when he passes next to Sherlock, but gets no answer. Rolling his eyes, he lets one finger brush a curl off Sherlock's forehead, "Don't tell me you’re sulking now." Still no answer, and John sighs before heading downstairs.
“But, what I can tell you, is that I really was trying to find out if you were single during diner at Angelo’s, and that your reaction made me suddenly very well aware that I could never be an interest to you. So I panicked and made a fool of myself I’m certain.” John takes a deep breath, looking down at his place. “And yet, I spent the next hours trying to decide whether I should kiss you or not, because I really, really wanted to and there were moments when I thought you might not mind if I did.”
bed sink in. Sherlock is lying very still next to him, staring up and barely breathing. John laughs quietly, turning to his side and reaching for him. “Come on,” he says softly.
They fall silent, only the faint sound of the street filling the room. Sherlock pours himself another glass just as John finishes his own.
Tobby forgets entirely about him as soon as he’s eating, and Sherlock puts the kettle on before opening the glass doors to the garden. He collects the newspaper Thomas left there earlier, the boy having agreed to deliver it directly to his garden table in exchange for some detailed stories of some of his cases. Sherlock sometimes looks at him and sees Rosie at his age instead, always asking questions about all the things John couldn’t write down on his blog. She wouldn’t stop until either John or himself started explaining some complex case and all the details that had lead them to solve it, drinking in their words with wide eyes and impressed sighs.
"You have to know..." Sherlock begins, struggling to find the right words to express what is happening inside his head right now. "You have to understand that I've also..."
“You realised it would look weird if we don’t at least drink anything?” Sherlock shrugged at him, John laughing as he continued, “And here I thought you were a talker.”
Sherlock nods, already out of ideas of what to do or say, but John is breathing out deeply before smiling, “Should we go in?”
Sherlock barely has the time to get to his feet himself when he hears someone clear his throat behind him, “I guess I was that obvious, then.”
Something inside him had hoped that their suspect wouldn’t give in so easily, just to prove that Sherlock wasn’t an uber-genius. But of course the drink trick had worked like a charm, the waitress perhaps would do good with a few more acting lessons but nevertheless the shirt and trouser front were wet and that was all that mattered. Keeping cave wasn’t something John did every day. The military didn’t allow for such things, especially not in Afghanistan. But right here it was a different matter altogether and John had to grin as he took up his position in front of the bathroom door, letting Sherlock work his magic with the briefcase.
It takes a second to realise he’s now holding on to John’s jacket, or that he’s the one moaning quietly into the kiss, but John doesn’t seem to mind. He’s playing with his lower lip, trapped between his own, and Sherlock shivers at the first contact of his tongue. He exhales loudly through his nose, finding the courage to kiss back despite his lack of experience in the matter, and this time, John is the one to moan as he slides one hand around Sherlock’s neck. This is insane, absolutely mad, but Sherlock can’t stop chasing back John’s lips every time they break apart for air, and soon he finds himself being pushed back against the wall. He silently thanks Lestrade for having chosen a table in the back of the bar, and lets John part his lips so very slowly with his tongue.
“Anyway, we manage to secure the kid, the three of us. Turned out he had swallowed some drugs his parents were making in their flat, the bag must have ruptured inside his stomach while waiting. So yeah, not so funny in the end.”
“Then I’ll just have to spend the night here,” Sherlock replies, the idea quite appealing now that John is back facing him. “I didn’t plan to sleep anyway.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “That’s why I’m not working for the police. Well, in a way I am but I’m working with my own methods and under my own conditions. Surprisingly, they are so often out of their depth that they rather ask me than not solve a case.”
“Right,” he breathes, sliding his pajama bottoms off and removing his shirt much more slowly this time. He immediately seeks the warmth of the covers, and lies down completely next to John.
Sherlock frowned, not having expected this conversation at all. He had thought John would have found an excuse to go back to their room by now, but the soldier truly seemed to want  to talk. Sherlock realised he really should stop trying to anticipate any of John’s reactions. “Alright,” he said and began telling John about the time he proved one of his teachers was involved in two sex scandals.
John fights to finds the words that can express everything that's happening inside his head right now, and only manages to say, "I want to give you everything, Sherlock Holmes."
John sighs, a quiet sound that send shivers throughout Sherlock’s entire body, and lets go of his hand. “See you in a bit, then.”
John releases a loud breath, licking his lips. His turn. "One of my most recurrent dreams involved coming home to find you waiting for me, silent and mysterious, and without a word, you would undress me and deduce all the touches and kisses that would drive me insane with desire."
He catches Sherlock's eyes and they remain silent for a long moment, simply staring at each other until Sherlock remembers he's supposed to be driving. John realises he's still smiling as he himself look back at the road, and despite the doubts filling his head about the entire trip, he strangely feels himself relax into his seat. Yes, Sherlock's parents are going to expect them to act a certain way around each other, but John couldn't care less. This could be an opportunity, he thinks. A chance to make Sherlock understand that they could be brilliant together, a chance to show him that he never wants to go again, a way to tell him just for how long he had been hoping for the three of them to become a real family.
“Sherlock, I…” He stops, and I hold my breath, too afraid of what he might say. Or worse, not say at all. He inhales sharply, hand shaking in mine. “There’s something I’ve been wanting to do all day.”
His entire body feels out of control, each stroke of John’s hand against his lower back sending thrill of pleasure down his spine, and soon they’re both rocking against the other. Sherlock has no idea where and when he became erect, but he doesn’t care because there is an answering bulge in John’s jeans, frotting against his own, and the whole world has gone quiet. He kisses John harder, finding that he does in fact know how to make this man shudder into his arms, and this is his brightest victory. He only wishes to be able to do just that, again and again, for the rest of his life.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, staring into John’s eyes and wondering if right now is a good time to kiss him again.
He waits until Sherlock is inside the room next door before turning to face Rosie again. "What?" she asks immediately, sounding way too innocent.
“No,” Sherlock cuts him off, rolling his eyes. “Lestrade probably wishes I did, but most of the time, rules are boring.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, a small laugh escaping him as he pulls John down for another kiss. It’s only the sound of his phone coming from the sitting room that brings them apart, the moan only serving to make the two of them laugh again, and John breathes against his lips, “We should send her a photo, don’t you think?”
"It's not for a case, John," Sherlock says, his tone neutral and so very calm that it makes anger boil in John's vein. "Weren't you the one who told me romantic attachment was all I was missing? That it would complete me as a human being?"
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, standing closer than he had thought. “We received them last night, but Lestrade called with a case and I didn’t have the time to tell you.”
Sherlock takes another sip of his coffee, crossing both feet under the table. John had been cooking them brunch for the past fifteen minutes, back turned to him, body barely hidden under a too old robe. Sherlock has already come up with four different ways of making him lose the said robe, only two of them involving getting up from his chair. And yet, he remains quiet, watching and listening carefully.
The afternoon passes in a blur, between readings, board games - where Sherlock refuses to play - and some gardening lesson from Patrick,
“That’s all well and nice but I don’t actually know who you are looking for.” John supplied crossing his arms behind his back as he adapted a more comfortable stance.
“I want it to work too,” Sherlock says. “Just as desperately as you do. I need this to work because that’s all that’s been making me hopeful all these years. I’ve spent countless hours trying to imagine what it would be like to be yours, to be part of a family with you, and now that it is within my reach, it scares me to no end that I might no be able to make it last.”
“No,” Sherlock says, shaking his head. “Bedroom.” John looks just a bit alarmed at this, frowning and about to say something but Sherlock smiles, “I want to lie down next to you and be able to hold you, please.”
"Obviously," John replies, pleased to see the smile on Sherlock's lips. "But first, I need you to kiss me again."
“Yes, for what happened in the pub,” John replies, and Sherlock hopes he doesn’t notice his sigh of relief. “I had no right to kiss you like that. I don’t know what came over me but I acted before thinking about it first, and I only realised later on that I hadn’t even asked if it was ok before kissing you. I’ve never done this bef-”
Sherlock doesn't reply, doesn't trust himself to say anything really, and for another long minute, they both remain silent. Trying to regulate his breathing, Sherlock focuses back on the feeling of John's hand in his, on the sound of his laughter earlier, and the certainty that he'll find him waiting back home.
John takes the punch in silence, "Yes. I'm not saying it didn't hurt, still does, but I've come to understand why you did what you did."
Time blurs into small eternities, and it’s with the puzzling thought of no exchanged “Goodnights” that sleep finally takes John.
John kisses at his hip bone and much lower, teasing with barely a few kisses on his erection, never moving to take it inside his mouth, and Sherlock thanks him silently. He’s not sure he would have been able to restrain himself from spending himself in that mouth, and he needs more right now, needs to be connected to John in the most intimate of way. It doesn’t stop him from shaking with anticipation when John’s hands part his legs wider, or even breathing out deeply when he realises how exposed he now is.
Then, Lestrade comes running up the stairs, his laughter echoing all the way to the living room and making Sherlock wince in advance.
"I meant what I said the other day," John says, lowering their joined hands to the empty space between them. "I want to make it right this time. I've wasted too many opportunities, and I don't want to let this one go too."
"You're beautiful," John suddenly says, and Sherlock's eyes snap back to his. John's smile widens. "I should have told you, all those days when I couldn't take my eyes off of you."
John fell quiet, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. They remained still for a few seconds before John remarked, “I see Marks.”
“I did,” John says, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “I don’t even know why I brought up sex. Clearly you weren’t thinking about it, and I don’t even want to have sex with-”
The man turns around, eyes widening as he realises they're not alone, "God, sorry. I didn't see you."
It’s obvious Miller has escaped them once more, and he’s probably far from here by now. And it’s just because he had been too focused on deducing why he can’t stop shivering every time he feels the staring man’s eyes on his nape. He can’t possibly tell Lestrade that he already has  memorized the exact color of the man’s hair, skin and eyes, or that he hasn’t been able to stop wondering what would happen if he were to just turn around and stare right back. He can’t possibly tell Lestrade that he can’t remember the last time he’s felt so drawn to another person, just with
“I find myself facing some problems at work,” Victor replies, looking only at him. “So I thought it was time to catch up.”
Sherlock looked up from the desk he was working on. The soldier felt the cutting gaze back on himself and John sensed small shivers running through his body It was like being turned inside out. John held back his breath during the few seconds of silence before the deep voice spilled nearly all his secrets.
. The thought dazzles him to a point where John stops entirely, looking at him with something close to horror in his eyes, retreating already. “No,” Sherlock says, out of breath. “You can… You’re right I….” He stops, shutting his eyes and wishing he could somehow quiet down the alarms in his head.
Sherlock nods, and with one last kiss, John detaches himself from him. He engraves the sight before him in his memory, already fearing the years will make him forget just how breathtaking Sherlock had looked that first night. "I love you," he breathes, already desperately wanting to have Sherlock pressed against him.
I can’t thank you enough for your patience. When I started the first draft of this letter, I thought it could be like all the others, just my pen putting on paper all the thoughts dancing inside my head. But this is now the thirteenth version of my letter, and, I hope, the last one, too.
“My mother is a mathematician and my brother works for the government. So no: It has been my idea.” the young student quickly shot him down.
“So, shouldn’t we go ?” John finally inquired, his hands clasped behind his back and the military shirt not quite concealing the hard muscles of his arm.
John unpacks Rosie’s last boxes of toys and lets out a contented sigh. Finally, it’s done. No more rides back to that dreadful flat, no more leaving Baker Street to sleep in an empty bed. No. Now there’s only one double bed he ever wants to sleep in and, lucky him, it’s just downstairs. Moving back had been strangely easy after all. Sherlock had kept insisting with quiet looks and lingering kisses each time they’d said goodbye, and eventually, John had realised he could learn how to be with Sherlock
He keeps an eye on her until he’s certain she won’t start crying again before sitting back properly. Sherlock’s finger is drumming on the wheel and so John turns on the radio, choosing a station that the three of them would enjoy. He hums to the music, not missing the way Sherlock is now smiling. They spend the rest of the drive like this, and John finds that maybe, in a way, they are already a family.
I’m certain you noticed that I did not offer to let you read my letter. Just like you didn’t let me read yours. For that reason only, I’m guessing exactly what the other Sherlock wrote. It was only a matter of time before they breach
“I don’t need you here, John. I managed just fine without you until now,” Sherlock snaps, abandoning the dishes in the sink and walking toward the garden.
The entire journey back home - train first, cab then - isn’t spent in silence this time. Sherlock, being his usual self, talks and talks about each clues that lead him to his conclusion, with John listening avidely. 221b feels like well deserve rewards after spending too much time travelling. Too lazy to do anything, John orders take away for dinner, eating mostly alone while Sherlock starts yet another experiment.
John is about to reply when Sherlock kisses him again, and when it had been hungry and desperate before, the softness of this kiss makes all of John shiver. He gives in easily, letting Sherlock take control, and once again he finds himself thinking that for a man who has never done this before, Sherlock Holmes is quite amazing at this.
"Then how can you be sure he's alright?" John can't help but ask, the worry slowly growing inside his mind making it hard to focus on anything else.
“Hi,” John says, shaking the hand Victor is offering. “Mrs Hudson said you were a friend of Sherlock?”
“Omelette,” John says, a way too broad smile on his lips. “Potatoes, ham, cheese and pepper. So, hungry?”
But then John’s lips are being pressed to his own, electricity bolting to Sherlock’s body, and his hand fly to cup John’s face, keeping him right here. They pull away only to meet again for a long moment, each kiss lingering a bit longer, until John’s tongue dares out to taste his lower lips, and there is nothing sherlock can do to stop the low gasp that escapes him. He feels John’s smile against his mouth, and next time, he’s ready, parting his lips slowly to let John in, and then neither of them can hold back moans and whimpers. John is pressing them impossibly closer, their arms wrapped around the other, hands exploring.
"I can't believe we finally got him. Seven bloody months, for christ's sake,” he sighs, this time the words directed at them.
"Sure," John replies, already too focused on whatever he's going to find once he's upstairs. With one foot already on the first step, he allows himself to take a deep breath. No matter the experiment Sherlock might be conducting, or the state he might find him in, he can't mess this up. Not again. He climbs the stairs slowly, making sure that Sherlock will be able to hear him coming, and when he knocks at the kitchen door, he finds it already open. "Sherlock?"
So this chapter marks the beginning of John’s POV in this story. From now on, there will be more chapters focused on him and his reactions to the letters.
He’s gone before Sherlock can say anything else, and it takes him another long moment before he realises he can’t just remain standing there. He goes through his bedtime routine on automatic, thoughts of what’s waiting for him in the upstairs bedroom, who is waiting for him, going on a loop inside his head. Will John change his mind by the time he gets there? Or will he be already in bed, waiting for him? Maybe having managed to have fallen asleep in the meantime?
“I want to fall asleep again like this,” Sherlock murmurs, closing his arms more firmly around John’s back.
“Sure, sure, yes,” Tom replies, opening the door for them. “But before you go, can I ask you one question Sherlock?”
Sherlock remembers to breathe, his exhale echoing in the room as John’s eyes don’t leave his. He should be saying something, should reciprocate, should tell him he would have loved nothing more but to kiss him too. He should tell him that it was all he could think about afterward, wondering if kissing him through his orgasm would have made it even better; should tell him that thoughts of his lips followed him all the way to his dreams. But in the end, “John,” is the only sound he manages to let out, weak and uncertain.
There is no other option really. I revealed all of my deepest thoughts to Sherlock, told him all the things I never dared to tell anyone, and I trusted him with all of it. And he trusted me too, he told me secrets that made me angry and sad and bloody mad sometimes, but he told them to me, and for that, I’m so very grateful.
John swallows slowly, tongue licking his lip as he says, "You know I don't mind, right?" Sherlock shrugs, looking away. "I truly don't. All I care about is what you are comfortable with, what you like, what you want to do."
XX32: No, it’s alright. Maybe calling right after reading the letter wasn’t a good idea. I’ll just… I’ll have another letter for you soon, hopefully by tomorrow.
"That's the beauty of it," Matthew laughs. "Sherlock Holmes, unable to deduce who his fiancé really is. I have to say, it wasn't easy, and for a long time I was certain you knew, but you were so very in love, tears in your eyes when I proposed, and I knew I had found the one."
Christ, Sherlock, I want to kiss you. I can still taste your lips on mine right now, and all I want to do is run back to Baker Street and steal just one more kiss. I want to kiss you for the rest of my life, but I also want so much more. This is what this letter is all about, everything I always wanted to experience with you, everything that kept me awake at night, unable to think properly because you were right down the stairs, just a few rooms away.
"We would stroke ourselves, watching the other, but it wouldn't be enough," John continues, panting. "I'd be the one to remove my pants first, then you, but you'd be the first to reach for me, closing your hand around me and stroking so very slowly. I'm afraid, as all fantasy, it gets blurry after that, but there'd be kissing and stroking and panting, and you coming in my hand, crying out my name."
Also, some of you have been wondering about the colors of Sherlock’s journals.... who has figured them out??
Opening his eyes, Sherlock locks them together, "Brilliant deduction," he breathes, getting another laugh out of John. "And you are..."
"Nice to meet you, John," Arnold smiles, looking away to stare at the people dancing. "Why are you leaving then?"
Everyone is laughing again, Sherlock rolling his eyes but blushing just a little, too. John finds that he can’t wait to spend the rest of his life with him.
smile is the reason Sherlock is always sitting at the kitchen table, looking up at exactly 6:05 every morning. This smile is the reason Sherlock’s heart misses a beat every morning. This smile is the reason Sherlock falls in love (again and again) every morning.
Forcing himself to put his phone back in his pocket before getting too emotional, another consequence of his old age apparently, Sherlock focuses back on Toby who has found their favorite bench. “Tired already,” Sherlock smiles as he sits down, slipping both hands inside his pockets and enjoying the calming view. He tries to come here every morning, just to watch the sea and let the silence fill both the air and his head. He had found this spot right after moving in, a year before getting Toby, and they both enjoyed the view ever since. It was rare to meet anyone here, and for just a second, every day, Sherlock forgets about the empty space next to him.
John smirked against his lips, “You will get more, believe me.” He had decided for himself that he would definitely work up to all four fingers. There was no way he wanted this to hurt even the slightest bit for Sherlock, plus it was a delicious feeling being able to observe the thus for so collected person fall apart. John could see the need and want slowly winning over the marvellous self-control and he couldn’t think about anything else but the fact that he had caused that. Already he knew that any future lover would have to compare directly to Sherlock and he wasn’t so sure anyone could be better.
"No," John cuts him off, another brush of his finger, this time against his cheek forcing Sherlock to open his eyes. "I don't want to hear any of this," John continues, and Sherlock closes one hand around his. "There's so much more I want to tell you."
John can’t help but smile too. The first few instants of a new case always made them both feel a bit too happy, the promise of what’s yet to come more than exciting. If Sherlock usually didn’t cared to hide it, John had learned that showing too much excitement didn’t go well with their clients.
He could stay and wait for the soldier to wake up. Last night had been good, really good and Sherlock could still feel John’s lips against his temple for one last kiss, even if none of them had mentioned it at that time. Surely Sherlock could find a way to hold John’s attention on him again.
Refusing to let it all overwhelm him, John hurries back downstairs, busying himself with setting the table and reheating some of the leftovers. He’s not sure how long he remains there, staring at the two plates and empty chairs, trying to shut down the voices inside his head, but Toby is the one pulling him out of his head, coming to greet him with loud barks. Sherlock is not far to follow, and John straightens up, clearing his throat, “You’re back.”
“If that’s the case,” Tom says, leaning closer. “We need to establish a strategy, a plan of action.”
Sherlock glances at him, finding John still smiling at him. “I count the days between each of her visits.”
How did he manage to let it slip through his fingers again? It’s been months since he decided to at least try to do something, anything, to see if there was even the slightest chance that John might understand what he feels. Might even share those feelings keeping Sherlock awake day and night. Obviously he had immediately thought that this Christmas would be the perfect opportunity. John loves Christmas, always has, and of course he would be in a good mood all evening. Sherlock would only have had to say something, sit closer, let one hand linger just a second longer, and he would have known.
With a somehow clearer mind, the rest of the afternoon blurs out into something quiet but oddly comfortable. They do not speak for what could be hours, simply existing in each other presence, a glance or cough reminding the other
John is about to reply when Angelo comes with their order, and he waits until he’s gone before finally asking, “You didn’t help?”
John holds back a snort, forcing himself to breathe out deeply. Sherlock, of course, gives the number immediately, walking Victor out of the flat. John remains alone, sitting in his chair with a coffee he hasn’t touched, wondering what the hell just happened exactly. It takes Sherlock another full minute before reappearing.
“You were invalidated home a few weeks ago and you haven’t been out of your flat ever since. Someone you can’t say no to dragged you here but you don’t feel at ease. You’d rather still be serving your country, but the shot in your shoulder makes it impossible to go back.” The man is about to say something, but Sherlock cuts him off, not yet ready to face whatever his reaction will be. “Your skin is tanned but not above the wrist, you stand straight despite the cane and can’t glance at it without wincing. Therefore the army, somewhere warm, and sent home because of an injury.” The man is smiling now, and Sherlock tries his best not to stare. “As for your presence here, it’s obvious that you’re not used to attend such huge gathering, and so didn’t chose to come here on your own. You haven’t talked to anyone or even tried to engage a conversation, prior to this one, obviously.”
“Mates, not in my bar!” Sherlock almost groans in protest when John takes a step backward, holding on tighter to his jacket. “There’s a hotel right across the street.”
Sherlock feels himself blush, and he’s glad his face is currently nuzzled to John’s neck. Of course it’s going to happen, he knows it’s going to happen, had been thinking about this
"She's always been a romantic," John points out, his foot finding Sherlock's under the table. "Just like you."
“So what exactly will we be doing now?” John looked around. He had just agreed to help Sherlock catch whatever criminal he was chasing but actually didn’t know a thing about the whole initiative.
“Yes, I did. But none of them mattered like this one does. And I can’t wait to have dinner with you and not wonder if it’s just dinner or if kissing you at the end would be alright. Because the thing is, Sherlock, I’m going to kiss you at the end of that date.”
Sherlock's entire body shudders, a groan escaping him, the most sensual sound John has ever heard. "I wanted to do that... to you," he says, one hand now tugging at John's shirt, almost pulling it out of his trousers. "I wanted to discover your taste, inch by inch, vein after vein. I couldn't think about anything else, couldn't focus on the game."
“You do know it’s one of the happiest couple of days of the year for most people?” John smiled, pointing to the children running around laughing.
That is one of Tom’s most recurrent theory, Sherlock being just as in love with him but not saying anything about it. Stupid, obviously.
"I'm not sure I can pinpoint the moment it began," Sherlock says with a shake of his head. "Was it during cases, chases or stake outs, in dark alleys, cabs or trains? Or was it in restaurants, shops or hotels, during mornings here or diners anywhere else." He stops. "I can't be sure, can't tell when I realised you were right here and I didn't want you gone, didn't want you to take another step except if it was towards me." He exhales loudly, and John waits patiently. "I know now that I spent too long denying it was happening at all, that I kept my eyes closed against all the obvious signs, and that when I finally came to terms with all I was feeling, it was too late."
“Then why are you talking?” Sherlock asks before realising how he might sound, but John is laughing, a true, warm laugh that forces Sherlock to pull away and open his eyes again. “Sorry,” he whispers. “It’s only that it turned out to be much better than I’d imagined, and I’d rather like to continue if you don’t mind.”
John kisses her forehead softly, "Do you think I should call first?" he asks, not sure when exactly he had started talking to her as if she could actually give him a thoughtful reply. Taking her in his arms, he makes his way back to the living room, putting her down next to the sofa and going to get her coat. "He might be on a case after all," he continues. "Lestrade said they had been busy with some difficult ones lately."
“Then let’s agree to tell the other as soon as we feel we’re slipping away again,” John replies, cuping Sherlock’s face with both hands. “Each time either of us feels that the other is doubting or closing up or just getting lost inside his own head.”
Another nod and they’re heading in, John following him inside without a word. Angelo, of course, greets him with a warm laugh and leads them both to Sherlock’s table. There’s already a candle on the table, and Sherlock pretends not to notice it despite the two of them knowing perfectly well what this dinner truly is. John places his cane against the wall behind him and waits until Angelo leaves before saying, “I should start by apologizing.”
"Ella recommended some anger management classes, and we meet regularly to talk about it too. I can now recognize and analyse the situations that trigger me, and it allows me to regain control over myself." He stops, breathes. "It doesn't excuse what I did, and -"
It's not that I don't want to remember. I do, truly. But growing up surrounded with unconditional love can turn you into a naive believer, and I had been hoping for a moment like this for years now. They deserve this much, and so much more too. I want them to be ridiculously happy, to whisper sweet nothings into each others ears in cabs, and barely restrain themselves from staring at each other. I want to be that kid, just for once, who's grossed out by her parents kissing in front of them and complaining without really meaning to.
“No,” Sherlock says. “But that’s alright, those two months were very special and I think part of it is because it was a one time occasion.”
Hands tightening into fists, John exhales slowly, the worry giving place to confusion. Sherlock seems perfectly fine, no scratches, no limp, no bruise. None that he can see. Resisting the urge to demand a full check up, he asks, "Time for what?"
John smiles, breathing out deeply at the memories, and he’s just about to pour himself a mug of tea when he hears the gate opening. With a deep breath, he goes back outside, old habits dying hard. He only has to wait a few seconds before a boy appears with his bike and a newspaper in hand. “Oh, hello,” he says when he notices John.
Sherlock rises from his chair, hating the small shudder in John’s shoulder as he finishes his story. He goes to stand behind him, sliding both arms around his waist and bringing their body close. John relaxes a little, letting his head fall back to his shoulder and sighing. Sherlock turns his head to kiss his neck softly, blowing on the wet patch afterwards. John shivers in his arms, chuckling.
The pressure of strokes is average, indicating calm and good perception. The slant of the strokes remains mostly straight, indicating a will to keep emotions at bay, to be as efficient as possible. The spacing between the letters indicates clear thinking and organisation.
“Things happened since that time, sweetheart,” John says, sitting down, the weight of all the years that had gone by suddenly too much to bear.
This time Sherlock doesn’t care if he’s grinning like most of these idiots he encountered before as he finally types his reply,
"Now I haven't a single idea of what I'm doing," Sherlock breathes, one finger finding the lines around John's mouth. "With Horsen," he continues, John barely able to repress a disgusted shiver at the name, "I always managed to find excuses not to join him in bed, and besides, the whole virgin thing played in my favor all along."
The song ends, John catching Sherlock’s eyes once again. One more and he’ll go to him, he thinks, heartbeat fastening.
“Here, take her,” he says, placing Rosie in her arms. “I’m going to get the bags. Sherlock, help me?”
John considers the option a second, “What don’t you lie on top of me, that way you can pull away if it’s too much.”
But now, as he watches Sherlock take care of his hives, glancing at him now and then, John can’t help but feel the knot in his chest tighten. He sighs, considering once more for a way to ask without letting Sherlock know that he had snuck into his room and made his own deductions. Because he couldn’t let himself believe that he was wrong, that the picture on Sherlock’s bedside table was just that, a picture. It has to hold more than just a cherished memory, more than a reminder of a moment shared over fifteen years ago.
“I love you,” John breathes, fingers leaving marks Sherlock wish would never fade. “I love you so much it scares me.”
Sherlock turns towards him, face just as closed but something passing in his eyes, "I told you, I don't have time."
“How do you feel most comfortable?”, John asked as he reached for the lube, gently running his hand across Sherlock’s abdomen. As much as he liked to push the other further into the grips of pleasure, he felt like they both needed just a moment to calm down again.
“Anything planned for tomorrow?” John asks, refusing to simply watch in silence as Sherlock gets into his bed.
. He brings back John’s lips to his, not kissing, just breathing the other in, letting it all sink in, and when they move, they’ve become one and one only. It’s slow, so very slow, and at the same time Sherlock feels as if it all goes too fast. He moans and cries and whimpers into John’s mouth, against his skin, and feels each thrust with an overwhelming accuracy. All of it taking him to the corner of pleasure, balancing there for what could be hours before tipping over the the edge and taking John down with him.
"John!" John pulls his finger almost all the way out, giving Sherlock the time to adjust to the sensation. "That..." He pants, hands clenching the sheets. "You..."
Sherlock rolls his eyes but goes quickly, sighing happily when John’s arm close around him. He relaxes a bit more, tangling his legs with John’s and letting his hands find his lower back.
“With any luck, yes.” John grinned and stalked back towards the bed. “God, you are a sight to behold.” He put down the condom and lube on the side table before practically attacking Sherlock’s nipples with his lips. It wasn’t the most comfortable position, bend over the bed, but he didn’t much care at the moment. His hand grabbed Sherlock’s and with their fingers entwined he first let it wander down the other’s body, coming tantalisingly close to the straining erection before picking their joined hands up and placing them on his own chest.
“You barely know me,” Sherlock replies in a murmur, pressing them closer and John isn’t sure he’s aware he’s doing so.
Different scenarios running through his head, most of them ending with Sherlock not coming back for the night, turn his stomach into knots. Victor’s intention couldn’t have been clearer, and surely Sherlock picked up on them, and yet still agreed to dinner. That could only mean he knows what he was getting into, right?
I dare hope you are alright, and that you and John managed to find your own ways to communicate. Those letters were never meant to remain secret, and discussing their contents with one another is really inevitable at this point. I know for sure you’re going to wish to discuss what I’m about to write down with John, and once again, I encourage you to do so.
“Oh course I know what twitter is,” Sherlock replies, “But it still doesn’t explain what I’m looking at.”
John shakes his head, shutting his eyes, “That’s also what I’m afraid of, right there. You can’t just delete all the bad things, and decide it didn’t happened.”
The sound of the water boiling brings him back to reality, and Sherlock pours himself a mug of tea, eyes still on the local newspaper. Nothing new it seems, two articles about the degradation of the beaches, one about a local carpenter and some news from London. Sherlock saves the crosswords for later and sets the paper aside, taking his mug with him to the garden and sitting down on one of the chair. It’s still quiet this early, and for just a second, Sherlock forgets about anything else. He closes his eyes, the morning sun warming his face and the light breeze making the leaves swirl on the ground.
Breathing out as quietly as he can, Sherlock focuses on the warmth still radiating from John’s body. He takes comfort in it, trying to gather the courage to shift closer, even just one hand reaching for his, when John’s voice suddenly fills the silence, “That was okay, right?”
“See,” Quentin says, sounding more and more alarmed. “He would have said something if he’d just changed his mind.”
“You get out of your pants while I get some lube and condoms?” John smirked, sitting back on his haunches and pulled his shirt off. He let the muscles on his torso stretch a bit before throwing the shirt somewhere to the side. “I want to see you naked and stretched out on the bed.” Quickly John swung himself off the bed, leaving Sherlock dazed on top of the sheets while he looked through his backpack.
Sherlock accepts the kiss with a soft sigh, leaning for another one when John pulls away. He remains close afterward, their nose almost brushing.
And this John is making it feel so… easy. He writes about how natural it was to just be with you, I mean this other you. He calls him my Sherlock, you know. This other you belonged to that John. Can you imagine it, belonging to another person this way? Is it something you ever even considered?
John releases a quiet breath, squeezing and letting himself find comfort in the warmth of Sherlock's hand. He can't start to panic now, not now that Sherlock has confessed that he loves him too, not now that it's all within their reach.
I hate this, Sherlock. I hate that I can’t stop staring at my name attached to yours. I hate that I can’t stop picking up that photo of you - no, of him, and wonder what it would feel like to kiss you awake. I hate that this is the closest I will ever get to what I dreamt about for years. I hate that I am now waiting for the next letter, the next photo.
“I must say it was,” Sherlock replies. “Almost felt like any other time we went to a restaurant together.”
John takes his time, and Sherlock loves him, loves him to a point where he can’t take his eyes off him, can’t look away from his focused, concerned face as he thrusts one, two, three fingers in ever so slowly. Sherlock loves him, and thinks this could probably destroy him, could break him apart and shatter him whole. But suddenly there is John lowering himself on top of him again, pushing inside him with something so very bright shining in his eyes, and Sherlock loves him, loves him, loves him.
“You don’t have to,” Sherlock replies, watching as John opens his eyes again, looking directly at him.
John doesn’t reply, doesn’t even turn to look at him. Sherlock curses at himself. He won’t get any closer to kissing the man if he talks to him this way.
Sherlock looks down at his hands, fingers clenched in the hem of his shirt, “Of course you can stay.”
Sherlock didn’t bother replying. He simply turned around and looked at the signs in front of  him. The restaurant they needed to go to was on the opposite side of the airport and Sherlock wasted no time to inform John about their destination. He could already hear John’s footsteps following him anyway. They reached the restaurant quickly, without a word being exchange and once again Sherlock realised their shared silence hadn’t been awkward or forced in any way. John truly seemed comfortable just following him, as if he was already trusting Sherlock enough to let him decide for the both of them.
He knows exactly what he wants to do, but he’s not certain it’s what he should do. There was a time when he wouldn’t have hesitated a second, storming out of here and getting things done. But now, with memories of all that happened, all that could have been avoided, Sherlock has learned to think first and act second. And in this very moment, acting is probably the worse option.
Sherlock remains still for a long moment, feeling like he could burst out laughing too any second and having no idea why, because, really, it’s only sauce. But John’s smile is reaching his eyes, and Sherlock can’t remember the last time he saw anyone so mesmerising, and he lets out a small laugh. That’s all it takes for John to join him, and they end up laughing over misplaced sauce or maybe something else entirely, Sherlock isn’t sure anymore and he finds that he doesn’t care. John is laughing, because of him, with him, and there isn’t a chance he’s ever going to delete such a moment.
John represses a sigh, turning away from the pasta he's cooking to look back at Sherlock and Rosie in the living room. "Halloween was yesterday, remember?"
. Sherlock grabbed his key card and was out of the room in less than a minute. He was going to find John and let him decide for the both of them. For once Sherlock was going to relinquish the control to someone else.
“She should be sleeping,” Sherlock says, eyes back on the road. “She didn’t get her two hours nap this morning.”
The suspect was just within Sherlock’s sight and with John’s broader body obscuring him, the man couldn’t spot Sherlock watching him. Sherlock only needed to find something that could incriminate him without any doubt. If he arrested Jason now, without any reliable proof, the police would let him go and Sherlock’s chance of finding him again would be reduced to naught.
Realising how much of an easy prey he must look like, sitting at a bar without a drink, Sherlock finally decides to get in there. He abandons his seat, focusing on the music only and goes to find a place in the middle of the mass. It’s always been easy to lock himself in his own head, even when surrounded by so many people, and right now, Sherlock is alone in this room, alone with the music. He takes his time, his body swaying slowly at first, letting the rhythm settle deep inside his chest before truly starting to dance. He keeps his eyes closed, arms and legs and waist following each beats.
"There's this place I always thought you'd like not very far away," Sherlock replies, looking back at him with such softness that it makes John's heart beat just a little faster.
"Fuck," John curses, not realising this plan of his might not have been that clever after all. He breathes out deeply, the hand that had been drifting down Sherlock's back stopping.
Sherlock wakes up just a little disoriented. He stares up at the ceiling, identifying the few marks here and there and suddenly feeling very much awake. His first instinct is to look at his right, heart stopping at the sight of a still asleep John Watson. Trying to calm his heart and breathing down, he makes a quick mental check of his state : clothed, no headache, a bandage of his right hand. None explaining why he finds himself in John’s bed in the middle of the day. He tries not to think of all the times he imagined such a scenario, not what could have happened to make it a reality.
John sighs, rubbing his hand gently against Rosie's leg, "I don't understand, babies usually love car rides." Rosie's criers a little harder at that, as if to prove him just how wrong he is, and John tries to shush her softly. "It's alright, sweetheart, we're almost there."
The ringtone echoing makes him jump. He almost drops Rosie’s bottle as he hurries to get it, breath short until he catches the name on the screen. He swallows back disappointment and picks up, “Greg, hi.”
"Doesn't look like he ever will," Mycroft replies, and the words wash over Sherlock like a sudden rush of bright happiness.
"Yes," Sherlock breathes, fingers now exploring every inch of John's chest. "John, you are a marvel."
John tries to focus on a movie after but gives up quickly, eyes falling shut all too often. He heads for the shower, making it an efficient one and stumbles onto Sherlock waiting outside the door when he’s finished.
Three knocks on his door pull him out of his thoughts, and he looks up to find Sherlock standing in the doorway, “I have to go out for a hour or so. We can have lunch when I come back, if you want.”
John frowns, "Arnold?" Sherlock nods slowly, the name making his entire body tense. "I was dancing," John says, almost daring Sherlock to say anything about it. "Just like you were."
John rubs a hand against his nape, replying carefully, “We’ll see about that. It’s been awhile since we last lived together you know.”
John stares at him, unable to hold back his laughter this time and Arnold joins him after a second. "Sorry," he says. "I'm terrible at this, always have been."
In the end it was ridiculously easy. A soft smile here, a compliment there, some deliberate show of the strength hiding beneath his clothes and John had her eating out of his hand. He had already decided to leave her a big tip, just so his mind could rest a bit easier. Normally she would have been his type entirely but now there was a young, enigmatic, dark haired student waiting and John really wanted to see how far he would get. So with one more dazzling smile he paid for the drink and thanked her. Now he only had to wait inconspicuously for Sherlock’s plan to unfold.
Four different universe where John and I exist. And he knows about them all. He's observed them all, maybe even contact them all.
John looks away, the hole seeming somehow bigger now. He needs to think quickly. Sherlock is going to come upstairs, sleep in his bed, and probably notice and deduce every single clothes, folds in the sheets and half-closed drawers, even in his current state.
“Told you he wasn’t listening!” Montgomery exclaims, walking toward him with John. “We’ve been calling you for the past ten minutes!”
“A four?” John asks with a small laugh, starting to eat and Sherlock forces himself to pick at his own food as he replies.
John bursts into laughter, quickly followed by Sherlock. He kisses him again, needing to taste it directly from his lips.
"Hmm," John nods, eyes fluttering closed and Sherlock follows his example. They remain still for a small eternity, the prospect of all that might happen now making it hard to focus, but Sherlock forces himself to register the exact feeling of John's breath against his lips, so very warm.
John isn't sure how long they remain this way, pulling away only to kiss again right away, but Sherlock is slowly relaxing into the touch, making it easier for John to truly break them apart this time, "Sofa?" He asks, taking advantage of Sherlock's dazzled look to walk them both towards it. He sits down slowly, Sherlock taking the space next to him, and he waits until Sherlock's eyes focus on him again before saying, "All right?"
Their lips meet in a chaste, soft kiss that takes all the remaining breath trapped in John’s lungs away. He doesn’t push further and neither does Sherlock. They remain there, kissing, for very long minutes, pulling away only to kiss again. John isn’t sure how long they keep this dance going, or how many kisses they end up sharing, but soon Sherlock is all but shaking in his arms and so John gathers him close. Sherlock tucks his head against his neck, arms coming to circle John’s waist and holding on tightly.
"Not always," John smiles, stroking Sherlock's chest very, very slowly. He circles one nipple, Sherlock's breath catching, before moving away again. He repeats the motion without ever changing the pace, going as slow as he can manage, and by the time Sherlock is moaning every time he brushes one nipple, John is beaming at him.
We both pull away for air, and I keep my eyes closed, letting the moment linger just a bit more. John smiles, and I marvel at sensation of feeling the stretch of his lips against mine,
Sherlock opens his eyes. John is still lying on his side, still fully clothed, still staring right at him. Neither of them move for a long moment, only the sound of their breathing echoing through the room, and Sherlock tries to remember the last time he felt as if it was all slipping through his fingers.
” Sherlock moaned again, twisting his finger into John’s short hair. The aching need was making him feel dizzy, and Sherlock itched to touch and taste even more of John.
John sighs, his breath warm against Sherlock’s lips. “I was being an idiot, choosing for you, making that… man go away when it’s was entirely up to you. I had no right to-”
“Yes” John moaned, “Definitely” He pressed his lips to the underside of Sherlock’s jaw, pushing the other’s head up and back as he kissed his way down the long neck. When his lips encountered the shirt he reluctantly brought his hands up to undo the buttons, licking and kissing each revealed patch of skin. With the last button he gently nipped at Sherlock’s belly button while his hands parted the shirt.
John chuckled softly. He wasn’t sure what he had gotten himself into but it promised to be a lot more entertaining than sitting at a closed gate. He took a look at the other, obviously not being able to tell nearly as much just by the outer appearance of someone.
“Someone is framing me,” Victor explains. “The police is saying I’ve stole millions of dollars which, of course, I haven’t.”
He doesn’t hesitate to light a cigarette this time, and he blows the smoke slowly, apparently unable to look away from his phone. It doesn’t stop him from jumping in surprise when it chimes, twice,  and he almost drops it as he hurries to read John’s answer.
“They’re going to ask us questions, Sherlock,” John sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. “They are going to want to know how we got together, won’t they?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies, realising how ridiculous they might look, saying goodbyes as if never to see each other again.
"How?" He asks, not yet ready to take what he's witnessing at face value. Sherlock had to be faking again, this is all for a case. It can't be serious. It can't.
XX32: Are you certain? I meant what I said, Sherlock. I want us to take our time, but as the same time, I need you to know how I feel, how I always felt. I really, really don’t want to ru-
“I found where the suspect was hiding but it was barely a four in the end, so I let Lestrade take care of the arrest,” Sherlock sighs. “Saved me the paperwork.”
The smile John gives him makes his heart miss a beat. “I’ll call you?” Sherlock nods before frowning when John takes a step backward. “Goodnight, then.”
Sherlock moans into the next kiss, and the one after that. They settle back against one another after a few more, John’s lips not leaving Sherlock’s skin for long. Leaving trail of kisses up and down his nape, he lets his thumb stroke Sherlock’s chest as well, slow and soft.
John isn't in control anymore, his every sense on fire, and he pushes into Sherlock's body, already desperate for more. Letting go of his hand, Sherlock slides both of his down John's back and onto his arse, applying more pressure to their already glued bodies. Moaning at the clear evidence of Sherlock's arousal against his own, John raises both hands to his head, pushing away the ridiculous pirate hat and threading his fingers through Sherlock's curls, deepening the kiss even more. He holds back a cry of surprise when Sherlock pulls him off the door only to take his place there, keeping them close, and this new position makes John's blood boil with desire.
"Do you really think I would let Sherlock live with him if I wasn't?" Mycroft asks, not giving him the time to say anything else before hanging up and John lets his head fall backward, tears of frustration pearling at his eyes.
It takes a full five minutes into their walk for John to dare and reaches for Sherlock’s hand. He holds his breath, tentatively lacing their fingers together, and releases it when he feels Sherlock squeezing his hand. He catches Sherlock smiling broadly at him and there isn’t much John can do against the light chuckle that escapes him.
John doesn't have anything to say to that, so he keeps quiet. Somehow, he understand that perfectly. After meeting both of Sherlock's parents and seeing the constant worry in their eyes every time they talked about him. Surely believing he was now part of a family must reassure them.
“Can’t say I’m not glad you were,” John says, almost grinning now, and Sherlock doesn’t dare look away.
Sherlock nods, already sliding both hands down John's back and onto his arse. John smiles against his lips, starting to rock against him again and pulling one of Sherlock's legs up and around his waist, "Easier," he breathes.
“Soldier, remember?” John hummed and pressed his body back to Sherlock’s, coaxing his tongue back out to play. Having the smooth, pale chest beneath him was like a dream. His mind tried to remind him that he had only gotten the okay for one night. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to treat Sherlock like any other fuck. He wanted to make it at least a bit special.
It’s only when Sherlock pushes himself harder against him that John realises the state they’re both in. He’s the one to moan this time, already feeling desperate for more, but he manages to pull away just enough to rest their foreheads together, “Sherlock, I-”
“So,” he forces himself to say without having anything else to add, and he glances at Sherlock only to find him frowning even more than before. They stare at each other for a long moment, still holding hands and yet John can’t remember feeling so lost. He opens his mouth a few times, words forming in his throat without ever breaching his lips, and he finally gives up with a loud sigh, “I’ve made it awkward.”
“Out of the way, out of the way.” Sherlock heard two security guards scream as they made their way to John and Marks, still on the ground.
John’s hand slides up his side, coming to rest where neck meets shoulder, and Sherlock lets him brush their lips together softly.
“Well, we just need to create one and then, you reply to him.” Another laugh escapes him, and Sherlock is fairly sure he’s laughing at him this time. “You know what, let me do this.”
“Good, good,” John says, looking at the front door and breathing in deeply before raising his hand to the door, not yet knocking.
With his heart on his lips, John pushes the front door open and steps out in the open. The noise of the city reassures him, making all of it almost natural, the two of them standing right in the middle of the city and yet trapped in their own time and space.
Sherlock gets up, setting his mug down and puts on his shoes before joining him. Attending to the four hives he had acquired four years ago is the brightest moment of his day, and Sherlock takes the time to protect himself before going to the first one, thinking back on Rosie’s words. Toby is playing with some of the bees, having gotten used use to being stung, and Sherlock lifts the lid carefully. He inspects each one slowly, collecting some honey in the third and fixing the last. Toby has long deserted him when he’s finished, and he puts his equipment back in the shed before walking back toward the house.
“I had pretty much the same train of thoughts,” John replies, brushing Sherlock’s feet more firmly. “I am still amazed we woke up without having moved a muscle.”
The waitress came back with their drinks and John sipped in silence. Sherlock never touched his. It was only twenty minutes later that the solution to their case presented itself.
Starting to realise there wasn't much he could still listen to without letting the growing jealousy inside him explode, John gets to his feet and walks to the kitchen. He pours himself a glass of water, drinking quickly while trying to calm himself. He can hear the two of them whispering from here, the words too quiet and the intimacy too natural. He glances over to the chairs, witnessing another kiss that make his stomach turn. "Fuck," he curses silently, considering leaving now and finding something to punch.
Actually, I want to talk about that night, about Irene Adler and what she said. You know I heard it, and even though back then I wasn’t able to talk about it, I am now. The thing is, John, I’ve always known you were jealous. I deduced it the first week after you moved in. We had a client, a woman who clung onto me when we arrived at the crime scene. I remembered that I didn’t even get the time to make her leave me alone and you were already pushing her away, gently of course, and trying not to be too obvious, but I saw it immediately. And it kept on going, with clients, strangers or friends, you had this tendency to remain close to me, to make sure everyone in the room stayed away from me when you were there. And people did stay away. They saw it too, you made it clear with simple gestures that I, somehow, was yours. So yes, I’ve always known and there were times when I played with this fact. I wanted to make you jealous, wanted to see you step closer, lean closer, even make contact. In the end, I don’t think I was even subtle about it. Janine was… a lot. She played me as much as I played her, and when you came that morning, I think she saw right through you, and it felt like being on a stage, playing a couple, just for you. And that’s not good, I know it’s not good. I’m sorry, if reading this now makes you angry, I’m sorry. Truly, sorry.
Sherlock isn’t sure how they manage to land on the bed, but when John pushes him onto his back slowly, settling between his legs and kissing him more deeply, Sherlock hopes he will never get used to the feeling. Sliding his fingers down John’s back, he pulls away from the kiss only to pant against John’s lips, the feeling of their erections pressed together suddenly overwhelming, “John, I…”
Sherlock raised his knee, planting his feet on the mattress and he felt John’s hands slide up and down his thighs, his mouth finally lowering onto Sherlock’s cock. The heat was almost too much and Sherlock arched his back, his cock sliding even deeper inside John’s marvelous mouth. John began to suck in earnest, one of hand circling Sherlock’s cock at the base, tightening his grip when Sherlock started to thrust lightly into his mouth. Sherlock tried to stop, breathing out slowly and concentrating on the ceiling above him, but every one of John’s movements was making him lose his mind.  He shut his eyes tightly, feeling his climax approaching rapidly. It was hard to decide if he wanted to come right that moment, John’s mouth working on him with devotion, or if he needed to feel John inside him as he came. He only had this night after all, and Sherlock had to know what it would be like to give himself to John entirely.
Sherlock enters without knocking, changed into his navy suit. He meets John's eyes for a brief second before focusing on Horsen. Lestrade sighs loudly before beginning, "Alright, since you don't know much, let's take it from the start. This is Steven Horsen, a serial killer who only kills on Halloween night. He’s already killed four people, but it was Sherlock who managed to link them all a few months ago. All four murders took place in different cities, and with a complete year between them, the police didn't make the connection."
John glances up, almost wishing to catch Sherlock staring at them from the window but finding the curtain closed.
“You’ve been so impatient the whole time.” John growled, pulling Sherlock so he was sitting squarely on his lap, “Now you can show me how prettily you can fuck yourself.” In contrast to his words, he was already planting his feet on the mattress because this was only thought as an illusion of control for Sherlock. “Go on, you wanted more. Take it.”
It was only two hours later that Sherlock found himself in front of yet another gate. He sat in one of the chair and unlocked his phone, texting Lestrade about his return. The DI would probably want to see him right away and Sherlock actually looked forward to explaining everything.
“It would have been too fast, too premature. I wasn’t ready for anything really when it came to relationship and we barely knew each other. Maybe it would have been brilliant, maybe it would have worked instantly.” John closes his eyes briefly, breathing in deeply. “But maybe it would have ruined us.”
So John's POV won, so I'll try to make chapter 15 his POV because you'll see, it'll fit perfectly there!
“I thought I’ll come by and see if you want to have lunch,” Sherlock says, stopping by his desk and leaning down for a kiss.
You fall asleep next to him and it’s like blindly reaching for a hand next to you and finding it there, it’s like turning on the radio just when your favorite song is playing, it’s like the familiar smells of your childhood coming back to you. It’s his eyes fixed on you, his smile against your lips, his body warm and pliant. It’s knowing he’s right there, where you can reach for him, where you can feel him,
"The picture striked me as odd the moment I looked at it, something not quite adding up with all the rest," Sherlock begins to explain, detaching his hand from John's to examine the painting. "Every piece of furniture in the room is perfectly aligned, every object in its place, everything planned consciously. Expect this one."
“I’m sorry,” John laughs this time, feeling more and more stupid about the entire matter. “I just thought you should know that I’m not asking for-”
John glances back at the still silent Mat- no, Horsen. "You really thought you could fool Sherlock Holmes?" Not moving, Horsen only glares up at him. "What? Lost your tongue?"
This letter was supposed to be about the fourth universe only, but considering the recent development in your own universe, I’m going to have to change the plan a little. So before going down to that universe, I want to talk to you about what’s happening inside your head right this moment.
Sherlock clears his throat, fingers tightening around the wheel, and John decides to wait silently for him to be ready to say whatever it is he's been holding back for so long now. He watches as Sherlock's lips part twice without a sound coming out, and when he lets out a deep sigh, John knows he just gave up a battle within himself.
They meet in the middle, already desperate for more. Sherlock’s hands find his neck again, and John depends the kiss, the impossible feeling of Sherlock’s entire body being pressed against his now making his head spin a little.
Sherlock nods, a lump in his throat, and he closes his eyes to regain some composure. John laughs again, quietly, and he places their hands on his leg, squeezing. Keeping his eyes shut, Sherlock waits only a second before dropping his head back on John’s shoulder, breathing him in. Time seems to have sped up, the cab already stopping at Baker Street and all too soon, they’re out again. John fumbles with his keys, his right hand still in Sherlock’s, but he gets the door open and they’re climbing the stairs up to the flat rather quickly. Sherlock is laughing too when they finally find themselves standing in the middle of their living room.
“We’ll find out soon enough,” John replies, having taken the tickets. “Our train leave in less than 10 minutes, we got lucky there.”
Mrs Hudson glances at the stairs behind her, sighing, "He's been really busy lately, dear. Working case after case, I've barely seen him myself you know."
“Of course, yes. I can’t take you to the bank, but I can bring them here in less than a hour if that’s alright?”
"Talking," Sherlock replies after a second, sounding all too in control when John still feels as if he could either explode or implode at any moment.
I'm going on vacation next week so I probably won't be able to update every day. I'll try my best, but no promises...
“Wait,” Sherlock calls as John begins to turn away, but the moment he’s looking at him again, Sherlock loses his nerve.
The cab stops just as Quentin is about to grab Sherlock’s arm and demand an answer. As usual, Sherlock is out first. John makes sure Quentin is able to stand and follow before heading after him. They find him already talking to a woman at one of the counter, and John suppresses a smile when he hears the high ton of Sherlock’s acting voice.
The first time John wakes up, it’s still the middle of the night. The moon is casting a faint light in the bedroom, and John’s eyes meet Sherlock’s, staring back at him. They don’t say a word, their breathing filling the air. And when Sherlock slowly rolls onto his back, one hand closed around John’s arm, John goes willingly, falling back on top of him. In the end, Sherlock gets to experience only kisses and friction, their moans dying in each others mouths and the feeling of
. It’s his hair on the pillow, his hands on your hip, his breath against your skin. It’s knowing he’s right here, where you can reach for him, where you can feel him,
Sherlock shivers as the pressure of their joined bodies sends another wave of pleasure down his belly. He locks one leg around John’s waist, bringing them ever closer as the words that he had been too afraid to speak all these years finally spill out. John kisses him harder when he begins to shake, and Sherlock holds on tightly to him, coming between their stomachs and swallowing John’s own cry of pleasure as he comes too. It takes a long minute for Sherlock to realise just how quickly it all went, and he feels himself blush again.
“Rosie called me this morning,” John says suddenly, forcing Sherlock to focus back on the two of them again. “She couldn’t believe I was really here, I can’t remember the last time I heard her so excited.”
“I don’t know what I want,” Sherlock replies after a moment longer. “I thought that was fairly obvious.”
Violet keeps the conversation going all through lunch, going from Rosie to the cases to Mrs Hudson’s health. John answers most of the questions, letting Sherlock fills some of the details here and then. Strangely, or not if you believe Sherlock, they don’t ask a single question about them or their relationship. They are delighted when John asks them if they can take care of Rosie this evening, but that is all. No questions about where they are going or what they are going to do. Sherlock casts him a knowing look as they take back the dishes to the kitchen, which John chose to ignore entirely.
The sun has not quite risen yet when Sherlock wakes up choking on air, a hand clasped on his chest and the sensation of drowning still too real. He rolls to his side purely based on instinct, breath still coming short and shallow. His hands find John first, sliding up and around his waist until they’re settled against his lower back, secured, safe. Then, his entire body collide softly against John’s, legs and arms and chest fitting into the spaces made for him - and him only. He finds his breath again in the creek of John’s neck, where his skin is warm and just a little sweaty, just enough for the scent to infiltrate Sherlock’s skin and bones. He sighs, low and quiet, the shivers he hadn’t yet noticed coming to a stop. He allows himself a second more before closing back his eyes, the cold, freezing air from his dream fading away with every rise and fall of John’s chest against his own. He lets one finger trace the familiar mark of the scar on John’s back, a out of shape circle acquired after a case in Wales, the memory of a knife that had come too close. He strokes the scar over and over, copying his breathing to John’s, revelling into the marvelling fact that they’re both here, alive and warm and close. He kisses the skin offered to him, silently worshiping the man still asleep in his arms, and with one last ragged breath, follows him.
He brushed his hand against John’s crotch, the jeans not concealing the impressive bulge underneath and John thrusted light into Sherlock’s touch. Sherlock moved his lips to John’s neck, massaging John’s erection slowly and enjoying the frustrated noise coming out of John’s mouth above him. Sherlock tightened his grip, adding more pressure to the caress and John moaned loudly. Sherlock knew he wouldn’t get to tease too much before John took back control, and he began to unzip him. Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s chest so he could look down. He bit his lips and pushed John’s jeans down, revealing a black pair of pants and the head of John’s cock just out of the waistband. Sherlock ran one finger across it and John cup his head again, tilting it so he could crash their mouth back together as Sherlock pushed the pants down, John stepping out of his clothes. Sherlock nipped at John’s lower lip one last time before pulling away, lying down on the bed again, opening his arm in a clear invitation.
“Well, Sherlock,” John breathes, taking a step closer and all of the sudden, Sherlock can’t seem to be able to move anymore. “That was amazing.”
You can choose to believe me or not, and I’m going to give you the time I know I would have needed to make a decision before sending another letter. I promise to explain all there is to understand then. But before you make up your mind, let me tell you the only reason I choose to write this letter in the first place.
“When I first read Quentin’s email,” Sherlock cuts him. “I immediately realise this case could be an interesting one. Not in the sense that it would be difficult to find you, not at all really, but humanly interesting.”
“I invented the job,” Sherlock felt the urge to explain, “I help the police whenever they need, and I’m on the verge of catching an international murderer, along with his secret organization.”
"I understand," John says softly, as Sherlock starts to shake in his arms again. "After all we've been through, all that's happened, I think we didn't have any other choice than to believe it would never happen."
"Since you didn't take my advice at the time," Mycroft continues, sounding all too serious now. "I was wondering if you would consider it once more, now that the two of you are reunited."
John’s face breaks into a grin again, and it takes all of Sherlock’s self control not to kiss him right here and there. He reaches for his hand instead, holding on tightly and letting his own eyes express all he’s feeling. He smiles as John’s thumb starts to stroke his palm softly, a comfortable silence settling around them. If he focuses hard enough, Sherlock can hear Rosie walking around upstairs, getting out of the shower and into her room, and he wonders if he should ask John to his room directly.
Sherlock couldn’t wait to see Mycroft’s face. His brother had been more than opposed to his departure in the first place, reminding to Sherlock that University would to start again soon and that even he had to study, a fact that Sherlock had proven wrong in a matter of seconds. Of course Sherlock had ignored him entirely, choosing to forget that he was under Mycroft’s care for yet another year and that his brother actually had the power to make him stay in London. But then, Mycroft always knew when to back away.
“John!” He cried out, quickening his movement before going still entirely, his come landing on John’s chest. He continued to stroke himself until he became over sensitive, whispering one last “John” before relaxing, his sharp eyes still fixed on John
He's not sure how long he remains there, eyes closed and the water making his skin redder and redder. It's only when Sherlock calls his name on the other side of the door that he remembers he can't just stand there, wondering what it would have been like to touch Sherlock in all the right ways at least once.
“I’m quite happy with kissing you for now, more than happy actually,” John says softly, his lips coming to brush Sherlock’s forehead. “We have all the time in the world for all that come next.”
Because, you see, coming home to you had been the only thing that kept me alive those two years I spent away. Despite the torture, despite the hiding, despite the death and fights and cold nights, I stayed alive because I knew, someday, I’d be able to come home to you. And, stupidly enough, in none of the scenarios I let myself imagine, were you about to be engaged.
Sherlock is already sitting in one of the chairs facing Lestrade's desk, and John barely has the time to sit down himself before he starts, "Everything went as planned. Horsen bought the costume, came back home around seven and we left at eight-fourteen to go to the club."
Sherlock breathed in John’s scent one last time and began to stand up. Somehow John’s stare made him uncomfortable and he hurried up to the bathroom after taking a new pair of pant. He caught sight of himself in the mirror and notice the numerous places where John had sucked bruises onto his skin or planted his teeth. The mark would not fade for days, a constant reminder of John’s mouth and hands on his body. Shrugging off the bitter feeling, Sherlock turned on the water and thoroughly cleaned himself of all and any trace of sweat and come. He tried to imagine John next door, cleaning up the bed they had shared for a glorious moment. Sherlock kept his back to the door, not wanting to stare at it while stupidly hoping John would find the courage to join him and reverse the course of the evening.
“Victor,” he only says, standing up, and to John’s horror, accepting the hug Victor embraces him in.
Quentin sighs, sounding desperate, before looking back sharply at them, “Is there a city museum? He loves those, he said once every towns should have one.”
Sherlock’s eyes drop to his suitcase and John’s breath catches, speaking before he can think twice about it, “When you moved out, you said there were a room for me in your house.” Sherlock looks back at him, the years having marked his face and yet having only reinforced his beauty, and John forces himself to look away. Realising Sherlock isn’t going to reply, John inhales deeply before adding, “If that’s still the case, I’d like to take you up on that offer.”
“You’re looking too in case you haven’t noticed,” he replies, his own eyes scanning the people gathered in the overly crowded pub while desperately trying to fight the urge to turn around.
“It is not the point,” Sherlock sighed, cursing himself for not stealing ones of Lestrade’s before leaving.
"You should have told me you were coming," Sherlock says, wrapping both arms around her waist. "I would have prepared your bedroom."
thought about during all those years too. I want you to feel comfortable telling me. I want to share it all with you, absolutely everything. So this letter is about opening up to you and letting you know some more of my deepest secrets.
Sherlock slides his hand up and down John’s back, covered with sweat, their breath ragged in the quiet room. He holds on to his shoulders, staring up into those burning eyes, and feeling the sweet breaches of John’s thrusts into his body. He spreads his legs wider, loves this wonderful man harder.
John’s eyes flutter closed as he nods, the sound of his head rubbing against the pillow covering Sherlock’s sharp inhale. He forces himself not to flee, not to run away once again. John looks back at him, something close to determination settling over his face, and Sherlock finds there the courage to remain where he is.
“I’m sorry to come so early,” she apologises, “but I was wondering if I could get some more of your honey, we sold the last jar yesterday.”
Sherlock is about to protest again when he realises what Lestrade is showing him, and he has to read the few lines twice.
"I don't know," John replies, not believing he's actually thinking about doing as Arnold says. "It feels a bit... manipulative, you know."
“Oh yes,” Sherlock replies, meeting John’s eyes for the first time this morning. “Victor reminded me of this jam we used to buy, and he brought me some after lunch yesterday.”
John was tired. I could read it all over him. He barely met my eyes for the entire time we were together, but it didn’t matter. I could see the exhaustion in his movements, in the lines around his eyes, in the tone of his voice.
“No. I mean yes. I mean I want to. I mean —” John can’t help but smile at the sight of Sherlock’s frustrated face. “What you said,” Sherlock finally breathes out, his voice barely a murmur. “Seducing me. I want that.”
"Never," John replies honestly, and he feels Sherlock's foot slide higher on his leg. "I tell you what," he smiles. "Rosie needs to take a nap after lunch, so we'll see when she wakes up."
John sighs again, giving up entirely on making her stop fussing, and turn back to sit properly on his seat. Sherlock's right, they're still far from their destination and with no break planned, Rosie will simply have to finally fall asleep. They had left early, hoping she will finish her night in the car, but she had apparently other plans entirely. Glancing at her in the mirror, John can't help but worry about their time away. She's not used to leave her home, and John can't help but think spending three nights at Sherlock's parent's is going to be difficult.
This had Sherlock opening his eyes in less than a second, and he only has to look to see that John has his back turned to him already, obviously waiting for him to come closer. “Alright,” he breathes out, moving closer with his heart beating in his ears until he’s pressed against John’s entirely. It takes another minute or two for the two of them to find the right position, Sherlock’s chest against John’s back, and their legs tangled together. After a beat of stillness, John reaches for his hand and places it against his chest, trapped between his own.
John wakes up feeling incredibly warm. It only takes a second to identify the source of such heat, Sherlock’s entire body being currently pressed against his own. Unlike yesterday, John is the one who traveled all the way to the left side of the bed, having locked one arm around Sherlock’s wait and brought his back directly against his chest. Slowly, he register the plant of Sherlock’s foot against his, his nape barely millimeters away from his mouth and the addictive scent of him. John smiles, unable not to do so, and closes back his eyes. He silently thanks his mind and body for the lack of morning erection, letting him enjoy a few minutes more of
