america's ass: Umm.
irondad: you are so grounded
I am glad that you guys are liking this story! I am very new at this site since I mostly post my stories on Wattpad and Fanfiction.net.
“You don’t mean….. that….”
peter: you can't escape your feels with your heelies mr stark
that one guy: Steve is seriously the gayest guy I know
that one kid: or a woman
america's ass: That's not- No! I am just worry.. Why is he panicing?
peter: hi i am peter and i am mr. stark intern
Peter heard some people talking in the background and realized that Tony Stark was at a party. He felt the coldness coming back as he closed his eyes. "Y-Yeah. Everything is great! I'm just calling to let you know that I won't be able to come by tomorrow. My mom needs me to help around the house. Sorry for bothering you."
spidey: oh shet
america's ass: I didn't know you have a son, Tony. How come you never mention this to us?
“He is not my son. He is a mistake.” Mary snapped. She slowly got off under from the man and went quickly towards Peter. She grabbed his ear and twisted. She growled and went close to his face and whispers, “What the fuck are you doing out of you room, you fucking bastard?”
“Tony! God, damnit, Tony please say something!”
irondad: PETER STOP ADDING ME BACK
As soon as he made it to the floor, he instantly checks his lab to only find it dark and empty. Tears were already falling down his face and he started to feel the panic coming. He stops and tries to calm himself down by closing his eyes and evenly his breaths. As soon as he calms down, Steve automatically called out his man’s name.
He didn't feel safe in his home anymore. He felt so cold and empty in that apartment. This place no longer feels like home.
spidey: MR STARK DON'T HACK MY COMPUTER
Sadly, that dream had ended when it was time for him to go home. He looks at the time and felt his chest getting heavy. It was almost time when his mother is home. He quickly said his goodbyes and put on his mask. He knew that he had to go full Spiderman in order to get home on time. He was swinging around the buildings until he found a familiar apartment coming into his view. He sighed and goes through his window. Peter quickly changed out of his close and into his nightwear. Which is only sweats and a plain white t-shirt. He gulped when he already heard his mother drunkly barged into the door with laughter. He heard a male voice and he grew confused.
amercia's ass: Why is my name America's ass?
irondad: kid why tf are you even texting
irondad: don't say that stuff, peter
Peter walks out of the complex and into the cold night of Queens. He still felt tears going down his face as his mind was going into 100 miles per hour. It felt like yesterday that his mother was giving him hugs and telling him that she loves him. It felt like yesterday that his loving mother was still with him, but now she is gone. He use to stand so tall and felt so proud of himself. Now? He doesn’t feel that way. He felt so small and weak. His mother use to make him feels like everything was okay, like everything was going to be alright. Felt like nothing could go wrong.
irondad: and how do you know that they aren't friendly
america's ass: I have no comment. I don't understand what is going on.
Where would he go? He doesn’t want anyone to know what is happening. Everyone has their own problems and he didn’t want to bother anyone else. He doesn’t have money, or his costumes, or phone. He locked his window, so he couldn’t go back in. He has nowhere to go.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of these Marvel characters!
that one kid: i dont smoke
Peter stood up slowly from the corner and walked towards the mirror. The cut was already healing, meaning that it wasn't too deep. He knew that he will have bruises and a slight scar but, he is thanking God that it was Saturday. The bruises will be gone by the time he gets to school on Monday. Peter continued to stare at himself and saw a broken boy. His bloodshot eyes and dry blood was in plain sight and he couldn't stand to see the stranger in the mirror anymore. That's all he is now to himself. A broken stranger.
Peter didn't understand how it happen or why it happen, but he knows that it shouldn't happen. His parents gave him so much love, well, he wasn't too sure about his father since he was hardly there. His mother though, gave him so much love and comfort, so it was unbelievable when he saw how much she changed.
irondad: wait
mama widow: bs
The sound of the door banging was what woke him up from his nap. Peter looked at the time and groaned slightly. It was 8:17pm. He had only been sleeping for 4 hours and he was not in the mood to be bothered. The banging continued to get louder and that's when the door has been slammed open and the angry face of his mother appear. Peter quickly stood up and held his pillow tightly as he heard the cold voice going through his ears.
spidey: there is a lot of stony
Peter's eyes widen at his mother's language. He'd never heard her cursed at him and that was shaking him quite enough. "Um.. I didn't, Mom. Are you okay? Are you drunk?"
america' ass: what is ship?
"Hey, Kid. I can't really talk right now. Is everything okay?"
I will be posting chapter 3 soon! So, please comment, bookmark, leave kudos! It helps me keep going.
The ringing felt like it has gone for hours. Maybe he wouldn't answer? Maybe he's busy?
green: so, peter basically had weed and got caught
(See the end of the chapter for
america's ass: no comment.
"Peter?"
irondad: fuck
Steve's eyes snapped when he realized that it was the flip phone. He quickly grabbed it and saw a long text from the man that got away.
haw-keyy: who here doesnt believe this crap say bs
28 minutes later, Steve has finally arrived on what felt like forever ride to the Tower. He continues to pray to an unknown God that his gut feeling was wrong. Steve knocked on the door with all his might, “Tony! Open the door! I know that you are there!” The man tries to keep his Captain America voice but its slipping.
haw-keyy: yeah, tony, dont escape your feelings with your heelies
that one kid: bye
"Will do." With that, Peter quickly hung up before Tony could say his goodbye. Coldness was all Peter felt. It hurt so much. Never had he felt this alone. He always had someone but tonight all that changed. He could always call Ned or MJ, but Peter didn't want to bother them.
irondad: ugh, fine. make it quick.
the mama and papa discover the world of fanfictions
irondad: what the fuck are fanfictions
"YOU FUCKING RUINED EVERYTHING. HE LEFT BECAUSE OF YOU. I SHOULD HAVE LISTEN TO HIM AND ABORT YOU WHEN I HAD THE FUCKING CHANCE."
Peter didn't say a word because he already knew what happen. His father left them. By the seems of it, it was official this time. He felt his heart ache for his parents and kept a strong face.
america's ass: Tony... Can we at least listen to them and talk?
He slowly opens it and what he saw was worst than his nightmares.
haw-keyy: alot of people want iron man and Captain America to fuck
spidey: oh shit
peter: thank our lord
america'ass: Umm.. Ignore that.
that other guy: they are stories that people write of real people or fictional characters, some are.... not friendly.
that other guy: the kid is trying to help you get laid with stark
green: mission complete
america's ass: Hello??
. Listen to the song if you would like to have an idea on what the story's lesson.
He slid down with his back against the door and brought his knees close to his chest as he let a silent sob.
that one kid: so whats the plan
Steve didn’t hear a word. He looks around and saw a woman trying to speak to him but all he sees was blood. He looks down at his hands and closes. He was cover in blood. Tony’s blood. He felt his body shaking and the shock as finally came to him.
This chapter is base on the song
peter: welcome to chills
haw-keyy: sleep
There was no sound of the AI. There was no light in the tower.
irondad: what the fuck is stony
“And I told him that it wasn’t going to burn! Guess what happen? He almost set my kitchen on fire!” Tony was recalling to the team on what happen earlier with Peter trying to cook a pop-tart with a dangerous fire tool that he built. Peter blushes slightly out of embarrassment. Everyone started laughing and grinned at the youngest boy.
peter: notice how mr stark didnt deny about getting laid
america's ass: ^
"Mom..."
Steve’s mind kept re-reading the text, he felt the wetness on his cheeks. He is trying to not think of the meaning of this text but he had a bad feeling.
Tony knew that was a lie but he dismissed it. He shouldn't bother. "If you are sure. I got to go, let me know if anything happens."
All that changed when she choice his father’s love over his. His love wasn’t enough for his mother and that’s painful enough. He wasn’t enough for her.
"This isn't a big deal... This isn't a big deal... She won't do it again. She loves me. She loves me..." Peter whispered to himself, trying to convince himself. But that didn't stop him for being so afraid. All of his dreams were slowly dying and the silence was slowly killing him. He hated it when it got quiet. He hated having to be stuck with his own mind.
that one guy: notice how he didn't bother about the sex part
that one guy: umm
“I do. I want that... We are meant to be.” Steve cries out as he saw Tony open his eyes to look at him.
All that changed.
america's ass: What is going on?
No answer. Nothing. It was too quiet. It’s starting to feel cold, no one was here. He looks everywhere for his Tony, but luck has left him. Then his mind went to the one place he hasn’t check.
Peter sat down by a wall close enough to his apartment and hug himself. He can’t sleep again. He hasn’t been sleeping well since that night. He hasn’t been sleeping since his Uncle’s death.
“Please don’t leave me... I need you, Tony! I need you to come back to me! Do you hear me? I need you... I can’t live without you. I should have been here with you.”
irondad: THERE IS A PURE CHILD HERE
mama widow: i thought he was 12 lol
that one kid: but mr stark basically like stealing kids so
that one kid: bs
peter: they talk
haw-keyy: holy shit, stark kidnapped a teenager
spidey: have you guys ever read fanfictions of yourself
spidey: it's very.. weird
that one kid: its okay
spidey: Bucky is official the cool uncle
irondad: what
irondad: aren't you in class
Song for this Chapter: Through Glass by Stone Sour. I highly recommend to listen to the songs for each chapter to get the feeling for the story.
When Mary have left, Peter continued to whimper as he slowly crawled to the corner of his room. He went into fetal position and just cried. He felt so useless and never in his wild dreams, would he have he thought that his mother would beat him so badly. If he was a normal boy, he would be in a serious condition, but he wasn't normal. He was a superhero! He could have easily defended himself, but this was his mother. He couldn't hurt his mother. His mother wouldn't do this again, she loved him too much. This isn't a big deal.
spidey: you're not my dad >:(
haw-keyy: record that shit
that one kid: It wasnt my weed
haw-keyy: omg Tony, he clearly wants your dick
that one guy: first of all, rude
peter: so
Mary was growing impatient and throw Peter down. “You would fucking answer me when I’m fucking talking to you!” She screamed at him and kicked his back. Peter let out a cry once he felt her heels stabbing his back. He look at the man with his eyes screaming for some help but the man just grinned. He stood back and watch as his mother continues her kicks. Mary grabbed Peter’s ear once again and pull him up. “I’m so fucking tired of you. You ruined fucking everything. I want you out of this apartment and fucking die already!” She screamed at his ear. Her screams made his ear pop since everything was so heighten. Peter’s eyes widen as he felt his mother moving him towards the door.
bird guy: bet
irondad: who tf is heman?
“So, I believe that we are done for today. That was a lot quicker than I expected. Thank god that we are both geniuses.” Tony grinned at the young boy, as they were standing in the middle of the Stark Lab. Peter gave his mentor a small meaningful smile as he agrees.
“You are okay. We are going to get you help. Friday seems to be offline. I am here, Tony. Please, don’t close your eyes.”
haw-keyy: its what people what other two people to fuck
“We got a heartbeat!”
haw-keyy: bet
irondad: you all suck
spidey, how do you know what fanfictions are
Peter covers his ears and let out a small cry as he shut his eyes close. He felt his heart hurting once again and was trying so hard to not cry. He failed when tears began to fall again and a silent sob escaped his lips. He was so cold but this loneness feeling was too much for his. He was trying so hard to not listen to his own demons but its so heard when they are screaming at him and won’t shut up. Silents is what is truly killing him. They swallow him and spit him out. He began to feel his hatred towards himself to grow. Peter went into fetus position. He continues to cry over and over and over again until he can’t feel anymore. He can’t feel the coldness anymore.
that other guy: Steve you are a dumbass
that other guy: i gotcha
that one kid: o
Without a second thought, he went outside of his room and saw a man on top of his mother. He gasped but quickly cover his mouth. He wasn’t supposed to be out of his room. The two head snapped at the sound and saw the teen. Mary’s eyes become cold and her jaw was clenching.
The soldier quickly ran to Tony’s bedroom, he looked around and saw nothing but the light to the bathroom.
spidey: [ sent a video]
that one kid: mr captain america save me
heman: ay
irondad: AND EVEN THOUGH STEVE AND I WOULD MAKE AMAZING BABIES
"Why the fuck did you lock your door?"
green: bet
Steve carefully listen to the lyrics of the song while he closes his eyes. Trying to find a hidden message that Tony could possibly send.
that one kid: mr stark needs you
heman: bs
spidey: mr. stark that's you and mr. Captain America ship now
spidey: you are old af
“911, what’s your emergency?”
"No, I am not your mother. You are not my son. You ruin everything!" She snapped and got close to his face while standing up. She glared at him while tears were falling down on her face. She turns her back on him, leaving him on the cold ground while going to the kitchen. He slowly stood up after the shock of his mother angry voice. He slowly followed her to only watch her drowning herself with a bottle of vodka. She glared at him and threw a glass at the wall right next to him, screaming at Peter to leave.
that one guy: its very good for mpreg fanfic
america's ass: this was actually very nice. I would act like this
"Okay? Nothing will ever be okay, Peter! You ungrateful bastard. He left ME! The love of my LIFE LEFT ME BECAUSE OF YOU!" She screamed at him as she pushed him off of her. Peter saw the cold eyes of his mother and felt his spine frozen.
Huh. He clicks on the video while re-reading the text. The music started playing.
“God… Friday? Open the door!”
(See the end of the chapter for
After spending the day at the lab, the two of them decided it was dinner time. Peter didn’t want to go home at all, but he knew that he would need to go soon before his mother comes back that night and finds out that he has been sneaking off. Peter was still shaken at his mother’s recent behavior and is trying to avoid her as much as he can. So far, it hasn’t been successful. Peter sighed softy has he looks down at his food that Steve Rogers had made for the Avengers. Meeting the Avengers was a crazy time but Peter felt comfortable and love in this crazy group. They slowly start becoming his family even if they don’t know what’s really going on with his real family.
spidey: I couldn't stop reading it
america's ass: bet
mama widow: bet
america's ass: there is fan fiction of us?
"It's okay, Mom. We don't need him. You got me." Peter whispers softly into her ear. That was when everything stop.
Song of the Chapter: Behind These Hazel Eyes by Kelly Clarkson.
haw-keyy: bet they are going to be screwing each other by the end of the week
america's ass: ....
anymore.
amercia's ass: How do I use this phone?
that one kid: mr stark is pissed off
that one kid: they are so in love that its sick
haw-keyy: lock them in room and kept them there until they fuck it out
spidey:
“I can’t wait to test out these new upgrades! Mr. Stark, thanks. It’s pretty fun hanging out with you like this.”
He is torn into pieces on what have happen with his mother. For weeks he has been denying and pretending on what’s going on with his mother but now he can’t do that. He can’t deny it or pretend that his mother was still his loving mother. She is a monster, but he can’t let her go. Peter loves his mother so much to let her go. He can’t fight her or tell anyone on what she is doing to him. Not like anyone cares enough to help him. Tony? Maybe but Peter feels like he is becoming a bother to his mentor. He isn’t the kid that Tony wants. He is a killer and he breaks everything that he touches. He is broken.
“Amen to that.” Clint agreed and grinned at the boy.
But before he leaves, he needed to see him one more time, he needed to tell him that he will never stop love him. He looks at the flip phone and that one number. He so badly wants to call him. He shook his head and close the phone. He places it on the table that was beside his bed of his small apartment in Brooklyn. He lay down and stare at the ceiling. God, he misses Tony so much that it hurts. He suffers two long years with negative thoughts and he can’t handle the thought of the man who he believes is his soulmate.
Giving him a scarily big grin under his bushy beard, the captain took a swallow of his coffee and reminded him, “You already invested us a grant that will keep the operation going for another five years.”
When she expresses interest in cryptography, he’s quick to teach her what he knows.  When she asks for examples, he shows her the security systems guarding proprietary Stark Industries files.  When she wants to understand how such systems could possibly be bypassed, he doesn’t think twice about breaking into the servers, explaining the process as he goes along.
They stopped talking after that, chewing in silence.  Canned bologna wasn't Steve's favorite thing, but he certainly wasn't going to turn down anything that was offered.  When they were done, Steve looked at Tony and jerked his head toward the doorway, wordlessly asking if he was ready to go.  He got an answering sigh in response, Tony seemingly resigning himself to the fact that they were going to do this.  Then they picked out some of the things they thought they would need and left through the southwest exit as instructed.
"Well, it looks like a rock," Cap said, and Tony couldn't help but let out a snort of laughter.  "But…"
Tony leaned forward to get a better view.  "The tile that triggered the arrow says—Lian, I think.  It was the given name of one of the Shang kings.  The one next to it says horse.  And the next one is Song.  Another name."
"So you're making a smoke bomb," Steve said.
“Wait!” Rogers hissed, managing to find his arm and grabbing onto it.  “What are you thinking?  We need a plan!”
Tony frowned down at the words.  Most of Steve's entries followed that pattern - touching upon something that wasn't so good, only to quickly cover it up with an attempt at how maybe it would be okay after all.  And while Tony supposed that sort of attitude was normally a good thing (albeit certainly not one he had), something about the way it was coming off here felt… off. It wasn't Steve being optimistic, it was just more denial.
"We don't doubt it," Luke replied.  "But the thing is, two grown men ain't going to be carrying around baby formula, are they?"
Steve sighed and obediently stuck out his injured leg.  "I can do this myself."
"Yes, and now they wouldn't hesitate to kill her given half a chance."  Stark stepped in close, grabbing Steve's shoulders.  "See reason, Steve!"
The terror and chaos of those early days was hard to imagine.  "It's been five years, right?" Steve said.  "If there were biters here, they're probably gone by now."
The day was almost unbearably beautiful when they stepped out into the courtyard, with only a few clouds peppering the sky as the wind gusted around them.  Natasha and Steve carried the makeshift coffin out to the hole they'd dug earlier, while Yelena sat bundled up in a wheelchair nearby.  Tony limped alongside them—he'd sprained his ankle during the fight the day before, though apparently he hadn't seen the need to inform Steve until the topic couldn't be avoided anymore.  It was just like Tony, but for now, Steve couldn't find it in him to be upset.  They were alive, and that was more than what could be said for a lot of people.  For Bucky.
He looked back in time to see Cap ducking his head.  "It's the least I could do," Cap said.  His brows furrowed, like he was thinking hard about something, and then he added, "It's… important.  That you know.
," she said.
"Steve, you're dripping blood all over the place.  Just stay put.  We'll be back soon."
“Superheterodyne radio circuit,” Tony supplies.  “Definitely.  It’s the future, Steve.  Radio tuners and stain-resistant steel and folding wings for airplanes.  Just because my father doesn’t like it doesn’t mean I’m not thinking about it all the time.”  He scowls.  “…I don’t know why I brought him up.  I don’t want to talk about him.  Let’s talk about something else.”
Tony stared down at the folder.  "I hope so," he said. He wondered if maybe Bucky was right - if maybe this mission was as simple as it seemed.  What if Tony's very presence had changed this timeline enough such that Steve was no longer fated to die today? What if his actions had somehow resulted in him being handled this mission, instead of some more difficult one that would have led to their deaths?  Maybe - just maybe - things would be okay.
—leveled a glare at him, as if to say
“Just enjoying the evening outside,” Tony says lightly, as though the past fifteen minutes had never happened.  He turns back to Steve, hoping he also won’t mention a thing.  “Steve, this is Sunset Bain.  My… fiancée.  Sunset, this is Steve Rogers.”
"Sure," Steve said.
"Tveria," Tony repeated, drawing out the word.  He motioned to somewhere up ahead, where they could see a biter shambling around, and ducked onto a side road to avoid it.  "One of the Four Holy Cities in Judaism.  Supposedly, when the final redemption comes, Tveria is where it'll begin."  He chuckled to himself, though Steve didn't see what was so funny.  "Redemption is a nice thought, isn't it?  I wonder if humanity can be redeemed after everything that's happened."
She held Danielle out.  Luke stared at the baby, then sighed before accepting her.  "I swear to God if you don't come back…"
" he managed.  1954?  That couldn't be.  That would mean he'd been out for over a decade, even though his mental clock had pegged his last meeting with Stark as mere months ago.  It couldn't be.  It
, read the first line in the same unfamiliar handwriting from before.
Steve couldn't help but continue to stare at the moss dubiously.  "And this'll really work?"
, he’d been gone.  And it’s Tony’s fault.
Tony closed his eyes, let out a long exhale, and then opened them again.  "I was so angry," he said quietly.  "Finding out what you'd kept hidden.  Thinking you didn't trust me."  He paused, as though waiting for Steve to say something, but Steve knew Tony wanted to continue, and so he kept quiet.  Tony nodded to himself.  "And then I listened to you—die.  And something clicked.  I realized why you hadn't wanted to tell me before.  So I understand now, a little.  I don't think I'll ever
The sabretooth abruptly stopped squirming, then turned, the flashlight laying on the ground in such a way that it silhouetted the cat from the back and revealing Tony standing there, making him feel very much like a deer caught in the headlights.  Well, this was great, just great.  Tony brought the gauntlets up again, aiming toward the face, but if it hadn’t worked before, why would it work now?
you—”
He shouldn’t, he really shouldn’t, but Tony’s not going to dispute that right now.  “I never should have doubted you, Steve,” he tells him as he raises the gun, taking deep breaths and willing himself to stop shaking.  “You ready?  I-I’m going to shoot now.  Three, two, one…”  And then he fires.
"They're people," Steve hissed back.  "We're in this together."  Before Stark could dissuade him further, Steve stepped away, lowering his shield.  "Hey," he said loudly to the trees around him.  "We know you're here.  But it's alright.  We're friendly."
Tony never even got to thank him.  Not for pulling him back over the edge the other night; he vaguely remembers thanking him then.  But for
Tony didn't respond to that part; instead, he stood up as well.  "What are you doing?"
Steve closed his eyes, exhaled, and then he opened them again, his gaze seeking out Tony's.  "I love you," he said.
To his surprise, he saw nothing out of the ordinary.  Everything looked intact. Maybe no one had looked through these.  Maybe he was just being paranoid. Maybe no one besides himself had even moved them in the first place.
His breath quickening, he sits up and turns back to Steve, hope lighting up his eyes.  They’re going to make it, he thinks.  All the crap they’ve gone through, all the shit they’ve had to deal with—it’ll all have been worth it, because a lifeboat’s come back, and now they’ll be safe.  “Steve,” he says, and his voice is so weak it comes out as a wheeze.  “Steve, w-wake up.  There’s a boat.”
He ran his finger over the rectangle that said "ROAST".  Jarvis was cooking, but a roast sounded nice too, even if it was the morning.  So he pushed it.
it to do and fixed his dying heart, then that was it.  He wouldn’t need anything or anyone anymore, much less Steve goddamned Rogers.
She steps back then, chest heaving, eyes shining.  “You don’t get to say that, Stark.”
Tony nodded, and he shivered as he felt the presence of the wire so close to his heart.  The gauntlet started to whine as it charged up, and together, the three of them looked to the sky as the fighter came back into view.  "Firing!" he shouted, and let out a repulsor blast.
"Oh, I'll be fine," Natasha assured them.  "Make sure to take your own advice."
“Positive.”  Steve grins.  “Now why don’t I show you a real party?”
"It's fine," Steve replied, even if he wasn't sure what to make of the contact.  It seemed a little excessive, but maybe it was better that he didn't say anything about it.  "Enjoy yourself with the twins. And, uh, Indiana. I'll have dinner alone."
"Working on it," Tony replied briskly.  He clapped his hands together, then looked around.  "So, as all of you know, we've been cleared—by the
"Home…?" Tony repeated, standing up from his spot beside his bag.  His eyes went wide.  "Oh, this can't be.  I've heard of you from… before."  He exhaled sharply, stepping toward her.  "You're a Black Widow."
Rogers made a soft sound in the back of his throat, lips pursing.  “I guess,” he said after a moment before continuing on, though he didn’t sound convinced.  Tony suspected he’d like to stay and check them out more, but was too concerned about the time it would take to actually do it.  Maybe next time.  Well, next time for Rogers, anyway.  Tony was becoming increasingly convinced that there’d be no next time for himself.
But, he reminds himself, he did the right thing.  Steve… Steve is just some guy.  Some awful, immoral guy.  Never mind that he’s more honest and real than anyone Tony’s ever known.  He’s a nobody.  It’s not his approval he needs; it’s his father’s.
Steve stood, securing his shield against his back.  "Human enemies are one thing, but biters are another," he said.  He still hated the nickname—calling them
And maybe, he thought, he could tell him how sorry he was about what had happened that night, how Steve had misunderstood what it had meant when he'd woken up in a different bed, how Tony wouldn't ever even think about having found happiness with Ty.
Tony pulled off his outer shirt—almost certainly jostling the gauze around his bad arm in the process, since it ached sharply as he moved—and tied it around his face the way Rhodey had.  And then he ran inside.
"My dutiful son," Steve's mom said as she sighed and looked down at her remaining toast, which was mildly intriguing.
Alright, well, that didn't really tell him much.  Tony moved on to the next one.
Rogers nodded slowly, turning around and heading partway back into the tunnel.  Then he faced Tony again, and Tony couldn’t help but feel a little stab of guilt.  Bad enough that whatever he’d done had caused Rogers to change… but to know it may very well lead to something awful like falling into a deep ravine?
But observing, it seemed, was no longer an option.
What he means by
“So here we are,” he said, looking around.  Foliage as far as the eye could see, though there were some mountains in the distance, and a river cutting its way through the terrain a few miles away.  If he looked carefully, he was pretty sure he could make out the dinosaurs Rogers had apparently read about in the briefing.  God.  He couldn’t believe it.
“Um,” Steve says coherently, and all he can think is how much he wants to rip that bathrobe off.
"Captain," Rhodey said, nodding at him in acknowledgement.  "Is it too much to see if the pieces are reacting already?  Would be great if we knew which direction to go in right off the bat."
He turned left, took a few steps, and found himself stopping at the sound of rustling to the side.
Together, they make it into the hallway, and Tony turns toward the direction he’d taken on the way down, motioning for Steve to follow as they trudge through the water.  He sticks the hand attached to his bad shoulder in the pocket of his trousers, trying to ignore how completely and utterly uncomfortable he is.  Never mind that he has a damned
For a long while, they sat together in silence.  Tony wasn't sure what was going through Steve's head; hell, he barely even knew what was going on through his own.  But they were here now.  They were holding hands.  And Jarvis and Pepper and Rhodey had all seen and they hadn't said a word.
"Yeah, you trying to convince me it's Monday again is really sad," Ty agreed.  "Let me see this." Before Tony could say another word, Ty had snatched up his backpack from where it had been sitting on the floor, opening it up.  "Oh, wow," he continued, bringing out Tony's copy of
.  You were, and will always be, the best of all of us.”
"I lived through this hell for five years!" Stark snapped.
“Oh, God,” he whispers, backing up until he hits a wall, gripping at it for dear life.  “Oh God, oh God.”
Steve shook his head.  "We don't have the luxury of time," he said, stubbornly continuing to walk.  "We gotta keep going."
He turned to see where the planes were but was immediately distracted when he noticed Cap was lagging behind them, despite the fact that he should have been the fastest of them all.  "Cap?" he shouted, confused.
Steve snorted and rolled his eyes.  “I don’t like alcohol,” he said.  Why was this not surprising?  “Anyway, there was something else I wanted to talk about.”
Jessica cleared a spot in the dirt and started to sketch out a rough map with a stick, detailing the locations of the storage, the exits, and the guards, as well as a blind spot that they'd used to escape, which they could also probably use to get back in.  "If we time it right, Peter—one of our friends—he'll be the one on watch here," she said, making an X in the dirt.  "He'll probably let us in.  Then we just grab what we need and go."
"Listen to the boss,
Everything seems to fall into place after that.  They spend their free time designing various pieces of equipment together, filing joint prototypes and coauthoring papers.  When they’re not building things, they make love everywhere they can think of—in the classroom, on the beach, in his car.  “I love you,” he says to her often, and she smiles and tells him “I know”.  Tony’s never been happier, and all he wants to do is make Sunset happy too.  She’s his soulmate, after all.  They were made for each other.
Tony finds it a little worrisome at how he still easily pegs that day as the greatest in his life.
"Not sure yet," he replied as smoothly as he could.  It was better than dumbly repeating everything she said, at least.
He'd just entered a park, green and quiet and so unlike the world they'd stepped out of when Tony shifted in his arms, lifting his head.  "Hey," he said.  "Can we stop?"
what that was), and what looked like some trophies and medals for track and field (though these seemed to be carelessly thrown onto a table and were not on display).  Steve didn't exactly know his cars very well - the thought of his family ever owning one was essentially a pipe dream - but it was clear that the cars of Tony's time had evolved a great deal in the last half-century.  And Tony himself seemed intent on evolving them further, since one of them looked partially dismantled, as though it were being worked on.
will especially always be needed.  You were our beacon of hope during the war.  I think you still are for a lot of people, even if almost everyone in this country believes you're dead.  And third, what am I, chopped liver?"
to find a girl who was not only beautiful, but who could follow along when he started talking about turbines and engines and machines.  He’d thought she was perfect.
“That’s going to leave a scar,” the doctor tells him afterward.
Tony looked around.  Himself, Jarvis, Rhodey, Pepper.  They were all here.  He had a feeling he wasn't going to like where this was going.  "No, we're not," he said in an attempt to stave off the inevitable.
"No," Natasha agreed.  "But it forces your compliance."
“Rogers,” he says.  “Anthony Rogers.”
,” Carol protests.  “That would require thinking first and acting later.”
, and maybe also let Steve know that Tony—
Without thinking, Steve sprung into action—"Don't!" he cried, and he shoved Tony out of the room, slamming the door shut and jamming it with a piece of furniture and his shield.  Vaguely, he was aware of a cry of protest, but he put it out of mind.  He instead turned back to Bucky, who was slowly walking toward him.  "I thought you were dead," he breathed.
to wake up hungry tomorrow.  And then as soon as he was done, he set the bowl aside and started giggling, unable to help himself.
“Don’t push your luck,” Tony grumbled, not quite yet ready to make that sort of concession.  He took a deep breath, trying to ignore the pain it caused him.  Damn ribs.  Damn chest.  Damn giant cat.
“Yeah, I—”
In the present moment, though, he thinks nothing of it as Sunset takes his arm and smiles down at it, looking pleased.  “Is that so?” she asks, and he grins wide and nods at her, his heart beating a mile a minute.
"I don't know what you're talking about," he spat.
It was worth it, he thought, to have to survive in a world like this for the chance to know Tony again.
Steve swallows, squeezing his eyes shut again.
Tony made another soft sound, weakly trying to pull his hands away.  "Steve, stop," he managed.  "Don't… don't do this to me."
The door opens with a click, and Steve has to force himself not to flail and send his pencils flying.  He quickly turns his head to look, but to his relief—or maybe it’s disappointment—Tony isn’t naked, but wearing what looks like a silk bathrobe.  “Relax, Steve,” Tony tells him, catching sight of his expression and smirking.  “I’ll take this off in a moment.”  He approaches him languidly, continuing, “I believe we’ve yet to discuss any payment.”
Finally, it paused, so Steve drew a breath to prepare a reply - only to have the box continue talking.  "Also, is it too late for a new year's resolution? Or even a junior-year-of-high-school resolution? It's May, so probably yes, but whatever.  It would be nice to wake Ty up for once this school year. See how he likes a human alarm clock in
“It’s gonna be okay,” Steve calls down to him, eyes shining.
He doesn’t realize anyone’s nearby until a crutch comes out of nowhere and prods him in the back.  “What—” he manages, and while he doesn’t
"I'm still in the tunnel," Steve called back.  "I'm moving some things out of the way."
“This is insane,” Howard says, but despite the doubt on his face, he puts the lifebelt on, and Tony is quick to follow suit.  Sunset’s not an idiot.  Emotionally lacking, maybe, but if she’s convinced something’s wrong, then she’s probably right.  He then glances at Tony, one eye twitching like he wants to continue to berate him—but then he thinks better of it, turning toward Sunset.  “Alright.  Let’s go.”
Tony nodded his goodbye, and then went to drop off his tray before returning to his room, shutting the door behind him.  From there, he made an immediate beeline to his desk, where he'd stuck the gift Steve had left for him, and pulled it out.
," Ty said, and Steve lifted his head up in time to see Ty wagging his eyebrows.
He also found a large room with multiple cars and motorcycles inside, all of which seemed to belong to Tony based on the decor of the room - boards with technical-looking drawings not unlike the ones Steve had found in Tony's notes, posters for what were probably the latest movies of Tony's (including one for
"  The name was drawn out, each syllable precisely enunciated, the sneer evident in the tone of his voice.
There was a pause.  "No," Cap said at last, even if it sounded like he hated to admit it.  "…Not yet, anyway."
"Yes, of course," Stark began, but Carol spoke over him.
Just him and Steve, and in the end, this is the only thing that’s ever mattered.
Cautiously, Tony opened his notebook up, casting Cap a sideways glance to make sure he wasn't doing anything untoward, then started reading his notes to catch himself up.
“What’s wrong?”
Tony raised an eyebrow, following his gaze.  Oh.  Was
"Yeah?" Tony asked as he split the food between the two plates.  He snorted softly.  "What, you want something from us?"
“She was my friend.”
today.  And not even in some heroic way, like by protecting Tony from a pack of sabretooths—which Tony dearly hoped would never happen—but by almost falling into a hole in the ground.  Jesus.  “Alright.  No more absurdly wide, deep pits of doom, okay?  I think we’ve had enough of that.”
believed it was for the good of their country.
And Rumiko—his beautiful, passionate, temperamental Rumiko who was, if not with him, at least across the Pacific and out of harm’s way—
Tony looks down at the box.  Unless there’s somehow a literal ticket to freedom in there, or perhaps a tall, blond man with great arms, he’s doubtful.  “Is the gentlemanly course of action to take the box from you and open it myself, or wait for you to do it?”
At this, Stark froze up, looking away.  "I," he began.  "I don't think I can tell you that yet."
In the end, tonight’s just like any other night—dinner with other people who have means and wealth, flanked on one side by a fiancée he doesn’t love and on the other by a father he doesn’t know how to ignore.  And maybe in the end, that’s exactly what’s led Tony Stark to the back of the ship this evening, stomach full of whisky, lungs full of bitterly cold air.  Tonight is the same as last night, which was the same as the night before and will be the same as the night tomorrow.  Sure, the place might change—one night they might be in Europe, another night in America.  Or maybe, like tonight, they’ll be in the middle of the Atlantic, sailing on the biggest damn ship ever made.  The ship of dreams, people had called it.
Somewhere ahead of him, Steve could hear breathing.  It took a second for him to realize the significance, though once he did, he gasped, his eyes going wide.  Breathing meant people, regular people—something he hadn't seen since waking up, Stark excepted.  "I'm going to announce our presence," Steve murmured.
," Ty replied with mock enthusiasm, though he was clearly more focused on finding the orange donuts than the conversation.  "I can't believe our parents paid thousands of dollars to send us to some place that actually feeds us!"
“I don’t
He didn't bring up the altercation between himself and Tony's Pa, not really.  He only mentioned it briefly to provide context to the rest of what he wanted to say, because the things Tony's Pa had screamed at him were wrong and therefore not worth repeating.  What
"Good morning," Steve replied to who was hopefully Jarvis.
"Natasha has him," Tony said gently.  "I… told her about him and you.  She said she didn't know anything about his past, and that he'd trained her as a spy…"  He trailed off, shaking his head.  "I don't think we'll ever know what happened to Bucky or how the hell he apparently ended up working for the Soviets.  I can't imagine he did it willingly.  But… he found happiness, at least.  With Natasha."
It took two more hours, at which point Tony could tell they were nearly on the outskirts of the city, but finally Cap slowed down, walking around in a circle before turning to face them.  "This is the place," he said.
In return, Tony writes Steve emails as well, sometimes about whatever supervillains he runs into here on the west coast and sometimes about whatever he and the company have been doing.  He brings up the people he’s dating once or twice, writing about how maybe he’ll have better luck with his words on this side of the country, but drops it after Steve pointedly ignores the topic in his replies.  Every now and then, one of them will mention the past.  Every now and then, one of them will mention regret.
Apparently, Rogers was thinking the same thing, staring down at the bowl contemplatively.  Or maybe he was just figuring out how he was going to eat them.  Tony really hoped Rogers didn’t expect to be fed, mostly because that would be as awkward as hell, but also because if given a choice, Tony would choose to not be within striking distance of that gaping maw.  Which was
Stark stepped forward.  "That's because this man is actually Captain America," he said with an easy smile, clapping Steve on the shoulder.  Steve frowned, feeling oddly put on display, but it was clear these people had heard of him, and if it stopped them from killing each other, then he wasn't going to question it.
They were in New Hampshire now, making good time after finding a pair of usable bikes.  If they had to go into the woods, the bikes would have to be ditched, but for now riding down streets and sidewalks served their purpose, and Steve appreciated the change of pace.  On this particular evening, they'd found refuge in a two-story home that someone had gone through the effort of fortifying, though whoever it was seemed to be long gone.  Biters roamed the street, but there weren't too many, and in any case—well, Steve knew how to handle them now.
"Right," Steve said.  "I'll try, I guess.  Thanks."
They arrived back at their camp a short while later, Steve depositing the deer carcass at the entrance of the cave, looking at Tony.  “Ugh,” he said, kneeling down in front of it.  “This is like a mutant deer.  Why does it have fangs?”  Steve let out a sound that was maybe supposed to approximate a laugh as Tony picked up a stick and prodded it, continuing, “Are you sure this is safe to eat?”
he'd asked in Steve's journal.
"It's short for Captain America," Tony explained.
Tony aimed another repulsor blast at Steve, firing at his feet rather than his face—Tony wasn’t looking to hurt him, only to distract.  Steve grunted, clearly irritated, and turned toward him again.  He was going to attempt to stampede him soon, Tony knew.  Which was good.  It was what he wanted.  But damn it, he already knew it was going to hurt like hell.
,” he practically purrs.  “Here I had you pegged as a Boy Scout, but I don’t think I’d ever find
And so they rode back in silence, stopping when they were a couple of miles away from the original crossing.  Tony dismounted, leaning his bike against one of the many abandoned cars on the highway, with Steve following suit.  "We'll have to ditch the bikes," he said, looking unhappy.  "And we still need a biter."
From the corner of his eye, he could see Stark's eyes narrowing as he reached for his rifle, drawing it out in one fluid motion.  "Like hell."
, she'd said, and he wondered now if she knew the necessity of having to pull a weapon like this on a companion.
Ignoring the burning in his side as best as he could, he forced himself back up onto his feet, groaning with the additional ache that had come from kneeling in the suit.  Then he brought his arms up over himself, protecting the more vulnerable parts of his armor from a fresh wave of gunfire. And then, once that was done, he charged forward, screaming with pain and rage and desperation as he fired his own weapons.  Left, right, forward, left again - one by one by one he took every single target out until there was nothing left but flames.
"Rule the third: hair gel.  I know you don't like it, but I think it's high time you learn the proper technique.  So here it is. You start with just a little dab on your fingers because that's civilized, not the giant glob I'm half-afraid you've been doing..."
Tony woke up with a start, a flurry of confused thoughts all fluttering through his head simultaneously.  It took a second, but finally the more rational thoughts came to the forefront—he let out a breath, recognizing that while being woken up suddenly was unexpected, he likely wasn't in danger if whoever had woken him had done so by saying his name.  Still, a few more seconds had to pass before he could bring himself to open his eyes, blinking up at the shape looming above him in the pre-dawn light.  "…Cap?" he managed at last.  What the hell was Cap doing in his tent?  It was too early to head out yet.
Stark waved a hand at him before crouching down to pick up some of the fallen items.  "Old bag.  Don't worry about it—I can hold it together until we get back, and then I'll patch it up."
," Fury replied.  "It's your job to get the other pieces—however many there are—and put this back together before the Nazis do.  We got this piece by luck, and they don't know we have it yet.  I want to keep our advantage for as long as we can."
Over twenty years of history, Tony thinks.
Yeah.  Yeah, he was awake, even though he kind of wished he wasn't, because now he was remembering all the places he was hurting.  It had been much more peaceful when he'd been passed out.  "Yes," he managed nonetheless.
.  "You saw that Tony's arc continued, and you thought that you could make an impact on it somehow.  But you can't change what happens.  Not to you and not to him.  You made the wrong choices now and that's all there is to it.  You came all this way to lose."
Stark followed his gaze.  "Well, since sound is out of the question, smell's all we've got left," he said.  He then set the moss down, pulling out a ball of twine from his pack and unwinding the threads.  "So here's the plan.  If the biters are all still trapped in the school, it's a safe bet the doors are secure.  So we go in through a window.  But if there were as many people in the school as Jessica said, then there'll probably be biters at the window, too.  And that's where our friend, the ball of moss, comes in."
It is, but Tony doesn’t want to admit it.  He turns away.
Tony doesn’t see Steve again until he finds himself in Asgard, battling Osborn and his goons.  It’s hard, he thinks, pretending everything’s okay when everything
He made it a few feet more before he gave in and passed out on the floor.
“I am home.”
“Go away,” he says, but as he looks the newcomer over, he is suddenly struck by several things at once—the blue of his eyes, the broadness of his shoulders, the largeness of the hand outstretched toward him, as though that alone will somehow keep Tony from falling.  At the same time, though, he takes in his rumpled clothes and filthy boots.  Third class.  This man is from third class.  What is he talking to him for?
"Christ, Steve," Tony said, turning his hand up so he could squeeze Steve's own.  "First off, everyone is needed.  Second,
"She served?"
"Stark, no!"
"Okay," Steve said, then added for good measure, "It's not your fault."
"You okay?" he asked.
"No swearing in front of the baby," Jessica said.
“I know.”  And though Tony seems to be enjoying the banter, he’s apparently getting antsy, because the next thing Steve knows, he’s on his back while Tony’s leaning over him, his eyes dark.  “I’m also impatient and demanding.  So are you going to touch me or not?”
.  For being there for him, for changing his life, for opening his eyes.  For showing him that he has a life worth living, because Steve is in it, and because—because Tony loves him.
"That was the dumbest attempt at a prank I've ever seen you attempt," Ty said with a roll of his eyes.  "But sure, weirdo. Maybe I'll get there early and try to refactor after all."
Then, finally, a nurse comes out and tells them that the surgery’s over.  Carol pulls Tony off to the side as Steve is pushed out and wheeled into his room, his eyes shut and face slack.  It occurs to Tony that this is the first time he’s seen Steve’s face without the mask up close like this in… years, really, and despite age adding lines to his skin and drugs making his expression loose, Tony finds him as devastatingly handsome as ever.
“You can’t do that,” Tony tells her, dumbstruck.  “We’re soulmates.”
Not so long afterward, one of the rescue ship’s officers makes his way toward him, clipboard in one hand, umbrella in another.  “Excuse me,” the man says, and he makes no mention of the tears or the redness of his eyes—or maybe in the dark and the rain, he just can’t see them.  “Could I get your name, sir?”
By the time they made it back to the wildlife preserve, night had fallen, though the weather was still chilly enough that the sound of buzzing insects was almost entirely absent.  Or maybe something had happened to them when the infection had started—Steve wasn't sure, and he'd never asked.  From beside him, Jessica pushed forward, eyes searching the foliage.  "Luke?" she called.  "We're back."
"We should be prepared for another fight, then," Stark said quietly.
"Hey, I'm alive, aren't I?" Tony said.  "All's well.  Give me the brush and I'll keep going."  He turned around in time to see Rhodey roll his eyes, but the brush was nonetheless pressed into his hand, and so he carefully crouched down, starting to dust off the tiles he could reach.  Eventually he was able to settle into a pattern—step onto a tile, dust the nearby tiles, translate the characters (or awkwardly describe the characters out loud to Pepper so she could try looking them up), step onto the next safe tile, and repeat.
"It's not the same."
"Are you sure?" Cap pressed.  He'd come even closer, one hand lightly touching the armor.  "I think we need to get you out of this thing.  It can't be very comfortable in there."
"I'm sorry," Tony said again.
Rogers made a sound that might have been a laugh, if only Tony knew what sabretooth laughs sounded like.  “Was that a laugh?” he asked.  “Does Captain America really laugh at things?”  Rogers just looked at him impassively, and so Tony sighed, pulling one of the packs off Rogers’ back.  “Fine, don’t tell me,” he said.  He reached in, bringing out one of their packaged meals, then blinked and turned back to Rogers.  “Uh.  You wouldn’t happen to still want to eat…”  He glanced at the package, continuing, “…pinto beans, would you?”
"If I knew that was all it took to make you talkative I would have fed myself to a biter a long time ago."
Tony hesitated.  Great.  Was he really going to have to lie to Captain America?  Sure seemed like it.  Well, fine.  He’d lie.  And if he ended up breaking it, well, what the hell was Rogers going to do about that?  “Yeah, sure.”
In the end, Tony didn't have to wonder after all.
"Room service?" Steve's mom repeated, and despite the weakness of her voice - and geez, despite her everything, because she looked really terrible and definitely sick right now - she still managed to sound amused.  "I didn't realize I was staying at the Waldorf Astoria."
She seems to hesitate for a moment, as though she has an idea of just what Howard means when he says that, but eventually, she nods and leaves the room, shutting the door behind her.  When it’s just the two of them left, Howard turns toward Tony, jaw set, and Tony goes back to staring at the wall.  “Look at me,” he spits.
Rogers sighed and shrugged, which Tony took to mean
“Of course I came back,” Tony breathes, managing to slog toward him.  “I-I think I found something that’ll help.”  And he shows him the gun.
"Yeah, and I don't think I want to be here when she is."
But it’s okay, he thinks.  Steve’s happy.  Tony’s happy.  This is the way things should be, matching words or not.  This is the way things should
Tony frowned and looked down.  He had an injury there?  His arm wound ached so much, he was barely aware of anything else going on with his body.  "I'm fine," he said, because if he couldn't really tell it existed, then there was no need to bother anyone about it.
Steve gets upset with Tony a lot in the next couple of weeks.  He reams him out when Tony technically kills the Crimson Dynamo (even though Tony started his heart up again just fine), complains when he seems to blow off a code red fight (which is probably completely in Steve’s head because it’s far more likely the logs are wrong than Tony somehow missing twenty-two minutes of his life), and yells at him for joking around when Steve is trying to ask him for help (ignoring the fact that the past couple of weeks have involved someone screwing with Tony’s brain and making him
"Do I ever!" Tony shouted.  "Hey—get ready for some real flying now, okay?"
Steve blinks.  “Get… dressed?” he repeats before he can stop himself.
And despite how much larger than life all of the above had made him seem, he was still real.  He'd been a hero during a time the world had needed a hero the most. And, when Tony was growing up, he'd been a hero to look up to during a time Tony had needed one the most.
Steve shrugged, licking his lips.  Apparently, he didn’t care as long as he got some deer meat in his stomach.
For a moment, Tony just stood there, completely frozen.  What the hell had just happened?  Steve had been here one second, and then in the next he’d just… run off.  Why?  Because Tony hadn’t agreed to
, started the next one.
Protection from what?  Steve frowned.  "Your suit's enough protection, don't you think?"
Steve gives him a small smile, though it fades away as he speaks again.  “I hate that you did something so dangerous to yourself—”
They stayed like that for several moments, and then Steve let him go, turning to leave the pond and looking back at Tony, who quickly got up to follow him.  There was no fire, so they settled down around their packs, Tony bringing out a sleeping bag and sliding into it.  “Aren’t you hungry?” he thought to ask after a moment.  Steve shook his head, and Tony frowned.  He hadn’t eaten anything since this morning.  Then again, for breakfast he’d eaten an entire deer, so maybe he was good to go for some time.  “Okay,” he said, getting as comfortable as he could.
As for the other highlights… well.  It was a bit pathetic, but Steve thought that he was rather fond of the Tony fella he'd dreamed up.  (The Ty fella, maybe not as much.) He was, in many ways, everything Steve was not: smart, healthy, rich, good-looking, but he and Steve did have one thing in common - they sure both had imagination.  Steve drew his fantasy worlds and Tony drew his fantastical inventions. It might have been nice, he thought, if they could maybe meet someday.
And yet—Steve whined suddenly, his body twitching, and Tony jumped backwards from the sudden movement.  “Steve,” he said yet again, meeting his eyes, those wonderfully blue Boy Scout eyes of his—but then something changed, and that
"Well, damn," was the only thing Tony could think to reply back in the moment.  His mind was racing. Someone who wasn't him - and wasn't Ty, either, because he knew both Ty's actual handwriting and Ty's fake handwriting when he was trying not to look like his real handwriting - had gotten hold of his agenda and written down… his homework assignments, apparently.  Almost as though someone had lived their life as him yesterday while he'd been living as someone else.
Tony tied off the string and pulled back to admire his handiwork.  Steve twisted his leg so he could see the sutures as well.  Not bad.  "Yeah," Tony said as he got out the gauze.  "Hell if I know whether they're still around, though."
He had never, not once, ever seen Tony Stark face to face.  He had never had an actual conversation with him. He had never known what it was like to just - to just be in the same room as him, and he never would.
Tony shook his head quickly.  "I'm sorry, Steve," he said.  "It's just—she said most of the people here are scientists.  I've lived the last five years—"
"Cap," he said, because he didn't know what else to say.
Tony sighed.  Rogers’ response didn’t tell him anything, but he wasn’t in the mood to press tonight.  “Wake me up when it’s my turn to keep guard, then.”  Rogers nodded, and Tony rolled out his sleeping bag, curling up inside it before discreetly checking the charge on his heart.  93%.  So far, so good.  If the rest of the week was as eventless as today, then he was in no danger of running out of power.  Whether or not that was particularly desirable was another question entirely, but Tony had little choice but to roll with it.
To say nothing of Ma, who had always been so kind and supportive and who was - just - gone.  She hadn't even been his mom, but she'd been Steve's mom, and Tony had seen how much of Steve had come from her.  And Tony had learned, maybe, to… care about her.
Steve considered telling Stark that they shouldn't have, that it was wasteful, even if he was admittedly grateful that he'd been found since he was alive after all.  But Stark wasn't done yet, so Steve held back, prodding him to continue instead.  "Then?"
It should have been him who ended it, Steve thought.  He remembered Jessica, remembered how she had ended it for Peter and then Carol.  She had been their friend, and she had done right by them by sparing them further suffering.  But Bucky… it hadn't been Steve who had spared his suffering.  It'd been Tony.  Steve didn't begrudge him for that—it was his own foolishness that had necessitated it in the first place—but he still couldn't help but feel as though he'd ultimately failed Bucky.  He wasn't sure what there was in the afterlife, but Jesus.  What if he'd succumbed to that bite?  How could his soul ever rest, knowing that he'd caused his best friend to kill him?
It wasn't long before he found a door that had clearly been taken down by force—kicked in, not kicked out.  Cap, then.  Tony decided to head in, arms lifted and gauntlets at the ready.  If Cap had already been through here, then maybe there was no danger—but given everything they'd been through, it never hurt to be careful.
The question was unexpected, and Steve blinked.  He hadn't thought about it for a long time.  "I… I don't know," he admitted after a moment.  "I don't think I ever figured it out.  So much of my identity during the war was tied to being a soldier.  And now I'm needed because my blood might be able to help people.  And either it will, or it won't, but what then?  What do people who aren't needed do with their lives?"
The faceplate slides off, and they spend the next few minutes just staring at each other as Tony feels his own anger start to drain away.  He badly wants to say something—to apologize after all—but he feels like maybe Steve should talk first.
“With all due respect, sir,” Steve begins, and they both turn to glance at him in surprise—”I’m sitting right here.  Within earshot.  Sir.”
It was all over in less than five minutes.  As always, Steve fought back as hard as he could, but the truth was that he just wasn't
,” Tony practically purrs, and he leans down, starting to press soft kisses to his jaw and neck.  “You’re really gorgeous,” he continues, running his hands down his arms.  “I’ve told you that already, right?  Because you are.”
He really didn’t want to dwell on it for too long.
Dougie stepped right up into his face.  Curiously, Steve noticed that his arms weren't tensed, so a beating wasn't coming - not in the next five seconds, at least.  Steve doubted it was going to stay that way, but he wasn't going to play dirty and sucker punch him even though now was a good time.
"If you held the door open enough to let their heads through, I could use the ice pick and—"
"Out," Tony said loudly, and immediately, everyone in the room rose and exited, sharing sideways glances and concerned murmurs.  Tony ignored them.  It didn't matter.  Nothing mattered but the man on the other line, the one Tony was supposed to save from exploding over the Atlantic.  He had to save him.  He had to.
Steve couldn't argue with that logic.  With one last glance at the mirror, he went to go back to the bed, where he could finish the job there.
“It’ll be fine,” Steve promises, starting to lead them down this new hallway.  He turns to him and gives him a dazzling smile, and the sight of it makes Tony’s heart ache.  “You came for me.  I’m gonna be all warm and fuzzy from that for a while.”
And yet…
Steve takes a deep breath, then nods.  “Yeah,” he says.  “Go ahead.”
Steve yelped, and only the weight of the box kept it from sliding off his lap when he let go of it in fright.  "Excuse me, what?"
He was in the middle of designing some gauntlet upgrades in his head when he abruptly heard a snarl coming from right behind him.
"Nothing," Cap said, though he was frowning a little.  Despite that, it didn't seem like an explanation was forthcoming.  He put the fragment back into the foam and handed Tony the jar, which Tony pocketed.  "So what's the plan once we arrive in Yinxu?"
Rogers made a non-committal grunting sound in response, bringing out his notepad again and writing more things down—presumably about the things they’d seen today, because he was a note-taking machine.  Tony, meanwhile, brought out his sleeping bag, slithering into it and checking his heart monitor beneath the metal plating.  81%.  Nothing to worry about.  “Don’t tell me you’re going to keep guard again,” he said.  “There’s nothing here.”
Rogers snorted from behind him, and from the sound of his footsteps, Tony could tell he was following.  “Somehow I doubt that,” he said.  “I’m not sure that I’d want a kiss from Nick.”
"Easy peasy," read a note scrawled in one corner of his trigonometry worksheet in the same unfamiliar handwriting.  Steve didn't know what a "peasy" was supposed to be, but he doubted it was all that easy, and in fact suspected that the writer of the strange phrase had chosen "peasy" simply because it looked like it rhymed with "easy".  He ended up having to try and figure out as much of the homework as he could on his own so that he could actually
Tony looks at Steve half in bewilderment and half in wonder, feeling like a weight’s been lifted off his chest.  Steve forgives him, he thinks.  Steve knows about the awful things he’s done and he’s still granted him absolution.  “Thank you,” he whispers, not knowing what else he could possibly say, and Steve gives him a quirk of the lips in response.
That was a good point, and Steve nodded, accepting this.  But there were still a few missing pieces.  "I don't understand, though," he said.  "How did everyone get infected in the first place?"
“When
Tony blinked.  “That’s your plan?” he asked.  “Climb up the wall?  Can you even do that?”
Steve nodded a bit awkwardly in response, again unsure of how to reply, as he continued working on his plate.  Things continued like this for the next several minutes, Steve eating, Jarvis watching. Finally, Jarvis cleared his throat and said, "Your parents will be returning home today."
"Good boy," Birch said.  "Even better, I already have them ready to fire, and they should be going off right around now."
"Oh, Stevie," Ma said, and it killed Steve to hear how raspy she sounded, like every word she spoke was painful.  "Don't you think that sounds a little bit like running away from your problems?"
"Sweetheart," replied the woman and now that Steve looked more closely, the resemblance was evident.  They had the same eyes. "You shouldn't be sleeping here. It's bad for your back."
getting up,” he tells Steve in the most condescending voice he can come up with, because while he misses Steve in his bed dearly, there’s no getting around the fact that Steve is the whole reason Tony is missing him in the first place.  He’s so goddamn
"Oh, my God," came a hushed voice from beside him, and Steve turned to confirm what he already knew—it was Tony.  Somehow, it was Tony, even though they had parted ways, even though Steve was supposed to be at the bottom of the ocean.  "You're awake."
“It’s a free coun—”
Steve blinked.  He was pretty sure they were up north, so wouldn't they need to go south?
"It's it
He won’t remember Steve’s death.
The subject was simple.  This Joseph character had proposed to the writer, leaving her confused because she wasn't sure if he'd proposed because he knew he was going off to war soon, or if he actually loved her.  And her own feelings were muddled as well, because she thought about the possibility that he'd never come back and how awful that made her feel, and she'd always liked him before but now maybe she loved him and she just wasn't sure?  It was, Tony had to privately admit to himself, all rather mushy.
Unable to help himself, Tony just smirks again, waving one arm.  “We’re both men.  What do you need privacy for?”
“What?” Tony asked.  “Oh, come on, you want
include blowing the kitchen up, thank you very much, Jarvis - he was pushing the door open to her room, glass and plate in hand.  "Room service is here."
"He's got everything," Luke said.  "I've seen the storage rooms.  We were gonna break in and get what we needed."
“It’s nothing,” Tony insists, wanting them to
slept with, Tony?”
Steve comes to the conclusion that tonight is very likely the last night of his life.
Dougie hadn't picked a fight with him yesterday because the… Steve who wasn't actually Steve had threatened him.  (
"Don't go down that path," Tony said.  Steve could feel him applying the antiseptic, but the sting was nothing compared to the turmoil in his head.  "It's okay, Steve.  I know why you were angry.  The fact that you stopped being angry was more than I ever expected."  He smoothed the gauze on, his touch gentle.  "Because all I'd wanted… needed…"  His hands dropped, and Steve turned to meet his gaze, his blue, blue eyes.  "I found you," Tony whispered.  "And I got to see you again."
Ten years ago, and yet that condescending tone he'd heard then was exactly the same as the one he was hearing now.
There was, however, one point where Steve couldn't quite figure him out, despite how much Tony had shared with him.
"Steve?"  The word was more urgent this time, more worried.
Tony's smile broadened.  "It's a date, then," he replied.  "I mean—it won't be a fun date, but… it's something."
A moment later, Jessica came up to them, handing Stark the rifle.  "Thanks," she said, her face ashen and specked with blood.
But he held back.  Because saying those words to Tony now, when it was going to be over for him soon—
"Well, you only have a week to figure it out," Ma said.  "But you're my sunshine boy. I know you can find anyone if that's what you actually want."
They headed back into the cafeteria, stepping around the fallen biters, dead and undead alike.  "Is there anything else worth taking a gander at while we're here?" Stark asked.
“Carol.”
Steve opens his mouth to speak before quickly shutting it, rubbing his forehead.  “I’m shouting again,” he mutters, taking a deep breath.  “Okay.  It happened and there’s no going back now.  I just…”  He sighs, and when he looks back at Tony, his eyes are sad.  “I don’t understand what you did to yourself.  And I’m not really sure I like it.  I’m scared that this is going to hurt you somehow, and… I think that maybe we need a break.”
Their eyes meet.
"…And that multiple scholars took that to mean her tomb was booby trapped," Pepper finished weakly from the floor, having thrown herself down as well.
Tony groans and shakes his head, trying to clear it.  He knows why.  “Ricochet,” he explains weakly, trying to pull away and wincing again when that just results in more pain.  How bad is it?  He can barely tell.  There’s blood starting to stain his lifebelt, up near his shoulder—at least it didn’t hit his chest.  And it’s not gushing, either.  Small victories.  “I-I don’t think it hit anything important.  It’ll be okay, Steve.  We have to get out of here.”
“Then sit down.”
Heroic, his brain repeated to him.  And what happened to people who were heroic?
turning out to be a C++ prodigy.)
“Are you sure?”
Despite the fact that they were rushing to what was increasingly looking like a large aircraft carrier in the middle of the water that was also definitely on fire, Tony had to laugh at Cap's obvious glee.  "You like that?" he called back.
Curious.  Though Tony wanted to investigate immediately, he supposed he'd better do the sensible thing and just read Steve's journal first, since there'd probably be an explanation in there.
Tony doesn’t reply.  Steve seems content to let the conversation drop, going back to his drawing as Tony stares up at the pre-dawn sky.  He gets the feeling that Steve is stealing glances at him every now and then, but strangely, he doesn’t find it awkward.  He’s used to people looking at him, after all, but with others, there’d always been an undercurrent of tension, of fearing that the only reason they were looking was so they could be there when he screwed up—and he’s screwed up a lot.  But with Steve, it’s different.  Things have always been different where Steve is concerned, he thinks.
When they were both good and covered, they straightened, Steve's breath catching when he saw the herd had rounded the corner, heading right toward them.
Tony shivers under his touch, wanting to
"I do, Ma," Tony replied.  "Your pain isn't nothing to me."  That was what Steve would say, he felt.  Funny how easily it came to him. "Now, you're sick, so you can't walk around and try it out yet.  But when you get better you can. So finish your orange juice, okay?"
"Oh," Steve said softly, surprised he'd thought of that.  "…Yeah.  I would.  Thanks."
As usual, he knew now wasn't the time to ask any of those questions.  He'd just make it clear to Jarvis that something was wrong. "Yes, sir," he said instead, obediently taking his plate back to the table and starting to eat, since even if he didn't know what it was he was sure it would be good based on the smell.  But then he took a bite, and everything, including the mysterious roast, was forgotten. "Oh, goodness. You made this?"
"That guy who was at the door earlier was there," Tony said.  "He turned.  We fought.  Let's go."
, and Steve quieted automatically, finding himself meeting Stark's gaze when the other man turned back to look at him.  He looked older, Steve realized.  Much older than he had when Steve had last seen him.  "I'll explain everything.  Soon."
"Why not?"
Tony automatically looked back at Birch, half-wondering why he hadn't started shooting at them again.  Birch's head was lolled forward and he was no longer moving, and it dawned on Tony that he was dead.  Either from his sickness or from the shock; Tony didn't know.  It didn't matter.  It was done.
Tony stared at him, his expression unreadable.  "Fine," he said, and he bent down to pick up his shovel and Steve's shield, handing the latter over to him.  "But Christ, Steve, at least let me carry him."
Steve couldn't risk the biter getting into the train with them.  "Tony, let go—"
Tony sat up at this, brain revving into gear.  “What do you mean, something outside?” he replied, automatically lowering his voice.  “You mean people?”  He really hoped Rogers didn’t mean people.  Because that would be bad.
It takes him a few moments to realize he’s not imagining it.
"'Worked for you'," Birch repeated.  He spat.  "You stole my designs!  You had me jailed!"
It’ll always be Steve.
"I was gullible at first," Tony admitted.  "Back when I thought there was still an easy way to undo all this.  Five years later, humanity's on the ropes, and I don't fall for their doe eyes anymore."
Tony brought out his map, consulting it for a moment before shaking his head.  "This is where we are," he said, pointing out a spot to Steve.  "We're pretty close to the Housatonic River.  The only place to cross is the Merritt Parkway—which is where they're coming from—unless you want to make a four-mile detour to Route 1 further south, which may or may not have the same issue with biter herds.  And don't suggest trying to cross the river ourselves.  I'm not doing that again."
"Uh, no I don't.  Today's a B-day. We have compsci next."
Steve followed his gaze, trying not to think of the fact that each of these biters were once people, people with hopes and dreams and their own stories.  The dog tags he still carried around in his pocket were enough to remind him of the terrible casualties.  "So this is a herd, huh?" he asked.  "Why are they all clumped together like that?"
in the first place,” he says.  “Remember how the Avengers first formed after the breakout?  I technically didn’t agree to that, either.”
"Hard to say," Tony replied, eyes focused on the needle.  "This isn't a small building.  Honestly, I'm more worried that there are a bunch of biters locked away somewhere nearby.  Hospitals were one of the starting points for the epidemic.  People would flood these places at the beginning, looking for help, and then they'd all turn."
Cap trailed off.  Tony stared at him expectantly for a moment, but when nothing came, he prodded, "But?"
"Then I'm glad you're in," Tony replied.  He turned his gaze to the other two.  "Rhodey?  Pepper?"
"Oh, my God," he whispered as his hands started to shake.  He'd waited for weeks, months, years for this to happen again, and finally, after he'd long since given up all hope - here he was.  Steve was still alive. Tony could make things right.
"No one said nothing about fighting," the man replied, holding his hands up placatingly.
He thinks back to last night, back to the woman who had come for Tony.  “Your fiancée,” he says.  “She doesn’t know what happened?”
, and even now Stark was saying he'd apparently been right to be upset—whether it was because of the Jericho or something else, Steve wasn't sure.  Stark's reveal about Pepper's fate had made him disinclined to ask too much about the past for the time being.  In any case, now Steve didn't know how to feel toward the other man; there wasn't enough room, he thought, for anger after everything.  He supposed he was just resigned to the fact that Stark was who he was, for better or for worse.  And despite what had happened, at the very least he agreed with Stark on what they had to do next, and he would see things through to the end.
That was the burden Steve had lived with in those years between their journey together and his last moments on the plane.  The knowledge of the future.
"I'm not a dog," Tony said, sounding a little put out, although he at least limped over to the bed.  "Well, except where you're concerned.  Can I say that now?"
"Steve—"
Cap had stepped back, his hands trembling a little.  Tony watched him take a deep breath.  "Yeah," he said.  "Should we go?"
Tony turns to stare up at the stars and entertains the possibility that the both of them will die tonight.  “It’s g-getting quiet,” he says, and his voice is as thin as a reed.
Maybe he doesn’t have a protractor or a ruler or
"Do you even hear yourself?" Tony asked.  "All this fucking time it was Stark, Stark, Stark.  And now all of a sudden I'm Tony again?"
"Stealing my stuff doesn't make me inclined to do that."
"You can't veto, Stark."
holding you back—?” Tony begins, but Sunset’s already getting into her convertible, starting the engine.  One part of him wants to jump in with her and demand answers, but the other part is frozen in place, and before he can decide which part to indulge, she’s driving off.  Finally, he finds it in himself to step forward, shouting after her—“What did I do
"Tony," he said, and the other man looked back at him, expression unreadable.  "Even if you understand, I still hurt you.  That will never go away, and I am sorry for that.  I don't want to do that again.  And—I want the chance to not do that again, if you'll give it to me."
Eyes widening, Tony reached up, placing his hand over his chest.  “You—you had no right!” he said.  “This is private!”
"Oh, my God," Steve managed brokenly.  It was him.  He was the reason Tony no longer had a suit.  If things had been different, if Tony hadn't wasted the suit on him…
," Steve said.
Steve thought about the routes he'd seen on the map.  "We could go back north, where the river branches into the Naugatuck?"
Tony hadn't expected the question to be turned back onto him.  "I want to be happy," he blurted out, surprising himself.  Damn it.  Had he actually said that out loud?  "I mean," he continued quickly, trying to salvage this somehow, "doesn't everyone, right?  It's a stupid answer.  It doesn't mean anything."  Not to anyone but him, anyway.  There was so much he carried with him, so much that weighed upon him.  He would never be unburdened.  Virgil, the atrocities of the war, now Birch… they were all a part of him, a reminder of the ways he had failed.  If he had planned more, seen ahead better, things would have been different.  But he hadn't.  He hadn't.
all your fault.  But I know you've been in bad spots before, and you've always gotten out of them.  Because you're Tony Stark.  That was practically your job description before the war.  So we
Rogers had made it.  Almost.  He was dangling from the edge now, claws buried into the ground as he struggled to pull himself up.  And Tony—Tony was goddamn useless, hovering around him anxiously, unable to help out at all.  What could he do?  He wasn’t strong enough to pull someone as massive as Rogers up, and he didn’t have any tools to make this easier.  “Rogers,” he said, trying to sound encouraging, not sure how else to react.  “Come on.  Get up.  You can do this.”
you do this to me again.  Have you no shame?”
Tony laughs.  “Relax,” he says.  “I think you look wonderful.  But the maître d’ is never going to let you pass through those doors looking this way.”
"Stop it, Steve," Tony said gently.  "We all learn this lesson, sooner or later.  You were just five years behind."
Tony just sighs, picking up his cup of coffee and gulping it down before refilling it.  It’s way too early for an argument, and he has an awful hangover.  “Maybe I was in the bathroom.”
Ma gave him a weak smile.  "So I should be glad you only have one person in your life doing this to you, is that it?"
“No one’s going to find us.”
The man looked back.  His face was pale and drawn, like he was ill, and his expression was—neutral.  Completely neutral, as though he wasn't deep in a forest that had just been set aflame.
And now all of that is gone.
And yet somehow, Steve manages to worm his way into Tony’s heart anyway.  He’ll send Tony emails sometimes, usually about what the team’s been up to or about a great new diner he discovered that serves the perfect apple pie (and adding that next time Tony’s in town, they should really go eat there).  Sometimes the emails will have links to search engines displaying the results for when he searches the Avengers and wants to show them off for whatever reason.  (
Winslow. There were… there was a cook. At least one? And… other people, who did things?
Moonlight had explained when asked.
“This is a stupid idea,” he said, but he dropped out of the air directly onto Steve’s back.
Tony was back on his feet in an instant. Steve followed, but before he could vent the pressure building up in the back of his skull, Tony pointed at the original circle of darkness. It had spilled over the curb and into the street where Steve had been standing.
Neither Steve or Captain America had been able to argue, because of course Tony was right. He usually was when it counted.
“We’re going to get you out of here,” Tony reassured them. A brave kitten in the nearest cage pressed forward and squeaked out a pitiful meow. She had obviously meowed herself hoarse, and the noise was just barely above a whisper. Tony grabbed the latch to the cage in his teeth while the kitten’s cries degenerated into a noise closer to clicking. He tugged.
Riverstones shouted, jumping forward as great green vines of light exploded around him. He cut a wide swathe in the advancing rats, flinging their wiry bodies away indiscriminately, carving a path through the hall.
Pressing the edge of the shield into the ground, Steve steadied himself. “Is it the covering the whole city?”
The next day, he had a pair of a Louis Vuitton’s custom built with hollow wedges, and then filled them with Super Spy Gadgets. And a phone. Just for fun. Natasha wore them to her next press event and it made Tony smile.
He crossed the lab in a few anxious steps, but stopped at the bathroom door. Steve was going to walk out of his lab and never come back again, and Tony had already said enough stupid things that one more wouldn’t matter. “I can count on my fingers the number of people I respect,” he said, “And I respect you more than most.”
Steve straightened up, squared his shoulders, and said, “I need a new support team. Complete rotation. Start fresh.”
“Anyone there?” Steve gasped out. There was no response. His own voice sounded like it was smothered with a dozen layers of wool. He sucked in a breath, and then another. No movement, no sound, no change in temperature. Maybe he was dead. Maybe death was just this disembodied non-existence until the end of time.
Ears back and tail swishing rapidly through the wet grass, Tony glared at Steve. Sitting up in an awkward hunch, Steve glared back.
the she-wolf said, breaking into their conversation. Tony jumped about a foot in the air and hissed at her, fur bristling out through the plates in her armor.
, he thought, plopping his ass down on the ground and trying to ignore the swish of his tail.
Nearly hyperventilating with effort, Tony reached up and thumbed the cylinder latch off. A twist of his wrist dumped the cylinder out of the body of the gun, and he stared at the chambers. Only one was loaded, the bullet bright and menacing as it caught the light. Steve tried to catch Tony’s eyes, to get his gaze away from the bullet, but Tony remained fixated on it.
“Not yet,” Tony broke in, but his eyes were glued to the shrinking margin between Steve’s right foot and the darkness. The space between the two pools was shrinking even faster. Another few minutes, and they would connect into a river of void.
The wolf turned to look at the sky, and then looked between them.
, only gradually becoming aware that he was still in his clothing.
A chill spread out around his hips. He had a moment to think he’d managed to wet himself, and then a moment to be so relieved to be feeling anything that wetting himself seemed like the best thing that had ever happened to him, and then chill spread up his torso and down his legs. Pressure grabbed him around the base of the spine and pulled down sharply. The world exploded into sound and color and light. He screamed, and was abruptly plummeting through empty air being buffeted by wind. Icy cold rain hit him sideways as he fell through the darkness. This, at least, was just normal darkness. Night time darkness, with depth and dimension, and the occasional bright flicker of lightning.
He had a pile of fourteen cameras ranging in size from a dime to a quarter, and three listening bugs. He probably hadn’t gotten them all, but he’d gotten enough to let them know that he
Tony woke shivering and coated in a slick layer of sweat. He ducked further into his sleeping bag and wiped clammy hands across his face. His lips were chapped and salty with sweat and his feet were both cold
“Back?” Tony asked, but his voice wouldn’t carry through the helmet. “I’m right here.”
Tony swayed in the doorway of the hospital room. It was flooded with golden sunlight, trees and blue sky visible outside the window, the walls lined with monitors and medical equipment. He wasn’t surprised to see himself in the bed, but he was somehow surprised to see Steve sitting beside him with a magazine in his lap, one hand up on Tony’s bed, thumb stroking idly over his knuckles.
"No kidding," Stark replied as they sat down, glancing around.  "I'm pretty sure I could build you something better with my bare hands.  Could I?"
But there was nothing he could do about it.  "Okay," he said.  "So let's assume that he knows we're already on our way.  And the closer we get, the better he'll be able to pinpoint us.  Well—pinpoint whoever is holding the pieces.  Almost sounds like we should each take a piece and approach wherever we're going from different directions."
He exhales sharply, trying to find the right words.  “This—this is going to be so cliché.  But I love you, Steve.  I think maybe I fell in love that first time I took you to the poppy reserve and just—saw the way your face lit up.  And I wish I had told you this when I had a chance, because you deserved to know you were loved.  You deserved—you deserved better words, too.  I’m sorry it was me.  I’m sorry I hurt you.  I screwed up.
Steve leaned down to get a closer look, wincing.  It was bleeding heavily.  Still—"It's nothing to worry about," he said.  "I heal fast."
For a moment, the bullets let up.  "Was?" came the response.
With Cap out of the room, Tony took a little less care moving around than he would have otherwise, and he reached over with his bad arm to tweak a few more settings, grunting in pain afterward.  God, he couldn't wait for this to be over.  As much as he didn't want to admit it, it might be nice to take a moment to actually breathe—even though he knew rationally that really, he couldn't ever rest.  Not while the war was still going.
The walk to school was as arduous as it always was, and Steve let his mind wander as he navigated dilapidated sidewalks and sleepy pedestrians.  Though he knew it probably wasn't healthy to dwell on it, his brain kept on going back to the dream he had last night. It had been so vivid, and if Steve thought hard enough, he could almost taste all the food he'd eaten.  Not that the food had been the most important thing about the dream, but it had certainly been one of the highlights.
With a guilty look around the room - which was ridiculous, he was alone, but
"We can just do it here," Steve protested.  "We still have some of the gauze left."
"Yeah, but we still went into a booby-trapped tomb and fought a bunch of bad guys," Cap said, grinning.  "I think it was just like
to figure this out?  I need help.”  When Rogers didn’t make any sort of useful response, Tony just let out his breath in an annoyed huff, tapping his fingers on the ground.   “Okay.  Well, obviously, something magical happened.  Do you remember that gem?  It affected me.  My metal plate is mostly gone now.”  He pointed at his chest, since his shirt was still open.  “And I guess…”  Oh.  Oh, shit.  Was this his fault?  Did he somehow turn Rogers into a giant prehistoric cat?
Evidently, his father is thinking the same thing, because he idly checks his watch before looking at Tony, eyes hard.  “How much do you think that drawing would be worth by morning?” he asks conversationally.  “It’s a shame I had it destroyed.”
Stark grimaced.  "There's not a herd nearby, is there?"
“Good.  Because that’s what it is.”
"Okay," Cap replied.  "And do you think he was responsible for what happened at Yinxu?  With the planes?"
So he kept on looking, ignoring the persistent ache in his arm and the way his heart was pounding in his throat, resolutely downing more aspirin.  He’d find Steve, he told himself.  He just—he’d find him.
"I don't—"
“In Europe?  No.  I’m from Brooklyn.”  Howard scoffs at that, though Steve ignores him.  “I wanted to see the world, and I did.  Then I got homesick, so I got on board and haven’t looked back.”  He gives Tony a quick glance.  “I’m glad I did.”
Tony nodded, a little too quickly because he jostled something he shouldn't have.  With a wince, he laid back down onto the bed.  "Right," he said.  It had been a stupid, selfish suggestion anyway.  Cap had better things to do.  "Forget I said anything."
Steve reluctantly turned his gaze toward the papers.  "It's the blueprints for the Tveria," he said.  He turned back toward Tony.  "I'll get them to Jim and your friend.  I promise."
, and right now Tony hates that part of Steve more than anything in the world.
Tony rubbed his forehead.  That was the hard part.  He'd spent a lot of time staring at the translated oracle bones, but without any good reference images or maps of Yinxu it was difficult to associate any potential places mentioned with locations in the city.  Even being here now wasn't as helpful as he had hoped—there was so much to cover, and he could already tell from a quick look around that there were several spots that would need investigation.  Still, they had to try.  "We know it was buried in a tomb," he said.  "Most likely an important person's tomb, because this was an important artifact.  Assuming the place is structured like other cities from this era, it means there was an ancestral shrine built on top.  The shrine probably won't exist anymore, but the base of it should.  If we can find one that was rounded—a circle—that's a big clue."
The first thing he did was to pour himself a glass of water, downing it in one go.  His mouth still felt dry afterward, but at least it helped a little. And then, since he figured he probably wasn't going back to bed, he decided to try and freshen up some, heading over to the bathroom and brushing his teeth before staring at his hair in the mirror.  It looked like a mess. Automatically - because he'd done this so many times by now - he reached down for the comb so he could make it less unruly, then squeezed a bit of hair gel into his hands and ran it through his hair. The concept of hair gel was still foreign to Steve - Tony had very nice hair already, why make it so stiff with this so-called gel?  But that was how he wore his hair, so Steve just had to go along with it.
much at the sunlight filtering into the room, he should probably learn to exercise
Maybe Tony should have never led them into a trap in the first place.  Maybe he shouldn’t have threatened Steve.  Maybe he should have just opened up earlier, instead of accommodating Namor and his paranoia and telling no one about his plans.
A nap was unsuccessful, so he finally crawled out of his bed, rubbing his eyes.  Maybe he could distract himself with something that wasn't the homework, which was a headache he didn't want to deal with.  First, the calculus and physics were over his head. Second, the book they were reading for English, while set in a
Steve regarded him for a moment in silence, tilting his head contemplatively.  “I was waiting for you to try passing it off as you hallucinating again,” he said eventually, and oh yeah, that was what Tony should have done.  Damn.  “But you didn’t.  So.”  Steve leaned forward, kissing him on the forehead, leaving Tony sitting there wide-eyed and blinking.  “I don’t want to move too fast.  And America needs our help.  Come back to New York with me?”
Tony thought at the same time Pepper finished, "—America?" in an incredulous voice.
"We're a little further north from where I'd expect it to be found," Rhodey replied.  "Still figuring out if that's noteworthy or not.  But it's native to the country, yes."
"Though, gosh, I hope I'm not actually broadcasting to the world," continued Tony's voice.  There was the loud clacking of keys, and then the recording ended.
Tony emerges out of the water gasping, and for a wild, terrifying moment, he has no idea where he is or how he got here.  Panting hard and treading water as best as he can with an injured arm, he looks around, taking in the scene around him.  He’s surrounded on all sides by screaming, frightened people; meanwhile, not so far away, the ship is still above water, but probably not for long.  The noise is distracting, but if he concentrates hard enough, he can remember things, things like the steadiness of Steve’s hands as he held the table still, letting Tony make the modifications to it—things like the way Steve had captured his gaze and told him that they were going to be alright, right before they’d gotten off and the ship had broken into two—
his frozen skin crackling and breaking as he does so—and he looks at the light.  A light in the middle of the ocean that’s not the sun or the moon.  Why is there a light here?  What business does such a thing have among the dead?
Steve didn't know how they'd gotten to a point where an entire city had to be burned to the ground, nor did he want to know.  Since the train was bound for Philadelphia, they jumped off before they could get there and started walking.  Any worries about having to continue on foot for some time dissipated when Steve found a pair of bicycles in a suburb they were passing through, and after Tony fixed them up, they were able to begin riding south.
like shedding a few tears, well, who was going to find out?
Tony blinked slowly at Cap, not sure how to reply to that.  "Well," he said at last.  "Yeah.  You're important."
days…"
Rogers stared down into the pit for a moment, then looked back at him and shrugged.  It kind of seemed like he was saying
The first time they came across a fallen soldier, Steve reached down, despite Stark's protests, and pulled off the man's dog tags, stowing them into his pocket.  "Steve, there's no one left to return them to," Stark had said gently.  When Steve didn't reply, he continued, "And you're not going to have room to carry them all."  Steve had just kept walking.
They break apart several moments later, and Tony leans forward, panting quietly as he rests his head against Steve’s shoulder, one hand sliding from Steve’s cheek down to his neck, then his shoulder, then his chest.  “Steve,” he whispers.  “Do you really want this?  Do you really want
Fifty-four seconds left.  Tony breathed in deep and gazed back.  "Yeah," he said.  "Yeah, I trust you."
They burst onto the top deck, and it’s a cacophony of light and sound, of blinding flares and screaming passengers.  In the distance, Tony can see some lifeboats drifting aimlessly, but there are still so many people on board.  Too many.  How many of them are going to be dead by morning?
"No, not really," Tony said.  He lurched out of bed and made some adjustments, and for the moment, the airship stopped shaking.  It wasn't going to last forever, though, and he knew that he needed to start thinking about the best way they were going to hit the ground with this.  "But I did warn you we'd barely get there, didn't I?"
Some had become lovers, he thought, and he remembered the feel of Cap's hand around his in that little hospital room in Xi'an.
It was
Not that Tony was going to believe him anyway, but the redness on his face—visible even despite the cowl—made it clear what the truth was.  "You do," he said.  "Holy shit.  And you of all people had enough clout to join me on this.  That's amazing."
“Tony?” Rogers asked, shining the flashlight at him.  “What’s going on?”
“Tony…” Steve begins, but he’s already walking off.  “Tony!”
Tony rolls his eyes.  “Actually, I’m on the right side of the rail for what I have in mind.  So you can go off now and… and be poor.  Thanks for pretending to care, though.”
He had to try.  He opened his mouth, and—
"Like what?" Steve said.  They were wasting time.  "Opening the front doors
, well.  Freeing Steve, giving him a chance to live, will be worth it.  “Bring your hands up and lay them against the pipe.  Separate them as much as you can.”
Finally, though, it seems like Tony’s had enough—“Okay,” he gasps, and Steve notes with satisfaction that Tony’s not the
Tony dropped a canister onto the ground in response, and the world went gray around them.
“‘Nick’?” Tony repeated, baffled.  “Since when are you two on a first-name basis?”  He sure wasn’t about to call Fury “Nick” anytime soon.  He suspected Fury felt similarly.
"I guess," Tony said at last.
, he nearly wanted to add, but something made him hold back.  Maybe it was too much. "But I had to try. Maybe I succeeded.  I don't know. I hope so. Just… no matter what, Tony, know that you're amazing.  And you will be alright."
Tony watches the coffin sink deeper into the water and doesn’t say a word.
Cap took a deep breath, gaze flickering away for a moment before he looked back at Tony.  "They're… far.  But I think they're alive.  Their transceivers were still sending signals, but the distance became too great and they dropped off."
"Whoa, whoa," Tony said quickly, holding up his hands.  "Cap, I have a Ming dynasty vase sitting at home in New York.  That thing is priceless.  Do you know when the Ming dynasty was active?  From about the 1300s to the 1600s.  And you know when the Shang dynasty ruled?  Something like those dates, but with a BC attached to the year.  If a shield—even Captain America's shield—smashed into my vase, let me tell you, I would be pretty cross.  And that goes double for all the weapons and statues and pottery in here.  Archaeology is by nature a destructive science, but that doesn't mean we can't make every effort to mitigate that destruction."
"That's a big if," Tony said, but he started eating anyway.
"So one day a man approached us.  He'd known who I was from before everything happened, and he'd heard I was here.  His name was Reed Richards.  Recognize it?  You probably don't.  One of the best scientific minds of our time.  Anyway—he said he'd heard that one of the NMI labs—sorry, the National Microbiological Institute—one of those labs was still operational, the one in Bethesda.  And if we could get there, maybe we could work on a cure.  So Rhodey went with him to the lab, to keep him safe, and I—I located Namor.  He took me to sea, and there… I actually found you."  Stark paused, and there was the tiniest of smiles on his face.  "I thought if anyone's blood could hold the key to a cure, it would be yours.  You being alive was an unexpected twist, but it was just icing on the cake."
Once said realization hits, his brain seems to stop working, and he struggles with himself for a moment, trying to figure out what he should do.  His instinct is to call his name in return, directing him to the room he’s locked up in, but then what?  It’s not like Tony’s going to have a key for his handcuffs.  And it’s dangerous down here.  If—if Tony stays for too long, he’s not going to make it back up, and he’ll have died for nothing…
“No,” Tony replies quickly.  “Keep it there.  I like the handprint on my thigh.”
The bridge appeared beneath their feet.  If the circumstances had been different—if he wasn't surrounded by former people who wouldn't hesitate to tear him apart, if the bridge and the banks of the river weren't littered with empty cars and empty hopes, if the parkway was marked only by yellow and white dotted lines instead of being stained with red—Steve imagined the view from here would have been spectacular, not unlike the quiet moments during the war where Steve would stand in one spot and drink in the sights, his fingers itching for a pen and paper.  But the river was obscured by the mass of biters all around them, and there was no view to be seen.  So Steve plodded on, trying to reassure himself that this couldn't last forever.
"Steve, you need to get on!" Tony shouted, body half off the train.  "This thing's not stopping!"
Stark didn't respond for a long moment.  "You should get some more rest," he said at last, dropping the conversation.  "I'm going to catalog and pack our things, and tomorrow we'll start heading south."
And maybe, just maybe, Tony was a little bit jealous.  He was still young, still healthy, except for the very major problem that was his heart, ticking ever so closer to an end that would come sooner rather than later—his one, single flaw.  But here was Steve Rogers, the War’s other all-American hero, and he was fit as a fiddle and as perfect as anyone could be.  And now—well.  Now
"And why can't you look for him yourself?" Tony asked.
"They do," Fury replied.  "The difference is that this time, we know it's real, and we know it has some sort of power.  Keep reading."
And Steve comes, crying out Tony’s name so loud he’s sure everyone on the entire ship can hear, his entire body clenching and arching as he feels warmth splatter across his stomach.  Tony keeps on fucking him until Steve feels like every last drop has been wrung from his body before he finally lets go as well, and Steve groans as he can feel Tony shooting deep into him, shouting his name in response.
“It’s too soon to tell,” Carol says.
Steve blinks and frowns.  “What?  Why?  What are you talking about?”
"He's probably expecting us," Cap agreed.  "Using the others as bait."
It was the most Stark had said in several days, though Steve hardly minded.  They weren't here to talk, after all—they'd done all the talking they could stand ten years ago.  "Okay," he said, and they continued onward.
“I’m not an
"Call me Steve," Steve supplied.
“—And you didn’t even think to tell me about this beforehand?”
"It was our pleasure," Tony said.  He eyed the bag she was holding.  "That looks heavy… can you carry all that yourself?"
Steve groaned and turned his head away from the voice, burying his face in the pillow.  It smelled nice and was fluffier than he was used to, which was mildly confusing, but not confusing enough to pull away.  "Let me sleep."
“I’m not punishing myself,” Tony whispers against Steve’s finger.
becomes increasingly clear as Tony continues to strip him, pulling his shirt off and leaning down to suck at his neck, hands sliding down Steve’s body to undo the fly of his pants as well.  “Y-you’re sure not holding anything back, are you?” Steve manages when Tony pulls back, touching the spot he’d just been sucking at.  It feels sore, and Tony bats his hand away.  “Did you just give me a bruise?”
, and he knows when something’s wrong.  There’s a difference now in the way the ship is moving, a difference in the way he has to hold himself completely upright.  He suspects most people can’t tell.  But he can.  “There’s a list,” he tells Steve, whose face shows shock and just a little bit of blankness.  “I’m not sure how many degrees.  But to feel it already, so soon after impact—that’s not good.”  When Steve still looks blank, Tony continues, “The ship is tilting because water’s flooding in.”
Tony feels weak in the knees, and not in the good way.  For so long, he—he’s wanted to believe that Steve was different, that he wasn’t like any of the others who only cared about his looks or his money or his parents.  That maybe somehow, he’s finally found someone who actually cares about
At this, Tony lets out a wanton moan, thrusting into him, and for a moment, Steve can’t help but palm his erection, feeling it press into his hand.  Tony wants this badly.
He turned toward Cap again.  He'd known, somehow, the key they'd needed to stop it.  The key that Tony himself didn't know.  His gaze drifted down to Cap's hand, where he remembered seeing the relic, the completed ring—but even though the room was dark, he could see enough to tell that it was gone.  "Where," he managed, finding himself at a strange loss for words.
"And you think the reports written by the archeologist digging in Yinxu confirm that something of interest is there for sure," Pepper added.
"So," Steve said softly once they'd been walking for about fifteen minutes.  The Navy Yard was over ten miles away, so they had a trek ahead of them.  "What's this Tveria that Natasha was going on about?"
"Right.  Well, none of that was enough for us to leave.  Say what you would about him, but that school was damn safe.  Until Jess gave birth, anyway."
Cap reached up, his hand against the cowl that covered most of his face.  There was a moment of hesitation, but then he moved his hand, pushing the cowl off to reveal messy blond hair to go with the blue, blue eyes.  "My name is Steve," he said.
"Why would you want to?"
"I am," Steve replied, but he knew it was up to Tony to trust him.
"I think I can tell you now," Tony said softly.  "Not because I want to, mind you.  But you seem dangerously close to forgiving me and I can't have that."  He sighed again, then continued, "Steve, they used the Jericho."
“Glad to hear it.”  Since Tony isn’t stopping him, Steve continues to touch him, rubbing the lotion along the length of his cock and brushing his thumb over his foreskin, listening to the quiet sounds Tony makes in response.
Steve opened his eyes and saw only today.
Nonetheless, they’re happy, and it shows even when they try to keep things under wraps.  Luke gives them suspicious glances during their team meetings.  Tony overhears Jessica gossiping to Carol over the phone about the two of them.  By the time they decide to finally admit they’re seeing each other in front of the New Avengers, Peter just rolls his eyes and tells them Logan told them this like, ten years ago.
"I'll miss this place," Stark said, his voice almost fond as he looked around the little cabin.  The sun was rising, the… injured people had dispersed, and it was about time to leave.  "We may not have running water again for some time."
matter was getting to Tony.
- no matter what he did or said, Steve would still go, and Tony would never see him again.
He was so different now.  His jaw, his shoulders, the way he carried himself… it was almost like Tony was seeing another person entirely.  And yet - some things hadn't changed. His lips, the softness of his smile, his eyes - God, his eyes. Grainy and colorless though the newsreel was, Tony would know those eyes anywhere.  It was, to him, a minor miracle that no one in this room was able to look at him and put it all together.
The sabretooth nodded quickly.  Breath hitching, Tony stepped forward and shone his flashlight at it—sure enough, those blue eyes were the same as Rogers’, even if they looked more panicked than normal.  As for the rest of him… well.  There wasn’t much of Rogers there, unless he counted the golden fur or the fact that even with the short legs sabretooths apparently had, there was something about his build, massive though it was, that exuded grace and power.  Okay, so maybe there was more of Rogers here than he’d thought—shame his patriotism hadn’t carried through, though, because no doubt Tony would have laughed himself into a coma if Rogers had had a star marking on his ass.  Still…  “I don’t understand,” he said again.  “How did this happen?”
"Arnie?" Steve repeated as he trailed after her.
For a while, both of them sat there in silence, staring at the walls.  Tony had thought Steve would say something more, but it seemed like nothing was forthcoming.
"Do you know what to do?" Cap asked.
"When am I not?" Tony replied with a wink, even though Steve was pretty sure he wasn't feeling it.  He gave Steve a wave, and then he was gone, closing the door behind him.
Tony flipped through the next few pages, then rolled his eyes and put the folder back down.  "Not much to read when everything's been blacked out," he said.
.  See how they’re trying to avoid each other?  Though Ty is kind of a snake anyway so I guess it’s for the better.  At least he can’t blackmail me unless he wants to be caught up in a scandal himself.”
And he had done it.
But it was selfish, he thought, to voice those thoughts aloud.  The best he could do now was to offer Tony strength and hope and courage.  "It'll be okay," he said softly, and he prayed to whoever was listening above that his words wouldn't be a lie, even if they felt like one.  How could it be okay?  There were, he was realizing now, so many things he needed to say to Tony, so many things he should have said earlier, when there was still a chance.  Now their time was up, and all those words would remain unsaid forever, forgotten the way so many other fragments of civilization had been forgotten in this world.
"You're so-called heroes who don't kill people unless your lives are in danger, and even then you try to take them alive," Natasha answered.  "And I'm not trapped."
As expected, Pepper and Rhodey were waiting near the doors, and both of them were carrying guns.  Ostensibly, this excursion in Fengjing would be similar to the one in Yinxu, but the knowledge that the Nazis had been here the day before was setting everyone's hairs on end.
Tony relaxes for a moment, thinking he’s got Steve convinced—but then suddenly Steve’s arms are around him as he bodily hauls Tony onto the lifeboat before a crew member pushes Steve away.  Tony reaches out, needing to touch him one more time, but Steve’s too far now, and the lifeboat is lowering and oh God, this can’t be happening.  He makes an attempt to stand up, but his father pulls him back down, growling at him to stop it, and in response Tony makes a soft sound in the back of his throat, looking up at Steve.
Steve shivers, tilting his head to give Tony easier access as one hand slides up his back.  It’s been a while since he’s been touched this way.  “I-I don’t know about that,” he manages.  “I’m just a guy—”
"None other," Stark replied, spreading his hands out wide and giving him a broad grin—even if it didn't quite reach his eyes.  "Welcome back to the land of the living—"  He paused, looking thoughtful for a moment, and then continued as though it were an afterthought: "—And the dead."
It was empty.  He moved on to the second one, then immediately backed away when he realized there was a family in there—one that long since couldn't be helped anymore.  Trying not to feel shaken, he stepped into the third room, again looking and listening.
To do those things, he needed Cap.
Steve took that as his cue to step away, wanting to give them some space.  "We'll be close by," he said—not that he was even sure they heard him, but he nonetheless motioned for Tony to follow him.  He spotted the shelter that Luke and Jessica had been using and decided to pick another location that was far enough to give them some privacy.  Sitting down at long last was a relief—he might have been a super soldier, but Jesus, it was nice to finally get some rest.
"I know you," Tony whispered.
was fine.  But then a biter came a little too close to the home for his liking, stealing his attention away—and by the time it ambled off, his original thought had been scattered to the wind, and Steve didn't think of it again.
Howard makes another motion with his hand, and the stewards leave, pulling Steve along.  Tony shies away as they pass him, steadfastly avoiding meeting his gaze.  He doesn’t move again until the sounds of Steve struggling against them fade into the distance, and it’s only when Sunset lays a hand against his shoulder that he remembers he’s not alone.
"It wasn't," Ma confirmed, but she was still looking at him a little suspiciously.  Still, she straightened, motioning for him to hold the compress up to his own eye. "I'm sorry he's back at it, though.  At least you'll have Arnie to look forward to." She turned, heading back to the kitchen where whatever was on the pot was still cooking, and motioned for him to follow.
an option.  Luke's out there in the forest and I'm not going to make things harder for him by unleashing a building of biters onto him."
And that was when he realized he wasn't alone in the bed.
Yeah, he did, Steve had to agree privately.  Some people just liked wielding power over others, and it was clear which categories Dougie and Steve fell into.  Still, it could be worse. Dougie could have picked on someone even weaker. As much as Steve didn't enjoy sporting a fresh bruised eye all the time, it was worth it if it protected someone else from incurring Dougie's wrath.
Rogers nodded again, and so they set off, with Rogers leading because Tony honestly had no clue where they were going.  Multiple times along the way, though, he had to call out to Rogers, telling him to slow down because he was going far too fast, which was honestly getting to be supremely annoying.  After an hour of this, Rogers evidently felt the same way, turning at his shout and glaring at him.
Which suddenly became a lot harder when he ran up to the doorway that he knew would lead to the unblocked exit and found it caved in with rubble.
the material before the teacher came to collect it from his row, which in turn prevented him from doing further investigation into the other strange goings-on.
"This is feeding my ego," Tony insisted.
Tony knelt down to inspect them, then looked around the area.  "Yeah," he said. "Someone must have raided here recently.  Footprints show a normal gait.  Hell if I know if it's the guy we're looking for, but it might be worth checking out."
Ma reached out, and Steve unclenched his hand so he could take hers - she always ran cold, just like him, but today she was even colder.  He tried not to think about it. "But nothing. The young man I raised doesn't run away. Do you remember why?"
"Damn right!"  Maybe that was why Tony enjoyed this aspect of the suit so much.  It was just a shame he hadn't added these modifications until
“You’re good,” he breathes.  “So careful.  Are you always this careful?  Wait, no, don’t tell me.  Just—just keep doing this.”  He whimpers again when Steve leans up, licking a wet trail around his nipple, and Steve makes a quiet sound of his own when he feels a hand thread itself into his hair.  It’s strange to be on his back when he’s the one making the initiative, but he hardly minds, not with the way Tony is shifting and moving above him.  Steve thinks he can stay like this for ages, just touching Tony and listening to him whimper and moan.
It was pretty much just Ty, really.  And Ty… well. Ty was kind of a special case.  He challenged Tony, both physically and mentally, and Tony liked that - he hated coasting, he hated just knowing things, he hated his mind being idle.  But Ty also liked making everything into a competition. There was no such thing as a team effort and there definitely was no such thing as both of them being winners.  It was one or the other, and boy, did that get tiring. But playing Ty's game certainly made Tony push himself harder, and just the fact that Ty thought Tony was worthy competition made Tony feel good, because it meant he was important to Ty.
An inventor, he thought.  He remembered all the doodles he'd found in Tony's notebook, each one laid out with precise notations next to them, almost as if they were design specifications and would actually work if built.
Steve thought.  He tried to put the pieces together.  Looking forward to Arnie - it sounded like he'd somehow made plans to see Arnie, which would certainly have been something nice.  He saw Arnie so rarely these days. But he was going to bring someone with him to see Arnie, and that person was still undecided. On top of that, he had a week to figure out who that person was going to be.  But Ma was confident that he could find anyone he wanted.
“Should there?” Steve asks quietly.  When Tony opens his mouth to reply, Steve reaches up with his other hand, placing a finger over Tony’s lips, and Tony goes silent.  “Ten years,” he says, “is a long time to punish yourself.”
"Wait, what?" Cap replied, his hands going still for a moment.  "No.  I mean—"  He took a deep breath, then went back to rolling the gauze.  "Look, when those things came out… for a while, the promise of a new issue was what kept me going.  Things were bleak.  I was eating boiled cabbage and mayonnaise sandwiches.  But then I'd read
"It could be leftovers from when the Nazis were here," Rhodey suggested.
And then the light hit its features just right, and the shield clanged to the ground from his nerveless fingers.
That conversation hadn't been nearly as enlightening as Tony had hoped, but he nonetheless nodded, allowing the change in topic.  "Let's go."
Soon enough, he heard more thudding coming from above, and a moment later, a ceiling tile above them slid open.  Jessica appeared, looking dustier than ever.  "Hey," she called.  "Can I come down?"
But he can’t do that.  He can’t not take this chance to see Tony, however briefly, for one last time.  Tony needs him, and he needs Tony.  So finally, he clangs his cuffs against the pipe, trying to make as much noise as he can.  “Tony!” he calls out.  “Tony, I’m here!”
up, well, that seemed as good a price to pay as any.  After all, their country was recovering from a war.  They needed someone like Captain America, like Steve, to guide them.  But Tony?  He’d done his part.  He could—he could rest easy.
Stark closed his eyes.  "That was the original plan," he said.  "The war ended in 1945, and afterward we—the government, I mean—sent search parties out to look for you.  But then…"
"Yeah," Cap said.  He smiled.  "We'll work something out.  This won't be the last time we see each other, I know it."
"Just like that."  Tony glanced at Cap, but his expression was unreadable.  "I've adventured with a lot of people in my day, Cap."  Some of those people had already been friends.  Some had become friends.
"That was a lot less helpful than I thought it'd be," Rhodey commented dryly.
After some time looking, Steve spots Tony at last—he’s sitting on a bench and staring blankly ahead at nothing at all.  But Tony’s gaze shifts again, prompting him to get up and attempt to run off.  Steve catches up, though, and grabs hold of his arm before he can get anywhere.  “Tony,” he says, spinning him around so that they can face each other.  “What are you doing?  Why are you avoiding me?”
He grimaced.  Whatever was going on down there, it didn’t sound very good.  In fact, based on the loud thumps, it seemed more like Rogers was scaling the wall, sliding down, and falling.  Over and over and over again.
His laptop was still sitting where he'd last seen it.  After Tony dumped his things onto the floor, he picked it up and brought it to his bed.  It scanned his face as usual and let him in, though he noticed that it wasn't starting up, just awakening from its idle state.  A glance at one corner told him that the battery was dangerously low, probably because it'd been left on all night without charging.  Tony grimaced and found the charger, plugging it in before - at long last - settling down to see what had changed.
“That’s the point,” Tony says as gently as he can.  “Steve, if Thanos or Galactus or whoever comes here, I’ve got your back.  And you’ll have access to all my resources.  Once an Avenger, always an Avenger.  That’s what you always say, right?  I just… need to be on my own for now.”
"It's not over," Birch said loudly, bringing Tony back into the conversation.  He wasn't smiling like he was before, but he'd regained his composure, a glint in his eyes.  "It doesn't matter if your friends have sabotaged the launchers above.  If you want nothing to leave the ship, then we'll play your way.  Nothing leaves.  We stay and we die together."
, was Tony's first thought.
"You don't need to go anywhere," Maya said.  He realized now that she was holding a syringe which was already filled with blood.  His own?  "Steve, don't you realize?  You're the key.  There are more important things now than an irrelevant weapons designer."
, and even though he’s known Tony for all of, what, two days, he knows there’s something special about him.  Something he doesn’t want to slip away.  Is whatever they have now going to last once they get off the ship?  He doesn’t know.  But this—whatever this is—is something he’s going to enjoy while he can.
And then a gun went off, and pain blossomed in Steve's side.
The question takes him by surprise, his eyelids fluttering for a moment.  But then he turns his head in the direction of Steve’s voice, giving him a small smile.  “I do,” he says.  He’s had his share of corporate spies and ladies who’ve wanted to bed him in the hopes that he might gift them something extravagant.  But Steve—Steve isn’t like any of them.  He
So he wades in deeper, heading into the adjacent room—he figures he should probably check the more flooded rooms first before he’s unable to go into them at all.  There’s another key cabinet in here, but all of them are once again brass, and a quick check of the drawers floating around the room proves to be fruitless as well.  Okay, he thinks.  So this room is a bust.  Maybe—maybe the next one.
“Steve,” he whispers, and God, it hurts, how much Tony misses him.
Coffee?  Steve had only had a small cup of it once - Ma had given it to him on his first day of high school a couple of years back, telling him that he was old enough to try it out.  He'd downed it and made a face, and then Ma had laughed, telling him that it wasn't for everyone. But for some reason, hearing there was coffee
Cap beamed, and Tony could feel his heart melting a little at that.  "Always," he said.
it’s not going to be okay.  He’s being separated from Steve and while he might live,
"I'd buy them," Steve said defensively.  "I like adventures."
"Ah," the woman said.  "Honestly?  Lab supplies.  I was coming from one of the Johns Hopkins campuses when I got ambushed."  She paused and offered her hand to each of them.  "I guess I should introduce myself.  I'm a scientist.  Maya Hansen."
“Unless we fight our way out.”
“It’s not congenital.  It’s not genetic, either.  I don’t know what the hell it is.  But it developed after—well, you’ve read
"I don't have my suit anymore."
Tony’s breath catches as he senses the weight of Steve’s hand against his armor.  He can’t actually feel it, but nonetheless, his skin seems to burn where Steve is touching him.  “There’s a lot of other things that’s happened since then that you should be remembering,” he can’t help but say.
Maybe it was just more nonsense.  Tony said nothing and let Steve hold him in the increasing darkness as the night settled around them.
Two hours later, he’s back in California, but he doesn’t land on the roof of his office or his home.  Instead, he finds himself in the poppy reserve he and Steve had spent so much time in back when things had been so perfect, and that’s where he ultimately lands.
, but Rhodey had knocked Cap to the ground, and the thing sailed harmlessly over their heads before hitting the other wall.
The eyeroll Cap did in response was almost contained.  Almost.  "I figured that out," he said.  "'Cap' is fine."
.  It existed.  It was explainable by science.
"You were using your armor to help people.  And when you weren't doing that, you were building things for our army," Steve pointed out.  Even if Steve disagreed deeply with some of the things Tony had built, he could at least believe that
...No, he wouldn't, Tony realized.  Since Tony had first found Ma sick in her room all those weeks ago, Steve had never mentioned a thing about it.  Tony had, of course - he'd brought it up in every single entry he'd written since. But while Steve had replied to individual points -
A little nervous, Tony poked his head in to see what was going on, only to be greeted by the sight of what looked like an old - well, probably new, relative to Steve's time - newsreel being projected onto one of the walls, one that was apparently captivating the attention of several men, if the small crowd around it was anything to go by.  Some sort of propaganda?
After a moment of deliberation, he decided to head north, toward the mountain.  If he was lucky, that was the direction Steve was heading in.  If he was unlucky, then he was pretty screwed.
Tony wondered what Steve had told her about the date.  He knew what Steve wrote in his journal, but who knew if they were the same.  "Well, what'd I say before?"
rest."
“Yeah, it’s best not to get him too pissed off before noon.  Don’t worry; you’ll get to meet his charming self tonight.”  He pauses, worrying his lip for a moment.  “…No, maybe this was a bad idea.  You’re nice, and he’s mean.  He’ll say awful things to you.  Maybe you shouldn’t come.”
,” Tony protested, because ouch, that glare could hurt people.  “If I had, I wouldn’t be here right now, would I?”
Steve blinked.  Or, well, he supposed technically he winked, since he was still standing in the foyer where Ma was holding the cold compress to one of his eyes.  "I did?" he asked, trying to remember. If something like that had happened, then surely it would have stood out to him. He and Dougie fought pretty much every day, and he was pretty sure yesterday had been no exception.
That… is just about the saddest thing Steve’s ever heard, so he reaches up, placing his hand against Tony’s shoulder.  “Everyone deserves to have a voice.”
Tony took a deep breath, looking as though he wanted to say something more, but then he relented and went silent.  Together, they went down the stairs and through the exit, stepping back out onto the street.  The city was quiet around them, and Steve was relieved to see that all the noise they'd been making hadn't drawn any other biters out.  "All clear," Tony said.  "Let's go."
"That was an accident," Tony replied, trying to remember the lie he'd come up with to cover for the fact that Steve had emptied out all his bottles.  "You know."
Cap shrugged a little.  "I'm pretty sure that whatever you told Virgil didn't involve you dying in an ancient Chinese tomb," he said.  "Wouldn't want to make a liar out of you."
To Steve’s dismay, Tony laughs at this, but he doesn’t shrug his hand away.  “You’re definitely not real,” he says.  “It’s not possible.  No one’s this…
,” Sunset spits.  “Anyone who looks at you can tell you’re a man of wealth.  God forbid if someone tried to rob you.”
And so Steve returned to the remains of the fire, to the dusting of ashes that remained on his makeshift pyre.  There, he knelt down, closing his eyes as he ran his fingers along the cooling wood, feeling the texture of the grains beneath his fingers.
Natasha stared at Steve for a long moment.  Then she turned to Tony, putting away the Makarov and setting down what looked like several miniature cylinders.  "Smoke bombs and firecrackers, with love from Russia.  If you're traveling, you'll need them more than me."
“W-we both need to,” Tony tells him, setting his jaw in a vain attempt to make his teeth stop chattering.  “A-and I’m saying for y-you to get on first.  And either you c-c-can argue with me a-and we can both spend m-more time in the water, o-or you can l-listen and g-get on.”
On instinct, Tony blindly leapt to one side at the same time the sabretooth leapt forward, shooting his repulsor blasts again and praying Rogers wasn’t in his line of fire.  There was a whooshing sound as Rogers presumably flung his shield, then a thud and a growl as it made contact.  “It’s not going down,” he yelled, firing again even though he could barely see where it was.  “Got any ideas?”
Cap picked up a dressing pad, staring very hard at it as he laid it over the gunshot wound.  That thing was probably going to leave a scar, Tony couldn't help but think.  "
“Steve,” Tony says, swinging around to face him and taking both his hands in his own, “when we reach New York, I’m getting off with you.”
Rogers’ gaze landed on the gauntlet, and for a moment, he looked dubious.  Eventually, though, he nodded, pulling out a blanket and draping it over him.  “Yeah,” he said.  “Go to sleep.  You’ve lost a lot of blood.”
Tony went pale—even paler—and his eyes went wide.  "Steve—"
ended.
With that, he started climbing up, back toward the light.  Thankfully, the drop hadn’t been deep, but they’d been traveling all day and Tony’s limbs were sore from straddling Rogers at awkward angles, and not in a fun way.  Finally, though, he made it up, flopping onto the ground afterward before managing to gather the strength to look back down into the opening, where Rogers still was.  “Alright,” he said.  “Work your magic.”
He doesn’t get it.
Tony really needs to learn one of these days that unbridled drinking does, in fact, come with consequences.  Then again, would knowing that stop him?  Probably not.  Still, he thinks as he tries not to squint
," came Steve's voice, sounding oddly disembodied.  Tony was doing nothing but sitting here, and yet he could feel his heart start to pound uncomfortably fast.  "
Clearly pleased with himself, Tony pulls away, heading into another room and pausing in the doorway, looking back at him.  “You’d better get ready in the sitting room.  I’ll be out in a moment.”  And he shuts the door.
Stark let out what sounded like a choked laugh, shaking his head.  "God, no.  I
