This time -
Free for use and download.
Finally, Sherlock looks up from the monitor and looks at me with his dubious gaze running across my body. "I could help you with that."
Two older wallpapers for you.
Hi everyone! :)
Use it well, buddies!
Use it well.
And this is… What is this?!
Use it well.
Sherlock BBC
Not even a nice tone in my question will force him to lift his head. "Experiment."
Another mixture of avatars for your use.
But this time it is without themes or fandoms. Only with my own templates, patterns or photos.
"I'm glad I'm not confused anymore. Now I'm finally going to sleep in peace with the warm thought of them asking for their portion of breakfast in the morning, which I'll probably cook from those week old thumbs."
Another assortment of avatars for your use.
"With what exactly?"
Hello again, friends...
Again avatars like the other time.
I have something small for you. If you would like it - of course ;)
"I can do something with you. Trust me, I will find a way of distract you. And you'll come up with other thoughts. And when I think about it, I haven't had anything in my mouth for a long time."
"Don't talk nonsense, John. They're just embryos in the final stage of decomposition."
Anime fans - for now!
"Sherlock, what are these disgustingly bile, viscous and unidentifiable things, which have soiled the entire top shelf of the refrigerator so much, that I'll have to throw away all the cheese that dared to be in the immediate vicinity?"
If you like every info about graphic of "whateverones"  - graphic or  short stories - you can use this link -
You can download it
You can use it without credits.
Do you like anime named
Link:
He doesn't even turn away from the computer and just utters a quiet
Link:
Free for all. 100x100px size. From photoshoots of BBC free stores.
to prove he hears me. The opposite of what he does other times when I'm not here and he speaks to me in my absence. Sometimes I feel invisible.
"You're too narrowminded."
"Sherlock?" I shout into the living room.
Free for all. 100x100px size. From screens of anime.
1280/1024 and 1440/900.
Well... hello mainly Johnlockers for now <3
Today... Again icons/avatars :).
Hello again :)
Use it well.
Today's list has exceeded all my expectations. Human eyes, human fingers, human spleen at least according to what I had already been able to compare. This thing in the egg compartment actually looks like human testicles, but I don't think I want to know what it is, and I'll pretend it's just some inconspicuous and harmless waste. Except it's in the fridge.
Free for all. 100x100px size. From photoshoots of BBC free stores.
You can download it:
Fine... This stuff looks like a maw. Probably a piece of rumen or a reticulum. Depending on the size probably from a cow or a very large deer but there aren't many of them running around London, I think. And what I've observed yesterday.
Hello again everyone!
This time -
This time - again - Sherlock BBC.
Well, I should complain more often. I am naked, sweaty, and totally satisfied in his arms. This shag was a far away from the cardinal mess, rather it reached somewhere to cardinal bliss. He did something to me as he promised and he did it very well. He did it three times. Three times very well. Damn it and hallelujah, he can bring malaria, typhus or the marburg virus into our fridge if I feel this way every time.
Great, and this is a piece of hoof? One delicacy next to another, such a typical contents of a common fridge in a normal household, the joy of cooking a hearty dinner when is it offered…
They are separated afterwards and put in different interview rooms. The last look John gets of Sherlock is an acerbic grin directed at one of the officers before he's handcuffed again and rather forcefully removed from the room.
“Why was your PA arrested?” John wonders.
Having reduced Sherlock Holmes to a begging mess, John thinks he can start dishing out rewards. So he does as he's told, adding his fingernails, raking them over Sherlock's back underneath his loosened shirt.
----------
“Yesterday you told me otherwise,” John murmurs softly.
As he sits up, his head starts pounding. Luckily, John left painkillers for him, so Sherlock takes three tablets but has to swallow them dry. Well, needs must...
That's totally not what John had meant.
John's hands have been holding him in place at his hips, his thumbs digging in the soft, almost translucent skin below protruding hip bones. But now his grip starts to slip on the damp skin, slick with sweat. Sherlock's hard cock is leaking copiously onto his concave, quivering belly, his dark pubic hair glistening with his own fluids. The flushed head of his cock is fully engorged and dark red, like the hole John is pounding so hard.
“Always so imperious...”
Now it really hurts. God, it burns! John feels like being ripped in two. He writhes, trying to push Sherlock away, the agony paralysing him. But is it only agony? Because as Sherlock, while still smashing their mouths together, lazily rolls his hips a spark of pleasure spreads through John's body. Sherlock seems to sense that John finally relents a fraction and does it again. As John's resistance seems to crumble, Sherlock starts to move in earnest. He breaks the kiss – if you could actually call it that – in favour of biting down John's neck. The sharp pain on his sensitive skin further distracts John from his discomfort below.
“It's fine.” Sherlock replies in answer to John's unspoken question.
John curses under his breath, then kneels down beside the fragile body, feeling for a pulse. Sherlock is cold but his heartbeat is steady. John takes in the bloodstains on the coffee table as well as the fresh track mark on the thin arm he's still holding by the wrist and sighs inwardly.
“I'm all ears.” Sherlock's smile becomes mask-like again, a mere movement of muscles without the underlying emotion.
Sherlock bolts it anyway, crawling over the floor, then sits with his back against the wood. He knows John's standing on the other side, waiting, listening, and it's not only humiliating, it's an outright nuisance.
“It's ok, he told me.” John feels the need to clarify. Perhaps Lestrade wants to protect him from the ugly truth?
“What are you... ?” John can't continue, for Sherlock presses his nose into his pubic hair, right against the crest of John's groin and inhales deeply. His lips are but an inch away from John's balls and John can only shiver in anticipation as Sherlock exhales, breath ghosting over John's most sensitive parts.
John holds him at arm’s length, shrugs, then smooths down Sherlock's t-shirt that has ridden up almost to the middle of his back. It's then that he more feels then sees it. And Sherlock registers. Of course he does. John's eyes widen in shock; he can't feign not noticing. “God, Sherlock, what...?”
“Grab the headboard.” It's not an order but Sherlock's tone bids no objection either.
It's so tight that John forgets to breath. His eyes want to flutter shut but he forces them open to watch his cock breach Sherlock's by now dark-red rim, sliding smoothly inside him until John's hips come flush with those lovely round arse cheeks.
“There? That good?”
“Well, anything you might want to say has already crossed my mind, believe me.”
It tastes of soap and musk and sex and John. It's hot and soft and … oh god! Sherlock sucks and John's hole flutters beneath his lips. The noises he makes are raw and desperate.
John speeds up and hurries towards the station. Baker Street is just a short ride from Farringdon on the Metropolitan and District line. The sun is warm on his back as John Watson walks briskly through the waking London streets, the newfound enticing prospect literally adding a spring to his step. His heart is singing.
Sherlock's tone still rings with panic as he continues. “I couldn't stop watching him, John. I wanted to look away but I couldn't. I got hard myself. I pressed my fist against my crotch. Victor saw it. And then he was all over me again. It was just wild fumbling and uncoordinated rubbing but... I couldn't stop. Only when he tried to stick his tongue into my mouth I turned away. I came so hard I almost blacked out. Victor shot his semen all over my stomach. I can still remember him staring at it, putting his fingers into it and painting on my skin. I threw up after that and literally ran away.”
“I know.” Lestrade shifts, uneasy.
“You don't have to. Just let me...”
Sherlock shrugs indifferently.
“About his relations with the PA?”
----------
Sherlock stands by the window, his back to John as his body sways slightly in accord with the music.
“Nothing. It's just... stuff, from before... I don't want it any more, any of it. I think we should start afresh.”
John has a bad taste in his mouth and suddenly experiences the urge to smash something. “As a gay man during those times, he'd been the perfect victim for blackmail. Is there anything in that box indicating what might have happened?”
“No.” But his protest sounds weak even to his own ears. “At least, I don't think so.”
John recalls their fingers touching, entwining, brushing against each other. He remembers stroking Sherlock's silky curls, holding his heaving body, feeling taut muscle contracting beneath expensive fabric. He has to bite his fist to stifle a groan.
“You fell in love.” Sherlock presses his nose against John's clavicle, inhaling his scent. Tea, wool, cheap soap, a hint of shaving cream. “You got married.”
“You are free to pursuit another line of inquiry with one of my associates. To the right, you might catch HIV or at least some pubic lice. To the left, he'll probably knife you in your sleep.”
“Of course.” John echoes, hastening to agree.
And he can't help Sherlock either when he gets frustrated or bored or impatient – and admitting that hurts even more then witnessing those states in the first place. All John can do is stay, supply tea, toast and cigarettes, and hope for the bout of sorrow or anger or... whatever to pass.
“Good night, Sherlock.” John turns and altogether runs up the stairs, fearing otherwise a second round of wanking might be called for.
That’s not the only thing John discovers, however, during those first love-stricken (or rather sex-addled) weeks of their affair. Sherlock shows some surprisingly favourable characteristics: he knows a lot of things about such diverse subjects as poisons, Asian martial arts, dogs, fashion, and music. He's a keen sportsman, despite his sometimes rather phlegmatic temperament, and actively engages in fencing and boxing. He's also an accomplished violinist, John learns. He knows London like the back of his own hand. And his circle of acquaintances is... colourful, to say the least, encompassing counts as well as beggars, respectable widows, shifty elements of the demi-monde, flamboyant artists and poor orphans alike. He doesn't distinguish by rank or title, gender or race, but treats those useful to him, intelligent and bright, with some kind of brusque courtesy, regardless of their breed or birth, while people he deems boring, useless or stupid have to suffer his ill temper.
John lifts his head and looks Sherlock up and down, apparently still miffed because of last night. “Feeling better?” the doctor inquires a tiny bit mischievous, eyeing Sherlock suspiciously.
“As I told you, I do not engage in this sort of activity.”
To avoid his sensitive flatmate, Sherlock takes the door leading directly into his bedroom, striding with as much dignity as he can muster. On his nightstand rests another glass of water with a packet of ibuprofen next to it. That's … nice. Naive, but nice.
“What a shame. He doesn’t know what he’s missing.” John breathes against the delicate shell of Sherlock’s ear before tilting his head and finally crushing their lips together, licking his way into Sherlock’s hot, wet mouth.
“Hello?” He asks once again, but knows that there won't be a reply. It's over. The man is gone, swallowed by the all-encompassing gloom. John's heart sinks. He slowly takes a full 360 degree turn and almost loses his sense of direction, propelled out of his orbit. He feels like floating in a fathomless sea. The loneliness wrings a sob from his throat. In the distance, two men start shouting angrily at each other. John seriously contemplates to get between them, to pick a fight, just to feel something, the rush of adrenaline, anything happening in his life, even if it's just confirmed by pain.
'God', John thinks, 'he's so fucking beautiful. And totally unaware. He has no idea what he does to me.'
“What do you mean?”
,' John thinks and steps forward. “How much do you own?” he asks and Mr. Chatterjee retorts: “Two pounds fifty.”
He silently sneaks down the stairs, then pauses in the kitchen. The door to his room is ajar but suddenly the thought of being confined to the dimly lit space is a threatening menace; Sherlock fears sombre impulses lurking there in the shadows, luring him into uninhibited actions followed by loss of control, and he can't allow that!
“Sorry,” he mumbles. “I'm sorry, it's just...” he trails off, his eyes pinched.
John.
“No-o,” John concedes, hesitantly drawing out the syllable.
But then John had left. For his bloody work. God, the man was such a loyal, faithful, responsible bore sometimes! Instead of exploring how far things might progress with them, John had decided he'd prefer to treat viral rhinopharyngitis and phlegmy respiratory tracts! Just as Sherlock, for the first time in a very long while, had considered letting someone near, his chosen object of desire had absconded.
John turns to Lestrade in hope of an explanation but the Inspector just pats John's shoulder, excusing himself: “Hi, John, nice to meet you. Sorry, mate, I've got to dash, otherwise Sherlock will upset my whole team. You know how he can be. See you.”
Sherlock takes his time, swirling his talented tongue round and round the crown of John's cock until John can't contain himself any longer. He grabs Sherlock's still damp curls and shoves his cock into that tight, moist heat until it bumps against the back of Sherlock's throat.
was a Dutch resistance organisation.
“Like this?”
----------
But he couldn't help it. Sherlock had returned again and again to the images of John retained upon his sensory cortex, his limbic system supplying him with graphic memories of their encounter while his pituitary gland had polluted his body with random doses of oxytocin. It had been rather appalling.
“So he must have delivered it in person?”
“I said don't!” He growls as the air is knocked out of Sherlock, who is totally taken by surprise, staring wide-eyed at John who can barely keep his impulses in check. John stands so close he can smell the scent of another man on Sherlock – not only an unfamiliar aftershave but the unmistakable heady musk of sex - and he feels his stomach turn as suddenly it all gets frighteningly real. Images  flood his brain, of strong, bold hands touching Sherlock's delicate skin, skimming his curving, sweat glistening spine as someone else's cock pushes into him, breaching him and he can almost hear Sherlock gasp in his deep velvety voice. John has to step back and press the back of his hand against his mouth to prevent himself from throwing up.
“Are you taking the piss? Trying to freak me out?” John snickers, but William keeps staring at him until he relents. “Listen, I don’t know, okay? My family is distant and large. There’s a Scottish branch, for example. Perhaps… well, both my parents are dead, so we’ll never know.” He looks back at William defiantly until the man lowers his gaze back to the letters.
When they kiss again their mouths crush together in an urgent frenzy. They both taste blood.
They share a few chaste kisses before eventually fatigue – physical and mental – takes over as they fall asleep.
John stills, freezes; his body desperately wants to continue while at least a small part of his brain that's not completely drained of blood (that's currently needed elsewhere) tells him to STOP. But his cock is achingly hard, flushed deep purple and leaking, bobbing up and down just a few inches away from Sherlock's swollen lips and John is only human, after all. He insistently nudges the glistening tip of his cock against Sherlock's lower lip, rubbing it back and forth, smearing it with clear precome. Sherlock simply lets him; he's gone still but doesn't pull away.
“I assure you I've slept in worse places.”
John balls his shackled fists and takes a few deep breaths. When Sherlock turns towards him, looking somewhat worried, John gives a minute shake of his head and takes Sherlock's left hand into his right, squeezing it firmly. He will support him and stand by him – even if it turns out to be his downfall. Love shouldn't be anything anyone should be ashamed of.
Sherlock has to swallow hard and it must be clearly visible to John, who leans in just a little more. Sherlock feels pinned like a frightened deer in the headlights of an approaching bus. From the corner of his eye, he can make out John raising his left hand, and Sherlock nearly twists his optic nerve as he tries to follow John's movement while his eyes stay riveted on John's face, captivated by his small but rather enticing mouth.
I’m writing to you because you refuse to listen to me when I try and talk some sense into you!
“I could just come like this, you know?” John's voice is husky from arousal. “All over your face. Do you want me to?”
“I can't breathe.”
in a foreign language, ok?”
“You were just a child.” John offers gently.
Because Sherlock seems to clearly enjoy playtime, John pushes the thought what this says about himself aside as he goes willingly along with it. He even discovers that he's a little into spanking and getting tied up – things Sherlock, on the other hand, can't stand when done to himself. He regards any form of restrains as unbearable control. Suffering pain does nothing for him. But inflicting it, acting dominant... now, that's another thing entirely. John enjoys Sherlock's firm hand and strict discipline. The man even owns a riding crop...
But all is quiet.
Sherlock doesn't understand how this came about. He'd never... insinuated … anything.
“Nothing,” Sherlock retorts but he's not returning to his magazine. Instead he switches off the telly and sits up. He has opened the two top buttons of his shirt and John is transfixed by the dark hollow of his suprasternal notch. His mouth goes suddenly dry and he has to swallow hard before speaking again.
“Ouch!”
“You don’t seem in a hurry.” The faceless voice states.
Witnessing Sherlock using the f-word brings John's world to an abrupt halt. He slowly walks over to his flatmate and tentatively puts a hand on his bony shoulder.
John shrinks a little under Sherlock's piercing gaze. “It's not that easy, John.” Sherlock's voice is suddenly rather cold.
John presses the pillow against his stomach and starts to lie on his belly.
“Never mind, Sherlock.”
John looks up at him, baffled. “That, Sherlock, was a joke. Don't tell me you fucked that tosser because I told you to!”
“Keep going.” Sherlock growls. “Don't you dare to stop.”
“How about you?” John is surprised at the blunt question from Sherlock. Usually, he's way more subtle.
A sharp sound falls from Sherlock's lips. John looks down, searching for signs of discomfort.
The variables had been numerous and difficult to calculate, and Sherlock had worked himself up into quite a state while trying.
Rome, June 1944
All because of Sherlock Holmes.
John does as he's told, staggering downstairs almost in trance. The old woman behind the counter smiles at him, nods, and quickly hands him a bag containing still warm crumpets, excusing herself for being unable to provide him with butter as well. John doesn't mind, however, and ascends the stairs again, nearly tripping over his own feet out of sheer exhaustion.
Caring is not an advantage!
“You think I'm kidding?” Sherlock is getting furious.
Just, please, don't do anything stupid you might regret later. You are a doctor, after all. He's not worth to get your hands dirty. Let justice take its course.
John is his friend. His best friend. His only friend.
“What?” John's voice is low, seductive and enticing, full of wicked promise. He presses his thigh just a little bit up and between Sherlock's legs and Sherlock's hips snap almost involuntarily as he ruts against John, his body seeking friction while his mind struggles to catch on.
“Sherlock...” It’s barely a hoarse whisper, insistent and a bit disappointed.
“Fine, I can do with some time on my own. I have some kidneys to tend to.”
he thinks, but this time he keeps quiet.
Despite having seen it coming, the impact of this simple statement nearly flattens John. What is he supposed to say to this? Is there anything anyone can say to this? It’s almost unbearable. He feels physical pain as he watches Sherlock, who is slightly rocking himself back and forth, curled into himself.
And John has to admit – at least to himself – that Sherlock is right. Nevertheless, John can't take his eyes off Sherlock. Suddenly, the man seems so alive; flesh and blood instead of the detached genius he presents to the world. John desperately wants to touch him but not in a tender way. He wants to throttle the infuriating prat, closing one hand around this long pale throat; wants to shake him while his curls bop, fists clenched tight around Sherlock’s sinewy upper arms; wants to beat some sense into him, his fist splitting Sherlock’s plush arrogant lip as it crashes into it forcefully, drawing blood.
Sherlock just hunches his shoulders and pulls the hood down over his unwashed tousled curls. John does neither cease nor concede defeat.
“Ok. Good. That's… good night, John.”
But the blue, cloudless sky brings not only summer's delights this year. The bright weather also guarantees a clear view, and thus enables the German Luftwaffe to fly more and more frequent attacks. The sirens blare day and night. John often has to work double shifts, as nearly all male doctors have been conscripted into the Army, Navy, or RAF. A few months ago, John would have envied them for being allowed to fight for King and country. Now, the idea of parting with Sherlock is unbearable.
“Where did you find this”? John asks, his tone a mix of bewilderment and horror.
As Sherlock feels his own body sag, he becomes aware of the wet spot he's lying in and turns on his side as well. His face is still on a level with John's now spent but still slightly thickened cock. It's impressive both in length and girth, surrounded by wiry curls a darker shade of blond than the rest of John's body hair and now decorated with dollops of drying semen. Sherlock can smell him and inhales deeply. Glorious.
That's when John eventually makes a noise; it's half a choke and half a laugh.
William rolls his eyes. “Oh god, please, I'm really not interested in the plebeian romantic outpourings of some poor sod residing here before our time.” He starts to turn to continue his search through his drawers.
John can hear himself grunt and huff as he fucks Sherlock's mouth, steadied by Sherlock's strong hands grabbing his arse, kneading his cheeks, digging his fingers in hard enough to bruise. The pain pulls John back from the edge; he dares to open his eyes again without fearing instant combustion; the need to see, to watch, to look down on Sherlock suddenly stronger than any precautionary measures to keep himself in check.
“Sure, mate.” John wants to retreat back to the safety of his armchair and hide behind the broadsheet, but stays frozen to the spot. Somehow, the atmosphere in the room has changed. It feels charged all of a sudden.
Sherlock squares his shoulders and tries to get his trembling body under control by contracting his abdominal muscles.
Sherlock turns towards John, blushing a little as he rolls his eyes. “You seemed to be genuinely enjoying yourself.”
“It's not your fault.” John hastens to assure him.
To counter the helpless feeling of dread creeping up on him, John takes a brave step inside the room. The sheets on the bed are still rumpled, there are clothes, papers and books lying everywhere and next to Sherlock stands one of the big cardboard boxes that hold their stuff from... before. There are two dozen of them, stowed away in his old room upstairs, abandoned for years, covered in dust.
John needs a moment after this before pulling out. Sherlock winces. John quickly rolls the condom off and ties it before dropping it on the floor. They gaze at each other, speechless and a little bit embarrassed. Sherlock is shackled to the headboard and sprawled all over the rumpled sheets while John kneels between his spread legs, a little unsure of how to proceed.
William smirks. “As you said, John is a very common name. I bet there are a few hundred doctors named John in the UK. No need to worry about transmigration of souls or whatever.”
“Whatever. I sincerely want to apologise for the liberties I've taken with you.”
“That's for me to worry about, don't you think?”
John just stares at him, wide eyed. He knows Sherlock can be an idiot sometimes but this surpasses even his usual level of stupidity by a million miles.
“Research?” Sherlock answers, but it sounds doubtful.
“Never mind, they are in Portuguese.”
John actually feels his blood surge towards his groin as he's getting hard. His cock is swelling visibly, the foreskin already retreating until his glistening slit peeks out almost cheekily.
Sherlock pretends to be dosing on the sofa.
When it's over and the tension leaves his body, Sherlock just slumps down on top of John. For such a wiry man he's surprisingly heavy when reduced to a boneless pile of human flesh. John's arms come up to close loosely around Sherlock's shoulders while Sherlock's head nuzzles against John's moist collar bone. John can feel Sherlock's body shake and shiver and just holds him, not too tight but just close enough to keep him grounded as he drifts through post-orgasmic haze.
Something feeling this good simply can't be bad, and if it's against the law then perhaps the law is wrong.
“Because I think I am entitled to! What I mean is I have to know what happened to you so I can... protect you.”
Sherlock is already leaking. John can use his precome as natural lubricant, smearing it over the slit, glans and down his hard shaft. He can feel Sherlock pulsing in his fist. God! This is not going to last very long.
“Sherlock, no!” John feels black, all-consuming anger well up inside him at this staunch remark, imagining how Sherlock must have felt back then - vulnerable, helpless, afraid, perturbed, alone;  it enrages John beyond anything. Reduced to a traumatised, self-loathing child Sherlock grew into a man who prefers to call himself a sociopath, unable to see what an amazing, brilliant and unique human being he'd become.
“I miscalculated.” He confesses, sounding confused. “You are much bigger than a fountain pen.”
Called out like that, John realises that the intention to confide in someone might have been at least part of his invitation to Greg. Lestrade's one of the few people John has met who knew Sherlock back then – at least that's what John assumes.
“He could have just sent it by post. Or, even better, paid the money directly into your account.”
What should he have written back, anyway? Come home and…
But that is easier said than done. The most mundane things remind him of all the time they've lost. Now even buying some plain yoghurt (Sherlock can't stand any fruity variant because of the bits in it while Mary had particularly loved those) is transformed into an act of redemption and reminds John how short life can be and how much he should cherish it.
John retreats to the safe kitchen doorway, watching Sherlock from afar with increasing concern.
John goes very still and is silent for a long time.
“That's usually my line.”
“Sorry, this seems to be a mistake. I'm really not after... that. Don't bother, I see myself out.” He turns, sure that by now his face must be the colour of beetroot.
“He was rather smitten.” John says and feels pity for the poor young boy who had the misfortune to fall head over heels for Sherlock Holmes.
John seems to take this as an invitation. He steps closer and now towers over Sherlock, standing between his spread thighs, and he's so close that Sherlock can spot the mark where John cut himself while shaving, just beneath his lower lip. Sherlock keeps his eyes fixed on the small wound while imagining John in front of their bathroom mirror, carefully dragging the sharp blade of his old fashioned razor over his cheeks, chin and throat, a small towel caught around his waist, his skin flushed pink and still slightly damp from the shower, nipples peaked in the cold air.
“But that was not what you wanted to ask.” Sherlock murmurs against John's lips, a little bit breathless while soapy dishwater runs down his cheeks.
----------
John has averted his eyes and is staring down at his plate after spotting a purple mark on the junction of Sherlock's shoulder and neck; it's none of his business, really, but it blatantly reminds John of what Sherlock has been up to last night. John can't face him, not like this – wet, half naked, clad only in clingy silk, displaying the evidence of another man's access to his body. So he shovels eggs into his mouth, rather surprised he can eat at all. But as he hasn't slept and Sherlock's story has disturbed him, he just needs sustenance to keep going.
“Oh. So you do observe.”
The man John truly hopes is Sherlock Holmes makes a dismissive gesture. “Yes, obviously. But what do you
You took the picture from Brighton. Those were the very best of times, weren't there? Now it seems a lifetime ago, yet it was only in June. I'm miserable. At least the French have an infinite supply of cigarettes. And as I have to blend in, I smoke like a chimney. You would hate it.
“That was amazing. We should celebrate this, Mr. Holmes. May I invite you over to dinner, my place, eight o'clock tonight? I'm sure you want to retrieve your reward.” He sounds business-like but John senses an inappropriate chummy undertone he doesn't like at all.
“Perhaps writing it down is a good idea? Perhaps we should stick to it?”
“I never asked you to.”
“You know, we don't have to... put this part in any of your orifices, if that's what's bothering you.” Not the greatest come hither line ever uttered in the history of human intercourse, but hey, John is operating on about just a third of the usual blood circulation, as most of it pools down south, so he's sure he deserves some leniency here.
Sherlock turns his face away.
“No.” Sherlock draws out the syllable to buy his time. “He got the idea that we were somehow... connected after this most undignified encounter. He started to follow me around, waited for me after class, tried to talk to me, visited my dorm, asked me out. To the cinema! Can you believe that? He was indescribably dull. I told him that I wasn't interested. He just smiled. Once he took my hand in his. I... almost hit him.”
It’s a nice voice. Neither too posh nor too vulgar. London accent. Man, early forties, professional, educated, military background…
“Have I died and this is heaven?” He asks, taking a sip from the excellent coffee, closing his eyes as he savours the taste.
Sherlock trembles visibly, unable to control the tell-tale signs his body is emanating. “It only happened this one time.”
I had to stop. Writing it down made it even more real and saved those atrocities I’m forced to partake in for posterity. I don't want to remember. Having to feign and pretend all the time, I fear I'm losing myself. My personality dissolves and is replaced by a repellent stranger. I'm so alone. God, look what a whining, sobbing mess I've become. How are you? I'm starting to forget how you looked, how you smelled, the sound of your voice. I long to hear an English voice, have a decent cup of tea... and you. In our bed. In London. That's all I want.
“May I turn the lights on?” John asks.
Sherlock
Sherlock steeples his long, elegant fingers in front of his mouth and closes his eyes. His face reflects the immense endurance he has to muster in a world of goldfish. “John, you might be aware that, at least in the 21st century, some legal contracts can be entered by members of the same sex.” Sherlock opens his eyes and turns to face John, arching an eyebrow sardonically.
. She not only patiently amends my grammar and punctuation but is also a vital source on such diverse topics as ligature marks, pharmacology and anatomy.
“What exactly did he tell you?” To John's astonishment Lestrade sounds somehow alarmed.
-----------
Sherlock is waiting, a look of intense concentration on his face. John knows that this is a crucial turning point in their… life. He experiences a kind of vertigo as he lets his fingers stroke Sherlock's high cheekbone tenderly before pushing his fingers into Sherlock's hair to pull him close again.
“Just a few minutes. The tube, you know...”
Told Witold that I need more proof. Can't get into contact with Irene, she seems to have left Berlin.
“No.”
What a fool I've been. We came under fire today. I won't bore you with details, but 32 men are dead, another 63 wounded. Me and the nurses are working non-stop. It's a slaughterhouse, I'm literally wading through blood.
James wrote again. He's stationed in Sandhurst now, training young officers. He sounds content.
“How about change the subject for a start?”
In addition, he's allowed and even encouraged to put other things up Sherlock's lovely bottom as well: not just his cock and fingers, but wooden spoons, candles, the wooden grip of a screwdriver. John finds those games both a little disturbing and very arousing. Sherlock even persuaded him to nick a speculum from the hospital. Both their ensuing orgasms after inserting the gleaming metal into Sherlock's anus to spread him slowly open had been so violent that they nearly passed out.
For example, Sherlock had caught himself standing in their kitchen, mug in hand, frozen half way between worktop and mouth, remembering the sounds John had made when pushing two fingers shallowly up his own rectum. Sherlock had imagined pushing his tongue up there, too, and his face had burned with shame as he'd felt his penis fill and stiffen. This was dirty, filthy and John would probably laugh or gasp in shock, repelled equally by Sherlock's ludicrous desires and his ineptness at executing them.
William nods, a lump in his throat. He quickly sorts through the rest of the letters. “It seems he moved on to Hamburg after that. Here, the last one:
“You sound like someone from a Catherine Cookson novel,” Sherlock teases but there's no malice in his voice.
“Did you try?” John has to know.
“Yeah,” John sighs. Sherlock smiles and curls his finger upwards, pushing in just a little deeper. John sees stars and his hips buck up on their own account.
“Shall I tell you one of my best-kept secrets? I simply love a raunchy bodice ripper. Mrs Hudson and I swap them.”
It could be dangerous. It could be blackmail, for all John knows. Many men walking the streets supplement their income like this. Spread their legs once, then cash in on it until their victims have bled dry. Or killed themselves. Yet somehow the name and address seem oddly familiar to John. It's like an echo of something from another time, a distant past, on the fringe of his perception just beyond his grasp. Instinctively, he trusts this message. And the man who wrote it. Because he'd also risked a lot. And yet it had seemed worth it to him.
His eyes are closed. His head lolls from side to side. John feels icy cold fear pooling in his stomach.
Sherlock still seems to contemplate the idea. Finally, he says: “I'm not sure if this will work.”
He dives forward, grabbing Sherlock by the lapels of his jacket and shoves him violently against the bookshelf next to the window.
Fucking sentiment!
Sherlock can't move.
Williams voice breaks. He needs a moment before he can continue. John touches his knee as if to ground him, to remind him that this was all such a long time ago. It’s not their world, their history. And yet, those abominations seem to come alive as William continues.
In the morning, the glass and the mug will be empty, and the shadows will be gone.
Thanks to everyone who read this story! I know it started rather bleak but I hope I ended on a somewhat hopeful note...
Yet it isn't meant to last.
In the ground-floor flat, Mrs Hudson turns on her radio. The boys have been busy upstairs all day, but now it's quiet.
He can't help it, his thoughts inevinatbly  wander to John. At first, he'd seemed surprisingly calm, until the medical examination had truly unsettled him. Being humiliated by a member of his own profession had seemed hard to cope with. Sherlock hopes John won't get carried away again by his anger. It's no use, Sherlock knows. Better just take it without allowing them to get to you.
There follows a mobile number.
“Ok. Get up. My room. Now. No, don't open your mouth. Just come with me.”
“Always, Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock shouts back and John has to hide a smile while feigning intense concentration on Sherlock's injuries.
“Depends.” Is the lazy answer he gets.
He can see a thousand hands held up in the sky and believes to hear more voices in his mind that hum "Don't be sad; it's just your time, go, make a ladder of your spine, let every rung be stepped and climbed, make hummingbirds from your insides and let your face turn into vines and let your teeth and bones rewind. But realize, now, that you were only walking light, so let it go back down and shine on everybody that you loved when you were alive."
Sherlock had shuddered at the thought. Just imagining John pushing his tongue into his mouth had made his skin prickle all over. Doing things like this with someone he'd have to face over the breakfast table every day felt unsettling in the extreme. Too much intimacy. No way to hide.
The only word Sherlock seems able to form is an endless litany of “John, John...” His trembling hands roam over John's body, who is still wearing his uniform, his jacket now decorated with stripes of come, his light-blue shirt stuck against his sweaty back, his trousers crumpled. As they kiss and kiss, it becomes evident that John doesn't care that he soils his clothes rubbing himself against Sherlock's trembling body. He'll wear those new stripes as a badge of honour.
“God, I want to fuck you so badly.” John groans against Sherlock's jaw before biting down, hard. Sherlock simply falls back onto the mattress, resting his long legs on John’s shoulders, palming his own leaking shaft enticingly.
he returns...” Sherlock mumbles. “Where is he carted off to, North Africa?”
'Why is that feeling mutual?' Sherlock thinks, but for once, he keeps his mouth shut, as it is occupied with something much better than talking right now.
When John hadn't come home in the evening, Sherlock feared the worst. After two hours of restless pacing, his patience had been wearing thin. His phone had stayed ominously silent. By about ten o’clock, he’d been sure he'd finally scared John off. John had eventually decided that engaging in homosexual activities wasn't his cup of tea at all. Or, more precisely, engaging in homosexual activities with Sherlock had disappointed John so severely that he had gone for the safe option and chatted up one of his colleagues, perhaps even revived his liaison with Sarah.
The room is filled with their groans. Neither seems to care if anyone hears them. John is kissing and touching every inch of Sherlock's naked skin he can reach, while Sherlock desperately clings to his biceps, his back, his neck, staring up at him, refusing to blink as not to miss a mere second of the sight of John Watson above him, inside him.
“I don't mind.” John says quickly. “I really don't. It was work. A mission. Did he... hurt you?”
“You can slap me if you want to.” Sherlock murmurs before darting his tongue out and lapping at John's glans and for a split second, John is so shocked that he has to grab Sherlock's shoulder so as not to keel over. He pulls away, one hand clinging to Sherlock's shoulder, the other one still around his jaw. Sherlock looks up at him, calm and composed, as if unaware of the flagrant lewdness of his offer.
“I had a hard enough time with my peers as it was and no one to confide in anyway, so I kept my mouth shut. I just decided to… ignore it all, to forget it. But... you know, we all slept in small dormitories. About eight pubescent boys squashed into one tiny room. You had no personal space, nowhere. Some boys had... magazines. Full of naked women doing inexplicable things. At night they leafed through them and... you know. I was never very much interested in the pictures but... the other boys... At the same time, I was petrified, disgusted with myself. I thought I might become like... Mr Rucastle. So I tried to suppress this... urge... as best as I could. But... in my final year... I met someone.”
“Get hold of the Brazilian ambassador.”
Eventually, the supplies arrived. Not just medicines, but also food and water. I can't believe how good a glass of fresh water can taste. Who needs champagne? Though I could do with a pint...
But over here my clothes stick to my skin, and there's sand everywhere. And I mean everywhere. I already have a severe chafing in a place where it is really annyoing.
John nods slowly.
“Well, it’s your family. Who knows what skeletons we might unearth here.” John says carefully. He knows that William’s relationship with his own parents and his brother is strained as well, to put it mildly.
"Uncle Greg said you save people..." He smiled, holding both of their shirts tightly.
"We didn't want to. John's a doctor, he understands wounds." Sherlock's tone was dark.
"If that's true then why'd you kiss me a few days ago?" He asked and he watched Victor stiffen a bit.
"Da too?" He asked moving closer to the couple, but not quite up on the couch again yet.
"I would hope so." Sherlock smiled, still nuzzling his nose against John. Using the motion to inhale and memorize the scent that made up his husband all over again. "It's too easy for you to hide your feelings. I know it's my fault." He sighed softly, he was utterly exhausted. "You always look so beautiful when you orgasm under me." He teased, pressing soft kisses over John's ear. John felt his cheeks warm and he knew his face was red for a completely different reason now. It was still amazing that Sherlock could make him blush like this, after all this time he still couldn't stop himself from reacting that way. He gave a sigh of content at the kisses, a smile on his lips.
John was digging through his closet, trying to find something decent to wear. He sat back on his haunches for a minute as he noticed a dark blue cardboard box tucked away in the corner. He pulled it close and he smirked widely. Inside the box was his old desert uniform hidden under a bunch of harshly colored old jumpers. A thought fluttered through his head and he became inspired to do something very naughty.
"We can go out and pick some rings as soon as this awful flu is gone." Sherlock promised. "O, if you want to be real rebels we can get our rings tattooed on." He suggested trying to do something to make John smile for a bit and forget about the pain. John smiled, but the pain didn't fade from his eyes.
"I don't want to be sedated." Sherlock said sounding a bit panicked. His nightmares were even worse when he was under sedation. "Please, I don't want that. I don't want this. I don't want to go through this." He hugged John as tightly as possible. "I want to stay sane." He said firmly. "Fuck, Victor. I wish I had never met the bastard." He hissed angrily.
should be telling
"But...Sir he looks desperate as it is." Sherlock chuckled as he stared to make love bites on Victor's shoulders.
"John, put on your pajamas..." He grunted forcing them at his still sleeping husband. He got up and found his own, pulling them on. He managed to manipulate a sleepy, disgruntled John into his own before he opened the door and scooped Hamish into his arms. "Little man, if you aren't coming in here to crawl in bed with us and go back to sleep I may get grumpy." He said softly as Hamish giggled and snuggled excitedly into his chest.
"Happy Christmas!" Alex greeted as he stepped into the flat.
"Sherlock," John moaned into his mouth. It was incredible the heat already surging through his body. "Please," he begged. He didn't even know what he was asking for at this point, he just knew he needed more than this. He tried to move his hands to touch Sherlock but once again they were pinned. "Fuck, Master, please." He whispered, not wanting to be too loud. Sherlock chuckled darkly, enjoying this probably more than he should. He leaned down.
"Why on Earth would I be angry?" John asked purely confused. "I am sorry you were ever at such a low point in your life. I'm sorry you feel dirty, but I couldn't be angry. You are an adult Sherlock, you can make decisions on your own. Good or bad. Really thank you for telling me." Sherlock always thought the proper reaction would be anger. Mycroft had been angry, so had Lestrade. But somehow, John wasn't. There again was this confusing man and his completely illogical reactions to everything that threw Sherlock deep into the sea of emotion that he struggled to avoid. A few tears fell down his cheeks as his eyes slowly met John's and he realized that even now, with the absolute worst of himself laid bare between them John was like an immovable force, remaining steady in the ocean during the storm. He pressed John against himself, his mouth finding John's ear and his breath gently rushing over it. He pressed John more tightly to his own chest and sighed softly.
"Well," Mycroft sighed softly, finally looking away from Greg. He tried to get his body under control, the mental image of Greg bound and eager for him rocketing through his brain. "We certainly can't find out if I don't know what you're thinking... I mean..." He licked his bottom lip nervously. "I have never explored enough to know." He confessed it rather quickly, almost all as one very soft word. Greg's lips turned up into a smirk, Mycroft
"You shouldn't be moving furniture with that arm, Sherlock." He scolded him.
"Oh, that sounds wonderful. If Greg and Mycroft think two boys is too much of a handful Hamish is more than welcome to come stay with Victor and I." Alex promised with a smile. "We'd love to have him there, it's been so long since Victor got to be around him and I think the little one is a blast to be around. He's so smart and creative- what is taking John and Victor so long?" He asked suddenly, his jealousy rearing its head again.
." He wanted to touch Sherlock but hadn't been given permission so he clenched his hands. "Please, Master, I have..." He groaned. "I have tried to serve you as you wish... Please... Reward or punish me I don't care just please, please keep touching your pet!" He pleaded, whimpering just a bit. Sherlock growled with lust - he couldn't believe he had such an effect on John. His soldier who could stare down the barrel of a gun without flinching was pleading for Sherlock to give him more, to keep touching him. John was moaning and trembling and it made Sherlock drunk with the sheer desire of it all.
"It's fine," Sherlock assured him as he ran a hand through his hair, trying to soothe him. "You haven't been sleeping long maybe a half hour at the most." Sherlock answered. Greg tapped on the top of the fort to get John's attention and spoke.
"Hamish, do not shout!" Sherlock said softly but sternly, grabbing his hands to still them. Hamish looked down.
"Nice try love, but I don't think the Holmes men will do anything to me." He leaned over and kissed Victor once more, pulling away when Mycroft entered the room.  "Oh um... Sherlock and John are in the kitchen."  Alex said, a blush on his cheeks and it was obvious he was embarrassed because Victor still had him pinned.  Alex chuckled.
"Not adorable." Sherlock argued and went to grab the phones. He gave a sigh of annoyance once he saw a text from Victor. He was glad he had helped him, but right now was really not the time.
weren't in bed with me I'd swear I was twenty two and back in University." He wrapped a sheet around himself and tossed John his robe before opened the door. "Sherlock Holmes isn't in. Please leave a message with Mrs. Hudson at the front desk." He ordered before moving to close the door again but of course Mycroft wouldn't actually let him close the door. "It's early!" He shouted, not caring that it actually wasn't. Mycroft looked down woefully at his now scuffed shoe, where it held the door open.
"So precious." Sherlock smirked and ran his hands through John's hair. "Alright, we'll talk about it. But we're going to have to really see how having a set schedule works. Having two young children with me running off on cases will be the death of you. The things I let you convince me to do..." He smirked but he liked the idea some himself. "So what else am I going to be agreeing to this evening?"
"I have always trusted you, completely. Mycroft teased me about it when I first met him. I don't know why but you are the only person I have ever trusted like this. With all of me." He spoke softly, finally beginning to shower as the cold was actually starting to get to his shoulder. "Even the guys I was with in Afghanistan... I trusted them but not like this. It's a mystery I have never been able to solve and likely never will; but you saved me from the darkest moment in my life and I will help you with yours." He doled out some of his own shampoo and ran it into his hair, washing it softly. Sherlock smiled brightly at John, just the fact that he had his trust was the most amazing thing in the world. It was most likely the thing that would keep him from using again.
"Papa will give you basically the same answer I just gave you." Greg insisted but he laughed when Marius started to climb on top of his back.
"Well once we get him on his feet he might be better able to understand. We are going to have to be careful Sherlock, he might be trying to trick you. Promise me that you will stay focused on making sure you are getting clean. If we have to kick him out we will. You are the priority here." John sighed and ran his hand over his forehead, still very warm. "It's hot in here." Trick him? No, Victor wouldn't do that. Although, he had agreed very easily.
Greg took off as fast as he could and cursed the day he'd stopped working out because he wasn't as fast as he used to be. He heard a shot fired and ducked out of the way, rolling behind some bins before firing a shot back. The man ducked around the house and before Greg could catch him burst back into the flat to find Sherlock trying to calm Marius. Just as the woman walked back into the room and sighed with relief that Marius was safe the assailant burst into the kitchen and fired a shot, hitting her in the chest. Sherlock shouted and set the boy down before rushing over to try to staunch the bleeding but shouted in surprise when a shot rang out and the assailant screamed, a bullet hole gaping in his leg.
"C-Can you help me get in the shower? I feel really cold again." He said, sounding disappointed that now that all that pleasure was gone that he started to feel the sensations of detoxing again. "I think I'm detoxing again," he whispered sadly.
"I can understand now why you would have turned to the drugs." John whispered softly, his voice humming against Sherlock's ear as he gently rubbed small circles over his shoulders. "That's why you forced people away too, isn't it? Because you couldn't stop seeing things about them and it eventually led you to find the bad things, the things you became unable to tolerate, the withering glances as you deducted something new about them. That's why you were so surprised by me thinking you were brilliant and extraordinary... Isn't it?" Sherlock simply nodded really wanting to give voice to the admission of how surprised he had been. He brought a hand to John's chest and began stroking it gently.
"I can tell something is bothering you." John replied softly, his tone gentle but clear that he wasn't about to drop it. "You look positively terrified. Did something happen? Have the symptoms changed?" He knelt down checking Sherlock's pulse again. Definitely elevated... "Whatever it is we can handle it." Sherlock shook his head again. He'd tell John if he thought knowing the truth wasn't dangerous but he didn't want John anywhere near Victor. The man wasn't exactly rational and he carried a gun with him at all times. If John upset him with his temper... There would be no telling what would happen.
"Now, grab that lube and you lead the way to the bedroom." He said with a grin as he picked John up into his arms without warning.
Hamish hummed happily playing with the ends of Sherlock's scarf as he watched his fathers interact. John handed the phone back over to Sherlock with a proud smirk on his face before it softened as he watched Hamish.
"And you think that I don't know that?!" John raged, his body tightening. John was almost trembling, Mycroft could see it. John had never seemed so shaken before. He sighed, wondering what the soldier and the detective had done to each other. Greg however broke his gaze away from John, it was almost painful to watch that much emotion be displayed in such a normally calm man. He looked over the photos, surveying each one in silence for awhile before speaking up.
"If you're about to tell me that I need to take better care of my partner, fine. I see your point he hasn't been eating or sleeping as much as he should be. But as soon as you two leave, we plan to fix that." Sherlock sighed.
"Yes, of course." Sherlock said quickly and he nodded. He would try. He could give John his word. He would try to be honest if he started to feel worse. But if John got any worse it was going to be hard to pay attention to his own needs at all. He looked at his phone when it gave another buzz, he knew who it was from. Victor. He sighed and looked at John. "Do you think I did the right thing? Giving him money. Did I make the right decision?"
"I'm okay." John forced out, nodding slowly. His eyes had closed again, simply because he felt exhausted. He couldn't fall asleep though. Not now. He was supposed to watch Hamish and Mycroft decorate the tree. Instead of lying down, he forced himself to sit up and he carefully placed Hamish in his lap. "I'm okay." He repeated, his eyes already closed again. Hamish smiled.
"Of course," Greg said with a smirk, not afraid to admit it at all. "Darling, you go away on business trips so often. Of course my mind wanders while you're away." He adored the blush that spread over his cheeks and he moved his hand to one of them, stroking it with his thumb. "I think of a whole lot of dirty little things when you're not around to touch me." He purred as he leaned up to kiss him.
John rolled his eyes and as soon as the soup was ready he carried it into Sherlock on a tray.
Sherlock was poring over the file trying to devour each and every detail as quickly as possible, but his mind was not his own. It was torn between new and old, between man and machine. He let out a soft growl in frustration. At this rate everything would be ruined. Meanwhile Mycroft was almost exploding with annoyance between his brooding and irrational brother and his rather increasingly unstable husband.
"What if that's what you want?" Sherlock dared to asked, his own breathing rather ragged. He moved a little closer and the confession from John rushed through him. Suddenly he felt a bit bolder, so he moved as he straddled John's lap. "Is that what you want, John?" He asked and for once in his life he wasn't thinking about a single thing he was doing. Thinking had gone out the window with John's admission. "Do you want me to be Colonel Holmes to you?" He grinned, completely getting carried away. John was a trembling mess underneath him and it just encouraged him. "You will answer me when I'm speaking to you, Captain." He said in a low voice, growling and grabbing John by the hair pulling his head back so he could nip on his neck.
"Is everything okay?" He asked furrowing his brow, Sherlock looked put off by something.
"Because your Daddy is taking care of us, just like he always does 'Mish. Are you done eating?"
." John groaned, the feel of Victor's mouth on his momentarily short circuited his brain. He pulled Victor down into a heated kiss, letting his tongue slip into Victor's mouth. He waited until Victor melted into the kiss and he positioned his foot and flipped them. His face dark.
"I do like this. You two getting along." He said softly, smiling. "Is it a permanent thing or should I expect things to go back to normal on New Years?"
Mycroft Holmes sat stone faced behind his desk in the office where he was to meet Gregory Lestrade and John Watson. He sat with his fingers steepled in front of his chin, looking disapprovingly down at the folder sitting on the desk in front of him. He seemed more angular than usual, concern evident in his eyes, as he waited in perfect stillness for the other two men to arrive. The situation was grave, Sherlock was likely endangering himself for some trivial reason, like he had done before. Mycroft could still here the echo of his brother's voice claiming that the drugs were the only thing that gave him peace. He knew the two men, both the closest confidants of his brother's, were trustworthy. He knew they would get to the bottom of this issue, but he worried what the situation meant. Why had Sherlock relapsed when he had cases to attend to and John to keep him entertained? If the pictures he'd acquired were true... Well, Sherlock would have quite a bit to answer for.He heard a door click open down the hall and the following echo of a footfall that meant John had arrived and was on his way to the office. The shorter man strode into the room like a man on a mission, ignoring how Mycroft's gaze fixated on him and began to pick him apart. He was used to that sort of thing, living in a flat with the famous Sherlock Holmes prepared one to bear that look every day. He sighed as he surveyed the distinct features of the way John was carrying himself. John's face was tight with emotion; he knew that Mycroft calling him meant something was wrong. That coupled with the face Sherlock had been acting strange for several weeks now and no one seemed to know why was enough to almost instill panic in his chest. Sherlock for his part kept telling him he was fine. That he was just going out for fresh air or the check on something for a case. But he never told John where he was going and each time John prompted the detective for more information or offered to accompany him, he was turned away. It made John afraid, the last time Sherlock had acted this way he'd ended up living without him for three years. He didn't want to think about what Sherlock might be doing during all those hours away from Baker Street. His behavior had become more erratic and just this morning they'd had a fierce row simply over a coffee cup.
"I'm right here." John whispered and sat up slightly. He rubbed his hand over Sherlock's arm, trying to soothe him. "Right here, love," He didn't want to crowd him but he felt like contact was the only way to cut through this fear. John let himself feel the emotion of Sherlock's fear without letting it overwhelm him like before, he stayed strong and focused. "Talk to me Sherlock, what is it? What did he say?" John was rigid but in a way that was protective of Sherlock, he was ready to jump up and into action if necessary. His nerves were gone and he was back to the protective soldier - the one who shot a cabbie, the one who followed Sherlock into every danger they had encountered and come out just fine from it. "What do you need me to do?" Sherlock felt his heart pounding almost painfully hard in his chest. Why was this happening to him? Why couldn't Victor just leave him alone? He didn't use to be this way. With shaking hands he picked up the phone again, much to John’s displeasure.
"Because it was time for him to go." John explained. "He lived with a us before you even came along, darling. Since he moved in his goal was to leave one day and take care of himself. He did that. He's happy with Alex now and that's a good thing." He ran his hand through Hamish's hair, rubbing his scalp a bit because it always calmed him down. "You'll be staying with your Uncles and Marius and maybe even Uncle Vic and Uncle Alex for a few days." He added with a smile. "Won't that be fun? And in the summer, we'll all go somewhere together as a family."
"You're the one who's not behaving, John." He scolded playfully and gave a slap to John's ass while he grinned up at his lover.
"Well, if I do happen to say no, John and I will take a trip somewhere." He replied simply, wondering what was taking John so long to return.
Outside Baker Street the Victor and John had walked down to Victor's car. He'd had to park a bit of a way down the block so it took them a minute or so to reach the vehicle, which John didn't mind one bit.
"They… They make everything quiet." He whispered. "It all goes away. I don't think. It simply just fades away. I can't deduce things when I'm high and I know that sounds like a bad thing but it's not. It's wonderful because my mind makes deductions
going to get it. Mycroft smirked, watching him.
"John! John, look!" He said happily tossing him the phone. "Oh God, this is wonderful. He could be saved! There's some hope. We can help him, he may get clean, everything may turn out the way it should be." He crawled on top of John again to kiss him on the lips. "Thank you," he said again. "Thank you for letting him stay here. I love you so much."
"I uh... I didn't... Uhm..." He was smiling like an idiot but completely lost for words. He laughed at himself which caused another coughing fit. "I didn't think you'd..."
"You fucking liar." He turned back and rounded on Sherlock, who tensed. "You are. Don't even try to lie to me. You're scared. Hell, I would be too. Withdrawals were always hard for you. You start having those hallucinations." Sherlock didn't say a word he just opened the door more. "Go."Victor laughed as he stepped outside but he leaned close to Sherlock in the doorway his lips almost touching Sherlock's.
without any clothes on." John grinned as he hailed a cab. Sherlock groaned as John's tone quickly became deep and husky, his desire crowding everything out of his mind. "You did very well love, you will only have to endure one small punishment. But don't worry you are deserving of a very large reward." John grinned and he licked his lips, as the pair got into the cab. "Poor Greg, didn't know which way was up." Sherlock grinned at the idea of getting his reward, but gave a bit of a pout for getting punished. He thought he had behaved... Well that wasn't true not the entire time but he did most of the evening.
"Yeah, Vic said he's been having a tough time." Alex said with a sigh, but he was a bit happy to know that Sherlock could see that Victor really did love him. "He texted night before last about being lonely and wanting you not to worry about it." Alex said easily because he figured John had told his husband about it. "Has that gotten any better? I know he's not used to being on his own, he was so used to having Vic around."
"Oh God, he's a tiny you." Greg said with a chuckle as he cuddled up next to his husband. His eyes fell on the tree and he grinned. "You bought everything for the tree, I told you to be good. I didn't think you'd be this good." He kissed his cheek, still adoring the way he flushed.
"Can you make it bedder?" He asked hopefully, a bit of a blush on his cheeks.
"I'm fine," Greg assured Mycroft but it was obvious he was nervous. He couldn't read Mycroft's face. Hell, he usually couldn't but right now that fact made him all the more nervous. "His mother's dying wish was that I take care of him." He explained a bit sheepishly. Greg took a deep breath before he continued. "He probably doesn't have anyone else... And I really don't want to let him go... He watched his mother die, Mycroft."
"That's what feeling does." He whispered and looked up, pressing his mouth back to Sherlock's again. Taking the chance that Sherlock actually liked it. "Don't thank me, just enjoy it." He smiled softly. "Gods you can be an incredible idiot, but I love you so much it kills me.” John whispered softly.  When their lips met again Sherlock went blank. Sherlock closed his eyes and simply enjoyed the feeling of not thinking about anything, Well of thinking about one thing. Just John. And it wasn't like when he normally thought about John. It was just about what John was doing to him. How John made him feel. When he pulled away Sherlock blinked a few times, unsure why they kept separating. He blushed at the sentiment but there was soft smile on his face. “How are you feeling?" John whispered softly.
"I didn't want to drop it on the way in." Sherlock said softly and set it down on the desk. He walked over and moved the chairs from the dining table into the living room. "Hamish why don't you pick out a movie?"
"God I can't wait to be strung up between you two." He panted attacking Victor's neck before slowly, gently adding a second finger. Wanting to be sure Victor was ready for him.
"Hee Papa, there is flour in your hair." Hamish giggled, clasping Marius' hand in his own.
"You're wounding me, Love. But I'll be fine. I've been fine for years without you. I'm fine now." He took the bag from Sherlock and began heading for the door. "But are you sure about this, Sherly? Because once I leave, I'm not dealing with you again. You're brother is already on my ass, I don't really think you're worth the risk anymore. Honestly, though aren't you worried about the withdrawals?" Sherlock froze, his heart starting to pound his chest. Victor's smirk hitched higher as Sherlock's face betrayed him.
He put his face in his hands. Sherlock felt panic seem into his veins.
"Hamish, when the tree gets here I want you to show your Uncle the blue box in your closet. Wake your Daddy gently and see if he wants to help." Hamish giggled and nodded.
"If you were feeling fine you wouldn't have done this." John's throat was tight, his words catching as he tried to force them out. "I'm going to give you something to take the edge off the drug and prepare you for the withdrawals. I'll have to go to the clinic tomorrow to get more as you'll need it while you detox.” He took a shaking breath but the firmness returned to his words. “This stops
There are only two more chapters to edit and get posted, prepare for lots of cuteness!
"Hamish!" Victor said flushing bright red. "You are so much like your Papa..."
"Eat!" Hamish exclaimed, looking grumpy.
"I was feeling wonderful until you came along and ruined my buzz," He whined. Now he had a god awful headache, his heart was pounding, and he felt like he was going to be sick. He clutched his stomach as he shut his eyes tighter. "I'm fine." He insisted, his back still to John. He heard John's sigh, that same sigh that always said: 'Why do you even bother to lie to me, I know better.' The one that made something in Sherlock's chest tighten and flutter. The one that crept into his bones and reminded him that no one else was as intune with him as John was.
"And you're both going to irritate your doctor and each other." John sighed softly. He didn't know what to do. He sighed seeing the clothes on the table and grabbed them to take them up to Victor. Victor seemed to be at ease with John, at least enough to be going on with so he thought he'd make a go of it. He kissed Sherlock briefly, "I love you, please stay here a minute okay?" He asked softly  waiting for Sherlock to nod before he went up the stairs. Sherlock really didn't have much choice, he didn't have the strength to move, so he just nodded and curled up in the chair, letting his eyes close as he tried to make his mind stop buzzing with thoughts. John knocked on the bedroom door. "Victor, I know this isn't easy but we're just trying to help. We're not treating you like a child, I'm trying to give you as much respect as possible but I still have to be medical about this." He sighed, "And putting on your dirty clothes will not help you feel human again."
"Not right away, I promise." He whispered to Mycroft before he leaned down to kissed Marius's cheek. "You're going to have your own room at our house, it won't be far away from ours. Would color would you like the room to be?" He asked with a bright smile and the look on Mycroft's face said, 'We just had that room painted,' but Greg didn't care.
"I'm sure I'll be fine, but even if I'm not, detoxing is like having the flu from hell, so having the actual flu would be easy for me." He assured his lover not being able to stop himself from leaning into this touch. "Tell me, how many fingers am I holding up?" He asked as he held up four fingers, he was still considering that because of all the laughing John had been doing, his brain was not functioning properly.
"They rather looked like Victor does right now, wouldn't you say Mycroft?" Sherlock added, his eyes flashing a teasing grin as his former lover.
"But..." Sherlock tried to figured out how to argue because he honestly felt like this was his fault. "I want you to know how wonderful you are. That's all." He kissed John as hard as he could, gently pushing him into the wall and letting his passion take him over. He had to know. Sherlock felt like he was doing something wrong if he didn't let John know how fantastic he was. "I'll spend the rest of my life trying to change your mind, John Watson." He murmured between kisses. "I'll remind you how amazing you are everyday until it sticks in your head." He started to kiss down John's neck. "And even after that I'll remind you so you never forget." John groaned softly, digging his nails into Sherlock's shoulders as he worked.
"Oh- Oh fuck the not moving rule." He panted, now desperate to go over the edge because he was so close. "Just fuck me." He ordered, growling with need as took his own cock in hand and started stoke it. "Just fuck me; I'm close, just fuck me hard, Please!" He begged.
"What exactly do you win?" He asked his eyes shifting between John and Sherlock. His surprise only expanding as Sherlock finally had his turn to blush, he became suddenly flustered and focused around for something to talk about.
Sherlock found his coat noting that it wasn't too badly damaged and rummaged in his closet until he found the longer coat John owned but didn't often wear. Sherlock was convinced John would accept it now as his previous jacket had been destroyed the night before. It was also far too cold to go out without it. He retreated to the living room, slipping his phone in his pocket before fishing Hamish's jacket out of the fort. Meanwhile upstairs John was playing twenty questions with his inquisitive son as he tried to force the curly haired boy into his clothes. It took almost the entire length of Sherlock's shower but he finally got the boy to consent to wearing a long sleeved blue button down shirt and a pair of crisp black trousers. Basically he looked like a tiny Sherlock. Sherlock had just finished finding all three sets of gloves and the accompanying scarves when he heard Hamish bound into the hallway upstairs.
"You're late." John's voice said darkly from the kitchen. "Close the door." He commanded. Sherlock swallowed hard. Was he angry? He couldn't tell. He shut the door and locked it, moving towards the kitchen and he groaned.
to see it. The noises he was making were purely guttural and lustful and he made no attempt to silence them. "I'm so hot..." He whimpered, moaning and fighting his desire to push back into Sherlock. "Please Master, may I move?" He begged, his toes curling into the bed. He needed to touch him more, to kiss him. Sherlock would have just kept thrusting into John if he hadn't heard that whimper. He really didn't want to stop, not even for a second but he panted,
"I did take him to dinner, that night. I know exactly what he's talking about. We only went there a few times, but we did go." Sherlock scoffed.
"Well that's true. They're very good though." Sherlock scooped a bit of syrup with his index finger and gently dipped the finger in his mouth, sucking the syrup off with a hum and a wet popping sound. His eyes flicking up to John's as he did it, a smirk toying at the corners of his mouth.
"Yes, because you damage them. That's why people blow on their soup or their coffee before they drink it. So they don't hurt their tongue."
"He's doing it out of some sort of love or brotherly devotion. I know that but he can never properly understand when I need him and when I need to be away from him."
"You believe so?" He asked, his mask slipping just slightly.
Sherlock/Greg - CayCullen
"It's none of my business?" John growled, leaning down so his face close to Sherlock's. His arms pinning the detective on the couch. "Are you really going to say that to me? This is OUR house. You are my friend! I care about you! I've given up everything over and over again to support you and this is how you fucking thank me?! I waited for you!" His breath was short and shallow, threatening to overwhelm him with the oncoming panic attack but he ignored it. He grabbed Sherlock by the shirt again. "I'm not pushing you around because you can't defend yourself, I'm stopping you from hurting yourself more! If you leave this flat you lose EVERYTHING AND THAT INCLUDES ME!" He screamed his words at him, pure emotion spilling free but he didn't care. Sherlock needed to see, he needed to understand. His hands tightening on his grip on Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock looked away from John, away from that sentiment in his eyes. Because by looking at him, even high, it was clear to see how much he cared. Though John caring had never been the concern. That was not why he went back to the drugs. But he refused to talk about this, especially now and especially with John. He had his reasons for using and he wasn't about to tell John what they were. He couldn't tell John. If he told him the truth it would ruin things more than it already had. He shook his head and tried to push John away again. If John would just leave it would be easier.
"Thank you. For everything... Now let's try to sleep. He'll be here in a few hours."
"Why are you even awake, sweetie?" He asked and Marius opened his eyes.
"Oh fuck..." John hissed and his gaze was completely glued to Sherlock and his actions. There was some burn but there was mostly intense overwhelming sensation as Sherlock just let go. "Yes, Sherlock. God, yes!" He grunted. "I did ask for it, I asked for what you're giving me Master. I need it..." He groaned. "Please..." Sherlock let out a moan as his length sunk deeper into John. He gasped, and wrapped his arms around John from behind clinging to him as he held him in place. He stayed where he was trying to let John get used to the stretch before he started to move inside him.
"Yes, Papa."
"He's supposed to be cooking himself lunch." Sherlock mumbled as he stood and stepped in the kitchen. He found John on the ground tool box beside him, trying to fix the leg of the table. "That could have waited until later, John." He teased crouching down to look at the leg of the table. "But your right, it is fixable." He was surprised when John barely made a grunting noise at him. He sighed and furrowed his brow. "I'll make you some toast be sure to eat when it pops up." He ordered before walking over to the toaster and putting two pieces of bread in. John had been somewhat confused when Sherlock came in and then sighed setting the tools down. Right, eating was important. He put the kettle on and stood there staring at it as he did. His mind racing over the last few days in quick succession. Sherlock had agreed to give Victor some money, would that mean he would come back asking for more? Was Sherlock actually in danger from him? Would that man really try to make Sherlock relapse just to keep a client or was there something deeper at work here? Sherlock walked back into living room to sit next to his brother with a sigh, "He's just trying to fix the table we broke." Greg looked at him curiously and hesitated before asking.
"Papa is still in bed?!" Hamish asked in awe, giggling as John hugged him.
"How long have you known, Sherlock?" John asked Sherlock quietly, but with a hint of annoyance. "Don't say you didn't. You have that smirk you get when something has been utterly confirmed for you. So out with it. How long have you been enjoying our guilt?" He was still red but wrapped around Sherlock so his hands enveloped both of the other men. He met Victor's eyes briefly and knew that the allowed kiss was going to be one hell of one. He also had a sudden suspicion that Sherlock intended to witness the kiss. He smiled broadly, letting Victor choose when and where he wanted it.
"What's wrong here is that you have basically given him permission to ask for more money every time he runs out. He's going to ask you every week and you'll say yes and then one day you'll get tired of it so you won't and he'll snap. He'll come here and find you and John." Sherlock scoffed.
"You don't get to touch him," He snapped and Victor quickly grabbed him by the hair again.
Sherlock would be purring if he was a cat, knowing that today was going to be a very long tormenting day for his husband, but only in the very best ways. John let out a very noticeable breath once Sherlock's foot was gone. He was relieved it was over, giving him a chance to allow his body to recover and the blood to return to his brain. Under normal circumstances Sherlock's teasing would not have bothered him, but he always worried about doing things like this around Hamish. He did not want to accidentally scar their child for life. He pulled his food back over eating a bit more, now that he believed it safe to do so. He finished his coffee and helped Hamish finish his pancakes.  Stealing a bite before he remembered Hamish's cocoa.
"God forbid? You've honestly been having that bad of a time?" Greg asked with a chuckle. Sherlock gave a heavy sigh before answering.
"He is not boring!" Sherlock shouted, just like he had at dinner with his brother. He yanked his hands away from Victor, almost falling backwards. "He's brilliant and wonderful and you have no right to call him that considering when we met you were just a student studying business!"
, that I didn't notice that you were forgetting to take care of yourself. I won't let this happen again."
"It's alright, I figured you would either come home or text when you noticed." John didn't move to hug Sherlock because they still hadn't completely determined the 'case' rules of their relationship. But he tried to make it clear he was interested in contact if Sherlock was open to it. "Victor has good news." He said loudly.
"My brother pretends he's not nosy but it's obvious that he is. This little double date is basically a chance for him to sum us up as couple. Rather to see if he approves of you as my partner. He also wants to see if you've been taking proper care of me. Since we keep kicking him out of the flat he can't do it his way, so he's trying to find another one. He's just being his normal boring and annoying controlling self."
"Sherlock Holmes if you do not eat your breakfast I shall be forced to make you eat." Mycroft said quietly, just the hint of a smirk in his voice. Sherlock simply glared at him, raising his own eyebrow as he did. John and Greg looked ready to intervene but were caught off guard by a sudden flurry of movement which ended with Mycroft deftly tilting Sherlock's chair so far back his feet couldn't reach the floor and shoving a forkful of pancake into his surprised mouth. Mycroft smirked as Sherlock coughed and sputtered. "You may be older and taller, however brother mine, I shall always be faster." He grinned triumpantly as Sherlock swallowed and he righted his chair, however as Sherlock was settling down he swiped his finger full of the pastry cream and smeared it straight across Mycroft's cheek and nose. There was a tense moment where no one in the room dared to breathe.
"Goddamn stubborn bastard." He cursed himself even as he spat the words about Victor.
"I said no, Mycroft!" Sherlock shouted but his face softened and the two brothers lapsed into a fit of laughter that both relieved and alarmed the others in the room.
"There you go, John." He said sitting the tray down on the table. "I would have made Sherlock something too but I doubt he wants to eat." Sherlock groaned.
"Yes please."
"Oh, did they leave?" She asked quietly.
"Or doctor," John added as he wrapped his arms around Hamish nuzzled him playfully. "Or scientist, or musician, anything. You'll be spectacular with whatever you want to do." He kissed his cheek and smiled proudly up at Sherlock. They had the best son in the world. "We love you, Mish." He whispered to him as he giggled.
"I...I don't know if I'm comfortable even being around him anymore, John. Even if you're there. I'm worried he'd figure out some sort of way to manipulate me and he carries a gun so I don't want you near him at all." He hugged John tighter, taking a deep breath. "Thank you for offering to that for me. Maybe we can try that but, I honestly don't know if I'll ever be able to be around him."
Sherlock smiled some and lifted his phone to show John what had just happened but John was now curled up, laying down with his back to him. He was also trembling slightly.
"He comes 'morrow." Hamish yawned, nuzzling his nose into Marius hair. "We'll makeded cookies for him in da mornin'."
Victor steals Sherlock's attention while the pair are coming down from the high of their game which exposes John's insecurities - which Sherlock tried to banish by explaining to John just how important he is.
"I think Greg would thoroughly enjoy watching me own you on a crime scene." John said softly, with intention as he stretched. "It's hard for us to stop isn't it? I mean all this time of repressed emotion and sexual tension. But I probably should eat lunch and we should probably try to get some sort of nourishment into you, whether you want it or not." Sherlock blushed at the idea and then he shook his head.
"It's all okay." John whispered softly, moving to wash off Sherlock's body when he finished with his hair. "Just feel the warmth of the water and focus on me." Sherlock nodded, he could that that. That was easy. Focusing on John was almost like an instinct. It came naturally almost like breathing or blinking. He looked up and gazed at John. Just watching him, watching how his hands moved so easily across his body. How his hair even though it wasn't that long when dry, got in his eyes when wet. Sherlock brought a hand to John's hair and pushed it out of his eyes with a soft smile on his face. It was easier to ignore the pain was in if he focused on John. Though it made a bit of fear flutter through him as he slowly began to understand just how much John
"Sherlock," John protested as he followed. "I'm alright, it was just a panic attack. Really." He didn't like all this fuss over him, he was fine. It was nothing a little rest wouldn't fix. "We have other problems to worry about. I'll be fine." He looked a bit upset. "It's not your fault, I'm fine! I take care of myself as much as I need to." Sherlock looked at John with a bit of a frown. He stepped closer and ran a hand through his hair.
"Old habits die hard... Don't start deducing my behavior, Sherlock. You're the one sending me mixed signals. Letting me move in here rent free. Paying me to stay clean. Wanting to help me get clean. Letting your boyfriend fret all over me. Not exactly the behavior of someone who just wants to be your
“Alright, I promise." John had said quickly but he doubted he could do such a thing. He wasn't used to
"Oh no... I have all the time in the world." Sherlock smiled and continued spanking him, he alternated between his thighs and his ass. He delivered a flurry at a time before pausing. Each pause was a different length. He smiled. "Look how hard you are. You're dripping on the bed, John." Another flurry. "Come on..." John was fighting every urge in body now. His head was resting on a pillow and he moaned into every now and then. He had his eyes shut tight and he was gripping the pillow tightly, fighting the urge to just reach down and stroke his cock.
"Oh for fuck's sake, Sherlock..." He grunted, his nails digging into Sherlock's arms as he felt Sherlock tremble. John took over most of the movement, pushing down into Sherlock as he panted and growled and just generally melted into a hot primal mess. "Fill me, Sherlock! Mark me! Claim me!" He shouted as half a plea, half a command and his body clenched hard as he reached the peak of sensation and released. His hot seed landing on both of their chests as he kept moving, desperate to bring Sherlock his first release like this. Sherlock had never felt anything like this before. He was shaking as he tried his best to thrust back into John.
"I'm sure." Victor mumbled. He really wasn't sure but he figured if he wanted to get clean cutting ties with everyone who had some sort of relationship with drugs was the best thing to do. Plus he wanted John to understand he was committed to this now. That he was accepting not just Sherlock's rules and money, but John's concern and help. "Just do it, Johnny boy." He said as he stood to get the kettle that was now boiling. Sherlock sat up on the couch not being able to stop himself from deduce every movement Victor made and seeing how much pain he was in. But there was something else there he couldn't deduce, something he couldn't understand. There was a softness, a new vulnerability in Victor that correlated to John - but Victor's movements were still sharp and defensive.
"Love, it's okay. This is scary for both of us." He whispered, still exactly where he had been. He didn't move. "I told you I trust you. I won't lie that I am very worried and scared but I trust and love you. But you have to let me give you the next dose or the withdrawals are going to be hell. I have seen them use this med before to help people coming off the drugs, that's why I gave it to you. I can promise I'm not going anywhere." He held up his phone smirking, turning it so Sherlock could read the text. Sherlock's eyes flicked over the message quickly but didn't seem to really take it in.
"I have a better idea, I can make you something back at the flat. How does cheese cake sound?" Sherlock asked suddenly with a warm smile. He started to rub John's leg gently. If he had been considering everything the way he normally did instead of being overly concerned with the desert uniform in John's closet he might have realized that though his attempt was a good one he'd forgotten on important fact.
"It's okay. I miss mine too." Hamish said quietly, taking Marius' hand in his own. "But... Maybe dey will make it... Nicer?" He offered softly. "Are you hungwy or thiwsty?" Mycroft read the texts over Greg's shoulder and his mouth fixed into a wry smile.
"Wouldn't you want a baby girl?" Sherlock suddenly heard John ask, his husband already had that same dreamy look he had in his eyes when he saw Hamish.
"Greg..." He said quietly, his face a mixture of confusion and carefully contained emotion. "His family might come forward." He could see the eagerness in Greg's face. He wanted this. Mycroft however was utterly convinced he was not cut out to be a father.
"Santa is going to bring me a puppy right?" Hamish giggled. "I want a puppy!"
"Oh Lord, are they..."Greg didn't even have to finish his question because he heard a faint smack. "Oh good Lord," He chuckled, hiding his blushing face in Mycroft's shoulder. "Couldn't they have waited?" He said with a giggle.
"I didn't know Hamish was so affected by losing his real parents. He acts so happy normally." Greg whispered as he carefully hummed a song to keep Marius asleep.
"I love you," John told him again and he didn't know how it actually started but their hips were rocking together. "Fuck, I love you so much, Sherlock." He really did and it amazed him how the love for this man seemed to grow with each passing day. "If you need to hear how I am feeling: I feel like I am the luckiest man in the world to be with you." He bit Sherlock's neck, just once, he simply couldn't resist and he was rewarded with a moan and an actual whimper. "I get to call you mine and that is the best thing in the world." John said with just a bit of growl in his voice.
"Oh you liar, you do it all the time. You know how to charm people, Sherlock. That's basically flirting." John was laughing but when he looked up to see the pout on his husband's face he sighed. "Don't. Please, don’t pout just because I am trying to keep you from teasing me. I have to defend myself somehow, Sherlock." He explained and with a heavy sigh he scooted a bit closer. "I just don't want you whispering dirty things in my ear while I'm holding our son."
"Hmm? Me? That doesn't sound like something I would do." He said with a wide grin. While he kissed John he moved his hands to his lower back and pulled him close. "I wouldn't make a mess, I behave." He said, faking innocence.
Sherlock and John try to give Hamish one of the best mornings he's had in awhile, but as always work comes to call and Sherlock realizes just what the case is that he's been avoiding. With the truth in the open there is no way for Sherlock to refuse and he must entrust his ill husband, his son, and the safety of their Christmas to his brother while following his brother's husband into danger.
"Yes Sir. I'm sorry I hesitated." He forced out, trying to calm his breath and his fingers. He slowly let his shirt fall off his shoulders and taking his time allowed it to slowly drift to the floor. He could feel how Sherlock's gaze burned into him, absorbing every inch of his body as it was exposed. He turned slowly around so Sherlock could see the whole of his back, before slowly undoing his pants.
"We've simply decided to embrace the Christmas spirit, Mrs. Hudson." Mycroft added, ignoring the slight pink on his own cheeks, choosing instead to focus as he worked at making a plate up for Marius.
when Sherlock's fingers grazed over
"I'm sorry." He whispered. "I should have...I should have been here to remind you how remarkable you are."
"I'm glad I stayed too. I haven't been this happy in a long time." He confessed. He considered his next move carefully, looking towards the stairs and straining to listen. He didn't hear anything so before he let his mind get the better of him he leaned against John, resting his head on his shoulder. "If I hadn't stayed I don't think you and I would be so close." He said quietly his own voice sounding a bit breathless. John slowly wrapped his arms around Victor, before pulling him closer. The two of them relishing the small comfort of the touch. He leaned his head down on Victor's.
But his fear was heavy around them, making him feel like he couldn't breathe.
Sherlock panicked. He tossed the small kit he kept his syringes and drugs in under the bed, hoping the three doses he had left to use didn't shatter as it slid noisily under the bed. He strained his ears, listening as the angry footsteps thundered up the stairs, through the kitchen, and then to a stop outside his door. He shut his eyes again quickly, maybe if John opened the door he would thinnk Sherlock was asleep. That would be his safest option for John. John didn't knock; he just opened the door and charged into the room, his breath heavy in his chest. Sherlock could hear his angry inhales almost as if his eyes were open and he was watching them instead of listening to them. He could feel John's emotion bleeding off of him, he had no idea what the emotions were but he could feel a strange cocktail of sentiment that threatened to drown him. John had heard Sherlock throw something under the bed as he approached the door and paused to determine whether or not the detective was actually sleeping. With the door open and the light still on every movement Sherlock made was clear. John paused in the doorway and instantly he knew he wasn't asleep. He was high as a kite. He could see how his chest moved, how his body was tight, he could see every detail as if it were under a spotlight.
"I'm sorry we were late. The brawl was unexpected. Consequently Greg your accounting robbers have been apprehended along with the murder weapon. Do try to process the case correctly." Sherlock moved over and offered to help Mycroft remove the paper and glue. Mycroft grunted but accepted without speaking. "He's only three Mycroft."
"No, Sweetie. Not all the time. I'm with you or Papa most of the time. I don't have a reason to be lonely." He assured the little boy as he sat the food down in the fort. He crawled into the fort and wrapped his arms around Hamish. "I'm happy." He said but he wasn't exactly sure of why he was saying it. He felt like he was happy but there was some part of him that maybe... Missed Victor still. He missed having someone to talk to. Yes, he had Hamish to talk to but it was nothing like Victor. He smirked thinking about the things he and Victor used to talk about. John hadn't spoken to Victor in about three months. He had been so busy with Alex, planning their wedding that they he didn't even have time to text anymore. "I'm fine. I really am, Sweetie. Papa will be too." He promised him before he started to eat his own food.
“Yeah, we did. That's how I got hurt." John answered, rocking Hamish in his arms. He felt awful. No child should have to be so worried about his parents. But there was no way they could stop working. They were good at what they did and Sherlock could never stop, his mind would explode if he didn't have a case. The consulting detective wanted to speak but his throat felt tight. Hamish's words felt like a confirmation of how horrible he had been the last few months. It felt like the words John himself couldn't say were finally in the open. Sherlock
Sherlock simply enjoys being the center of both their attentions and has always found Victor physically appealing but not romantically.
"I have helped." He muttered.
"That is not why the children died. They died because evil people killed them. That is why. Not because of your stubbornness." He insisted before he kissed him harder. "You will not lose a damn thing. You'll always have me. You'll always have your brother and your son. No matter what happens, Sherlock. We will be here. You won't lose anything." He swore almost as an oath, before he loosened his grip on his hands to place them on the side of his face and kiss him properly. Sherlock kissed him back but tears were still falling and he remained unconvinced.
"No, we don't want to give him up. We gave everything back! He's ours now!" The woman shouted.
"He thought you were my date the last time we came here, John. I doubt he'll think much of us coming back." Angelo came out from the kitchen and smiled brightly when he saw Sherlock and John.
"None of us do, Sweetheart."  Alex watched, a fond smile on his face. He wanted a child. He and Victor hadn't exactly talked about it yet but he was sure Victor could read him like a book.
"Oh, you really shouldn't tell me to do that, John. Because I'll use you until the point of exhaustion." He whispered as he started to run his riding crop across his thighs. He enjoyed the way John trembled at the feel of the leather on his skin. "But I will use you right now." Without any warning he brought the riding crop down on John's ass with a low chuckle. He watched as John almost bucked both towards and away from the smack and felt his body tighten with desperation at the sound that came from John as he rode out the sensation. "Don't forget to thank me, John." He murmured, "If you forget or fail to do so, I'll punish you and I know how to punish you." He warned.
"Right away, Doctor." Sherlock said chuckling because it was stupid and adorably sweet that John still wanted to take care of him even now. He went to the bathroom first grabbing the flu medicine and getting John a cup of water from the kitchen. "John, wake up." He whispered running a hand through his hair, he knew that if John was falling asleep so easily he desperately needed the rest. "Take your medicine while I go get mine." He instructed and returned to the living room to get the needle from John's kit. When he came back John was asleep again, the water glass balanced precariously in his hand. He hated to wake him but he knew the consequences for not waking him would be worse, so he gently took the glass from his hand and spoke. "John," He whispered again. "I brought the needle and the medicine." John slowly sat up rubbing the sleep from his face and trying to wake up. He took the vial and the needle and filled it, though his movements were slowed. He gently took Sherlock's arm and gave him the injection.
"Of course I do! Very much so. But Alex and I are going to get married and start a family. So we needed a place we could do that."
"Yes," John whispered as he burrowed in the blankets. "Would you please bring me the flu medicine from the bathroom? Maybe if I sleep a bit and take it I'll have more energy later. You only need two CCs, use the marks on the needle. Or just bring..." He trailed off, still talking but slipping into sleep, he shook himself awake a minute later. " Just bring it here..."
"Alright, but please try not to worry yourself sick. I'll be okay eventually." John promised and he couldn't even see Sherlock's face to read him properly. his vision was blurred again. He closed his eyes and tried his best to ignore the pain. Sherlock's phone vibrated in his pocket.
"Yes I remember." He grinned. "That's why we slept so late." He stretched a bit and closed his eyes, trying to let Sherlock decide what was best. "So what are my doctors' orders?"
"I erm... I will." He forced out. "Is... Is that something you've thought about?" He blushed more, looking down at Greg.
"I wanted to. I almost did. I shouldn't have looked at all. Why are you proud of me?" He felt utterly ashamed of what he had done and he tried to convince John that he should be upset. After everything John had done to help him he'd just ignored it and gone looking for his drugs anyway. He recoiled away from John's touch but John followed him, not letting his hand leave Sherlock's form.
"John, don't even reply to that." Sherlock whispered trying to grab the phone from him. He already knew it was his brother and he did not want to deal with that now. But John yanked his phone out of reach and continued to text his reply to Mycroft. Sherlock sighed and moved toward the edge of bed to look at Victor. "Don't degrade yourself." He ordered softly. "You're brilliant and I am going to be here to help you get clean, okay? Even if my brother somehow makes you leave I... We will come visit you at the clinic." He looked back to John only to find him still texting, he hummed in displeasure. "John, you should be resting. I'll deal with him. Just tell Mycroft to text me." Sherlock insisted, but John didn't even respond. He wasn't ignoring Sherlock he just did not have the mental capacity to multitask at the moment.
"Alright," John sighed, hugging Sherlock close for a moment. This was good. This felt right, this honestly felt like a huge relief. "He's coming, Mycroft." John promised, leaning up on the tips of his toes to give Sherlock one more kiss. "I love you." He whispered before pulling away and walking into the living to sit next to Victor. "We talked." He told him with a shy smile. "We're going away somewhere soon."  When Sherlock entered the room Alex licked his lips, just to screw with Victor.
"Goodnight, Victor." Sherlock said with a sweet smile. He rested his head on Victor's shoulder and enjoyed the delicious feeling of these two impossible men - the only two to ever move him towards any type of sentiment were cuddled against him. "Pleasant Dreams, the both of you." He yawned one last time before drifting off himself into a deep sleep. He knew he wouldn't have any nightmares this time, not under the guard of his two favorite people.
"If the room starts to spin you can take the Dramamine. The effects seem to be lessening for you though," He mused as something seemed to click. Suddenly it all made sense – Sherlock had measured his drug use. He'd only taken the smallest amounts necessary, on a purposeful schedule in order to maintain control. "Even with this you were exceedingly calculated weren't you? Perfectly measured and timed." His voice betrayed the awe he felt as he surveyed Sherlock's behaviors.
"Non, je n'est pas ton Monsier. Je suis ton Dominateur." Mycroft's face betrayed how much he was enjoying this already. His eyes scanning Greg's body. "Are you enjoying yourself, my pet?" He whispered, stepping closer to him. His eyes were dark with arousal and his voice was very low. "Undress me. Only undress me. Do not linger too long, do not touch more skin than is necessary, and do not touch my erection." His commands were
"Mycroft is being polite Sherlock, he bought me a new phone and brought lunch." John said softly, cutting off Mycroft's retort.
We apologize for the delay in updating! I know Christmas is over but things just got wild for both of us. We've finished writing the story and are working on the edits to get this to you. I believe it was somewhere in this chapter that we switched control of Greg and Mycroft, as both of us have come to realize we prefer to play one versus the other! So from now on in all our writings Holly plays Mycroft and Cay plays Greg.  -Holly
"Can you please stop harassing John." Sherlock said and it was meant to be a question but instead it came out more as a commanded. "He's fine and even if he's not, I'll take care of him. Not you. Not Greg. Me." He wrapped an arm around John and held him close while he ate. "What I'm about to say to you is something I am completely serious about and if you call it childish I will kick you out of this flat, Mycroft." Sherlock warned through gritted teeth. "Now you may not care about Victor's well being but I do. He was my friend and I refuse to let my friend to continue on this path..." Sherlock took a deep breathing, knowing this would be the part Mycroft would hate, "I want to help him get clean."
"Oh John, look at you." Sherlock groaned, he pulled out and turned John over, pressing back into him and leaning down so every inch of their bodies was touching. He kissed him fervently and slowly worked inside him. "You're mine." He whispered against his lips.
"Let's take a cold one then if you really don't mind." He whispered sweetly. "I'll keep you warm if you get cold," He added with a bit of a grin. John took a long slow breath and forced himself to act like everything was okay. I mean, he'd done this for ages now every time something happened what possibly made this different? Things could be okay even when they weren't, that was sort of John's new signature.
"Fucking hell, god damn..." He uttered, leaning down and pumping over Sherlock's cock as he pulled out and slammed back in. "Like that?"
"I'll be okay, Sherlock. Really. Go. Go catch them." John whispered, forcing his tears to slow as he hugged Hamish close to him. Inhaling his little boy scent and allowing it to relax his mind. Sherlock wanted to scream. He knew if he hesitated any longer the murderers would strike but he desperately wanted to remain by his family.
Sherlock gave a loud gasp, his back arching into his touch. It was amazing how John knew exactly what he wanted, what was even more astounding is that he was willing to do it. He was enthralled watching how John teetered on the edge of his desire to be controlled and was able to return to the task of keeping Sherlock under his control. It wasn't in John's nature to be this way, he clearly preferred to the submissive one. But here John was doing this because he knew how much Sherlock wanted it. John was selfless and perfect and it made Sherlock want to behave and please him even more. It was such a different style of control than he was used to. John wasn't forcing him with pain and harshness, he was coaxing him with gentleness and showing how deeply he knew things about him.
"You can keeps him." Hamish said gently, blushing a bit as he stopped by Marius. "He was good to me, now he helps you."
"Alright, so tell me what happened." He said it quietly, holding Sherlock close. "Was that Victor?"
"Well, sorry mate but you two aren't exactly keeping it a secret with all those hickeys on your necks."
"I could hear you even over the sound of anything else." He whispered and Hamish's eyes got big. He loved this story. "Your Daddy said we could take care of you until your relatives could be found, but you didn't have anyone else. So... I talked to your Uncle and told him we wanted to adopt you if no one came for you. Then you were ours, but I knew you were ours the moment I saw you." He leaned down and nuzzled Hamish's nose with his own, though he was still fighting his thoughts.
"Oh, please, Master. I'm sorry I'm so bad. I promise to be a better pet. Please let me release." He begged and he meant every word because he knew Mycroft was being utterly serious. "Please let me please you, Master. You can fuck my mouth. I won't make a sound. I promise."
"He's a doctor." Sherlock said moving onto the couch and laying a hand on Victor's foot, trying to comfort him. "He feels like he should take care of everyone else first and himself last. It's a bit mad but I love him for it." Sherlock said without thinking. He bit his lip the moment the words left his mouth, that was really not the best thing to talk about. "I mean... Um... How are you feeling?" He asked, trying to change the subject.
"You want him too." He whispered to the both of them because he knew that they were all to focused on one person at a time. He moaned as he felt John's hand wrap around their erections. He turned his head so he could watch his lovers kiss. "You're both perfect," He purred before he started to kiss at Victor's neck. John groaned loudly as he and Victor kissed again. At lot of dangerous things were blooming in his mind and stomach but he ignored them in favor of feeling Sherlock moving against Victor. He slowly broke the kiss off and smirked.
"Fine, I'll go help him but if you start to feel faint you need to sit down and rest okay?" He kissed him once more before walking back upstairs with Greg who was muttering about doing all the work himself.
"You should want to leave," Sherlock snapped, his tone flat and emotionless. He tried to pull his wrist away from John but only because his grip was starting to hurt. "I betrayed you. I lied to you countless times. You should want to leave and never come back, John." His voice was strained as he tried to pull his hand back. John’s eyes met Sherlock’s. "John," He almost whimpered, looking at his (
"Yea..." Hamish said softly, wiping his eyes. His sniffling dying down. "I'm sowwy I bovered you." He whispered. "I'm gonna go have a biscuit with Marius now... When you are feeling better can we go to the park?"
"Ah..." He said knowingly. "But it has been ages hasn't it?" He inquired gently, Greg and John sharing a bemused look as once again the brothers had a half secret conversation.
"Put on your robe." He ordered as he slipped his own on. He went into the living room and quickly found his coat on the floor. He retrieved the ring box and held it tightly in his hand. He hoped he had chosen the right ring. "Come on, John. I'm not getting younger." He teased.
"No, We did not. I would remember if we'd been there more than once Victor." He turned to look around the room before exclaiming: "Hey! What's my skull doing here?" He asked with a smile as he walked over to it sitting on top of the mantel. "This should be back at your flat, why would it be here?" He asked Victor who at lost for words shrugged. Sherlock tuned around again to look at the winded doctor on the couch. "You look very ill to be working as a doctor right now." He surveyed John the way John had watched him look over officers, medical personnel, even witnesses at crime scenes - like he was tiny and unimportant in the scheme of things. Sherlock hadn't even looked at him like that the first time they'd met. It was like a knife in his heart. He wanted desperately to cry in frustration - a very unmanly, undoctorly, and just all around unnecessary thing to have happen right now. He realized that if Sherlock was thinking he was in University it would be most beneficial for him if they played along for now. Victor watched in awe as he forced himself to shove all of his feelings down and stood up. He watched as John proved to him in one easy moment that he was an infinitely better man than Victor could ever be.
"I met him at University, he was my only friend. I'd never had any other friends before so needless to say it eventually turned into something more, but I was never truly able to be myself around him. I kept secrets from him and I wasn't as comfortable being my true self with him like I am with you. I never let him take me to bed but I did kiss him and go out to parties with him. He started using drugs and for awhile I was able to keep that separate from myself, but he talked me into it. He knew exactly what to say to convince me that it was a perfectly logical idea and that's how I became an addict. Mycroft tried to keep me away from him after he found out about my drug habit but it didn't work. I couldn't cut him out completely because even though I broke off our romantic relationship he was still my drug dealer. But..." Sherlock took a deep breath, rubbing a hand over his face. "This will be the part you won't like." He whispered, preparing himself for the possibility that John might just jump up and run away. "Sometimes, when I couldn't pay him I'd... I had no other choice but to suck him off." He confessed with his eyes closed not wanting to read John's face. Which he expected to be full of disappointment and anger. "I didn't want to but he suggested it and I rather needed the drugs." John processed the information watching how Sherlock shut down his ability to analyze him. He let himself fall silent for a moment and wondered what Sherlock expected him to feel. He supposed Sherlock expected him to feel angry or disappointed but he didn't feel that way at all. He felt sad for him because he knew what drugs could do, he knew the horrible things addicts did to get the next hit.
"You can go to sleep when I'm near you, you told me that before. Which means your mind goes quiet sometimes when I'm close to you." John was still panting and still terrified of what would happen if he couldn't get Sherlock to fully accept his help. He dropped to his knees, holding Sherlock's face in his hands and making Sherlock look him in the eyes. "You focus on me when you need silence, when you need space... Don't think I haven't seen it..." His voice was almost pleading. "Doesn't that mean that maybe I can help?" His face betrayed his emotion clearly. It screamed
"We're not playing but do you want to play? I know a few games we could play. Would you like to play hide and go seek?" He asked.
"He is serious, we talked about it. I can help." John said softly, he'd only eaten a few bites of his toast before he set it down. John's hands were shaking though he seemed unaware of it.
"Don't worry, that was years ago." He assured the stuttering doctor. Then their lips met again and Sherlock found his hand moving a little lower. He squeezed John's ass with smirk toying at his lips. "I'm taking that sentence to mean you're enjoying this." John groaned loudly and blushed more.
"It's all transport." John whispered and the two lapsed into silent giggles.
"Clearly, Greg, it was all just an act," John teased Sherlock, enjoying his blush. John and Greg exchanged a look as Mrs. Hudson continued to giggle. Their look was clear, they were both hoping this was how the brothers truly were. All of their constant fighting and bitterness was grating and growing old. They knew they both cared deeply for the other and if this Christmas miracle allowed them to start acting as real brothers, well both Greg and John would be very content to enjoy it.
John groaned and looked up at Sherlock as he spoke, observing the look on his face as he did.
"Yes, always yours. I've always been yours. You've owned me since you walked into the lab in Saint Bart's." John groaned with satisfaction, a thousand questions rolled through his brain but he ignored them for now, knowing that this was not the time for questions.
Sherlock texting him back with shaking hands.
"Oh don't be so dramatic, brother. You are
"Yes please." Hamish said softly, crawling back in. "Are you lonely?"
"After that day, so long as I knew you were going to be there it never even crossed my mind again. Well, there were dark moments while…" His voice cracked and he whispered, opening his eyes to look into Sherlock's and leaning into his hand. "You saved me from so much, so much more than you know. I'm sorry I keep getting all emotional on you - but it's hard to hold back the things I've been fighting inside myself for all this time." He smiled softly. "You'll never lose me and if you ever can't find me, I'll be right here waiting for you with open arms."
. That's a normal reaction; at least, it is to me." He rubbed his nose against John's, "You can mark me if you want. I'll let you. It doesn't even have to be a sexual thing. If you want I'll even get your name tattooed on me." Sherlock offered with a smile. "Victor always wanted us to get tattoos but I told him I would never scar my body like that. But I would for you. I can get your name on one of my fingers." He stretched his pinky finger in front of John's face, making it stand and bend over and over again. He was just trying to make John smile again. "Look, I think it'd look nice right here." He pointed to the inside of his finger with a grin. "I can see it now. You're name written in a nice font with black ink." John grinned in spite of himself at the way Sherlock kept flexing that finger. Sherlock kept wiggling his finger in John's face until he giggled and then he looked proud of himself.
"Christ, I would have enjoyed that a lot more than dinner." Sherlock said his own voice thick with lust. "Please sir, the next time you get that urge don't be afraid to act on it." He whispered as he pressed his lips over John's and kissed him heatedly. "I belong to you now, Master." He whispered, his lips hovering over John's. "I never let him touch me the way you are right now. I never let him see me like this. He never got this close to me...only you." Sherlock took John's bottom lip into his mouth and sucked on it gently. John forgot he was the one in control for the moment and the two of them clashed in violent and deeply desirous kisses. When he finally pulled away his face was pleading one. "Please let me touch you a little lower? Please, Master?" John groaned and part of him said to give in and let Sherlock do the things he wanted. The part of his brain reeling from those hot kisses and boiling with desperate need, but that wasn't the right way to dominate. And he couldn't say for certain when Sherlock would ever let him do this again. He took a deep, slow breath to regain his composure. So he smirked and pulled Sherlock into a deep kiss before he stepped back.
He was nervous like a child, desperately hoping Sherlock would like it. A tear fell as he realized how much this meant for them. How true it all was. Sherlock breath caught in his throat once he actually saw it. It was stunning and beautiful and something only John would be able to pick out. When he finally remember how to break it came out shaking and tears were streaming down his face as he took it with a bright smile.
"Darling, it's really early." John yawned, moving back under the covers and curling up into a ball. "Me and Papa are really tired." Sherlock sat down next to him, watching as Hamish playfully poked the blanket until John reemerged. "I need to sleep more." He explained in a sort of whine as he wrapped an arm around Hamish and kissed the top of his head. "Oh," John said suddenly, opening his eyes as he realized what day it was, "Merry Christmas." He said with a soft smile before he closed his eyes again.
"Da Grinch!" Marius said eagerly, jumping up and down with excitement while he still held Hamish's hand.
"You don't need a second opinion. He's one of the best doctors around." Victor said softly, the amount of emotion he'd just watched go through the doctor devouring him from the inside out.
"He's going to let you help then?" John asked softly, he rolled over but was still a bit rigid, his voice a mask hiding his true emotion. He could hear the happiness in Sherlock's tone. He didn't want to feel this way but it hurt that Sherlock hadn't heard a thing he'd said. "I'm glad." He stared at the ceiling, trying to let go of the emotion clawing around inside his chest. He wondered if Victor was really the one that Sherlock wanted. Suddenly all of the insecurity that John had managed to force away came back with gusto. He tried to keep it from his face, to keep his face blank and devoid of emotion. But he still trembled.
"Oh! And you made green ones!" Hamish said with delight as Sherlock set a plate of pancakes on the table, his little eyes going round with awe. "You made Christmas pancakes, Papa!" Hamish almost breathed the word, some emotion threatening to overwhelm him. Sherlock had turned back to the sink, rinsing something off but smiling. Tears formed in Hamish's eyes and he collided hard with the back of Sherlock's legs, bear hugging them. "T-thank you." He whispered, burying his face in the fabric on Sherlock's legs. Sherlock turned and lifted the boy in his arms, letting him have a prime spot to watch Mycroft finish the last batch of pancakes. He held him tightly letting the boy rest his head on his shoulder and hide his emotion.
Again just for reference Cay plays Greg, Holly plays Mycroft.
"What's wrong with Mish?" Marius asked with a pout as he now sat at the table nibbling on a cookie as he stared at Sherlock and John's bedroom door.
"Three months.... Christ." John’s voice shook and he couldn't stop the sob that broke free of his chest. He doubled over slightly and for one moment his entire heart was open and vulnerable to Sherlock in a way Sherlock had never seen before. But it lasted only briefly before John straightened up, forced out a rough breath, and again tried to shove the emotion away. Sherlock felt the guilt again as he realized what John was doing. Realized that John was holding in all his emotion because he'd never given him reason to believe it would matter. He’d never done, not even when he returned after St. Bart’s. But that single sob conveyed so much in so short a time, Sherlock's addled brain grasping desperately onto every detail it provided. His own eyes glassing over as he realized he was hurting the
"Where's Victor?" John asked curiously, his tone giving him away a bit. Sherlock and Alex both grinned.
"Okay," He said breathlessly because his mind couldn't produce a proper sentence. "Okay... Whatever you need to do." He stammered, "That's exactly what I want." He nodded quickly before their lips met again and it was just as breathtaking as the first time. "Christ, we don't do this enough." He muttered between kisses.
"Yes sir!" Hamish said firmly giving him a little salute. Sherlock chuckled. Mycroft waited until Sherlock and John had retreated to the bathroom before turning back to Greg.
"I am. I don't want to leave you and Daddy, but I can't let any more children get hurt. Please forgive me..." He whispered and Hamish smiled a little.
"Why not?" Hamish crossed his arms and demanded. "If kissing is what you do to people you love then why not my cousin?" Greg was a terrible shade of red now, what had he gotten himself into? Inwardly he cursed Sherlock for teaching Hamish so much, so soon. He took a deep breath and ran a hand through his hair.
fantasies." Greg gave a hum as he thought for a moment, enjoying the eager look on Mycroft's face as he weighed out which one to share. "Well, I've always imagined having sex on your desk." He said with a smirk, enjoying the way Mycroft's eyes went a tad wider. So he had too.
"I love you too." Sherlock whispered, he was still raw and open. His face betraying every emotion that ran through him. He just let John do what he was going to, not fighting. He hated himself and how weak he was. How much he needed John to guide him through things like this. There was a tiny knock at the door.
"Recently? A certain consulting detective who has a cocky smile." John mumbled and he rolled his eyes when Sherlock gave a dark chuckle. "Are you going to do this all day?" When Sherlock feigned innocence he added: "Tease me?" His voice was a whisper and when Sherlock nodded he gave a sigh. It was going to be an awfully long yet glorious day.  "You're just begging me to put the uniform on," He scolded in a firm tone.
"Papa, are you alright?" Hamish looked sad.
"I am just doing the best I can. I forgot how young Sherlock was when I started caring for him. It's quite similar."
much." He smirked, clearly lying. "Wait until you hear my Italian." He ran his fingers through Greg's hair, glad the boys were asleep and they were alone in the living room otherwise. "You really do want me to punish you..."
"Yes well, no offense my love - but the governments of the world require a bit more firmness than the police of the Yard." He smiled and leaned their foreheads together. "We should probably finish showering so we can get some sleep. Then when we are home and Marius is settled we can see if
He slowly opened his eyes and looked at Sherlock. His body a bit tense as he did. He wasn't sure what Sherlock would say if he'd truly heard everything John had just spoken out loud. It was an awful amount of sentiment and John still wasn't sure how much Sherlock actually appreciated. Sherlock bit his lip nervously, turning a bit red as Victor ran passed him and up the stairs. He'd hurt Victor so much, and not only that but both of these men were so in love with him they were both willing to do anything he wanted just to be in his life and that was both beautiful and utterly tragic.
"Hamish, Victor had to go. He had to move out so you could have your room upstairs. And because I needed him. I didn't want to be alone anymore." He ran a hand through Hamish's hair, trying to sooth him. "I'm sorry, I was the one who took him away from you and your Daddies." Alex was trying to take the blame off Victor. He knew how much Victor cared about Hamish, he wouldn't be able to take the little one being mad at him but Alex could handle it.
"Piss off." Greg muttered sounded annoyed and amused.
"Darling, of course he is." Greg assured him. "I mean you and I both noticed the change in Sherlock the moment John came into his life. Hell if I recall correctly you wanted John to spy on him and give you information even though he hadn't even truly moved into the flat yet. So clearly you somewhat trust John and I trust that man with my life." Greg sighed softly, "And I can tell he deeply loves Sherlock."
"I'm proud of you." John said softly and pure confusion seeped into Sherlock's mind. "You could have taken them but you didn't. Thank you for trusting me even in that dark moment." Sherlock still frowned as he kept his eyes on the couch cushions, John was doing this all wrong. Logically he should be angry with Sherlock, not... What was that emotion in his tone? Relief? No that was all wrong!
"Because you didn't take them, you stopped yourself. Because you are trying to change your habit to move forward from this." John ran his hands over Sherlock, trying to draw him back out of a ball. "You are fighting an addiction. Each step forward is a miracle, even if you step back. And regardless of how many times you stumble I will be here. I love you." Sherlock sighed softly,
"Don't cry, Mish." Marius said and wrapped his arms around Hamish as they sat on the bed. He didn't look as upset anymore, but he was a bit sad that he had somehow made Hamish cry. "It otay." He promised, kissing his cheek. He pulled out of the hug and adjusted his bandanna. Mycroft set them on the twin bed in the room.
"I didn't think you'd be the one who opened  up. I just wanted to know how he honestly felt. I didn't think you'd go and... Admit to all that." Sherlock's voice was a bit awed and John turned crimson. Fussing about picking up his tea.
“Hm?" Sherlock hummed as he continued to stroke John's firm chest. "There's nothing really going on up here," He confessed as he pressed his lips to John's cheek and kissed it a few times. "My head is just filled with you: I'm thinking about how much I love you, what sort experiments you and I are going to do... My mind is currently fixated on you and to be honest I suddenly don't mind at all."
"Don't- Don't do that when I'm holding Hamish." John said with a giggle as he scooted away from Sherlock. His husband knew damn well what whispering in his ear did to him. "No. Just no, Sherlock. Just because people flirt with me doesn't mean you get to tease me like this." He said firmly. "And for the record, I never flirt back." He said with a smug smile.
"Do your magic, Daddy." He commanded, licking his bottom lip as his eyes burned into John.
"Then why did you make me believe you did?!" Victor grabbed him again, intent on doing anything he could to convince Sherlock that he needed Victor and not John. But when he pulled Sherlock up he pulled too hard and their heads smacked together. He lost his footing and his grip on Sherlock as he rebounded from the impact. He fell backwards over the coffee table landing with a hard smack and watched with horror as Sherlock fell over the arm chair and hit his head on the floor. "Shit, Sherlock are you alright?!" Victor grunted and tried to move but he'd sprained his wrist. "JOHN!" Victor shouted. John heard the loud thuds and hurried to dress, struggling slightly as he made his way to the living room. He didn't even bother buttoning his shirt, trying to interrupt the two before something terrible happened. He ran out into the room just in time to watch Sherlock fall and he stumbled forward.
"I can get him a robot dog." John whispered to Greg with a shrug but the look Greg gave him said that he needed to just get a dog. It wasn't like they didn't have the room.
"Don't apologize to me. You didn't let me down. We both let those families down. The both of us." Greg assured him and sped up. Traffic was going to get a bit dicey ahead of them so he slammed his foot down on the accelerator. "Hold tight, we have to beat the traffic. Christ, I wish I still kept my flashing lights in my car." He sighed and when he saw Sherlock's quirked eyebrow added: "Mycroft said it looked tacky to carry them around all the time." His voice betrayed his annoyance at Mycroft's apparent fashion advice, but he let it go quickly. He tried to focus on the road ahead, driving a bit recklessly but trying to get them to the family as quickly as possible. "Do you think you'll be able to tell which building they're in? I know the general area but I don't know exactly where they settled in. It'll be a place where the rent isn't too much. I remember the young woman worrying about the cost of rent because she was staying home with the boy."
It wasn't as tiring as anticipated, despite being prolonged by John's unnecessary gentleness. At first, John reacted much as Sherlock had predicted. But as Sherlock offered John to use him as he pleased something barely perceptible shifted. When John looked at him during his service there was a frailty in his gaze that almost scared Sherlock. John on the brink of orgasm was far more open, fragile and vulnerable than Sherlock had dared to anticipate.
“As I said. In another time, who knows what might have been...,” John sighs. “I want to visit him when we are back home. I hope you don't mind?”
John can only nod. White hot anger flares up inside his gut as he remembers how broken Sherlock had sounded when telling him about it.
“Flustered? Sherlock, I'm not jealous! I am...”
“Who's the doctor here? Aah... shit! Fucking hell! Sherlock, this hurts!”
Afterwards, there's a lot of heavy breathing as they slowly entangle their weak limbs. John lies down next to Sherlock, who stretches and winces slightly.
“I missed you.” Sherlock's voice is very soft. He can't look at John, just stares at the remains of the gingerbread man. “Every day. I missed you. Even after I came back.”
“Is that any of your business?” John bites out, getting angry and deciding to let it show.
Instead of relaxing at least a bit, Greg tenses visibly at John's words, sitting up and pulling back his shoulders. His face goes stony, mouth tight; John has only seen him like this when a case got pretty tough. John is taken aback a little and raises his glass to his mouth to hide his puzzlement.
“How's the wife?” he asks instead, which is an obvious diversion but he doesn't want to lie to Lestrade and can't be honest with him either – it's too fresh and raw, whatever IT is, and John doesn't even know if Sherlock wants to go public with it (a few weeks ago John would have thought Sherlock didn't care but now he's not so sure. No, that's not true – a few weeks ago John would have dropped dead if anyone had suggested he might share Sherlock's bed and be allowed to kiss him until he's cross-eyed, so he’d never reached the stage where he could contemplate confessing being in love with the git).
Made contact with some officers from the Armia Krajowa. They want to try to reach Italy, to join forces with the allies. I've decided to go with them, if they'll have me. I don't think I'm of much use here any longer.
They look at each other in silence because there’s really nothing to say. After about a minute, Sherlock simply gives a brief nod before retreating to their bedroom. John feels lost despite his relief.
“It was written off as a tragic accident. A discreet inquiry was launched. But no one wanted to make a fuss – neither the school nor the parents. Feared the scandal. In the end, nothing came of it.” Sherlock almost spits the last words out, his tone dripping with cynical indifference. “But I knew... even if I had no proof. Therefore, I couldn't make any allegation or press for specific charges...”
“This was in the back of that large built-in wardrobe upstairs.” John is a little out of breath and looks flushed with excitement, as if expecting an enthusiastic reaction from his partner.
Gibson looks up at John, his grey eyes piercing. “Do you condemn me, Doctor Watson?” John has the distinct feeling that Gibson peers right into his soul. “Who knows why people do the things they do? Perhaps he needed the money? Perhaps he thought I could help him along with his career? Anyway, I promised restraint and Sean stayed.”
I hope you are all right. Could do with a hug from you, or a kiss, or just hearing your voice, telling me it will be alright.
-----------
“Are you Mr Holmes? Sorry, I think we... met last night, at Smithfield Market, and you invited me?” John is suddenly doubting that this has been a good idea.
Remember the Major I told you about, the one I met at sea? He arrived at our outpost a few days back. We've started to play cards in the evenings. Otherwise, even I would go mad with boredom. He's a very nice chap, from Wigan. He'd been posted to Afghanistan before. He doesn't talk much, but what he tells me about that country sounds fascinating.
Walter is Walter Schellenberg, one of the highest ranking men in the Sicherheitsdienst (SD): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Schellenberg
“What have you been doing since?” John asks carefully, his voice hoarse with shock and anger.
John is silent for a long time. “Why? Why do you have to get me out of the way?”
“No,” Sherlock whispers barely audible and John knows he's lying.
“Oh, yes, of course.” Sherlock retorts sweetly. “So, tell me, Doctor Watson, have I done it right?” He crooks his head to one side. “Well, never mind.” And with that, Sherlock sinks the needle in. The tip breaks his skin with only a light prickling and he takes his time, drawing in some dark red blood to make sure he's hit the right spot (if the blood was pink-red, he'd penetrated an artery – very bad!), before pushing the plunger firmly down, injecting the adored poison into his blood stream in one swift motion. There's nothing John can do about it! Intoxicating, really, in more than one way.
“We fucked up pretty badly, don't you think?” John can't help it, suddenly a giggle bubbles up in his throat. If someone is predestined to screw up a fragile love affair, it's them.
“You sure?” He finally croaks.
He's not equipped to deal with John's … affection? No, there had been something different, something threatening and unsettling. John had clearly displayed predatory intentions. Sherlock shuts his eyes and exhales. What had he gotten himself into?
John swallows, tea and toast forgotten. Sherlock has to take a sip, however, to be able to continue.
This will haunt me for the rest of my life. We failed those people, John. Now we have to live with our shame and our guilt.
“I'll make breakfast in the meantime. And you will eat it, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Yes, I would. I do. I have to.” John steps up to Sherlock, almost towering over him – a strange new angle – his hands clenched into fists at either side of his tense, staunch body.
“I lived rough. On the streets. Slept in squats. That's where I met the founding members of my homeless network.” Sherlock twists his lips and it takes John a moment to recognise it as a smile. Nothing else is forthcoming.
But Sherlock almost jumps to his feet and stumbles backwards, nearly losing his balance. Instead of gaining leverage he pulls down his t-shirt and therefore crashes sideways into the wall. His face briefly contorts with pain as he turns towards the door to grab a much too large black hoodie that was hanging there and pulls it over his head.
Later, they relocate back to their bedroom to dive into the box again.
Sherlock sighs.
John has no idea what Sherlock is talking about but doesn't dare to interrupt.
“Something like that, yes. Grandfather was highly aware of traditions and manners. Family reputation and all that.” William smiles a crooked smile. “It angered him immensely that I didn't give a toss.”
“This case is quite sufficiently complicated without the further difficulty of false information.” Sherlock snaps.
“Oh no, John. He's desperate. He'll be back shortly. And perhaps then he'll be prepared to tell me the truth.”
Vera Lynn's voice fills her kitchen as she prepares a cup of tea, just like Sherlock prefers it, with way too much sugar and just a splash of milk. John, on the other hand, likes a stiff whisky in the evenings, so she pours him one and sets it down next to the tea cup on her kitchen table.
And John can't help but smile, looking, most likely, slightly befuddled. “But there might be some stuff we need up there.”
There are actual tears glistening in William’s red-rimmed eyes when he stops reading. John takes him in his arms again and rocks him gently.
John ascends the 17 steps leading up to the flat in high spirits. Even the three Tesco bags that cut into his fingers can't diminish the pure glee he experiences while walking up. Being able to do this again, after all that has happened... no, stop it right here, Watson! Let bygones be bygones. No use crying over spilled milk.
My love,
“Nothing.” William busies himself to leave through the next letters.
“Dear god, that took you a while!” Sherlock exclaims. “I hadn't put you down for a homophobic old crock.”
“Your education has been clearly lacking important subjects. You did go to a school, didn't you?”
“Good evening, Mycroft. Be assured, I didn't ask for you.”
“And it’s not… For example, I’m not a chemistry professor.”
“First of all, we've to cut your hair.” Mycroft says. Sherlock wrenches the scissors from his fingers to do it himself. As his dark curls, that John so loved to pet and stroke, fall onto the bathroom floor he feels a fleeting sense of loss which he quickly pushes down and rigorously suppresses. It's no use getting sentimental now.
