Steve slid his hands down her arms and clasped her hands again.  He heaved in a breath, then let it out in a shuddery sigh.  “Okay.”
They weren’t hiding it--neither of them were interested in hiding anymore--but since they were taking it slow, it still felt like they were keeping it to themselves. Keeping it
Sometimes they didn’t talk at all. Sometimes, they just sat there, books open, notebooks and pencils and pens strewn about, looking, for all intents and purposes, like they were studying, but they weren’t. Not schoolwork, anyway. No, during those times, they just sat looking at each other, eyes playing little teasing games while they studied each other instead. Not even the librarian came through much, so they felt safe doing it. Safe thinking that they were in their own world there, where no one would bother them.
Tony began to feel a little desperate.  Steve wasn’t saying anything.  Wasn’t speaking or making any sound at all.  He was just looking, alternating between the three of them.  And his face was blank.  Completely and utterly.  He’d always been able to do that.  Just close his countenance off so no one could tell what he was thinking.  Tony had been infuriated by it before.   Now, he was just worried.
The counterman called his number--funny, considering it was just him and one guy who looked to be asleep in the back booth.  Tony paid, dropped in a cash tip, and left.
“I get that, Tony,” Steve said, and his fingers rubbed gently at Tony’s side. “I do get that. Just…” He sighed.
Tony let out a breath. He still seemed frustrated, and Steve’s brain was still getting off on that. Steve himself--the other parts that seemed independent of his now-in-complete-control brain--wasn’t. Those parts were feeling bad. They didn’t want to see Tony upset. “Well, are you going to at least
They went out for dinner afterward at a hole-in-the-wall Thai place where they called Tony by name and brought out mounds of food he didn’t have to order.  When they got ready to leave, Tony kissed the old woman who served them on the cheek.  She flapped her hand at him and said something in a language Steve couldn’t begin to understand.  Tony looked at Steve, a little smile playing around his lips, then answered back in the same language.  The old woman, not a day under seventy-five, Steve judged, giggled like a schoolgirl.
.  Not Nat or Sam or Wanda.  Tony gripped that knowledge and held onto it tightly, his knuckles white with force.
Steve stepped into him, just like he'd done the night before, except now there was no door to stop them. They were heading in the right direction this time, Steve’s mouth on him, Tony swinging the door closed, but not stopping, letting Steve walk them to the bedroom with easy confidence, as if they had done it a thousand times before. And maybe they had. In Steve’s head, maybe they had.
guy was so high himself he probably thought he was dealing to Jesus, Mary, and Joseph and having tea with the queen every other day."
Tony wove their fingers together, the silk of the tie still between them, and when he sunk into him, they both exhaled with combined passion and relief. Tony held Steve’s hand, clutching it tightly as they rocked together, slowly at first, then faster and faster, using it as his own tether to this new reality. A reality he prayed was something he would get to keep. That
“Don’t,” Steve whispered. “Okay? Please? Let’s not talk about what should have happened between us. It’s done, right? All that...it’s the past. Isn’t it?”
on his own--and when he joined the army, well, the whole point of the army was to lose yourself. To turn your will and your body over to something else. To become a part of something larger than yourself. To work as a unit, become a piece of a thing that ultimately became more than the sum of its parts. And then when he’d woken up from the ice…
“Well,” Tony drawled, sliding it away, then began sliding it all away, like a kid putting his toys away at night.  “That’s the start of it, yeah.  But then it goes into the mechanics, and the electrical.  Not to mention Rhodey’s far less-developed sense of bad-assery compared to my own,” he said, and winked.  “But here’s the cool thing: I can fix it.  I can fix the code and the mechanics and the electrical, and all the rest of it.  Except Rhodey.  I can’t fix him.  I’ve tried.”
Steve shrugged, smiling a little.  He had his sketchbook on his lap, a charcoal pencil curled loosely in his hand.
“Good,” he said into Steve’s ear, then kissed it three times in fast little pecks that made Steve smile against his neck.  Tony hunched his shoulders, and Steve sat up.  His eyes were dry but very warm when they settled on Tony’s.  Tony touched his cheek, kissed his lips once.  “Thank god you finally see reason, huh?” he said.  “I really didn’t want to tie you up and force you to do this.”
Tony lifted one shoulder in a shrug. He still wasn’t looking in Steve’s eyes, but he let him take his hand. He gripped it tightly. “I don’t know,” he muttered. “I just...wanted to see you.”
Steve laughed through it all. The sound was full-throated and happy. He wrapped Tony in his arms, allowing the kisses, kissing back. “I like your brain,” he managed. “Don’t gouge it out.”
He drove slower today, though.  Tony was with him, sitting in the passenger seat with his feet up on the dash, looking out the window, holding his hand.  And that was enough. Enough to make him feel like he was flying again. He wished they were on their way somewhere else. The ocean.  The mountains. Hell, even the mall an hour away, but this was okay. As long as Tony was with him, it was okay.
Steve sniffed back tears.  He was hardly the only person crying in the room, but to Tony’s eye, he looked the most miserable.  And he came by it honestly.  What had these other tearful soldiers done?  Gotten drunk on duty?  Beat somebody up?  Ran from their post in the middle of the night?  Steve had saved the world.  But here he still was.  Locked up behind the same bars as these petty thieves and unlucky gamblers.  It wasn’t fair.  It wasn’t right and it wasn’t fair.  For a moment, Tony wished Thaddeus Ross was here.  Tony would punch him in the face himself.  Or put
Steve's head rocked to the side.  The sound of the palm connecting with his cheek was a flat, loud clap.
“You’re right, though.  I miss some of the stuff about back then, but not that.  Not the prejudice.  The sexism.  It would have taken Sam or Rhodey a long time to become officers, and there’s no way Rhodey would have gotten to be a colonel.  And Peggy, she fought so hard to get where she was.  Nat would have had to do the same.  And guys like us…" he shrugged then sighed, running a hand up through Tony's hair.  "It
Tony came into the room.  “What are you yelling ab--Oh, look!  You met.”  He picked the cat up in his arms and brought it over to Steve.  Steve took an involuntary step back.  He didn’t think he’d ever seen such a murderous look in an animal’s eyes before.
So, as much as it stung, he said no.  And Tony had left.  And his parting words had been worse than the razor sliding across his throat.  He could only hope that someday Tony would understand why he’d done it.
He walked in and went right to the freezer.  He didn’t look around.  He didn’t realize he wasn’t alone until he turned around, his hand full of ice from the icemaker.
It helped.  He breathed in and out, then nodded as the wave went back out to sea.  It did not disappear, but it retreated to a safer level.  “I’m okay,” he mouthed, and entered the room.
Tony went back to looking at Steve, watched as he turned a page. “Yeah,” he agreed. “So what if I am?”
So, it's Christmas night here.  Seven pm, where I am.  I spent the day watching silly Eighties movies and editing (and now posting) silly Stony fanfic.  All in all, not a terrible way to spend my first ever Christmas alone.  But, really, I wasn't alone.  I had Steve and Tony, and even though you may not have known it, I had you all, too.  Thank you for that.  I am crying a little now, thinking about it, and I know it's pathetic, but I kind of don't care, because you guys have been my friends during all this, so THANK YOU for making me feel better, even if you didn't know it.  Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas, if you celebrate it, and if you don't, I hope you just had a wonderful day!  I really do love and appreciate you all!  Here's to better times soon!!
He opened the door and walked in. The room was dim, but Steve could still see Tony sitting on the chair in the corner. See the way he smiled when Steve came into the room.
He had a hard time falling asleep. He lay there, eyes open in the silent dark, thinking about the other night, how nice it had been having someone--having
He got a cab, and gave the driver his address. All through the drive, he found himself mumbling a prayer to St. Christopher--one he was certain he had forgotten up until that very moment--for safe travels. About halfway home, the driver, an older woman with short, iron-gray hair, met his eyes in the rearview mirror and joined in. Steve blushed a little, but spoke louder, and they prayed together the rest of the way. He was shocked and almost embarrassed by how much it helped calm him down.
Sam glanced back, then looked up at Steve’s stoic face. “You know,” he said lightly, “he looks at you too, sometimes.” Steve’s jaw clenched. “When you’re not looking.”
“But-” those eyes. Drilling into him. Begging him to look into them. “But you’re still my boyfriend, right?”
Steve smiled again. God, it made him look so young. Like a kid just out of basic training. “Yes, sir,” he said, and snapped off a little salute. It made Tony smile. Made him feel like a kid again himself.
Steve reached out and touched his fingers shyly.  Tony folded them into his own.  Steve smiled.  “If you still want me to be.”
Steve laid him down, and Tony pulled him down on top of him. Now, lying on the bed, their kisses lost some of their urgency, but none of the heat. Steve licked slowly into his mouth, and Tony hummed around his tongue. “What do you want, Tony?” Steve asked, grazing Tony’s throat with his teeth. “What do you want me to do to you?”
Steve rode the bus home a few hours later. Mr. Barker had left him alone the rest of the day, leaving him to do his tasks without any interference. That was fine with Steve. He had a lot to think about. A lot to go over in his mind. Those words stayed foremost in his brain.
that capering, gleeful thing shouted, and Tony nodded, resigned, the life slowly draining out of him.  “Yeah,” he muttered.  “It is pretty silly.”
Steve felt a familiar swoop in his stomach.  “Are you trying to get me a date?” he asked.  He was trying for casual, but every word felt like a bullet being loaded into a gun.  Tony would be the one to pull the trigger, but if it would go harmlessly wide or straight through his heart, Steve didn’t know.
Tony gave him a coy smile. “I’m going back to bed,” he said, and looked at Steve expectantly, one eyebrow raised.
It was heavy and rich, not some cheap handbill passed out on a street corner.  This had cost somebody some money.  He unfolded it along the creases and squinted at the letterhead, his eyes just barely able to make it out in the starlight:
party. He’d invite whoever he wanted and damn the consequences. And he was having too good a time this afternoon to fight about it.
Tony kissed him again and whispered in his ear, “I’m not teasing. You’re gorgeous, baby. Perfect. Sweet and perfect.”
She looked at him. Steve could feel her eyes, and he finally looked back. “He’ll be okay, honey,” she said. “He wasn’t afraid. I watched very closely. He was surprised, but not afraid.”
--for Tony Stark because of that other need he had. That compulsion. That obsession with giving Tony what he deserved. All those years. So many years. And now here he was, climbing the steps up to him, because finally--
“She won’t get mad,” Steve assured him. “She’s at work right now, anyway. She’s doing a graveyard. She won’t be home until tomorrow, and then I’ll talk to her. It’ll be okay. Don’t worry about that.”
She looked at him seriously.  “I’m putting a moratorium on that phrase.  If you want to be my friend.”
The salesman reached into the glass case and pulled out the watch Tony was pointing at. “Girard-Perregaux,” he said, setting it on a black velvet swatch. “1942. Fourteen karat rose gold over stainless steel. It has a manual wind movement, which is fairly unique for this piece.” The man smiled fondly down at the watch. “Very nice.”
A special soul was taken from us a couple days ago. I obviously didn't know him other than through his work, but I feel like a member of our family was lost, and a piece of our collective heart went with him. Thank you for giving us a hero and a man we could look up to, Chadwick Boseman. You will be forever loved and missed.
Steve’s hands clamped down on Wanda’s spasmodically, and she moaned in the back of her throat, whether from physical pain or something she saw in her mind, no one could tell.  Steve’s head moved from side to side in an erratic twitch.  His eyes squeezed shut, his face constricted with pain.
“Perfect,” Tony said, and turned to Steve. He flashed him “The Smile”. Steve felt his stomach flip over lazily. “What do you say, Steven? You don’t mind if I take your other boyfriend to the museum tomorrow, do you?”
Need and desire burned through him. He wanted it. Everything that Tony was offering, he wanted to take. And take. And take. As many times as Tony would let him. As many times as they could. But his brain held him back for a moment. Like a movie playing behind his eyes, it showed him what tomorrow would look like. The early morning sun lighting on Tony’s bare skin. Steve kissing his shoulder blade before crawling out of bed and dragging his clothes back on. Saying good-bye. Or not. It would be easier if he didn’t. It would be easier if he just left, closing the door behind him, taking a cab, waiting for the plane. He’d planned on doing all those things in the morning anyway, but could he do it if he and Tony spent the night together? He could. Of course he could. But it would be harder. Harder to leave. Harder to get on that plane with the knowledge of how Tony tasted so fresh in his mind.
It didn’t seem like there were enough words for whatever there was between them. Or maybe there were too many. In either case, neither said anything. They just looked at each other.
“I don’t mean just this morning,” Steve said.  “All week.  Since they told me you were coming, I was afraid you’d change your mind.”
, Steve thought, and was thrilled in that moment that he thought things over before he said them. That would be cruel. Too cruel to do to Tony. To anyone. But especially Tony. Because it
Tony huffed a little laugh, ruffling Steve’s hair with his breath.  “We should go back there,” he said.  “I told Nin you’d be coming back for her.”
He finished his coffee, went into the bathroom and cleaned up a little, then went to the kitchen. He could hear their voices--his people’s voices--Morgan’s high and twittering, Steve’s a low, pleasant rumble, and then there they were. And Steve’s eyes lit up when he saw him. Tony didn’t want to make comparisons. He never wanted to do that. But nobody he’d ever shared a morning with--including Pepper--had ever looked at him like that.
Tony watched him coming now. There was no jog in his step, though. Just a head-down trudge, like he was on his way to the executioner’s chair instead of school, and he never saw Tony at all. Never saw the way his eyes followed him, eyes filled with longing and sadness. Steve kept his own eyes on his shoes, just putting one foot in front of the other, his bag slung over his shoulder. He made his way over to one of the benches, tossed his bag down, took out a book, and started to read. His hair glinted gold in the morning sun. Tony could see it from here. See the way it lit it up, making it glow from the inside like a secret fire. He wanted to run his fingers through it. He knew what it felt like, how soft and silky it was, and he wished with everything he had that he could just go do it again right this very second.
Steve nodded.  Asgard, he thought, would be very lucky to have Thor sit as their king.  He felt lucky to be able to sit here with him now.  “Thanks,” he said.
“A few minutes ago,” he said and lay down next to him. Tony burrowed immediately into his side, kissed the curve of his neck, then just lay snuggled beside him.
Steve barked out a short, surprised laugh, and the guy joined him. Steve held out his hand. “I’m Steve.”
She walked to the door and Tony salt sulkily down on the stairs.  He’d only been here once before.  The decor was the same.  Mid-eighth-century freak show.  Nothing like the Tower with its sleek, smooth, modern style, or the cabin with--oh.
“With anybody?” Steve asked. “I thought...I heard you had a lot of girlfriends in California...” he began, but Tony shook his head.
okay, you’ll tell me. Alright?” Tony said. His fingers were on Steve’s hips, tracing the skin just above the waistband of his boxers. “Just say ‘stop’, and we’ll stop.”
“Hey,” Tony said, then reached out and touched Steve’s hand again.  A little snap of energy, like an electric shock jolted through him at Steve’s touch.  Tony gasped, but locked his fingers over Steve’s.  The shock became a low, steady hum.  “Hey, baby, if you want that,” Tony said, staring him in the eye, “
He ran a hand through his hair. Straightened his jacket. He probably looked terrible, but there wasn’t much he could do about it now, and Tony never seemed to mind. Did, in fact, constantly tell him how beautiful he was, even when Steve knew he wasn’t.
Tony closed his eyes briefly and breathed in, held it, then let it out. It wasn’t more than three seconds, but it seemed longer to Steve. Watching Tony try to
Steve didn’t run from bullies.  He didn’t run from giant alien worms or gods bent on destroying the city he loved.  Turned out, the only thing he’d ever been compelled to run from was sitting in front of him right now.  And the reason was clear:  Tony was his dark mirror, and Steve used him to see himself.
That’s what he was doing now. Sitting in the cafeteria, reading his book, drinking his coffee--which actually wasn’t bad, considering it was a hospital--and eating his muffin. He had scanned the room and the other diners when he came in, clocking the exits and sizing people up, before settling in the corner, his back to the walls like he normally did. He didn’t think about that. It just happened anywhere he went. It drove Pietro crazy. He always got a little irritated when Steve insisted on a corner when they went out to dinner, or the back row in a movie theater, but Steve couldn’t help it. He didn’t like the thought of someone coming up behind him. Pietro said he was being “overly cautious”. Steve thought he might be right, but he couldn’t stop himself from doing it. He just didn’t like leaving his six open like that.
. Present tense. Tony had looked the same. Had that same, hollow look in his eyes, that same sour twist to his lips. She’d held him before he left. For as long as he let her anyway, rocking him a little, then kissed his temple and told him she was sure he was wrong. That he had to be patient with Steve. He could be a little stubborn sometimes, but he always came back around to the right way of thinking. They just had to give him time.
When he could put it off no longer, Steve walked down the hallway to his room.  He sighed and rested his hand on the doorknob.  He thought of Tony again down in the gym with Rhodey.  He wondered if they were having a drink and talking about old times, reminiscing about stories that were shared just between the two of them, or if they were talking about tomorrow and what would happen.  If they won, Bucky would come home.  So would Pepper.  Where would that leave this thing between them?  This tiny, flickering candle flame they’d lit tonight?  Steve could still smell Tony on his clothes, still taste him on his tongue, could he give that up?  He’d lost Peggy when he went into the ice, his one chance at happiness.  Could he lose Tony too?
“This is in direct violation of the Sokovia Accords, Nick!  They state very plainly that if something like this occurs, the...person involved will be taken to The Raft where we can better  assess and control the situation.”
Howard’s mouth bowed in a small, complicated smile. Part grief, part relief. “You have a unique way of looking at things, Steven.”
“I’ll take your word on this one,” Tony said. He crawled back up the length of Steve’s body, pushing him down until he was lying on the pillow, then draped himself across his chest. He kissed him, licking into his mouth with his tongue.
about it. How could something that had once been so important just fall by the wayside like that? How could something that had been almost his whole world get so lost?
Fury had called him in to brief some agents on an upcoming mission, and he wasn’t home yet. He’d texted to say they should start the movie without him. Tony told him he didn’t want him to miss the start of the movie.
Steve slipped his hand off Tony’s hip and drug it up his back then trailed it back down over his spine using just his fingertips.  The effect was dizzyingly familiar and well-loved.  “Anyway,” he said, “you stopped writing.  After a while.”
Steve closed his eyes. He drew in a deep breath and shuddered it out, but he didn’t let go of Tony’s hand. He held it tighter.
Howard scratched something out on the paper with the pen he was holding, jotted the correction down in the margin, then looked up at his son. “Son? How was campus?”
P.S. The translations from German are going to be given in the next story.  But, of course, you are welcome to Google them before if you'd like:)
“Oh,” Steve murmured. “Oh god.” Tony dipped his head to suck at Steve’s balls, then nuzzled at his inner thighs, pressing tiny kisses there while he jerked Steve’s cock hard and fast. “Tony. God, Tony, I’m gonna-” Tony’s mouth was there, enclosing him again in that soft, wet heat, sucking almost delicately now, wanting Steve to come in his mouth--wanting to taste him--and when he did, shuddering out his orgasm with a gasp and a sigh, Tony swallowed around him, drawing out every drop he could. Not wanting to waste any of it. Not something that was Steve’s. Not something so precious.
sexual. Purely sexual. He stroked it with his thumb, teasing the inner seam of his jeans high up his leg. “No,” he said, like Steve had disagreed with him. “No, we’ll leave early. And Morgan can go home with Auntie Nat and Uncle Bucky, and Dodger can go home with Grandma Sarah--who should come to the party too, by the way. She and Sam and Wanda. And Dodger. Oh, fuck yes,
“Don’t,” Tony said quickly, and his gaze snapped back to Steve. “Don’t, okay? I get it. I get what you’re saying. But don’t say it.”
to stare. I probably was staring. But in all fairness, you were the one who came up here and got all naked in the first place. I mean,”--the soft sounds of a towel on bare skin. Fabric. A zipper-- “Christ, did you even think about the paparazzi? We don’t live in a vacuum, Steve. They
Steve glanced back down into his cup. Tony watched his thumb move around the rim. “I was pretty messed up until you came to school there,” Steve said without looking up. “I’d never had any friends. All I had was my mom.”
He looked at Steve, one eyebrow raised, and Steve found himself shaking his head from side to side. “No,” he answered, unsure of what he was even saying, just letting his instincts take this one. “Not a puppet-guy.”
There were tears in the corners of her eyes again, and the look of sheer pride he saw there was utterly blinding. “Yes,” she said, scratching his back with her short nails.
. His eyes were still closed, and he ran his thumb over the tie now wrapped around his knuckles. He sighed.
Tony had never been here before. He let his eyes roam the room for a moment, noticing the guitar in the corner, the stereo, the tv--both silent and dark--a couple houseplants on the windowsill. The kitchen was off the living room. The bedroom in the corner. It was plain and boring. No real life here, but that didn’t mean there would never
He felt the elevator slow down around him and looked up.  It was too soon.  The light was lit for the 40th floor.  Tony’s private floors began ten above that.  He pushed the button again.
them,” he emphasized. “I didn’t say I used them.” Steve finished his drink and put the glass on the table. He didn’t refill it. He just leaned back again, stretching his arms along the back of the couch. His sweater pulled taut against the outline of his chest, and Tony felt his stomach do a little flip-flop in his gut. Funny. It hadn’t done that in a long time. He’d almost thought he was too old for that sort of thing. Guess not.
They went to dinner at a little pizza place near the aquarium, then outside, Tony buckled Morgan into the backseat of his car. He closed the door, and looked up at Steve. “I don’t want to take you home yet,” he said simply.
Wanda reached for Steve and brushed his cheek with the back of her hand. “Igen,” she said, then kissed his cheeks just as she’d done Tony’s. “Nagyon jó.”
“No,” he said gruffly.  He needed to get this out, for himself now, as well as Tony.  “It was my fault.  It was my turn to save him, and I-I let him fall.  And then they had him and they turned him into some kind of--”
But it hadn’t all been physical thoughts, either.  Tony just liked being with him.  When he wasn’t being a gruff, militaristic asshole, Steve was funny, and patient, and sweet.  Being with him some nights had been like a balm on a wound.  Listening to him talk had felt like a gift, and when those eyes had fallen on him, and he smiled, Tony had felt like he was floating.  Even at the start, when they’d said they hated each other, one look from Steve, and he was better. One look, and whatever was broken inside him at the time, felt healed.
Nick let out a breath. It was disgruntled and tired. Steve smiled. It was not the first time he had heard that sound. He’d known Nick Fury for a lot of years--remembered following him around as a kid, trying to stay out of his way while at the same time, trying to keep up with him--and that sound had become so ingrained into Steve’s heart, that he couldn't
do that to me,” he said. His voice was softer, though, his eyes not as cold. “Maybe not physically, but there was always someone else you were thinking about.” He turned fully into Steve and slipped his hand up his arm to cup his cheek. “You never let me in. Not all the way. You never let your guard down enough to love me.”
Steve ducked his head, feeling a blush creep up his cheeks. He wasn’t sure why, but the idea of Tony cooking for him too was extremely appealing. “‘Kay. I’ll be there. What time?”
Tony knew the names.  Howard trotted them out from time to time when he was in his cups.  Not as often as Steve’s, but often enough Tony knew exactly who they were.  The Howling Commandos.  Steve’s old squad.
you said it to me.  I’m no expert, but isn’t that the hallmark of the whole ‘getting married’ thing?”
“Oh, I beg to differ.  Do you want to see the credit card receipts?  FRI, pull up the VISA account.”
Tony let him drift for a while, working up his own courage, then he nudged him in the shoulder.  “Hey, you.”
“That’s because I don’t believe it is right.  But I think ‘less wrong’ is something I can live with now.  Things have changed.  He’s changed.  He’s better.  And she’s not going to be maneuvering anything.  This will be more like an exploratory surgery than a true operation.”
Tony went back to the Tower and rode the elevator up.  He was only here for a few days.  Just so he could see Steve.  Other than that, he still lived at home.  And he’d keep living there, because that was where Steve wanted to be.  He loved that place, and Tony was determined to have him back there as quickly as possible.  Back home, and back in his bed where he belonged.  The loft was okay, but Tony wanted Steve with him.
Steve surged forward and gripped Tony’s wrist in one hand.  The other went to the side of his neck, holding it firmly.  Tony’s pulse jumped beneath his fingers in both places.  Steve felt like someone a lot stronger than Tony had just punched him in the face.  He knew he and Tony had some things in common, but he had never realized blinding insecurity was one of them.  Cold hate coursed through his body as he stared into Tony’s eyes.  Hate for Howard, hate for Obadiah Stane, hate for everyone who had ever made Tony feel like he was less than worthy.  Including himself.
Steve snorted, his eyes drifting closed once more.  “‘Few hundred thousand’?” he teased, and yawned before settling himself completely against Tony’s side.  “That’s it?”
“Oh, thank Christ,” Clint declared. “I was getting really tired of pretending to care about all that science-y shit.”
They walked to Jack’s apartment and rode the elevator up. Steve kept his hands in his pockets as they rode, but when the elevator stopped, Jack grasped his arm and pulled him down to his door. Jack took his keys out of his pocket and opened the door, and as soon as they were inside, Jack pressed against him and tipped his head up. Steve licked his lips, put both hands on Jack’s waist. He wanted to do this. He did. He knew he did. The three drinks he had thought so too. They thought this was a great idea. Sure they did. He was shaking, and was starting to feel a little sick to his stomach, but yeah. He wanted to do this. He wanted to feel something other than guilt and pain. Anything else. This would work.
He nodded frantically.  Natasha didn’t look down at him, but she heard him, and she saw some of the tension go out of Clint’s shoulders.
“Before their faces are out there or before someone decides to come gunning for the racist fucks spreading their shit all over Manhattan?”
Steve shook his head slowly from side to side. “No. No, I shouldn’t be with you either. Just ask your dad.”
“I didn’t know you were a flower-man,” Tony said.  “I would have bought out every shop in the city.”
Wanda put her hand over Steve’s.  “It wasn’t for nothing.  We got to be together for a little while.”  Tony stared at them in disbelieving silence as Wanda kissed both of Steve’s cheeks.  “I love you,” she said.
Tony reached out and clasped Howard’s free hand. The one that wasn’t already touching him. It was a distracted gesture, one he wasn’t even one hundred percent aware he was making. “Okay,” he said, his mind already putting Morgan into her car seat and speeding a well-known path to Steve’s door. “Thanks, Dad.”
Tony looked at it for a long time, his mind casting helplessly back to all the times Steve had kissed him in the exact same place.  How nice it felt to have his lips there, how warm his breath was, how his hair brushed against the underside of Tony's jaw.
Steve looked down at his hands again, but Tony could see the small, secret curve of his lips. “I didn’t want you to worry. Or be upset if I failed again.”
Steve turned to look at it, surprise and a slight wariness filling him. No one knocked on their door past ten o’clock. No one really knocked on their door at all, except Mrs. Perkins every once in a while, or the landlord when there was a repair to be made. Not even Sam knocked. Steve had given him a key. He just used that when he came over.
At first, it wasn’t really even a kiss.  At first, it was just two sets of lips brushing against each other, barely touching, softly, so softly, it was like the touch of a feather.
Steve blinked his eyes slowly open. The lights were low, but Tony’s eyes were bright where they fell on him. Bright with concern and...something else. Maybe. Possibly. “No,” Steve breathed, and he was still smiling. He couldn’t seem to stop. “It was...I don’t know. Just. Good.” He reached for Tony’s hand and clasped it tight in his own. “Really good.”
He squeezed her tight one time, then stepped away. “I’m gonna go take a shower, okay?” he said, trying to make his voice sound normal and not choked with tears. “Then I’ll come help with dinner.”
He left the bathroom, went back to the bed and pulled the blanket up over Tony’s shoulder. Before he left, he moved it back down, kissed the warm skin there, then covered it back up again. Tony didn’t move. Steve smiled a little. He loved the way Tony looked while he slept. He could count on one hand the number of times he’d actually seen it, but it was one of his favorite things. Something he could live the rest of his life thinking about and never feel like there had been a second wasted.
coat?--Tony could see he’d probably lost another ten pounds since he’d seen him a year and a half ago.  As Captain America, he’d been 6’2”, a solid, beautiful 200 pounds, but Steve Rogers, while it didn’t look like he’d lost any height, seemed as skinny as a stuffed string at 165.
That's the end of this story...almost the end of the series!  One more little story left, but its really just a tiny little coda to this.  There's nothing really substantial about it, just something short and sweet, because after all the absolute shit I have put my poor guys through, I thought they deserved a gentle little denouement.  I will save my effusive thanks for the end of that story, but I will give you a quick thanks now for reading and for being there!!  See you in a day or so!!
Steve propped his forearm against the door, then dropped his head against it and reached back to touch Tony with his other hand, holding him in place, caressing his hair as best he could from the awkward angle. “Tony,” he breathed. “Oh my god, Tony. Please. Please don’t stop. Tony, please.”
," he went on, now trailing his mouth over the tie. "Bound up like this." He bent and pressed Steve's wrist against the mahogany headboard. Steve moaned, his eyes half-lidded. "Do
Tony sighed. He knew enough about Howard to know it wasn’t going to be that easy. There were a lot of hurt feelings still.
“No, ba-Steve, it’s not. I know it’s not. But it’s not exactly the way you think it is either.” Steve let out a harsh breath, and Tony pressed his shoulder against Steve’s hard bicep. “I know I can’t change your mind. Not right now. But I just want you to remember that you’re the only one who feels that way. Nobody, including Bucky and everybody who was in your unit, thinks it was your fault. They trust you. Present tense, Steve. They love you. Everybody loves you.” He brushed his fingers through the fine blond hair at Steve’s temple, then tapped it with the tip of his finger. “So get out of
Tony and Sam looked at each other. Both were a little wide-eyed, a little expectant, both wanting the other to take the lead here.
She fell silent and he lay in bed, waiting for her reply.  When she didn’t say anything, he sat up.  “FRIDAY?  Are you there, angel?”
He walked out the door and sat down on the step leading out of the hospital.  He put his head in his hands.
When he jerked awake the second time, he didn’t hesitate. He just rolled toward Tony and fit himself around him, holding him against his chest. Tony hummed pleasantly and reached back to touch him.
Steve shook his head. Not saying no, just shaking his head. He looked down at his hands, then back up at Bucky. “Yeah,” he said. “I think so, anyway.” He shrugged and smiled. “I’d better be, ‘cause I’m doing it.”
, he thought as he pressed his mouth to hot skin, as he let his tongue slip over smooth muscle, his hands touching, caressing.
Tony shook his head and cocked an eyebrow.  “You can’t ever let me have the last word, can you, soldier?”
Steve finally lifted his head.  His eyes still swam, but he was trying to smile again.  That was his guy.  That was his best guy, always trying.  Always trying to look on the bright side.  No matter how dark it was.
Steve patted Sam’s hand.  “You go ahead and forget it, Sam,” he said.  “Me and Nat will remember it for you.”
Steve lifted his hips and Tony yanked his jeans off, pulling his underwear with them, then pulled his own sweats off and threw them away.  They landed on top of Steve’s jeans with a soft thump.  Coins clinked in the pocket.  The sound made Tony smile.
like it,” Steve said, and Tony closed his mouth with a snap. There was something in his voice. Something hard but desperate, resigned but resolved, something that made him sound so much older than his twenty-one short years, and all of a sudden, Tony knew what it was.
Steve flushed red. As red as the tie that was coiled around his fist. Instead of throwing it aside when he stripped it from around Tony’s neck, it had ended up here. Tony wasn’t sure if Steve had done it on purpose, or if it had just been something that had happened in the heat of the moment while Steve writhed beneath him, lost in the sensation of Tony’s mouth on him, but either way, it had given him something to hold on to. And seeing it now, Tony felt a divine spike of covetous lust.
Steve looked at him.  In Tony’s face he saw everything he’d always wanted.  He saw them laughing and arguing and waking up together in a sun-washed bed.  In Tony’s face, he saw the reason he fought.  In it, he saw his future.
He tucked his phone back into his pocket.  Then sat still as the plane banked, then pointed its nose toward the ground.  Beside him, Steve slept on, oblivious.  He’d been exhausted.  It had shown in the lines around his mouth, his eyes.  Tony wasn’t sure how to wake him, wasn’t sure whether he even should.  It was his jet.  If he wanted to spend the night in it with one sleepy ex-soldier, he’d do it.
“I love you,” Steve said.  “I didn’t say that enough before.  I know that.  But I do, Tony.  I love you.  More than anything.”
“Perfect.”  Tony signed the twenty with a flourish and gave it to the kid.  “There.  Now you’re not accepting money, you just got an autograph.  How’s that?”
Tony walked around for a while after leaving Nat. His mind was a flurry of activity, of ideas, of plans. Did he go the grand-gesture route, or the more quiet, subdued, fireworks-and-family route? Or was that the same thing? Did he even know the difference? Steve did, but did
was all Steve sent back, and Tony spent the next half hour trying to decipher the meaning of that. Whether Steve was laughing at him, or with him. He hoped it was with him.
He stretched a hand out and put it on the sheet where Steve had never laid. It was crisp under his fingertips. Pristine. Cold. He scratched his fingernails over it very lightly, wishing with a deep ache that it was Steve’s back he was touching.
Tony let his head fall back and rolled his eyes. “Set my sights higher? God. Can’t you just stop? I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I’m fucking tired-”
Tony looked around, making sure everything was okay.  He didn’t really care if anyone knew about their daytime trysts, but Steve would be embarrassed.  He didn’t want to embarrass Steve.
Sometimes it was fine.  They’d known each other for years now, and were well used to each other’s idiosyncrasies.  Steve got up too early.  Went for a jog--no real runs yet, the marathon runs of yesteryear were still beyond him--ate, cleaned, drew, read book after book after book, watched movies.  He was currently working his way through the Brat Pack era.  He had a thing for Molly Ringwald and absolutely no patience for Andrew McCarthy.  The viewing of “Pretty in Pink” had ended in an hour-long tirade after which he swore he was done with the entire genre.  “The Breakfast Club” brought him back.  On a trial-basis, at least.  He started working out again, too.  At Tony’s urging, he took over the loft area as his own, and turned one corner of it into a gym.  He was still a light sleeper most nights, and sometimes, lifted or pounded sandbags until four or five in the morning, took a cat-nap, then went for his run at six.
Quick word about timelines: Those of you who have read my other stories know I kind of play fast and loose with timelines. I try to keep stuff vague on purpose, just dropping a few hints to sort of get a feeling of about where we are, even though it probably doesn't really matter in terms of the stories themselves. We're probably mid-nineties here for anyone who cares.
. Not boss-employee time. It took Tony a little while to realize that, but when he finally did, he also realized that he had been almost seduced into having a relationship with his father. Seduced with hot dogs and chatter about who was fucking who in the after hours. He felt a little shocked by that, but by that time, he was actually enjoying himself on their lunch-time dates, and he didn’t really want to give them up.
Tony pulled back and looked him in the eye.  “Are you happy, Steve?  For real, I mean.  Do I make you happy?”
--am responsible for hundreds of thousands of people. The employees. Their children. Their wives and husbands. Their parents. I sit on the board of a dozen different organizations. There are fund-raisers. Balls. Galas. Symposiums. These things happen in different countries. In different languages. When I retire, all of that will fall on Tony’s shoulders. Not only will he inherit all my money and assets, but all my responsibilities, as well.”
Tony stood up.  Steve held out his hands and Tony helped haul him to his feet.  Steve wrapped his arms around him and buried his face in the crook of Tony’s neck.  Tony held him, scratching his short nails up and down the muscles of his back.  They stood that way for awhile, both giving and taking warmth, peace, love.  Sir Purr stood between them, rubbing against their shins.
“Yeah. It is,” Steve said. He broke off another piece of his muffin, but he didn’t put it into his mouth. He just crumbled it onto the napkin it was sitting on. “Why are you here? I've never seen you in the treatment room," Steve said, but now that they were up close, Steve could see that hollow look around his eyes. Could see now, that his hair might not technically be his own. Steve wasn't
“J,” he said, grabbing a bottle of water and downing half of it. “Pull up the designs for Steve’s suit, will you?”
Slipping into the kitchen, Tony carefully slid open the junk drawer.  Like every other kitchen in America--the world, probably--this one held all manner of detritus that had no other place in the home.  Paper clips, twist ties, coasters, half-used rolls of duct-tape, loose batteries, loose change, an old roll of Certs that had probably belonged to Howard--did they even
“Slow,” he agreed, nodding. Although, honestly, he would have agreed to literally anything Steve said just then.
There was a rattling sound, then Tony’s voice. “-it in the bedroom, honey.” Steve’s lip began to tremble. “Yeah, Tony Stark.”
“He will be fine,” Thor assured a very worried, highly pissed-off Tony Stark.  “He has made his ancestors proud.  He deserves a rest.”
Tony listened to Steve’s breath grow deeper, more even. He felt the gentle rise and fall of Steve’s chest against his own. He ran his hand over his neck, his shoulder, his back, mapping him with his hands. He had never in his life been in a situation like this. Usually, it was fuck first, ask questions later...or not at all. He and Steve had never even kissed. And the things they'd just said. Somehow they felt like promises. Tony didn't know if they were the kind that would ever be truly fulfilled, but right now, he didn't care. Right now, all he cared about was the feeling of Steve's arms around him, the feeling of Steve in
The crack widened and became a tear, a hole, a portal large enough for a man to walk into .  Or walk out of.  “Come on, Stark,” Strange said, stepping into the cell.  “It’s time to go.”
Steve laid back down, unsure of what to do, how he should place his body. He wanted to curl against Tony’s back, hold him again, but he didn’t want to crowd him. Didn’t want to clutch him too tightly again, so he just put his head on the pillow and closed his eyes, willing himself to go back to sleep.
They walked up to the door, the three of them, Tony, Natasha, and Wanda.  Bruce was taking his ban seriously.  Tony did not think he felt bad about it tonight.  Tony let Natasha handle the door.  She was a spy, after all, she knew her way around a locked door.  He and Wanda stood by, letting her do her thing.  Wanda picked at her fingernail, seeming bored with this part of it, and Tony thought she came by that honestly.  She could have opened the door in less than a second, but seemed comfortable taking a back-seat here.  Tony was less comfortable.  His hands shook, wanting to fidget, wanting something to do.  He shoved them into his pockets and gripped the lining tight.
“You have nothing in common with her,” Steve said without thinking, and that look showed up on Howard’s face again. If Steve didn’t know better, he would think it was almost sad.
Tony reached over and took Steve’s arm.  “Wake up, soldier,” he said, and this time, Steve roused almost immediately.
put it in the cabinet.” He nodded to the corner, and Steve retrieved his old ruck-sack.  He ran a hand over it, seeming to draw strength from it, then he exited the plane.
He shifted on the ground, winced at the pain in his arm, his side.  He looked at the razor in his hand, confused, and sat it down.  “Oh my god, what happened?  I think I’ve been shot.  Tony, I--”
“I know you’re with somebody,” Tony said. His hand had fallen away from Steve’s arm when he’d bent to pet his dog, but he took it again now. Not just his coat this time, though. He grasped the bulk of his bicep and held it firmly, feeling the heat of it even through the wool coat he was wearing. “I know we can’t-”
Tony snorted frustrated laughter. “Or they don’t.” He ran his hand through his hair. “Okay. Don’t worry. I’ll be there, Pep. I’ll make the meeting.”
Steve pulled back and looked up at Tony. That love still shone in his eyes. That same familiar warmth that Tony had grown so used to over the years. That steady, all-encompassing love. “Feel better?” he asked.
Tony shrugged out of his coat and chucked it into the corner.  He stood on one foot, yanked his shoe off and threw it, then did the same with the other one.
It was monotonous, patient, not too fast, not too slow, like a metronome. Knock. Knock. Knock. Pause. Knock. Knock. Knock. Pause.
Tony leaned closer to the wall, looking at one last picture he’d missed the first time through. “Is that your dad?”
Steve laughed.  Tony smiled as he rummaged in the cupboard for candles and sat them on the table.  “There wasn’t any summer camp for guys like me, Tony,” he said.  “Least not back then.  I guess now they do stuff like that for the poor kids, but we were left to shift for ourselves back then.”
He waited for his shift to be over at five, then cleaned up and started dinner before calling Nick. He stepped out onto the fire escape, pulled the burner cell out of his pocket, and dialed the number--the only number in the phone.
Howard chuckled and sat down in an empty booth in the corner. Steve slid in across from him. When the server came over, Howard ordered a coffee. She told Steve he’d had too much coffee. Said she’d bring him an orange juice instead.
“I said, I’m not going to say no,” Steve answered.  His face was still blank, but he leaned closer to Tony, his eyes touched by fear and resignation, an uneasy combination that hurt Tony clear down to his soul.  “I hate it here, Tony,” he whispered, and though the others could plainly hear what he said, they all knew Steve’s words were for Tony only.  “I feel weak just being here.  I wanna go home.”
“Hey.”  Tony let go of his wrist and sat next to him.  He put his arm around his shoulders and tugged.  “Come on, Steve, come here,” he coaxed, and Steve reluctantly allowed himself to be tugged until he was pressed against Tony’s side with Tony’s arm wrapped around his shoulders.
Tony fixed a bright smile on his mouth and turned around.  They were coming back up the lawn toward them, Bruce still pushing, struggling a little in the grass, Steve helping when they got bogged down.  Steve grinned as they got closer, warm eyes only for Tony.
Steve heated up his dinner in the microwave--meatloaf and mashed potatoes--and scarfed it down while standing over the sink. His mom wouldn’t have liked that, would have wanted him to at least sit down at the table, but she wasn’t here, and what she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her. Besides, this way, he didn’t have to wipe down the table again. All he had to do was give his plate a quick wash, rinse the crumbs down the drain, and he was done. Easy as pie.
Tony put his tablet on the nightstand.  He turned on his side, looking up at Steve.  He had a dreamy look on his face.  Like he wasn’t sure if this was real or not.  Maybe he wasn’t.  Maybe part of him still believed he was back in that prison cell.  Maybe part of him would always believe that.
Maria had liked to ride, and on the few occasions the family had come up here for the day, she had ridden out alone and not come back until nearly dark.
But Tony didn’t smile. In fact, he just looked even more sad. He shook his head quickly. “No. I-I can’t. I can’t.”
“No, Tony, don’t go,” Steve said.  “Stay.  Let’s talk or something.  We can’t keep avoiding each other.  I can’t.  Not with Than--”
Strange looked at him sharply.  “What’s wrong with Steve?  He left The Raft.  I thought he was with you?”
“Hey,” he said, as sudden inspiration struck. “Hey, why don’t you come home with me tonight? You can sleep over. My mom can help if you don’t feel good. She’s really good at it. She does it for me when
Tony fell silent next to him, scratching his short nails lightly over Steve’s sides, his stomach.  He hadn’t really meant Peggy when he’d asked, and although Steve had made it worth his while, answering the way he had--Tony’s mind was actively turning it into a bumper sticker--he still needed to know the actual answer.  He didn’t think it made a difference, but after the other night, he needed to know.  For his own peace of mind.
“I know, Tony,” Steve said. “It’s okay. I know.” Then Steve’s finger was pressed against his entrance, and Tony fell back on the bed, everything lost to him again. Everything but the feeling of Steve doing things to him. Steve taking control. Steve taking care of him. The feeling of
His breath in and out in tight, measured gasps.  Nat’s hand on him, soothing him.  Fury’s tight and commanding.
“I know I shouldn’t have hit him,” Steve said, still gnawing at his nail.  “It wasn’t what he said--” he looked at Tony, just a glance, then he put his head in his hand, rubbing at his temples.  “I mean, it
Steve’s eyes opened.  They were dark and possessive.  He curled his arm around Tony’s waist and rolled them both over until Tony was pressed into the mattress and Steve was on top of him, kissing him with hot, heavy abandon.
Natasha took his hand.  Steve was waiting but his shallow respiration said he wouldn’t be waiting much longer.  A scientist would have said it was the serum that had kept him alive this long, but Nat knew that wasn’t entirely the case.  Any normal man would have died the instant Thanos laid hold of him, but Steve wasn’t a normal man.  He never had been.  Dr. Erskine had seen that.  Steve had been crushed, his insides turned into a thick soup, his body nearly torn in two, and still he held on.  That wasn’t all the serum, though.  It was
Tony nodded, still smiling. “Me too. When we start thinking of people as ‘John’ and ‘Tony’ instead of number four hundred thousand, two hundred-and-whatever, it gets me thinking about their lives. Their families. How they’re going to get their kids from school to piano practice. How they’re going to heat their homes in the winter.” He picked up a neat folder of papers and handed it to John across the desk. “That’s where Stark Industries’ reactor tech can really start to make a difference in people’s lives.”
Tony’s chest constricted again. As if the words Steve spoke carried their own weight, and each one was settled on his heart. But he could take it. He could take it. He’d been made to take it. He was convinced of that. Whatever Steve said, whatever burden, whatever...
“You know. One of those disgustingly happy couples who are way too into each other, and can’t keep their hands to themselves, and make with the kissy-faces all the time and grosses everybody else out. Those couples. And what? Why are you smiling like that?”
“Steve, listen to me, ‘kay?  Listen to my voice.  You know me.  You know who I am.  Alright?  It’s me.  It’s
So, here it is. It's funny that this entire story evolved from a single scene I thought of one day...and that scene didn't even end up in the story! I have a hard time writing endings. I never know when to stop, but this seemed like the place. It's not perfect--they never are--and I'm not in love with it--I never am--but I hope you like it. Thank you for reading!
They had been seeing each other regularly ever since. Tony wasn’t sure how long it would last. He knew it wouldn’t be forever. He was still young. He wasn’t thinking about forever--at least not anymore--but they got along well, and up until this moment, Tony had thought they would at least last a few more months. But now. Well, now he wasn’t so sure.
“Look,” Steve said, letting out a breath. He turned to Jack, put his hand on his hip. It felt weird doing that. Almost wrong, but he kept it there. He wanted this. He
They took Steve's car.  It was a 1966 Ford Mustang convertible, black with a midnight blue interior.  Tony had been very specific about that color. He wanted it to match Steve's eyes.  Not when they were happy, but that dark, deep blue that happened when he was in the throes of passion.  That's what Tony wanted. That's what he got.
He woke up twice during the night, but considering he had not slept at all the night before, he thought he was doing okay.
“Thanks for everything, Mrs. Rogers,” he said, and she kissed his cheek, petting Morgan’s sleeping head.
“I know,” Steve said, gave him a brief squeeze, then stepped away. “Let’s just have a good night, okay? I just wanna focus on that.”
kissed him goodbye.  Wherever Tony was--in bed, the kitchen, in the garage--if he was home, Steve would search the house until he found him, put a hand on his waist, his thumb edging under Tony’s shirt to touch his skin, lean down and kiss him.  It was usually quick, no more than a two-second press of his lips, but it was warm, friendly, and above all,
Sarah led him into the bathroom and closed the door. She didn’t talk while she got out the scissors, or while she tipped his head from side to side while she used them. She never did. She just concentrated on the task at hand. He knew he could go to a barber and have this done, but he didn’t want to. He liked having her do it for him. It was a small thing, just a tiny ritual that they did, but he liked it. He liked being close to her for these few minutes before he went away for these couple weeks for his summer drill. He knew she liked it too. It always made her cry--he could hear her sniffing every few seconds--but he didn’t mind that. In fact, he kind of liked that too. Knowing she’d miss him. Even if he was only going for a few weeks, she’d still miss him.
Steve lifted his head and Tony kissed him.  “You take such good care of me,” Steve whispered.  “I don’t know how I got so lucky.”
“It would have been a hell of a lot easier on him if he’d just walked away.  But he didn’t.  He stayed.  And he kept sticking up for me, and he kept protecting me, and when my mom--he was all I had.”
They got out and walked to the front door.  Side by side, step for step, their hands nearly touching as they mounted the steps.
He looked angry. His face was red, which was nothing new. You couldn’t spend thirty years with your head in a bottle without facing some capillary-bursting consequences at some point. His eyes were shot through with blood, his mouth turned down in a solid line. Sitting there in the silent gloom of the darkened room, he seemed like a harbinger of some frightening future Tony didn’t want to even imagine let alone aspire to.
He’d never been inside. The lobby reminded him of the Stark’s penthouse apartment. It was very cold, very beautiful, all marble and glass and chrome. There were people milling around, gawking like he was, interspersed with people rushing from here to there with purpose, sheafs of paper in their hands, or cell phones pressed to their ears. He looked around, unsure what to do or where to go. There was a reception desk, and he made his way over to it.
Tony streaked by then banked left and came back.  He landed near Thanos’ body, the suit already disappearing, and started toward them.  His foot connected with the broken shell of the Infinity Gauntlet.  He kicked it out of his path without a glance.
By the time he got home at nine, his mother had already left for work. He’d called her and told her he was picking up an extra shift, and she had told him she would leave his dinner in the fridge. Told him she would see him in the morning. Told him she loved him. He said he loved her too.
Tony’s eyes flicked past Steve’s shoulder into the apartment again. Steve caught the look, but he pretended he didn’t. All those various reasons. “Maybe you’re right,” Tony said, then finally took a step back, disappointment flitting across his face. “Well, guess I’ll let you get back to work,” he said.
Tony got up and stood by his shoulder, watching Bruce’s fingers fly across the keys.  “What are you doing?  And what did you mean, you’re going to tell me?  Tell me what?”
Tony ran a hand through his hair.  “They were loud.  At clubs or parties.  A lot of drinking.  A lot of drugs.  A lot of sex.”  He shrugged.  “It was the eighties and I was rich.  A lot of people wanted to fuck their way through me.  And I wanted them to.  That was pretty much my life back then.”
. We’re your priority. Everything else comes after that. What we need comes first. We always come first.”
He climbed up onto the bus, made his way down to a seat, and sat down. Outside his window, he could see his people--his family--waving at him. Saw his mother, his canine best friend, his little girl, and his man. He looked at them all, but he mostly had eyes for Tony. Just like he had almost his entire life. The person he had loved--and would love--more than anyone else. The person who was his past, his present, and his future. The one he had given his heart to again and again, so many times over the years. The one who owned him. Ruled him.
Dodger jumped up on him the second he opened the door. He barked a couple of times, whining and lapping at Tony’s face. Tony pet him, ruffling the fur around his neck, then pushed him gently away. “Good to see you too,” he said. He was speaking to the dog, but his eyes were on Steve.
And still that shrieking sound. That shrieking sound that was becoming clearer as the ringing in his ears abated. That shrieking that was definitely not a teapot. That was definitely--frighteningly, terrifyingly--human.
Tony kept one hand on Steve’s waist and moved the other up his arm, his shoulder, the side of his neck, until he was running his fingers through the familiar hair at the back of his head.  It felt like watered silk, fine, soft, smooth.
He stopped at the guard station and gathered his things.  He refastened his watch and slipped his wallet into his pocket.  The keys to the car, he twirled around his finger.  He whistled a little as he crossed the parking lot.  In spite of the tussle, his heart was very light.  He was going to get Steve out of there.  It was now a foregone conclusion in his mind.  He and Steve were going to be together.  Forever.  And after that, too.
stuff without thinking? Why did he have to make everything so awkward? Why didn’t he just go apologize when Clint did?
Steve nodded reluctantly. He didn’t want to be selfish. This was for his mother. If she needed it, and it was available to her, he’d take it. And fuck his own feelings. This was for her. All for her. “Okay. Can I see her? I wanna see her.”
“Oh yeah,” he answered, then kissed him again, long, hard, and deep, ran his hands over his chest, his shoulders, reaching back to touch his thighs. “So…”
to. “Hey.” He took a few steps closer. Stuck his hands in his pockets. “Haven’t seen you around much lately.”
Steve fell back a step.  He forgot about respect.  He forgot about waiting.  He even forgot about that damn cobb salad.  “What?” he said, and Hunt, who seemed like a rather pleasant guy, actually laughed.
Kisses. Many kisses to make sure he knew he was kidding. Kisses until Steve laughed in the back of his throat and put his arms around him.
“Good,” Steve answered. “Fun. I finally let Sam beat me at pool. Now he only owes me four thousand, five hundred and sixty dollars.”
The officer shrugged a little. “They usually start out with ‘Hi, honey,’ and then they go from there.”
They’d made a little place for themselves in a nook between the helicopter pad and the raised ledge of the outer wall.  It wasn’t much, just an old cot, a couple of blankets, and a cooler one or the other of them kept stocked with beer and soda, but it was better than some of the accommodations they’d had while on the run.  And it was
of making. He hoped Tony knew that. Hoped he recognized those tags for what they were--a placeholder for something else. Something more permanent.
Tony glanced at him. He sounded so shy. His face and chest flushed with red. “What?” Tony asked curiously.
“I know, but...nobody?  Not even some nice,” he swallowed past a small blockage in his throat, “private from the Buckeye State or something?  A one-nighter?”
So, they rode like that for another three hours.  Steve’s head on his shoulder, Tony holding him up, alternately toying on his phone, and just resting against his best guy, listening to him breathe, feeling his warmth, his softness, wishing for the scent of good old Skin Bracer (Byyy
Steve thought wildly--from the city outside, from the very air he breathed.  And from himself.  Because it was his thought, too.  More than a thought.  A knowledge so basic and yet so divine it was as if it was carved into his bones.
“No.  No, no, this is all you.  It’s concise.  It’s polite.  It’s...you.  It’s better than he deserves.”
Tony poked again. He wasn’t sure what body part it was this time, but Clint’s head popped up from somewhere further up. “...thefuck, Stark?” he muttered. Nat moved against him, and he petted her hair. “Shh. Just us,” Clint whispered, and she stilled again.
He held her tighter. “Thank you for that,” he said. “Keeping my room the same? It always felt good to know I still had that here.”
It was quiet, and Dodger whined again. Tony restrained himself from just slamming the door open and bursting inside. He needed to go slow. Slow and steady. True, that wasn’t generally his style, but he could do it. He knew he could.
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s gold hair, caressed his high cheekbone with first his fingers, then his lips, thinking of nothing more than the hours and days that stretched ahead of him. Time that, only a few short weeks ago, had looked much dimmer. Much more mundane. Much, much sadder. But now…
kicking him out of bed, but he didn’t. He was too eager for the “going to bed” part of the evening to jeopardize it. “Hey, Starks are veteran couch-sleepers. This is great.”
Tony pressed against him and tongued the spot below his ear.  He’d claimed it as his own once.  He was going to reclaim it now.  “It’s okay,” he said.  “You don’t have to.  You just talk.  I’ll take care of the rest.”
“I don’t want to fight either.”  He smoothed his fingers along the back of Steve’s neck.  “I know we don’t see eye-to-eye but I’m with you on this, baby, okay?  There’s too much at stake for us to be at odds.”
kind of a big deal. At least to me, because that one’s kind of competitive, but I think I can get it. I know I can. And that...you know. It’s nice. Knowing I can do something. That I’m qualified. That I’m good at something, and other people can see that too. It feels good.”
“A fucking dumb-ass kid,” Tony agreed.  “I think what pissed me off most was that we--my mom and I--always felt...optional to him.  You know what I mean?  Like, he had SHIELD, he had his work, he had his projects and designs, and we were just ‘out of sight, out of mind’ for him.”  Tony smiled sadly.  “He took us when we were there, and he left us when we weren’t.  That was hard on my mother.”
He looked up as Tony came nearer and sat on the side of the bed. Tony brushed his fingers over Steve’s cheek, touched his neck. “Feeling a little better?” he asked.
They went to him, hand-in-hand, and knelt in tandem like a couple ready to be wed.  Natasha touched him and he opened his eyes with difficulty.  He looked at her softly, then turned his gaze to Sam.  He raised a wavering hand and Sam took it, unselfconsciously.
Tony moved, trying to lift his legs up over the lip of the bathtub. He thought he was in some kind of shape, but this little endeavor was proving him totally wrong. “Fuck, Steve,” he muttered, grabbed Steve’s ankle to brace himself with, and
“It’s okay,” she whispered. “It’s only a few weeks. Everything’s going to be okay. We’ll all be just fine.”
It was a small ceremony. Just close friends and family. Steve stood up beside Bucky and Clint stood with Nat. Neither Bucky nor Steve wore their dress uniforms, just nice suits and blue ties. Nat insisted on the blue. “It’s my favorite color,” she purred, curling up in Bucky’s lap and running a finger along the line of his jaw as she gazed into the clear blue of his eyes.
“Steven,” she said, and he closed his mouth with a snap. Funny to think that she could still do that to him even after all this time. “I’m serious. I’ll be asleep most of the day anyway, and when I do wake up, I’ll be on pain meds. I won’t even know you’re here.”
beginning to lighten, the sun sending an occasional slash of light onto the ground, and as they slipped through the gate, Morgan chased after each one she saw, while Tony plopped down on a bench. It was wet, but he didn’t care. Hell,
This wasn’t kisses and teasing and cuddling. It was just a quick fuck. That’s all. It was just another form of intoxication. Just another way to forget. Just something to take his mind off of Bucky and Jonathon. And so what if it felt wrong? The drinking felt wrong too, but he still did
Tony leaned against the car and wiped his hands on a rag he pulled from his back pocket.  He looked at Steve.  Steve looked back.  Those lethal eyes were in full effect tonight.  Steve may not believe in their existence, but there they were, killer as ever.  Like Cujo.
“You must.  A warrior’s feast before battle strengthens not only our bodies, but our bonds of brotherhood.  You are as much our brother as any man here.”
Tony looked at the red-rimmed eyes that were trying so hard to be brave, but still seemed so fragile.  “What are you not telling me?”
Tony laughed and pressed his head into Steve’s shoulder. “I so love that your mind went exactly there.”
“Sure,” she said. “Just a minute.” Steve leaned his head against the glass, his breath fogging it up, his eyes shut. “Tony?” the woman’s voice called. “Phone!”
Steve sat forward and Tony grabbed one of the two pillows.  He fluffed it, then put it back, fixing it in place.  “‘Kay.  You’re good.  Lie back.”
He didn’t get home until almost midnight. He picked Dodger up, kissed his mom, and went downstairs and took a shower. He considered not calling Tony, but he wanted to hear his voice. It was a very sleepy voice when he answered, but it was still his.
Bruce slipped behind the wheel of the car.  Tony stepped away and waved as they pulled out and drove down the road.
It didn’t take long to get there, but it seemed like a long time. With Steve beside him, and the thought of what could be waiting for them at the end of the drive, it felt like it took forever. Tony was a good driver, calm and collected under even the worst circumstances, but he missed a turn once, and honked his horn angrily when a guy on a bike darted out in front of him. The guy flipped him off and kept going, and Tony grumbled about it for the next four blocks, while Steve smiled a fond, teasing smile in his direction.
He turned around and grabbed a dishtowel.  “I didn’t know anyone else was in here,” he said.  He dumped the ice into the towel and gathered the edges together.
Steve leaned against the railing, and folded his arms.  He looked tired, defeated as he bowed his head.  “What, then?” he said softly.  “What do you want from me, Tony?”
He turned his head.  Steve was sitting beside him with Sir Purr on his lap.  He was stroking his big hand over the cat’s sides and back.  “You’re a good cat,” Steve murmured so softly Tony could barely hear him.  “Aren’t you?”
He thought, three years ago when he watched him--from a safe distance, of course--hug his mother and Sam good-bye, and climb up onto that bus, that that would be the end of it. They might write to each other a couple of times, or maybe call once or twice, but Steve had made it clear they were over. And even when he was on leave, New York was a big town. Lots of land mass. Lots of people. And Tony didn’t even live here full-time anymore. Neither of them did. Tony split his time between MIT, California, and Manhattan, and Steve...well, Steve lived halfway across the world. How in Christ’s name would he ever see him again? No, he thought that they were done. Like Steve had said. Right up until tonight, Tony sincerely thought he had seen the last of Steven Grant Rogers.
,” Steve said bitterly, gesturing to his own body.  “I was a mess.  Asthma, weak heart, brittle bones--I know you've read my file--I got picked on a lot.  Bucky, he always stood up for me.  Even when we got older and I did stupid stuff and got in fights…”  Hot tears began to prickle the backs of his eyes.  He wiped them and kept his head down.  He waited for Tony to say something, because of course, he would.  He hated Bucky and Steve understood that, but he needed to explain.  He needed Tony to see his side, not the whole picture maybe, but at least a piece of it.
Steve sighed, eyes closing, his body heavy with peace. He turned his face into Tony’s chest and kissed him above his heart. “Favorable,” he mumbled.
When it was someone else’s blood, he found it a little more difficult to be grateful to Dr. Erskine. A little more difficult to think of his own good fortune when someone else’s had turned so sour. He tried. He still tried, but it was harder.
He was standing in the control room.  Back at the Tower.  Malibu was a bust.  A big, sodden, drunken bust.  It was better here.  For real, this time.  There was an energy in New York that just made him feel more alive.  It wasn’t as good as the cabin--as
Tony felt a little ember light in his stomach, but he ground it out with the heel of his metaphorical shoe. “Yeah, well, he’s not staring at me now.”
Steve’s eyes cut away from the group leader for the first time, looking at the ground near where Bruce stood behind him.  “Bruce?”
until they could all get ready for shit like this together. And go together. And be there together. And leave together. Especially the leaving-together part. Tony didn’t mind these parties--he really didn’t--but they would be so much better when he had Steve there with him. Morgan was too young to make snarky comments to, and Howard was too much the subject of his snark. Even if it was starting to become good-natured snark instead of the actual bitching he was used to, Tony still didn’t think Howard would appreciate the humor. But Steve would. He always had.
Tony reached over and flipped the covers down on the left side of the bed.  “Come on,” he said.  “Come to bed.”
“You keep saying that.  But, damn, Steve, you’ve been here for years.  You’re not that different anymore.”
Hot, hungry want ran its rampant course through his body.  He could go up there.  He could climb on top of him, punish him, fuck him until his brains came out of his ears.  Tony could almost see him on the bed sheets beneath him, head thrown back, eyes lidded, sweaty, gorgeous, thoroughly wrecked.
“It is if you want it to be, Steve,” Tony said.  “Come on.  I don’t want to live alone.  I got so used to having people around.  It kind of sucks not having anybody to talk to.”
, Tony, I was.  I was happy that they did that for me, but it hurt too.  Seeing all those people around, just chattering and taking selfies and stuff.  I got so mad.”  He smiled around his thumb then took it out of his mouth.  “It sounds silly now, doesn’t it?  Getting so worked up over such a little thing?”
He turned his attention back to Steve instead. The skin of his neck was right there. Right there as a perfect distraction from his irritation with the stupid people on the stupid movie that were blaming that poor AI for their own incompetence. He brushed his fingers over that smooth bit of skin. It felt good. So good. Almost too good, and he was afraid he would not be able to go another second without putting his mouth on it. Without kissing it just a little. And why shouldn’t he? It was dark. There was a movie on the screen. Nobody would even know what he was doing except for him and Steve. Nobody knew that Tony liked to claim every part of Steve’s body that he could on a nightly basis. The super soldier serum did its job very well. It healed his bruises quickly, which not only hid Tony’s possessive streak, but also gave him a beautifully blank canvas to work with whenever he wanted. And right now, he wanted.
Tony broke reluctantly away, and bent down to gather Sir Purr up into his arms.  The cat gazed at him adoringly and Tony cuddled him, kissing the top of his head.  “I love you, too, Sir Purr.”  He looked at Steve.  “Baby makes three, right, daddy?”
“Daddy!” she squealed, squirming around in his grip. Dodger stood back up, dancing around them, barking happily.
Tony flapped a hand at him. “Don’t ever listen to the first thing I say. That’s only accurate thirty-seven percent of the time.”
Tony gestured toward the open door. “You could stay in the guest room, if you wanted. It’s pretty nice. The bed’s comfy, and there’s a TV. The bathroom’s right across the hall.” He shrugged. “But if you wanted to stay in here, you could. I
with Tony--weighed heavily on him.  Mostly because he didn’t understand what had caused it.  True, they had been in the kitchen when Nat kissed him, and as she’d told him before, public displays of affection made people uncomfortable, but Tony was always very public with his own affection.  Why should the short kiss he and Natasha had shared bother him so much?
He did try to look away when the priest said “Til death do you part”, but he couldn’t do that either.
“I’m a bad-ass, Steve,” Tony said, all the while thanking every god that ever was for Steve Rogers and praying that he’d be able to find him the help he needed.  Rhodey was right--he couldn’t be his shrink, but he could find him the best one.  “You don’t even know how much of a bad-ass I am.”
Natasha plucked the tiny bud out of her ear and put it into his hand, and then they were clutching each other.  She pressed kisses, furious and brief, onto his cheeks and his mouth.  “I missed you,” she whispered harshly.
Sam moved in front of him, looked him squarely in the eye. Tony flinched back a little. Those eyes were usually either calm and warm or filled with a quiet humor, but now they were blazing. “It’s my business because my two best friends are making each other miserable and they won’t get over themselves and knock it the fuck off,” he said in a loud whisper.
Ross was nodding, his phone glued to his ear.  Blood gushed down his face.  “Yes.  I’ll stay right here.”  He ended the call.  Despite his bloody face and severely-canted nose, he looked almost cheerful.  “They’re on their way.”
care about the equally startled look on Morgan’s face, the wide, shocked eyes, the mouth not knowing whether to laugh or cry. But Steve had stopped in his tracks, had turned back toward him, and for the second time that day, Tony was struck by an eerie similarity in expression shared by his daughter and the man he used to love.
When he came back to himself, he was babbling. He heard it. Heard his voice, the pleas coming from it, and even if he could have stopped, he wouldn’t have wanted to. His mouth was saying on its own everything he would have made it say anyway. “Please,” he said. “Baby. Steve. Please. Please, I need you. I need you, baby. Hurry. Please. I want you in me. I need it. Please. Please.”
“He insists he only took the medication his Dr. Baxter prescribed.  And you already know what Baxter said.”
Steve shrugged again, but slid over a bit. There was room, but just barely, and Tony sat pressed against his side. Steve didn’t mind. It was nice. Like hearing the birds overhead was nice. Unexpected, and nice.
He started gathering everything back up, folding old t-shirts and tucking photos back into the drawers.
“No. Hey,” Tony said, and even as he stood up and slipped into the seat beside Steve, even as he put his arm around his quivering shoulders and held him tight against his side, he felt those walls he’d made around his heart crumble, leaving him defenseless.
“What?” Tony said.  “I mean, pretty much, right?”  His voice was light, almost flippant, but he suddenly felt very tense.  He wanted Steve to have this.  He wanted to be able to give it to him.
He strode across the grass and dropped to his knees beside Steve.  He ran his eyes over him, cataloguing the damage, the crushed pelvis, the heavy gash in his side still dribbling thick, ruby blood, assessing the percentage of internal damage, the probability of survival.
The two men looked at it for a moment, both thinking different thoughts about the same man, unified in their love for him.
“Sure,” Steve answered, then glanced down at himself. “I should go clean up first. I look like hell warmed over.”
He didn’t stop. He just turned that blissfully cool handle, opened the door, and walked out of the house.
He pushed all that aside, and tapped his finger on the creases on her brow until she giggled and they smoothed out. “What’s up, peanut?” he said.
Once he was satisfied with his rooms, he went down the hall to the kitchen.  It was still early.  The sun was just coming up over the skyline.  No one else had been here yet.  Steve scooped coffee grounds into the coffeemaker and turned it on.  He didn’t drink coffee--the caffeine made him jittery--but everyone else did, and by unspoken rule, the coffee-pot was kept full from dawn until dusk.  Unspoken by everyone, that was, except Tony, who spoke it enough for everyone else combined.
"I'm Steve Rogers," he said.  "Tony Stark was brought in earlier, um-" He stopped, ran a hand through his hair, unsure of how to continue.  Nat had been tearful and frantic on the phone, repeating
He stood looking up at them, seeing in his head how it would be--getting excited now--thinking how the paint would look on the canvas, how he would use Cerulean blue to get the exact color of the sky overhead. The mountains would be a little more difficult. Ultramarine blue? Maybe. But probably Cobalt. Yeah. Yeah. Cobalt. Mixed with a little white. That would be perfect. Fucking perfect. Where would he get the paints, though? He was sure he could. A lot of people had hobbies. Nobody would begrudge him a limited set of paints so he could--
They climbed the stairs together. Tony blocked the memory of the last time they’d done this from his mind. It had been a long time ago. A
She laid her hand against his cheek and turned his head.  Hope and doubt warred with each other; the battle played out on his face.  “Gone?”
“Sorry, folks,” Tony said, licking his lips to make the taste of Steve last longer on his tongue.  “Show’s over.  Encore performances later in the week.”
Tony barked out a shocked, happy laugh.  “Are you serious?  Oh my god, Stephen, that’s fantastic.  You really know how to bury the lead, don’t you?”
Steve frowned again. That look of concentration was back, but now it was directed at Tony. It hurt his eyes looking at it. Like looking into an eclipse. “Does that mean you like it, or you hate it?” Steve asked.
A wave of gratitude crashed over him.  He put his head on Rhodey’s shoulder.  “When are you going to give in and marry me, James?  You know we belong together.”
She lifted her chin and stared back, her gaze like a dagger.  “No.  He wanted to stay here.  He didn’t want to die in some fucking hospital room.”
Steve ducked his head, smiling a little, a pink blush coloring his cheeks. And oh fuck, Tony had missed that so much. “Maybe that’s part of the reason it didn’t work out,” he said. “Maybe I was too old for him.”
Tony didn’t beg. He didn’t cry. He just calmly said he would not get on the plane if they didn’t stop. “When we get to the airport, I’ll run away,” he said, looking Howard directly in the eye. “You won’t find me. Not until I want you to. And by then airport security will call the cops and it will be all over the news.”
“I won’t give them much,” Tony promised, fingers flying over the keys, inputting his information into the ‘Donate’ section of the site.  “Just a few hundred thousand.”
Howard eyed him speculatively, watching him with a predator’s eye. “Do you know what my objection to you is, Steven?”
“No, you won’t,” Tony said and giggled again. He hadn’t had anything to drink all night except one glass of celebratory champagne two hours ago, so he couldn’t convince himself that this--all of this, this giddy, happy feeling, this warmth in his stomach, this tingly sensation in his nerve endings--was because he was drunk. Steve might be able to make that fly. The proof was right there on the table in front of him. The bottle was half gone, and Tony had no doubt it had been full when he’d started, but Tony himself couldn’t blame anything on drink. Part of him was worried about the consequences of that. Part of him was just glad it was true. You missed a lot when you were drunk. And as fucked up as this was, he wanted to remember it. He wanted to know that he’d been here. That he’d talked to Steve. That he’d made him laugh. He wanted to remember. He wanted to remember it all.
. Just Steve. And it was everything. Everything in the world. Everything in the universe. Nothing existed but Steve. Nothing mattered but Steve. He was the sun. The moon. The stars. He was the grass growing on the plains. The sea crashing on a deserted shore. He was everything Tony had ever seen. And everything he had
Tony came around the corner of the work table and reached out to touch the soft cashmere. “Inciting a mob of horny New Yorkers.”
Tired, aching muscles. Tired, distracted thoughts. Shoulda, woulda, coulda thoughts. Too many thoughts. Dirty. Disheveled. Bloody more often than not. He hated the blood. He thought he should be used to it by now. So many times now, he’d been covered in blood. Either his own or someone else’s.
going to die today.  It might as well be him.  It should be him.  He’d lost Bucky and Sam and Wanda and so many others, but they were coming home.  If the cost was his life, he’d pay it.  Gladly.
Steve was silent for a long time.  Tony kept his arms around him, stayed as close to him as possible.  He was terrified of what Steve would say, terrified that he would turn him away, so he just gripped him harder, waiting to hear his fate.
"I can't.  I've got state inspections at the shelter this week, then the fundraising dinner and auction next week."
Steve took a sip of his drink, his eyes drinking Tony in at the same time over the rim of his glass. “Doing what?” he asked. He already knew the answer. He just wanted to hear Tony say it.
“Morgan,” Tony said, his voice a throaty whisper. “Let’s go see those stingrays, okay? It’s getting late.”
Once Jerry levelled the jet out, he came on the intercom.  “We’re up, Mr. Stark.  You can move around now.  ETA five hours, twenty-one minutes, if this tailwind holds out.”
Tony placed his hand gently on the back of Steve’s neck.  His hair had grown a little longer and Tony ran his fingers through it.  “Did you think you were going to be immortal?” he asked.  His voice was soft but genuinely curious.
“She was running in the house,” Tony said, then shook his head and raised his hand to his temples again. “Howard always told me ‘No running in the house’, but I let her run. I let her run all she wants. And she was just wearing socks--no shoes, because, you know, Howard
She said the same words to Steve as they sat at the kitchen table, her delicate wrist in his hand. “You need to give him time, Steve. This was a shock. Give him time to work through it.”
She looked between them, one dark, one light, both radiating a pure clear sort of energy.  She and Steve were friends, but this was something else.  She didn’t believe in soulmates, but there was an alchemy at work here that was beyond mere friendship, beyond love.  Even being on the fringes of it, she felt exalted.  She could not imagine what it must feel like for the two of them at the center of it.  The thought was both frightening and divine.
Tony put his hands on Steve’s shoulders, pressed his thumbs into either side of his spine and kneaded his muscles, rubbing the tension out of them.
They held each other for a long time, crying, laughing, just being together one last time, and later, when Tony left, Steve lay in Bucky’s bed with his arm over his eyes, telling himself that it was okay. Telling himself that it was for the best. That all he’d ever wanted was for Tony to be happy. And he would be. Now.
He tickled her a little more, then pulled her into his arms, lying with her like spoons, Morgan on the inside. He closed his eyes and cuddled her closer. “You like Steve, don’t you?” he asked, and she nodded immediately.
The bathroom door opened, and Tony counted to thirty with a “mississippi” in between each one before going back in.  It was the coward’s way, maybe, letting Steve take point on this, but Tony was retired.  He didn’t have to be brave anymore if he didn’t want to.
But the door opened right then, and Steve was standing there, so apparently, that part of the song was irrelevant. At least to this situation.
be gone. Three years, Tony.” He laughed again. It stuck in Tony’s ears like barbed wire. “Three fucking
Tony went home after lunch. Howard shook his hand at the car door and grasped his shoulder. It had been as close to a hug as they had probably ever gotten, and Tony left feeling really good. Optimistic.
“We’re not giving up, James, but look at him.  We could kill him just moving him to the bottom of the hill.”
“Mm-hmm,” Tony said, and rolled his hips against Steve’s. He inhaled sharply. “I feel something else too.”
“Baby?” Tony said quietly, and Steve finally looked at him. His eyes were dark and filled with fire. If it hadn’t been directed at him, Tony would have found it knee-bucklingly sexy.
Steve was standing in front of the windows. He had an easel out--Tony hadn’t even known he had one here--and was delicately, meticulously, adding color to the canvas. It was the skyline.
Tony talked for thirty minutes, showing him the improvements he’d made to both maneuverability and weaponry.  Ross, to his credit, seemed pleased, and Tony was beginning to think maybe he didn’t have to hate ol’ Thunderbolt as much as he wanted to, after all.
Steve saw Tony at meetings in the conference room that had become their base of operations, but never outside of there.  Tony still wouldn’t speak to him, and that was fine.  If Steve had a question only Tony could answer, he directed it to the room in general and Tony answered the same way.  It was a way to work together without actually having to
--across Steve’s throat. “There are a few different ways we could use it.” He drew the tie over Steve’s lips, making him whimper. “We could gag you,” he said, “but I think I like the sounds you make too much for that.”
Steve laughed. Just a little. Just enough to make Tony look at him with an eyebrow raised. “I don’t remember him being so fucked up,” Steve said. “I remember him being funny. And smart. And kind.” He moved closer, and slipped one arm around Tony’s waist, tugging him gently into his side. “And pretty good to a kid who was
He leaned back against the door and reached out to Steve. It wasn’t a far reach. “Steve,” he said, and tangled his hand in Steve’s t-shirt.
“Don’t worry,” Bruce muttered.  “I know what I'm doing.  I’ll reroute the ISP and corrupt enough of their files so even if they look, they’ll never know it came from here.”
feeling almost overwhelming.  Tony knew Steve felt it too, had been feeling it almost the whole month they’d been back under the same roof.  Tony knew how to ease it, but still wasn’t sure if Steve wanted him back.  He thought he did.  When he touched his hand just now, he thought it felt like Steve had wanted to touch him too.  He thought it felt like the barrier between them had nearly crumbled.  But thinking and knowing were two different things.
, Tony thought, standing in front of the half-open door, peering inside, trying to decipher the complication of shadows within.
Steve nodded, tilted Tony’s face up with one finger so he could kiss him once again. “I promise,” he said. “I promise, I promise, I promise.”
Steve stood up and nodded.  He was ready.  Nerves be damned, he was ready.  He walked over to the two of them and reached for their hands.  Nat and Clint linked their free hands together, and they stood in a circle.  None of them spoke.  They didn’t really need to .  But, Nat squeezed Steve’s hand in a pattern.  He knew this one, too.
Steve sighed, still watching his own hands. He didn’t even bother trying to hide. Not with Sam. There was literally no point. Sam had seen him at his worst. At his lowest. He had been there, helped him, taken care of him when he didn’t even allow his mother to see. If there was anyone on this earth that he would trust with the absolute truth, it was Sam.
Steve felt bad. He couldn’t help it. He knew it was for the best, but he didn’t like seeing that crestfallen look on Tony’s face. It hurt him for some reason. “This doesn’t count as the coffee I owe you, does it?” he asked, and Tony’s smile lit up again. Like the sun.
He pushed the thought roughly away.  It would happen.  Steve was getting better, was getting stronger, and it would not be long before he would be able to indulge in that fantasy, in all of the fantasies he’d had about Steve over the years, but for now, just having him here, his arms around him, his breath in his mouth, his tongue firm and decisive was enough.  More than enough.
They sat that way for awhile, Clint giving him his support, Steve taking it in.  This was different from Nat's comfort, different from anything he'd ever experienced.  He and Clint were friends--good friends--but they'd never been
“Pfft,” Tony scoffed.  “Semantics.”  Steve glared back at him, but the fondness won out.  Again.  Grinning that Stark grin, Tony leaned over and kissed the side of Steve’s neck, then pushed him up the path toward the cabin.
Steve kept grinning, but he glanced around furtively, saw no one, then leaned over Tony’s chair and pressed a kiss to his mouth. “I am,” he said, and kissed him again. “Very sorry. Very, really sorry.” He lifted one eyebrow. “Do you believe me now?”
“I want to,” he said, then shook his head.  “But don’t tell me.  It really doesn’t matter anymore.  Does it?”
Steve bent his head to kiss Tony’s neck. “Better get over there,” he whispered into his skin. “She’s waiting.”
She scrutinized him for a moment, her sharp eyes boring into his. He let her. He owed her that after everything he'd put her through. Finally, she nodded, satisfied with what she saw, at least for now. “Alright. Go shower, then come help me.”
They came into the kitchen in singles and pairs and took their places around the room.  Thor got there first with Bruce and Rocket.  They did not have a fatted calf, but they cooked a mound of eggs, a mountain of bacon, and dozens of pancakes.  Bruce brewed tea, and Rocket started coffee, a chore he had become very good at, much to Tony’s delight.
Steve sat down next to him and pressed ‘play’ on the remote control.  “Sometimes I think you deliberately try to confuse me,” he said.
Sarah gave his hair one final snip, then brushed a few strays from his shoulders. “There,” she said. “All done.”
Sam let out a breath of his own. He lifted his chin a little. “You do know where he’s going, right?” he asked.
Tony reached out and touched the easel. “This. This stays here. You work right here, okay? Please? For me?”
“Thanks for getting the groceries,” Steve was saying.  “Sorry I haven’t--” but then Tony was kissing him, and all thought was driven out of his head.
like Tony. And the cat-like purr he made convinced him completely. Nobody else had ever made a sound like that when Steve touched them. Nobody else had ever arched so completely into his touch. Just Tony. He did it again just to be sure. The result was the same.
Tony nodded immediately. “Bedroom,” he said, and backed toward the tiny dining room and Steve’s bedroom beyond, pulling Steve with him.
you up there.  I didn’t know where you were.  I didn’t know if you were alive, I didn’t know if you were dead, I didn’t know--” he swallowed hard, “I didn’t know if you were fucking dust.”  Steve stopped, breathing hard, the fury running out of him.  Fresh blood, dark and red, ran from underneath the bandage, staining it.
“Tony,” Strange snapped.  “Help me.”  He grabbed the girl and tried to pull her away, but Steve had her hands locked in his like a vise-grip.
“He asked to see them, Steve,” Sarah said lightly. She was smiling, obviously enjoying this way too much for Steve’s taste. “And you know the rule: guests get what they want.”
Humor was his fallback when he didn’t know what to say or do. It always had been. But his fallback required the use of his brain, and it was failing him. All he could think about were the implications of
Bucky’s brow furrowed.  “You sure?”  He took a step closer, lifted his head a little, unconsciously--and symbolically--baring his throat.  “It’s okay, you know.”  That little smile again, but this time it stayed, sad and understanding.  “I deserve it.  And no one would ever know.”
Thor answered the question for him.  He saw Steve in the doorway, and held out his hand, beckoning him inside.
“Yeah.  Not to spy on you or anything, just to make sure you were alright.”  Tony let out a breath and ran a distracted hand through his hair.  “I should have asked you who you wanted to be your contact.  Sorry.  Sometimes I do things...well, you know.”  He raised his voice a little.  “FRIDAY, change Captain Rogers’ contact for Protocol 713-B to Natasha Rom--”
