She removes her fingers from the base of her skull, looks down at her hand, and grimaces: her fingers are covered in a combination of sweat, concrete dust, and hair oil, the build-up of at least a day's worth of workshop, travel, and battle time, all spent without bathing.  Tony becomes aware of a familiar uncomfortable, all-over itching sensation caused by the fine layer of grime coating her skin--which is easy enough to ignore under stress, but intolerable now that other pressing needs are taken care of and she's got a moment to actually
The portal's picked up speed; its gravitational pull is far more powerful than it was just seconds ago and still increasing at an alarming rate.  Tony hastily activates her repulsors, cursing her own inattention, but her sensors are going balls to the wall nuts and she realizes--
"Oh, that's funny, oh, you're so fucking funny I--
"--Tony," Steve says, scandalized, and simultaneously Man-Tony replies, "Well, I'd have to call Pepper first..."
"I got torn out of my suit by the Hulk," Tony defends, both hands clenched tight over his despite the lightness of her words. "What's your excuse?"
"Remember to eat tonight, Stark," Natasha says before the elevator doors close, raising one well-shaped eyebrow threateningly.
"Does that mean Bruce and I are paired in your dimension?" Natasha asks, a rather unholy kind of speculation in her eyes as she looks at Tony.  Bruce shifts uncomfortably.
Tony waits more or less patiently up on the roof for Steve to finish talking.  She plants herself on the furthest ledge, her legs dangling off into oblivion, and entertains herself for the first several minutes by searching out all the minute differences in the New York city skyline.
," she whines, huffing and panting, the muscles in her neck straining as he works her, steady and patient even as her thighs seize against his shoulders.  He's murmuring encouragement, eyes fixed on her face, and with a shrieking moan that whistles out of her like a teakettle Tony slides over the apex and
She takes a moment to lean back and eyeball him again (not that she wasn't ogling him in the suit, too, but cameras, even if they're
"So." He removes his glasses and looks at Tony with that speculative gleam he gets in the lab sometimes. "From what we've seen, it seems safe to say you're from an alternate reality."
miss their home so much it feels like they could stop breathing.
of it, and she groans unashamedly, dropping her head to press it against the pillows.
fuck me," she begs desperately, nearly frenzied with how much she needs him to do
Tony sighs and deflates minutely, bracing a hand on her hip.  She scrubs a hand through her hair tiredly, already weary of this pointless, self-induced thought puzzle.  It's already obvious she's not going to figure it out without some help.  She'll just have to bounce it off Steve later.
the last person in the world to see it, because holy shit the movie mythos is a loooooot different than the canon.
"I had nothing to lose. I mean, he already hates me," she points out, rubbing her temples slowly. "Worst case scenario, nothing changes. He won't kick us out; that would go against his sense of duty."
Tony stiffens on the bed, sitting up as much as possible despite the pain it causes her ribs.  She glares at the door as it opens, expecting Mystery Asshole again or maybe even Natasha, but instead another familiar face steps through.
"Cheers to genius," her counterpart declares after pouring them a finger of brandy each. Their glasses clink, and the sound of the crystal rings as Tony tosses back her head and drinks half of it down in one gulp.
what kind of miseries they must have collectively been through.  Some real, serious shit must have gone down, to fuck everyone up so badly.  Because Tony?  Tony's
close, but the other three rooms are all the way at the end of the hall, well away from the master suite and designed with an obvious emphasis on privacy.  Tony is very surprised her counterpart is putting them here, because in Tony's tower, this room is strictly Pepper's.  The only other person who uses it is Bucky, and occasionally Bucky's soulmate, and that's only after a seriously exhausting mission or a night of particularly heavy drinking.  No one else, not even Rhodey, stays in this particular suite.
She pauses a moment to enjoy the view.
"Apparently not," Steve says quietly, and Tony feels his gentle fingers brush over hers in the crook of his elbow. The touch makes her feel a little better, but it doesn't fully erase the heavy ball of disappointment that sits low in her stomach.
Meantime, enjoy!
, these little high, fucked-out noises he's forcing out of her on every thrust.  She's laying almost completely flat on the bed now, her limbs having completely failed to bear her up against his strength.  Luckily, he's taken it in stride, carefully cradling her as she folds under him, his big hands splayed warm against her stomach.
The arc reactor glowing through his shirt.
"What's going on here?" he continues almost accusatorially, looking at them with flinty eyes as if Tony and Tony somehow have something to do with Doctor Strange's uninvited appearance on the top of the Tower.
Shut up, Barton; you know what I mean," she adds when Clint opens his mouth to inevitably make some stupid joke about Buddhism or hippies or something.
Tony raises her eyebrows and looks pointedly at her wrists. "Really?"
"Reactor's not poking you, is it?" Tony mumbles into Steve's collarbone, slipping one arm up around his neck so she can feel his soft, clean hair against her skin.  Steve chuffs and shifts so that his cheek is pressing against the top of her head, probably getting dust all in his face.
"I am not discussing my sexual urges with you, Barton," Tony says flatly.  Then, "In this universe," she amends.  Clint raises his hands placatingly.
"Party on the roof," her counterpart declares, throwing his hands up helpfully.
"What do you mean, 'unfortunately,'" Tony's counterpart says, looking visibly offended by the implication Tony's presence here could be construed as negative. His change in attitude, now that they're on the same wavelength, is actually kind of touching; he's gone from death threats to papa bear in less than twenty-four hours.  Normally, Tony would verbally acknowledge the emotional progress he's made--she's all about learning to reduce team-wide angst, which seems to be particularly abundant here--but: they're currently alone, suit-less, and have low to middling chances of being thrown off the Tower roof should combat ensue.
"I get to have this," she reminds herself out loud. "I get to have this
"Okay, teenage romance cliches and Barton's spawn aside," Man-Tony says finally, changing the subject, "I think there's a very important question to answer here."  He gives Tony an unusually serious look.  Tony, who knows exactly what he's thinking, returns it for a moment and then sighs.
She's drawing back, and she's just about to try and get him to face-fuck her when he pulls her off abruptly, leaving a trail of spit down her chin.  She makes a frustrated noise and chases his dick, then glares up at him with a prickle of annoyance.
" disembodied Tony says, followed by Steve confirming, "
"Done letting Clint poke it?" Tony offers as she comes over to meet him, grabbing his full attention. Steve smiles and hefts the lumpy bundle in his arms.
"Yup," her counterpart says, looking as satisfied as she feels.
He shifts behind her and her heart speeds up, anticipation building.  She feels the tip of him brush against her as he lines himself up, and she moans, pressing back with her hips impatiently until he slides those first few inches in.  Something inside her uncoils with the
Tony idly absorbs all of this from her prone position amid a cast of battle-ready heroes and a startled Doctor Strange, and, slowly but surely, she feels the steady, rhythmic throb of an impending stress headache fire up just behind her temples.
Several seconds pass in tense silence, until suddenly he snaps. He slams his hands on the table and rounds on her; she flinches at the sound, stumbling back a step as he finishes turning to face her. Tony just stares at him like a deer in the headlights. She's looking, she's staring right at his expression, but despite all that she still feels like she can't accurately describe what she sees.
Also AO3 definitely fucked all my italics again, I'll go back and fix them tomorrow but now I have to go pass out hahaha
"Pop quiz, Bruce," Tony says to begin her explanation. "Who does Tony Stark hate more than anyone else on Earth?"
"You've got some real nasty bumps, there," he says after a moment of awkward silence, nodding to her bicep, and probably also indicating the other various scrapes and dings Tony can't see but always has. "Mind if I take a look?"
He's so, so beautiful.
She's
"The first time we met, I bled on your armor," Steve reminds her pointedly, then before Tony can react, he swoops in to nip playfully at her neck.  Tony jerks and squeals in surprise, then laughs in delight as his growing stubble tickles against her skin.
"Come, darling dearest; let's make ourselves fit for public consumption," Tony declares, flinging the sheet off herself and hopping out of bed.  Steve snorts and slaps the billowing fabric away with a shake of his head, but he still helps Tony get back into her pants and underwear without straining her ribs.
"Jesus Christ," Steve chokes out on a strangled moan, fingers spasming against her scalp.  She nuzzles her nose against his pubic hair and hums contentedly, closing her eyes to just enjoy the feeling of him pressing on her tongue, in her throat, stretching her lips wide around his thick base.  It's delicious, the feeling of heaviness and fullness in her mouth and throat, the way she can feel his pulse racing and his hands twitching.
"Nice try, Rosie the Riveter," he quips, quirking an eyebrow.  He exchanges a look with Natasha before shaking his head and stalking out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
"Who the fuck is this," she asks her counterpart flatly.
In which Bucky meets his soulmate--or, near-immortality can leave you pretty emotionally stunted.
Steve, as they part and stroll together towards the Quinjet and the future, does not disagree.
"I'll be right behind you," Steve confirms, steering her towards the elevators with a gentle bit firm hand.  He's using that tone that stubbornly brooks no argument.  He's about to do something brave--or stupid.
"Hey, Patriarchy," she barks at her counterpart, who jumps guiltily where he'd been trying to slink out of the room without anyone noticing. "You heard Scully and Mulder. You've been down in the lab as long as I have, so if I'm being forced to ingest comestibles right now, I think you should be, too. Fair's only fair, after all."
He flinches, hard, and stops what he's doing, facing away from her. His knuckles clench white on the edge of the table, so hard the metal creaks. His whole body is stiff, and all the muscles she can see are so tense, she herself starts tensing warily.
"Alright, whoa; calm down, Cap," Man-Tony says, glancing between them with a look of--horror?  Interest?  It's honestly hard to tell-- "Just wanted to let you know that Thor, uh, just arrived from Asgard.  He's waiting upstairs."
"Me, too," he agrees, gently nudging her forward with the hand on her head, the other moving to touch her arm. "Come here."
, but he's a good kisser.
EDIT: Went back and made some general changes; things should be more polished and less clunky this time around <3 (Also AO3 y u always remove my formatting,
"I'm hopping in the shower," she declares again, speaking loudly to cover her sudden nervousness. "You're welcome to join me, obviously; it's more than big enough for two people."  Then she hurries inside, like a coward, and shuts the door to the bathroom.
"Tony," Steve chides playfully, raising a brow at her before dipping his head back down to tongue right at where his words on her breast say 'shut up'.
They don't stick around to see the reactions; Tony has too much bed with too little Steve in it, which is remedied as soon as they're in her room with the lights dimmed.
This doesn't make any
He rolls over with a groan, then adds, "And also, trespassing."
(She doesn't see Clint place a comforting hand on the Captain's shoulder, or the soft, sympathetic look that Natasha gives him when no one's looking.)
Ten minutes later, Tony has finished explaining in slow, careful detail the basics of the soulmate system.
Steve takes this behavior with his usual amount of grace, and wordlessly turns his raised eyebrow to Not-Tony.
of you," Clint says seriously, pointing an accusatory finger back into the room.  His eyes sear into them like LASERs. "Or you'll wake up to being waterboarded by Gatorade."
"I see," Man-Tony says, watching as Steve finishes with Tony's other cuff. "Well, I, or rather Pepper, can help with the second, so, follow me.  Cap, you're welcome to come too, if you want."
Now, having successfully survived to see her 40s, Tony's been told to shut up more times than she can count.  Investors, thugs, college boys, secret agents, generalized assholes: take your pick.  Developing a big mouth was probably a poor coping mechanism for her words, but she's also hot as fuck and has a black belt in six different martial arts, so.
"Yeah," he says quietly,  "I figured that's what you'd say about it."  His eyes skim over her. "Didn't seem like you noticed the looks he was giving you earlier.  He
He nearly rips Scott's throat out in the spring during a training sim when the asshole makes a fucking joke about his mark (which is on his knuckles; goddamn piece of shit soulmate), so when the Avengers put out an SOS for help in NYC the next day, he's sent off with six or seven others to help. Apparently Charles thinks a change of scenery will be good for him.
"Too bad," she lashes back, gratified to see him flinch. "Only way to do that is to never look in a mirror."
"Hey," Logan says quietly, drawing back, "don't worry about any of that. I've been shot through the head and lived, Buck; you can't hurt me. Besides," he adds, pushing his claws out of his free hand, the metal glinting in the sunlight, "you think I was born with these?"
Steve's still looking at her. "Do you want me to go with you?" he asks. Tony appreciates that he makes it an offer, not a demand.
Even now, every time Steve turns over the contents of the sentence itself in his mind (though calling such a frantic run-on a "sentence" might be a little generous), he finds something else interesting.  He was ruminating on his words a few weeks after waking up while he released all his pent-up tension on a punching bag in the local gym, when for the first time it hit him how lucky he was.  Most people's first words aren't so long, nor are they so easy to identify--Steve's known plenty of people who had marks that said things like, "It's a pleasure to meet you," or "Sorry; pardon me."  Steve, on the other hand, is lucky enough he'll absolutely
"You can probably fast forward to the end of the battle," Tony says quietly in real life, making everyone jump.  They all stare at her for a minute, and she stares steadily at the screen where Steve's smiling at her fondly through the cowl, wind forcing his pretty blue eyes to squint as the buildings fly by behind him. "You've seen enough of this part."
The elevator doors open behind them before Tony can say anything else or, god forbid, Not-Steve can ask anymore uncomfortably personal questions about Bucky or Logan, and Clint pokes his head out.
And with that, Tony makes a very dignified exit.
There's a moment where they just look at each other, and Tony glances away first, feeling shy for the first time in years.  Steve's expression is soft as he leans in to kiss her, so sweet and slow that it's almost painful.  She reaches up and touches his words, fingers smoothing over his bicep, and he shudders, pulling away.  When he opens his eyes again, they've gone dark, and she knows before he moves that he's going to go down  between her legs (pun intended).
"So.  I'm guessing you guys
as best she can with her mouth full.
"Sorry, go ahead," she says, since JARVIS has obviously been waiting.
Despite being sweaty, dirty, and bloody, with a couple gaping holes in his uniform, he looks utterly
"Ah, Steve, you shit, you
just seems...dimmer.
"Steve," Tony husks in disbelief--he's
Logan barks a laugh. "Believe me, when your words showed up in 1917, I was pretty pissed off." He offers Bucky his knuckles, and his soulmate reaches out with his flesh hand like he can't even stop himself, breath hitching as he traces his chicken scratch writing on Logan's body. "Made me think I was gonna wait almost a century just to have you die right after."
Tony can hear her male counterpart on the other side of the roof making very clear
"J?" She tries to trigger him again, but she isn't getting any response. "J, you read me?" Goddammit.
Steve looks at her thoughtfully for a moment, considering.  Tony stares back at him, bemused, as the silence stretched on, and feels a flicker of alarm when his eyes begin to glitter mischievously.  She leans away in the circle of his arms, giving him a warning glance as he cuts off her escape and slowly pulls her in.
"Are you wiping your sweat on me?" Steve asks suspiciously above her, his discreet murmur sounding both amused and distinctly unimpressed.
Steve reaches behind himself and pulls out a large plastic shower caddy, quirking his eyebrows in amusement when Tony gives the nearly twenty bottles inside of it a disbelieving look.  "Our generous host thought I might want something a little less... floral."
.  He no longer knew where he would go, after the war.  How he would cope.
"I hope that's for me," she murmurs against his lips when she brushes his erection with her hips, and he huffs a laugh.
"Your thing for working women is silly," she scolds him, shaking her head. Steve, as usual, is entirely unrepentant, mischief lurking in his eyes.
open his fat mouth and completely ruins her efforts on their collective behalf.
Steve's looking at her now, a little angrier, and blurts out as if he can't help it, "And that's it?"
"I'm going back to bed," says Clint, bow and quiver still slung over his shoulder as he troops unceremoniously over towards the elevator, which JARVIS opens for him without being asked. "Anybody else?" he asks the room at large with a pointedly raised eyebrow.
Steve), meanwhile, is still barefoot, and still wearing the exact same borrowed t-shirt and sweatpants.
seem to have bothered putting his gloves on in whatever scant seconds he had before they all came storming up here, Tony's ninety percent certain those are slippers on his feet. Steve (
Tony pauses. "'Unknown element.'" she repeats. "How exactly am
experiencing vertigo, here--y'know, a condition that's specifically aggravated by
"For a man's man, Logan, you can be awfully sensitive," Ororo says drily on the jet ride there. Peter snickers. Logan just snarls.
relationship."
She can practically feel Mystery Asshole frown at her, but Tony doesn't bother using any of her strength to lift herself off the bed and posture.  Instead, she just watches him glare his way into the room and idly catalogues things--his clipped but purposeful walk, the oil stains on his forearms, the tool callouses on his hands.
Now that she's thinking rationally, Tony's fairly surprised she missed the arc reactor their first go around--it's pretty obvious, though, then again, she can see how she'd miss it, since earlier, she wasn't really looking.
It's a good thing she's alone, because her first view of the bathroom is such an exciting sight, Tony makes a bright, high-pitched sound that's entirely inappropriate for a woman her age.
For all her bluster and hero play, Tony actually really hates confrontation. And her counterpart hasn't exactly been welcoming, to be fair, but Tony is also self-aware enough to recognize that that reasoning in itself is just an invented excuse to avoid him. If someone dropped in on her doorstep wearing an Iron Man suit, she'd have the same reaction.
Bruce looks at her quietly for a moment. "Thanks for telling us," he says finally. There's the smallest crease of worry in his brow, probably for the state of Man-Tony's already fragile mental health. Clint, meanwhile, watches everyone with unsettlingly perceptive eyes, then looks at the clock.
seem like more appropriate descriptions.  It stretches all the way from the toilet room to the shower, consuming the entire far corner of the bathroom as well as a sizable portion of the central space.  Tony's too excited to do more than approximate measurements, but the side nearest to her is probably ten feet long, and the shape is roughly an isosceles triangle, so without worrying too much about the extra bits of the polygon, the soaking tub has a surface area of roughly 25 square feet.
There's more action down here on the streets: he can just see Captain America's shield blur past before the man himself catches it, way down the block nearly out of Logan's sightline. Iron Man shrieks past several stories above, twisting to evade the missile fire the bots are laying on him. A distant explosion, followed by an angry bellow, gives away the position of the Hulk. It's an impressive shitshow.
By the time Steve went down in that plane at age twenty-seven, he figured he wasn't gonna get any.  He was an odd case, to be sure, but it wasn't like having no words at his age was
Eventually, Tony runs out of things to judge silently, and ends up standing at the bottom of the lab stairway contemplating the very closed, very locked door.
After only a few moments poking around, Tony finds the bathroom.  She steps through an open doorway, and soft lights come up, illuminating the room.
The abrupt lurch of the motion rips her glass from her hand, brandy and all, and sends it flying off the roof. Tony follows its fall, transfixed, as her world tilts on its axis.
Growing up, Steve's mother always assured him that his words would show up someday.
"I had a word with my counterpart, after you headed up," he tells her first.  One of his hands drifts up absently to touch her face.
"The sooner I start going through spell books, the sooner I'll find it," he's saying, voice moving from the foreground to somewhere over to her left.  Tony can't really hear him over the strange, staticky noise rushing in her ears.
"Did you get any footage of the portal that dropped me off here?" Tony asks finally with a strange feeling of...not quite resignation; it's a little more positive than that.  Acceptance, maybe.  That's the best word she can think of.
The other X-Men are already in the fray. Thunder booms, and out of the corner of his eye, he sees Peter rip a bot in half before he and Kurt vanish in a cloud of smoke.
Steve turns to look at her and stills, two loaves of multigrain in his hands. Tony's heart sinks in her chest behind the arc reactor, and she swallows against a sudden, unexpected dryness in her throat, blinking back moisture that wasn't in her eyes a moment ago. She risks a glance at Steve and is immediately glad she did, because the solemn, knowing sadness she sees on his face matches the ache she feels in her heart right now.
Tony sighs and shifts, inhales deeply and gives herself a moment to enjoy his warm, sleepy Steve smell (which is creepy as hell, she's fully aware, but y'know what, they're engaged, it's fine).  He somehow manages to still smell good, despite their ordeal, but underneath his natural, familiar scent Tony gets smoke and metal and concrete, a not unfamiliar mix: the smell of a recent battle.
"Once I cooled off and thought about it, I realized you were right," he admits quietly, looking down at his lap with a tired expression. "I was grafting my feelings onto you." He looks up at her. "Sorry about that."
"...I suppose we have to wait for Thor to get back," Steve admits reluctantly, after a moment of thought. "It's not optimal, but for now it's all we can do.  Unless the portal acts up again, Thor is our only lead."
.  It tore him up that all the people he loved couldn't be there to see it, and still does, but...
"I don't know if it's any better or worse than what we've got," he says, his mouth quiet and grim, "But some things do seem to be a whole lot harder."
and she almost wants to tell Steve to stop but she can't, every cell in her body wound up tight enough to burst, until suddenly just when she thinks she might pass out she crests the peak and the wire snaps.
With Steve's strength and a little bit of patience, together, they return her to her feet (the caveat being that Tony's still supported by his grip). She's wobbly as a colt, but she at least feels like she possesses some modicum of dignity when she tells Doctor Strange goodbye.
" Natasha adds casually.  There's a crackle that sounds suspiciously like Bruce clearing his throat.
after a
Steve's reaction is hilarious. He looks like Tony's just punched him in the gut, but in a positive way, if that makes sense. Tony doesn't really care if it does, because now that he's recovered his pretty blue eyes are going all dark and hooded and--that's a smirk. Captain America is
Tony hits a wall.
"Sorry; this...this is really not how I had hoped this would go," he admits, frowning through his impressively styled goatee. "I'm Doctor Stephen Strange, Sorcerer Supreme."
"I feel like there are some important details you're not telling us," the red-head finally drawls, eyes flicking up to meet hers.  Tony feels terribly transparent.
"I'm ready to talk about the suit now," Tony says, because she feels like that's a good way to get out of her current situation.
echoes through the lab, followed by a vibrant curse. Man-Tony pops up from behind his work, glaring at her and running an oil-stained hand over the back of his head.
, when he puts it that way.
"Well, I wouldn't call it
Clint snorts at the joke, and Steve's eyes twinkle. Tony boards the elevator feeling significantly better, but the sense of levity fades rapidly as JARVIS carries her back to the lab.
shove your size seven foot in your mouth and
She reaches forward to brace herself against the headboard as his thrusts speed up, because it immediately becomes clear that if she doesn't, she's going to end up face-planting against it while he fucks her up the squeaking bed.  The other thing that's rapidly becoming clear is that she's going to come a second time, from his dick alone.
end in someone force-feeding me?" Man-Tony says, griping on as they approach the kitchen.
And with that, Tony huffs and steps back.
"God, I'm a piece of work," she mutters to the room at large. She leans back in the chair and thinks back to the damage she saw on her suit earlier, and begins drafting a rough repair plan in her mind while she waits patiently for Sleeping Beauty to wake.
"Oh, you have
"Tony," Steve cuts in gently, squeezing his hand against her side and placing his free hand over her right.  It's bunched up tight in his shirt, and--was she pulling on him?  When did she start doing that; she didn't even realize-- "Tony," Steve says again, and this time he makes her meet his eyes.
" Tony says, as she tries to turn (with Steve's help) and promptly trips over her own ankle. Steve, after they recover, stares down at her wordlessly for a moment, then gets that look in his eye that means he's about to do something that Tony might not enjoy.
"Look, this is clearly a bad time, so--I'll let you guys, uh, emerge at your own speed," Anthony says finally, glancing at each of them.  Tony smiles and waggles her fingers at him mockingly, and he scowls at her in response before finally leaving the room.
"Look, I'm not here to judge you--" He snorts; Tony barrels on, "--no, honestly, I'm not, really. There is nothing I'd love more right now than to get out of your hair so we can both get on with our lives, but I think we both know that at this point, it's not going to happen. So can we maybe, I don't know, make some sort of truce, or something? Look, I don't hate you;
"Steve, don't you dare--STEVE!"
"I was doing
Later, in a fit of half grief-induced stupidity ("bravery," Bucky might call it sarcastically) brought on by the call, Steve asked Director Fury about his words in a one-on-one meeting.  He didn't bother pretending Fury is unaware of what they are: the man probably had them memorized days before Steve even thawed.  It isn't meant to be a probe.  Mostly, Steve's curious why SHIELD hadn't informed him of his mark as soon as he woke up, why it wasn't used as a bargaining chip to get Steve to stay or be still or stand down, or do any number of things their organization might have found useful.
"...The last time she drank anything?" a man's voice is asking someone quietly once the worst of the feeling passes, the outside world finally audible again now that the rushing water between her ears has quieted to a lull.
After some searching, she finds the Emergency Lab Nap blanket stuffed in the back of some desk drawer and drapes it over him. He snuffles a little and shifts in his sleep, but settles back down right away with a puff of air. Tony shakes her head.
"I'm gonna go use the bathroom," she declares with a tone that brooks no argument. "That gives you anywhere from five to ten minutes to mull this over, depending on how long it takes me to poop."
. She twists, trying to catch a glimpse of him over her shoulder.  Then her eyes meet his, and what she sees in his face in that moment makes her feel as though time has crawled to a halt.
Steve laughs, moving up her body and planting kisses at he goes, before kissing her cheek.  She makes a face and shoves a pillow at him.
Tony's mouth feels like it's full of cotton.  She tries to open her eyes, but just as quickly she's shutting them with a wince--someone's got the brights on in here, what the
when he meets his soulmate--there isn't a snowball's chance in hell of someone else rattling off this garbage heap.  All the folks he knew with "Likewise," and "My pleasure," tattooed on their arms would have killed to be able to greet their match with such certainty.
"...Predictable," Bruce finishes drily, his timing impeccable as always.
" Clint's voice says immediately, as per usual.
"I can do it myself," Tony complains when he bats her hands away from the zipper.  Steve zips her up without comment, then kisses the top of her head.
"This okay?" her counterpart--Tony--asks them, raising his eyebrows at her specifically.  It feels like a loaded question.
Tony, supine and now feeling the warmth of the brandy she threw back minutes ago seeping into her veins, takes in the stare-down in the gritty, atmospheric lighting of the rooftop with the same magnanimous air she imagines a queen might have had just before watching a royal joust. Her eyes rove over to the other side of the roof, and she idly takes stock of her teammates.
Steve raises a sardonic eyebrow. "Gold star."
Tony stares at Bruce as he shuffles in, carrying a tray of what looks like medical supplies, and shuts the door with his foot.
"Long as you're comfortable," Tony replies simply, stretching when he thumbs her nipple.  Safe sex is good sex, after all.  She hums happily and turns over in his arms to press back against him, bracing herself against the sheets.
But the shower is not what makes Tony most excited.  No, that honor is exclusively reserved for the soaking tub.
"Did you hear me?" he asks again, face warping into an expression of mock curiosity, a sign he's well and truly mad. "I told you to
"Sounds reasonable," Man-Tony agrees, picking a small piece of gravel out of his own clothing and flicking it off idly into some shadowy corner of the roof. He looks back at the rest of the party, whose eyes are on him, and cocks his head jauntily towards the elevator. "Let's move this party down to the lounge, shall we?"
I do--HAH!"
"Yes, ma'am," Steve drawls, rising from the bench to join her.
"What is this, his entire grooming kit?" Tony asks incredulously, selecting a bottle at random and making a face when it turns out to be beard shampoo.  She replaces the bottle in the caddy and eyeing it dubiously, resisting the urge to shake her head. "God, he might as well have given you the whole shower..."
"You're as bad as Pepper," he says, as if that offends him.
to.  Sounds of rustling come from Doctor Strange's direction as he rises from the couch, sounds that are echoed around the room as others follow his lead, bodies following the shift in conversation as the Doctor clearly prepares to leave.
Tony's head hurts.
"They tried that for a while; it didn't stick."
She grinds down against him again, just to feel the friction as he presses against her core before she pulls her mouth from his, tongue darting out to lick her lips.
Steve, he doesn't even
Through the haze, there are shouts, but Tony's down for the count and can't hear anything more than the sound of her own pulse rushing between her ears, that strange, ocean-y sound like windy static rising and obscuring everything else, whiting out her vision as she crumples to the floor. The only thing she's aware of is the strong, firm touch of an arm around her back, grounding her.  Then, many strong but gentle hands are suddenly there, reaching and cradling Tony's limbs as she reels.  She feels a hot wash of fear as they lower her to what she knows must be the floor, even if she, Tony, has lost all sense of gravity, everything spinning and spinning.
"Turns out I'm not a
"I needed an adult," Tony explains, just as Steve finishes her first sleeve and starts in on the second. "And also, clothes.  Steve can only help me with one of those things, so, here we are."
"Not much; just suit repairs," Tony says with a smile.
"None currently, Miss; as far as my sensors can tell this is some kind of--" JARVIS cuts off, static garbling whatever he was going to say next.  Tony frowns as her display flickers.
Her frantic chattering continues obliviously as Steve admires her, already aware of what her next words will be, and thinks that she's as bold, outspoken, and nervous as he expected her to be while he was mulling over his words these past few months.  She reaches out and presses her armor-covered hands almost hesitantly to his leg, glancing up at his face nervously as if Steve might object to having her hands on him. "Uhh, here, I'll just--put some pressure on this, this delicious thigh of yours--" Stark blurts, eyes darting to his with a spark of panic as she realizes what she's just said. "--holy shit I need to shut up--"
Since the moment he stormed out of SHIELD's carefully constructed hospital room, everything around him has been bright, loud, and dirty.  New York was dirty in the forties, too, but here, in the
" he admits, "but he
"Is chicken salad good with both of you?" Steve asks then, before the moment can stretch on too long and become an uncomfortable silence. Tony's grateful for the interjection--grateful just for his presence, frankly.
He's going to meet his soulmate, whoever they are, in a battle situation--or something like one.  At the very least, Steve himself will be injured.  He'll have taken a wound to the thigh, and apparently a pretty bloody one.  How bad it is is unclear; he has enough experience to know some injuries look worse than they are.  His soulmate clearly doesn't work in the medical field, but has enough basic knowledge to know to put pressure on a bleeding wound.  They'll have to be willing to get their hands dirty (of what seems to be their own initiative), so they clearly have some strength of character, besides that--and they claim to have metal with them, so maybe he or she is a soldier?  A mechanic?  An engineer?  Regardless of the specific details (and the fact that the way Steve's soulmate speaks is almost jarringly modern), one thing about the whole run-on is incredibly clear: Steve's soulmate, whoever he or she might be, is a real, unabashed firecracker.  Panicking slightly, yes, but clearly a strong personality with a lot of grit and a hell of a lot of determination.  Beyond that, they're also selfless (or at least considerate enough to try and do something about a stranger's bleeding leg wound), forward, attracted to him to the point that it temporarily overwhelms their worry, and very obviously used to putting their foot in their own mouth when stressed.
stared back at him as his feet warmed the tile, each letter scrawled out on his skin in messy, loopy black.
"But we don't necessarily
Doctor Strange glances at him approvingly, which is as good as saying it aloud.
Logan just laughs.
"Will do," Tony responds.
, I'm going to be
Instead, he spends the rest of the night in his room with a tumbler of whiskey until the irritation buzzing around in his head like a fly dims enough that he can sleep.
"Yeah, speaking of that," Man-Tony says, voice gaining some strength, "You are one ruthless, cold-hearted bitch."
This-Steve seems to still be absorbing all of this. "And...you and I...?" he says, looking at her with a furrowed brow and that pinched-mouth thing he gets when he's upset.
The hands pull away, and Tony, who feels like the world is doing somersaults around her person, panics for a moment and reaches out blindly for the ground, surprised when she encounters a familiar-feeling arm, instead.  She grabs onto it desperately all the same, clinging to it gratefully like an anchor in the storm.
"Her intimate knowledge of the tower's systems prevented me, sir," is JARVIS's apologetic reply. Tony hides her smirk behind her hand and pretends not to see the angry look that Man-Tony shoots her.
cameras, can only convey so much).
"Really?  Soulmates?" Man-Tony says, voice and expression condescending. "That's what you're going with?"
that he used to use on the pretty girls in France, and replies, "Only if I get to return the favor."
"Captain Rogers is outside, requesting entrance," JARVIS informs her smoothly.
Her grin is positively wicked.  Steve helps her up, not once looking away from her face as she presses close to him even through the armor, and thinks that she, the woman with whom he'll be spending the rest of his life, looks like the cat who caught the canary.
"I don't know, Steve; you figure out the rest," Tony decides, folding forward over the countertop with her chin in her hands. "I'm an invalid; I can't be expected to make decisions."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Steve asks as they head out into the bedroom, a frown creeping over his features.
"I also know for a
, Tony thinks as they board the elevator together,
It's been dark out for a while by the time Tony reattaches the last joint on the faceplate. Her back makes a horrendous popping sound when she straightens, and she groans, lifting her arms to stretch all the parts of her body that ache from stooping over a workbench all day--which is most of them.
" she says as she clunks a few steps forward and charges out of the open window.
Natasha just nods.  Steve looks conflicted for a moment, but finally he reaches out and places a hand on her shoulder.
This version of Steve is--well.  From what Tony can see, he's mostly the same.  But there's one huge, glaring difference exposed by the gray t-shirt he's wearing.
"The human body's too weak to maintain a lot of powerful magic," he explains, glancing around the room at all of them. "So relics--objects--are made to do the work, instead.  The relic holds the magic, and the user wields it."
"OKAY, bath products!" her man-self immediately says loudly, turning on his heel as Steve chokes on his own saliva and shock.  Within seconds, her counterpart has beaten a hasty retreat, excusing himself from the room while Steve is still recovering.  The door to the suite closes loudly behind him.  Meanwhile, Tony finishes unzipping her jeggings and begins shimmying them down her thighs.
After Charles helps him get the words back, he stops keeping track of hospitals and nursing homes.
"Thanks for all your help," Steve says to him, purely and utterly serious. Ahh, the sincerity: it's one of those things Tony loves about Steve, among his many other positives.
Steve, lucid but clearly worse for the wear, has managed to sit up some and pulled the cowl down around his neck; he smiles at her gently.
He takes off his underwear, and Tony--
Logan has always thought it's convenient that his words explain how a nearly immortal guy might feasibly meet his soulmate.
Steve thinks for a moment. "I can't get sick," he admits, rubbing himself against her thigh languidly, "so...we can go without, I suppose."
"Yeeeees," her keeper says slowly, narrowing his eyes as he draws out the word.  He's suspicious of her--it's fine; she would be, too.
"I...suppose it would have to be himself," Bruce says, clearly bemused. "But what does that have to do with..."
Logan lands right on one of the tin cans' backs and begins ripping it to fucking pieces. He's gotta hand it to Charles: some good old fashioned destruction is exactly what he needed.
It's like the physical representation of all the self-hatred she's ever felt, gathered and concentrated and given material form. Every dark thought and moment of anger, every black, foul mood, is manifested on his face. The malice she had only glimpsed earlier is back, fully formed, roaring in his eyes and in the twist of his face. His nostrils flare as he breathes in.
"it did."
Tony's resolve falters a little under the press of his tone, but she still doesn't move. Instead, she stays where she is, frozen.
And with that, JARVIS must decide it's time to end this conversation.  Tony risks letting go of Steve's hand to waggle her fingers in a wave, which Clint returns sarcastically as the elevator doors slide smoothly shut.
The guy's already angry scowl gets even angrier, if possible, and he rips off the mask covering his mouth before snarling, "Fuck you, you jackass; I'm 97 goddamn years old."
"To be honest, I didn't think I even had a soulmate," Steve admits to her later, after they get back to the (very destroyed, but with lower levels still inhabitable) tower.
"Did you hear me, Tinkerbell?" he says again, straightening further where he's still turned away from her. His hands leave their vice grip on the edge of the table to press hard against the glass top, instead. "I said
"Would it kill you to knock?" Tony greets her counterpart, one eyebrow raised.  Man-Tony goes through a range of expressions, starting with shock and finally settling on something that resembles mild nausea, which Tony knows from experience has a far more complicated, unseen emotional sub-layer.  Steve wakes with a grunt and tries to sit up, but Tony gently shoves him back down.
He's barely gotten up from the pavement when another robot lays it on him from behind, punting him into a nearby car before he can react. Logan wedges himself out of it and snarls, slices off the thing's arm when it swings for him again.
"I'm fine, Tony," he says after a moment, smiling fondly with a familiar softness around his eyes. Tony gets it, then, and chuffs, swatting him playfully on the arm.
wouldn't use one." He sits back in his seat, a shadow passing over his brow. "I can think of exactly one way to make it possible without, but since your universe
"Thanks for coming on such short notice," Steve adds for them both.
"Considering you need a relic just to travel between
"Yeah, yeah, just lemme--aha!" Her displays are back online and--oh.  Oh,
It was a nice thought.  It carried Steve along for a while, too--right up until the war began, and Bucky, morally-driven and suicidal, enlisted.
"Sorry, could we take this conversation someplace a little more comfortable?" Tony interjects, stepping forward to lean her cheek casually against Steve's bicep as everybody's attention shifts to her. "Not that I don't love hanging out on busy rooftops at 3 AM, but it's getting kind of cold and I have gravel dust in places I'd really rather not think about, so.  I feel as though a couch might go a long way towards reducing the current tensions we're experiencing--namely, the tensions in my
"You think you can pull this childish temper tantrum bullshit with me? Let me tell you, Manscape, I wrote the fucking
.  Even in the best case scenario, he'd have been waiting for them for years.  There was no ending where things didn't turn out badly, no future where he didn't spend most of his life up sad, lonely, and pining.
"Tony," he starts, voice low and wrecked but also clearly startled, "you don't have to--"
The uncomfortable truth of it is that she doesn't enjoy being confronted with herself in bright, vivid, snarky technicolor. It makes her reexamine her flaws in a way that makes her skin crawl and brings back all the old inklings of low self-esteem.
she thinks sadly, and then her back slams
"Sure, I guess," Man-Tony allows strangely reluctantly, glancing over at her.  Tony (who has no time nor fucks to give to whatever existential crisis is surely going on in his head) just watches him blithely as he comes over and fiddles with the cuffs before they come off her with a click, leaving her to rub the red band around her wrists.
at her. There's a pulse of heat low in her abdomen, and she feels a flood of moisture down near her lady parts. Tony swallows.
"Would you rather talk about it now, or after we soap up?" Tony asks fondly, scritching against the nape of his neck and smiling when he arches into it like a cat.
"Ste--my fiancé liked it," Tony sniffs defiantly, heart speeding up at the slip.  Natasha shoots her a sharp glance, and Tony stares back blankly as best she can.
"Sandwich," Steve says very firmly just above Tony's shoulder, re-grasping her hand in his. "Then, sleep."
The quizzical furrow in her counterpart's brow smooths out immediately, comprehension clearing his features.
"I wonder if that was multiple consecutive orgasms rather than just one," Tony says after a while, thinking aloud.  It certainly went on long enough.
"Y'know, it's a good thing you built yourself a suit of armor, or that bleeding heart of yours would always be right out in the open," Steve comments a minute later, after she's done sniffling.
No answer, but as the dust clears and Tony gets further in she spots a human-shaped lump in the middle of the wreckage.
Sure enough, there she is, standing at the other end of the room looking at Tony with a face she usually reserves for people who aren't part of the Avengers, that blank I-don't-like-you-I-don't-trust-you look she used to give Tony sometimes back when she first started posing as Natalie Rushman, and as Tony stares at her, the coldness only intensifies.  Tony feels a chill run down her spine.
Next to her, Bobby makes a face through his oversized disco glasses. "Ugh, gross; didn't need that mental image."
Tony shivers heavily as the fingertips drift lightly down, down, trailing over each and every knob of her vertebrae and blazing a trail of arousal over Tony's body until, at last, they reach her tailbone.  There, the fingertips pause, lingering, and then at last they withdraw.  Tony's spine tingles all along the places where she's been touched, prickling and oversensitive.  Her breathing has grown heavier.
It's only after Tony's naked and standing underneath the stream of hot water that she realizes she should've waited for Man-Tony to come back with her things.  She stares at herself in the mirror above the sinks across the room for a long moment, water sluicing through her hair and down her back, and reflects wearily upon her own stupidity.
"Don't try to tell me how long I should be pooping for, Clint. Rude," Tony chides, hopping off the table anyway.
He collapses next to her, a little out of breath, and looks at her with an awed expression that pretty much conveys exactly how she feels right now.  Tony smiles.  Steve smiles back.  There's a warm glow in her chest that isn't the arc reactor, a postcoital fuzziness that she thought everyone was making up.  Looking at Steve, though, both of them basking in the glow of their first time together, she's pretty sure she knows what feeling they were talking about.
Tony nearly breaks her own neck turning to reply. "Seriously?" she says incredulously, eyebrows creeping into her hairline.  She carries their drinks back to the couch where they've been lounging since the other Avengers cleared out and informs him, "I don't know what saint-like deeds I must have done in a past life to get paired with you here, because Fury can assure you, I am an annoying shit."
bleeds all over the ground to the rear. What would SHIELD do without her?
His bicep is blank, and it's freaking her out.  She eyes him warily, unsure how to react or what to say, when Man-Tony snaps his fingers in front of her face impatiently.
"Well, first off, I can't tell you why you're here.  If there
"Yes, Ma," Steve says sarcastically, but immediately confirms Tony's suspicions when his jaw then cracks on a yawn.  Tony lowers her head and snuggles into him.
pal?  Let me GO!"  Tony thrashes against her restraints, indignant rage making her sharp and angry.
Man-Tony looks at the others, then back at her, and skips ahead without saying a word.  The battle blurs by until the moment when, behind her, something happens and the portal rips open before she spins toward it.
Tony thinks faintly as her grip on Steve's arm weakens.  Tony, for the second time in as many hours, feels a dizzying sense of vertigo.
His soulmate frowns, then perks up, touching the communicator in his ear, before all the robots shut down abruptly and drop to the ground like flies. Logan is grudgingly impressed.
"I really thought they wouldn't be able to wait," Bruce admits with a frown, staring mournfully into his orange juice.  Natasha just looks sour.
"Well... he
"JARVIS couldn't have taken care of that for you?" Steve asks in a tone that means it's not a question.  He's sitting rigidly on the edge of the bed with his Angry Captain face on.
But that was three years ago. Tony, fortunately, has come a hell of a long way since then.
There's a soft, wet sound as a foot lifts from the floor of the shower, followed by a quiet smack as it sets down closer, moving in to a wetter part of the tile.  The sound repeats, and Tony can feel goosebumps erupting on her skin, followed, inexplicably, by a familiar flutter low in her gut.  She stares blindly at the grout between the shower tiles, pinned like a butterfly.  She's frozen in place where she stands, waiting.
"Makes sense," Tony agrees, still watching the machine.
"Hey, lovebirds," her counterpart calls out loudly, "Can we put the sweet nothings on hold for just a few seconds?"
Still drowsy, Tony hums and stretches languidly against Steve's body; he feels like a warm, well-muscled mattress.  She takes the opportunity to drop a leg in between his when he stirs underneath her, tangling them further.  Lifting her head is an effort, but she does it anyway and cracks her eyes open to stare at him blearily.
"Finished exploring?" Steve asks, posture loose and easy.  Her counterpart says nothing, just carries on casually occupying space.  He's watching all of this with a suspicious air of amusement.
Tony can practically hear his eyebrows shoot up.  "Already?" he says, puzzled.
here?"
--that are absent, right now.
In the gym, three weeks into the future and the rest of his post-war life, Steve huffed a chuckle to the empty room as he wiped the sweat off his brow.  He couldn't
have a guest," Natasha offers blandly, propping her hip casually against the arm of a lounge chair and watching the room like a cat surveying its domain. Clint, who's perched on the back of this armchair, says nothing, but looks vaguely amused--presumably because he considers himself too mature to express his annoyance the way Tony does.
" Steve's voice comes through the broken comms, sounding unusually panicked. "
"You two had a fight?" Bruce asks, his frown deepening.
" Tony says wretchedly as his lips slide along her skin, his nose brushing up against the sharp underside of her jaw as he pauses to scrape his teeth over the tender skin of her neck, the press just this side shy of biting.
His hands pull her to him and Tony goes willingly, melts into his embrace until they're pressed together, back to front, every inch of her wet skin sliding against the hard, warm muscle of his body, held there by the delicious crush of his arms as she arches against him.
The building shudders with a muffled boom, plaster falling from the ceiling.    They all look up.
the damn thing.  He spent several long, frustrating minutes in front of the bathroom mirror, lifting and lowering his left arm and craning his neck awkwardly to try and pick through the messy scrawl now tattooed permanently over his skin (and Steve has no doubt he looked like a real, bonafide idiot during every one of those minutes; if Bucky had been there, he'd've been laughing his ass off), but all of the grief and extra effort his soulmark gave him didn't seem to matter very much once Steve started reading all of it:
"STEVE!"  Tony vaults over a piece of glass and scrambles towards him, cursing her handcuffed hands for slowing her down.
"Well, that went well," Man-Tony announces to no one in particular.
"Oh, my god, I am
"Didn't you say I landed on the balcony?" Tony contributes conversationally.
"Certainly, Miss," the AI says blandly.  The lock clicks loudly in the silence of the room.  Ah, J; he's like a long-suffering father whenever she pulls this shit.  She'll have him delete the footage later, after she's watched it once or twice.
Logan's eyebrows shoot up.
"I--no?" Tony confirms stupidly, struck dumb by the look on his face. "Not really." Her brain might as well be a hunk of cotton when Steve looks at her like that; the only brain Tony is engaging, as Steve's hand rubs very distractingly across her waistline above her pants, is the one currently moistening the inside of her underwear.
"The Tinkerbell comparison only works because I invent things," Tony replies stubbornly, shoving a welding mask on her head. She turns back to the chest piece, picks up her tools, and gets back to work.
"He should, if for nothing else than for his own peace of mind," Tony interjects, glancing at Steve drily.  He looks somewhat disgruntled, but mostly he just rolls his eyes, so Tony knows he can't be too mad.
Tony immediately deflates, anger evaporating in the face of his earnest declaration.  She stares at him with a look of disgruntled annoyance, aware that he's blatantly manipulating her weaknesses.
Steve."
" her counterpart interrupts indignantly.  Of course that's the thing that most offends him.
...Tony knows she's stalling.
"I could lend a hand, if you want," her counterpart offers, after a pause during which Tony seriously considers just using one of Natasha's leather catsuits and hoping for the best.
EDIT: Alright, it's ship-shape.  As promised, all that's changed are some minor edits; no big structural changes or anything.  Enjoy <3
"I don't--
"So," Bucky says later, the two of them watching as Hank maneuvers gracefully around to land on a roof adjacent to theirs, "when are you moving to Brooklyn?"
" Clint says again, and Tony feels déjà vu as the whole scene flashes by, word for word, just as she remembers.  They watch as her displays flicker; the recording quality isn't the best, with all the interference, but it's good enough.  They watch until she gets pulled into the vortex and everything goes black.
, and I
Tony swallows against the heavy feeling in her throat, and focuses instead on the feeling of Steve's big, warm hands as they shift carefully across her skin.
The wave crests and it all washes over her, waves of emotion and pleasure pushing her higher and higher in her spiral towards her climax as Tony just lays there breathlessly and takes him--
Steve sure didn't feel like a shrinking violet anymore.
"Yeah, two hours ago.  I've even got footage of it; JARVIS recorded the whole thing."
" she murmurs happily against Steve's lips before grinding down idly.  A smirk curls across her face when his answering hum becomes a moan, his hand on her head clenching tighter.  His other hand slides up from her hip and slips under her shirt, and Tony feels arousal well up in her like a spring.
"And you're sure she's not a Skrull?"
"Oh thank god," Tony blurts.
"Man, the public thinks you're all apple pie honesty, Steve, but secretly you're as manipulative as I am," Tony complains as they make their way to the elevator.  "I ought to expose you for the liar you are.  'Captain America--Secret Asshole.'  I bet the
Tony is just lucid enough to see the stranger make some kind of weird motion with his hands, and suddenly Tony can breathe again. She takes a deep, gasping breath and sits up, grasping her head with both hands and trying very hard not to vomit from the whiplash.
"You can wear my shirt, if you want," Steve says seriously, holding the aforementioned garment in his hands like an offering.
about Tony and Not-Steve) has to keep her jaw clenched tightly to prevent herself from butting in to the conversation at inappropriate times and asking the Doctor questions like 'So, do you know Nicolas Flamel?' or 'Is Hogwarts really as impressive as it looks in the movies?'  Her teeth grind against each other while Doctor Strangelove and Man-Tony--who bizarrely enough appear to have totally hit it off--make small talk about expensive watches.  Her only comfort is in knowing that Clint's probably doing the same thing.
"What about me?" Clint asks from his perch on the rail, face full of curiosity.
to meet them.
Tony is drowning in him, in the sound of his groans, the shift of his weight reverberating through the mattress; just the feeling of his thighs moving against her as he thrusts is almost enough to overwhelm her.  Pleasure flows through her in waves and it's too much,
With Peggy's words and the words on his arm propping him up, Steve put down the phone, picked himself up, and did what he's always done best: soldier on.
"This is some weird, Thor-level shit right here," Clint declares, lounging on his railing.  Tony completely agrees.
If he's even thought that far.  Actually, upon active consideration, Tony thinks it's safe to guarantee he hasn't thought that far.
Ten-ish minutes later, Tony is free of the bed and being escorted, blindfolded and handcuffed, to somewhere else by Natasha.
They board an elevator, and Tony recognizes the swish of the doors all too well.
The first time he actually noticed it was after they got back to SHIELD's NYC HQ.  It's a telling sign of how completely he'd distanced himself from the idea he could have a soulmate.   In fact, when Steve first caught a passing glimpse of it through the mirror in the tiny bathroom attached to his new quarters, he thought it was just a smear of grime or dirt from the run.  Once he got closer and realized what it was, his heart stuttered for the first time since he'd had the serum.  He could've sworn his blood ran cold.
Tony turns in Steve's arms to say something, but stops at the look on his face.
, pupils blown so wide she can barely see the blue, hair all sex-tousled in her hands.  His cheeks are flushed, mouth open and lips all pink and wet, and they look so delectable that Tony takes a second just to lean down and bite his lower lip.  The way he chases her when she pulls away is oh so satisfying.
Tony smiles fondly. "Better."
, okay;
"Stark Indus--?  Who the fuck do you think you're
"Fuck me, this is weird," Tony mutters and closes her eyes, wishing she had a stiff drink, or at least the freedom to bring a hand up to her face.  She can feel a headache forming behind her eyes.  Great.
"Don't laugh at me.  That was a completely legitimate insult." Tony scowls as Steve leans up to kiss her, which she grudgingly allows.
"Other way around," Tony answers, planting herself restlessly on a table.
Tony thinks, swallowing. But she doesn't move.
Unfortunately for all, Doctor Stephen Strange, Sorcerer Supreme (who the hell
Tony waits another moment, until she's sure the elevator doors have closed behind him, before she speaks.
She's not getting away.
"Because it's always
Steve just stares down at her like that for a minute, taking her in quietly.  The longer it goes on, the more Tony's confused, but she can also tell that Steve is spending some time gathering his thoughts, as he sometimes does when he's got something important to say, so from past experience she doesn't interrupt the silence with any witty quips or well-intentioned inquiries and just stands there instead, fidgeting restlessly in his arms.  Finally, after what seems like an eon to her, Steve speaks.
.  Something imprecise, something Tony can't pin down at first glance.  This Thor seems older, somehow, more burdened than the Thor that she knows so well.  He seems...tired.  Less free.  The passion and pride Tony's used to is still there, of course, but if she were to try and put a word to it, all of Thor's
"Sure," Tony says, and gives it the same title as the Avengers Tower network back home. "Also, the files are finished downloading," she adds, almost as an afterthought.
"Natasha, what the hell?" Tony says incredulously, kicking out in the direction of her spysassin friend with more disbelief than actual anger. "Since when are we tying up our injured teammates?  I thought that--"
"I suppose that's possible," Bruce concedes reluctantly, looking at his glasses and frowning, "but considering our other encounters with phenomena of this nature, doesn't it seem more likely that it's--?"
"You can't prescribe a treatment until you know the symptoms," Bruce says reasonably, his own medical training bleeding through.
"Steve keeps them right at the front, at home," Tony offers observantly, glancing at Steve and thinking of their extensive stock of Powerade.  It has its own dedicated cupboard and consumes an entire shelf of the fridge.
"Okay, fine,
But Steve doesn't give her any time to think: he's already back on her, body pressing hot against her as he reinitiates the kiss.  Tony moans and melts, her body arching up to press against his as her mouth and legs both fall open to welcome him.  Steve slides a hand up under her shirt and thumbs her nipple; Tony feels him smile against her lips when she twitches and squeaks, his touch light and teasing as he traces her breast.
a nightcap," Tony tells them all drily, raising her voice to be heard above the wind as she touches Steve's trapezius fondly.  Better to pretend she didn't notice anything odd, than to react to the accusatory undertones in Not-Steve's question.  Bringing it up now would only create a divided front.
"I think you're right," Tony agrees, staring down at the streets below.
"Yes, thank you,
"JARVIS, what happened to keeping her out?" her counterpart snaps pointedly after he's up, whipping the grease rag he was holding into some dark corner of the lab.
"Looks a lot like what I have back at my place," she says with interest, peering into the body of the machine and watching, fascinated, as it whirs and hums, the light within the compartment shimmering and moving over the fabric. "Is it in scanning phase?"
"Condoms?" she asks, quirking an eyebrow. "I'm on birth control, and I just got tested for STIs last month, so it's up to you."
" Tony's disembodied voice says as she peers at Steve's profile while they fly to their destination.  Looking into the camera, Steve gives her a fond look.
"Go eat a sandwich," Strange quips drily, his eyes crinkling subtly at the corners. "Doctor's orders. I'll be back when I know more," he tells the group at large. Then, he turns, cape billowing majestically, to face the empty half of the room.
"It...wouldn't be outside the realm of possibility, considering what we've seen," Steve says slowly, face pinched in thought.  Tony's glance slides back to his blank bicep, and her skin crawls before she looks away.
Tony used to have long hair, but after an unfortunate workshop incident she chopped it all off to pixie length. It was only afterwards that she discovered short hair's amazing side benefit: it allows for immediate, enthusiastic dick-sucking without stopping to grab a ponytail holder.
Tony's poor heart can only take so much.  She mumbles something in reply and flees, clambering hastily into the elevator with Clint.
Tony shrugs. "No worries; it was worth a shot." If he's not gentleman enough to open the door, she'll just have to let herself in. She hacks his security systems with an ease that is almost insulting, and the lab door opens with a hiss.
Tony huffs a laugh, grinning down at her soulmate; he smiles as he finishes drying off her other calf, then rises to his feet.
"Your wife is a lovely person and you two have far too many disgusting children," Tony says flatly. "I will never take refuge at your house again."
"Without meeting the caster or seeing the spell? No," Doctor Strange says confidently, his expression almost apologetic.  His eyes flicker down to Tony's side, and Tony realizes her hand has tightened into a fist. She takes a breath, steadying herself, and forces her hand to relax.
Tony swallows and, compulsively, glances at Steve.  He just raises an eyebrow.
right now, for Christ's sake; Tony honestly doesn't know how the woman does it).
"For the last time, Bruce, we just don't know," Tony says, exasperated. "Science hasn't been able to figure it out yet.  Thor claims that it has to do with some decision his mom made eons ago or whatever, but I'm still not sure if he's full of shit."
So, at the age of sixteen, Steve decided to stop being hung up on destiny, and resolved to move on with his life while he still had one to live.
"Oh, good, looks like Sleeping Beauty's awake," one of the voices says, drawing closer to her with the sound of footsteps.  Tony grits her teeth and cracks open her eyes, blinking through the pain as her vision slowly adjusts and the world swims into focus enough for her to recognize a face above her.
Her limbs jerk reflexively against the restraints. "What the
"Wanna head to the bedroom?" she asks, eyes flickering towards the closed door.
"Don't think you're getting out of it that easily," Tony mutters under her breath as they cross the room. "We
"Tony," Steve says suddenly.  Tony's eyes jerk open and a giant, wordless
words.  The idea was still fresh and exciting.
" Tony comments gleefully.
"Steve," Tony says, embarrassed by the way her voice cracks in the middle, but then Steve smiles wearily up at her and Tony can't hold it anymore.  She folds over Steve's dusty, dirt-covered chest with a sob and lets herself go, crying heavily into his battle-worn uniform in the middle of the ruined balcony as he slowly comes to.  She feels overwhelmed by profound, guilty relief, body shuddering with sobs that only worsen when she feels him place his gloved hand gently on her hair, reassuring her even though he's just been thrown fifty feet into glass and concrete.
"But you think whoever did this used a relic," Tony's counterpart guesses, once again proving that he thinks along exactly the same lines she does.
"So, lemme get this straight," Bucky says slowly, staring at him with a thoughtful expression, "you're--150 years old?"
Before he can say anything, the kid tosses the hunk of metal about a hundred feet straight up in the air, and Iron Man, who's looping back around, catches it on his way past.
" he revises quickly, glancing over at Tony and Steve as if to remind himself that she and him are, indeed, still two separate entities.
Clint looks inordinately pleased.
' again; you know how it gets me hot," Tony croons,  waggling her eyebrows suggestively and leering at her fiancé.  Steve stares steadily back at her, unmoved and unimpressed by her cheap shots at seduction (as usual).
Something about him is...
someone's
" Bruce asks warily.  Tony's displays flicker through information.
Tony turns to look at him and raises an eyebrow. She makes a show of leaning back and looking him up and down, humming dubiously in her throat while he stands there and stares back drily.
The team, all of them, wordlessly give the memory a respectful moment of silence.
Steve, who is a quick study in sex as in everything else, begins relentlessly hammering against that spot.  It's a good thing Tony already wasn't doing any work, because after a few strokes of that she very quickly becomes utterly useless, melting back against Steve's chest as her strength gives out under the onslaught, waves of rising pleasure crashing through her body and mind as he slams against that deep place inside her over and over and over again.  Her mouth falls open, eyes falling closed as the overwhelming tide of sensations overcomes her.
Tony blinks slowly and tries to rationalize things.  Clint, Natasha, Bruce, Thor, and Steve were all on the other side with her.  As far as she knows, none of them (besides Steve, the stupid, self-sacrificing idiot, but she'll think about that after she escapes) were within the event horizon, so none of them should have been sucked in.  Logically, Natasha shouldn't be here.
In which Tony faces Tony.
Tony has fallen through a magical portal into a place where no one seems to know who she is.  Ergo, the only logical conclusion is that either the portal wiped her existence from reality, or this is some universe where Tony doesn't exist.
The piece of tech Man-Tony's standing with is already started up; Steve's suit is underneath a glass shield in a compartment that's glowing with blue light. Steve stands back, looking mildly interested, but as always he isn't too interested in the inner workings of the thing so much as the job it does. Tony, meanwhile, is very interested in the workings and has no concept of personal space, so she sidles in close to her counterpart to get a good look at the thing.
She gives them a quick and dirty run-down of the encounter, which takes up about five of the ten allotted minutes she gave herself.
Now, the things Steve knows about Tony Stark start rolling through his head like a film reel as she, along with Natasha, comes screaming down from the skies in her flashy, red and gold suit of futuristic armor.  She rides in, guns blaring, and cuts in between Steve and Loki.  He uses the time she gives him with her loud, distracting entrance to catch his breath, rolling up into a crouch as soon as the muscles in his wounded leg stop protesting enough to make it viable.  By the time Steve's got his feet under him again, the all-over ache in his body is already beginning to fade.  He's ready to go.
you..."
Steve looks concerned.
"Yeah; you made some comment about avoiding stress, and Bruce spent almost the entirety of his adult life living in places like Mumbai and Rio as a result," Tony says drily.  Bruce looks rather indignant; Natasha looks smug.
The last thing she sees is Steve's red white and blue blur coming at her out of nowhere, flickering into her periphery right as her repulsors give out and she's sucked into oblivion.
Her gleeful squeal echoes off of the tiled walls.  Pepper has to have had a heavy hand in designing this room: Tony leans towards granite and chrome, especially for fixtures, but this place is a glass and ceramic affair, light, airy, and open.
Too tired to do formatting (AKA add italics) right now; it's midnight and I have class tomorrow.  Second half is good, but I'll go back and format the first half properly during the day tomorrow.
Now that the worst of the tension's been defused, there's a pregnant pause while all present parties quietly digest this new information, eyeing each other suspiciously.
life-threatening situations than when you're just a billionaire. Many more situations where stealth (incidentally, not Tony's strong point) becomes extremely important.
This is what they are.
"Yes, but I'm
; nobody ever believes me you smug son of a bitch--"
His eyes flicker up to meet hers, and she feels caught in his gaze as he lifts her legs over his wide shoulders, getting her all settled, then reaches up and around her hip to rub gently just above her clit.  Tony's breath hitches, and she squirms, trying to move the friction lower, but he's got his other hand clamped firmly on her hip, so there's nothing she can do but lie there and take it.
There are tears dripping down her temples when she comes to, and she reaches up to touch them with an unsteady hand, physically and emotionally shaky.  Steve has stopped and is gazing down at her with concern, his eyes searching her face worriedly.
They both stare down at it for a while, contemplating the mess. Between the giant hole in the chest and the unrelated battle damage, Tony's estimating at least a day's repair work before she's back at full functionality.
the kind of undertone Tony's hearing in his voice.
Stark has handed off the situation and is on her way over to him before Steve can even rise.  As she crosses the plaza, moving surprisingly quickly on the ground for someone wearing something so bulky, some smooth-looking joint in her armor turns and retracts her faceplate, revealing a very worried, very pretty woman.
A glance over her shoulder at Steve confirms he's picked up on it, too.  Wordlessly, though, he indicates with his eyes that she should turn back around.
urge she has to smell her own armpit.)
The whole team, minus Thor, who is probably in Asgard, watches as a table with her armor resting on it lifts out of the floor.  Tony startles.
"Nope," Tony confirms. "Made for an interesting explanation of how words work." Tony pauses. "Also, in this world, I have a penis."
Steve laughs. "You know, I think he knew it was you," he tells her as she nestles into his side.  He gives off heat like a furnace; it's amazing.
Steve, who's been working rather hard not to laugh at the picture she paints, staring at him worriedly in her advanced, bullet-proof suit of highly weaponized armor, decides it's past time to put her out of her misery.  He puts his free hand on hers, and chooses his next words carefully. "Please do shut up, Miss Stark," he says to her gently, unable to keep some part of his amusement from showing on his face.
struggles to cope with mine and he's
."  The man before her is so perfect, it still seems absurd.
"The portal has opened again, sir," JARVIS offers helpfully. "I cannot say for certain, but it does seem to have deposited a man the same size and build as Captain Rogers."
"That'll be the one where you voluntarily eat a sandwich," Steve answers for her drily, raising an eyebrow at her counterpart with his dad face on. Tony
look.  He gets it sometimes before they go into battle, or before Tony goes on a long business trip alone, or sometimes even when she's about to go face a panel of prickly investors.  It's a look he gets exclusively when he's worrying about something Tony-related (Bucky, as a side note, also has a one of a kind Bucky-related concerned face).
"Yeah, well. 'Don't tickle sleeping dragons,' and all that," she murmurs, taking another sip of whiskey. She waits for the burn to pass and swallows, licks her lips. "I did kind of rip into you, though. Sorry about that."
"Fellow wizards aren't big on pop culture?" Tony tosses out casually, noticing for the first time the jaunty tilt to one of his brows and the laugh lines worn near the corners of his mouth.  It's a shot in the dark, a guess, but any information is better than none.
The moment breaks, and Tony's eyes nearly roll back in her head as they flutter closed.  She tosses back her head and gives a full-bodied shudder, her mouth falling open on a moan as she twists helplessly, a wave of static washing over her senses as she writhes sinuously in his grip.  Steve gives an answering rumble as her body clenches hot around him, her muscles contracting with pleasure.  Tony inhales raggedly as the wave recedes and her muscles begin to tremble, and blinks helplessly against the stars still dotting her vision, her breath stuttering around the endless rise and fall of her own hips.  She squirms weakly for a moment, hands and feet searching blindly for purchase before she gives up and gives in, finally relinquishing control.
relationship."
"Yeah, yeah, yuck it up, pixie stick," Tony-not-Tony interrupts loudly, heading towards her bed.  He glares at her, and she meets his gaze smugly before he looks at some corner of the room that probably contains a camera and jerks his head irritably.
get dissolved here, didn't it," Tony says faintly.
Tony looks down at her fiancé where he's kneeling on the rug.  "Aww, look at that, Steve: he's learning."
"Yes, I would imagine that's why we're not together here," Tony confirms, stretching underneath the sheet like a cat. "Seems like all the testosterone has only enhanced my already sparkling personality."
He stiffens as the headless body drops, neck sparking violently, to reveal a young guy in all black with the head clutched in his all-metal arm.
Thor smiles and acquiesces with a nod.  "Very well.  I will return as soon as I am able."  Then, cape swirling majestically as per usual, Thor clunks over to the torn up balcony and, with great dignity and unparalleled grace, throws himself out of the window.
"I let you into my home, my lab, my heart, and this is how I'm repaid--with backhanded compliments," he now says disappointedly, shaking his head and tutting once as his fingers fly through the hologram. "Absolutely ungrateful."
Instead of thinking about it, Steve ignored the heaviness in his body, ignored the cold, empty hole Bucky's loss had opened up in his chest the same way he'd ignored it when he lost his mother, and he did what he always did when a tragedy happened during the war: he picked himself up, and he soldiered on.
"Steve?" she says, blinking. "What's up?" she asks him, confused.
"Well, you'll need it for the trip home, if nothing else," he agrees. His jaw cracks on a yawn, and he glances at the time on his phone, then quirks a brow. "Nightcap?"
So standing here, staring at these sober, pallid counterparts of theirs, all muted happiness and unspoken scars, she cannot even begin to
Bucky runs his hands over his mouth and looks out over the cityscape, contemplating. "Well," he says eventually, "I guess that makes some sense, considering we're supposed to be soulmates."
jackass," she jokes, shooting an amused look at her counterpart, who's been standing at his workstation across the lab and trying to pretend he isn't listening.
"Tony...?" he says hoarsely, but it's him.  It's him.
"Get out," he orders, voice full of barely-restrained anger.
"I guess I shouldn't have been surprised you wouldn't back down," he says, after a while. Tony huffs.
Peggy's right, of course.  Nothing's changed there.
It's so unexpected, Steve forgets how to breathe for a moment and chokes on his own saliva.  It takes him a minute to recover, but once he does, he gives her a very deliberate
Bucky smiles tiredly, but--he's also relaxed, some. Logan's getting through to him. And he knows what it means, too, to meet someone who's gone through the same kind of pain you have; he doesn't think it's a coincidence that the two of them have only met after going through all their separate shit.
"Sounds like a plan," she agrees.
"What, did you think I was lying?" Man-Tony counters, clearly offended, as Tony jerks to face the God of Thunder himself.
"You are unfortunately correct, ma'am. I cannot," JARVIS replies, rather ruefully, bless his heart. "In fact, I am expressly forbidden from doing so."
After Stryker shoots him in the goddamn head--well.
I know for a fact I'm an arrogant bitch; you don't run a Fortune 500 company without a hell of an ego--but is your head
It should go without saying that Tony's all for encouraging personal and emotional growth.
"Which one of us?" Man-Tony asks as Tony raises an eyebrow.
I could probably have gone a little longer with this chapter, but after waiting so long to see Doctor Strange I just wanted to get it out.  Boy, am I glad I waited, though, even if I
"I'd like to see you do better," he returns, sounding rather offended.
"Nah, it's okay. I'm not really mad or anything," Tony says, waving it off. "It's not like I can't handle it."
"Earth to Princess, try and stay focused." She quirks a brow at him pointedly and adjusts her posture as he crosses the room and presses some button.
The satisfied face he makes says that's exactly what he was expecting to hear. He stands, sets his glass down on the table, and says, "JARVIS, bring the lady's suit out of storage, if you please."
The door, unremarkable in appearance, is notable in that it's the only one even remotely proximal to her counterpart's.  It's not
Maybe Steve isn't wrong to be so wary of him, if
Fury was right, of course.  He is glad they let him find it out for himself, when he was alone.  That wasn't all there was to it, though: Steve, with his years of experience parsing truths and half-truths, could tell.  Politely, he probed further, even though the tightness around the man's good eye warned him to leave it off there.  "You wouldn't happen to know who it is, would you, sir?"
By the time someone else opens the door, Tony is tired, hungry, dehydrated, and feels like she's been put through the emotional wringer.
Steve's looking at her in that soft sort of way he does, thumb running over her cheek gently.  Cheekbone, hairline, and back, over and over again.  The familiar rhythm calms her, and suddenly, Tony feels exhausted.
not the one who swooned like a Disney princess," he points out loudly, shifting uncomfortably under the unexpected attention he's now garnered from both remaining parties in the room. "I'm a grown man; I can fend for myself."
Tony rips free from Natasha's grip and sprints over to the wreckage, ignoring Not-Steve's bark of warning.  Steve, Steve, Steve,
"I'm...gonna get back to work," she says, nonplussed. She pauses and tilts her head, brow creasing gently. "You okay?"
"Yeah, well, you weren't wrong. I was talking about your throw, not the metal," he admits, reaching out with his free hand to touch the metal of Bucky's arm, frowning when his soulmate flinches back before deliberately relaxing.
here, Tony.  Everything is different.  We might both be here, in some form, but we don't know that these versions of us are even soulmates.  We shouldn't get involved."
good within her, stretching and filling all the empty, aching places inside her that were just waiting to be filled.  She feels endlessly relaxed underneath him, hazy and floating in a sense of good and right.
Tony, meanwhile, is speechless. The intensity of his hatred is like a sucker punch to the gut. It's so real, so unexpectedly visceral, that for a moment she has no response. Her words fail her. How the hell do you even respond to that kind of raw emotion?
His enthusiastic attempts to introduce Steve to other wordless people dramatically increased in number, after that.  Girl after girl after guy came traipsing through their lives, and Steve wasn't stupid: it didn't take him long to figure out that the main reason Bucky was trying so damn hard to set him up was so he'd have somebody else to lean on if Bucky ended up dying in the war.
To her left, Man-Tony rises from his knees to follow Doctor Strange, who's standing a little ways away, speaking quietly with Bruce. Clint and Natasha are standing at Tony's 11 o' clock, peering down at her carefully. Natasha's face is cool and stoic, as usual, but something in Clint's smile promises Tony's going to be getting shit for this later.
"Mayonnaise," Tony declares in a tone that brooks no argument.
The sandwich is great--of course it is; Steve's sandwiches are always great.  The hole in Tony's stomach is soon filled by bread and chicken salad, and Man-Tony, bless his heart, digs up some sports drinks from somewhere deep in the dusty, long-neglected depths of his cupboards.
carefully extract Bucky and give him a safe, healthy environment in which to figure himself out and make his own choices?" Tony asks heavily.  Annoyingly enough, she feels like she already knows the answer just from the vague guilt on Steve's face. "Great.  Well, that's what
He soldiered on and finished his mission, took down the plane and all the bombs, all the Red Skull's remaining threats, with it, and as the Arctic water burned on his skin and the cold brine of it seared through his nose and into his lungs, Steve closed his eyes.
and a
He smiles back.
"What is this?" Other Steve says in slow disbelief as Tony flies up a story and positions herself to catch Her Steve, who has, as per usual, thrown himself from the balcony and into her metal arms in a move that would give anyone else terrible bruises.
she thinks, just before Thor adds a little more quietly, "My mother might have known."
want to see your face again," he spits. His eyes glitter with hostility, driving home what would have a deep blow, three years ago.
did.  Steve and I set him up in a Brooklyn apartment with just enough surveillance to make sure Hydra didn't get him again, got him weekly appointments with one of the best Vet counsellors in the country, and let him be.  We had a couple kidnapping attempts, but nothing Steve and I couldn't handle.  Also," Tony adds, almost as an afterthought, "I did a lot of work improving his arm, polishing it up, removing all the trackers and other bullshit Hydra'd put in there.  Works like a dream, now, I gotta say," Tony brags proudly, tossing her hair and very deliberately ignoring the cloud of dust that shakes off of it.
"Steve found Bucky in the middle of trying to assassinate Fury--which, you know, isn't a great reunion by anyone's standards, but, anyway--so he couldn't really do anything about it.  At least, not until I'd fucked over all the death helicarriers I was helping SHIELD build." Tony can feel her face twist just thinking about it. "Long story short, Nat, Steve and I got blamed for Nick's death, had to go underground.  We had to lay low at Clint's place, and, well.  It was pretty fucked up.  We spent a lot of time rooting out all the shit Hydra had left, exposing all the operatives who'd managed to lay low the first time around.  SHIELD was almost dissolved."
Steve, headstrong, stubborn, and mad as hell, tried very,
He looks
Tony couldn't really tell you how long she sits there lost in her own thoughts. But regardless of when it happens, she's roused some time later by stirrings from across the table.
hard to prove to both Bucky and himself that he didn't need to be some shrinking violet, standing on the dock by the ship and waving a damp handkerchief.  The way Steve figured it, the Army was always happy to take on a soldier without words: less worry or heartbreak if there wasn't someone waiting at home when the bad news came.
"Are you okay?" he asks urgently, one hand wrapped around the side of her neck (probably to feel her pulse, the worrywart).  Tony nuzzles into it, letting him ground her, and takes a shaky breath.
EDIT: I have agonized appropriately, and am now thoroughly satisfied with the chapter.  For those of you getting two notifications, I'm terribly sorry!  The new version of the chapter is so drastically different, I felt obligated to send a second notice out.  Anyway, thanks for reading; enjoy!
"Hey Man Status?" Tony calls out, wiggling her fingers absently in a hole next to the star.
Steve's eyes burn into her like a brand, and Tony feels a flutter in her stomach.  She frowns, reaches out, and cups Steve's chin in her hands; he closes his eyes and leans into the touch.
would go for it."
"What did I tell you," Clint says with a smirk. "She never
"What the hell is that supposed to mean, 'unexplainable possession'?" she snaps, just about ready to flip the goddamn bed, she's so annoyed. "What's so 'unexplainable' about it?  I built it!"
"Come see," Tony invites, gesturing him over.
Tony feels very, very tired.
Predictably, by the time they get to New York, it's all gone to shit. Some kind of new alien robots are absolutely wrecking the city, as per a normal Avengers Tuesday, but there's a fuckton of them and damn if the Avengers don't need some help. Poor bastards.
into the gravel and she's skidding, skull rattling like a tin can, across the hard surface of the roof.
"What are you--" Tony begins suspiciously, then cuts herself off with a yelp when Steve, without any warning, scoops her up neatly from standing to a bridal carry before she can so much as protest. The change in positions leaves Tony reeling for a moment, but the second she's recovered she smacks his pec indignantly.
"What gives?" she asks with that distinct deep-throating crackle in her voice.  His hands on her head are keeping her from getting back to business, and her fingers twitch where they've settled on his thighs out of respect for his wishes.
"We don't know how much me being female changes things," Man-Tony finishes, staring at her. "Not to mention what the whole soulmate thing could do."
There are so many little things she has to be careful of--at least until they watch the footage from the battle.  Hopefully, they'll believe her then.
On the surface, Steve looks long-suffering, but after a few moments, he cracks, and the twinkle in his eye and the twitch at the corners of his mouth give him away. He shakes his head anyway to maintain the illusion and says gravely, with an air of fake disappointment, "You're a mess, Tony."
"That seems fair," Steve agrees dryly.
Tony stares back at him, uncowed. "See if you can access the footage from my--from the suit."  She bites her tongue; be diplomatic, she thinks, she can be diplomatic with herself--himself--
Tony doesn't even have time to react to the sudden, deafening roar of wind in her ears; she's too preoccupied by the sudden change in perspective brought about by the force that sucks her back off the ledge, pulling her body towards the center of the roof.
Tony looks at Steve, who has that amused twinkle in his eye. She shakes her head and sighs, gesturing vaguely.
Doctor Strange snorts and gives Tony a small, almost wry smile in response.
"Tony?" Steve asks, his worried voice nearly drowned out by the sound of what, based on feeling, would seem to be an angry ocean sloshing around inside Tony's head. "Are you okay?"
With a loud and equally unimpressed sigh, Clint snaps his bow closed and replaces the arrow in his quiver, shaking his head.  "Well, false alarm," the archer declares, sliding off the vantage point he's found on some minuscule ledge with a roll of his eyes and shoulders that says he thinks this has all been a complete waste of his time. "Stand down and unclench your butt-cheeks, folks."
fucks people in the Seduction Room."
"No problem," Doctor Strange replies, smiling. Then, his attention turns back from Steve to her.
"No, it's fine," he says, one hand idly rubbing her back through her tank, which has really seen better days, at this point.  He pauses a moment, then adds, "All I can feel is your breasts."
Not-Steve turns back around, and he and Tony make eye contact.
she thinks, rubbing her knuckles against her lower sternum to ground herself and ward off the lingering feelings of uneasiness. For a minute there, before she'd come out of the zone, she'd almost forgotten where she was. Tony glances across the room to where Man-Tony is running calculations in the corner, and shakes her head.
Thanks for sticking with me, folks!  We should be back to a regular schedule now.  Hope you enjoy this chapter!
"What can I say, I'm a generous woman," Tony replies in kind, and pours them both a couple fingers.
The elevator doors open, and Tony feels a chill go down her spine as she realizes that this is the floor where she was being held, earlier.  She passes each door with some trepidation, until Clint opens a door on their left and Tony relaxes when she realizes it's just a normal-looking hospital room.
Natasha raises an eyebrow, and Asshole snorts.
"Potty break's almost over," he points out, lifting one eyebrow casually.
It's the same conclusion Tony's come to, not that she has to like it, so she just nods and sighs.  A large part of her doesn't even want to voice her next idea.
When JARVIS replies, "Yes, Miss," Tony's drowsy brain can almost forget they're in a completely different dimension.
him," Tony corrects proudly, patting Steve's bicep like the well-pleased partner she is. The man in question looks down at her, his eyes twinkling in amusement. "Hey--watch my ankles," Tony warns as they approach the narrow entryway into the kitchen, craning her neck to see over her fiancé's enormous triceps.
"Oh, sure," he says easily, reaching for the cap to his Gatorade bottle. "If you feel ready to leave medical, I can put you up somewhere nicer." He hops down from his barstool and tilts his head, looking thoughtful. "Actually, I know just the place."
"Wait--so," Man-Tony begins suspiciously from across the room, "Hang on. What I'm getting from this is that you
There's a pause before Man-Tony makes a choked-off noise.  Clint goes over to peer over his shoulder, and immediately starts suppressing laughter, turning around to walk away so that he can bend over the railing while he guffaws.  Bruce, always the mature one, leans in and reads the title with a raised eyebrow.
Steve didn't know if he'd
"What do you mean, 'going with'; I've don't have his words on my boob for nothing," Tony says defensively, feeling offended.
has a dirtier edge.
"I need to get back to the library," Doctor Strange is saying somewhere in the background as Tony sways towards Steve, leaning on him less because she
Steve finally arrives what feels like a few moments later, the sound of his footsteps snapping Tony out of a partial design of a new, slimmer gauntlet.  He comes over and joins her on the ledge, stooping and folding all his long limbs into a sitting position in a move that Tony would perform half as gracefully with half the leg.
Logan snorts. "Why's that?"
Tony thinks a little viciously.
It's almost like all the time away from each other was enough that everyone half-convinced themselves, subconsciously, that this had all been some crazy dream or another.  Steve's other self seems doubly weirded out to be meeting
Instinctively, Tony reaches up to touch Steve with unsteady hands.  He leans into her touch, despite the furrow alarm has put in his brow, and she inhales raggedly around the frightening feeling in her chest.
They pick up their glasses and drink in silence. Tony focuses on enjoying the lingering burn the whiskey leaves as it slides down her throat, on the warm, smokey taste in her mouth and on her breath. The drink in her hand makes it easier to be patient while she waits for him to speak.
"Taking care of you makes me feel better," he tells her simply.  Tony heaves an exaggerated sigh and allows him to tuck her into a hug.  It's not like she can't say
sense of humor. He seemed friendly, sure, but she'd expected him to react to a Harry Potter reference with outright scorn, or at least the tired annoyance of somebody who hears that sort of thing a lot.
A table farther in vibrates with an impact and a muffled
"Sure," Tony says, staring back at the man with eyes that are probably the size of dinnerplates.  She glances over her shoulder at Steve, just to confirm, and he shrugs gamely, obviously not as painfully aware of the subtext like she is.
Tony doesn't know how long she sits there, mind running in circles and repeatedly coming back to the same conclusion.  Her ribs, which had only mildly ached during the battle, have begun to throb, and a large, visible bruise has begun to form on her right bicep where one of the Hydra goons blasted her.
Why does he hate her so much? He doesn't even know...
"What have you two been up to?" Steve asks, casually. The question's directed at both of them, but he's looking at her with a different question in his eyes as he says it.
"Alright, kids; what do we want on our sandwiches," Steve asks drily, opening the fridge with the air of someone who's long since accepted he's the only adult around here.
"Of course," their friend offers graciously, well-spoken as always.  His eyes glimmer bright with their usual vigor and curiosity, but...
"Did you just say 'penis,' a second ago?" Not-Tony asks suspiciously as he picks his way over.  Tony just raises a brow and continues rubbing Steve's back.
Tony blinks, then frowns at Thor thoughtfully.
"You say that every morning," Steve points out, amused.  His eyes are doing that stupid little cute twinkle thing, which only makes Tony feel more irritated.
what he thinks of this entire situation, swearing as violently as he can between breathless wheezes.
Tony can feel a mischievous smile creep across her cheeks as she watches his pupils dilate.  Instead of replying, she says, "JARVIS, lock the door, please."
" Steve--her Steve--says over the comms, his voice echoing around them.  The other, new Avengers are silent.
'" Steve deadpans in an awful, awful Southern accent.  Tony punches him, and he chuckles.
Tony's jaw drops. "Really?" she says gleefully, shuffling around on the bed to get a better look at her glowering counterpart. "You couldn't crack them?  You couldn't crack them?  God, I am a fucking genius, I am so smart I can even beat--"
Antonia Stark.  The first Steve learned of her was in the briefing he received on his friends' post-war lives shortly after his thaw; he opened the file folder and there she was, Antonia "Tony" Stark, smiling winningly amidst all the information about Howard, the picture of bright modernism.  Other than a post-script that said she'd inherited her father's company, there wasn't much info about her in that packet.  What had been included was enough to tell Steve she was smart, driven, business-savvy, and still hadn't found her soulmate.  The rest, he heard by word of mouth, and learned from the file on the Avengers Initiative that Fury had handed him the day before the fight.
"Well, I'd hate to give you anything less than full credit for your efforts," she replies, twining her noodle-like fingers through his hair.  He chuffs affectionately into her shoulder, and Tony floats for a moment as they rest quietly, relishing the warmth of the afterglow.  Tony continues to run her hand through Steve's hair, fingering it idly as the wheels of her brain come back online and the gears begin to turn.
have pegged Doctor Strangr for someone with a good sense of humor--let alone a
Tony's always been creative, but. It's not the time or place.
"Yeah," she croaks, taking a moment to enjoy his warmth against her bare skin.  When she's done, she blinks through her heavy, wet eyelashes and looks at him again.  Her lip wobbles, and it takes an effort not to cry.
"The portal probably just dumps people wherever," Tony says sullenly, looking away. "He probably ended up in zombie Valhalla or something, hell if I know."
Therefore: "Uhh, I'm sorry," Tony says, raising an eminently skeptical eyebrow. "Did you just say '
Doctor Strange definitely doesn't miss their exchange; when Tony looks back at him, his eyes are flickering between them with an eerie, unsettling sense of perceptiveness Tony usually only sees from Clint. If he's able to parse the subtext, however, he doesn't comment--instead, he shrugs and takes a seat near Natasha and Clint on one of the lounge's leather couches, tilting his head as his cloak settles out across the armrest.
Fortunately, Steve just glances up at her before one of the hands on her hips moves to brush through the top of the thin patch of curls, and she shivers.
had her heart ripped out.  She knows what baggage looks like.
Steve asks someone lowly, his voice sending a shiver down her spine when she realizes it's full of what Tony recognizes as familiar concern--
Once her trembling has mostly subsided, Steve makes his move.  His hands tighten on her hips, fingers clenching around her pelvic bone, and he lifts her again, raising her up slowly before fucking her back down on his cock.
Once he's gone, Natasha goes back to staring at her.
"Let's get you inside, uh, Cap," Not-Tony says finally, having made it all the way over to them.
Steve, even though she can tell he's still uncertain, seems reassured by her speech.  He sighs a little shakily and hugs her close, pressing his lips to her hair.  Tony wraps her arms around him firmly and pours every bit of love she has for him into the embrace.
He looks startled, for a second, but he covers it up quickly.  "It's nothing," he mutters, eyes still stuck on the closed elevator doors.  And, see, he might not be Tony's Steve, but he's still
"Okay," he says a few minutes later, once they've both finished their whiskey, "Now, I know you didn't come down here just to give me a reality check. What did you
"Why don't you just stick it in me, soldier?" she quips, eyes glittering at him over her shoulder, and she feels more than hears his breath hitch before his big hands grasp her hips and he yanks her back.  She gasps and laughs delightedly, but that stutters to a stop when he folds himself over her back to say, voice husky and playful, "You asked for it."
he's sneaky.
indeed.  They shift and curl into each other, Steve rising from the bed while Tony draws herself against him, and their next kiss
'Just the place' turns out to be down the long hallway off the kitchen.  They pass the solitary, dark-stained door that, similarities holding true, should lead to his own private suite.  Tony eyes it, and that familiar itch to investigate prickles at her bones, raises goosebumps on her skin, but she resists the urgent pull telling her to satisfy her curiosity and drags her attention to the present as they move on.
"Hey,
"Yes, Ma," Steve replies cheekily.  He slips off the ledge, reached over, and lifts her up gently by the waist like the fine-ass gentleman he is before settling her delicately on her feet.
"Mister Stark asked me to inform you that Thor has returned," the AI says politely, smoothly relaying the message.
"Yes, JARVIS?" she says, setting her tools down on the bench where she's been busy reshaping the upper chest panels on her suit.
Tony looks at Steve, amused. Steve, in response, tries to appear stern and fails; there's a smile on his lips when he calls, "We're coming, Tony."
of blood; I wish I had a fucking towel or some shit instead of all this metal, Jesus--" Her attention is totally focused on the bleeding wound in his leg, which, to be fair, looks pretty bad if you don't know the serum, so she misses the way Steve's eyebrows shoot up into his hairline.
He told Bucky so once, when they were seventeen and drunk off their minds in an alley on some whiskey they'd nicked from a corner store down the block.
"Yeah, that's fine," Tony says, waving it away as she backs up back into the bathroom, "I've used my fair share of foreign bath products."  Man-Tony looks nostalgic, and Steve raises one wry eyebrow.
The lab, other than being 1.5 times bigger, looks pretty much the same. She can hear some kind of welding or metalwork going on further in, so clearly someone's at home, which makes it doubly rude that he locked her out.
After a moment, and without facing her, he slowly lifts his head.
Then, Steve tilts her hips
"Whoa, jeez. Did you piss someone off, or something?" he asks as she approaches, probably still fuming visibly.
for them being here, any reason at all, Tony
"Oh, Steve," Peggy's soothing voice crackled over the line as she sighed, changed by age but somehow still so familiar. "You
"Oh, Steve," she purrs as he stands (and lifts her with him, armor and all, what a panty-dropper), "I think this is the beginning of a
"Bucky Barnes," his soulmate says, looking at him speculatively. "Let's catch up
"Well, Toto," she mutters wearily before flopping back down on the bed, wishing she could put her head in her hands, "it looks like I'm not in Kansas anymore."
Logan's doomed.
"It's fine," he says, mouth quirking wryly before he adds, "I used to work at a hospital; I've seen it all."
"Well, here it is," he announces needlessly. Tony puts her glass down and stands, bracing herself for the sight of the damage.
"Serving me that special self-hatred, huh?" Tony says weakly before she can think better of it.
holding off on Harry Potter jokes," Tony complains, ignoring all of these things and stomping angrily into the room, "and then
there's no way a spell used to travel between
The suit whirs futuristically and the rest of the helmet clicks away as Stark kneels down next to him, already talking a mile a minute: "Oh dear sweet holy mother of God, that is a
"I think," she says, voice shaky, then swallows and says, a little steadier, "I  think you should take off your underwear and lay on the bed."
He has that look on his face, again: that very particular, one of a kind
She feels lightheaded with the feeling as Steve moves inside her, over and with her and around her,
Several hours into their work, probably sometime around dinner, Steve makes his appearance.
Tony feels weak with the knowledge, shattered by the powerful swell of emotion she feels when she looks at him--at Steve--her
"No," Tony declares. "Wait--yes. You can choose what kind of vegetables it'll be," she decides.
"Hey, Rosie," the purple wonder calls, "he's asking for you."
Fuck, Steve, I'm going in, I'm going--"
Steve looks up from where he's busy toweling off Tony's calf.  "Yes, JARVIS?"
Tony realizes like a sucker punch to the gut.  It's
And Tony absolutely, positively does not cry.
"I think there's some leftover chicken in there," her counterpart says. "Or that may have been last month; I'm not really sure," he adds, shrugging like he can't be bothered to remember these things.
Tony plops herself in the chair beside Steve's bed, then takes his hand in both of hers and presses it to her cheek, closing her eyes.
"No, no--please, feel free," Doctor Strange suddenly insists, hastily interjecting before Tony or Tony can protest. "Don't stop on my account."
"Good," he rumbles.  A few minutes later, his breathing evens out in a familiar way, and seconds later he's sound asleep.  Tony gets comfortable (by which she means she pulls her tank top back out of her armpits) and draws up her plans for the Mark XLI in her head, then settles in to wait.
Steve obliges her.  One moment, Tony's mostly upright, straddling his thigh, and the next, they're sitting on the shower bench, her in his lap.  Tony reaches out and braces her hands against a dry portion of tile wall, her wet palms scrabbling for purchase as he takes hold of her hips.  His hands wrap perfectly around her body, spanning the entirety of her sides as his fingertips grip over her hipbones, and he lifts her up effortlessly above him, positioning her carefully over his lap.
upset."
The body behind her shifts, moving in closer.  Tony's heart jumps as the air around her tingling back warms with a familiar heat.  His breath puffs hot against her neck, and every hair on Tony's body stands on end.  Arousal flares low within her, like a Pavlovian reaction.
"Uh, thanks," Steve says, sounding amused.
"For now," he allows, looking down at her for a moment. He glances up, once, looking at her counterpart, then looks back at her.
To the lounge it is, then.
"Not Iron Woman?" Not-Tony asks immediately, like a compulsion.  Tony just shrugs.
By the time Steve's getting the snot beaten out of him by Loki, he's long since heard of Iron Man--or, perhaps more accurately, the Iron
Of course, like all good things Steve had had, it didn't last.
"You have his what on your where?" Man-Tony replies as Steve chokes on his own saliva in the background and begins coughing violently.
Tony goes still.
"Is she alright?" Steve--no,
"I believe he was seriously considering it," Steve says, straight-faced, after placing the shower caddy on the ground.  His eyes crinkle at the corners and he leans in to give her a kiss, stubble scraping the corners of her mouth.
"If they used a relic, that would also factor in," Strange mutters to himself suddenly, frowning; his eyes grow distant as he considers the additional possibilities.
I don't--"
"Have fun in your library," she tells him when her eyes meet his.
"What about Odin?" Clint offers, and all eyes swing towards him.  His normally affable expression is perfectly neutral, for many reasons--maybe even more than just those Tony knows of, and isn't that an unhappy trip?
, vision going white with the intensity of it, the incredible pleasure as her body twitches and spasms and her vocal chords are put totally beyond her control.
"Nah, it's not your fault; couldn't have known we'd be up here," Man-Tony dismisses with a wave of his hand, casually forgiving the trespassing.
"Exactly."  Tony glances between them, feeling something uncomfortable bubble in her stomach. "Look, all I can tell you is what I know, in my universe."
finish this discussion later."
to and more because she suddenly feels like she
She can tell it's Stark Tower and not Avengers Tower because the tell-tale awkward elevator music she'd put in after reconstruction to piss off Clint is absent, which--freaks Tony out, some.  She tries not to fidget as Natasha and Not-Tony take her down in silence, to what Tony guesses is probably the lab.
His gaze bores into her like a brand.  His eyes, bright, nearly electric blue in the light, are fixed on her face when she looks at him, burning into hers with an intensity that sends sparks crackling under Tony's skin.  Something dark and possessive flickers in his expression as he looks her over, his eyes roving over her body so intently that Tony swears she can feel them blazing a trail upon her skin.
come down here for?"
don't get me wrong, but Pepper isn't--"
get a say in this?" Steve asks her mildly, faint amusement in his eyes as he watches this entire exchange.
Somehow, she gets the feeling she's missing (
Bruce, ever the voice of sanity and reason among them, removes his glasses in the curious silence that follows and offers to the general assemblage, "So what now?"
"Shut up, before I make you eat your vegetables," Tony says as they mount the three steps to the upper landing, their feet echoing on the hardwood floors. "Or make Steve make you eat your vegetables. Either way, come quietly, or someone's gonna force-feed you."
It also means that when his words first pop up in the 1910s, he's pretty pissed off at the whole goddamn universe.
