"EMERGENCY! SUBJECT SNOW HAS ESCAPED! SUBJECT SNOW IS TO BE TRANQUILIZED! SUBJECT CONFIRMED ABILITY!" Red lights flashed as the mechanical echo blasted through the speakers. He turned the corner and ducked under a fist. It had a taser it in. Instinctively he balled his hands into fist and slammed them into precise areas. The man crumbled to the floor. He continued to run, not stopping to think of anything but freedom.
It seemed that even though they had just gotten into another fight, Tony was still strangely generous. On Thursday a moving truck came and people helped Steve move all his things from his Brooklyn apartment to Stark Tower. They moved all the things into the second floor from the top, in between Tony's and Bruce's floor. It was strange to walk into the floor that was specifically designed for him. The entire floor screamed
"Did Pepper or Bruce send you down here with that?" He asked in an accusing tone. Steve raised a brow before he picked up another chip and ate in slowly. He swallowed before shaking his head.
"Steve." He said, the voice coming out of some sort of desperate plea, for what he did not know. He would never know, for the moment was broken by Zac barging into his apartment.
"So this machine makes it so a person could see the waves that cause the bonds? Are you going to make this readily available to S.H.E.I.L.D or S.E.H? This could help save many lives" Natasha asked, a tint of intrigue in her tone. They both knew just how many lives could be saved. Everyday Sentinel and Guides committed suicide when they couldn't forge Bonds. It would also help S.H.E.I.L.D's interpersonal relationship clause. It was a well known fact that S.H.E.I.L.D wanted its agents to forge Bonds. Because it kept the whole 'my boyfriend and I broke up' drama that came with in a company like their. Trained killers and emotional drama was never good. Add Guides to the mix and it was asking for problems. Tony tapped the front of the goggles in consideration.
"We were on a couch. Your shirt was off and there was a bandage on your shoulder. I think you or I changed it because the bandage looked fresh." Tony said, skimming off some of the details in the hopes that Steve would just gloss over it. A strange look descended over Steve's face for a moment. Tony shifted a bit as Steve stared down at him with a different expression. Silence seemed to be deafening.
"Don't know what you are talking about Steve." Tony mumbled, looking in the opposite direction.
When he was seventeen, his parents died in a car crash. He couldn't help but feel some relief that he wouldn't have to deal with the constant influx of hatred from his parents. Obadiah Stane stepped up to take control of Stark Industries while Tony continued to move through college gathering degrees. When he turned 21, he took over the company. Things seemed okay. Obadiah was nice to him, though all his thoughts was the word soon and all the emotion that came off the man was a strange sense of glee. It wasn't until he was 24 that he figured out what that meant. He gained a great Sentinel assistant, Virginia "Pepper" Potts. She could ease some of the emotions that were influx in around him. But for the most part, she left him to his own devices. Things spiraled out of control when he was 25. He was kidnapped, tortured, made the Arc Reactor and the first Iron Man suit as well as felt, for the first time, someone die. All this made him drink more and more, have sex with more and more people. He was spirally down and it was like he was own a suicide mission. His self-destructive ways exploding all around him. He was on a downward spiral that no Sentinel in the world could stop. Which was a shame, because the entire Enhanced society desperately wanted to keep Tony alive. He was too powerful to lose. They had already lost the most powerful Sentinel to date, they didn't want to lose Tony on top of it.
"No, I would rather risk the two. Also...if I could meet them in a public place, I would very much prefer it." He said, looking around to the diner, seeing that it was fill with the usual people. Phil regarded him with a cool expression before he lifted his sleeve and spoke into a micro phone there.
"You know, Lisa just moved in here, but her lease at her apartment isn't up for another three months. Also, my friend just opened a car shop just down the way. He was looking for another mechanic. He has one but he says he needs another to help when they have the rush of people that come in with serious issue from riding out in the dunes." Harold said. Jet nodded, making it look like he was considering it. He ate slowly, but efficiently. His mouth was never without something in it. Whether it was lemonade or food. He paused only to speak.
"That is great. Well can you take him with you to the shop in the morning. That way he could help you. Well, I got a wife waiting for me at home. I will see you both later!" With that Harold left, setting the key to the apartment on the night stand by the door. Jet stood there awkwardly for a moment. Zac looked at him before giving him a once over.
"It is what I would have done if I recently found out I was a hero" Steve said with a shrug before nodding to Clint, who said they would be landing on the Tower soon. Tony stood up, wanting to watch as they descended towards the Tower. This was the tower he supposedly built for his new age Clean Energy process. He still wasn't exactly sure what he was doing here but he felt….at home as he stepped out of the jet. His heart took a moment to pause in his chest. A sense of anticipation washed over him.
'Just one more drink and he'll be mine' A male's thought though in Tony's direction.
It seemed that no one informed the compound that they were arriving, because when they touched down, the place erupted into chaos. There were people moving out of his way, which was a good thing. Steve instantly felt a tug deep down in him and his mind was on the hunt for the source. He snarled when he sensed that there were Bond-less Sentinels around his Match. He was not amused by this, even though rationally he knew it was all for Tony's sanity. Steve moved through the compound like he was familiar with it, when he wasn't. He could only do it because he was following the tugging in his mind and gut. He could feel how close he was getting to Tony.
"Pepper." Steve cut Pepper's upset rant before it could really begin. She looked upset but kept her mouth shut. It was obvious that the woman was still dealing with what happened. Jet reached out and grabbed the woman's other hand. He just held it, wanting to give the woman some comfort. Yet doing that seemed to make Pepper dissolve even more into tears. Before he could think about it, he pulled the woman out of her chair and into his. He wanted to hold her. He wasn't sure why, but he wanted to reassure her that he was alive. She wrapped her arms tightly around him and just cried harder. He wrapped his arms around her shoulder and rested his chin on the top of her head for a moment before moving to kiss the blond hair. The smell of her perfume tickled his nose and suddenly he remember that this was the woman who had been there for him since forever. He remember her helping him do all sort of things. The memories were out of order, out of place and gave nothing away but he could remember that she was always there for him. He squeezed her tightly.
"No? I didn't find any other one's that I like...Maybe I could look again."
'Have to get free. Have to get free.' Was all he could think about in that moment. His hand moved over the walls, searching for some kind of door. He hit his hand not the wall, when he found none.
"Why thank you Clint, I believe that is the greatest compliment I have ever received." Pepper said as she swept into the room. Steve felt his mouth go dry. Pepper Potts was a beauty. Her hair was neat as a pin and her suit fit her perfect. She held herself in a way that would make any man stand at attention. She gave Steve the kindest of smiles before sitting in the chair by his bed side. Steve was glad that he was prompted up against the head board, because he would feel even more uneasy if he had been lying down.
The Avengers were silent. The Doom bots stuttered the died where they stood. No one said a word. They stood there in stunned silence. Tony, once again, had sacrificed himself. Only this time, they felt the sick dread that he wasn't coming back. It took hours to finally locate where Tony and the Iron Man suit. Pepper had called to warn them that they would likely walk into a horrific scene. She had found out that Tony had activated the failsafe measured for all the suits. Meaning they all exploded and became unrecognizable. Steve felt like bile was taking up permanent residence in his mouth. He had lost friends and a love before, but Tony had been everything to him in this time. He had been his brother in arms, best friend and partner. They had been dating for a little bit, taking things slowly for Tony's sake, as well as his own if he was honest. Now he regretted it. He would never know what it would be like to finally have all of Tony.
In 1820, Humans underwent a drastic evolutionary change. It started off as one person, then a group of people, then a larger group of people. Soon it was a common occurrence. Humans were no longer just defined by sex, nationality, race and the like. They were also defined by whether or not their were the 'Enhancements'. The Human species had evolved two different sets of people; The Mentalist and the Sensitives. However those names were not mainstream enough, so people began to call the two new types of humans; The Sentinel and the Guides. That sticks a little more then the other two words. The Mentalist, better known as the Guides, short for Empathic and Telepathic people, are able to sense people's emotions and very powerful ones can even read minds. The Sensitives, better known as the Sentinel, are given acute awareness of the world around themselves and their bodies normally are honed weapons. Their senses are heightened to a great degree and the pinnacle of strength is being able to see into the direct future. Early on it was discovered that Sentinel and Guides needed one another to be steady in their lives. It was hard for the Sentinel to live their lives normally because of the constant influx of sensory input and sometimes they were even driven mad by it. The Guides were basically the same expect with emotions and thoughts of those around them.
"Yes, Tony. I understand what you want." He said softly.
"Drop it Barton" Tony said with a snarl in his tone.
Banner said this as if he had been dissecting Tony since the moment he was born. It made…sense in some way. Like men who strove to over compensate for some failing. He felt sick to his stomach again as he realized that his words were basically stabbing at a vulnerable Tony. Each time Tony left looking like he had been kicked around. That is what Steve did to the other man. He tore into the man for no reason other than the fact the man reminded him that he was nothing to this world. Everyone had a use for Captain America, but Steve Rogers was a nobody that no one cared about. While Tony was wanted in both forms, known in both forms and loved in both forms.
He felt sweat roll down the back of his neck as he stood in the middle of the disaster of an area. He couldn't believe that they were at the cusp of the end. He knew it was the end. He was a genius after all. He could see the writing on the wall while everyone else was still holding on to the hope that things would get better. That they would pull out of this one. He knew they wouldn't be. He could tell that Black Widow was at the end of her rope. Blood coated her side and she was trying to hide the fact she had a limp now. Hawkeye was struggling to find arrows he had used to kill the bots and fighting to stay alive. The Hulk was wavering, shrinking while he still fought. Thor was bleeding and panting, swing Mjolnir a little slower. Not that anyone else could see this all like he did in one sweeping moment. Steve seemed to not be slowing down. But this could not be done by one soldier alone. No, he would not be able to stop Dr. Doom and that horrible device that the man was struggling to start up.
Jet worked hard on getting the car to work. It turned out that there was something caught in the belt. Which made it difficult or next to impossible to run. Once he got that out and made sure that everything was working right, Harold started the car effortlessly. Jet did not even have to ask if he could hitch a ride into town, Harold was already packing him inside, talking about how his wife was making dinner and he had to come. Jet just smiled and went along with it. What else could he say? He needed to get to town and Harold felt like he owed him for fixing the car. When they arrived to town and headed to Harold's tiny home, his wife Lisa was overjoyed to have him home safe. It seemed that Harold's phone died so he had been unable to call for help let alone let his wife know he was ok. Lisa was so grateful to Jet that she insisted he stay for dinner.
"Tony, it's me. Capscile. I was born in a time, where kissing happened a month into the relationship. I am used to slow. We will go at whatever pace you set." Tony let out a grateful breath before he wrapped his arms and hugged Steve. The larger man moved Tony into his lap and wrapped him up in his arms, protecting him from the outside world. Tony seemed to need that. Tony seemed to need someone strong enough to make him eat and sleep, without wanting anything from him but to take care of his own health. Needed someone to protect him, even though he could protect himself just fine.
The man was only wearing lounge pants. His head was in someone's lap. That is not what made it so intimate. What was intimate was the fact there, in the middle of the man's chest, the only color in the entire picture, was the machine that was in Jet's chest as well. A large hand was resting just beneath it and only a thumb was over it. He could almost feel that thumb stroking over the machine. He touched his chest, right where it was. He looked up at Steve for a moment. The man gave him a heart felt smile. Jet felt his heart race as Steve reached out, pausing for a moment before that large hand came to rest over the arc reactor. There was no fumbling around to find it. The hand just laid exactly on top of it. The familiarity of that touch sent tears sliding down Jet's cheek. Jet grabbed Steve's hand and pressed it harder to the machine in his chest, desperate to over come the feeling that was gripping him.
He remained sitting on the floor, wallowing in how empty everything felt. It was like Tony came it and stole what little sense of home the apartment had, leaving him with nothing. Again.
"What else was going on in the dream, Tony?" Steve's hand moved up his sides a bit, touching the bare skin under his large shirt. He let out a soft hickkup of breath. He was waiting to see where Steve was going to take this. He wanted so much. He was starved for affection and touch. But especially for Steve's affection and touch. The ride here had not helped at all.
"Yeah, but what is it? You can tell me. I promise not to tell." He said, knowing he sounded a bit childish. Tony gave him a calculating look before a small smile appeared on his lips. His fingers crawled cautiously across the table, towards the plate. Steve pretended to look perplexed.
"Tony will always make it seem like he's not doing something for you. He will make it all about himself, he will always be sarcastic. But that is 'Tony Speak'. That is his way of protecting himself from rejection, mockery and from being used. If it is all about him, then no one can ever say that he was being generous or giving. No one can say he is weak." Steve looked confused about this.
"Steve Rogers" He said with soft tone as he sat down in the other empty chair fiddling with the book, sketch book to be exact, nervously. Steve gave him a boyish smile before motioning towards the food.
"Ah! Zac! Just the man I wanted to see. Jet this is Zac. He also works at the Shop. Hey, is Marco still looking for a mechanic. Jet here is good with cars. He fixed mine." Harold said as Zac walked into the room. Jet felt like he was punched in the gut. The man was tall and strong. With corded muscles and a very serious built, yet that is not what made him feel uneasy. It was the eyes. There were a deep grey blue. Not the right color blue though, his mind whispered. He looked taken back for a moment, not sure what the right color blue was but the man looked amazing. His dyed blond hair and blue eyes accompanied by those muscles made him a very attractive man. Jet shook Zacs hand.
"Really? And….all we were doing was sitting on the couch…..me…shirtless?" His tone was huskier, sending tendrils of pleasure down Tony's spine. Tony shifted a bit in place, looking away.
"Not sure how much of me is back, but yeah. I am glad…to finally come home" Tony said in a whisper tugging on his Captain America sweater. It was true. Standing here in the middle of the kitchen was a hundred times better then standing in the apartment. He felt kinship to the place. He felt like this was home. That Bruce, Natasha, Clint and Steve all were a part of that. He hadn't seen it before they landed, but now that he was standing there, taking it in… He knew nothing would ever compare to this place; to this home that seemed to call to him.
"Perhaps, if you allow sir, I can check your….system and see if there is a coding problem." Tony had to laugh at the idea, before giving Jarvis the go ahead. There was a tense moment before Tony felt that presence in his mind, only this time it moved in him. It was the strangest thing he had ever felt, but the presence moved quickly and efficiently before it latched onto something. The code looked weird but before Tony could really catch what it was for, Jarvis dismantled the code. Tony felt the anger vanish just as quickly as it came. Tony felt relief for a moment.
"You are using that thing in your head to figure out more about who you were." Steve shot back in a cool tone. Tony stiffened before looking at Steve again, feeling a bit impressed that the man knew him that well.
"So Steve, what did Clint tell you about Project Match?"
It was all too much. He ripped away from the woman, catching her as she stumbled. He made sure she was righted before he...ran. He bolted. Phil, Natasha and Clint moved to stop him when a loud voice barked behind him.
"I know because we are the same. Fundamentally we are the same."
Tony maneuvered himself so that he was straddling Steve's prone form. The blond just remained pushed up on his elbows as Tony's fingers pushing into his hair to control the kiss. Their tongues dueled and delved in each other's mouths. Tony's fingers flexed around those soft blond locks as his hips rocked once against Steve's lap. The blond tore out of the kiss with a growl before Steve pushed all the way up so that Tony was sitting in his lap. This time it was Steve's fingers in Tony's hair, tugging it a bit so the Genius' neck was arched a little. Steve's mouth latched onto that elegant neck, attacking it, marking it. His teeth sent shivers and shards of pleasures spiraling down his spine. He was letting out pathetic sounds as Steve marked his as his own. He was Steve's now. There was a sense of comfort knowing he belonged to someone. That no matter what, he belonged to Steve.
"TONY! What are you doing?" Steve's voice called through the ear piece. It was now clear to their fearless leader that something was up. Clint and Natasha were saying that they had lost visual of Iron Man. Dr. Doom was screaming something about the device. Tony knew already. He already knew. There was no going back. He flew higher.
"Hey….you lost or something?"
"What has caused you distress Lady Jane!" The man looked around for a threat. His blue eyes, still the wrong color, landed on Jet. That same look of horror crossed the blond's face before he dropped the hammer and opened his arms.
"This coffee is the only reason I am forgiving you for breaking into my place" He grumbled, picking his head up off the table only to take drinks off the delicious coffee. Soon it was gone. He looked at the cup with a pitiful look before Steve slid another one over to him. Jet looked at the coffee then Steve then the coffee again.
"No, Captain America is an idol, but not someone to be jealous of. I don't know the man behind the mask. I...am relearning you." Tony said with a cocky grin. They were hidden by the side of the building. No one could see them at all. Steve took advantage of this, reaching out and tugging Tony over by his new jacket. He reached up and held Tony's face before pushing his fingers back into that longish hair. He grinned before leaning down and stealing a kiss.
"It's ok, Tony. It'll be ok" Steve said against his hair, placing another kiss there. Tony wanted to deny this, wanted to tell Steve that they could hurt him like they had hurt Tony. Instead, he just melted into those arms again. He took a deep breath, breathing in that smell of leather, ice and masculinity.
"I will give you this one pass, Rogers. But that's it. Stark is part of the team and that means that you respect him like you would any other solider. If you continue down this path…well Bruce, Pepper and I will have to sit you down and have a long talk about Tony. I can guarantee you once we are finished, you will feel only regret and guilt." Natasha spoke in an even tone, as if she was speaking about the weather. He swallowed and nodded in agreement. He wasn't sure as to what they could say that would make him regret his words. But he wasn’t one to cross Natasha. She could likely figure out a way to overcome his increased healing ability. He walked slowly towards the flight deck to catch his flight. To say he felt even more like an outsider was an understatement. Everyone was siding with Tony. Everyone was protecting Tony. Where did he fit in if he didn't fit in with the Avengers?
"Is there anything you want to bring? We already payed the nice couple that let you live here, so we can just go. Phil will have the door repaired, so that isn't something to worry about" Steve said with shrug before he sent out a text.
Emptiness.
Then if that wasn't bad enough, he had started dating this lovely girl. She was brunette, with deep brown eyes and intelligent. Tony had warned him, aggressively, to be careful. But he hadn't listened. He thought he was fine, that he had kept his secret identity under lock and key. But when she started to ask to come over to his place, started making backwards comments about his strange schedule and the like, he had began to wonder. It wasn't until Natasha dropped a folder on the kitchen counter and slid it across the table to him, did he realize his mistake. Tony had been right. The woman he had been dating for the last three weeks had been obsessed with Captain America. Had hunted down everything about him before finding him conveniently in the coffee shop across the street from the tower. He had thought nothing of meeting her. He had been getting Tony coffee since they were out. The last thing he had expected was a stalker to come up to him while he was order Tony an extra tall, extra strong black coffee.
"It is top secret. I am making something that will revolutionize the world! Well that is needless to say. Everything I make revolutionizes the world." Tony said, shifting on his feet as if debating on what he should do next. He looked at the water bottle and then looked to the door. Steve hummed.
"That man is crazy. He has been working on this new Stark tech for the last three days. No sleep, no food and no water. I don't know how he does it." Bruce said, clearly knowing he could never do that. Steve paused in making his sandwich, frowning at this information. He looked down at his large sandwich. He pulled out a knife and cut it in half before looking into the cupboards.
"Basically, Steve is one of the most powerful Sentinels to date. Without a bond and with enough time he will either do serious damage to himself or he will end up doing some serious damage to others. His case, though it seems like it, is not unique. Every day we have to deal with the fact that Sentinels and Guides are spiraling off into insanity and harming people at the same time. Not everyone is as versed as I am in avoiding insanity " Natasha snorted, he pointedly ignored it and continued on.
Time moved on and things settled into the regular time stream. However World War two was a little different. It was a dark time for Guides, for they were being slaughtered by the thousands. The idea was the the Sentinel were too powerful to be shackled down to a person who was in tune with emotions. That it made them weak to be under the influence of the Guides. Yet, what they did not know was that without Guides, Sentinel go mad and act out in a violent rages. The war was brutal.
"Barton, Coulson tell Romanoff that I will be taking Tony home via the bike. Yeah I am sure."
"You didn't come to work today. On top of that, this guy comes asking about the stuff you worked on. Then I find out you spent the entire day with that blond guy" The man snarled, pushing him deeper into the bed. He didn't understand why the man was so angry at him.
"Are you ok Tony?" Pepper asked as concerned washed off her in strong waves. It was only her closeness to Natasha that canceled out her thoughts as well. She reached out and took a hold of Natasha's hand when she noticed Tony wince. It seemed emotions were running higher today. He could feel so much that it was nearly suffocating him. He hadn't noticed it before because his mind had been focused on the tablet. But now he had nothing to focus on, so his mind sought out everything to focus on. He figured his genius was the reason why his powers were so strong. His mind needed to be occupied at all times. What better way to do that then to get constant input from everyone in a 25 miles range? He took another shot of bourbon, feeling his senses numb a bit more.
Tony's neglected member hung there, dripping with precum. Tony wanted to reach back and stroke himself but he was afraid that if he did it would ruin the rhythm they had going. Steve seemed to noticed them because there was a soft chuckle before those lust filled voice stroked over him.
His thigh started to shake. It was getting harder to stand up like that. Eventually he collapsed off to one side, gripping the sheets tightly before pushing up and back. Steve turned his body smirking. Tony was half laying on the bed while his knees were still on either side of his hips. It offered Steve a better angle. Steve began to move his fingers faster, remembering just how Tony liked it. Those fingers hit Tony's prostate each time. It was like a machine gun sending bullets of pleasure through Tony. Tony was panting into the bed, pushing back into Steve, who was opening him up.
"Because even with amnesia, you still skip meals." Steve said with a slight pause before he went back to his sketching. Jet was tense. Did that mean Steve though he was the man they were looking about. Jet brought his legs up and held his coffee cup close, watching Steve smell of coffee and the scratching sounds of pencil on paper made lulled Jet into a kind of doze. He wasn't tired, he was just at peace in a sense. He watched Steve sketch from behind hooded eyes. He felt a smile pull on his lips at how familiar this scene was. He closed his eyes.
"Tony, after this, we are going to have to take a plane back home. It's not safe to travel like this any longer." Steve said in a commanding tone before he popped up from behind the motorcycle and fired off a couple of shot in the direction of the car. Tony noticed the bullets weren't…normal looking. They were a strange green color. Tony soon found out why when they slammed into the car. The tires and metal of the framework began to melt.
Jet knew he was being pathetic. Hell, Zac even told him he was whenever Jet told him how he wanted to remember everything again. Yeah, he knew it was a pathetic. But he couldn't help it. He figured that Zac knew a lot about him, because all the things the man said were confirmed in the dark of the night. When no one was around, in the darkness of the apartment, voices whispered things to him. Calling him the merchant of death, how he was a prick, a good for nothing fool and on and on. It was always the same, the voices were different, but it was always the same. The voices were telling him that he was a horrible person. He was a person who caused death. He felt sick when he was alone because the voices never stopped. He sometimes found himself in the bathroom, contemplating the best way to just...end it all. But he couldn't. Not so long as his dreams continued to give him the nameless blond who seemed to cherish and care about him.
"No. Natasha did not break up Tony and Pepper. Pepper was burnt out with constantly trying to make them work. She came into her own sexual identity, as did Tony, recently. So the struggle was too much for either of them. Plus Tony treated Pepper too much like a sister to be her lover." Bruce said, clearing the air for the two lover birds. Not that he needed to explain anything to Steve, but the man appreciated it none the less.
"We can do that. They aren't in state right now. They are traveling as we speak. But um...just to let you know, some of Thor's friends are a little bit...eccentric. Just to let you know that up front." Jane said with a small laugh. Jet gave her a grin.
"Well, I don't mind eccentric. I think that I was an eccentric person as well." He said with a laugh. Jane gave him a heart felt smile before patting his arm and leaving. He watched her leave, feeling a little better about everything. He stood there for a moment, letting the sky darken around him. He laid on the outskirts of town, underneath the canopy of a little shop that was there. Hours passed without him even acknowledging them. He just lost himself in the thoughts that came forward. The feeling of doubt and insecurity prominent. He wanted to be found. He wanted someone to claim him as their own. Whether it be their friend, family, enemy, lover or really anything. He wanted to know who he was so that he could start working on finding the man who made him feel completely safe. But there was the danger that Thor and Jane were a part of the group that had...tortured him. The people he had escaped from. Was he willing to risk it? Was he willing to risk being captured for the chance of being found?
Steve swallowed, but before he could say anything Bruce spoke up.
"Yeah, it was a memory. One of my favorites." Those lips twitched before those hands reached up and rested on Tony's hips. His light jogging pants sliding down a bit as Steve's thumbs rubbed circles along his hip bones. Tony shivered and bit his bottom lip for a moment.
The next several days found Steve puttering around his apartments, trying to make it feel like home. But no matter what he did, it never turned out right. It never felt more than a temporary living space. He laid in bed, trying to think of something else he could do. He stared at his ceiling, wondering what more could be done when he heard his apartment door open. He sat up and rushed into the living room, intent on finding out who was entering his home unannounced. He stopped and stared at the last person who was expecting. Tony Stark was sitting on his couch, in his apartment, holding two cups of what smelt like coffee. The other man gave Steve him a once over before taking a sip off his coffee.
"Why do you keep laughing?" Jet asked, still unsure of Steve, but the companionable atmosphere and the rightness of everything was enough to let him know he made the right choice. Steve paused in his sketching to look up at Jet. There was a softness in those blue eyes and a depth of caring that made Jet uneasy.
They stopped outside a small two story motel/apartment complex. It seemed the top floor was for people who were staying for long periods of times while the first floor was for the people who were just passing through. Jet followed Harold up to room 26. Jet looked around the apartment, finding it to be a small one bedroom apartment. It had a homey feel to it. There was a futon as a bed, a couch and a small kitchenette. Jet gave Harold a thumbs up, liking it. Soon another man filled the doorway. Jet stiffened and stared at the man, placing his hands behind his back in order to hid his fists.
"Stop, I am sorry. I just was startled. I don't like people touching it. It bothers me. Please, Zac. I am sorry." Jet said in a whisper. He didn't want to be alone. He hated being alone. He knew it was pathetic but he was already so alone in the world and desperate to not be. He let go of Zac's arm when the man jerked it. He looked down.
Steve stood there as the urge to punch something over came him. It took all of his control not to put a hole in the wall. Instead he looked down at the spilled coffee with a snarl. Then his control snapped. Grabbing the couch he flipped it, tossed the table with it, pushing the chairs over, knocking book down until he collapsed to the floor. Hands gripped his hair tightly as he ground his teeth together. He snapped at Tony when the man went out of his way to tell him what was going on. Instead of an Agent coming by to give him his orders, Tony had come himself to tell him. Another familiar face. More kid's gloves. He gripped tighter, feeling the hair follicle scream in protest. He felt stuck in an storm raged ocean, struggling to keep his head afloat. But every time he got his baring it felt like someone, Tony, was shoving him back under.
Suddenly black cars pulls around him, people with guns moving out of the cars.
To:Tony   From: Natasha
"Woke up early. I couldn't sleep much. How's the mini van?" Jet nodded over at the van that was sitting there with it's hood up. Zac let out a frustrated sigh before waved his hand at it.
"You left without eating. Clint and Natasha said that they had interrupted you at the start of the day so you were likely unable to get food. Figured you could use a meal." He said as he flipped to a random page and pulled a pencil out from the binding of the book. Steve began to randomly draw as if it wasn't abnormal for them to do this. Jet paused and took a bite of the hamburger. He let out another groan and began to eat, trying to recall the last time he ate. There was another chuckle. Jet washed his mouthful down with the coffee before licking his lips.
There was a curse from the kitchen. Tony looked at Steve with a raised brow, not sure if that was an affirmative on the coffee or if he should just stay here so Steve or Natasha could handle the cursing voice. Steve just motioned for Tony to follow him, Natasha already heading into the kitchen. Tony walked in with a raised brow. He noted that Clint was leaning against the counter, watching Steve and himself enter the room. There was a nervous looking man holding a cup of tea tightly, as if it was the last thing he would ever drink. The man's eyes moved over Tony quickly before he let go of the cup and rounded the counter. His hand held Tony's shoulder. Tony couldn't help but raise a brow, his eyes skirting over to Steve and Natasha. The two looked sadden by this but there was a certain amount of joy there as well. Before Tony could think too much on it, he was yanked into a strong hug.
"He is a genius of the highest caliber. He makes me look like a regular guy, hell he makes Reed Richards look like a regular guy. He bested his father at a young age. But what is more then that is that he is constantly in the public eye. Anything and everything he does is under a microscope. He has a bad break up, and everyone is out to get him. Everyone wants a piece of him. If the world knew he was affection starved, desperate for someone to touch him and understand him, what do you think would happen? What do you think his enemies would do?" Bruce whispered the last part softly.
"Stark figured out the science behind Match Pairs and created a pair of goggles that can read the signature of Sentinels and Guides. He launched this program with the backing of the Society of Enhanced Humans to help Sentinels and Guides find their Perfect Match or near perfect matches. Pepper Potts, Tony's Personal Assistant, is spear heading the program. Guess who they are matching first?" Clint said with a wide grin. Steve was still reeling at the possibilities. To be able to have help finding a person's Perfect Match, the equivalent to a soul mate, was something he could not wrap his mind around. He stared at Clint with his mouth a gaped. Surely the man couldn't mean...him? No, that would be beyond generous of Tony. No, it had to be someone else. A Perfect Match was the one person who could make the sensation dim. The one person who could make life easier. It was a dream for every Sentinel and Guide to find that person. That soul mate that would make life better.
"How the…"
"Thank you Jarvis. Now can you give me information on what happened after I...died." He said in a serious tone.
"Hi..." Jet returned, not sure what to say. His eyes fell to the coffee, staring at it like it was the holy grail.
"It was a memory…?" Tony asked softly, his eyes opening. Steve's blue eyes were ablaze with desire. Tony couldn't say anything. The words were choked down by the strength of Steve's gaze.
Telepathy was granted to only those Guides born with strong empathy. It was thought that the empathy made it easier for the Guides to read a person's thoughts. Either way, Tony had a hard time dealing with it all. Anyone would have a hard time dealing with it. But at the same time it was a huge asset to his business. He was able to be on top of everything because he could read thoughts and feelings. However, it was a Catch-22. He could learn information from a person's thoughts and emotions but at the same time he could be driven mad if he enters a building with a bunch of people without some serious alcohol in his system.
"Tell me….were your knees on either side of me?" Tony let out a whimper at that voice in his ear. He struggled to say anything. Then, before he could even form words, Steve changed their position. Tony was now in the same position he was in the dream. Knees on either side of Steve's thighs. His hands had to grasp at Steve's shoulder to keep himself from falling off the edge of the bed. Steve watched him with a small smile.
"Right or left shoulder?" Steve said in a serious tone, but there was something else there. Something else. Tony licked his bottom lip a bit before answering.
"The stuff my shield is made out of? What does-"
The lack of love that either parents felt towards him, started to drive Tony mad. He grew to be socially inverted. He struggled all his life to gain some kind of positive emotions from his parents. He tried to be the best son possible. At age four he created his first circuit board, just to see if his father would feel any kind of pride. Instead all Tony felt from his father was disgust that his son was surpassing him. It was a slap in the face. Tony heard every negative, degrading and angry thought his parents thought. He felt the hatred his father had when he fixed his mistakes. Being a powerful Guide was horrible for Tony. It was the reason he threw himself into science. Machines did not give off bad emotions, didn't think at all. But he needed some kind of affection. So he started to drink and have sex with random people at the young age of thirteen. But he never slept with Sentinel. They couldn't handle the smell of strong alcohol on his breath when he tried to sleep with them.
"Tasha. Listen. Give J.A.R.V.I.S that code I gave you two days ago. It will have everything in it. Clint, Please pull your head out of your ass, Bruce won't." Tony slammed into Dr. Doom. The man was still holding the device. Tony tightened his hold as the man struggled.
That was the question on all the occupants of the room. It was a question that needed an answer. Pepper looked contemplative as Natasha spoke to Coulson in low hushed tones. Eventually Coulson said he had paperwork to do before leaving the room. Steve watched as Clint walked to the edge of his bed and gave him a smirk.
"Hey, can you turn it on? I want to hear the engine really quickly." All Zac did was grunt before doing as he was asked. There was smoke almost instantly. Jet cursed before yelling at Zac to turn it off. Jet waved his hand in front of the smoke, frowning. There was really only one thing that could cause this kind of smoke. He raced over to grab a pan. He slid it under the car and drained the oil out of the car. He then went to grab the oil dipper. He swirled it around, gathering what he was looking for before he slowly pulled it out. There, on the other end of the dipper, was what looked like a rag. He tossed it to the ground and refilled the oil tank and slid the dipped back into place. He turned around and grinned at Zac.
"Do you think he survived?" Banner asked, a sense of hope there. Steve did not say anything. Instead he clasped Bruce on the shoulder and squeezed before walking towards the jet. He did not want to think about that possibility. He was in a state of shock, he knew that much. He stared down at the mask in his hand. It wasn't until the first tear hit the plate and streaked down the side of it did he realize that he was crying. He had once again lost his anchor to this world. He felt so lost without Tony there to poke at him. He remained there, crying over the face plate. Tony's last words haunted him even more in that moment because he had been unable to tell Tony that he felt the same.
"Steve...I...the last six months have been great. I...I love you. Know that much." That was when he cut of his communication line, not wanting to hear anything more in fear it would cloud his judgement. He sped up towards the atmosphere, J.A.R.V.I.S blessedly silent. The device ticked once more, before it exploded between him and Dr. Doom. The forced of the explosion killed Dr. Doom on impact and sent Iron Man flying across the sky. The force was enormous.
"That is the metal that powers the arc reactor. So it is kinda fitting that you would protect it." Tony said in a humorless tone. It was clear just how scared Tony was to give Steve the chance to protect what was basically his heart. Something in Steve flipped at the idea that the metal his shield was made out was the very metal that was giving Tony life, protecting him from death. Steve squeezed the reactor a bit.
"Yeah, a younger you would be a great way to hide from the world. Or it would have been if Pepper hadn't already announced that you have been found alive." Bruce said as he looked over the scans again, his glasses falling down his nose. Tony looked startled from a moment.
"I just asked JARVIS to pull up all data he has on you Steve and it seems that Tony already took a sample of your wave. It doesn't match yours right now. Which would be the reason why you didn't know. Strange"
"No, Tony you didn't kill anyone but those that were going to kill you" Natasha said, taking a step toward Tony. Tony stood his ground, his eyes narrowing.
"I figured as much, so I got you an apartment. Natasha will be over tomorrow afternoon to help you shop for the things you require." Maria said easily. Steve figured that Natasha was going with him more as a friendly face instead of an actual helper. Steve knew there was no point in arguing with the woman. He took the folder she held out to him as he continued to the hangerbay. His bike was on one of the planes heading out. Maria fell off, likely needing to do other more important things. As he walked through the hall, he heard a very familiar voice.
"Stop it, Tony."
He felt his head pound a bit, small pieces of his memory returning in those moments. It was as if by being home again was bringing it all to the forefront of his mind. He would have to accelerate this recovery later on. He figure that if he was getting a minor headache from this, accelerating the process would cause a debilitating migraine. Something he wasn't afraid of if that meant that it sped up his recovery. He desperately wanted to be back to remembering them. If he could isolate his memories so that he would only remember all the memories associated with The Avengers, he would. He didn't want to remember all the damage he caused. All those stories he looked up in his mind were not promising. He never wanted to be that man again.
"Wait she already announced that? Why? Why would she do that?" Fear trickled down his spine. Fear that he would be taken and used again. His mind was still recovering from the amnesia and on top of that, he remembered the pain radiating through him. They could do that again to him. They could hurt Steve as well. Or Natasha or… He felt panic set in. His breathing became shallow as his mind brought to the surface every way that a person could be tortured. It seemed the thing in his head helped him even when he didn't want help.
"Yes, but it was what he wanted Tony. Remember, that he wanted to you make it. It was his choice" Steve said in that ever reasonable tone. Tony held Steve tighter, holding onto the his words even tighter.
"Mr. Snow, I am Phil Coulson. Thank you for looking into my car. I must confess that we are actually here because our friend Mr. Odinsson" The man paused when Jet winced visibly. The red head, Natasha, looked over her shoulder before she walked off toward...Zac. His brow knitted together and watched as the woman spoke with Zac, while also typing something on her phone. Jet shifted his attention back to the men.
"What?! What are you trying to communicate there?"
There laid Steve. Blond hair tussled from sleep. His hand firmly wrapped around Tony's waist, their fingers interlocking together. He just stared in awe. How could he have been so lucky as to gain a Bondmate like Steve? He must have been a better man in his past life then he was in this one in order to deserve a man like him. He took in a deep breath and held it when Steve's eyes slowly opened. Tony took in the image of Steve's eyes half open, staring at Tony's twisted body. He watches as sleep vanished and clarity came into those deep blue eyes. Those eyes slowly move up his back to capture his own. Tony just stared before Steve sat up on his free elbow. There eyes were locked.
Without even thinking about it, they were fighting. Not the fun fighting, but knock down drag out fighting. Zac had come up behind him and reached around and laid his hand on over the machine. Jet grabbed the wrist and jerked the man's arm off him. Zac counter and jerked his wrist back, grabbed Jet and yanked it behind his back before slamming Jet face forward into the table. Jet grunted as Zac's hand bruised his wrist as he yanked his arm up his back. The wind was knocked out of his as the machine in his chest shoved deeper, forcing the air in his chest out. Jet struggled but Zac reached over and smacked his head onto the table. Jet kicked backwards, sending Zac to the floor. Jet spun around only to get tossed to the floor by his hair. Zac straddled his lower back before slamming his head into the carpet floor.
"He was spiraling down too fast and, it must be the serum, but his signal is strong enough to make it difficult without it also be erratic and chaotic. So I have to becloser in order to have my powers work the strongest. And no, to answer that thought, I do not want him to spiral off into oblivion. If he did, we would have one hell of a problem on our hands. With his tactical knowledge, strength, speed and abilities, he would be a force to be reckoned with should he fall into the Oblivion state. Now leave Barton, your thoughts and feelings are driving me mad." Tony said in a dismissive tone, clearly busy with his own work. Clint did not seem bother by Tony's abrupt tone.
"Out of everyone, Tony knows what it is like to be an outsider. While he walks into a room and everyone knows him, they all want something from him. He is a genius, rivaled by few. He struggles to make friends, because most people do not understand 'Tony Speak'. Just like you. You enter a room, and everyone gives you attention but they want something from you. And hardly anyone understand you because you come from a totally different era. That is why Tony wants to help you, because he knows how to be in this era. He knows how to get you acclimated to the world without losing yourself in the chaos. Or worst, losing yourself to someone who just wants to use you. Things are different in this time, and only Tony is truly versed in how to handle this world." Bruce said, saying that last part almost sheepishly as if ashamed that he did not know the world as well as Tony did. It made sense, since Bruce dropped out of common society for the safety of everyone. Steve let out a frustrated groan and shoved his hand into his hair, resting his elbows on the table. All this was a bit too much. He slammed his hand done on the table in frustration. He heard the metal give a bit. He winced and let out an apologetic sigh.
"Uh...Hi."
"You have to realize that Tony is Iron Man, in that the suit keeps him safe, helps him help others. But it is also a shield. That is what Tony's image is as well. A shield. Most of Tony's real personality is hidden behind his constant sarcastic and rude personality. The real Tony is a very breakable man. He knows it so he makes himself seem invulnerable to things."
So here he was, driving off through through Yosemite valley, three weeks after the invasion. He was taking in the beauty of the moment. The woods and the waterfalls he passed made him glad he was frozen in ice. While he was not getting over the sensation of still begin frozen and having all the people he knew being dead, he was still glad to be alive. Depressed, but happy for it. He pulled off at motel, using the card that had been given to him by S.H.E.I.L.D before he left as a means to pay for the room. He was walking down the hall when he started to notice something...off. He was starting to feel...sick. Not just sick as in cold, but sick as in the flu. He felt like ice was running through his veins was now being set on fire. He staggered and grunted as he slammed into the wall of the hallway. His vision was starting to blur. It was almost too much for him. He felt like he was going to throw up. Something was seriously wrong because he knew for a fact he could not get sick. He struggled to walk to his room, fumbling with his keys. He almost made it to his door when he fell to his knees. He was panting like he was having an asthma attack. He gripped his chest and struggled to catch his breath.
"Well, I must go. I will be on the first floor, since this is the only hotel building in the area. I must go talk to Pep now. Have a good night gentlemen." He said as he walked off...conveniently leaving his coffee and his sketch book on the table. Jet made sure not to notice it as he finished his coffee and threw it away. Zac had walked with Steve to the door. Zac watched as Steve drove off in his motorcycle. He closed the door and turned to Jet who was standing by the table watching him. Zac tapped the door before walking to Jet with a frown.
Steve could feel the space between them as if it was a physical thing. Everyone spoke to him with such professionalism and politeness that it was hard to breach into any sort of relationship beyond work.
"No, sir. There are cuffs that when placed upon a person's skin, a small field in erected over the entire body. It dulls the sense of feel, hearing and smell to an average human's level. However the cuffs do not work for Matched Pairs."
"That is great. So how long do you think you will be staying in this area?" Harold asked, making it seem like he was making small talk. Sadly, Jet felt the need to pick the man a part mentally. He knew the man was after something from him. He hated how he felt that way. He hated how he felt like these two people wanted something from him instead of just accepting their desire to return a favor. Why was he like that? What happened to him that made him lose hope in humanity? He looked back at Harold before sighing.
"It's ok, Bruce." Was all Tony said, holding his….his….his best friend. Or at least one of them. Bruce pulled back and gave him a smile, infinitely happier it seemed. There was a strange tint of green around Bruce's eyes, but Tony made no comment on that.
"It is I, Thor. Do you recall such a name?" The man asked, his booming voice now soft and controlled. Jet shook his head, staring at the large man. He felt something towards this man. But he was not the blond from his dreams. He could tell that. But the man was familiar.
"I want to know my name." He said in a firm tone, clasping his hands together in his lap and leveling Steve with a serious stare. Steve stared at him in turn. They just stared at one another. Jet could tell that the man was considering if he could answer that question safely.
"You remember nothing, but you remember how to fix a car? How does that work?" The man asked in an amused tone. It was also obvious there was a twinge of desperation there.
"Break what?" He asked, uncertain he wanted to know. but he had to know. He had to know what was going on. This was not the place where he went off to war. This was not the city he knew.
"You have no idea." That voice was husky, dropping at least an octave. Tony felt his cock twitch with interest. Steve chuckled before walking away, leaving Tony standing there dumb founded. He kicked into high gear and chased after Steve.
Jet found he loved the smell of grease, gasoline and motor oil. It made him feel at home. He was arm deep in fixing a motor and all he felt was joy and happiness. He worked tirelessly on the cars. Moving from one to the next. Marco was pleasantly surprised but demanded that Jet take a lunch break and get to know the town. Zac seemed to also be on lunch at the same time.
"This is your place to stay till you are ready to be re-instated into a new division. The screen responds to your voice. Your Friend's Son, Howard Stark's son Tony allowed for a piece of his J.A.R.V.I.S program to help you with information on the last 70 years. Just speak and he will show you whatever you want. Try and pace yourself Captain Rogers." The man said before he was left alone, with nothing but a standard military issue clothes as well as jeans and shirt. All courtesy of SHEILD. He was alone in a room but the sounds of the outside world still beat on him,
"Oh god" Was all he could say as he reached out and grabbed that wrist, curling over the hand. It was everything he ever wanted. He felt tears streak down his face as Steve curled over him as well, whispering words to him. It felt so right. So right. He wanted it to be real.
"I want to go home" He sobbed. He didn't know why he said that. He didn't know where home was or if it ever was with this man. But he wanted to be back where he felt safe. This town had offered him the chance to construct an illusion of normalcy. But now it was crumbling around him as the truly normal people of his life came to surround him. A large hand ran down his back, soothing him. He shifted deeper into those arms, hiding away.
'He is checking me out!' He thought in excitement. Maybe…he could convince Zac that they should try hanging out more. That would be nice to have someone else around. Especially someone who clearly reminded him of someone else. He knew in his heart that he may never find that other person again, the person in his dreams, but he wanted what he felt with that other man. He wanted it like a crack addict needed his next fix. He gave Zac a cocky grin before motioning for the man to head out. He grabbed the key to the apartment. Zac didn't move a muscle until Jet was standing near him. The other man pushed off the wall, brushing against Jet, before walking out the door. Jet shivered a bit at the contact. He tried to school his features to be calm, but the grin on his face just wouldn't go away.
"Well...you are very possessive over the things you make. And if by chance you started to make...things you swore you would never make again...that would be a problem." Steve said in round about way. Jet frowned, not liking how they were keeping things from him. But he would allow it for now.
"Uh…well…no" Tony said, skirting around the issue. Hot breath ghosted over his ear.
"Sure, I would like that." Jet felt his heart beat faster as Zac gave him a slow and confident smile. Damn that smile was a killer. They finished up their food and headed out. Zac seemed enthusiastic about the town. He showed him all the spots where he hung out at. The diner, the old time theater, the bowling alley and the roof top of town hall, that over looked the entire town. It was nice to just sit up there and talk about the town. Jet learned that there was a research facility in the next town that was working on some kind of thing having to do with the stars. Jet looked up at the sun filled sky, finding it hard to imagine the number of stars that would be out at night. While he was walking in the desert he had been not taken the time to actually look, his mind so focused on getting to the town.
"We did not find Steve too late. He will save Tony. Don't worry" Pepper looked up and gave him a small smile, seeming to need that reassurance.
Tony started to solve that quick enough. Stripping off his shirt in order to be rid of the barrier. Before he could move to take Steve's off, those large hands clasped over his wrists, pinning his arms above his head. Steve began to taste the newly revealed skin, bitting and marking the sensitive patches of Tony's skin. His tongue even ran along the side of Tony's Arc reactor. The scar tissue there was super sensitive, making Tony mewl and pant. Tony was shaking his head, arching into Steve, almost begging for more. Steve bucked his hips once more before he used his hips to Tony to the mattress before he used his free hand to yank his own shirt off. Tony watched hungrily as Steve's broad chest was revealed.
"That's not possible. He was int he same room with me for almost an entire day. I would have felt it." He muttered. He stared down at the screen. There on the screen was Tony's wave. It was a thick blue wave that had a lot of bumps in it. Steve's red wave was just as thick and was exactly opposite to Tony's in every way. He stared down at it as the word Perfect Match flashed on and off on the screen. Steve felt his world narrow. In that moment all he could see was that screen. All he could hear was his heart beat. That was it. This was his match. His match was Tony Stark; Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philathropist and the Powerful Guide. He looked up from the screen to Pepper and asked the one question that was on everyone's mind.
"Why couldn't you just cancel his senses from your workshop? I thought your range was beyond compare?" Clint asked, curiosity in his voice. Tony shrugged and sighed.
"Where am I?" His rough voice echoed through the room.
"It's ok, Tony. Relax." Steve said in a soothing tone, sensing the situation was becoming more volatile. Bruce excused himself, dragging Clint out with him. Tony didn't seemed to care as he went after Steve now. Somewhere deep down, he was struggling to get this all to stop. But it wasn't working. Something overtook him. He couldn't fight it. Not yet at least.
"While the issue of foresight was never addressed, the dulling of a Sentinel's extreme intake of sensations has been done." Steve blinked as this before lacing his fingers together and leaning his elbows on his knees.
"You...just called me Pep." She said, looking unsure.
"Which is good, because it means you can't fake it." The serious man said as he watched Natasha.
"Now I am going to ask you again. Where am I?" He asked walking towards her. She said his name. The sound of a button being pressed caught his ears. Now he was on edge. Too much information, too many lies, too many problems.
"So, do I get to see the inside of this place?"
"Earth to Tony."
No matter what, Jet slid quickly into Vanessa's car when she picked him up. He did not want to face the new comers, just in case they were Thor's friends. He did not want to deal with it so he ran and hid in the one place he felt safe. The Garage. It was like his own personal world where he could get lost in the smell and feel of the machines. He worked on cars, but he knew he could do so much more then simple fixes and repair. For now this is all he could do till he figured out how to go about doing more. He thanked Vanessa before he walked into the garage...only to stop in his tracks. There, leaning casually against the back of a old mustang was a stunning red headed woman and a rather strong looking male. The man gave him a playful grin and a wink. Jet took a step back, not really sure how to take that.
Today Clint was sitting there with a shit eating grin on his face, anxiously awaiting for Steve to ask why it was there. Steve was not going to raise to the bait just yet, he was going to let the man stew for a bit. He was focused on a book that had been given to him. It was standard history book. It was the first thing he asked for. He wanted to catch up on all the things that changed. Since his mind needed something else to focus on, he figured that learning would help. But soon the Archer was practically jumping up and down on the chair. He sighed and closed the book and gave Clint an exasperated look.
"Uh, how can I help you two?" He asked cautiously, shooting them a suspicious look as he walked towards his tool box. He shifted in his jump suit. He did not wear anything else. If only because it made sure to hide the machine in his chest from prying eyes. Only Zac knew of its existence. Even that he regretted. But that one couldn't be helped.
"That would explain the constant rapid fire thoughts that flash before my eyes. How did I deal with that by the way? Constantly thinking?" Jet asked, wanting to keep up with this train of conversation.
Steve pulled back before slamming froward, hitting Tony's prostate firmly, causing the lithe man under him to yelp out his pleasure. There was a resonance between them. Their pleasure was reverberating between them. It seemed to spur both of them on because soon Steve was moving quickly and roughly in and out of Tony. His thrust were precious and hard, as if he wanted to tattoo himself on the inside of Tony. Tony's nails racked over Steve's shoulder as his eyes rolled back in his head. He could feel those powerful hands gripping his hips so tightly, he would surely have bruises there later. He didn't care. He wanted the marks. He wanted the half moon scabs that would come from Steve's nails. Wanted the deep bruises that came from those pearly whites biting into his neck. He wanted the bruises, on his hips and thighs, and the aches. He wanted it because they told him this was real, told him that he belonged to a Sentinel.
Suddenly there was a blue layout in front of his eyes. He felt sick to his stomach as the entire layout rotated and it was like he knew the entire place now. He knew where to go to now. It made him sick to his stomach but he had to be free.
The moment Steve heard that Tony was on the edge of a spiral, he was out of the bed, into his boots and out of the door. It was the solider training in him that allowed him to do all that without tripping over his own feet. He was a mere two steps behind Natasha, who was calmly calling out orders to get the jet ready for them. They were in the air before any one could even bother to order them to do something else. Steve was on edge. He had no idea where they were taking Tony, but he hoped that it was some where safe and without people. His foot bounced up and down, trying to rid himself of the pent up energy that was surfacing.
"JARVIS, can you confirm that?" Steve said in an anxious tone. The phone remained silent, but suddenly Tony felt something pushing against something in his mind. It was intelligent and assessing. Tony reached out to it
They leave the restaurant chuckling and tugging at each other, the happiness making Tony almost float.
His heart was racing and his eyes slowly filling with tears once again: he sat on the ground and cried.
- that you wanted to rip off my clothes!”
With his hand placed like this, Steve’s wrist is set in the very middle of Tony’s chest, the blue light  of the neon bracelet shining bright.
far away, like whoever is saying his name is not even in another room but in a different reality, in some soundproofed bubble that makes just a little echo escape from it. He’s so cold.
“Would you mind to-?” he bubbles a little awkwardly and Tony softly smiles.
And Tony was still standing there, so tiny yet so firm, that Steve couldn’t help but feel a subtle impulse to react to his pride if by smacking him or making out with him he couldn’t tell.
to feel something more.
Steve shrugs with nonchalance, emptying his drink with just one gulp. “When you’re in the army, you learn to do a lot of things” he flashes Tony a smirk, and Tony chuckles loudly.
He almost worries he could ruin the charming scene if he joined their game, but Tony apparently doesn’t think the same.
Finally, Tony sits up. He has never considered himself to be the kind of parent who competes for his child to be better than other kids, but for god’s sake, his daughter is a
“Wow, you really have a high tolerance of that, huh?” Tony exclaims, feeling his own head kinda floating with contentment and lightness.
Steve nods, but they both know they have something else in their minds rather than keeping an eye on the kids.
Shrugging, Tony shushes his apologies away. “Don’t worry” he scoffs. “I know what it means to have a smartass kid” he assures.
“You look good” Tony indeed points out.
By standing in that wooden furnished farm he had felt such a stranger, almost an intruder, as if his presence was not appreciated at all.
Tony gets closer to the bed, then chases her. “Now you get your punishment” he jokes, starting to tickle her belly, and Morgan shouts with laughter and tries to free herself from his grip.
He chuckled a little, then proceeded further “honestly, I don’t even get why you’re always so stiff: just relax a little bit, perhaps?!”
Sun was shining in a hurtful way that morning, as the old and slightly limping man was pacing his way along the flowering avenue.
Steve doesn’t really know how to describe it, he cannot name something in his appearance that makes Tony so attractive, but he just is. Gorgeous.
“Hey, baby, don’t worry!”, he reassures him, “What are you talking about? Tell me”.
Tony stops his rumbling placing his own hand on Steve’s cheek “You’re here now”, he points out.
Steve groans out loud. “Shut up” he replies with a fond voice.
Steve beams at him, feeling his chest filled with love,
Tony’s jaw twitches as he looks back at Steve and quietly nods. He would like to add something, but he’s at a loss of words, Steve already said everything.
He’s still working his way out of such embarrassment when a voice makes him turn around.
“Don’t fuck things up this time” Pepper warns, already laughing by herself.
They kid around for a while longer, until Tony gets a glance of the hour. “
“I have to ask, yeah, I know” the girl grunts.
Then he widens his eyes as Steve’s words sink in his brain. “Wait!” he calls. “You were in the army?”
“Don’t worry” he says softly. “Really, I have no rush.”
Indeed the man is tall, has broad shoulders and a slim waist. Glowing skin and golden hair, and when he exhales, relieved at having found the little girl, he shows the brightest of smiles.
. “So you telling me she took everything from her mother?” he asks, mostly to test the waters. He cannot deny this stranger is quite interesting, but he would never interfere with a marriage, so it’s better to set things right away.
Tony moves an hand. “You go, I’ll come in a sec.”
Tony smirks. “Yeah? Is this a competition, Rogers?” he teases, and Steve laughs as he leads him to their destination.
He feels fondness pooling in his heart when he sees Steve’s expression changing from misery to contentment.
, Tony calms himself.
During those afternoons in his lab, at some point he had started talking with Steve, at first just little sentences, thoughts about the weather, or senseless informations. Then, out of nowhere, he had actually asked him how his day was going, and he had felt so dumb.
Mary is the first one to run into the waters, splashing around with her lean legs, and she grabs Morgan’s hand to join her. They both go underwater and laugh when they resurface, holding hands and swaying their legs to float.
Tony seems surprised at first, but he leans into his touch with easiness, and Steve caresses his skin with sweetness.
Steve is looking at him with a gutted expression but it looks like it is a deep affection more than a suffering that is devouring him from the inside.
“You’re a watcher too, apparently” he teases, and then he stretches again, just to see Tony’s reaction, and he’s pleasantly rewarded by a choked low groan from him.
Tony suggests bowling night, and Mary and Morgan can’t stop thanking him for proposing such thing. They make faces at the ugly shoes the place gives them, but they tie each other’s ones anyway.
Tony keeps on shaking his head, still laughing and waving his hand dismissively. “You’d be surprised” he claps back. That gets him a bright and wide smile from Steve, his cheeks lovely flushed. Tony has to drink with more rush this time, his stomach doing funny things not only for the alcol. He really likes this guy.
“Tony” she calls softly.
Tony chuckles. “I would never. Last time I seduced someone, she put me in my place” he teases back, and grins when he hears Pepper laughing too.
They stop, since the two little girls prefer to swim where they are able to still touch the ground with their feet.
is a genius, you can’t possibly be dumb” he points out.
At first he had stared at his chest for a few minutes, but then someone had called him up, so he  had renounced about it, and basically forgotten about it. Or at least he had done until the first night.
It had not been that much of a time since he was not able to quickly react to something happening near him anymore but it seemed to him that a thousand years had passed indeed: sometimes looking in the mirror was still something incredibly weird for him but he had already had a sudden change of his appearance in the past, so turning from very young to very old in the span of five seconds wasn’t really that different than turning from very childish looking to very handsome looking in the same amount of time.
Steve gently strokes his back, “I know, baby, I know”, then holds him tighter and it’s not really enough, it does not erase the wretchedness Tony can literally feel in his throat but it’s still something- it is still a little step toward the idea of healing he is so attached to in his imaginary.
Steve stands up again, and when he turns he finds Tony already looking at him.
Steve brights up even more. He nods. “It would be a pleasure, Tony Stark” he beams. “See, you later, then.”
“I get the feeling” Steve murmurs, his shoulders slumping the slightest bit. “Being a parent is not exactly the easiest job.”
, Steve thinks.
“We won! We won!” Mary shouts cheerfully, while Morgan jumps around her, splashing playfully.
“It was so fun, mommy! So
Steve nods quietly. He takes in the sight of the sky colliding with the sea, the colorful kites flying in the air, and the two kids laughing and chasing each other.
Tony looked interested in this change of pace so Steve added “Yes,
“I ruined your comeback”.
At this point Tony got rid of his look of innocence and just straight up snorted “You know what, Rogers? I’m tired of you, you’re
“So, Tony Stark” Steve says once their drinks are in front of them. He takes his glass and takes a sip. “What do you do for a living?” he asks.
He sniffed a little “but what about now? It looks like we weren’t after all…” A seagull flied upon his head, in the middle of that painfully clear sky.
“I’m gonna take off your clothes” he stated, and while Tony was heavily letting out a
But Tony wanted more, he wanted more and more and more. And he pulled Steve’s face on his own, his mouth crashing on the blond’s one, this time a little more rushed, and Tony parted his lips and nipped Steve’s ones because he
Tony pretends to grunt, actually beaming at the sight of his little girl having fun in such a lovable way.
Steve shook his head now grinning, “we
“Okay” he replies.
“It’s just-“ Tony tried, but his voice died in his gut so he quickly turned away his look not to cross Steve’s eyes.
“It has not been the same anymore, since you’re gone.” A few seagulls quacking in the sky caught his attention again: they were trying to distance themselves from the darkness; waves were now crashing louder.
Everything in that mansion seemed to be endowed by Tony’s person: the chimney reminded Steve how the man used to spend most of his nights around the fireplace in the Avengers’ Tower when he couldn’t manage to fall asleep because of some nightmare; the several books and scientific magazines piled beside the couch made him remember how Tony could fit in every situation a quote or a maxim he had learnt by reading those dossiers.
“Is everything okay?” he tried asking, but at the same time Tony had talked too.
love. It kinda scares him, it’s been so long. But Tony is worth the fear.
“I’m sorry”, Steve apologised but did not look away “You’re
“Who wants to jump?” Tony asks playfully.
Steve really likes it. And he especially likes the fact that in the hottest hours of the day, while the girls are playing in the children play ground, he and Tony get to nap together, laying side by side even though they are resting on different chairs.
“Dads always lie!” Mary says squinting her eyes with laughter. “Mine does too! He thinks I do not know that, but I do.”
“I’m sorry!” he raises his hands as a sign of surrender, then he turns to look at the stranger again. “See? Can be a pain in the
? Bragging?” he mocks, and Tony playfully slaps his ass.
Tony leaves out a brief giggle at the blond’s wrong pronunciation and gives him a little look.
The blonde man cackled and hugged him from behind, then placed a soft kiss on Tony’s forehead.
His laughter makes the girls turn around. “Hey! Why are you laughing behind our backs?” Mary asks with a frown, and that makes him and Steve laugh even more.
“I would rob all the stars of the sky just for you to see them shine, if you asked me to”, he proposed, his lips still resting on Tony’s head.
, who can be the nerdy kid who’s speaking over her?
real, that for a brief instant he actually wonders if the reactor is still dug inside his chest.
“Yes, I told you so! Coordinates, numbers, technological stuff… go on”, he mocked, then added “just, you know, don’t call me Cap’. You can call me Steve.”
Steve caught Tony’s intention, saw in his eyes the desperate need of being reassured, of being told that someone was going to take care of him for the rest of his life.
“Mary” he calls yet again at the blondie who’s pouting next to him. “Look at this” he warns, and without even putting too much effort in it he throws the ball and he actually gets a strike.
“Yeah?” he says. “I mean- it’s a little too soon to say so, we haven’t even had our first date yet, but I’m positive.”
“So you’re
Steve didn’t say a word, so Tony started bumbling once again, this time a little awkwardly, something very unusual for him.
And Steve got it, he understood it by looking him in the eyes, that Tony was not going to ask for more because he thought he had already taken too much, but Steve kissed him fondly and finally let himself slide inside Tony, making him gasp a little, his lips wide open, his eyes darkened with appreciation.
Tony makes room for the both of them on the mattress, so that they can both lay down, before Steve grabs him by his hips crushing his own chest with Tony’s spine. He hugs him tightly squeezing his arms, and then ruffles Tony’s hair with his own noise.
And right now, seeing his own reflection without that light sparkling in the middle of his chest, without his heart shining to remind him that it is there, and it is functioning, and it is beating and living, that makes him shiver and wanting to cry out loud, and actually dig his own nails in his skin, hoping to find that hidden heart, hoping to find the missing light, the bright shine that would at first keep him awake at night but that was reassuring in its own creepy way.
“This looks a lot like a proposal”, Tony teases once he’s done tying the chain, and Steve smiles fondly at the suggestion.
Steve knows, but it’s kinda close, and it’s just something Steve wants to keep to himself to always remember these nice days they spent together.
At the praise, Steve blushes again. “I’m sort of an artist” he fidgets, lowering his eyes. “I mean- I’m trying to. I actually work as a designer on commission, but my dream is- you know- to just dedicate myself to my passion and for it to be enough.” He drinks again, a little more hastily, and tries to avoid Tony’s eyes.
“You make me tear up like an old man” he whines.
“It’s beautiful!” they both scream.
“Please”, he gags once more; what is he begging for? Some warmth, perhaps.
“Tony…?”
“You’re a watcher, huh?” Tony blurts out, his eyes still closed, and Steve jumps up caught in his staring.
Steve stops his movements for a moment, giving him a brief pitiful smile before lowering his gaze on Tony’s flat chest, noticing how the sweater falls smoothly and does not get caught in any metallic circle.
“Somewhere up in the sky, among those dark clouds, there is a place where you have placed all those stars you brought away, am I right, baby?”, he bawled, “please, oh please tell me I’m right!”
He spent the whole time doodling on his papers failing to answer properly whenever someone asked his opinion on the topic. Furthermore he couldn’t quite pay attention to the talking and even if he so desperately did not want to admit who was the main reason of his inattention, he knew it had blonde hair and blue eyes.
Steve looked him in the eyes, not able to look away now that the man was standing so close that he could almost feel the heartbeat of Tony and not just his own.
He never finishes his sentence, because Tony tugs at his shirt and kisses him. Steve whimpers on his lips, probably not expecting it, but he quickly readjusts to it, and kisses Tony back with enthusiasm. He encircles his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling him in his embrace, and Tony goes limp in his arms, parting his lips and welcoming Steve’s tongue in his mouth.
Tony quietly nods, and his hair tickles Steve’s soft chin, but he doesn’t complain, he just positions himself better on the mattress and makes his arm surround Tony’s curled up body, until his hand falls right over his beating heart.
lost” he talks with a clear tone, fumbling around with his fork on the plate.
Mary has been doing crossed words the whole morning. She’s sitting under the umbrella, her bright eyes focused on the paper between her small hands.
Steve nods firmly. “Yes, you’re right” he repeats. “It’s going to happen, maybe, and I’m glad you’re okay with it” he confesses. She’s always going to come before anyone else.
on which he could work, something that could keep his mind occupied.
Steve chuckles again, shaking his head. “You’re literally a genius, Tony. Your
“Another thing I kept thinking about” Steve confesses.
“Tony, would you mind if I joined you?”, he placed his head on the stone beside him, kind of laying on the ground.
“Is it okay like this?”, Steve dubiously asks and slightly worries once Tony doesn’t respond. He’s still looking at the blue light and it feels so real, so
He clears his throat. “Aren’t you- why don’t you ask your friend to go swim with you?” he bubbles shrugging. “That girl you were playing with yesterday” he trails.
fascinating!” Tony stated, “so distant, yet so bright”
Tony had noticed him after a while, of course. He had waited for the blond man to show himself, but Steve seemed not to have any intention in doing so, so Tony had been quiet, not wanting to spoil the moment. He had enjoyed the gentle touch of Steve’s pencil on the rough paper, and that mere sound had made him feel less lonely.
And Steve cupped his face with a delicate grip, then leaned on him and softly kissed Tony, a gentle kiss, a kind one. Just the brief touch of lips holding promises he wanted to say out loud but couldn’t properly spell.
, sometimes” he says, throwing a glance at his daughter when he says ‘butt’, at which Morgan nods firmly.
“I mean- you can seek for help. There is nothing wrong in doing so. I’m sure there is someone who could tell you what to do to get better”, Steve smiles at him, so kindly, his look slightly lifting to entwine his eyes with Tony’s ones, “I’d really like to be that person, love, but I know I would not be enough, and it’s right for you to get the best support you can find”.
The music has ended, a great silence falls between them, but it seems to be full of unanswered questions that none of them is able to speak out loud. Their hands are still entwined, and they both look like they’re longing for the other to say something, to feel them say that they think that too, they are feeling the same sensations.
The steadiness of that firm and unyielding pale rock was so in contrast with the personality of the man commemorated by it, and to think that Tony, the
And then, of course, all the numerous pictures of the man with his family gathered around the Christmas tree, at some fancy gala party, or around the world. There was a frame showing Tony with a newborn Morgan in his arms looking into a telescope, then another one with the little girl on a bike and Tony trying to hold her straight, and then still another picture with the two partners kissing.
“Actually, I don’t” Tony kept on teasing him.
Steve looks at him with the same look he previously had when he was trying to decifrate the title’s meaning. He probably doesn’t want to bother Tony, but at the same time he’d really like to know what the song is talking about.
The image of a broken man makes him startle, makes him feel pity for his own self. He finds himself so ruined, so tired out by the events of his life. He can’t even remember the last time he has been happy. And he knows he’s selfish, he knows it is not right to think about his relationship with Steve and not saying he actually
The thunderous sound of the waves crashing forced Steve to awaken and to let go his thoughts. His look fell back to Tony’s grave, so shiny, so clear and light that it seemed to blind him.
They approach the shore, the two girls jumping with joy and chasing each other, while he and Tony walks slowly side by side. “It’s a very nice day” Steve comments, mostly because he has no idea what to say.
“Make me feel how much you care” Tony urged. “Please.” The way his voice kind of cracked at that simple begging word made Steve’s heart ache, but Tony’s hands were rough on his flesh, gripping and holding his lower back until Steve let himself go inside of him, while Tony too moaned loudly with his own pleasure.
, he’s still trembling, his gut seems to have closed up, and loud breaths keep coming out his mouth like hiccups, making it the only sound he’s able to perceive.
He had learnt to understand Tony, the reason why he always had to laugh everything off with a joke just to prevent himself from getting hurt; the way his look darkened whenever someone hyped up the accomplishments of his father; how he was able to deliver motivational speeches when things seemed to be hopeless. He actually enjoyed finding out little details of Tony’s personality that no one else seemed to notice.
“Tony!”
He looked into Tony’s eyes for a second, wanting to punch him in the face just to show him who was the boss down there, so he pulled Tony by his shirt, and for a moment the man seemed kind of concerned, but Steve erased that look of dismay from his face when he pressed his lips on his mouth with such rage that he amazed his own self.
The only touch he had allowed so far was Steve’s, so to see those cold gloved hands approaching his skin, so
The man indeed beams, and his eyes immediately fall on Tony. Tony smiles back. Once again, grateful for the fact that his daughter seems to like Steve as much as he does.
, they were kissing once again.
He manages to push it away but the agonising emptiness, the darkness of the absence of the reactor seems to swallow him, to devour him from the inside, that heart that suddenly doesn’t seem to exist anymore, just a passing shadow and who knows-
They’re pushing a paddle boat they have rented for the afternoon in the water. It has a slide and the girls can’t wait to get on it.
He could tug a little bit more strongly and Tony would be in his arms. He’s really contemplating the thought, when a splash of water makes him shake his head in confusion. Mary has swum underwater and is now between them, laughing with her mouth open.
Steve ponders his offer for a moment, then leans in and kisses him again. “Alright, I’m staying.”
seems quite of detached, if you ask me”, he mumbled thoughtful.
Steve tilts his head. “Oh,” he gapes. “We’re using full names? Then I’m Steve Rogers.”
what”, he affirmed angrily, his cheeks burning like fire.
fascinating”, he mocked.
“I fell in love with you and now I don’t even know what I should do.”
In the beginning it was rough, waking up in the morning felt like a knife stab in his chest, every little task was wearying, and when the sun was setting he always felt a kind of relief knowing that another day had passed, that he had made it through another day without him, without Tony.
“Well- I don’t like this kind of jokes, so I’m asking you to stop.”
“The sky seems darker now, Tony”, he wailed “perhaps it’s true, isn’t it?” He asked tearing up, “perhaps you really carried all the stars in your eyes, and now, Tony, you have taken them away with you”.
Then, when Steve seems wandering with his mind on something else he kisses him quickly. “Hey” he calls. “You can stay here, tonight. The girls are away all the same, there is no need for you to go.”
“What?” Tony asked innocently trying to force Steve into explaining himself further “what is that you do
Perhaps his heart starts to beat at a normal pace again, but he’s not so sure, because at the moment he doesn’t even know if there actually
Tony shudders. Sharp and precise trembles make him quiver like he’s going to burst, like he will shatter and fall on the ground.
“Oh, I’m sorry!” Tony apologised, laughing a little “I thought only friends were allowed to call you by your birth name.”
Tony laughed “Not a big deal, I’m smart enough for both of us.”
They walk to Tony and Morgan’s beach spot, Mary’s even putting on a scene, tugging him by his hands, complaining out loud that she wants to play with her friend. Steve pretends to be slightly annoyed.
Steve chuckles back, then smiles widely. “I highly appreciate the compliment” he replies. “But I have the feeling you’ve drunk a little too much, maybe we should go.”
Mary opens her mouth with understanding. “Oh, you mean Morgan? Yeah, later I’ll ask her” she replies, before turning her focus back on her words game.
The voice starts singing out of the blue.
Steve gets him; he doesn’t claim anything more that Tony can give him. So they remain like this for awhile: hands intertwined with hands, eyes locked with eyes, and heart connected to heart.
He still remembers lying on the cold bed of the hospital, knowing he was going to lose the thing that meant the most to him, a concrete reminder that he was alive and he had been able to survive even when he was so sure he would have died.
The next one to play is Morgan, and she manages to take down a couple of skittles. Steve high fives her with a cheer, and the girl giggles with joy.
Learn to do everything lightly. Yes, feel lightly even though you’re feeling deeply. Just lightly let things happen and lightly cope with them.
near the reactor, he felt dread once again anguishing his heart.
The little girl sticks her tongue out and Steve rolls his eyes. He doesn’t want to give her something to complain about. This is a vacation for the two of them only, and the last thing he wants is for Mary to think he’s ignoring her. But he cannot deny the man he met a couple of hours before is still floating in his thoughts.
At this point Steve turned over and laughed again, his laugh looked like a little bell sound in the quietness of the night. “I could ask you the same” he replied.
Steve cackled and looked him in the eyes once again glad that he could deal with such a touchy man. He kissed Tony softly, then changed his look into a more resolute one.
The blond man’s smile dies on the spot and his face grimaces. His jaw twitches as he says “Yeah, she was a very smart woman.” His voice is full of fondness, and Tony feels like a moron.
“I did” he finally sets for, and Steve smiles, widely smiles, and once again Tony’s heart feels like jumping out of his chest.
“Good night little hurricane” he says to Mary, leaving a kiss on the top of her head, and she chuckles at it.
Steve laughs. “Here I come!” he shouts back, and pulls lightly at Morgan’s ankles, as she yells with an high pitched tone. Mary lets go of Tony’s back to come rescue her friend, and she attacks Steve instead, trying to free Morgan.
Steve grinned, looking him in the eyes: he had fantasised about this for so much time, but he had always admonished himself that it was not going to happen, that they were just friends and that the man was friendly with anyone so he shouldn’t let it go to his head.
But now, without even realising it, he’s looking at himself, and even though he would like to turn his look away, he kind of feel hypnotised by the image. He’s immediately struck by the sight of his bare chest: pale skin that tightens and stretches in the shape of a circle, a ghost stitch that reminds him of the arc reactor.
She scoffs. “I’m glad you’re having fun” she admits fondly. “And Morgan sounds like she’s having fun too, so I’m seriously happy.”
When they step outside the pub, there is a pleasing air blowing, not too muggy considering the hot day. The sky is clear and full of stars, the streets almost empty due to the late hour.
He looks him straight in his eyes and slightly parts his lips. For a long time he did not want to say it out loud, he did not want to say
true!”
“You do?”, Steve pokes his head and Tony vigorously nods, “I do”.
And he would sometimes say “I want to die”, and he was really joking about it, it was self-pity, of course, but at three in the morning, when he couldn’t sleep, perhaps that thought was a little more honest.
“Alright” Steve concedes. “You can take your seat, me and Tony will move it.”
He has not been able to sleep since then.
“It is indeed!” Tony claps back. “I don’t have a lot of free time. This, for example, is the only free week I conceded myself to relax and finally spend some time with my daughter.”
Then he reaches out with his hand and shakes Steve’s one. “I’m Tony, Tony Stark” he says, mostly because he thinks this Steve guy must have realised by now that he’s talking to the owner of Stark’s Industries.
“Hi, Tony”, he croaked, his hand now resting on the cold surface of a marble gravestone, “were you waiting for me?”
“What about you, Steve?” he asks, his voice leaking a flirty tone, and he smiles with amusement when he notices Steve’s cheeks getting colored.
Tony laughs. “Well, I’m not the one who kept on looking while I was asleep. You know that’s creepy, right? People file restraining orders against this shit.”
“Well, you know me” Tony shrugs. “That’s part of the package.” Then he adds: “Thank you, Pep.”
Steve wets his lips with amusement, subtly intrigued by the change of path the afternoon is taking. He suddenly wishes for the girls to have remained on the beach, maybe he and Tony would have finally come up with something.
his heart aching in his chest with love for Steve. A deep, honest and pure love that consumes him at every moment of the day: that makes him longing for Steve when they are not together, and makes him really think it can rip off his lungs with his beats when they are kissing or even just holding hands.
But Steve, Steve always showed up. And they talked and talked and talked, about anything which would cross their minds. And they laughed and looked at each other way too often to be subtle.
Pepper laughs loudly. “Tell her she’s always my favorite one” she instructs. “Bye, Tony.”
For the first few moments they talked about the mission they had undergone that day: Tony was really enthusiastic and while he was describing some particular scientific project he had found in the lab that they had to sequester, Steve found himself caught with the way the man was moving his hands, and how his eyes seemed to sparkle.
“She’s a very smart kid, she’ll never doubt her mother loved her” Tony reassures, and he reaches for Steve’s hand on the table. Steve accepts the touch with relief.
Another squeaky voice confirms the first statement. “Maybe we should add three centimetres on the left?”
Steve makes a surprised face. “
“I love you”, Steve words out Tony’s thoughts too, before offering his own hand to him, so that Tony can tie the bracelet on his wrist.
Tony chuckles at his earnestness, but his laugh dies in his throat when Steve rubs on him.
“Not that good” Steve had answered.
By the time they are both naked, Tony doesn’t know why he waited so long for this to happen. Having Steve’s hands on him seems like all his body was ever meant for.
“Which you almost are” Steve claps back fondly.
The dim light of the pub makes his blonde hair shine, and his eyes glint when they lock with Tony’s.
been staring.
When his wife had passed away, he thought that was the end of it. That he was never going to be able to feel his heart beating for someone anymore. And he didn’t even want that. He wouldn’t let himself lay his eyes on anyone, not interested even in the slightest bit to knowing someone new, to take the risk to get affectioned to yet another person and then have his heart broken so painfully.
No, you always have to make fun of everything, always have to embarrass people just to make your ego grow bigger as if it was some kind of accomplishment.”
“Tony!” he jolted. “What are you doing here? You scared me.”
“Nothing” Tony says wetting his lips, but Steve presses on.
“I’m sorry” he mutters mortified. He lowers his gaze and Tony bursts out laughing.
Tony raises an eyebrow. “You already saw all of this” he mocks back.
Steve listens intently as Tony describes what he exactly does in this industry, the things he invents, what he designs, leaving out the fact that he owns the industry itself. He tells himself that the proper CEO is Pepper, so he’s technically not lying, just omitting, but still.
Tony asks himself.
When things had settled a little, after a few months since the battle, Steve had come to visit Pepper, giving his own self false hopes that by making himself seen he would have mended the pain he believed he had caused.
Not “Ironman”, not a superhero kind of title, just “Tony”, a
hard not to, but the truth was that those tears streaming down his face actually reminded him that he still felt something, that he had not become numb, not yet.
“When I saw it, I immediately thought about the arc reactor. I thought it could be something nice to have on your wrist but I still didn’t know- I get only now the mistake I’ve done, Tony, I’m sorry”, Steve trails off, eyes striking back and forth, not able to hold the other man’s look, but Tony suddenly softly smiles at his rumble.
Overcome a first hesitation, he found himself drawn by those tales, to the point that he couldn’t wait to narrate more and more stories every night. And he told her about Tony’s fight against the Chitauri’s army, and then the Sokovia episode, and then about his trip into space, and many other little things her dad used to do, the jokes he made, how generous and selfless he was and how he had even invented a time machine.
So he clears his throat a little, wetting his lips and swallowing. It shouldn’t be difficult, it’s
Steve’s rush was something unexpected to Tony and in any other time he would have not allowed him to take the control of the situation, but the way that usually prim man was now grabbing his legs to lift him on his hips made him forget any purpose of standing up for himself.
Tony curses under his breath. “Can I offer you a drink? Later?” he asks, and why is he feeling so nervous?, he’s not fifteen anymore.
Steve gently pushed him on the bed, then laid on it too, supporting himself on his arms while still kissing Tony passionately. But soon it wasn’t enough again, and Tony had to feel more, because he was feeling alive after a long time, and he wanted to have it all. So he pushed away Steve’s shirt, and caressed his chest in a desperate way, longing for skin contact, and by being pleased by Steve at the same time. Steve pulled away his shirt too, and there he was, touching his muscles with his gentle fingers, lighted up by the blue shine of the arc reactor.
“I know it’s not enough”, Steve replies before finding confirmation in Tony’s nodding, “I’m right”, he states once again, guilt resurfacing in his eyes.
Another moment of silence then Morgan basically beams. “Oh, you would love him!” she blurts out. “Daddy loves him already.”
At the nickname Steve laughs loudly, and the sound makes Tony’s stomach do a flip-back, and he cheers in his mind for such an accomplishment.
His empty head feels a distant stroke to his hair, a really kind caress that makes Tony lift his look, and his eyes try hard to focus on what is in front of him.
Steve shrugs but complies. He stretches his arms up in the air, relaxes his neck to prepare for a jump, then he falls in the sea with a swift precise movement. He laps for a moment, before grabbing the small stairs on the back of the boat and lifting himself up.
Tony turns away, his eyes on the road in front of them, his heart aching a little at the thought that perhaps he had. Perhaps he had really fallen in love because he was feeling numb and empty. He still remembers it had come a time during which he would just wander around his lab, trying to find a project, a document,
Tony puts his hands up. “I’m always honest, and some things need to be said” he affirms firmly. “You’d be too sexy to even look at” he jokes, but he’s actually just stating a very true thought going around his head.
“Your boyfriend?” Tony asks with amusement.
He knows his chest is still bare, and he knows the room is whole pitch dark, but the blue ghost of a light is dancing before his closed lids, and the warmth of a soft hand is taking care of his damaged heart, so perhaps- for the first time in awhile- a trembling and feeble light can be seen in the darkness.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry” Steve bubbles trying to avoid Tony’s rage.
Tony distanced himself a little, trying to wipe away the tears. “How much?” he asked with a crack in his voice, while Steve’s fingers were now tracing unknown drawings on his face. “Tell me” he exhorted.
“Mine broke” Morgan complains as she hands out her kite, the string knotted and impossible to make it fly.
Tony draws his lips in a smirk, half opening his eyes. “Did I scare you?” he asks grinning.
“You wanna bet?” he had asked, and Tony had shaken his head now smiling, but deep in his chest the fear of eventually winning was consuming his lungs.
― Aldous Huxley
“Yeah?” Steve asks, his voice soft.
or something”.
“What’s this?” Steve asks all of a sudden, holding in one hand a cd rom and making it swing. He intensely looks at its surface with a furrowed expression. “Luigi Tenco” he mumbles, trying to spell the name right even though it comes out with a K rather than a C.
“Morgan!” Mary calls, and the other girl beams at her. Tony props himself on his elbows, frowning at first, but then grinning widely when he notices Steve.
They finally arrive back home, night is full and dark upon them but a few stars shining slightly. The mid summer breeze makes Tony shiver a little, but he’s not really sure if it’s the air’s fault or Steve eyes’.
“Mary, come here” he calls, and the girl looks at him in concentration. “Don’t kick your arm back too much when you do the throw. Let the ball slide slowly on the floor, you’ll take down more skittles” he warns.
And he freaks out, his shirt still hanging open on his trembling shoulders, and he tries to pull away the tie that seems so
Steve swallows guiltily, already feeling his cheeks heating up, and he wonders in the back of his mind if Tony would get angry at him if he knew Steve even drew him.
“Were you friends with daddy?”, she asked curiously. Steve nodded, so she added “Do you wanna be friends with me too?”
Nothing has yet happened between the two of them. It’s undeniable that there is something going on. Most of the times- always, actually- they use the excuse of their daughters wanting to be together to take advantage of it and spend time with each other too.
Steve follows his gaze and stares at the kids too. “What is funny?” he asks again.
Every morning waking up seemed the hardest task he had ever undergone: he would have gladly fought alien invasions again and again if it meant he could get up in the morning without feeling paralysed by sorrow.
since you’re gone, not even the simplest tasks! And I have really tried, but a world without you was not worth of living in, that’s why I came back, that’s why I couldn’t think of a present where you were not in it.”
Steve kisses his head, “Anything for you, Tony”, he says.
Since the surgery he hasn’t looked at himself not even once; not because he didn’t want to, perhaps it was just an unconscious reflex that caused him to be very subtle whenever he passed in front of a mirror without a shirt on. He just didn’t want to be reminded about dreading past memories, how his heart was about to stop and in order to survive he literally had to become half a machine.
was that person: Steve would smile at him so gently that Tony could feel every wall and barrier he had built throughout his whole life just fall down, and he would find himself so defenceless but at the same time so protected that he knew he was not going to be able to look in Steve’s eyes anymore without knowing that he could not be more beautiful in any mirror he could possibly look into.
So no, it was not like he didn’t want to look at it, he didn’t want to even
But Steve held him tighter, then replied “never,” a whisper too.
“So-“ Steve says looking at him, holding his daughter’s hand.
The man slightly blushes at that. “Oh, well- then I guess it was just me who’s always been average.”
He cocks his head. “Well- good night” he wishes sheepishly.
His low voice makes Tony shiver, and he pushes Steve on his bed, moving on it too to straddle his waist.
organ anymore? There is no light, there is no light, and his own eyes seem so blown out, so dark and empty and he can’t breath; he’s trying but he can’t; everything seems too oppressive, seems to weigh on him with a force that makes him think the ground itself will swallow him and his dull heart.
and everything he would have never thought Tony Stark could be.
was the problem.
Tony melts in the embrace, his eyes flutter close while he subtly clears his throat, “Would you mind-”. He stops, squinting his eyes trying to work out the courage.
Tony smiles at him. “Yeah, no problem” he assures. “I was about to go for a dip too.” He stands up, all gorgeous in his electric blue swim-trunks, and he stretches. Steve notices the v of his pelvis, but once again reminds himself to avert his eyes. Tony is going to drive him insane.
falling asleep.
Steve beams at him. “And you look great” he replies.
Steve got now more irritated as he kept on pointing his eyes upon himself or on the ground just to avoid looking Tony in his eyes “I’m not stiff”, he stated angrily “Actually,
“Button down, definitely” Mary seems to read his mind and Steve looks at her with a raised eyebrow.
Tony closes his eyes, his eyelashes flutter and his lips part. The act makes Steve’s chest clench, and he brushes his thumb over Tony’s lips, just to feel the softness of it. Tony shivers quietly, even though it’s hot as hell, and he lets out a tiny whimper that sends sparks along Steve’s spine.
He’s sick of faking. He feels broken, he feels worn out,
Tony makes a terrified face, probably thinking Steve is going to get angry at him, but Steve chuckles loudly. “Don’t worry, I’m not mad. I’m actually impressed my boyfriend is such a known business man.”
Steve squats next to her. “Take this” he offers handing his own. “Here, hold it in this way” he instructs showing Morgan how to do it. The girl quickly understands it, and when the kite is finally up in the sky again, she runs away to join Mary.
He smiled involuntarily in complete awe as he felt his heart growing three sizes.
“Steve”, he whispered after turning his head and meeting his eyes “you staring once again”.
Morgan is shy, really reserved. She’s smart and bright, and she helps him with his projects, always asks him when she doesn’t get something, always prompts her ideas to him. But she’s one of those children who do not really talk if not asked. Outside of scientific matters, she doesn’t speak her mind. She looks at him with wide eyes during dinner, and Tony gets by her glinting look that she wants to say something, but if he doesn’t ask, then she won’t say anything.
“So cool!” Morgan had left out grinning, making her fallen teeth be visible.
Tony’s eyes widen in discomfort. All this time he thought he was being subtle.
want?”
The man chuckled “I know you never allowed her. But I told her that if Sam was ever going to give it back to me, then I would have let her take it. You know what she replied, Tony?”, he asked trying to hold a nostalgic laughter “She told me: I love you,
Mary screams loudly right away, running around with her hands in her hair, as Morgan complains and says it’s not fair.
“In daytime I regret meeting you, in nighttime I come looking for you” Tony says, a firm tone, but his heart would say otherwise.
At first Tony startled but once Steve opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, the man just let it go and surrendered to the blonde’s tongue.
Steve looks starstruck too. He can’t stop leaving kisses on Tony, not leaving out even an inch of skin, and when he finally makes his way inside Tony, he swallows his moans with his own mouth.
“It’s dark because you are trying too hard. Lightly child, lightly.
Steve laughs heartily, his eyes now relaxed. “Got it” he claps back. “Hanging out, first date. Got it” he makes another smile shaking his head.
And things went like this for the following day, and the day after that, and the day after once again.
!” Morgan reproaches Tony’s usage of bad words right away.
She grins mischievously, and Steve tosses a pillow in her direction. She catches it with a giggle.
So there he was, faltering among some kind of gloomy flowers in a very sunny Sunday morning, feeling that deadly light almost burning his chest. But Steve had a purpose, that day, so he was not going to let that distressed feeling of his ruin his plan.
“Thank you”, he says. He would like to express the gratitude he feels it’s exploding in his lungs, to communicate the extreme thankfulness of being taken seriously, the relief he feels pooling in his heart at the thought that he’s not alone anymore, that his problems matter, that he’s not overreacting, that someone’s going to take care of him, and he’s going to get better.
“Yeah, that’s kinda the reason why people hang out together.”
And there he is, still holding that hand and not wanting to let it go not now, not ever.
Tony seems to be at a loss of words too. “It is, yeah” he indeed replies.
But the things went quite differently.
. I know you did, did you?”
Steve smirks smugly. “Yeah?” he raises an eyebrow. “And how do I look like?” he asks getting closer to Tony. He rests his hands on the back of a seat, his muscles flexing on purpose.
“Yeah, I’m sorry, pop” she apologises.
“No worries” the man says, a smile back on his handsome face. “I’m Steve, by the way. Mary’s father” he introduces himself offering one hand.
Steve smiles sheepishly. “Well, I’m glad you like it” he says. “You know- I’ve been thinking about you a lot. I mean, we’re together basically every moment of the day, but I mean thinking in a different way. Not like thinking you in some way could be less nice than any another way, but-“
much to trace his cheeks with a finger, to cup his face, to lay his lips on Tony’s soft ones.
“Come to my room” Tony offers. “The kids are spending the night in the hotel anyway, in this way we can keep an eye on them.”
He grabs his own shirt, pulls it and stretches it, but it doesn’t seem to fall from his shoulders: he feels tied up, suddenly all too similar to the distant memory of a dark cave, something that seem to have happened ages ago but at the same time is too vivid to be forgotten.
And then he decided not to look at himself anymore, not to even glance at his chest skin, not to even think about it.
He’s always been cold, he always felt an aching freeze living in his chest but now, now it feels like he’s drowning in ice, like the sun itself stopped shining, like not a single light is still lit in the entire universe.
Steve comes pick him up dressed in light blue, and Tony can feel his heart dropping. He’s gorgeous.
Morgan turns to look at her friend, still smiling. “She’s Mary!” she replies loudly. “Mary, this is my daddy.”
“Steve, are you awake?” he whispered from outside the room, by leaning to the door knowing it was quite impossible to hear his soft voice from there. But apparently Steve was really awake, and could hear him quite and well thanks to his super-hearing.
He unfolds the paper and looks at it with an awed expression. “Steve-“ he mutters. It’s a drawing of him sleeping, quickly sketched, but incredibly lively in its stillness. “This is-“ he fumbles.
: yes, yes he was.
Steve tilts his head. “You watching me” Tony explains. “A little awkward, perhaps, but it really bloats my ego.”
“Huh- looks like someone is stressed out”, Tony teased once again.
The man in front of him grabs his open shirt and quietly strips it away, before picking up a sweater and dressing him up again thus hiding the total lack of light from Tony’s chest.
that Tony was, indeed, dead.
He asked himself what was the reason of that unexpected kindness of Tony, he even questioned the possibility that he was making fun of him and that sooner or later he would have made a joke or something, and popped that soft and reassuring bubble that had been created around them.
“Daddy, it’s not nice to laugh at people” Morgan says too.
Steve sighs theatrically. “Button down, then.”
“You mean on your heart?”
Tony hints at another smirk, and blames the drink for his next answer. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be here” he says. “You would be somewhere around the world, all focused on some super secret plan, dressed in khakis- wait!” he trails off, suddenly realising something. “You actually wold look so good in khakis.”
“Do you care about me?” Tony muffled.
want to say something, comunicate even the slightest information, make sure that he is okay,
, but nope! You can’t even do that, because everything -
“Tony”, the voice repeats, and to him it sounds like honey through his scraped throat, a lullaby to his dazed ears.
Tony ponders his words, and realises Steve is probably talking about a time in which Mary’s mother was still with them.
He looks at himself in the mirror, puts some other gel in his hair to make it look fancy, sprays around more cologne.
“Oh god, throw away these damn pants immediately, Rogers” he commands with a slurred voice, and Steve meets his wishes right away.
They arrive in front of the hotel, and there is an instant in which Tony wonders if something is going to happen. But then Steve pushes his hands in his pockets, distancing himself a little.
He coughed a little, then turned his face up to the sky: perhaps a storm was on its way. His hands were now both laying on the grave, the cool feeling of the marble freezing his whole body; so different from the heath and warmth Tony was always conveying. That cold had now reached Steve’s heart too, he could feel it.
Steve’s head was now resting peacefully next to the heart of his beloved, his fingers still in the act of tracing those painful words:
And his hands are still trembling, cold limbs that do not seem to know why they are sticked to his arms, frail hands that he would like someone to hold for him, thus quietening them, thus helping him breath again.
“It’s cold” he points out.
Steve and Morgan still have an advantage though, since Steve is apparently extremely skilled even at bowling. In any other case, Tony would be mad for the fact that he’s losing, but right now, looking at Steve making flawless throws and then cheering with his own daughter, gives Tony a very pleasant sensation.
Steve swallows at the joy on his face, suddenly feeling content too. “I’m sorry to bother you” he apologises. “Mary wanted Morgan to go swimming with her.”
Tony’s grave was something that for a long moment he didn’t even want to think about: the mere thought of the cold body of the man laying under a ton of dirt in the obnoxious darkness of a coffin used to cause him a deep and piercing pain in his old heart, that usually led him not to sleep for several nights straight.
Steve rolls his eyes with fondness. He doesn’t even think about it, when he reaches out for Tony’s cheek and cups it with his other hand, like he so wanted to do before.
He takes a sip from his smoothie, then adds: “She’s not really extrovert, and I hate not being able to help her with that.”
“Is everything okay?” Steve asked, now really worried about him.
“You’re right” he breathes on his skin. “It’s different like this.”
Steve blushes deeply. “What-? No!” he scoffs. “Mary, don’t be rude, that’s not at all what I-“
Tony feels his own heart growing three sizes bigger, “I love you, too”, he whispers, then gets quiet for awhile.
centimetres.”
“Mary” he says pretending to be outraged. “We’re gonna have our revenge.”
He spots Tony laying on his belly like the day before, his tanned muscles stretching, the curve of his back quite inviting as it leads to his toned ass. Steve turns away his gaze.
Steve shook his head. “And for what?”
There is a brief silence, very few instants that actually hold too many unspoken promises. Tony nods at him; his cheeks are starting to get to a normal complexion again, and his heart is now beating calmly in his chest.
It wasn’t because he didn’t care, not ever. It was because he didn’t think he could even do it, to allow himself this possibility, not to even dare saying out loud how happy he was of not being alone.
The blond man keeps caressing his hand, soft touches that reminds him he’s not alone, and now Tony understands what Steve is really trying to ask:
So throw away your baggage and go forward. There are quicksands all around you, sucking at your feet, trying to suck you down into fear and self-pity and despair. That’s why you must walk so lightly.
And while he was there, punching the sack with every single strength he could find in his body, he fell to the ground, keeping his head between his hands and trying not to tear up too loudly.
Steve nods. “Since I was a kid,” he explains. “I would come here with my mom, spent a lot of time looking for shells” he looks in the distance, where the sea stretches. “She would pierce them and make jewels out of them. I may still have a necklace or something” Steve smiles at his own memory, and Tony joins him, feeling warm at the sweet way Steve is remembering the moment.
“That’s a shame” he comments. “But if you let me offer you dinner tonight, you can tell me all about these thoughts. No minors allowed.”
“Steve!” he calls, ignoring Morgan’s tugs at his leg to go eating.
Morgan frowns. “You’re lying!” she points out, but before Tony can find an excuse to that, she chuckles with her friend.
what was standing near him; a pale and glacial marble commemorative plaque erected among scrubs with a few sentences engraved on its surface:
“We lost?” Steve repeats with a raised eyebrow, tightening his grab. “I don’t know, it looks to me like I did save you in the end” he looks into Tony’s eyes and his slightly parted lips, and it would be so easy to close the distance and kiss him right and there.
“It’s just that-“, he begins, then he squints his eyes with his own fingers, lowering his gaze, “I saw something that reminded me of you, while I was away, so I- God, I’m so stupid, Tony, I’m so sorry.”
And while he was there, folding documents and trying to organise his papers, Tony had found himself not wanting that moment to ever end: the whole lab had now a new light, his own work suddenly seemed interesting, and Steve, Steve himself, looked to him like the chance of finally doing alright.
“Good night” he wishes too. Then, when he’s about to step in the hall of the hotel, he throws a quick glance behind him, and grins contently when he spots Steve’s figure still looking at him outside.
“I know” he admits. “I just wonder what it would have been like.”
“Aw, Steve” Tony whines once Steve takes his head out of the water. “We lost” he pouts.
“You’re very subtle” she mocks with a knowing smirk.
the hell has just outsmarted his very bright and very smart daughter.
“You want me to translate it?” he asks, and Steve nods fondly.
“Aw, kid” Tony says, sitting next to her. He ruffles her light hair and gets her to smile. “We’re people of science” he shrugs. “When we don’t succeed first try, it just means we have to try harder next time.”
Mary nods repetitively. “Got it” she states.
He moans without any care when their hips crush against each other, and another whimper leaves his mouth when Steve grabs his ass.
Morgan is jumping on the bed while she talks at the phone, making her dark braids sway around at every up and down.
His words came out clear in the silence of the moment, broken only by the swift waves that crushed on the water edge.
He lets his hand fall, and Tony’s eyes snap open, a wry look on him, probably feeling the loss of Steve’s touch.
She turns to look at Tony. “Yeah he’s here, he’s pretty too right now” she bubbles. “They go out eating.”
He keeps on moving forward, but this time going backward, his front turned to Steve. He smiles, as the sun hits his chest and dark hair, making it shine. His eyes are bright too, and a whirl of fresh air makes a curl fall on his forehead, and he looks so beautiful that Steve’s breath catches in his throat.
But the truth was that he indeed already knew all that stuff. No one would have ever allowed him to take part of deadly missions if he didn’t know at least what stars were made of. But watching Tony explain things so simple in a so passionate way drew him into pretending not to know anything just for him to keep on talking.
He feels like a creep, staying there watching Tony sleeping and drawing him while he’s unconscious, but something tells him that Tony wouldn’t mind the attention.
Tony seems to be waiting for it too, but at the last moment Steve changes his mind and makes Tony fall into the water, mimicking the same game the man was previously doing with the little girls.
“No, no! You don’t understand” Tony laughs. “I’m really dumb, you just have to get to know me” he jokes.
She shushes his words with an hand. “Alright, this is
“What?”, he asked in confusion “yeah, of course. Keep going”.
when Tony couldn’t stop teasing him to the point that Steve had actually started questioning if he was flirting with him.
“Let me go!” she giggles swaying her feet, but Tony doesn’t give up yet.
While they come back to the hotel, Morgan insists on sitting on Steve’s shoulders, and none of them has the heart to deny her so, so Steve picks her up, while she chats from there with Mary, who walks along with her nose pointing up.
“I really care, Tony” Steve eventually whispered. “Don’t you ever think the opposite.”
“I know it’s not the same thing, Tony, but-”
” he comments, as Steve and Morgan cheer.
Tony startled. “It’s just- It just is loud enough to cover my thoughts” he mumbled now feeling dumb. “I’m sorry.”
“I’ve always loved this place” Steve comments while they’re walking. There is a subtle distance between them, and Tony doesn’t feel like closing it, since Steve looks like someone who would take things slow.
Tony actually doesn’t mind it. He’s interested in the man, and for once in his life he’s repeating himself that he’s determined to make it work.
“There you go!” he greets when Steve comes closer. He has a joyous face, and Tony relaxes just at seeing it.
“See?” Tony points out. “Not that bad, right?”
“I’m sorry”, he almost whines. Steve’s arms are already around him, a tight hug clutching Tony against his broad and warm chest, pressing their own hearts together for the first time.
But Tony gives him all new sensations. There is nothing in him that makes Steve regret his past, or feel guilty for what he’s doing. Nothing like that. When he’s with Tony, Tony is all there is in his head. And seeing him playing around with Mary, joking and laughing with the two kids so lovingly, dedicating his whole self to them- that’s something that makes Steve’s heart flutter.
He keeps his eyes on the road, forcing himself to act casual despite the fact talking about his mother always gives him a little ache: if he closes his eyes, he can still feel the gentle hold of his mother hands on his own, making him dance around the living room to the sound of the vinyl record.
He lays his eyes on his long figure, his slim waist and narrow hips. Tony’s wearing yellow swim-trunks, that day. Steve has discovered Tony has kind of an obsession with it. He’s got swim-trunks in all possible colors, and the shades are so bright that they almost seem to glow against his tanned skin. He’s beautiful all over.
“Yeah, it is” she whines.
His words actually comfort the girl, and she stands up on the spot, reaching out with her hand to grab Morgan’s one. She shakes it. “Nice play” Mary says resolutely. “Congratulations for your victory.”
Morgan is on cloud nine, yanking herself around Steve’s legs while he plays, screaming with laughter when Steve points out that they’re winning.
, but Steve always tried to dismiss the topic. He never wanted Mary to think that she was not his priority, and most of the times he tells himself that she’s still young, and he should only worry about her, not about any other relationship.
“What?!”, he asked shocked “Steve Rogers, this is the most cheesy -almost
“Who’s your new friend?” Tony asks softly, kind of regretting his previous burst of antagonism.
They had just met, and it was so draining for Steve to collaborate, especially when Tony couldn’t stop being so cocky and proud,
“I’m really sorry she bothered you. She can sound as a showoff, but I promise she means no harm” he says with a rueful expression.
And then the day they argued in a very excited way Steve had been so impressed at how fast Tony had replied to his provocation with that “genius billionaire playboy philanthropist”. He had felt so angry and kind of humiliated but at the same time he had pretended not to be very turned on by his arrogance.
“Yeah, I tell that to myself too” he admits. “But you know, when you notice your daughter is growing and you’re missing most of it- that’s kinda sad.”
Tony briefly sobbed, his throat burning with tears. “I don’t want to be alone” he confessed. “Not anymore.”
For a long time Steve had pretended the two of them were just not seeing each other due to different tasks, that if he wanted he could have called Tony and actually met him up, that if he
“I know” he mumbles. “Yeah, yeah, I remember now.”
And the first thing that comes to his head is that he is not okay. He is not. And he’s tired of pretending otherwise, to wake up and smile at whoever crosses his path while he feels like dying every second of his day.
Mary raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t say anything.
When he was talking and talking and talking; when he kept on cracking up puns and jokes even in the most critic moments; when he bursted out laughing when they were discussing something important. And when Steve was all serious, stiff in his Captain America suit, and Tony just showed up wearing a printed shirt of some band and with that haughty attitude of his.
“It is
On the shore, after a few instants, the old man quitted coughing and his chest stopped beating quietly.
“Oh” he indeed bubbles embarrassed. “I’m sorry” he shifts on his feet, and he gets a glimpse of the girls’ castle, detailed and most of all
?!” Tony chuckled “I was joking! You know, two friends kidding around. Nothing sexual, buddy.” He looked really satisfied with his reply, and he grinned naively when Steve flushed once again.
Steve accepts without any further begging, and when they reach the shore, Tony takes off his shoes and walks barefoot.
Tony is not someone to complain. And without even noticing it, he has been so used to this new routine by now, that when he catches his own reflection for basically the first time since the surgery, he doesn't even know how he should react to the sight.
about it at all.
“I didn’t want to bother you” he apologised. “Just wanted to see what you’re up for.”
“I wanted to tell you” Tony mumbles. “But I didn’t want you to think I was bragging about it.”
Steve feels incredibly at ease with him. He feels like he could tell Tony anything, confess even his darkest secrets. Tony looks at him with such reassuring eyes, and his voice is so sweet and such a relief to Steve’s fears and insecurities. He hasn’t felt like this in years, and he was sure he would not be able to feel like this anymore.
,” she concedes. “But it’s going to happen sooner or later, and I want you to know I’m okay with it” she assures. She speaks with a resolute tone, and she seems so old for her age.
” he mutters, then covers his mouth with an hand. “Don’t tell mom!” he begs, and Morgan puts a finger in front of her mouth too, shushing like it’s a secret within them.
Tony pouts. “You let go of my hand” he states.
“Do you remember that time you explained to me the reason why stars shine so bright?”
“A huge man like you, all upright and honest. Ready to do the right thing, America’s favorite.” Again, Tony remained quiet, as if he was waiting for Steve to demolish that punchball, which happened a few seconds later.
He had got up from his bed, and had started wandering around the rooms in search of something he didn’t know of; but without even realising it he was directed toward Steve’s bedroom, his inner thoughts telling him that he was the only person whom he could find comfort to.
But Steve pulls away to remove his shirt with one swift movement, making Tony groan at the sight of his defined abs.
“I think I wanted you since the first time I laid my eyes on you” he admits softly.
He puts he sketchbook back, and he lays down again on the chair, still keeping his look on the man sleeping next to him. He would like so
“Tony, Tony…” Steve was mumbling, but that cold headstone kept on giving him back those few distant sentences only.
“What I’m trying to say is that- it’s okay if it seems too much sometimes. If you can’t handle the whole situation, and if you just feel like giving up and -uh- crying.”
“I don’t want to- you
Tony suddenly chuckles, shaking his head with the stupidity of his thought.
He does not know what he’s begging for; perhaps for all of this to end.
At the suggestion Tony frowns. He’s laying face down on a beach chair, trying to get a tan on his back, so it’s not really that easy for him to see what’s going on by his side. He half opens one eye just to check everything is okay, and most importantly-
Steve tilts his head. “No, actually, we used to come here a lot, years back” he mumbles, some sort of fidgeting tone in his voice.
Steve keeps on shushing him, caressing his cheeks and wiping out his tears and quietly, slowly and silently the world starts regaining its original liveliness: his sight focuses again and his mind manages to grasp the event that is taking place in his bedroom, in front of him.
Steve laughed at his expression and then admitted “Honest to God I don’t know what I would do without you”.
Tony removed one of the earpieces he had on. “I’m sorry” he apologised. “I didn’t hear you coming.” He looked upset, almost weary of a weight he seemed to had kept on his shoulders way too long.
Tony looked a little heated up as he was pointing his finger at Steve’s chest “Wanna know what more? I have tried so
Steve looks around with a smile. “Yeah, it’s very peaceful” he states. They stop pedaling once they’re far off to sea, and Morgan and Mary hold hands while they jump in the water.
“Cap’?! Hey! You listenin’?” Steve came back to his senses and tried to shake off the expression of amusement he must have had on his face.
Steve laughs at his ogling. “Yeah, but I quitted” he informs. “I’m more of a quiet person, you know” he points his blue eyes in Tony’s ones, and Tony feels another clench to his stomach.
The whole sky was now covered with clouds, perhaps in the middle of the ocean it was already raining; but there on the shore there were still little glimpses of sunshine, a late goodbye before the storm.
He took his head with his two hands, as if he was trying to stop it from grieving that much “I can’t, Tony! I can’t! I can’t do
“Why you standing there just smiling and looking at me like I’m some kind of a baby?!” Tony pouted, faking grudge “act like a man and kiss me again, damn!”
Steve chuckles lightly. “Good girl” he cheers. He looks at himself back in the mirror, his fingers resting hesitantly on the buttons.
in a rational way.
Steve’s eyebrows narrow, then he laughs loudly too. “Oh my god” he exclaims. “You cracked the code! Are you sure they didn’t switch the babies when they were born?” he jokes.
Tony ruffles her hair once again. “I know that, why would I choose you for my team, otherwise?” he winks.
“You’re a wise man, Tony Stark” Steve comments bumping his shoulder.
When he was younger, Steve and his wife would always rent one of these and pedal around, stopping in the middle of the sea where the water was clearer. He loved it. He would spend hours and hours drawing the sea, while his wife would lap around the boat.
“Breathe in and breath out, babe”, that voice again, slowly becoming clearer and more audible, “I’ve got you”.
Tony chuckles, thinking Steve is making fun of him, but when the man frowns without a clue, he decides not to dig into it. It’s not that nice to ask “What? You don’t know who I am?” as some kind of self bloated narcissist, which he is
Tony huffs. ‘Well- I’m literally
And he had felt this way for a long time, and the thing that was paining him the most was the realisation that that feeling was not going to go away. Sometimes he would feel suffocating.
It pains him to realise she doesn’t have a lot of friends. One thing they do not have in common is their liveliness. Tony is always the first one to initiate conversations, and he rarely shuts up. Morgan probably took her social skills from her mother. Pepper never was one to meddle into someone else’s affairs.
“Cold! Cold! Cold!” Mary chants back, but they keep on swimming anyway, refreshed by the cold water.
He sets the phone on the table with a smile. Things with Pepper might have not worked, but there is always going to be true affection between them, and what pleases him the most is that they do not have to fake to get along just for their daughter. The respect is real.
. It still wasn’t enough to Tony, he still needed to feel the raw contact with burning and living flesh, and he did not want it to be anyone’s contact, he wanted it to be Steve’s. He made his hand slide into Steve’s briefs, moaning himself, mouth wide open, because he wanted to let it all out, he really wanted to feel alive. And Steve reacted with the same enthusiasm, and undressed him too, and touched Tony where his skin was sensitive the most, making him shiver and moan again.
Tony chuckles and nods. “Unfortunately, no” he concedes. He then leans back on his chair and focuses his gaze on the man in front of him.
And because of this he had done the only thing he thought he was able to do: he had got up from bed and gone downstairs in his workshop, thinking that only by tiring himself out he would be able to sleep, but that didn't work. He had stayed up the whole night, fixing and working on some engines and tubes that didn't need a maintenance in the slightest way. And just when he the sun was starting to set once again, and light rays of sunshine made their appearance in the darkness of the workshop, Tony had finally been able to rest and fall asleep in the total brightness of the room.
But he was lying down before, and the surgeons hid his chest then, so he did not really notice the lack of a light under his chin.
Tony smiles back, his chest pounding with expectation. “See you later.”
At last Steve pretends to succumb to their strength, and falls into the water with his whole body, splashing around and mocking a drowning.
Tony chuckles too. “Steve Rogers” he glares. “You son of a-“
swear, he heard him uttering back a “
“You and I”, he started again, “we’re just trying to live up to people’s expectations. And sometimes -most of the times, actually- it’s difficult, I know. But this does not mean we are failing”.
Tony shrugs. “They changed our seats” he explains. “Now we’re neighbours.”
“What-?! No!” Steve yelled “That is not true!” He felt quite hopeless, almost shaking with his face burning.
“Mary” he calls with nonchalance, trying to keep his voice uninterested.
And in this way Steve had lived in denial for days first, and months after, and then years, until one day it had actually hit him: the realisation that no, Tony would have not come if Steve had needed him.
!” Morgan’s reproach comes clear between them, and they both turn to look at the little girl, standing right with her hands on her hips. They both laugh at her righteousness, and before they can realise it, they are all splashing each other again, four kids instead of just two.
Tony loosens his tie, an involuntary smile creeps on his worn out face: oh, he
Tony is without any doubt handsome. Just that.
He’s been thinking about it lately, about having a night just for him and Tony. The only time they had just the two of them was during that first drink Tony offered him the day they met.
He turned off Tony’s earpieces so that the music was now playing out loud. “Would you dance with me?” he asked, moving forward one hand to reach Tony’s.
, his hands as well. He knows he’s breathing but he’s gagging on air itself: his lungs seem to be so full they’re about to blow up, but at the same time there is not enough oxygen in them.
And Steve let him, and replied to the kiss with the same energy, the same hunger, and leaned on Tony once again, making his hands wander on the other’s man dark hair, and strong back. Tony was suddenly feeling, everything at the same time, all in once, and it felt so good. His heart was racing, and for a moment he almost thought it was going to fall from his chest, but if he was going to die this way he was good with it.
Steve smiles. “Yeah, we’re going too.” He grabs Mary’s hand to help her stand up. The girl bats the sand off her knees with a groan.
They’ve been together for a few weeks now, kissing each other around, making it to the bedroom way too often. But still none of them has actually professed a deeper feeling than an affectionate one.
Steve strokes his hand once more, then catches his mouth for a brief kiss, all smiles and a little joyful giggle, then confesses “I did too.”
Tony approached him too, his brow still raised “You keep saying it but I really don’t know what you’re talking about.”
-“ he goes on. “If there is something that makes you uncomfortable even in the slightest way- I want you to tell me” he orders.
They get in position, and Tony and Mary watch as Steve makes the first move. He throws the ball with precision, making most of the skittles fall down.
“Yes, daddy! We’re beating you” she chuckles sticking her tongue out at Tony, before throwing her arms around Steve’s neck.
His hair are dripping water, as of his whole body. When he turns up his head he finds Tony staring at him with his mouth slightly parted. Steve wouldn’t want daring to say so, but he even looks faintly flushed.
They remained like this for a while, Steve’s forehead resting on Tony’s one, both panting in each other’s breath. Then Steve let him go, laying next to him on the mattress too.
Still, Tony guilts himself. But he and Pepper just had a very deep affection towards each other, and sometimes it’s enough, sometimes it’s not. They both deserved to fall in love.
The sky is clear, not even a cloud in sight, and Steve spots Tony looking up, probably thinking the same. When Tony looks back, he stares at him too. “I love this” he comments. “I never took one of these.”
Mary’s shoulders slump. “I’m sorry pop” she whines. “I just wanted to play with Morgan” she holds the other girl’s hand to make her dad see her, and the man’s frown softens.
“Tony!” Steve greets back, beaming in the dim light of the patio outside the hotel. “Should we go?” he asks.
When Steve arrives, he’s wearing a light blue shirt that matches his eyes. Tony looks at him with a pleasant smile, which only intensifies when he notices the shirt is button down. He can trace the line of Steve’s lean neck, his skin slightly flushed because of the morning sun.
Mary is pouting next to Tony, making faces at Steve and Morgan’s happiness.
“Me too, daddy!” she asks.
Steve looks at her intently, ponders if it’s right of him to bother her or if he should pick up the book he brought with him and start reading it. He makes his look wander around the beach, casually stretching his eyes some seats ahead, just to see if he’s gonna spot some familiar face. At last, he works up the courage.
. You are the problem. Wanna know why?”
“It doesn’t bother me, if that’s what worries you” he says with a reassuring smile.
knew, they were only words, stupid letters forming terms that didn’t even make any sense, but when he was with him,
Steve rolls his eyes with a smirk, and Tony winks at him.
“Mary! I’ve told you not to run away without saying anything” the stranger scolds, his perfectly pinched eyebrows narrowed with reproach. “You made me worry.”
him, because in the middle of a fight Tony was always up for some flirty joke and Steve, Steve wasn’t even able to reply, too much confused and embarrassed by his comments.
The grip on his hand, resting on his tight while he drives, is strong, it gives him relief from the quiet thoughts he’s having by listening to this song. And Steve looks at him smiling, his eyes telling what they’re both thinking in that moment- ‘I can’t think about anything but you.’
“Daddy!” she exclaims grinning widely, a teeth gap visible inside her mouth.
And he has always known he’s attractive and quite handsome, but this was the kind of self awareness he needed
He’s afraid: an extreme fear is devouring his soul, he’s not able to think anything because that terror has seized him, has swallowed him in just one bite.
“You’ll never find out”, Tony mumbled, leaning to Steve in the attempt of kissing him.
Tony smirks. “Sometimes I don’t fuck up” he shrugs.
“Yes, you are right: it’s not enough”, Tony grants, “You being here now, or sooner, or always, wouldn’t still be enough, but this has nothing to do with you”. He rubs his eyes in tiredness, and Steve caresses his arms encouraging him to go on.
Tony looks at their interaction a little entranced, still stealing glances of the hot stranger in front of him, when the man finally turns and looks at him.
much”, Steve admits, “don’t ever forget that, not even among the fog of your thoughts”.
His voice shakes a little, and he briefly startles when he feels a gentle stroke on his jaw. Steve is caressing him with one hand, soft circles on his skin that makes him shiver. He needed it, he needed it
His heart is beating,
He was quite tired after a mission so he had gone straight to bed, his eyes weighting with tiredness. But once every curtain was closed and darkness had fallen in the room, he had started to feel so numb and empty in that anguishing darkness, like he couldn't even breathe because of that swallowing void.
He’d like to suppress his sorrow, but no, he can’t lie. Not to who is knelt before him looking like he’s feeling his same aching pain.
Steve has to hide a smile too, before he shakes his head. “I’m not talking just about Tony-“ he says.
But he would not complain.
he had found someone who would look at him and make him feel
He tightens his lips and puts himself to work. He’s a little out of practice, or maybe it’s just because he’s nervous he’s not going to make Tony’s face right, because he has to restart the drawing a couple of times, before finally making the shape in the right way.
He knows someone’s calling him, but it really feels like it comes from so
Steve scoffs. “You already saw all of this” he calls out, his hands hovering on Tony’s body.
Tony was stuck for the eternity to just lay there made him feel an agonising ache in his heart and he found himself crying without even realising when it had started.
Steve doesn’t say anything further, but he gives him a knowing smile.
“Let’s go to bed”, Steve says at some point, still holding Tony by the hand and leading him to the white mattress. He helps him get comfortable, then makes an expression that could be read as forlorn, guilt striking in his eyes.
He strips down his white shirt, button after button, and without even noticing what he’s doing, he catches a glimpse of his own reflection in the mirror on the wall.
“So, listen here” Tony calls once they’ve reached their spot. “I propose a switch.”
Tony shushes him placing his own hand on Steve’s one and shifting himself closer to Steve’s broad chest.
, Tony thinks,
“Looking forward to having more fun” Tony adds, and he’s not really sure if he’s hinting at something else, or if he just really likes spending time this way.
it. He doesn’t want to. He wants to live
They make it to Tony’s room in a fumble, and Tony’s still locking the door when Steve is already trailing kisses along his throat. Tony moans softly, tugging lightly at Steve’s hair, keeping him on his neck.
At first he really thought it was normal: he was so used to the light shining in the middle of his chest that when darkness would swallow him during night time, he couldn't be able to not even close his eyes without panicking in the empty and all black room.
Morgan used to be so entertained by all his tales and stories, and at first Steve sticked to narrating historical anecdotes that he had experienced in first person, but then the girl had started requesting stories about her father, and that was something the man was not prepared to face.
Then he had proceeded into lecturing Steve about nuclear power and galaxies, and every time he addressed a new subject, he made himself sure the blonde knew what he was talking about by first offering a foreword. Steve kept on looking clueless, making numb expressions and excusing himself because no, he didn’t know anything about that content either.
“You know I don’t mind, right?” Mary’s squeaky voice wakes him from his spiral of thoughts and he looks at her through the mirror. He hints at a feeble smile, but he feels the need to lower his eyes.
“It’s too heavy!” Morgan complains, and Mary backs her.
Rain was starting to pour down, and the lightings in the distant threatened a thunderstorm; the wind upon the ocean was blowing wildly.
“Morgan” he calls, and the brunette head of the girl snaps on him.
“I’m happy too” he says. “And that’s because of
“Daddy, I’m hungry” Morgan whines gripping at his leg, saving him from the embarrassment.
In his mind a quiet, peaceful word keep making its appearance, a cry for help that no one would listen to even if he was actually able to express it. “Please”, he’s trying to say, “please”.
“That’s why I’ve come down here” Steve had added. “I can find comfort only when I’m here.”
“Steve” Morgan says after a while, probably in response to Pepper’s question. Tony looks at her frowning, and bends an ear to hear what she’s talking about.
strict right now, that is actually trying to strangle him, yes, he’s sure, it wants to choke him.
Tony pouts. “But it’s heavy to me too” he complains, and Steve shakes his head.
Then Steve finally breaks the silence. “Did you?” he quietly asks, and at first Tony looks confused.
“I know, I know!” Tony apologises putting up his hands as a sign of surrender, then he turns to Steve. “We don’t stand a chance against there two” he murmurs under his breath, and Steve hides a chuckle not to make the girls glare at them.
“This is not what you think it is” he warns, his voice firm, but Mary rolls her eyes.
“I’m sorry; I got scared. There was nothing at all and I got scared”, it sounds dumb now that he’s saying it, but that void had terrified Tony to the point that he had actually questioned the function of his own heart.
“Tony”, Steve called, looking at the headstone once again, “you promised you would never leave, were are you now?”
“You just had to ask, Mary. You know I let you do what you want, but first-“
“You don’t have to” Tony answered and then briefly blushed trying to look away from him. “I just-“ he added. “I just don’t want to think about later.”
He chuckles. “
He looks down at his own shoes while he walks, mostly to avoid Steve’s eyes. Morgan has always been a sensitive issue to him. He loves her with his entire heart, and would literally do anything in his capacity to make her happy. But there are things that he simply cannot change.
At three pm he felt so lonely, all alone in that big workshop of his, the pitiless sun of the afternoon making its way through the windows; but at three in the morning, while he laid on his bed sleepless, for a long time he couldn’t help but imagine a nice and joyful future with someone who could love him as much as he did.
And freezing tears stream down his pale face: he’s paralysed, shocked by dread of reality itself, of events quite impossible to take place, of moments that have already happened but still make him fear they can repeat themselves.
She’s probably smiling too when she says: “You know I’m always here for you, right? Be careful.”
Steve looks at the three of them, a grin he didn’t even realised he had on his face, while he looks at the way Tony’s eyes crinkle with laughter, how the corners of his lips stretch with joy.
Steve imitates him, and grabs Tony’s hand, holding it as they stroll. Having their fingers enlaced makes Tony smile widely, and Steve replies to his smile with another one.
“I’m happy” Tony states. “And that’s because of you.”
So Steve had described the whole alien invasion, and the power of the Infinity Stones, thus leading the story to Tony’s final sacrifice in order to save humanity.
Every time they were about to take an important decision Steve felt like Tony proposed something opposite only to get on his nerves, just to test him, wanting to actually make him snap at him just for the purpose of it.
Silence once again, but this time Steve stopped himself from punching the sack, and he just remained still, his fists up in the air, and his look fixated on the ground.
much. Can somebody help him? Can someone hold him still? Please,
Steve turns around the cd and focuses on the tracks written behind. Tony can see him concentrate, perhaps wanting to pronounce the songs’ name in the right way.
Tony nodded repetitively, classical music still playing in one ear, so loud that it could damage his own hearing, but not enough to make him feel something beside a grieving emptiness.
The man started crying: he had tried
They’re still sitting one in front of the other, each of them on his own chair, their knees brushing against each other.
?”, he asked, absorbed “thought
“That is not- I-”
“I swear I
Tony’s heart races miles, his lower abdomen suddenly interested in Steve’s low voice, and he has to swallow thickly and shake himself to remember they’re still in public and no, he cannot grab Steve’s shirt and push his mouth on him.
And to feel Steve’s coarse tongue on himself made Tony quiver, made him understand that this was the touch he had been yearning for for so long, this was how much he needed someone to take care of him but again- not just someone, but
“Well, I’m sorry I was living during wartime and stars were not really my priority!” Steve had replied while pretending to be offended, “perhaps you should find a smarter boyfriend”, he teased.
But at last he let it. He was sedated and once he woke up again it was gone. All gone.
daughter, shy and quiet and all of that, like you.”
“It’s been two years” she adds indeed, and she tilts her head with a comforting smile. The act makes Steve’s heart grow soft, thinking how his own daughter is trying to relieve him on the topic.
Steve nods vigorously. “More than good!” he exclaims. “I like to hear what the person in front of me is saying” he adds, and at that Tony chuckles.
to keep himself busy, or else he would feel his whole desperation fall on his head. And by working and operating he had managed to go through a really rough time, to overcome endless nights during which he felt like dying was his only option.
“Tony, hey, look at me” he urged, grabbing his face with his gentle fingers and making Tony turning back. “What’s the problem?”
So he’s still thinking about Steve, about those big blue eyes of his, about his shy smile and ruffled hair in the morning when they wake up next to each other and how it still feels like a dream, even after so much time, to be able to spend the whole night between his arms.
“It’s gonna sound so lame, now that you told me about your business-“ he fumbles. He brings an hand to his neck nape and scratches it in embarrassment.
Tony nods. “If Mary didn’t talk to her first, she probably would have spent these two past days all by herself” he mumbles. Then, because he feels like he has to say it, he looks at Steve with a small smile and says: “Thank you.”
Nothing had felt the same since New York. He
understand what is that I’m doing!”, this time Tony raised his voice, getting closer to Steve and actually looking like he couldn’t get what he was getting wrong.
Steve doesn’t seem to mind. “I would love it too” he indeed replies, flashing him another bright smile.
“So, so much” Steve whispered, his lips replacing his fingers, leaving light kisses on Tony’s neck, and jaw, and eyelids. “So much.”
“You know,” Tony started. “They say if you get up at three in the morning chances are you’re possessed by a demon or something so- am I really talking to you?”
Tony goes on. “It’s not too crowded, you can hear what the person in front of you is saying- I like it” he grins. “That’s where we’re going, does it sound good?” he asks.
“We’ve got time for that, babe”, he chuckles, but he does not look annoyed, nor nervous at the thought, just in a deep adoration for the small man sat cross-legged between the white sheets on the bed.
“Hi”, she murmured and as soon as Steve recognised Tony’s brown eyes in her, he smiled softly to hearten her.
He wondered if it was a good idea to do this with Tony too, pondering if the thought would make him feel guilty, but it actually only made him eager to suggest it to Tony, so he embraced the feeling and asked Tony to join him.
He had deliberately not addressed the battle against Thanos, thinking that it was Pepper’s duty to inform the little girl about it, but one day, once Morgan had asked about Tony’s last fight, the redhead woman had just nodded smiling sadly. “Tell her”, she had allowed him “I want it to be you”.
When the boat is finally not sinking anymore, they get on it with the two girls. For a while they pedal, just to distance themselves from the shore. The wind is fresh through their hair, and the sun is pleasant on their salted skin.
“So much better”, he mumbles again, actually feeling himself shifting into sleep.
The blond man vigorously shakes his head “No, honey” he warns “actually, I am the one who should apologise. If I have gotten here earlier, or didn’t go away at all-“
He turns to look at Morgan. “You snitched to mom about Steve?” he asks gaping, faking outrage.
Steve’s breath catches, and his eyes are immediately on Tony’s face. Tony is smiling comfortably. “I like it” he says slowly.
“You feel the same, right?” Steve asks softly, almost reading Tony’s mind. He strokes Tony’s hand back and flashes him a smile. “I know that look. The ‘if’ look. Sometimes it never goes away.”
After around half an hour, he’s satisfied with the result. The Tony on paper is looking soft and adorable in his sleep. Hell, it’s obviously not as beautiful as the real Tony,
Days start to glide over them. They meet on the beach every morning, go swim together, play around and laugh with carelessness. Sometimes they even have lunch together, eating sandwiches at the bar near the shore, and then napping under the umbrella.
“Makes me regret coming” Steve bubbles when he first steps into the water. It is indeed very cold, and he feels his ankles shivering at it.
Tony laughs. “That actually sounds like something a creep would say.”
The man approaches their little spot on the sand, and Tony has to remind himself it’s rude to stare at strangers, because he’s
Steve briefly laughed. “At three in the morning?” He was standing in front of the window, still dressed with his day clothes.
“You like him, don’t you?” Mary looks up at him with a knowing smirk on her face. She’s splayed on the king size bed, her legs swaying up in the air and her arms falling from the mattress.
Steve clears his throat. He tries to come up with something to say, something completely unrelated, like ‘we should go look for the girls’, or ‘wanna go for a dip?’ or even ‘I have to go to the toilet’. But nothing comes out of his mouth, Tony’s eyes way too piercing. He makes a wrenched face, and Tony smiles sweetly at that.
Tony nods. He does know. He was pretty similar to Mary when he was her age, always eager with knowing more, resulting annoying to whoever was around him, so he gets Steve’s concern.
But Steve looked at him how Tony had always wanted to be looked at, and while kissing him once again, he pushed one finger inside of him, catching with his mouth another moan from Tony, when he let another finger slide inside him.
“What about me, you ask?” Steve says, taking his drink too, probably so to know what to do with his hands. Tony nods with an encouraging smile.
What do they want from him? He just wants to be left all alone, for once. He just wants to sleep, to black out, to push away every deadline that’s oppressing him.
Tony chuckles along with them, takes them both in his arms, and makes them flop in the water with more splashes.
He certainly had tried to move backward, his heart in his gut, dread pooling in his lungs at the sight of surgeons all ready to put their hands on him. And the mere thought was kind of frightening, especially when it was ages since a stranger had touched him.
“We should go to the beach!” he suggests. “Please, let’s go to the beach.”
‘Till
, actually” he whispers, then he pretends nothing happened at all and gets to his position again.
Tony grins encouraging him to go on, but Steve scratches the back of his neck. “Yeah, have a good meal” he wishes, his cheeks faintly flushing.
Tony’s laugh, but only for a few instants.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Why so?” he asks.
“Goodhearted friend”, Steve murmured, right before feeling a bothersome ache in his heart: and then he knew that he couldn’t have come there earlier because it would have meant dealing with this pain at a time when his wounds were still too open to really accept what had happened.
had caused that rush, made him understand that perhaps, sooner or later, he would have found himself in that situation no matter what: it could have been a year before, or it could have been a day after, or even in a remote future, but the two of them would have found their way to each other anyway.
“Steve?”, Tony’s voice comes out quite muffled by the blanket.
He was looking downward as if he was trying to balance a great weight on his shoulders or as if he was just afraid he was going to trip at any moment due to his bad reflexes.
The kids look at him with hanging mouths and Steve giggles at their confusion. “Blonde kid, you’re with me” he orders Mary. “Maguna, you’re with the barbie man tonight.”
Steve couldn’t help but feel extremely out of place, and Tony’s smile depicted all over those photos  looked like a reminder of the way he had ripped that family apart. He truly wanted to leave that anguishing house, but as soon as he started to move backwards in the attempt of making his way out, a little brunette girl had looked at him while trying to hide behind the living room’s door.
And then without even realising it, he had grown used to work all night and sleep in the daylight, even though he would only manage to rest for a few hours before he actually had to wake up and pretend to live his everyday life like he had a full 8 hours of sleep.
“Make me”.
Then one night, Tony was resting in the kitchen at three in the morning, his eyes not wanting to shut and let him sleep, when suddenly Steve had showed up too. He opened the fridge, and tried to look for something to eat, but thanks to the neon light of the device he caught Tony’s shadow all curled up on the couch.
“Yep, kiddo, don’t let me down.” He throws a glance at Morgan to see if she’s comfortable with the situation, but Steve has already taken her by her hand, and he’s showing her how to move her wrist to make the throw be successful. She looks back with a resolute face and nods firmly.
Tony shakes his head. “Believe me, I doubt anything about you could be lame.”
It was a late evening when it happened. He was standing on the rooftop of the Avengers’ tower, looking at the night sky and the few stars that were slightly shining in the darkness. He had heard someone approaching him, and when he had turned around he had found Tony standing beside him.
Warm hands on his cold ones; a gentle stroke on his scalp; and Tony can suddenly breathe again.
He shook his head, trying to clear his head from his own thoughts. He not only had to worry about other people's thoughts but his own. He tapped a few keys on the holoscreen, making a call to his favorite lady.
Jet had shaved off all of the beard he had been growing. He tossed the hair in the trash, making sure to brush off the towel he had been using to make sure he did not clog the drain with his hair. He looked at himself in the mirror. He looked like he was 25-26 years old. Yet that number, in his head, felt too young. But he looked it. He tentatively reached out with his mind, tuning into that part of his mind.
"Yeah, well I remember practical things. How to use things, how to deal with situations and stuff like that. Just no names, faces, places and stuff like that. Just personal stuff like that. I figure it will come back given enough time." He said in a cool tone. He let out a curse when Zac suddenly slammed on the breaks at a stop sign. He almost hit the dashboard only to have the seatbelt lock and slammed him backwards. His head smacked hard against the head rest behind him. He cursed colorfully for a moment. Jet shot Zac a dark look, only to find Zac innocently looking out the window. He scowled, not sure what Zac was playing at. Jet felt like this was not an accident.
