The fawn's ears flicked as he turned his hand so his palm was flush with John's. He intertwined their fingers, both sets still sainted with berry juice.
As Fawnlock slid his arm around John, he nuzzled closer to the tall fae. He loved the feeling of being completely wrapped in someone else. There was no push or pull in their relationship, no one was in charge, (despite Fawnlock being adorable bossy) despite their differences, they were equals. John could snuggle up against his mate and didn't feel any less of a man for it. He just felt loved.
Sherlock smiles up at Winston as they get to the car and slips in before Mycroft.
"When you come here to get wood, you'll be able to tell which trees are fine, but be careful... This part of the wood is like hallowed ground, Fae come here when their time is up... This is one of the other places I'm meant to protect." The fawn snorted softly, "My brother at least trusts me with this, there are few hollowed cites for Fae anymore, but these trees are also the only ones safe to use for fire. This wood is blessed by the Fae, most of the fires made from the other trees were used only in ceremonies and such in old times when humans still believed in fae."
"Uh oh." Still smiling, tries to pull back, but fails. "I guess it's my octopus now."
His tail flicked as he pulled away once more, "You must be getting cold, we can go back to the cottage now, if you'd like." He murmured softly, tugging his scarf up a bit to try and cover the blush that was surely showing through his fur.
My my my, my my my, my-my my-my...
John gets his balance and grins, taking Sherlock's hand, feeling safer in the tree by doing so, "Oh wow!" John exclaims, looking out over the tree branches and getting a fantastic view of the Holmes mansion and parts of London.
**EDIT**
Fawnlock had taken another sip, his ears dropped slightly as he listened, but a happy smile broke over his face, brightening his pale eyes. His tail flicked happily and his ears perked up, he took the book from John's hands and gave a happy bleat, "Thank you, John." He repeated, "I would like to come back, your den is interesting, I haven't been in a human den before," he tilted his head slightly, "At least one that's being lived in." He corrected. His eyes dropped to the flush across the human's cheeks, "You do that a lot," his head tilted more, puzzled slightly. "Why?" He asked, not really understanding, Moosecroft'd never taught him much about humans.
John moved closer to Fawnlock, so the album was shared between their laps, and nodded slowly. He knew what it was like to lose your mother and father. And his own relationship was strained with his sibling. But he didn't wish that same sort of pain of the person he loved so much. John nuzzled back at the fawn, pushing a surge of love through the bond to fizzle away the sadness.
"Collected shells, found a dead star fish. I have it at home if you want it." John squeezes Sherlock's hand reminding himself that Sherlock is really there, "How was the rest of you summer?"
Moosecroft himself stood at the entrance of the den, his head held high and haughty and he regarded his sibling. They were similar in several aspects, the light brown hue of their fur, and the dapples darker spots along their bodies. The similarities ended there, with Moosecroft's ruff and hair a dark ginger, and his large sweeping antlers wider and flat before they broke off into points. He didn't sport the wild curls of his brother, now the piercing silvery eyes. He wore a thick cloak that was lined with a downy fur, its woven threads glittering in the fire light as it dragged down across the dusty floor of the den.
"No, I didn't, that's written in my native tongue..." The Fae sat up more to take the scroll written by his brother, reading over it quickly, "So it seems that you can't read what hasn't been written by me, but it's fantastic that you can read anything in Fae at all." He leant forward to press a chaste kiss to the soft spot under his mate's ear.
"What should we name it?  Teacher didn't tell us too, but I think our project needs a name."
"Already?" Mycroft asks, raising his eyebrow. He's not used to Sherlock being ready to leave until closing time.
"Mycroft, Sherlock's older brother." John smiles up at Mycroft before taking Sherlock's hand again when Mycroft leads the way back to the summer house. He liked having a friend he could be close to. The holding hands is just awesome. A friend he could touch and wouldn't get annoyed about it. Honestly, he needed it, it made him feel so much better.
John had taken note of the fawn's interest in the books. Being alive that long and knowing about the existence of humans, surely Fawnlock had learned how to read. He wondered if the man would like to take some of the books home with him; if anything it would give John a good excuse for him to return to the cottage. He nodded with the thanks, flashing the fawn a warm smile as he took his own sip. "You're welcome, of course." He was pleased to see that the fawn seemed to enjoy the tea, only further cementing the fact that he was a wonderful creature. He hummed around the edge of his mug, taking another deep swallow and sighing happily as the liquid warmed him from the inside out. "You're welcome to borrow some if you like." John said softly, pointing to the books Fawnlock has been rifling through. He slid the cup into one hand and reached past the fawn, pulling down a thick, leather bound book from the shelf. He stroked his fingers down the cover lovingly, then held it out to Fawnlock. "You can...umm...come and borrow more. Whenever you like. You're welcome here." He flushed quickly, dipping his head down to hide it. "It's part of your woods after all."
A soft smile curved the Fae's lips, "Thank you John." He took the books as John handed them to him, the familiar rumbling starting deep in his chest. This fawn settled the books on the best before he stood and wrapped his arms around John.
"Here is your second surprise, Sherlock," he hands over the box, watching with a small smile as he waits for Sherlock to open the box. John watches excitedly.
Fawnlock blinked in slight shock as he watched his brother’s form exit the den, the young Fae's ears flicked and his tail twitched slightly as he straightened and started to pad after Moosecroft.
The home had the undeniable mixed scents of John and Fawnlock. The human was tending to their den and it painted a lovely domestic picture that Moosecroft had never thought his brother was capable of obtaining. But he was glad he had. Fawnlock claimed he didn't do well with emotions, but here he had a mate that he loved fiercely.
The fawn gave a soft bleat, still pouting slightly, tail swishing with annoyance. Fawnlock looked through the small smoke hole in the ceiling, looking at the crescent moon in the inky sky, he sighed softly.
Sherlock takes up his tea and sips it to perturb any further attempts at getting him to talk.
"Thank you." The three of them say simultaneously to the security guard, all three wearing ridiculous grins at the compliment.
He tilted his head to the side, as he finished of his toast, "I do eat meat, though not often and not a lot." He reached out for his tea and began to sip, velvet ears flicking. Once he finished he, moved to scoot closer to John, "So you said a bath after breakfast?" He asked, putting the cup by the plate to wrap his arms around his mate, a soft curious smile playing over his lips.
Once he had a decent handful, he brought them back to the fawn, setting them out before him. "Work your magic, love." Fawnlock tilted his head slightly, his ears flicking as he frowned slightly.
Sherlock snickers softly, "It's okay, Myc, I approve," he gives a small smirk, "but I will beat him up terribly if he harms you." He says dead serious.
"Hungry Johnny?" Mrs. Watson asks, knowing her son well- she did birth and raise him.
"You're amazing...oh God, I love you, Fawnlock." He hummed, slinking his hands up the length of his love's back to delve into the nest of curls and hold him there with their mouths just inches apart and breathing into each other.
"Harry, Sherlock is staying for dinner so we can study. We'll be in my room."  He closes the door after Sherlock enters and tries to usher him down the hall.
John's own breathing was short, his lungs burning as he tried to gulp down mouthfuls of air rather inelegantly. A flush burned on his own cheeks, and he could only dumbly nod in response. Yes, home would be good. No more stalling or stealing berry stained kisses. No more pretense for pets and nuzzles when he had no reason for them. Truth was, he was feeling very warm and he knew exactly what the cause of it was.
Sherlock's brows furrow as he picks up another piece and examines it closely by turning it over in his hands as he thinks.
"I love you too, John." Fawnlock turned his head to nuzzle John, damp nose sliding across his jaw, snuffling quietly.
John blushes at all the compliments Sherlock is dishing out, making him smile sheepishly and his ocean blue eyes shine with appreciation. When that hand is offered to him, John reaches out and takes it, gripping it tightly, "Thank you, Sherlock. You're the best friend I've ever had."
Sherlock pouts as he pulls a notebook out of his pack, then a paperback novel, and a pen. He settles everything on his desk as he stares at the teacher, immediately deeming him annoying and useless, opening the paperback on his lap, peering at it steadily. He already read the text for the subject the teacher was prattling about, he didn't need to listen. Lips pursed, he continues reading throughout the time allotted for the one subject and even when the teacher announces that it was time for a break, and reminded everyone who needed to use the loo or get a drink to sign out and wait their turn fairly.
John was eager to learn more about the man he'd chosen to love. Everything about Fawnlock fascinated him. He hummed happily as his mate got more animated and pushed forwards to steal kiss after kiss, covering John's face in them as a swell of happiness so thick washed over him, he wondered if he was feeling it through their bond. He felt slightly heady from the barrage of kisses, planted on every inch of skin from his over excited mate. He chuckled and held on for the ride, grounding himself beneath the assault by holding onto the fawn's narrow hips.
John hummed happily as the fingers splayed over his back, his own hand returning the favor by stroking across the fawn's scalp, curving around his ear and scratching gently. The fawn hummed softly as John ran his fingers through his curls, leaning into his hands as he scratched behind his ear.
"Yes, where should we set it up? " he asks as he pulls the telescope from the closet.
John smiles at Sherlock, happy that he'd been called his friend. He wants to hug him, but refrains.
This class already seems BORING, Sherlock sighs softly, none of the other children seemed interesting, they were all idiots, he could tell. So after an initial look over the room, (he wasn't paying much attention) he had turned to his book. The teacher was an idiot too, boring and his sad attempts to make the class fun and interesting were a tad pitiful.
"Thanks, I'll try anything. I'm John." The small nine-year-old greets.
"Yeah!" Sherlock agrees, glad his best friend just always understood - always knew.
"Pirates!? That would be fun! We can search for buried treasure, wear pirate hats and eye patches! Argh!" John laughs and refocuses on scrubbing under his finger nails.
"Oh this? yeah. Birthday present from my mum this year." He looks back at Sherlock and realizes he has something behind his back. "Whats that you've got there?" He tries to sneak peek, but Sherlock shields his view.
"Sherlock..."
"I have to... if they ever get home... usually it’s just me and Harry - mum has plenty of emergencies at work. Dad travels for work... Never home really. Not often at least when I need them." He sighs and puts his brave face on. They need to get that other bottle.
The group carefully crosses the street and enters the cafe. Sherlock immediately chooses a window seat where John can sit next to him. The younger boy kicks his feet slightly as everyone else sits, eyes on his friend.
"Humans are even stupider agreed when they are scared." John sighed, hopping over a creek that he recognized. They were close to the cottage, and he picked up the pace. However, at the same thought, he stumbled and slowed, realizing that it meant Fawnlock would be done with his task, and leave. John frowned and looked back at the other, chewing on his lip. "Umm...can I make you dinner or something? To thank you for taking me home?" He looked up at the fawn hopefully.
As the fawn reached his shoulder, John felt the moment of hesitation, and knew the reason for it, leaning back and staring up at Fawnlock. The wound was healed over, but still was angry and red, marring the skin just below the curve of his shoulder. The back was scarred as well, a starburst pattern where the bullet had exploded as it exited his body, leaving hot shrapnel to burn the skin. John's opposite hand stroked the fae's back, trying to take his attention from the ugly scar.
Mycroft does nothing to hide the smile on his face. He absolutely loved when Sherlock would be so excited like this. Like a regular child, "I'm here Winston, you can start the fire now." Mycroft says as he settles between Sherlock and Winston.The butler nods and adds a bit of lighting fluid to the pile of wood and strikes a match, tossing it into the pit.
Fawnlock let out another whimper as his mate began to stroke his velvety hip, he gasped slightly at the feel of John nosing at the thick curls at his groin. The Fae bleated softly as he felt his mate's lips pressing softly to his heated and very interested prick.
The fawn bleated happily and nosed at John's jaw, "I'd love that, I'd have to keep my more dangerous experiments at my old lab, but if my lab was closer, and I got bored after a while, I'd be able to get back to you quicker." His chest vibrated with his pleasant rumble as he snuggled closer to John, "it'd be lovely John." He murmured, ears flicking and his tail twitching.
Sherlock gives a huffed laugh, accepting John's spontaneous hug. He wraps his arms around his friend, a smile tugging on his lips. "You're welcome, John."  His gaze flicks to his brother's, eyes sparkling with appreciation.
With a smile to his most precious patient, John hummed and lifted his hand up to cup Fawnlock's cheek, rubbing it fondly.
"You're welcome Captain." John leans his head against Sherlock, staring at the sky with him. Until Winston calls the three of them in for dinner.
John had been curled up in their nest, thumbing through a book while he waited for Fawnlock to return from the gate. The hour came and went, and he was steadily growing more nervous. Eventually he heard the noise of stumbling feet outside in the garden, and then after that, the bleat that was most definitely his mate, and definitely one of pain.
John passes the plant to Sherlock so he can unlock his apartment door and is greeted by the site of his older sister drinking from a bottle her cheeks rosy and her posture unsteady as she stumbles through the foyer to the kitchen.  John frowns, why does she keep doing this?
Mycroft blushes but relishes in the touch. Greg is a gentleman.
"John. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance."
When the fae returned, and stretched the parchment out, John concentrated, watching him write out the letters and searching for that switch that seemed to have manifested in his mind. He could see the glyphs properly now, spelling out his name in the fae language. He could still read them smoothly though, and smiled broadly, accepting the bit of graphite and wrote out his name, less elegantly, but that seemed to be the usual fate of doctors to have hardly legible handwriting.
Kneeling down on the bank, he watched the fawn bathe, John chuckled and brushed back the damp curls, leaning in and pressing a kiss to the center of his forehead, to which the Fawn gave a soft bleat at, leaning forward slightly.
A lovely morning in the wood together.
"Though cutting down the unsuitable trees can leave room for more trees that may be suitable homes." He hummed softly, tail flicking slightly, ears twitching.
John felt the fawn nuzzle at the side of his head and closed his eyes, sighing into the press of cheek and nose skimming over his hair. It'd been a long while since anyone had been this close with him, since he'd allowed anyone to get this close to him. Not even his sister Harry , who wasn't much of the hugging or caring type. The fawn's hands on his shoulders surprisingly didn't even hurt. All too soon, Fawnlock was pulling back though, starring off through the window. John looked at him curiously, but when he explained himself, he nodded with a faint smile. "I understand. I'll see you tomorrow?" He released Fawnlock and stood, then held out his hand to help his new friend up off the floor. "I'll look forwards to spending more time with you."
John grinned happily as the fawn murmured his name and nuzzled against him. He wasn't clear either on what a courtship entailed for a fae, but it really didn't sound like it was that much far off from what he knew. With that worry shoved behind him now, he shifted onto his back and drew the fawn on top of him, covering his face in lazy kisses. His hands ran back down to knead against Fawnlock's back, feeling the soft fur beneath his fingertips. "Fawnlock, my Fawnlock," he sighed happily, holding him close while being mindful of his antlers. "You've made me  a very happy man." The fawn quirked a soft smile, bracing a dark hand on each of John's shoulders gently. He nuzzled into the human's neck, snuffling slightly as he basked in John's scent and his kisses. He huffed softly, placing a soft kiss on John's neck. His back arched into John's hands, the rumbling in his chest starting up once more and growing louder than before. That rumbling purr was the most wonderful sound he'd ever heard, and he stared up at Fawnlock, his dark hair and antlers haloed in a golden light from the fire. He stroked up and down the length of the fawn's back to coax more of those rumbles out, tilting his head back to give Fawnlock more room to nuzzle as he saw fit.
The Fae's ears twitch slightly as he picks up his tea and lifts it to his lips once more, his gaze locked with John's as he nodded to both the human's questions. "Yes, those who don't leave this wood before the last hour before winter are to dwell in this wood till the first day of spring. Unless they'd rather leave my wood by foot and not magic, though that can be dangerous for any Fae. Usually it's just Mrs. Hudson, some lesser Fae and I, though some years other Fae decide to stay, it's peaceful here during the cold. Still, and quiet, save the owls." His eyes drift back to the window, gaze tracking a falling leaf. At John's last question, the fawn's ears drop slightly and his eyes darken slightly, "As guardian of this wood, it is my duty to gaurd the gate during the witching hour, as at all times and make sure no," his gaze flicks back to John, "...Unsavory things get through the veil. The gate and I are connected, that's how I know when the hour is near, it calls to me and sings in my veins, calling me back.I can tell when things are coming through the gate as well, the gate's most vulnerable at the witching hour due to the amount of glamour flowing through, so it requires extra strength from me. " He puts his cup down in favor of running his fingers over the scarf.
"I never really got modern art." He sighs softly, pouting a bit. The taller boy looks to his friend skeptically, "How about you, John?"
"Well, I'm finished... it's not dark out yet, do you want to do something first?"
John listened to the fawn as he held him, tilting his head up a bit to give him plenty of space to snuffle and scent. He stiffened at the mention of Fawnlock's brother sending potential mates in the forest for the fae. His heart dropped for a moment; they would no doubt be gorgeous and powerful, and able to give the fawn far more than John could offer in his little cottage and ordinary company.
The fawn's speckled fingertips stroked over the spines and scroll edges, finally he bleated when he found what he'd been searching for and took several thick books and several scrolls into his tawny arms.
John beamed at the eldest fae, thanking her for teaching him to bake Fawnlock's favorite recipe. It surely would come in handy when the fawn was having a sulk. He said his goodbyes as well, then took the bundle from Fawnlock so they wouldn't all be gobbled down before they reached their home.
"Y-yes?"  He asks while stuttering, nerves wracking his system.
There is a soft knock at the door, Mycroft standing in the door way where he enters after a moment and raises his eyebrows at Sherlock sitting in John's lap, hugging him tightly.
John finds himself still holding Greg's hand, clutching Sherlock's fingers until they reach the library and sit in their own area.
Fawnlock smiled as John recuperated the nose rub, tail swishing under the warm water. The fawn wriggled slightly in his mate's lap as John's fingers gently rubbed his thighs.
John headed upstairs and quickly washed up in the loo, not bothering to shave in his hurry. He grabbed the first things he found on his wardrobe, pulling on worn jeans and a cardigan over his sleep shirt. Combing his fingers through his hair to tame what cowlicks he could, then headed back downstairs to rejoin his mate. Fawnlock was in his 'intense thinking' pose, which worried John a bit, he surely was very concerned about his violin being left behind.
"Everything is more beautiful in the spring, and I'm sure you're no different. My gorgeous Fawnlock, with your ruff and antlers shed, blooming with new life just like your woods." John hummed happily and laid his head against the mounded pillows of their nest so he could stare at his mate. "I can't wait to spend every season with you."
The fawn feared that John would be scared of him. That he would somehow scare John away by revealing parts of his personality that others had reacted badly to. John's gaze dropped down to his knees, past them to the nest of blankets and cushions that they had built together earlier that day. That they had rolled in and loved each other in.
The fawn chuckled softly as John's words, "I'm well aware John," he added a word from his own language after his mate's name, a word that meant my love. "And I'd do anything for you as well." The fawn smiled softly, his cupid bow lips curling as his tail swished.
Oh how he would have loved to lay here indefinitely under the timid touch of fingers, but he knew he would last long after all that.
Right in the moment this order's tall."
"I'll teach you more, like how quilts are nice and plush, the best to use for a top layer, or how knitted blankets are best to use next after a base layer." Fawnlock's eyes brightened slightly, ears flicking.
"I'm the lucky one. I'm just an ordinary army doctor. You are the brilliant one." He swept his thumb over a high cheekbone. "You are so precious to me. I love you." He leaned down and kissed the fawn softly, then moved back to gather up more gauze to clean the side of his head, pushing back the blood matted curls. Fawnlock smiled a soft, small smile, blushing lightly at John's praise. He bleated softly, leaning up into John's kiss.
The Fae whimpered softly as he cuddled close to John, ears flicking against John's fingers. Fawnlock panted softly, nosing at John's shoulder with his damp nose. After a few moments the fawn's breathing calmed, and he snuggled closer to his mate, gazing up at him with still blown eyes.
The Fae's blush stayed deep as he slid his damp nose over John's shoulder, attempting to hide his slight embarrassment, "I felt a bit disappointed when you cleaned me up, I-I like having your scent all over me. I like it being obvious by scent that I'm yours." The fawn explained softly, nose buried once more in the crease of John's shoulder.
The Fae pulled away once more, eyes a bit brighter, "I'll go to him tonight after the witching hour, invite him to the wood to meet you." He gave a soft smile before his brows furrowed once more, "But I'd like you to stay with Mrs. Hudson while I'm gone, it won't be all too safe with me gone and who knows what could take advantage of that." The Fae huffed softly, rubbing his nose against John's.
John would have loved to lay there in the mess they'd made together till they became obnoxiously sticky. But he didn't want to get Fawnlock's wounds dirty, especially when they were still fairly fresh. John was probably pushing it by being intimate while he was hurt, but the Fawn seemed to fair well with the anti-inflammatory pain killers John had given him.
"I'm not much of a cook...but I like making things for you. I don't know if there is such a thing as fae recipes, but I'd be happy to try those as well, if you have any favorites."
John watches as Mycroft looks down at them affectionately and then a new emotion glances his face when Mycroft looks to Mrs. Watson who shares the same one.
Sherlock looks up to his brother before nodding vigorously, "Yes, for mummy." He assures him. Sherlock leans into his brother for comfort that he rarely seeks. Typically only when he's in a bad way.
Of course he understood what John was saying, but he still felt uneasy with the memories of Mousey swirling through his mind, stirred up from where he'd locked them away.
"That I'm yours." He murmured softly against Fawnlock's mouth, leaning back and flashing him a smile.
Mycroft secretly watches from the door, watching his baby brother generously share his favorite feathered plume with his new friend. Wow, he must really like John if he's sharing that with him.
This creature was ancient and magnificent and had seen things John could only dream of. Yet here he was, tilting down to kiss and pet John, and making him feel like he was no older than a breathless teen, smitten by first love. John could only nod and watch as the fae padded off, straining to see the last flick of his white tail before the darkness consumed him.
When the two adults and his big brother arrive he flashes them a bright smile.
As his mate then pushed him down into their unfinished nest, the Fae took a deep breath, his curiosity causing him to be still at his mate's promise. The rumbling deepened as John trailed kisses over the fawn's torso, the fawn tracking John's progress with curious dark, half lidded eyes.
As the scent of the soup got stronger, the Fae looked up to spot his mate approaching with a tray of soup and bread, a smile curled his lips slightly as he quickly sat up, feet tucked under his bum, tail swishing in excited anticipation. As John got closer, the fawn scooted over to make room for him, smiling happily.
"Oh you little minx...I'll get you for that." He sent another, smaller pillow sailing over at the fawn's head, then dove to tackle him, gently of course, rolling around with him in the partially finished nest. He pinned him down by sitting on his rump, stretching up to run tickling fingers up his mate's sides with a chuckle. "Think you can get one up on John Watson? I'll have you know I'm a master pillow fighter."
Sherlock nods and scoots off the bed, "Okay, now help me set this up," he drags his desk chair over across from one of his bed's posts before dragging a stool over to the other post.
"There we are...all warm and toasty."
John’s hands untangled from the mop of curls to skim down Fawnlock's back, this time only bypassing that enticing puff of a tail to curve over his bum, fingers needing into the sleek muscle as he pushed the fae down against him and rolled his hips in a slow grind, unrelenting in his pursuit of that lovely friction.
"This way, brother," he called softly, taking his mate's hand in his dark one, speckled thumb rubbing over John's knuckles as they all walked down the forest path, owls flying overhead as their silent, shadowy escorts back home.
John leaned down and pressed a kiss on his crown of curls, right between his spreading antlers.
"You're equally important to me John, you're part of my herd, my wood, and my heart." He bleated softly after he mumbled this, speckled fingers curling against his love's back.
Finally, John felt an excited little spark when the fawn had found the right tome. When Fawnlock returned and dumped the pile of books beside him. He looked on curiously, then made a surprised chirp as the album was pushed into his lap. John opened the book and looked at the first page, which was a wonderfully rendered picture of the entire family, presumable soon after Fawnlock had been born.
It should have been impossible for John's eyes to grow any wider, but when the deer man answered him, they did, a small noise of surprise hitching in the back of his throat. He hadn't really been expecting it to speak, let alone speak English. Let alone be sassy. A hint of a smile twitched the corner of his mouth, and he slowly, carefully moved to pull off his haversack, opening it and pushing through it to find his first aid kit. Though he no longer was a practicing doctor, it was hard to break the habit of bringing a kit with him on these little travels. He set the case down before him and watched the strange man, most importantly, gauging the bite he'd earned on John's behalf. "Let me patch it up for you..I have some gauze and antiseptic." He paused, realizing the creature might not understand what those were. "Umm..bandages...healing ointment."
John was the one to huff now, dragging his hands up to bury in the fawn's hair. "I'll have you to keep me warm." He liked the idea of having Fawnlock staying with him in the cottage however. The feather bed was soft and had lots of pillows, and he was sure the fae would enjoy it. In fact, with all the bookshelves in the bedroom, he was sure the fawn would /love/ it, or maybe they'd make a nest. They could spend the winter together, and Fawnlock wouldn't have to worry about getting snowed in. As the fae leaned in and kissed his jaw, John hummed, carding his fingers lazily through the dark curls. "Distracted? How could that be? What could possibly distract you?" He teased, turning his head just enough to catch Fawnlock's mouth in a proper kiss.
"Alright, I'll take care of Harriet. Order your take away and do your homework. Love you sweety."  His mother hangs up and John stares at the phone before setting it down. Suddenly he isn't hungry anymore.
"Of course I do..." He mutters.
The fawn finished his rounds, and moved his being to his den to see if John had been their yet. He found his mate still there and a smile graced his Cupid bow lips.
He knew he could absurd sometimes, asking John to grab something that was in his pocket for him or a pencil that's just fallen by his foot but he didn't want to get himself.
The Fae bleated softly, looking back to John, setting the tray down on a more flat part of the nest before he carefully leant forward to wrap his lanky arms around his mate, nuzzling his shoulder contently, "You are the best, most kindest mate, in the history of mates, John." He bleated again as he pulled away, ears flicking as he carefully took up a bowl of soup in his hands, sniffing softly.
John hummed and brought his mate down against his chest, nuzzling at his temple as a hand moved to gentle the edge of one ear which furiously flicked back and forth.
He brought the hand up to his lips and pressed a kiss to the fawn's knuckles, then moved over to the edge of the nest to find his clothes and start pulling them back on. Save for his jumper. He went instead to his rucksack, pulling out the jumper that Mrs. Hudson had made for him. He tugged it on over his head and smoothed his hair back in place, then looked over at his mate with a smile.
“Well, I did both,” John said irritably. “I wasn’t going to just sit around and expect your brother to fix everything. He’s done a lot but I don’t totally trust him.”
He lets the question hang there, anxiously and it makes John want to cry. He can’t take it anymore, he grabs Sherlock's large, elegant hands and put them to his lips.
? I swear if you weren’t in such a bad way I’d give you a pummeling myself! Affected!” There were tears in his eyes now, and he didn’t care. Three months of pent up grief and anger and confusion and relief were going to make their way out whether he wanted them to or not.
Sherlock becomes aware that even if his mind is far too wound up and cluttered to contemplate John’s proposition, his body is most certainly listening and is enthusiastically in favour of the idea. Sometimes, it is best to listen to one’s urges.
be fine. And he'll be round, I'll see to it."
“Fine,” Sherlock agrees grumpily. “The fascination is… that… she is… me…”
John starts running after the man’s trail, which leads into the mess of briars and saplings that have taken over most of what used to be grass. It’s pouring, he can barely see anything between the rain and the uncanny darkness, except for brief flashes of lightning and the accompanying thunder, so loud and near that John thinks they could easily be struck at any moment. But the man has slipped in the mud a lot so John still manages to follow, as does Sherlock, close on John’s heels but limping. They tear through the undergrowth as the wind and rain whip around them, and it seems they are gaining on him but it’s hard to be certain.
Sherlock follows, unwilling to let go of his bone. “Is that what you want, John?” he challenges. “Some sweet young brunette to come home to, to tell you all your sins are forgiven no matter how foolish or reprehensible you’ve been?”
When a very-much-alive Irene Adler herself steps out of the shadows before him, fury and relief surge so powerfully within him that they almost cancel each other out.
“What on earth are you possibly stealing that could be worth all this?” John demands. “This is a paper factory for God’s sake. What, they make cocaine on the side?”
“Not really. I’ve never had something like that, I’m not sure I can ever really understand it. But I can understand what it means to you. And I understand what a fool I was to think that you would let her come between us. I’m sorry.”
“Now can I tell you what you look like?” Sherlock asks.
to me.”
Mary pretends to be asleep when he slips back into bed and he pretends to believe her. He's grateful that she doesn't question his night time excursion, although she teases him mercilessly once they're both up. Especially when she catches him shaving off his moustache. And sharing the link to his old blog with her had definitely been a mistake.
Carefully, he went through the timeline again. He stopped on his first unwitting meeting with Moriarty, in the lab at the hospital. He cursed himself. He had been so
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
“Shut up,” Sherlock mutters fiercely, and is disappointed to receive no answer.
The behemoth of a man peers into the back. “Tommy, you playing wi’ us? Get serious, we need to get out of here and done!”
Sherlock was not returned to his restraints, but any further entry into the cell was made by a pair of armed guards who warned him well away from the door prior to opening it and did not venture further in than was necessary to place food or water inside the cell. He did not eat, although he did drink tea when it was provided. This was not an act of protest so much as conformation to his habit of not eating while working. He considered himself to be very much still on the job.
“I’ve been administering it for him for years, ever since the incidents of his youth.”
“Nothing’s broken,” he tells himself. “You’re fine. Get up. Nothing’s broken.”
John is released the next day. He takes a taxi home, as Sherlock is still at large and he doesn't want to disturb Mrs. Hudson. He can hear the sounds of the violin from their flat when he walks in the front door, and it enrages him. He darts up the stairs, quick as his injury will allow, and bursts through the door.
“And if someone had killed me. Would you have left them alive?” They are close now, so close John can feel Sherlock’s breath on his forehead.
“John…”
After another long stretch Sherlock says, “I was weak. And I am…ashamed of my weakness. But I don’t regret it. I… I don’t want you to think that I do. There’s no one else that I…no one I’ve ever been able to trust enough. No one I wanted enough to give in for.”
“I know you are,” John tells him, even though it doesn’t always feel that way. He runs his lips over the inside of Sherlock’s arm by way of apology. “I know. Just…this case… it feels wrong. Can you at least promise you’ll be cautious on this one? Please.”
“Bugger,” John muttered, scrambling to his feet, and winced as he heard the sound of a bow being drawn roughly over violin strings, eliciting protests from the delicate instrument. He couldn’t leave it like this. He went to Sherlock’s door and knocked. No response other than increasingly tortured screeching from the violin.
she said grudgingly. “
“Let’s just assume I always have a weapon, darling.”
about you! So upfront. So
, Sherlock?” John’s voice isn’t angry, but there’s just enough of an edge to it to tell Sherlock that his friend is not finding his lack of ability to communicate charming right now.
"Why? Haven't you seen how he looks at you? He worships you."
He isn’t ashamed of anything, far from it – he’s incredibly proud to be with  Sherlock. But it’s sort of nice having it to himself, not having to answer questions. Obviously people were going to figure it out sooner or later and, in addition to Greg, more than a few already had by the looks they’d gotten at the crime scene. He doesn’t mind, but he’s happy to keep it out of conversation as long as possible, which works so long he pretends he doesn’t know that they know.
John obeys and feels the change immediately, the smoothing of the rough edges of his steps as they twirl and spin, tails pinwheeling behind them. He feels caught up in an enchantment, like none of this is real, like they exist alone in a private bubble and everyone else is just decoration. He suddenly feels a little lightheaded and misses a step. Sherlock pulls him a bit closer, arm like iron around him, holding him up.
She nodded warily.
John stares at it, confused, for a moment. Then it dawns on him. This must have been from one of Sherlock’s trips, his note on where he’d gone in case things went wrong. How he’d expected John to find it in a box he hadn’t gone through in several years, John has no idea, but it is rather consistent with Sherlock’s thought process. But which trip had this been? He’s only been gone a few times in the past year, since their agreement has been in force.
Sherlock is breathing heavily, aware that there is a space between them again, unsure if the anger and hurt is about to return, if this was a renewal of closeness or a goodbye, not wanting to ask. Both men are awkward, feeling they have just shared more than they intended, uncertain what it means. Finally, Sherlock finds the courage to say, “John? Can I…may I…hold you?”
It’s immediately apparent that it contains, if not everything he needs to complete his task, then more than enough to get started. Bank details, of payments, of accounts and holdings that Moriarty had used to control his vast and convoluted network of paid spies and killers tasked with following his directives long after his demise. And the less-than-innocuous roster of a ship making port in Turkey in three days’ time.
It’s a sharp November night, full moon out, and his breath turns to a cloud in the air. John approaches Sherlock with studied nonchalance, trying to hide his awkwardness. “I suppose you ride, too.”
Sherlock smiles triumphantly, a real smile this time, and pushes John towards the police cars waiting outside.
that! You surround yourself with the common, but you’re not one of them. Not any more than I am. How can you stand it? The stinking
“I didn’t do it for your gratitude, or the Crown’s,” Sherlock replied tersely.
For just a moment Moriarty looks nonplussed. Then he smiles as if he's just been told a joke only he understands. "What if I promise you that John Watson will suffer. Will die. Will know you for a thousand times betrayer before he dies. Will you rot with me then?"
“Yes, but am I wrong?”
Molly tries to stall his progress at the door. “John, please don’t, it’ll just make it worse,” she cries, blocking his way.
"Yeah," admits Greg. "Yeah. It makes sense. And I'll see that the laptop gets to the right people. Not much I can do with it myself, but maybe, one day..."
“That’s not the point. You’re not a vigilante, you’re a consulting detective, so start acting like one! You can’t just kill someone for threatening me.” John’s voice is loud, angry, and scared. Sherlock forces himself not to cringe away from it.
"You hopeless romantic, you,” John murmured, as he bent down to kiss him. There was nothing chaste about it this time, and Sherlock lit up as if the sun had been turned on inside his soul. He jumped to his feet and dragged John with him.
“Of course,” replies John, as if he’d never doubted it. “Don’t be an idiot.”
out of jail, I’m not a superhero. A sample of the drug from Baskerville. You
SO IT'S JUST ME, NOTHING ELSE?
John scratched his head. “Well, I didn’t really. They nabbed me almost the moment I got off that horrific little plane at Ivalo. Lucky for me they apparently weren’t his best guys – they underestimated the dosage they needed to keep me under and I woke up in the back of the truck halfway here. There were only two guys and neither was paying a lot of attention to me. It didn’t take long to get a weapon away from them and hijack the truck. In fact, it worked out rather brilliantly. I never would have got into this compound without their passkeys. It was pretty easy to ambush the rest of the guards once I was inside.”
John gazed at him with concern. “Of course I’ll stay,” he said quietly. “It’s never even been a question, has it?”
” and bore an emerald green coat of arms with gold engraving showing a lion and a badger clashing over a Croatian flag. The words and symbol matched the packaging of the cigarettes peeking over the top of Moran’s breast pocket in the photo. Not a common brand, John knew, and in fact had discovered that they were made in the city, in this little shop, and not exported commercially. There were pictures of Moran with the same cigarettes in pictures spanning nearly 15 years.
“Of course, John!” Sherlock claps him on the back, fondly, in his usual state of euphoria after a success. He’s always like this when he’s solved something, and it’s only heightened by the accompanying late-night chase and brush with death. John feels it too, but is too staid to show it more than a little. Besides, someone has to keep Sherlock’s ego in check.
“Pitiable,” Sherlock comments, as they watch the reunion between the young lawyer and his pretty wife. She has thrown her arms around him and is weeping, murmuring in his ear as he strokes her hair.
John nods. “I think you’d better tell me. I ought to know if I can function as an alternative light source. Handy in emergencies, I should think.”
Victor is horrified and empathetic, but John can't bring himself to accept Victor's assurances of his own blamelessness. Comforting words wash over him like white noise, and he extricates himself as quickly as possible. He refuses the offer of a car all the way back to London, opting for the train, and bids Victor goodbye with a warning not share the information he's learned with anyone.
Sherlock tried not to gape at him, both stunned and pleased at John’s burst of affection. Somehow that one little act spoke as deeply to how much they meant to each other as their whole life together, as John’s grief at his death and the words he had spoken after it, as the dangerous journey here to rescue him. And he realised the best thing he could do for John was to pretend it hadn’t happened, at least for now.
“Damn reason! I can’t go through that again. I’m going where you’re going.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, he’s standing stiff in the moonlight, his face practically twitching in anger.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch upwards, but then his expression grows serious and he frowns. “You’re not going to wear the jumper, are you?” Sherlock demands.
When John first felt Sherlock move inside him, he was completely undone. He had never experienced anything like it before and almost couldn’t process the sensation. Sherlock was so warm, so very warm, filling John so completely that John thought he might dissolve away happily into dust, then and there. Sherlock’s hands, one of his shoulder, one on his hipbone, burned on his skin and he pressed himself back into his friend, wanting to feel every centimetre. He felt whole in a way he never had before. He didn’t want it to end, though the release when it did, Sherlock’s hand wrapped around him, shuddering to a stop deep within him, was exquisite.
The attitude of his companion changes instantly, pulling away from the carefully calculated camaraderie of those in customer service and looking him up and down with a critical eye.
“No.”
not fine, Sherlock.”
John put his paper down and peered at him, concerned. “Sherlock?”
Two of the men are nothing more than thugs. The third is obviously in some kind of position of authority in comparison, but not highly placed in the organisation. Sherlock focuses on him first. He’s youngish but has some battle-scars and stands with an air that suggests formal military training. He’s new to responsibility and not one hundred percent sure of the loyalty of the other two men to him personally.
any more bodies either – I can’t help you once you’re out of the U.K.”
, Austria’s largest and most secure bank, still without either a box number or access code. It was a sunny day, but even colder than in Zagreb, the kind of bitter and biting cold that was not hindered at all by his thickest jumper and a leather jacket. Never mind that his only trousers were jeans. Not to put too fine a point on things, but he was freezing his bollocks off.
“What was that?”
Sherlock scales the steps, fumbles for his key, and is up the hall stairs like a shot, all but tumbling into the safety of the flat. "John! John!" he yells, bursting through the door and scanning with useless eyes. No flash of light. No John.
He pulls John to him and they sink to the pillows together, wrapped up in each other at last. Sherlock can feel John’s silent sobs begin to shake him, and to his amazement discovers his own cheek is wet as well. They hold each other a long time, faces buried in the curve of necks, not speaking, waiting for the overwhelming pain and relief to ebb enough to move, to think.
"Then work different," John tells him with steel in his voice. "Or don't, and live with the fact that I'm not always going to do what you want me to do."
The seconds tick by like hours before he feels a hand in his hair, a finger tracing the line of his ear, and then suddenly John's face is next to his own, almost brushing his cheek.
Sherlock puts his arms down. This is how it ends, one way or another, his life in John Watson's blazing, shining, electric hands. He doesn't know much right now, but he knows he could hardly want it to be any other way.
“So, asking me to dance at Mycroft’s party…”
“The ID badge…” Sherlock mulls, when he’s done.
Sherlock is unamused and slips into the crowd without a word. He works his way silently to the other side of the dance floor, carefully watching a much-decorated older man talking in a group near his brother. He goes over, introduces himself and speaks to the man briefly, emerging from the conversation with a smug smile. He glances back and spots John engaged in conversation with several women, one quite a bit older than him, all wearing off the shoulder dresses and laughing – laughing! – at something he is saying.
It takes John a few moments to decipher the reason for Sherlock’s sudden insistence that he has no need to leave the house, or even the bedroom. Because the man couldn’t possibly just be simple and straightforward and say something on the order of, “John, I plan to spend the next few days in bed and I would like you stay with me for company and cuddling and possibly quite a lot of sex.”
SHERLOCK? SHERLOCK CAN YOU UNDERSTAND THIS?
She gave a private little smile.
Sherlock maintains eye contact stubbornly, licks his lips just once, and replies very carefully and with only the slightest hesitation to betray the fact that the decision took any thought at all, “Check what, John?”
Home. John says it without thinking, then regrets it. Technically, Sherlock is home. What a home life this must have been, too, so privileged. And yet Sherlock has done his best to disassociate himself with nearly every aspect of it.
Although the man looks unconvinced, he doesn’t become more hostile. Sherlock can tell he’s considering that Sherlock might be telling the truth but is wary of making a mistake.
It’s barely a tick past noon when they hear the bell and the sound of Mrs. Hudson letting in their guest. A short, nervous-looking man with a shock of the reddest hair John has ever seen enters, hyperventilating. Before John can even stand to greet him or offer him some water he bursts out in a rush of words, “Oh, thank God! I think someone is planning to kill me!” and collapses in a heap on their sitting room floor.
"John. I love you. But ever since I've met you, you've always been sad. Even when you were laughing, even when we were on holiday, even when everything was fine. You were still sad. I could see it, just there."  She touches the outside corner of his left eye, lightly. "But you're not sad now. You haven't been since last night. You've been hurt and confused and a little homicidal. But not sad. So yes, I'm pulling for him because I prefer to never see you look that way again. Okay?"
“I know you’re pacing, that’s what woke me up. But can’t you think downstairs? I’m used to you keeping the hours of an alley cat, but must you do it right outside my door?” John sighed. He was too tired for this.
To his credit, Victor neither laughs at him or tries to dissuade him, although John can see he's less than convinced. "What can I do to help you? Aside from providing a plausible reason for you to be out of sight for a while."
John is still asleep when he gets there. Thankfully. He could never explain where's he's been. John must never know.
John slams the door to the flat behind him and Sherlock slumps back in the chair and closes his eyes.
John grins. "One thing I don't understand, though. This whole set-up, infiltrating the Ginger Club, multiple people working for months... It seems like a lot of trouble for a single heist. How valuable can a one shipment of anything be?"
“You were testing me!” Sherlock collapsed back onto the floor, a tad more dramatically than necessary
At last John stands, with difficulty, and says bitterly, "Don't. Don't you
“Not at all. John…” Mycroft looked uncomfortable again. “I want you to know that I….appreciate…what you’ve done for my brother. All of it. I know your relationship is…complicated, but I’ve truly come to think of you as part of the family.”
He closed his computer and rolled his jacket up behind his head. Despite being incredibly wired from the night’s events and the range of feelings he was suppressing, he had a soldier’s talent for being able to grab shut-eye in the most stressful and disturbing situations. In fact, he was much more likely to be able to rest when he had a mission in mind than when all was calm and he was at home. He closed his eyes, listening to the steady rhythm of the train speeding smoothly beneath the Atlantic, and fell instantly asleep.
“I don’t know, Sherlock, I don’t think it works that way. You don’t just stop caring for someone, even if they don’t want you.”
“Well?” she demands. “I assume you’re not going through all this just to kill me, and you already have all the information I had.”
When he is laid out on top of his friend, listening to his heartbeat and stroking his hair, John is overcome with amazement that he is allowed to do even these simple things – touch, kiss, hold – to a man who has always seemed so untouchable in every way.  Sherlock says he wants everything, and John knows he’s not just talking of the things they can do with and to each other. He wants every last thing John has and is, and he’s not promising he’ll give anything back.
He makes a furtive move to his coat, suggesting he's armed.
“So that’s why you came back? My brother told you a tale of woe so you would feel guilt and pity and run home?”
John uses the time to recall some of the more pleasurable of many exceedingly pleasurable moments they have enjoyed over the past thirty-six hours.
The last time they touch, they are handcuffed together. John cracks a joke. Briefly, there is laughter, the familiar rush of adrenaline, and Sherlock is his again, just for a moment. Even then, John is still sure he will find a way out for them, that everything will be fine.
Sherlock jumps up from the bed, shrugging off John’s touch. “Nothing happened. It’s just too much of a distraction. I knew it would be. I should have stopped it a long time ago, should have never started it, but I was weak. How am I supposed to focus on my work when I’m constantly thinking about…this? It can’t go on. It was a mistake.”
“That’s the trouble. You were off fighting and searching and being
“Yes. No. I don’t know.” Sherlock is breathing too fast, unable to put it in to words, nervous that John will end up mad at him again.
He couldn’t think. His brain was too hot. He couldn’t remember when he’d slept last. He stumbled to the bookcase, searching for the right volume. His vision was blurry. There it was. Edgar Allen Poe. He pulled the book halfway off the shelf and then jumped up and down three times in front of the bookcase. A small compartment opened seamlessly from the shelf below the selected book. Sherlock smiled to himself. John hadn’t found everything. From the compartment he took a small vial, a syringe, and a length of rubber tubing. Then he went upstairs.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock closes his eyes, basking in the afterglow and allowing John to affectionately toy with his mop of curls. At last John sighs and says, “I’d better get cleaned up and go help Mrs. Hudson. Or she’s going to come up here to find us. Coming?”
John's good at this. Sherlock can feel the tension he's been carrying there start to melt away under John's sure touch.
“Absolutely not. I was classically trained for this type of mind-blowingly purposeless activity. I really shouldn’t let it go to waste.”
“Uh…right…” Molly stammers and grabs his hand. “Um. Are you… are you okay? Because if you want to… talk about… I mean, I just know it can be quite… um…”
“This appears to be an ideal scenario for a foray into the dating world. We know the boy and his parents, he presents no physical threat, and Tess is versed in upwards of 150 ways to disable or kill an individual who might attempt to persuade her to do something against her… What’s wrong, why is your face like that?”
"What I need is to be left alone," she snaps. "Every time they make contact like this they put me - and the job - at risk."
John relates the story as accurately as he can remember.
“Yeah, she is.”
Sherlock grabs John's hand and starts dragging him to where he hopes the doors are. "We have to go back, we have to work on this right away."
It had been twenty-one days since Sherlock Holmes had fallen to his death, in front of his best friend and half of London. John Watson had come to the grave every one of those twenty-one days, alone. There was never anyone else there. Mrs. Hudson had joined him once or twice, but that was it. He had expected Molly to come. Or at least Mycroft. But they never did, at least not as far as he knew. It was better that he hadn’t seen Mycroft – John feared what he might do if he encountered the older Holmes brother.
John shifted his jacket to casually reveal his weapon. “You know I am the right person, Mr. Božić  because you are a smart man,  a man who is not to blame for any lateness of Mr. Moran’s goods. And I will be sure to make sure he understands that when I bring the shipment to him.”
Sherlock breaks into a sprint and hears John do likewise. He can easily outpace John when walking, but at a dead run John is ultimately faster. He's not surprised, then, when John flies past him in only a few moments. They skid around a corner after the suspect, ending up in a wide alley. He's fast but Sherlock suspects he's lacking in stamina. They shouldn't have much trouble catching up.
When Sherlock Holmes first casually refers to them as “we”, not 36 hours into their acquaintance, John Watson feels a strange swell of pleasure and pride. Pleasure at being part of a team again, part of anything, when he’s been alone for so long, and pride that this brilliant man seems to find his opinion and aid worth seeking out. And suddenly John can’t imagine a life that doesn’t include him.
Sorry for the delay, I know this took ages! Thank you all for your patience and for those of you who contacted me to make sure I was okay. It's just been really busy at work and I had family visiting, which really puts a crimp on the homoerotic fanfic writing. Hopefully I'll be back to a more regular schedule of posting soon. Thanks for hanging in there with me! =)
He makes John take more blood, and gives him a list of all the possible metabolites he can think of to screen for. Then he has John run tests on the compound itself, solubility, toxicity, reactivity to other chemicals Sherlock might have been exposed to. It takes four time as long as it should, Sherlock using his mental lab to guide John in what to do and John, clumsily, obeying.
"Don't lie. Tell me."
“Wait,” John says, before they can take her away. “Who was
“Moriarty left Richard Brook,” Greg says carefully. “But Hanna – or whoever was helping her – left nothing.”
Sherlock found he was beginning to back away, and forced himself to stand his ground. “I think you underestimate my abilities,” he said with false calm.
John gasps at the new sensation, sharp and sweet and intensely pleasurable as he feels Sherlock slowly working his way inside him, carefully but relentlessly. He is completely in Sherlock’s power and can do, wants to do, nothing but submit to it as one finger becomes two, then three, turning him inside out.
Sherlock still looks unconvinced, though John can see he is wavering. “I can’t change who I am, John. You can’t ask me to.”
Mycroft appeared uncomfortable, which was a very unusual state for him. “There’s no easy way to say this…it’s about my brother.”
Sherlock makes a contemplative noise. “Perhaps my work and…other things…aren’t completely incompatible. At least in certain cases.”
“Everything!” John exclaims, frustrated. “Everything when it means that you’ve stopped acting like there
“Do you want to know what I—”
They have never and will never say “I love you”. Such words are not in Sherlock's vocabulary. As for John, he feels too strongly to say it, as if to verbalize it would be to dilute it somehow. What is love, anyway, if not one life lived together, two bodies tangled beneath the sheets, curves fitting together just so? The willingness to kill, to die, to live for the other? The hand in the hair, the lips on the shoulder, the fierce, fierce, loyalty that overrides all other relationships, even those of blood?
John’s brow is furrowed and he glances around, clearly making sure Mary is not in sight. “Yeah, I need you to tell me why the bloody hell you chose today of all days, after everything, to say
“In fact, I don’t see why you should go to work ever again,” Sherlock continued,  still completely in earnest.
“No.” John steps aggressively toward him. “No, Sherlock, I do
“Something I’ve been keeping from you. For your own good.” Sherlock wouldn’t meet his gaze.
“For the record – if anyone out there still cares – I’m not actually gay,” he says a little too loudly to a little too much silence.
“Can you make it back to the house?”
That was Sherlock’s roundabout way of saying he needed to talk the case over. John gets home as fast as he can and hears Sherlock’s voice already in mid-deduction as he comes up the stairs.
“Well, what?”
thorough."
“Oh, just...
John relaxed visibly, but Sherlock could see he was still angry.  “So. Is there anything else I should know? Anything you’ve been keeping from me for my 'own good'? Now would be the time.”
“I take it back,” John whispers as they reach the top of the last flight. “This looks much more like a serial killer’s home than our flat does.”
At last he couldn’t take it anymore. Something could really be wrong. The sun had gone down, and Sherlock was who knew where, possibly in a bad state, drugs still in his system. “You’ll be the death of me,” John muttered. He pulled out his mobile.
“Hey!” John yells. “You didn’t tell me anything about tonight other than that I was to ‘distract’ her while you did God only knows what. I did that. Yes, it got a little physical, but from what I can tell that was your fucking idea in the first place! It didn’t mean anything.”
What would he find at that address? It was beyond all hope that he would find Sherlock himself there. But there must be some reason Sherlock took the risk to leave the note in a place so easily findable by one of Moran’s people. John only hoped he was smart enough to figure it out. Sherlock had a habit of over-estimating his powers of observation – flattering, but dangerous in this scenario. He stepped out into the cold, cloudy afternoon and, unconsciously turning his collar up against the wind, walked briskly towards his new destination.
Sherlock smiled darkly. “Then I’ve been described to you accurately, it would seem.”
He waves the crumpled emblem of Les Butineuses before Sherlock’s eyes. “Want to try that again? And don’t tell me you were looking for work, neither.”
He makes for the door but John is quicker, springing out of bed and blocking his path. “So that’s it, then? A twelve-week mistake is all this has been? You’re not getting out of this that easy.”
to come here alone if you’d brought me with you in the first place, called for back up, gave anyone even the slightest hint of what you were up to! Tell me, what is it with you and sneaking off by yourself, especially with the really smart, really dangerous ones? Do you need to prove that you can handle the worst ones by yourself? Do you need quality time with another psychopath that badly? Or are you really, honestly trying to get yourself killed? Because I’d hope that you can come up with one or two things worth living for! Tell me because I
Molly finally whips her head round to fix him in her sights. “You tell me, oh great and powerful student of human nature. Why would a man who’s just lost the person who meant the world to him want to see that person again? To say goodbye? To make sure?”
"No," Sherlock says a little too quickly, but John doesn't seem to notice. "But plenty of people there would have had a grudge against us, and the means. Perhaps a descendant of the original H.O.U.N.D. crew. I'm sure it will become clear once we've recovered."
“So much
The case drags out. Sherlock is unable to figure out exactly what the murder weapon is, or if it has any actual significance. Similar murders continue to crop up every few days, but with no real predictability of time. Locations seem completely random, scattered throughout the greater London area. All the bodies are found hanging upside down in abandoned buildings after having been strangled. The only other consistent fact is that they are all female, and the victims are growing progressively younger. The latest one is just eight and half.
"I don't know what you thought would happen when you came back," John says in that clipped tone which means he's finding it difficult to physically restrain himself. "But even you can't have been arrogant and callous enough to assume that you could just..."
… Leaving that incredibly horrifying turn of conversation... do you know what could
John slows. "...interference or obstruction of the the myelin sheathing on the primary temporal lobe neurons and adjacent..."
“I don’t know, I didn’t hear the first half. You do realise I can’t simultaneously be in the other room and in here, right?”
He washes his hands and gathers his jacket and mobile. He stops on his way out the door. "He's going to start talking soon," he informs her. "That will be for me."
“Come on. Mycroft will be here in…” His lips move silently for a moment, as if he is calculating the exact number of minutes it takes for the elder Holmes to brush his teeth and the length of time for a car to get across town in morning traffic. “…thirty-seven minutes. I’m sure he’ll be wanting to hear all about it.”
“Tempting,” Sherlock admitted, carefully getting up as well. Blood flow had returned to his extremities and the rush of adrenaline and endorphins from John’s appearance had given him a burst of strength.
“Sherlock…” he says again slowly. “It’s really you. Isn’t it? I’m not… I’m not hallucinating this…”
“Oh, I am more clever than you could
Greg grunts and settles into the sagging chair across from him. "I assume this means you ran down that lead I gave you."
“No,” he tells Sherlock, sitting back up and pushing Sherlock off him, finally. “You can’t just do this.”
Whenever he closes his eyes, the memories come back to him, painful now but also wonderful. He doesn’t want to forget. The feeling of the warm, smooth, alabaster skin on his. Sandpaper stubble on his neck and chest. Soft lips on his back, his shoulders, his most intimate of places. His hands on the slender waist, bodies pressed together, arms around each other. Tongues and fingers and cocks trembling inside each other, making them one. The scenes play in his head like a movie, over and over, and he doesn’t know if he wants them to stop.
Sherlock puts his forehead to John’s. “You do realise that I’m still going to do experiments in the kitchen and leave body parts in the fridge and cultures laying about downstairs?”
WHICH SIDE OF THE STREET? John demands.
He wakes when, some hours later, Sherlock slides into bed next to him, naked and silent as a shadow.
Sherlock considers this gravely. “But it’s not the same,” he concludes.
“Lestrade, when you locate the very obvious suspect, don’t arrest him – let me go and talk to him first. Wouldn’t want another cock-up like the last one…”
He clears his throat and begins, and it feels like his voice is coming from someone else, somewhere else. “It was a rescue mission. Two men from my platoon had gone missing on a routine patrol. We split up. We shouldn’t have but we were getting desperate, so we spread out to cover more ground. I climbed over a steep ridge, following a game trail down into another little valley, hoping to find any sign of them.”
"Did you pay for his schooling and university in the hopes of getting in his trousers or with the expectation of any favours in return?"
John let out a long breath. “I could have helped you, Sherlock.”
sure that he doesn't. And even I, dear brother, know that people don't work that way."
A few days pass in which the awkwardness begins to ebb. Sherlock starts to relax. On Monday, late afternoon, he gets a call from Lestrade, positively music to his ears after one of the dullest months he can remember.
“Well, this certainly explains a few things,” she drawls, nodding at the two of them on the floor. “Actually, it takes the sting out of the rejection.”
"Alcohol" he tells John, with difficulty, not at all sure the word is the right one. "Start with alcohol."
"They're in the house, Sherlock," John says. "My God, I don't have my gun. Okay, you go out the window, I'll hold them off!"
Sherlock realises belatedly that what he said may have been hurtful, but Victor puts a hand up to stop him backtracking.
“I wanted to feel something new. I wanted it to feel better.”
“You don’t remember? Sherlock said once he knew you had him, he slit his own throat right there. Nasty business, this whole thing. Is that what happened?”
Just as the wait seemed to be growing interminable and John was debating whether pestering the receptionist would do him any good, he heard the click of sharp heels on stone. A severe looking woman in a perfectly tailored suit appeared. “Box number?” she said without preamble.
“Sherlock, if you don’t eat something I swear I will have you sectioned!”
“You have a lot of healing to do. I still don’t like any of this. Just…don’t make me come after you again. Oh, here – I’ve got your gloves.” He fished in his pocket and pulled out the pair of leather gloves from the box he’d been given. “You left them. Too big for me.”
and John returns it with a sharp one of his own reminding him whose idea this was.
“No,” he manages.
The man nods sympathetically, sitting down beside him. "Can't help you there, friend. You're not pretty enough for my line of work. Try the docks."
Jesus Christ. That hurt. He attempts to get the pain under control and runs his hands carefully over his own back, feeling for shattered vertebrae.
John leans over to lick the sweat from between sharp shoulder blades, dragging his teeth gently across the nearly translucent skin, and Sherlock makes a sound like the rumble of a bull elephant, completely outside his head now. Good. John keeps them on the edge for as long as he can stand, and when it’s over with a last, deep thrust from John and an almost feral cry of pleasure from Sherlock, both are utterly exhausted.
It takes Sherlock a moment to understand what John is saying to him. He drops the bottle and condoms on the bed and moves closer to John, who pulls away. “Don’t,” he says, withdrawing, pulling the sheet around him.
"Who?" John asks, warily.
She had never resented Sherlock the way his other girlfriends had. Not that she had ever really
John grins wickedly, despite the usual urge to cringe at their daughter’s full moniker. He reminds himself to be grateful they were able to compromise on something that at least shortened to a social acceptable diminutive, even if the namesake had been undeniably mad, and that he had managed to get his mother’s name in there. Sherlock had originally tried to name her after his favourite poison and element of the periodic table. There wasn’t a lot you could do with Digitalis Antimony, nickname-wise.
Sherlock looks stunned, as if he’s never considered that before, then wary. John can see in his eyes that dread of being possessed, controlled, of having his freedom, his self taken away from him. Of having to transform into someone he can’t possibly be.
"Yes?" John asks, running his tongue along the line of Sherlock's jaw, flicking up behind his ear before moving down to suck gently on his throat.
The coldness returned, and Sherlock thought desperately for what to say to make it retreat again.
“You don’t believe that.”
Had it gone a microsecond longer, Sherlock would have given in. He’d have sat up, taken John in his arms one last time and murmured his deepest apologies into John’s sandy hair, holding him as tightly as he could while he waited for the bullets to pierce them both and hoping that in the highly improbable even that there was anything after this, that they would find each other.
“I was to be put on every terrorist watch list from here to Istanbul, as well as anonymously reported to HMRC for an audit.”
“It’s fine. I hear you. You’ve made it very clear. Love is chief among the evils of mankind. I got it.”
The lanky redhead stands stooped in the doorway, looking drawn and worn, no trace of his normal cheer left in him. He looks like a different person, and about a thousand years older. John wonders if he looks that bad. Or worse. He wonders how long its been since he bathed.
Sherlock looks concerned again. “I’ve told you before you didn’t hurt me. You saved me. Why is that wrong?”
Why should Sherlock begrudge John a little relief here and there, provided it doesn’t get serious? Living with him when he’s frustrated isn’t particularly pleasant, and Sherlock understands that most people need an outlet of some kind, even if he has managed quite well for years without one. Granted, this was interfering with a case, but he should have just let it go this time.
"I know children aren't really my area and that you want Rosie to have a normal childhood. But I want to try, John. I want you back, for real, not for just sometimes, and Rosie's part of you and I want her here too. I'll try to be better, I promise, whatever you want me to do. I want... I want to be a family." He stumbles over the word but forges on. "With you. And Rosie. If you want."
Moriarty nods knowingly, as if he can see what's going on behind Sherlock's eyes. "It didn't work as I'd expected, but may I say the results were far more entertaining. Loss of senses. Loss of self. I had hoped under a strong psychosis you might kill John Watson. I never dared to hope you might try to kill yourself. Of course I would never have let that happen. You're not to die until I say so. John, on the other hand... the sooner the better, really."
John shakes his head. “Just a bad day. Nothing more.” He makes no move to go to bed and neither does Sherlock.
As Fawnlock wandered off to sort through the shelves, John collected the mugs and thermos, setting them back in his pack so he wouldn't forget them. He wasn't sure how long they were going to stay here, though John frankly had no problem spending the night. It was closer to the gate, so made things easier for his mate.
Mycroft leans into the chaste kiss, hand covering Greg's as it lasts longer than most first kisses do. When they pull away his eyes flutter open, he didn't even know he closed them
Sherlock frowns, "Sugar only." Their mother gives him a look, Sherlock corrects himself with a roll of his eyes, "Please."
Fawnlock let out a soft chuckle, snuggling closer and rubbing his cheek against John's arm once more. Then he nuzzled affectionately at John's shoulder, damp nose sliding across warm skin.
"It's a miracle," John says convinced. The teacher calls morning break over, yelling for students to return to their seats. "We'll talk at lunch, Captain." John goes back to his seat, smiling.
"Yes...that'd be best. I want to keep both of us warm through the winter. And I want to take care of the forest as well. It's our home. It's important."
John closes his bedroom door decorated with lots of different things.  Doctor stuff, military stuff. Doctor Who all over the walls. His seashell and rock collection along the windowsill.  His bed is completely Doctor Who. He places their project on his desk and turns to Sherlock.
"Oh? Slumber party? I thought that was for girls? " Harry teases, though she loved the idea of having the room to herself... Stacy is very cute and very interested in her. John blushes and looks down.
He pulls his coat off its hook and puts it on, grabbing John's as well, since John was a little bit too short.
John wasn't an amazing cook by far, but he was decent enough to get by. He had learned plenty of tricks in the army to make even the most horrendous of foods edible, so with fresh ingredients, he more than managed. Draining out the pasta, he scooped it into the sauce he'd made then spooned out two portions onto plates. After spending a few good seconds considering if the fawn knew how to use a fork, he brought the dishes into the living room. Setting each plate down on the coffee table, he decided that it was probably more comfortable for the other to stay curled on the rug rather than sit on on of the hard kitchen chairs. Setting out a fork beside Fawnlock's plate (coming to the decision that it was near impossible to properly eat pasta without one ), John then settled beside him. He watched the fawn skim over the words in the book, amazed at his progress and knowledge for living without human interaction for so long. He hardly seemed scared of anything, eager and curious. He picked up his own fork and gestured to the plate, then twirled the utensil in the pasta, picking up a forkful and popping it into his mouth. Chewing for a moment, he considered, then swallowed, nodding towards the book before spearing some veggies. "Who taught you how to read?"
"Yea.. at least it's something to look at nothing else to do around here. Seeing as I haven't got any friends.... I... um..." John clears his throat and trails off, twisting the stick in his hands again.
"JOHN YOU FUCKING BRAT OPEN THIS DOOR AND GIVE ME MY BOOZE!" Harry pounds on the door, yelling and screaming.
The rumble in Fawnlock's chest had quieted throughout the night, was a soft hum like sound. But as John stroked his face with gentle fingertips, the rumble grew in volume, the fawn's nose scrunching slightly in pleasure as he slept. Soon the gentle touches woke the Fae, and he snuggled closer, tail swishing as his eyes fluttered open.
Once the jumper was out of the way and not a scrap of fabric was between them, John relished the soft slide of the warm, velvety fur against his bare skin. He was careful not to put too much pressure on the healing wounds on Fawnlock's chest, but keeping him on top helped tremendously. The fingertips sliding up and down his sides really was lovely, but it was the snuffling wet nose at his neck and the mouth against his ear that was sublime.
As the connection clicks Sherlock speaks, "Hello, Mycroft."
Though he soon pulled back to take up the hand Moosecroft had taken and sniffed it softly, his brows furrowed as he began to rub the back of John's hand against his cheeks and damp nose, ridding his mate's flesh of the scent of his brother. After a few minutes the fawn stopped, snuffled at John's palm, and huffed softly in contentment before he took John's other hand, circling his speckled fingers around his mate's tanned wrists.
John felt absolutely drowned out in bliss, between the mouth and hands roaming over his chest, to the narrow hips rubbing against each other and sending beautiful jolts of pleasure rolling slowly up along his body. The lazy intimacy was appealing to him and he wouldn't have traded it for anything. He loved being touching as well as touching, their fingers unable to stop roaming over each other's bodies. That rumbling purr started up and John was in heaven
"Did you want to call your brother while I clean up?"  He asks, swallowing his last bite and climbs down from his chair with the plate in hand.
He briefly takes John's hand, squeezing his friend's fingers with a slight smile. He lets go and follows John to the foyer, head tilted as he examines the floor rug
Greg smiles at Mycroft's cute stutter, letting go of Mycroft's hand after a moment, "Well, see you around Mycroft." He gives the younger teen a little salute and a wink before turning and patting John's head, "Stay out of trouble you two." Before leaving the library, walking down the hall with his hands in his pockets.
Anticipation for days to come with Greg seeps in, he is just thrilled to be with him.
John could feel as the fae began to tense up, and reached down to grip his firm backside, rubbing the sleek curve of muscle and encouraging him to buck forwards all he wanted to, to bring forth his release and the euphoria that followed.
Not long after starting, was Sherlock finished and very bored. The talkative boy rolls over so he is facing John more fully, small fingers steepled.
"Well...it means making a marriage complete by..uhh...having sexual intercourse." A pause. To medical maybe? "Having sex. Making love."
"I can build you a nest...anything to make you happy." He smiled at the soft kisses to his knuckles, moving his thumb to rub against the corner of Fawnlock's mouth.
"You are amazing and you are wonderful for this wood. It is flourishing and gorgeous and it's because you care so much for it." John leant in closer and wrapped his arms around the fawn's long neck, nuzzling against the soft ruff of fur around his neck.
They fluttered open once more and he bit his lip, and huffed, "Mousey was someone I considered a close acquaintance, maybe even a friend. She was useful during some of my experiments as an assistant, she had knowledge and skills I appreciated. Though I never told her such."
John smiled warmly, his heart swelling till it felt as if it would burst from his chest. It was only the barrage of kisses across his face that kept him from simply exploding. He leaned into the touch of Fawnlock's hand, humming softly.
"Yea..." John says sheepishly, still smiling. Mummy is the ONLY person allowed to call him that... except maybe Sherlock... Maybe.
Sherlock smiles broadly and pulls John to his feet, "I don't have a lot of friends, John, only you."
John stares at his sister and frowns. Their parents being military and in the medical field had told them the dangers of things like drugs and drinking and everything else under the sun.
John took his own blanket and unfolded it to set in the nest as well, mimicking Fawnlock's actions. Running his hand over the thick duvet, he turned and looked at his mate, listening as his voice became soft. He could tell that this wasn't just them making a bed to sleep in. This was something very special to Fawnlock, something that connected him to his mother. A nest was warmth, was love, was family. It was bittersweet that the fae had been building them so long just to lay in them alone. To John, it wasn't a feminine thing. He didn't see the fawn like that, no matter how gorgeous he was. It was sad he didn't get along well with his brother, because it was evident that family was important to him. John wished he could have given his mate the big, loving family he deserved. But he'd have to settle for John. And in return, John would give him that amount of love he deserved and more.
"Some years, yes, it can snow quite a bit... I can show you trees to cut down like I said, and if you ever need anything during the winter months, I can try to find it for you. There's stocks of food Mrs. Hudson and I have gathered all around the wood." The fawn smiles slightly, flipping his hand palm up under John's. "Mrs. Hudson's always been the one to care for me I suppose. She's almost like my Maman, a part of my herd, one would say. " the Fae mused lightly. His tail thumped lightly against the soft grasses and quilts of his nest, he turned to gaze at John, "Do you have anyone John? A herd?" He asked softly. He pulled at his scarf once more, fingers stroking over the yarn.
Sherlock gives a soft chuckle as well, flopping down atop his friend, starfish style. He smiles, "Now you see, people are idiots."
The fawn gave a smile as John went straight to seeing if he was well just like he knew he would. Fawnlock stayed perfectly still for John throughout his examination of his wounds, save the ears flicks and twitches, not to mention his tail, which didn't seem to want to stay still, seeing as it swished from side to side lazily. And of course the rumbling deep in his chest was there, it even continued as the Fae leant into his mate's palm as it rubbed his furred cheek, nodding in understanding at John's words.
Hoping Sherlock listened, he heads to the library to pick the boys up. Much to his surprise, the handsome and popular captain of the rugby team is with them. Mycroft swallows hard and walks up to them, nervous as hell. He never met him, not really, but he is handsome and popular... how could he not know him? They are in some of the same classes.
Fawnlock huffed his appreciation as John heard his silent plea with slight amusement, causing the fawn to give a minuscule pout as John undid his jeans for the fawn. He'd sat up for John, his eyes staying on his mate's hands as they pulled away from his jeans, the fawn took up the skillful hands in his larger ones, leaning forward slightly, he brought them to his mouth, so he could kiss each knuckle and finger before flipping the hands palm up to press warm kisses over the expanse of John's calloused hands.
His nose scrunched when he touched on the human word, and then he looked wistful for a moment. Perhaps his brother had shown him the reason he'd not yet found a mate for himself. Perhaps he'd been looking in the wrong place all along.
"Make sure you two wash up " Mycroft calls from outside Sherlock's door and then heads to his own room to clean up.
Fawnlock's hand slid from John's neck into his hair, gripping lightly, as the other hand slipped to the waistband of John's trousers. He made a soft sound, tugging slightly at the trousers, wanting to feel more of John's bare skin, intense heat welling up inside him. He broke the kiss for air, ears flicking, and panting slighty as he buried his damp nose into John's neck nuzzling and nipping slightly at his heated skin.
The Fae sighed then reached out and took a biscuit, biting into it, eating most of it before he laid back down, snuggling into the soft nest. Fawnlock's eyes fluttered closed as he let his glamour take his being after John, it was almost like being with his mate, almost but it lacked. He couldn't hold John's hand, like they had the other day, and John didn't know he was there. The fawn huffed softly, tail swishing as he broke off from John, not before casting the smallest of shielding spells on him, now he'd know if something was wrong immediately, before his being padded down a familiar deer trail and the fawn started his rounds.
Winston takes off and both Sherlock and himself are practically bouncing in their seats. "Don't worry, I told him to pack all of your favorite things."
