Iain’s grin was getting wider still, he began to look a little like the Cheshire Cat, which was definitely unnerving. Suddenly however, it broke off, his face became sober, his voice quieter, and more respectful. “I came to tell yeh that because yer fuckin' flatmate’s been demanding it for a week, Watson, and he’s screaming your name into the mattress when he comes”.
Groaning, John dressed her in a romper suit, something Sherlock’s mother had sent when he moved back into the flat, some pretty purple thing that had flowers on it. The first time John had dressed Rosie in it, Sherlock had come out in his dressing gown and stared at her for several minutes, before abruptly turning and marching into the shower. When he finally appeared, actually deigning to wear proper clothes around the house, he was wearing a shirt that almost matched the exact shade of the little cotton one-piece, though he sniffed and pretended not to know what John was talking about when he brought it up. It had made John’s entire day.
Sherlock is still shuddering with aftershocks, and John gently pulls his hand free, sweeping down the length of his back as he holds him close, sweeping his hair back from his face, gently brushing his fingers through gorgeous curls as his love relaxes against him. They lie there, unspeaking, while John trails his fingertips against every smooth expanse of Sherlock’s skin he can reach, rubbing his fingertips gently against his nipples, his collarbones, the high arch of his cheekbones. Sherlock lies heavy and exhausted against him, no longer clinging to his shoulders, but wrapped around him, solid and unmoving, secure in John’s presence as his breathing returns to normal, happy to lie with his head against John’s chest as he maps Sherlock’s body with his fingers.
Mrs Hudson was still happily talking as the shower shut off in the distance, “-and the nice police officer on duty even showed me how to work the brakes on that bloody pram of yours John Watson, and well, this was the first time it had started to roll down the hill-“
“Boys! We’re back and we’ve had a lovely time, but I gather she rather needs something to eat, and then a nap wouldn’t be too far off, but I don’t have any packets left of that pureed rubbish John keeps feeding her…” She looked at John as he opened the bathroom door, easing out and quickly shutting it behind him, keeping the steam inside the humid room and Sherlock’s modesty intact, not that Mrs Hudson was capable of being shocked by anything much these days. And as she looked between John, whose damp body was still dripping onto the floor, and back at the door where the shower was still clearly continuing for the other occupant, she looked up and beamed at him, reaching up to pat his cheek while her other hand covered her mouth, not hiding even a bit of her smile as she made a happy, cooing noise. John laughed, and gave her quick kiss on the cheek before moving past her and hurrying up the stairs to his bedroom to pull on the first clean clothes he saw.
Oh God.
It took him a long while, and several cups of tea before he’d managed to think through the whole situation as it deserved.
Went upstairs to check on Rosie, who was sleeping on her stomach like a starfish with her limbs sprawled in every direction.
He smiled fondly at her disgruntled indignation, where she was banging her hands against her giraffe, thinking that it would be so much easier to resent his daughter if Rosie’s whole face didn’t light up when she saw him, squealing with joy as she lifted her arms in a demand to be picked up. He kissed her blonde head and settled her against his chest, swaying from side to side as she smiled toothlessly up at him, dribble trailing down her chin.
His chest was heaving now, and his eyes had started to sting. He had to look down now, unable to take Sherlock’s gaze any longer, not for this last part. “Baker Street is your home. You belong here, with Mrs Hudson, and the skull, where Lestrade stomps up the stairs and doesn’t have to knock. It’s your home Sherlock, and if you want to share that with me, and Rosie then that’s – more than fine. I won’t ever take you away from that. But it’s up to you. So please don’t say you’ll leave. Not ever. Not here.”
Why did he have to be wearing the blue dressing gown? The one time an insanely handsome, attractive foreigner came around who obviously knew Sherlock well enough to regale him with lurid tales of his (gay) sexual exploits, who was smart enough to answer questions about bomb chemistry and wether the results could be replicated with photography chemicals, and Sherlock was wandering around the flat looking like sex on legs, with an adorably ruffled head of dark curls and the royal blue silk dressing gown that draped elegantly over every curve of his body, to make it exceedingly clear he wasn’t wearing any pants.
, and
“You weren’t wrong.”
He’d come to the conclusion, several times over, that he was an idiot. An idiot on a spectacular scale, who very much wanted Sherlock there, so he could bury his face into the elegant swan neck and mumble apologies.
daughter sleeps peacefully upstairs. Sherlock has begun to snore lightly, and John is drifting of to the sound when Sherlock’s breath hitches and he mumbles quietly to himself, berating John for being an idiot who can’t tell the difference between an antique diamond necklace and a clever hiding place for deadly explosives, still clearly asleep. John laughs quietly to himself, pressing kisses into the warm skin of Sherlock’s back, tracing along a small constellation of freckles that scatter over his left shoulder. It seems Sherlock’s dream has moved on, as he stops talking to an imaginary, idiotic version of John and his breathing begins to settle again. John is also mostly asleep, just barely in the mind frame between the state of consciousness that is neither asleep nor awake when he hears it. Mumbled, barely audible, almost completely evasive to the human ear.   But he hears it, this form of Sherlockian sentiment.
Rosie let out a muffled shriek of delight, obscuring the rest of the murmured conversation as macaroni dribbled out of her mouth and plopped onto her placemat, waving her arms so wildly that her bottle went flying to the floor. He hastily cleared his throat and wiped it up, throwing the bottle into the sink with a thump, not caring if he interrupted the whispers between the tangled men in the next room. “If you two are eating tonight, this food isn’t going to stay hot for long” he yelled, gently cleaning the yellow goo of Rosie’s chin, silently willing his blood pressure to lower, before offering a gentle smile to his daughter at her burbling as he dabbed the last of the muck off her face.
Gently encouraging him to shift down into a better position, so most of his body was lying against John, he gave a final, regretful stroke against Sherlock’s ribs before moving his hand lower. The detective threw his head back and keened when John took his hand and wrapped it around them both, his legs coming to wrap around Sherlock’s waist and holding him tightly in the cradle of his hips. He stretched up to meet Sherlock’s mouth in an open kiss, swallowing the nonsensical noises as he rocked them both, left hand warm where it was taking long, gorgeous pulls around their cocks.
And he could cope with that. He could. He’d married Mary, he’d fucked up worse than he ever had in life, he’d forced himself to square up and actually look at his feelings for his best friend. He started divorce proceedings, he watched his wife die, he’d punched the living daylights out of Sherlock, and then he’d decided to move in.   Somewhere in there, particularly near the end, he’d also acknowledged that he was a violent coward who didn’t deserve to touch a hair on Sherlock Holmes head, much less his infant daughter’s, and had made several promises to himself that he intended to keep. Sherlock was married to his work, but John was his mistress. He needed John, needed John to make the world a place he could function in. And John was fine with that. After Sherlock had been peeled off the floor of the morgue in the hospital from where he’d fallen at John’s fists, this was enough. If it was just this, forever, if Sherlock decided to have a polygamous relationship with Iain MacKelpie and Irene Adler and meet John once a week, he would make it be enough. He had quickly come to see, and then forgotten in the months after Sherlock returned from the dead, that he was blessed to have any little piece of his detective the man could give to him, and nothing, NOTHING, was worth seeing him flinch from John in fear again. He would put up with Sherlock shagging the whole of the Scottish Isles in the living room if he had to.
The man sighed, tipping his head back to rest against the wall, fiddling with the ripped sleeve of his shirt. “I don’t have a problem with being called another name in bed, I wasn’t kidding the other night, no standards whatsoever, but he’s been getting more miserable as the week goes on.” He lifted his head a little to squint at John. “Made me worry about what he’d do when I’d fucked off and he didn’t have someone to use for stress relief who doesn’t give two shits about feelings and that crap. Since your head could have put the boiler industry out of business the first night I was over, thought you might like to hear something.”
The Scottish fucker laughed, getting to his feet. “Eh, don’t blame the bastard, I don’t reckon he’s got off for the last few years. Made him blurt out a few things I got the impression he REALLY didn’t mean to tell me.”
“Shut it. I know I have caused you… considerable pain, when I blamed you for Mary’s death.” Sherlock’s eyes softened, and he could feel the lips under his hand trying to move, but John kept going. “I will apologise a thousand times over for that, every day for the rest my life. And I know that won’t ever excuse what I did. I know it won’t. I had no right to treat you like that.” He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to drown out the guilt that was threatening to overwhelm him before opening them again, consciously aware of his body pressing against Sherlock’s.
Fair enough. John had been a goddamn idiot for a long time, he wasn’t going to deny her the chance to gloat.
God, John definitely needed more sleep.
“Ta, Mrs Hudson, but you really don’t have to do that” John said, checking around her side to make sure at least that there were only food dishes in the sink, rather than any of Sherlock’s chemistry glassware. He received gentle rap over the knuckles with his own spoon, Mrs Hudson mock-glowering at him as she pulled out the plug and placed the last of the dishes in the rack. “Nonsense dear, I’m already finished”. She merrily bustled around, snatching the plate from in front of the now-comatose Sherlock, and flicking John with the tea towel. “That little madam isn’t the only one who’s tired, I think everybody in this house needs a good lie down this afternoon. And if it turns into something a bit more than a lie down I can use those lovely new earmuffs that Mrs Turner bought me, she said something about them being specifically tested against couples who were loud in the-“
It was barely mumbled loudly enough to be heard, an enormous admission from a tiny voice, coming from the man who was attempting to wrap himself around John as though he was a vine on a trellis. But John heard it.
Iain’s face went softer again, stretching into a cheeky smile as he seized John’s hand and gave it a firm shake, striding toward the door. “Little shit thinks you’re all for girls and that still, and given what with yer daughter, said something about not rocking the boat. I’m leaving for the airport now, won’t see him again. Don’t think I really need to, I left him a message.” He wrapped the Celtic scarf firmly round his neck, just pausing at the door for another moment. He looked directly into John’s face, and spoke quietly.
Watched a bit of telly, went back to check his phone.
The detective looked as beautiful as John had ever seen him, his body floppy and relaxed, eyes hooded in the way that he meant would most likely be asleep in the next hour. His dark curls were still wet from the shower, droplets of water sliding down the twists in his hair to drip onto the floor, where it would most likely be John’s job to mop it up. He had, thank god, seen fit to yank on a clean pair of pyjama pants and his favourite dressing gown, and he dropped into his chair at the table in a daze, blinking across at Rosie.
from John’s body. It was glorious, it was beautiful to see him like this, pressed against John, giving himself over.
Got up, made a cup of tea.
Sat slumped in his chair in exhaustion, staring at the empty fireplace.
, and
“You’d not fuckin’ believe it, the lad had me flat on my back with me thighs in a fucking death grip while his mouth was going up at down like…” And godammit Sherlock
“He’s fucking petrified, not sure what the hell to do about it. I was more than happy to help with the sex, but it’s sure as hell not me he actually wants, and I’ve got fuck-all in the way of advice. So help him out, yeah? He’s a proper idiot when it comes to this sort of shit. And I’ve got a plane to catch, so cheery-bye, Dr Watson, and use lube. Ta ta!”
John’s mouth was beginning to open before he knew what he was going to say, and it was looking like the conversation would quickly turn sour before Sherlock floated through the doorway in one of his rare displays of impeccable timing.
________
John shut the door, stiffly turning around to face his lookalike nemesis, and arched an eyebrow.
Sherlock was standing still, only blinking, and he looked uncomfortable, starting to twist his hands.
”, trying to bounce his screaming daughter and turn the stove off at the same time. Sherlock trailed through the doorway in time to see Iain fluidly lift the howling infant off John’s shoulder, even as John yelped and tried to stop him, to be foiled by forgetting about the spoon still in the macaroni pot, having to hastily turn his attention back to the stove to avoid boiling water slopping over all three of them.
But as Sherlock moaned above him, heartbeat fluttering in the pulse shown stark against the taunt skin of his neck, John wouldn’t have moved for anything. There was power here, quietly taking the love of his life apart from below while Sherlock took what he needed, what he
Went to bed.
“You, began this telling me you were married to your work. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you show any interest, in anyone ever, except maybe for Irene Adler”. He did note Sherlock’s eye roll as he mentioned her, but continued, grinding his hand more firmly into Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock met his gaze calmly, not saying anything, just pressing another kiss against the base of John’s thumb before he shifted his own hand to press against John’s, handprint meeting handprint. He shifted his own fingers a little, allowing them to splay into the spaces between digits scarred from violin strings, and Sherlock squeezed down, locking his fingers with John, gripping tight, saying nothing.
Mrs Hudson and Sherlock were talking in low voices in the kitchen, which stopped abruptly as John’s footsteps clunked down the stairs. Sherlock was slowly eating a scone topped with what looked like cheese and jam, having either demolished the first scroll in seconds, or thrown it out the window. He was, however, blushing nearly as badly as he had been an hour ago, and Mrs Hudson could not have physically looked more pleased or more smug had she tried, superiority rolling off her in waves as she scrubbed enthusiastically at the crumby dishes in the sink.
The following scuffle was short, dirty, and to the point, eventually ending when John physically booted Iain into the couch and both men slumped on the floor, breathing heavily and rubbing various bruised body parts.
Edited a few old blog posts.
Sorted biohazard waste from normal kitchen waste from recycling waste and deposited it all in the appropriate bins.
“Ah, put yer frilly socks down mate, I’m only here for a quick chat.” He squeezed past John, clumping into the living room as John continued to stare out the door in dismay. He really, really didn’t want to deal with this.
Peeked through Sherlock’s bedroom door on the off chance that they’d come home and he had somehow missed it.
He stroked Sherlock’s curls as he waited, turning his head a little to press his smile into Sherlock’s temple, softly kissing his temple, once, twice, three times.
He continued on in with his hateful accent, rocking JOHN’S daughter in his bloody arms as she continued making soft noises, beaming up at him with the kind of smiles which were previously only offered to John, or to Sherlock whenever he bestowed his attention to read to her.
The Scottish brogue was mostly indiscernible, trailing out from the living room where the bastard was sitting next to John's mad wanker, pressed entirely too close up against him as they swapped stories of the last few years.
Looked up recipes on his laptop that he thought he could probably coax both Sherlock and Rosie into eating.
Mrs Hudson had bundled Rosie into her stroller and a bag of stale bread, taking the small girl and a stuffed giraffe of nearly the same size to Regent’s Park, with the intent of feeding the ducks. Sherlock was off berating the competence and ability of Scotland Yard as a whole, something about toxicologists being about as likely to ingest fatal quantities of prescription medication by mistake as they were to ingest fecal matter, so he was off at the lab, while Lestrade frantically tore through paperwork at his demand. John was reading his novel, and idling wondering whether Rosie would eat carrots if he first put them through the blender and then mixed them with sweet potato.
And left John standing in the doorway.
“Me too, love. Me too.”
He was staring at his lap now, eyes wet at the corners, not able to look at the greatest man he’d ever had the privilege to love, afraid to see what Sherlock’s face would express. He just sat there, too scared to look up, wondering if he’d buggered it up royally again, and whether he should leave, give Sherlock a bit of space… But the consulting detectives finger’s slipped around John’s wrist where it was still clamped over Sherlock’s mouth, and John shakily exhaled as the calloused fingers peeled John’s palm away.
John looked fondly at his consulting madman, who was still telling John the woeful tales of Anderson’s unimaginable idiocy, while taking great pleasure in sucking the apricot jam off his spoon, looking not unlike Rosie on the rare occasion she was allowed to lick cake mix off their wooden spoon.
Snapping to back to the conversation, John looked up at her in horror, eyes quickly going back to where Rosie was slowly sucking on her bottle with drooping eyes, to check for any injuries before she laughed.
“Look,” Iain sighed, “you’ve made it perfectly clear exactly what kind of wanker you think I am, and it’s a reputation well deserved. And Sherlock’s a little bastard, but I like him, alright?” He laughed a bit at John’s glare, wincing a little as he gingerly touched his split lip. “I came back in town and wanted to see him, thought he’d be up for a quick go-round, like before. Well I got it, but his heart sure as hell wasn’t in it, had to fuckin' sit on the bloke before he spat it out about you. And since I’m a royal wanker of the first degree and a shameless slut for posh British pieces of sex –“ he threw a wink at John, massaging the rapidly blackening eye – “I told him to use me as he pleased while I was here. He’s been very fuckin sure that you weren’t interested in him. And while I’m paraphrasing, he said something about there being less ‘no homo’ attitudes in a fucking church.”
John moved his head down a bit, wrapping his lips around Sherlock’s nipple, and the noises that warbled out of Sherlock’s mouth were like nothing he had heard before. He took his time, laving at the tight bud, feeling it peak against his lips, sucking it and kissing it until Sherlock was squirming mess above him. He drew back, almost able to physically feel Sherlock’s mingling disappointment and relief, which evaporated with a sharp cry as John slipped his fingers down to brush over Sherlock’s hole as he latched onto the neglected nipple. He repeated his attentions, slowly working a single finger into Sherlock’s body, stroking along his insides as the man went to pieces. Once he decided he was stretched adequately, he gently added in a second finger and immediately crooked the both of them against Sherlock’s prostate, drinking in Sherlock’s cry of ecstasy, shifting his hand from Sherlock’s hip to help stabilize his swaying torso, from where Sherlock was rapidly shaking apart above him.
“Where’s Iain?”
He practically skipped down the stairs like a bloody lamb, before sternly telling himself to pull it together and letting his attitude roll out in a grin he couldn’t quite keep off his face, as he controlled his pace and strolled back out into the kitchen, where Rosie was still sitting in her pram, looking most unhappy that he had gone right past her without showing her any attention.
Yeah real smooth John, watch the man patiently teach your daughter the Latin name of butterflies and then aggressively demand to know where his lover is. Good one.
The detective tried to meet John’s eyes but didn’t quite make it, the dark blush on his face having migrated down into the open vee of his dress shirt, twisting his fingers together and splaying them out as he tried to speak. “I can leave, if you like, while you and Rosie find another place. Or you can have Baker St, and I can find-mmmpphh!”
Slipping his fingers out of Sherlock’s arse for just a moment, he massaged the muscles of Sherlock’s bum with his free hand, taking his lover apart piece by piece, transfixed by the sight of Sherlock on top of him, pale skin flushed all over, curls thoroughly debauched from where he lay in the bracket formed by John’s body. He thrust his fingers back in, delighting in the increasingly desperate movements of his love on top of him. He’s rubbing himself against John with abandon, frantically rutting against him as he rocks, pressing back against John’s fingers before thrusting forward against his cock, head bounding on his neck as his hips work in a stuttering rhythm. It’s easily the most gorgeous thing John Watson has ever seen in his life, almost bouncing Sherlock between his fingers and his cock as the great detective slowly loses his mind with pleasure.
Only when Sherlock begins to pant John’s name with a little cry in his mouth, does John finally decide to stop teasing him, flicking his wrist as he runs the tip of a single finger over the leaking head of Sherlock's cock. The detective’s hips jerk against John as he tumbles, arse contracting around John’s fingers, into his orgasm, crying out in relief even as he runs his hands back to meet behind John’s neck and pulls him close as he collapses against his chest. Seconds behind, John twists his neck to meet Sherlock’s lips, hungrily kissing him as he thrusts, arching up against him as his own ejaculate splatters between them onto Sherlock’s torso.
Yeah. Fuck.
He reached his hand up to gently twine his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, shifting his thumb to rub soothingly across the back of his neck, to ease the man who had started to quake in his lap. Sherlock’s lips were trembling, the effort to convey what he was trying to say had broken his vocabulary down into only the simplest words and phrases.
Snatching his daughter back and thrusting the displeased, wriggling child back into her high chair, John grimly began spooning macaroni and cheese into four bowls. No matter how much he didn’t want Iain MacKelpie staying for dinner, he was hardly going to stoop to Sherlock’s level of rudeness and all but order then man from the flat. If only Sherlock would like to do that NOW though, with this particular visitor, John didn’t think he would mind in the slightest. Might dig out the mangos he’d been hiding behind Rosie’s nappies, and serve them up with custard for him as a reward.
Sherlock’s free hand moved to cup the side of John’s face, and the detective sighed as he broke back from their kiss, leaning forward to rest his forehead against John’s.
“Jealous are you gorgeous? Mmmmm, what the fuck for I won’t know, because as I recall, you were well and truly satisfied when I met you a few hours later and threw you down on the…”
Looking over his meagre collection of DVD’s, which now sported the works of complete works of Paddington Bear and Madeline, he put on some superhero movie he’d already seen before, watching all the way through to the last of the credits.
Sherlock gave a small whine, scrabbling at John’s embrace until he could draw back a little, continuing to yank John’s shirt up until he managed to pull it up and over his head. John, taking the hint began to work on Sherlock’s dress shirt, lovingly stroking each small patch of pale chest that the straining buttons released.
Sherlock finally appeared back at 221B just as John had finished cleaning up the mess Rosie had made of lunch. The detective was draggled, dressed in the same tight clothes he’d been in the night before, although the shirt was wrinkled beyond all hope. John’s heart sunk further in his chest as he watched Sherlock shrug out of his coat, noting the bruise on the back of his neck… and the odd stains on his trousers. The detective clearly hadn’t slept much, if at all, and he smelt exactly like you’d expect from a man club hopping through London’s finest, but he still knelt down to Rosie, who was back under her butterfly mobile, squawking in delight at the attention being paid to her, and persevering with her dental obsession by tugging at his teeth.
John resolutely picked up the jar of sugar, sniffing it carefully and tasting several grains with his tongue before spooning it into Sherlock’s cup, ignoring the voice blasting through his head that told him to pick Sherlock up by his arse and drag him into the bedroom, fucking him into the mattress until every mark Iain bloody McKelpie had ever left on him was well and truly erased.
He brought his hand up hesitantly, to cup the back of John’s neck, pulling him slowly down to give him time to pull away, carefully bringing their faces together, nodding slowly. He met John’s lips gently, both of them just brushing against the other, almost mimicking the actions of a kiss. Warmth was spreading through his stomach, he shifted, moving to sit up properly, tangling his limbs with Sherlock’s as they huddled on the couch, hands locked together, slowly moving their lips, exploring.
The Scottish bastard and Sherlock wandered back into the kitchen, staring at the congealed yellow substance that John was currently trying to force into his daughter, but which was currently making it’s way onto the floor and John’s shirt respectively. Iain was at least polite in his declination, Sherlock picked up the spoon and looked at it as though he was evaluating the number of days it would take to become a suitable source for mould cultures before waltzing into his bedroom and slamming the door.
“Mmm. How long is he staying for again?”
Rosie wailed from her high chair, and John abandoned the wooden spoon to scoop her up, jiggling her against his shoulder as he walked around the kitchen, trying in vain to get her to quieten down.   No use. He was trying to keep macaroni from burning with one hand, soothing the other hand down Rosie’s back, walking back and forth for a total length of two feet so as not to leave the stove, while eavesdropping into the conversation still going in the living room, which had somehow gone from photography chemicals, to blow jobs given in the dark room, to Sherlock quietly reminiscing about something John just
The wanker laughed, eyeing John lasciviously, and it took everything John had not to shut the door in his face.
John tackled the man, hurling him onto the couch and let all of his body weight rest along Sherlock’s bony length, one hand firmly clapped over chapped lips. Not a fucking hope in hell was that sentence going to be allowed to go where John thought it was.
Plugged his mobile into the charger, just to make sure it didn’t go flat.
He was distantly aware of Mrs Hudson fussing with the kettle, keeping half an ear on her describing the various places they had been and people they had chatted to and things that Rosie had tried to eat, and one ear on the shower, waiting for the water to stop. Rosie was also making a valiant bid for his attention, now making a serious face to show him she meant business, carefully picking up one leaf at a time from her collection inside the pram, and shoving it into his hands.
It was stupid to be fussing. Sherlock was a grown man, and he obviously knew Iain well if any part of the evenings… innuendo’s had been true. Iain gave off every possible vibe of an arsehole who bed hopped like a horny dolphin, but he didn’t seem dangerous. Hell, John’s bloody daughter had taken a shining to him, wasn’t that supposed to be the ultimate sign?
John stared. And kept staring.
Except for the part where he was seething so hard that his own saliva had started to foam through his teeth and he’d been forced to go wash the assorted chemistry equipment in the kitchen sink before he gave the game away.
, and
“He’s only here for the rest of the week so I’ll just go over to the hotel, and you won’t have to deal with him, so it’s all fine, right?” His voice was definitely beginning to edge into an angry tone, and John stood there, gaping slightly over his cup of tea as Sherlock huffed and made his way to the bathroom. “I’m going to have a shower, and then head over to Bart’s. Molly called about the length of abnormal intestine I wanted.”  The words were practically spat over his shoulder as he walked away, the bathroom door slammed, and the pipes clunked in the ceiling as the shower started up. John looked at Rosie, as she stared sadly in the direction Sherlock had gone. He sighed, watching her try in vain to pull her legs up under her so she could crawl in the same direction, but not coordinated enough to achieve it.
Rosie’s bottle dropped to the tray of her highchair, the baby evidently deciding she was now too tired to drink from it herself, even with the promise of the food it contained. She was beginning to slump similarly to Sherlock, having run out of what John had assumed was a near-constant stream of energy and chatter. He smeared an apple scroll with jam and placed it directly in front of Sherlock’s nose where he couldn’t miss it, before scooping his daughter out of her chair and carrying her upstairs, changing her into a clean sleep suit before lowering her into her cot, sitting down against the bars to look at her. She was lying on her back, head turned to John, tiny and fragile and falling asleep in front of his eyes, her little breath puffing in and out as John poked his hand through the bars and began to rub her tummy.
It was a peaceful morning.
Warmth exploded out through John’s chest, the sick churning that had lasted through his own confession entirely replaced by love for the shaking beanpole who was clinging to him, letting his actions show John what he didn’t know how to put in words.
They stay there for almost half and hour, quietly dozing as they lie comfortably tangled, bodies cozily warm in the light from the late April sun, thoroughly stuck together but not caring in the slightest. It’s only when Mrs Hudson opens the front door, and Rosie’s cheerful babble echoes up the stairs do they shift, wincing. Sherlock stumbles sideways of the couches and John smirks a little, before he heaves himself of the couch, pulling the other man into the bathroom and turning on the shower, before their landlady decides to come up the stairs and catch them in what really would be a compromising position.
Cleaned out the fridge.
It was a long week. Sherlock kept his word, Iain MacKelpie did not come back to Baker St that John knew of. Sherlock would disappear in the evenings and not come home until midmorning the next day, rumpled and tired.
“Ah, fuck me,” Iain announced, waltzing into the kitchen like he fucking owned the place. He started to reach for Rosie even as John snarled ”
John nodded, a dull ache spreading through him. He’d been a mess in December. Spent the majority of the time in his chair with a glass of whiskey on hand, staring at the empty chair across from him. The rest of the year was a bit easier to deal with, but not December. Not when one 6ft detective should have been springing around the flat with delight, crowing about the ingenuity of Christmas murders, and how the holidays meant people had a little more time to put some thought into their work. He exhaled hard, audibly forcing himself to calm down and Sherlock’s eyes rose a little to meet him. “Go on.”
Sherlock gave what was obviously a very heavily edited, much abbreviated version of how he came to meet the Scottish war photographer, but his glib tongue, usually such an asset to bluffing his way through uncomfortable subjects he was trying to avoid blatantly lying about was failing him today.
He was given a very condescending roll of the eyes for his trouble, but she simply sighed and patted him on the cheek, before being unable to hold her composure and letting her face pull back into it’s previous beaming cheerfulness. “Yes, lovely,” she said, as she began to make her way down the stairs. “In fact, I might go visit Mrs Turner now, let her know of the new developments. But you be good to that boy!”
Had a shower.
Immediately reaching for the dustpan before the mess could spread, he left Sherlock standing there gaping, ordering him to stay still as he cleaned up the glass, double checking how far it had spread, and making sure none had entered Rosie’s cordoned-off play-pen.
It fucking figured, that out of all the idiots in the world, the only other male human being Sherlock was able to tolerate for more than 5 minutes at a time was somehow John’s clone in Scottish form.
Tears prickled again in the corners of his eyes as he realised what Sherlock was doing. It was a very simple phrase, being repeated over and over again, gently etched into John’s skin in a way that was more permanent than ink.
“Oh honestly John, she wasn’t in it at the time! I’d just taken her out and we were at the pond you see, so we were ripping up pieces of bread to feed the ducks and all of a sudden there’s a lovely policeman running past us, I’d completely missed the pram rolling down the hill, and it didn’t even really get wet, you see? Didn’t even make it to the water.”
An hour and a half later, John put Rosie to bed, resting her against his shoulder as he gently waltzed around the room, singing as best as he could in a low voice, patting her back as she snuffled, making sure the nightlight was plugged in before slipping out of the bedroom to the sound of her soft, hiccuping snores.
John smiled; he liked the prospect of Sherlock sleeping in the same bed as him even if they weren’t intimate yet.  It was nice to share Sherlock’s bed and have the detective all to himself in a way he never thought possible before.
Their first kiss happened accidentally.  Sherlock was actually cleaning up his mess in the kitchen and was standing at the sink not grumbling for once.  He was just happy to have John home where he belonged and since he made the mess, he began to clean it without being told.
John was nearly at his wits end. He grit his teeth. “Actually Sherlock I said two, and so help me if you don’t find something to occupy yourself with, then I may resort to tying you up and gagging you so that I may have some peace.”
John took a deep breath and walked down the hallway.  He didn’t bother to knock, he just opened the door because he was in no mood for excuses as to why he should just leave.
“Fuck yes, please.” Sherlock begged and John found it highly erotic to hear Sherlock cursed usually due to the fact that he refrained from it.
“John, I think we both… ahh … know that answer… oh my God you have to do something, this is intense.  I feel like I’m going to burst.”
Sherlock smiled and reached out and stroked John’s cheek.  “If that’s what you want, then come here.”
“Alright, I’m still upset at you, at me, at Mary.  I can’t get around some of the things that have happened or that I’ve done, and I can’t see how you can let things go so simply when they weren’t simple.”
~ Sherlock
“Look, I know this is sudden and all, but I think we’re finally both on the same page as far as where we would like things to proceed from here.”  John reached across the table again and grasped Sherlock’s hands in his, rubbing circles on the back of his palms.  “It’s New Year’s and I thought tonight we might start it new together, as a couple, see where things go.”
business, but he was bisexual and very attracted to and in love with Sherlock and after the past few years, he felt positive Sherlock felt the same way.
“Are you sure, things will be different after this, this isn’t just a one off for me.”
“She’s part of you John and will always have a home at Baker Street.”  Sherlock managed to say as he was trying to memorize how John’s hand felt in his, so warm and real, better than he could have ever imagined.
Sherlock said nothing and when the answer didn’t come that John was waiting for, he threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s slicked hair and tugged, “answer me.”
“John that’s ridiculous, to blame me…” Sherlock began in a huff but John stopped him.
“It’s all I want John.  I know things won’t be exactly the same, but maybe in time they will be.”
“It’s just this is something I’ve want for so long, in fact dreamt about it.  Wondered if you ever thought about it.  And now here we are, sharing a bed and I just want you to wrap your arms around me and hold me and tell me everything’s going to be fine.”
“Please John, keep going.”
She creased her eyebrows and took a quick walk through the flat.  “We should be able to include it in the sale, it’s all good quality furniture, barely looks used.”
That day, John had packed all his belongings and returned to his rightful home at Baker Street after burning the manila envelope and all its contents.
“That’s where you were wrong, I wasn’t sleeping, I was simply lying here listening to you, waiting for you to wake.” Sherlock mumbled the lie.  He had in fact been sleeping but he woke when John shifted positions and gasped.
“I know you have some issues you feel we need to discuss before this can be right for you and now seems like the opportune moment.” Sherlock said as the kettle clicked off and he poured their tea.
All Sherlock could do was nod his head and touch his lips where John’s lips had been previously.  Tonight was the beginning of a whole new chapter of their life.
I love you.
“John, I couldn’t take my eyes of you now if I tried.  What a sight you are, I should film this, let you watch afterwards so you can see how desperate you are for my words and for me to watch.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“Yes, it’s fine.”  John replied sorrowfully, “Same as it’s always been unfortunately.” He finished quietly more to himself than to Angelo.
“You think?!” John said angrily.
John snuggled in closer to Sherlock’s chest.  “You make me happy.  You always have.  Somehow we just lost our way from each other.”
“Mmm, I have no arguments there.”  Sherlock agreed, pulling him down into a heated kiss.
made references of a sexual nature. Not even jokingly.
They made their way back to their tents and turned in for the night, after cleaning up the cans and making sure the fire was out.
John leaned forward claiming his lips, when he finished the kiss he mumbled against Sherlock's swollen lips, "A story for another time perhaps, though I'm sure you're not interested in my past conquests, even the male ones."
John knew it was hard for the detective to express his feelings with words so he kissed him again. Softly at first, his hands finding their way to Sherlock’s waist. John felt Sherlock’s hands wrap around him, one hand resting on the small of his back and the other on the back of his neck. John felt himself being pulled closer, and when the chair impeded that, Sherlock pulled him up so that John was now straddling him.
“I almost forgot, I have something for you.”
“So, Miss Whitson, John won’t be needing most of his furniture so would it be possible to include it in the sale, or should we pack it off to a consignment shop?”
“I swear, I only read the first page, and then put it down, it was your private journal and I know how you feel about your privacy. Although I did flip through and look at the dates.  It took you six months to forget me.  So I can only assume that’s when Mary came into your life.”
“That’s it love, let it all out, so beautiful and all for me,”’ and John slowly stoked him through each wave of his orgasm.
“Thank you, that was the best night’s sleep I’ve had in I don’t know how long.”  He was wearing the extra set of clothes that he kept at Sherlock’s for emergencies.
Sherlock looked through the window.  He saw a black sedan pull up and a smartly dressed woman get out with a briefcase.  “Ah, speaking of the realtor, this must be her now.”  Sherlock moved himself and John to the front door to greet her.
“Hmmm?” was all John could manage for an answer.
And John pulled back and smirked, I should write this down on the calendar as the day Sherlock Holmes begged.
He got the tea and turned to hand it to John.  John had the brightest smile on his face, the one that was reserved specifically for Sherlock.
‘I wouldn't want to share this with anyone else, Sherlock.'
John crossed the bedroom and pulled his jumper off and unbuckled his belt but left his flies intact for now.  “Sounds like a win/win situation for me.”
Excuse the brevity of this chapter.  It's meant to be a transition and the muse isn't cooperating as much as I would like him to.  Hopefully this will ease me back into the story, I just wanted to let you guys know that I haven't abandoned it or given up on it, it may just take longer than usual between chapters.  And thank you for being patient.
Sherlock’s brain nearly went offline, “no,no, this is fine for now, in fact I’d always wondered what  it be like to have this.”
“I understand that now and I know I still haven’t answered your question, why I chose her if it’s you that I really wanted.  I’m not sure I can adequately explain it but I will try and please do not see it as me trying to place blame elsewhere, because that’s not it.  I felt stuck.  I was so unbelievably mad at you though so relieved you were back that all I wanted was to come back home to you but then there was Mary and you were so intent that I stay with her that I couldn’t fathom it.  I mean you wanted me by your side to help with cases and the like but not at Baker Street where I should have been.  I should have insisted but I was just so glad to have you back that I didn’t want to push you away.”
Sherlock moved his one hand from John’s shoulder and took his cock in his hand. He began stroking himself to match John’s thrust.
“Mmm, just like that, That’s exactly how I want you and Sherlock crawled on top of his lap and John’s hands found their way to Sherlock’s waist and helped to slowly guide him onto his cock, carefully pushing gently through the ring of loosened muscles.  They both groaned.
“True.”  John said taking a sip of his tea.  “I suppose I owe your brother now.”
He lost his train of thought as he heard Sherlock breeze through the door with Rosie, quietly murmuring to her, “Maybe we can let your daddy sleep a little more, put him in a better mood so he’ll agree to dinner. So how about we get your bottle ready?”
This kiss, this kiss said so much more. Everything they were afraid to put into words. Heated, ferocious, tongues clashing, teeth banging, this was unlike anything either of them could have hoped for. They broke for a moment, chests heaving, and staring heatedly at each other.
Sherlock kept one hand on John's cock to guide him while he moved his other to his hip to pull him forward.
John rolled to the side of the bed and rummaged through his nightstand for a bottle of lube and a condom and when he turned back and Sherlock sees what he has, he looks at John questioningly. He had thought John hadn’t been with anyone, though he had no reason to expect that, John was attractive and amazing and Sherlock was pulled out of his thoughts when he noticed John grinning at him.
He crawled up on the bed now and curled up next to Sherlock.  He reached up and brushed his fingers across Sherlock’s cheek.
'This ok?" he asked, making sure Sherlock was ok with the progression.
John wasn’t sure what to think about that.  He had been curious as to exactly what Sherlock had been up to those two years but he never really questioned the nature because Sherlock came back and seemed fine, but now with this statement, maybe that was not quite the case.  He’d been so focused on himself and his pain that he never even once gave a thought as to what Sherlock had been through or how he was coping.
John could do that, though he made one slight adjustment. He moved the angle of his hips and adjusted Sherlock’s just a bit so that the next time he thrust he hit Sherlock’s prostate.
The first time John noticed the silver at Sherlock’s temple, Sherlock had been hunched over the microscope peering at a slide and John thought it was the light from the window playing tricks on his eyes.  He’d promptly forgotten about it.
Of course this had all happened during Christmas break and when we returned to school that Monday, all hell had broken loose and the children were relentless with their teasing and cruel words.  What made it even worse, is the day we returned to was the day of my actual birthday so it was like reliving it all over again.  That morning I had tried to play sick, tried to get out of returning to school but Mummy insisted I go, sighting it was unsuitable behavior for a Holmes’ boy and that I should strive to be more like Mycroft, he’d never had any of these problems growing up.  Well of course he hadn’t.  For all intents and purposes Mycroft had been born an adult and all the children had feared him, even the teachers had been frightened of him.  Alas, one does not argue with Mummy so I begrudgingly got dressed and attended school on that dismal day and it was every bit as bad as I had expected and more.
“I know.  I’m sorry, it’s just tough to decide where to begin.  First and foremost, I owe you an apology and an explanation and I’m not sure that makes up for all the wrong that me choosing Mary has done to us.  I mean, I know it’s not only that, but the rest of it all had simple explanations in comparison.  I understand why you couldn’t tell me about the fall but if you had, we wouldn’t be here at this point.”
“Yes, just a moment to… uh..to…”
John quivered at the thought, 'I can't wait.'
Sherlock blushed and followed suit. He’d had nothing to be ashamed of, it’s not like they hadn’t fooled around before, they’d just never gotten quite to this state of undress. As he dropped the last bit of his clothing on the floor, John grinned and grabbed his hand.
“Ok, the I guess it’s decided, but what about the sleeping arrangements?”
“Oh John yes, just like that, harder John.”
“John kissed his forehead, “You will hear no complaints from me.”
John turned around and looked up into Sherlock’s clear blue eyes.  I haven’t even gotten rid of Mary’s stuff.  It’s still all in the drawers and closets and...” His voice trailed off.  Tears had started to fall.  “I just never got around to getting rid of her stuff.” he whispered.
“Come on Sherlock, fuck my fist, you’re almost there,” and John planted his feet firmly on the bed and began thrusting to meet Sherlock’s movements, “Yeah that’s it so close, come for me.”
“Good.” Sherlock said.  “John, let’s get going, we have some things to take care of back at the flat.”
He pressed their lips together and Sherlock felt like he was going to explode.
John didn’t let that go by, even from the heights of bliss, “fantasies, eh”
“No one’s ever gotten that far and I don’t want to come like that. I want to come with you when you’re buried deep inside me.
“Worked didn’t it?” Sherlock asked as he watched his fingers disappear in and out of John. It was the most amazing thing to watch, well almost, only one other thing beat it and John was soon ready for that part. He drizzled some more lube on his fingers and sat back.  John whimpered at the loss.
A half smile formed across John’s lips to see Sherlock reach for the toast, that’s when he decided to stand and head for the loo.  He needed these moments to focus on what to say, not to hover over Sherlock while he consumed his tea and toast.  He quietly shut the door and paced the small space.  There was so much to say, perhaps he should start at the beginning.  No, maybe he should just let Sherlock read the journal.  No that was the easy way out.  Where he needed to start was where he didn’t want to -  with Mary, that’s what stood between them now.  Why John had chosen Mary over Sherlock.  He needed to answer for that.  He took a deep breath then turned the tap to cold and splashed some water on his face and looked in the mirror.  He looked older than he should, these four months had not been kind to either of them, but it was time to go and face the music.  He dried his face and returned to the sitting room to his chair.
“Very w-w-worth it, if you help me out and fuck me senseless once you get these damn things out of me.”
“Oh John, more.”
“You were listening to our conversation when I went to get Rosie from her nap, hence the supposed slip about Baker Street being home.”
Sherlock shook his head. John couldn’t help but noticed how his curls bobbed as he did so. He could tell Sherlock was upset, terrified even. He had to make this right. He loved this man, and now he knew that Sherlock had feelings for him as well he needed to do something to make Sherlock see this was mutual; wanted.
“My bed is certainly big enough to accommodate us both, if you were to sleep upstairs in Rosie’s room, you would only confuse her since she is used to sleeping by herself and the sofa is out for you due to your leg and shoulder, and you know how my sleeping patterns are, so the answer seems clear.”
“I’ve always wanted you. Yes of course and I want things to be different between us for a long time now, I’ve always wanted it to be us as one, not just John and Sherlock.”
“John, anything,
When he entered Baker Street, he never bothered to see if Sherlock was in.  He went straight up to his room and was startled to find a thick envelope addressed to him waiting on his pillow.  He picked it up and for a moment he had the strongest urge to march straight down the stairs and throw it at Sherlock if he was even there, he deserved an answer face to face, not one written down. As he turned and walked to his door and took hold of the door handle, John realised something.
He shifted and gasped quietly as his growing erection brushed against his pyjama bottoms reminding him of his desires.  This was becoming an issue.  Should he sneak off into the bathroom and take care of this in private or he could stay where he was and take matters into his own hand and let whatever happen, happen.
“Oh yes,” was all Sherlock could manage. He was now bunching the duvet in his fists and writhing under John’s ministrations. “More John.” John added a third finger, increasing his speed. When Sherlock began pushing himself onto John’s fingers, John knew he was ready.
“What do you say, shall we put a new outfit on you?  This one’s a bit damp.” Sherlock said as he gingerly removed the slept in garment and got a new one ready.
He was in his pyjamas and robe already and rubbed the back of the neck, “I hope this is ok.”
“Dear God John, your tongue is magical,” Sherlock managed to murmur.
It wasn’t long until he had found a pleasing rhythm, hips rocking slowly into a closed fist, eyes shut, soft moans growing steadily as he shut the rest of the world out.   He was going to enjoy this and he was going to dream that Sherlock was watching him.
Sherlock was gleeful when he called Mycroft to set up the arrangements for everything.  “Isn’t Baker Street a bit small for the three of you?” Mycroft asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and slowly began to stroke him, twisting on the way up every now and then, changing up the rhythm so Sherlock wouldn’t know what to expect.  He then moved his other hand to cup his balls and roll them in his fingers, and Sherlock moaned wantonly.  Then to switch things up, he began to stroke just the head of Sherlock’s cock, or more appropriately let Sherlock fuck into the tight circle he had made with his hand.
“I know you’ve heard every word I’ve said.  Please, I don’t want to leave.  Not like this.”
John chuckled, "I said not gay, I never said not bisexual."
(See the end of the chapter for
Finally, he reached his destination and instead of taking Sherlock in his mouth right away, he alternated puffing hot and cold breaths along the length of Sherlock’s throbbing erection. By this time Sherlock had unzipped the sleeping bag so John would have fresh air and so that he could almost see what John was doing in the dark.  When he got down the entire length. He blew some cold air on his balls and then took one in his mouth at a time and began to suck on it and roll his tongue over before laving over each one once again then using the flat of his tongue to lick up the underside of Sherlock’s erection from root to tip.  Still teasing, he tongued at the slit savouring the bitter, salty taste of Sherlock.
“You like that idea, do you?” Sherlock asked her and she answered with a happy coo this time.
He rose from the sofa, made sure to look the door to the flat and disappeared down the hallway to their bedroom.  He rummaged in the back of the wardrobe, pulling the nondescript box he had hidden from John when it had shown up last week.  He hadn’t been sure how to approach the topic but he figured if he had firsthand experience with how it worked then maybe it wouldn’t be hard to introduce it into their next session.
“Of course, she’ll take her.  She loves doting on Rosie. We've made her an honorary grandmother. Come, I’ll go downstairs and ask her.”
When Angelo took his leave again, John looked up at Sherlock, “You know it’s not going to be as easy as me just moving into your bedroom.  There’s a lot of things that are going to have to happen.  First I have to sell my place and…”
“What’s this then?”  John asked.
“Jesus Sherlock,” John whispered.
It took them about three hours to make it to Grantchester instead of the usual two, only to find it was a bottleneck trying to get into the town.  Sherlock motioned Lestrade to pull over so they could talk since cell phone reception was nonexistent.
Did you bring camping gear, there’s a place I know out of the way that’s private, that’s where I planned on staying.”
“Nnng.” Sherlock exhaled.  John would have to file this away for future use. One sure fire way to snap Sherlock out of one of his fits, suck on his cock. Definitely something John wouldn’t mind. “John, please… more..”
“I can go down and get a few slices of bread from Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock smiled with tube in hand and made his way downwards, kissing and sucking marks onto every inch of John’s skin he could get to. He couldn’t believe what John had just asked of him. When he got to John’s hips, he kissed and licked from one side to the other and John fisted the sheets and tried not to buck his hips. He wanted to make this perfect for John in every single way.
“Point taken, though I do have more than practical knowledge, but it's been such a long time.”
“No, she was certain you’d come back eventually after you had time to heal.  She’ll be delighted when she finds out.”
He continued down Sherlock’s neck where he reached the tender skin of his collar bone and began to suck, pulling the most erotic noises from Sherlock, which grew even louder as he ran his tongue down his pectoral muscle and swirled it around his nipple and then closed his lips around it and began to suck lightly at first, then increasing the intensity.  Meanwhile, his other fingers rolled his other nipple causing him to arch off the bed.
“Well I guess that it doesn’t matter since there’s only one and it looks big enough for four people.”
The look of surprise on Sherlock’s face when John joined him told him he had guessed right.  He would remember that look always, the way Sherlock’s eyes went wide, how his mouth had fallen slightly agape in confusion, then realisation as he smiled as he stood completely at a loss for words.
Sherlock once again, “Why is everyone always so surprised that I can do menial things like set up a tent?  I also packed the correct equipment and clothing I need, so I don’t know why you took it upon yourself to pack some extra things for me John.”
John chuckled, “and there’s another thing to face.  My feelings for you.  I’m not afraid of them, but for years I’ve been telling everybody I’m not gay.”
“Good idea.”
He closed the gap between them, cupped John’s face and kissed him, a chaste kiss as it were. He leaned back and closed his eyes expecting to get slapped. After a few seconds of no movement or sound, he opened his eyes. John sat there just looking at him - lost. Well this could not be good. He blew it. Scrambling, to fix the situation, Sherlock straightened up and brushed the wrinkles out of the front of his shirt.
“No, it’s not that.  I was wondering if maybe you’d like to go to Angelo’s for dinner.  Mrs. Hudson stopped up earlier and suggested we should get out for a bit and that she’d be happy to sit with Rosie.”   There.  The question had been asked and now all he had to do was wait for a response.
Sherlock handed him the necessities and they switched positions on the bed. Sherlock laid on his back and spread his legs for John. John knelt between those long legs and reached for a pillow to place under his hips.
“God you don’t know how long I’ve wanted this.”
John was all but asleep when Sherlock used the extra warm damp flannel to remove the oil residue from his back and covered him with the duvet when John reached for Sherlock’s wrist.
“I’m not sure where to begin.  It hurt me when I came back and found you with her.  I was relieved after you had forgiven me and I thought that you being with her was what you wanted.  You finally seemed to have what you wanted.  If I had not been so blind we could have avoided everything that happened with her.  I knew things couldn’t go back to the way they were.  What I don’t understand is why you would even think about suicide and you’re right, that’s not what I would want for you and I’m glad you had the presence of mind to take steps by giving your gun to Lestrade.  It would have killed me to come home and find you gone forever, so I am beginning to understand why you were with her.  He couldn’t bear to say her name.  I do want to tell you that I had Mycroft watching over you and he would have intervened if things had gotten really bad.  When I finally returned thinking that I had completely dismantled Moriarty’s network, he filled me in on everything that was going on with you and I was shocked, but it was understandable, I see that now.”
And then he dreamed of John again, the first time he’d managed to sleep more than a few minutes without nightmares or demons waking him.  They were on a beach this time.  And Sherlock was so relieved to see John he almost hugged him.  Instead, he merely asked John to talk.  To tell him how everyone was doing.  Each word reassured his beleaguered mind that he had definitely not killed his friends.  That they were all well, and unmolested by Moriarty’s demons.   Moriarty was coming, Sherlock could feel it.  “Remember the metal…” he tried suddenly, doing his best to give John a clue as to his whereabouts.  Water, from the previous conversation.  Metalworks.  Hopefully, John would piece it together.  It wasn’t much to go on though.  Especially since John likely thought these were just very vivid dreams.  But still, he hoped John would figure it out.  It was unlikely, since he hadn’t gotten the rest of the word out before he was dragged to the sea and down.
“Is it always like…this?” he asked softly.
“Because you can’t
She made note of it anyway, passing the information along to Mycroft, and Sariel.  It might be useful.
Am I terrible for having a lot of fun writing crazy Sherlock?  Probably.
“Why is Sherlock still afraid of you?”
angel?” taunted the demon, picking up another long metal pipe.  This one went through his shoulder.  The demons holding his legs took the opportunity to start pulling on the pipes, letting go of his legs in the process.  He managed to kick one as it pulled down on the pipe in his shoulder.  It squealed furiously, and the next pipe went into his leg.
Dina frowned.  “You think?”
and when he found him.
Sherlock still had dreams.  And sometimes, if John was unlucky enough to be touching Sherlock when they happened, John had dreams too.
Sherlock curled further in on himself, John clenched his teeth.  Suddenly, both man and woman were in the cage with him.  The banging didn’t stop.  New people…demons, John realized, had continued where the first two had left off.  The original tormenters stood over Sherlock.  The female raised her club high, and brought it crashing down on his back.  He fell, then gagged as the choke collar pulled tight.  The male demon was next bringing his club down hard on the broken wing.  Sherlock screamed.  They didn’t stop, bringing the metal clubs down over and over again.
Mycroft said he’d made progress.  In the beginning, he’d pressed himself into the corner and wrapped himself with his wings, shaking.  He had gotten sick every time he’d eaten, and eventually, refused to eat at all.  This, said Mycroft, was a problem.  His grace was no longer muted but it was incredibly weak still.  And that meant that Sherlock was still essentially human.  Which meant he needed to eat.  And drink.  It had taken him a long time to ensure Sherlock managed to keep down an entire glass of water.
”   According to the journals, Moriarty found this sort of no win scenario absolutely hysterical.  And it left Sherlock helpless.
Right.  Things get worse in the next chapter.  I needed to set up the Sharing system Sherlock's got going on with John, and now that I've done that....I can bring Sherlock to his breaking point.
“Well, I do like it when you beg,” said Moriarty.  He yanked the pipe out from where it protruded from Sherlock’s back.  “Beg!” he yelled, swinging the pipe, cracking it against Sherlock’s ribs.  “Beg!  Beg!  Beg!”  Each ‘beg’ was accompanied by a strong whack of the metal pipe against Sherlock’s stomach or ribs.
And so Mycroft worried.  If Sherlock had separated himself as he used to, and something…had broken, something rendered him unable to get back to seeing things from one direction, the right one, then he was drifting.  And he was seeing far, far too much, all the time.  And if some of those things weren’t real….Mycroft had no way of knowing.  And no way of helping.
“The little sister?” Sherlock nodded.  “And the water will…heal her?”  Sherlock nodded again.  “Could you…could you have done it from here?”  Another nod.  That made him a little mad.  “Well?  Why didn’t you?” he demanded.
Sherlock Holmes had been missing, presumed dead for more than two years.  A few people had never stopped searching.
“Careful,” he said.  “Make her drink.”  The water would heal the girl.  “Quickly,” he added, gesturing for the boy to go, now.  He dropped the football where he stood and started running.
“I think, for the time being, that is probably unwise.  He did not react very well to your presence before, you may recall.”  John flushed.  Mycroft sighed.  “Look.  You may remain here.  Read the journal, if you wish.  I will tell you when you may see him.  You two,” he added to Lestrade and Sally.  “Go back to the yard and fill out the report.  I will check in shortly.”
“Oh, recalcitrant today are we?”  Sherlock’s eyes hardened slightly.  The effect was somewhat ruined by the fact that he was soaking wet and shivering.   Moriarty ‘tsk’d’ again.  “Angela, Dawson.  Have some fun will you?  I want him a bit warmed up.”  The two demons grabbed at the wrist chains.  His wings swung out and hit them both, leaving them swearing. Moriarty laughed.  “Got a bit of fight in you today, that’s nice.  Keeps things interesting.  Come on.  He’s chained up.  Use your pathetic little brains.”  If they were insulted, neither demon showed it.  They went for the chains again, got another clock round their heads with his wings for their efforts.
John only saw what happened next because he was far enough away.  Sherlock’s hands, on Moriarty’s chest, moved from the shirt, slowly, then were holding his hands lightly.  The other barely noticed, enjoying the kiss, loving the fact that Sherlock’s body was reacting.  He read the additional movement as further arousal.   And then Sherlock moved, faster than John would have thought he could.  The knife, though pressed against his chest, was now being only very loosely held by Moriarty.
"Oh, I am so sorry."  She coughed slightly, then looked back at the tree to change the subject.  "It's a shame, what's happened to that tree.  It died about three years ago.  Well.  Started dying.  They're going to cut it down.  I grew up with that tree though."  She sighed.  "It's at least a hundred years old.  Lot of history there."  She sighed again, recalling picnics, stolen kisses, a tire swing that had long since been removed.  Sherlock glanced over at them.  John stood suddenly, and Sherlock turned and put both hands on the rough bark.  "Is he going to try and push it over?" the woman asked, bemused.
“Shit,” was John’s comment.  He’d realized Sherlock was going to do something stupid quite quickly after he noticed him standing by the pond.  He seemed to be talking with a young boy who had chased a football over to where Sherlock was, and that was odd in and of itself.  Sherlock had been mostly confining himself to one word answers, though occasionally, he said more.  He never spoke to strangers.  Maybe the fact that it was a child…John watched, stunned into stillness when Sherlock put his finger into his mouth, tasting the water.  And when he turned around, John had a horrible feeling that he knew what Sherlock was going to do.  He stood and started walking.  Sherlock seemed to know, and he started moving faster.  “No!” he called.  Too late.  The pond was perfect and clean.  Probably not a trace of pollution in it at all.  And there were fish.  “Shit.”  He ignored the boy.
When he woke he was in a large cage, wrists shackled, the chain stretching to the wall.  His feet were bare and his shirt was gone.  Moriarty stood grinning at the door.  “I’ve taken your phone,” he said.  “And I’ve warded the place carefully, as I mentioned before.  So your prayers won’t work.  I said I was going to ruin you.  And I aim to do just that.”  He tapped the crowbar against his hand.  “The nice part about simply muting your grace and not getting rid of it entirely or….ripping it out, is that I won’t kill you by accident.” He grinned.  “I have a lot of toys Sherlock.  A lot of helpers.  This is going to be fun.
The demons gripped the chains on the shackles, and threaded the chains through the hoops on the wall above him, hoisting his arms above his head.  He knelt on the floor, gasping.  The metal brace across his chest burned.  His wings cramped and all but screamed to be released.  Moriarty knelt in front of him.  “Sorry Sherlock.  Don’t really like you fighting all that much.  Higher please.”  They pulled on the chains, jerking him up by the arms so he was forced into an awkward crouch.  “There is good,” said Moriarty.  “We’ll be back shortly.”   It was two days.  During that time he didn’t see anyone, though occasionally the chains would jerk his arms up, or something would kick his legs out from under him, dislocating both shoulders.
“What…Who’s he? Are you with Moriarty?  Is he holding you prisoner?”
Sherlock just stared at her.  “True, Molly,” he murmured, touching her face lightly, cupping it with one hand.  “Real.”  She froze.  Sherlock was acting very oddly.  She still was only have sure he was there, and the trick with the tray wasn’t helping.  But his hand on her face…that was so very real.
“It hardly matters, does it?”
**Remliel and Sariel are the angels of Awakening, and Guidance and Healing respectively.  There is another, called Saruek, that I might use later.  I figure Mycroft could have gotten some of the lesser angels to help him out.
He couldn’t breathe for almost a full minute.  “Aw, did that
So Sherlock stopped talking to the dream John.  And the beatings associated with that stopped too.  Talking to John would get him beaten within an inch of his life.   He learned to avoid that.  And John was never real anyway.
feet, where had they come from? Kicking at his back and kidneys and legs, stomping on his knee caps and then there was a stiletto through his hand and he screamed.
John swallowed.  He still hated these….sharing sessions.  But the relief in Sherlock’s eyes afterward was always so palpable.  And John could do nothing else to help him.  He stepped forward, felt Sherlock’s hands cupping his face and bringing their foreheads together.  There was the now familiar sickening swirl of color and sound, and the moment in Sherlock, feeling everything he had felt before he was forced to watch as a spectator.
He stepped slowly away from the wall.  His heart hammered in his chest.  He took a shaky breath.  Vessel, so locked into his vessel, why was that?  He…no.  No thinking.  He took another step.  He glanced at Mycroft and at John again.  Back to Mycroft.  It took him a long time to get across the room.  He carefully reached out with a trembling arm and brushed long fingers across John’s face.  False John had always reacted if Sherlock touched him.  Lashing out with whips and words as sharp as swords.  Sometimes pressing his face into Sherlock’s hand, sometimes pressing cold lips against it, reaching out to pull Sherlock close.
John awoke to screaming.  He had been sleeping in the same room as Sherlock, and was attuned to the whimpers, he'd thought, that preceded most of his nightmares.  On this night though, Sherlock had been silent until the screaming started.  John didn't wake until Sherlock was shrieking to wake the dead, hands clawing at his stomach, red lines appearing on pale flesh, already bleeding.  "It's in me!" he shrieked.  "No! No!  Get it out!  Get it
Mycroft sent her an annoyed look.  “Sherlock has been in that particular form for sixty years.  And he never had a family.  Furthermore, we do not
He dreamed, every night.  Nightmare upon nightmare, slowly building up inside his head, and they just kept getting worse.  Mycroft didn't understand, he thought that Sherlock was getting better.  He tried to explain, but there were no words in their tongue to describe how he was feeling.  And English felt dull and heavy in his mouth, on his lips.
“No,” he managed to choke out.  “No, don’t you dare.”  Moriarty smiled.
The voice was loud and invasive and arms were tight and…Mycroft.  Why was Mycroft holding him.  He was in the corner.  His head hurt.  There was a dent in the wall.  A bit of a hole.  He shivered, and slumped, energy spent.  He was shaking.  No…that was Mycroft.  Maybe both.  Both of them?  The buzzing had stopped when the banging started, he remembered that.  But the banging had stopped and the buzzing had come back and….
Mycroft stared down at Sherlock’s barely moving body.  Though it was only barely moving for a moment.  He screamed, and started thrashing wildly.  Mycroft called for help, and Isda and Sariel clutched at his hands, pouring calming grace into him.  Finally, Sherlock did stop screaming, and lay, just gasping, still unconscious.  Mycroft touched a soft hand to Sherlock’s forehead.  “We’ll make you better, brother,” he whispered.  “We’ll bring you back to us.”
Moriarty had sighed.  Then snapped his fingers.  Four demons appeared, eyes black, mouths open in delighted grins.  They’d entered the cage and pulled the knives from his wings.  He’d struggled, but twin knives slashed at his arms and chest and he was rather easily moved.  The collar around his neck was still attached to the wall, and it almost immediately began choking him as the demons tied his arms, to the sides of the cage.  The collar had small, cruel teeth that bit into Sherlock’s neck with any sudden movement and he gagged.  There was a snap, and then, more slack in the chain.  He was surprised, but not for long.
This time, the wraith is given two weeks.  He remembers this time.  He remembers John coming at him with a gun, remembers breaking John’s neck with his bare hands.  He remembers shooting Mrs Hudson through the heart for reasons he did not recall.
It was of no use, of course, he was weak, that much was obvious.  And John didn’t like the look of his purple-red ribs.  The demons that had forced him to the bars were lashing him there, with some rather painful looking rope.  His wrists were already bleeding, and he’d barely pulled against it.  The third demon stepped forward, a fire poker in her hand.  It was glowing red.  She trailed it down Sherlock’s back, and he arched it, jerking forward as much as he could.  She played the poker down around his hips, over his arse cheeks, skimming the crack between them.  John had a sudden, horrid sense of foreboding.  John saw Moriarty enter the room, though Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to.  There were quite a few people with him.  Demons, John knew by now.
(See the end of the chapter for
At night, he still heard the screams.  Moriarty’s face swam into view.  “I’ve got Melissa,”  Melissa?  Oh, the wraith, he’d forgotten…. “having some fun with a few friends,” he whispered.  John’s voice rang out.
“I think…I will take my leave.  If you need anything at all, just call,” he said, vanishing.
our Father on Heaven’s throne and…that didn’t sit well with him.
The demons came a little later, when he just…hung there arms numb and pained.  He still managed to kick at them, until two started holding his legs down, making struggle impossible.
The real John felt ill.  What…he sounded just like John himself.  This was….he shuddered again.  He didn’t want to watch this.  He knew Sherlock wouldn’t let him look away.  He wanted John to
"My niece," she said, slowly.  "She's…could you fix her?"  John frowned again, and Sherlock mimicked his expression.
There might be better choices, but based on the very little bit of research I did, I like those names.
“Um…” she said,  “Yes.  I’m real.  And…so are you?”  He took the tray, set it on the table, and took her hand, putting it against his own face.  As he had with John.  She still hardly believed he was there.  So she moved her hands over it carefully.  She moved her hands carefully, slowly, over the scars on his shoulders and torso and arms, glancing up to his face on occasion, to make sure it was still alright.  He didn’t move, just watched her, relieved.  She was real.  She had always been real.  There hadn’t
“False,” he murmured.  “Tricks.
“Later,” he hissed.  Sherlock stepped through the doorway, and shivered.  He started moving carefully about the flat.
So...sorry.  Kudos if you actually read it all.
him there.  Mycfofts house was just…well.  It was big, and beautiful, and full of valuable things.  It was a lot like heaven, actually.  And very much not for him.  Baker Street was
He was tied down on a cold metal slab.    His wrists and feet were bound with leather cuffs, inscribed with sigils to render an angel at full power weak.  It was unnecessary on him, but it did his job.  He could feel what little power he had left being muted, stifled.  He struggled briefly, but a cruel looking man grinned down at him, eyes white and gleaming.  It seemed that Moriarty had pulled some strings to get hell's most proficient torturer here.
“You are excused.”  The three gave him a quick nod and filed out of the room.  “Dina, do check on how Isda** is doing with Sherlock, will you?”  Ameriel nodded, and closed the door behind her.
John thought he knew what was coming.
John followed him a little weakly, trying to puzzle through Sherlock’s words.  Sherlock was not inclined to explain himself, and he was glad that John didn’t ask.  He was tired.  He wasn’t fully healed yet.  Hopefully, it would be soon.  He almost smiled.  It was interesting, hoping.
Also....this chapter is not edited.  The others were, at least a bit, this one is not at all.  So....sorry for any mistakes.  Feel free to point them out.
Sherlock would get up, slowly, and make his way toward John, sending looks to Mycroft.  He’d carefully brush his fingers on John’s face, re-learning it every time.  Occasionally, he lifted one of John’s hands and smelled it.  During the third month, Sherlock started to put John’s hand on his own face, after smelling it.  John did nothing the first time, and Sherlock refused to speak to him the rest of the time.
John nodded. “I know, I read the journals.  Why does he know you are you then?”
“Hello,” he said again.  Sherlock didn’t say anything.  But then…he didn’t say much of anything lately.  He approached slowly, almost as slowly as he had approached John the first time.  Lestrade flinched slightly as Sherlock reached up to touch his face, to test it.  The flinch was enough.  False Lestrade wouldn’t flinch.  False Lestrade would press closer, would smirk, and taunt.  Still, Sherlock touched his fingers to Lestrade’s face anyway.  Just because he could.  And because he could tell that he was making Lestrade uncomfortable, and that was a little amusing.
The officers, aside from Sally Donovan and Lestrade started treating the scene far more normally.  “They’ll make the report,” said Mycroft.  “They found him.  Caged and abused.  He’s been taken to a private hospital, and his captor is dead.”  The four of them were standing in Mycroft’s house.  Sherlock was lying in Mycrofts arms.  Then, both were gone again.  Lestrade felt sick.  Mycroft reappeared.  “We have much to discuss,” he said stiffly.  “This way.”
Weeks turned into months.  He still dreamed sometimes, usually John was in them, though it wasn’t the real John from the time he’d managed to Dreamwalk.
“You like it?” Moriarty had asked.  “I got it made special.  There are two tails, you see.  One is a regular whip tail, and the other is made from a rather large sting ray..  Lovely little spikes you see?”  He’d flicked it again, and Sherlock’s hands came up automatically to protect him.  The whip smacked his arm, but the second tail managed to graze his face, just under his eye.  “Ruin my fun,” Moriarty pouted.  Then the whips struck, three, four times in quick succession.  Stomach, legs, around to the back, stomach again.  Sherlock had managed to bite back a yell, but just barely.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” he begged, voice raspy.
John frowned, then winced as he heard Sherlock’s brother’s name echoing in his head.
Sherlock was relieved.  He wasn’t the same as when he’d left.  He was
If people want to do art or something...they can, just reference the fic.
this was odd.  Demons shouldn’t be able to do this, not normal ones.  He never thought he’d be grateful for the return of James….of Moriarty.
It still was taking a long time.  Sherlock couldn’t get through a meeting with John without someone else there.  He needed near constant reassurances from Mycroft, or Dina, Isda or Sariel that John was real.  That Sherlock wasn’t making him up.  That someone else wasn’t making him up for Sherlock.  He trusted Mycroft the most.  He knew him best.
.  He sighed and slumped in his chair, rubbing his hand across his eyes.  Sherlock would get better, he told himself.  And he’d just have to be there for him.
John nodded.  “Yeah.  But…you know.  Can’t have knowledge like that getting out.  It’s…it’s a bit secret, alright?  Secret powers and all that, like the comics.”  The boy considered that, then nodded seriously.
More on what Sherlock went through while being tortured.
Set about two weeks after Sherlock was found.
“Sherlock!  Sherlock!”  A woman screamed.  Sherlock screamed too.  “No!  No you promised.  Only me, you
John started to feel sick as he read the journals.  Moriarty mentioned an ‘event’ that seemed to have broken Sherlock, but didn’t go into detail.  John wondered why.  He swallowed.  He’d have to keep reading.
There was the sick sensation of falling, of spinning.  Of briefly being in an intense amount of pain as he shared Sherlock’s body, before being forcibly ejected.  Sherlock was crouched, wearily, wings drooping around him.  They didn’t look as broken as they had in previous visions, which was good, John supposed.  His head snapped up.  Two demons came, a third behind them.  The first two grabbed at his arms, pulling him over to the side of the cage.  He struggled, John was glad to see.  Sherlock struggling was always good.
The feet all disappeared, though the stiletto stayed stuck, straight through his hand.  It shook, blood welling up, spilling to the floor.  The shoe was lifted, bringing his hand with it, and it might have slipped off, except a gloved hand grabbed the end of the heel, and yanked him up, hard, by the shoe.  He screamed again.  He was slammed backward into the wall, one of his wings getting slightly caught, bending painfully.  He panted, trying to get at least a little control back.    James grinned, running a finger along Sherlock’s jaw.  “Shh,” he whispered.  “That’s it.  Just….shh. Isn’t this nice?”  Sherlock glared.  Then, as the finger brushed his lips, bit it.  James yelled and slammed his injured hand into the wall, driving the shoe in clean to the bottom.
Fairly long chapter.
He pulled out, cock red with Sherlock’s blood, dripping with cum.  “Next!” he yelled with a laugh.
Relief was short lived, as an electric shock sent him all but shrieking toward consciousness.  The demon bitch was grinning at him still, what looked like a small cattle prod aimed directly at his heart.  He assumed.  He couldn't see much except skin and his broken ribs, red and dripped peaking out over his chest cavity.    The man 'tsked' at him.  "Come on now.  That's cheating.  Mr Moriarty won't like that at all, will he."  It wasn't a question, however much it might be phrased as one.   The male demon gently pushed the electrical tool away, and the girl stood back, setting it down where Sherlock couldn't see her or it.  And then the demon man plunged his hand into Sherlock and grabbed his heart, and started squeezing.  "I trust you are familiar," he whispered, "with the story of Prometheus?"  And somehow, through the haze of pain, Sherlock did know exactly what had happened to Prometheus.  He tried to scream but all he could d was cough.  "Sadly," the demon continued, "I don't have anything as majestic as an eagle."  He gestured, and the girl came forward again, a rather large rat in her hands.  "This will have to do."  She made sure Sherlock got a look at it, before the demon nodded.  "Put it in and close him up."
again, and finally, John had agreed.  Sherlock was quietly pleased to be going out, and John could feel it occasionally, bubbling across whatever link Sherlock (or Mycroft, he honestly wasn't sure which) had set up so he'd be better able to help.  Since they weren't touching, he wasn't getting anything clear from Sherlock, just an overall sense of general wellbeing.  John was glad to make him happy.
“It’s him, Sherlock,” he said softly.  Sherlock stood slowly.  Lestrade looked a bit nervously at the wings.
He pointed at him, and, reminiscent of the dream, began to laugh.  “False! You won’t trick me again,” he declared, “False, false falsefalsefalsefalse…” he kept going, slipping into a crouch, rocking, pulling at his hair.
“Yes,” replied John, just as quietly.  Sherlock would be able to hear them if he wanted, it didn’t matter how softly they spoke.  Or even really where they were.  Still, it felt odd to speak in tones any other than almost whispers.  “But he’s getting better.  He doesn’t need Mycroft to stay anymore, to ensure I am who I say I am,” he shrugged weakly.  “You’ve been reading the journals?”  Lestrade nodded, looking a little sick.
The voice laughed.  Cold, cruel, and absolutely gleeful.  “Yes dear.  Pins and pipes and huge needles and corkscrews and we had such fun, didn’t we?”  Sherlock groaned, and was rewarded with a hard kick straight to his groin.  His body instinctively clenched in on itself, but the pressure on his cock didn’t go away after the kick.   The foot stayed there, and pressed down.  Sherlock gasped, trying to breathe, trying to scream, anything.  The voice was saying….something, just what, Sherlock had no idea.    Then the foot was gone from his groin, concentrating instead on kicking anything else it could reach.  Stomach ribs, and then there were
It was nearly a month and a half after what John called the Pond Incident, and two months after the Dream Incident, that Sherlock decided he wanted another day out.  John had tried to steer him away from the park, but Sherlock was absolutely adamant.  He hadn't even thought about it until three days ago, when the little boy had turned up at Baker Street.  Sherlock had opened the door before John could protest, and the boy had started with babbled thanks.  "She's all better sir, the doctors didn't know what to say, and she had to be in the hospital for another week, but she's all better and your water did it.  Thank you, thanks sir, I mean, really." and he hadn't seemed likely to stop, so Sherlock had merely nodded once, and shut the door on his face.  John had gone to apologize, but the boy was gone, and in his place was a piece of paper with a drawing of Sherlock dressed as a superhero.   Sherlock didn't care, when John had shown him, though a little pleased feeling ran through John that he was pretty sure actually belonged to Sherlock.   He supposed it was a good thing that Sherlock was pretending not to care about it.  He never would have shown that he cared about something so sentimental before.  John decided to take it as a sign that Sherlock was getting better.  But he kept the picture, putting it in a box that he kept under his bed, slipping the paper  underneath his war medals and next to the last picture he'd taken with his father before the man had died.  Sherlock could claim it later, if he wanted.
“Pleased to meet you, your brother explained the situation and I’m happy to help you sell this flat.  My name’s Rebecca Whitson. How long did you live here?”
“Ah, but we should be thanking Mrs. Hudson, after all it was her idea.”
Sherlock was finally coming down off his high, and turned to face John. “I’ve had people call me a lot of things, but never beautiful.”
John nodded continuing with his ministrations, lewd noises falling from those sinful cupids bow lips and that’s when he heard the first branch snap and leaves crunch, but Sherlock was so focused on John’s fingertips to hear and much less care about anything else.
Sherlock pondered her statement a moment.  She was correct and it was the logical assumption, but Sherlock was afraid to get his hopes up because if John said yes, there was so much more he wanted.  He wanted to do it right, with them together as they should be and he was still unclear about John’s true feelings towards him.
And before John knew it Sherlock ‘s back was against his chest and he was moving up and down slowly and methodically, almost hitting his prostate with every move.
‘Amazing,’ Sherlock finished for him, 'just wait until you're inside me.'
“Only if you let me was yours,” came the response from Sherlock.
“Yes, absolutely!  Right away!  How silly of me to forget.  Please forgive me.” Angelo beamed, winking at John and realising what was happening now.  This was actually a real date, no more assumptions, no more trying to push the two together towards the inevitable that everyone else had saw from the beginning, the boys were finally taking that step on their own.  Angelo turned to Sherlock, patting his shoulder, delighted in this new development and determined to make this a memorable night for the boys.
Sherlock simply smiled, pleased that he could still surprise John Watson.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“Oh, I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Sherlock, I saw all of our lab tests and results while we were in the hospital.  We’re both clean, unless you want to use one, but I myself want to feel you, all of you.”
“Sherlock, I’m gonna…”
“John, are you ignoring me?” Sherlock stopped pacing to look at John.
Thanks for reading and comments and kudos are appreciated.
Sherlock stood and collected the mugs and put them in the sink.
They ate breakfast in relative quiet except for Rosie’s babbling.  Sherlock looked up at John, “You know,” he began, “I was thinking we could move some of yours and Rosie’s things in here today.  She’s wearing her last clean outfit.”
Sherlock gave a few more pumps with his two fingers, swiping the tips over his prostate with the last pass as he added a third finger.
He spent time licking and swirling his tongue around the head of his cock and savouring the flavor of the precome pooling at the tip.
Sherlock gave a noncommital shrug and continued staring at the screen.  “You seem to be enjoying it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John rubbed the back of his neck and looked at his shoes, then smiled as he looked up meeting Sherlock’s wide eyes.  “I did tell you that I was reserving this for special events and well, I couldn’t think of anything more important than this.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“God Sherlock, that mouth,” John moaned, his fingers twisting hair in one hand and the bedsheet in the other, and Sherlock hummed in pleasure as he set up steady rhythm.  This time, John did lose momentary control and thrust upwards as Sherlock hummed, and Sherlock placed a hand on his hip to still him because now was not the time for his captain to come, his captain had made him promises.
“Fucking hell Sherlock…” and then John moaned as Sherlock turned and crooked his fingers and gently began to massage his prostate, Sherlock smirked and leaned in and licked the bead of precome that had formed.
Sherlock swallows thickly, ‘I want… I want…’ his voice trails off as he buries his head in John’s neck.
“Easier? How…” Sherlock’s question was cut short as John began to suck the tip of Sherlock’s cock.
John shook his head and breathed out, “give me a moment.  He took a deep breath and then exhaled, “more lube.’
“Thank you he whispered,” as he took the tea and placed it on the counter.  He didn’t know why, but he moved even closer and closed the last bit of space between them and rolled up on his tip toes again, their lips so close, the closest they’d ever been.
The next morning no one said anything and they headed into town and as predicted, Sherlock had solved the case by noon.
With the next set of thrusts Sherlock was spilling between them and when John felt him tightening around his cock he groaned and it only took two more until he was emptying into the condom and collapsing on top of Sherlock, dropping kisses on any part of skin he could reach until he found his lips and his fingers tangled in Sherlock's curls again and he kissed him properly again, murmuring those three little words that just slipped out on their own.
John couldn’t lie, it was strange crawling into Sherlock’s bed and settling in for the night.  He wore his boxers and vest and Sherlock wore a pair of boxer briefs.  It was strange because John was positive that Sherlock slept naked, which means he was going to great lengths to accommodate John and to make him feel comfortable.  He crawled in the right side of the bed and slid down under the covers and duvet.  Sherlock joined him moments later and turned the light off after placing the baby monitor on the bedside stand closest to Sherlock.
That’s what they did, they talked very little of the specifics and decided tonight they would give it a trail run.  See how Rosie would be sleeping overnight and Baker Street and see how things would proceed between John and Sherlock.  The finished the bottle of wine and their dinners and Sherlock opted for the tiramisu for dessert which he allowed John to have a few bites since Angelo gave them extra.  In the end, John ended up leaving a generous tip since Angelo never accepted money for their check and they found themselves walking the long way back to Baker Street through the park.
Sherlock smiled in wonderment letting out a huge sigh wondering how he ever got lucky enough to finally have John Watson in his bed.
“So who gets to top, oh I don’t know depends on what the mood is, I’m sure we can switch.”
“Would have been a waste of money to change numbers, you would have just provided him with the new one.  There is nothing, NOTHING, he could say to justify any much less all of it.”
This weekend was special, John’s family was out of town, visiting some of his mum’s relatives. He planned on taking advantage of his luck and spending the entire weekend with his boyfriend without the annoyance or interruption from either of their families. He had planned the entire weekend for just the two of them, stocked the fridge with Sherlock’s favourite foods - all he wanted was a weekend alone, just the two of them. And the thing was, he didn’t care if they just sat there and stared at the ceiling, so long as they were together.
John smiled and snuggled closer to Sherlock’s side.  A place that would no longer be empty now that they had each other.
“No, definitely not, just let me have a moment….ahhh” John began as he felt a slick finger circle around his puckered hole. It wasn’t hard pressure, just enough to keep him interested but enough to come down until Sherlock began licking the underside of his cock very slowly.
John took him down deeper now, without gagging himself. Given time he was sure he could swallow Sherlock whole, he just needed a some more time to work up to it. It had been a while since he had last done this, in fact the last time he could recall was during the last days of him army deployment.
Sherlock noticed as well and apologised immediately.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to order for you.”
“I’m sorry.  Please forgive me.  For you I will try.  I can’t promise you much.  I can’t promise you anything really, but I will try.” Sherlock whispered.
John continued until his finger was all the way in and then slowly he pulled almost all the way out, not encountering too much resistance and then back in again. After a few more rounds, he added another finger.
John pulled himself from his thoughts and looked up at Angelo.  “Yea… fine,” he lied.  “Emergency.  Could you pack this up please and bring me the bill?”
John got up and walked to the table and asked what he needed to do.
I walked the entirety of the kennel, there were so many different breeds, in the end, there was one that caught my eye in the very last cage I came upon.  She was an older dog; the most beautiful dog I had ever seen.  She was a beautiful Irish Setter and this was to be her last litter.  It only had three pups to it and of those three, two had been sold.  I was mesmerised by the one that was left, he was just a little thing clearly left behind and neglected as the other two were thriving but I identified with him and told Mummy this was the one I wanted.  Mummy’s friend had tried to talk me out of it and she looked at him disapprovingly, ‘If this is the puppy my son wants, then this is the one he shall have,’ she told him.  ‘Sherlock knows exactly what this pup needs.  Love.  Love that he certainly isn’t getting here.’  The man agreed with her and gave us everything we would need and wished us well.
When they had stopped at a café to warm up and grab a quick bite to eat early the next morning, Lestrade told John he was glad to have him back at Baker Street.  “Quite frankly, I was beginning to worry about Sherlock, thought he’d gone back to drugs.  Couldn’t lure him out with any cases.”
John reached over and brushed the tears away from Sherlock’s eyes.  “Mycroft had found it when they pulled you out of Serbia but it was badly damaged and when he saw you were in no rush to get back to work, it fell to the side.  In fact, it wasn’t until I had gone to him to ask for his help in replacing it that he told me he actually had it, but it was in need of massive repairs.  I told him I would pay whatever necessary to have it fixed and he said he’d take care of it.  It took a while because of course he had to track down the original designer and I was beginning to worry that it wasn’t going to be finished in time, but late last week he phoned me and I had Mrs. Hudson hiding it for me ever since.  I wanted Christmas to be special this year since we didn’t have one last year thanks to my stubbornness.”  He paused, allowing both of them time to catch their breath.
But John wasn’t one to be deterred so easily, at least not when it came to Sherlock.  He had learned that he had messed up after Sherlock had returned and not allowed him the chance to explain, he had just pushed him away and now Sherlock was doing the same to him.  This was unacceptable.  He folded the letter back up and tucked it in the envelope and placed it on his nightstand.  He marched downstairs into the flat and found the Belstaff hanging on its hook which meant Sherlock was indeed there, and since he wasn’t on the sofa or at the kitchen table peering into his microscope, it meant the only place he could be was his bedroom.
“That’s wonderful news John,” Sherlock smiled.  “I’m happy for you.”
“That’s what I’m here to talk to you about.  John and I are going over to his flat to pack and get it ready for sale and we wondered if you could watch Rosie for us.  She won’t be much trouble and she just adores you.”
“Please John,” Sherlock whined.
Sherlock reached over and opened his drawer and rustled around until he found the bottle of lube and a condom and John chuckled and took the condom and threw it back in the drawer.
“God, Sherlock,” John moaned and squirmed, he then cried out as Sherlock took just the tip of his cock in his mouth and started to explore with his tongue. He tongued at the slit and then around the crown and spent a considerable amount of time licking his fraenulum and enjoying all the sounds that John was making - little cries, then breathy gasps, and then words, please and more and tease – which only made Sherlock redouble his efforts and John regret muttering the words,
I’d rather have you alive and not in my life than you with me and in danger every moment you are by my side.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
He leaned forward and gently skimmed his lips over Sherlock’s and Sherlock’s eyes widened.
John was about to question him, but Sherlock cut him off, “John, I’m so sorry but ever since that day, the feelings and everything and…” he was having trouble getting the words out, and they were definitely jumbled. He looked as though he was about to hyperventilate.
Two hours later, they were still perched on the couch, the takeaway long finished, watching reruns of Top Gear.
For posterity’s sake though, if I wasn’t already aware of this,” Sherlock swallowed thickly, “how… how would you show me John?”
Sherlock’s back arched of the mattress, “fucking hell John!” he cried.
“Good idea, she’s probably growing tired of occupying herself and would like the company.’
He kept the light heartedness going until they gave Mrs. Hudson her flowers and explained that John and Rosie would be moving back into Baker Street as soon as possible, to which Mrs. Hudson winked and said, “Tonight may as well be the night because I put her down for the evening.  She could barely keep her eyes open and I didn’t know how much longer you two would be and it would be such a shame to wake her John.”
“Good, now all I have to do is find a way to convince your daddy to move back here.” By this time he had finished snapping the last button on her outfit and picked her up.
He found that he had backed off the stoop and was now pacing back and forth,
In no time, Sherlock was rolling the condom over his very hard, throbbing cock and reaching for the bottle of lube to slick him up a bit.
“This okay?” John whispered.
Inch by inch John pushed forward till he was buried to the hilt. He began rocking slowly back and forth just a bit to get use to the sensation and to allow Sherlock to accommodate. When Sherlock pulled him closer with his legs, John sensed it was time to give him more. He began thrusting in and out earnestly, not teasing, but not hard – just a nice steady rhythm. He noticed Sherlock getting hard again and that made him start thrusting faster.
Angelo continued, “It’s always nice to get out every now and then for some alone time, especially in the early stages, get Miss Rosie used to other folks so she’s not fussy when you have to leave for a bit when she’s older.”
Sherlock bolted upright, “Mycroft sent you didn’t he?”  he was defensive now.
“I just thought I could drink some of that tea you dislike and I know that you’ve tried to hide it in the cupboard so I can’t reach it.  Do you think you could get it for me?  I’ll also make your favourite since you were nice enough to clean up the mess, you know I would have helped.”
Usually John tops and that's always been fine between them, but you never know when Sherlock might decide to stir things up a bit. It's usually after a case when adrenaline is running high but today has been an ordinary day. No cases, no experiments, no writing on the blog - just a mundane day if you will.
Meanwhile, John was downstairs shocked at the conversation he had just overheard and quickly settled in his chair again and pretended to be sleeping.  As he sat there with his eyes closed feigning sleep, he couldn’t believe it.  Sherlock wanted them to move in to 221b, he wasn’t put off by the direction in which John’s life had taken with a new baby and he seemed to actually enjoy spending time with Rosie, they were there enough, but living with a baby full time was completely different and he wasn’t sure if Sherlock realised what that entailed.
Sherlock snarked back, “well when you’ve been in the background all your life, sometimes all you want is a chance to shine in the light for once, even if it is short lived.”
John glanced up when he heard the chair scrape across the floor.  He rolled his eyes, “Alright let’s have it.  Though I must admit, I expected you long before this.”
Let me make this perfectly clear.  This is not on you.  You did nothing wrong.  This is all me and all of my short sightedness and disregard for other people’s feelings.
John.  I am so sorry for what you must be going through now.  I didn’t understand how it would effect you until I was lying there on the ground and heard your voice.  I wanted to tell you then but the process had already begun.  There was no turning back.  Your life was still in danger from Moriarty.  That was his price.  Your life or mine.  There was no choice in which to choice.  It was yours, it always had been.  You’ve always been so much more than me and always will.  I hope that when I am done securing your safety and return, you can understand and maybe even forgive me since you are a much better man than I can ever dare to dream to be.  I expect it to take no longer than two or three months, but know this John I am sorry and if I had truly understood, I would have found another way, I would have listened to Mycroft.  –SH
That was the day that I decided being alone protected me better than anything else ever could.
“Then you can punish me by fucking me good and hard regardless.”
Sherlock nodded, he wasn’t entirely sure yet.
Sherlock had handed him the vial and took the two he was starting with and started pouring his vials into the beaker simultaneously and everything looked fine.
"Now if I leave go of your hands, do you promise to be good and leave them here until I tell you that you can move them?”
I of course expected that I would be punished severely once we reached home, instead of home though, she instructed the driver to take us into the country to one of her friend’s estates.  I had questioned her as to why we were going but she declined to answer, the only thing she would tell me is that it was a surprise.  I also expected the ride to be on filled with complete silence, allowing me time to reflect upon my behavior over the past few days but she surprised me yet again.
John shook his head, he had more important things to worry about than Mary’s old stuff right now.  He cleared his throat, “Right, I guess most of it can get packed and go to the consignment shop.  Like the kitchen and all that, the furniture can stay with the flat, if the realtor thinks she can sell it like that.”
One step at a time John reminded himself as he focused back on the task at hand.
“Holy fucking hell Sherlock!”
“You want me to make love to you? For some reason if this ever happened I thought it would be the other way around.”
Sherlock smugly replied, “I needed to see if these people were truly more daft than you lot at NSY and guess what they were.   Also I wanted to see if you could camp. It was very obvious to everyone that the runner up every year always wanted to be number one and after four years he couldn’t take it anymore.”
“Besides,” Sherlock hummed, I do think you made several promises to me earlier.”
John stretched. “Sorry, next time.”
“No, no one sent me, I came because I wanted to.  We need to talk, really talk.  I want to come home. If you’ll have me.”  John was concerned about the way Sherlock looked, he had lost weight and hadn’t shaved in who knows how long and there were dark circles under his eyes which meant he hadn’t been sleeping either and by the looks of things, he hasn’t been out of the flat for the four months John was gone.  It was definitely time for John to come home.
It took all John had not to thrust up into Sherlock’s mouth and he caught himself just before he did, remembering the game they were playing now.  Sherlock could feel the tension in John’s thighs, knowing the need for more must be getting the better of him so he decided not to tease so he relaxed his himself and took John into his mouth almost entirely.  Usually he liked to build John up slowly, but John needed some relief before he could turn his attention back to Sherlock and Sherlock realised that he needed John just as badly as John needed his mouth.
Sherlock cried as he pulsed down John’s throat, John working him through his orgasm as his eyes slid shut and all he could see was bright light and stars.
“No, don’t stop,” Sherlock purred as he wrapped his hand around John’s  and worked him through the waves of his orgasm.  Smirking as the last bit dripped to his stomach, his breath coming in ragged pants.
“I just…”
“Nonsense,” Sherlock said waving his hand in the air, “he owes you for letting Mary slip by all of us.”
Sherlock tried to keep his mouth from gaping and he moved to the bed and covered the bed with two towels and kept the last to put over John’s waist.  John had no qualms about lying down and let Sherlock give him a rub down, in fact he was surprised at Sherlock’s offer but who was he to kick a gift horse in the face.
Neither of them spoke about it the next day or the other three times it occurred over the next week, but John realised, something needed to be done about it.  So instead of being blunt and telling Sherlock he should find something to help him sleep (something legal and non-habit forming), he decided to leave a pamphlet on soothing herbs on the kitchen table beside the microscope before he left for work one morning.  After that, John came home to a different herbal tea every evening and after about a week, Sherlock had developed the perfect mix that helped them both sleep and now this became their nightly ritual.  They would sit on the sofa and share a cuppa and talk about their day or anything that was on their mind.
John crawled up his body and kissed him before going to the loo for some flannels.  “If you think I’m done with you tonight, you’ve got another thing coming Sherlock. After all I did make you some promises and I do intend to keep them.”
John’s short nails were now digging into his palm, to keep him from exploding. “I doubt it.  So just tell him that nothing has changed when you report back to him how this meeting went.  I don’t want to see him and I don’t want to talk to him.”  John now raised his hand from his lap and slid the envelope back towards Mycroft.
John smiled.  Good, I may still surprise him after all he thought to himself.  He rejoined Sherlock on the sofa and waited.
For the most part, life at Baker Street had settled back into its regular routine, with one glaring absence – John and Rosie Watson.  Though they were there on almost a daily basis, John was still staying at his place and still not getting enough sleep from what Sherlock could gather as the man now sat in his chair napping.  He had sat down with a book when Rosie laid down for her nap up in John’s old room.  Sherlock had purchased a cot and a changing table and even though it was a tight fit, it had been one of his better ideas because it meant both Watsons spent more time at Baker Street, but eventually John would always leave to go home.
“Good morning little bee,” he said brightly as he walked in her room and found her standing in her crib holding her favourite blanket.  “Should we get you ready for the day?”  He asked picking her up and taking her to the dressing table.  He pulled out the last outfit that was clean and changed her nappy and got her dressed.  He would suggest to John that they move more of their belongings to Baker Street.
Soon enough Rosie was asleep, and Sherlock put her in her cot and turned the monitor on.  They turned the light off and quietly shut the door and drifted quietly down the stairs, holding each hand, John following Sherlock.  When they got to the sitting room, John tugged gently on Sherlock’s hand, pulling him back towards him.  It was now or never.
Sherlock grinned and headed down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson’s after planting a kiss to the top of Rosie’s head.  She reached up after him but couldn’t catch hold of him, so she giggled as he left.
John looked at Sherlock, “I’m not even sure what to talk about or where to begin.”
“You know, for a genius, sometimes you can be a little bit slow.  I want you to make love to me.”
Sherlock’s breathing hitched, “let me dry my hands and I’ll get it for you and I would like a cup of tea as well. Also there is no reason for you to help, I made the mess, it’s mine to clean up.” Sherlock finished, his voice shaky, he was hoping John didn’t notice all he wanted this moment to last, it felt surreal to have John pressed against him like this.
You see John, there have been two events in my life that have defined me and that I will never forgive myself for.  You know the second one as you were a part of it and I still don’t understand why or how you chose to forgive me for it because I have yet to forgive myself.  I have my suspicions that Mycroft may have had a hand in it, it seems he always does in instances such as these, claiming that he only does so because he cares and knows I am incapable of making the right decision.  It seems to be the general consensus.  But I do know this, the fact that you can see your way to forgive me when I cannot, makes you the better man John Watson, and makes me unable to live up to the vow of becoming a man of such stature.
“You’re welcome.  So, did anything else of interest happen today?”
John watched intently as Sherlock hovered above his flushed erection, he could feel the warmth of Sherlock’s exhales on his skin and he shivered, reaching out with one hand and weaving his fingers through Sherlock’s dishevelled hair and nudging him closer.
‘Come on,’ he said as he pulled him up the stairs and into his room. They fell to the bed laughing because they were still wet and shivering so John pulled the covers back and they disappeared underneath them.
John looked at him and chuckled, “well you do look like you’re in dire need of release, I won’t lie, your cock is straining and you are stretched so wide, I think I could pop those from your arse and fuck you something proper, though I don’t know if you really deserve that.  I mean why would you do this without me?”
Thanks for reading. As always, kudos and comments are appreciated.
“Sherlock, you ok?”
“Oh, I think I'll be spending more time in my bed now that I have you to share it with.”
Now John was placing kisses along Sherlock’s long, pale neck, confessing his desires. ‘I want to be perfect for you.’ His fingers softly skimming down Sherlock’s sides, making him squirm and smile. Sherlock’s long fingers in turn running up John’s back, silently asking, no begging him for more – for everything.
He knew Sherlock had gotten in only a few hours earlier from a dinner party at Mycroft’s – thank goodness John had been needed for a late shift at the clinic that evening and there was no chance of him getting away since he had missed more than half a dozen shifts the two weeks prior and the clinic was shorthanded, he hadn’t even bothered to ask and thankfully Sherlock hadn’t guilted him into going along.
Sherlock was beginning to see and understand John’s reasoning, but it did little to explain why he still chose Mary then.  “I couldn’t tell you.  The danger it posed was too great.”
Sherlock blinked, several times in fact, his mind shutting down for several moments before it worked out what John had actually said.
It took Sherlock no time at all to set up his tent and place everything in order.  John was actually impressed.
The next thing he knew their lips were together and Sherlock's legs were wrapped around his waist and he was slowly rocking in and out of Sherlock at a languid pace. Between kisses and nips of lips Sherlock was murmuring 'yes John, just like that' and 'oh God right there' and the next time it 'was deeper, please.'
John’s hands found their way to Sherlock’s arse on their own volition and pulled him closer.  How could he turn down the man above him?  He ran his fingers up Sherlock’s back and wove his fingers into those dark curls and tugged him up for a kiss causing Sherlock to groan.  Their kiss was searing and their tongues battled for dominance until they had to break for air and John panted, “do you want to be on the bottom or do you want to ride me so I can watch your gorgeous body take control?”
“God John, please, I need you. Please John.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrow intrigued.  “And what kind of things did you have in mind?”
“Easy enough John said, but are you sure it’s safe?”
“Fucking Hell John!” Sherlock cried out, but not complaining.
“You should ask him Sherlock.  Maybe he doesn’t realise that’s why you’ve gone to all the trouble.”
Sherlock nodded wordlessly and John undid his flies and kicked his jeans off.  He settled between Sherlock’s legs and mouthed at his erection as he began to pull the beads one by one from his body.  “Christ Sherlock, look at you, all ready for me.”  He marveled as he crawled up his body and grabbed the tube of lube and slicked his own erection.
Sherlock blushed, “I take it none of your other lovers…”
“Can’t we do this separately?”
kudos and comments are always appreciated and thanks for sticking along.
None of them said a word but they were all shocked to watch Sherlock’s handiwork.  He quickly set up all three tents and found some wood for a fire pit for them to keep warm until they decided to turn in for the evening as it was getting dark.
John ran his nose down the long span of Sherlock’s neck, huffing warm puffs of breath as he went, his tongue licking here and there.  When he reached Sherlock’s collar bone, he kissed along the length, then down his shoulder to the crook of his elbow, before moving back up his body to the hollow of his neck, tongue darting out to lightly graze at his peaked nipple as he went.  Sherlock arched his back in anticipation of more, his hands raking up John’s back who had somehow now managed to position himself between Sherlock’s legs and effectively pin the lower half of his body firmly to the bed.
Sherlock smiled down at Rosie and pulled the empty bottle from her mouth.  He smiled and winked at her and quietly whispered, “your daddy said yes!”
“Are you sure?” he asked propping himself up on his elbows.
“Rosie will be taking John’s old room and John will be moving into my room.” Sherlock exclaimed.  It’s the perfect size.”
“I could get Mycroft’s people to handle it, save you the headache and they’ll get you top dollar.”
He knew John would never take something like this on if he harboured the slightest doubt of it not working. Maybe, just maybe this could really work after all.
Of course now John’s mind was flooded with thoughts. Thoughts he should not be entertaining, but damn it Sherlock had started it. All he could imagine now was Sherlock trussed up to his bed, all laid out so that John could do as he pleased.
So I completely understand if you want to leave.  In fact, I am begging you to because I don’t deserve you.  I cannot give you what you need from a relationship, I wish it could be different, but I know it never will be.  I know it is something beyond my capability.  Please don’t be angry with me or yourself for that matter.  You wanted us to be open with each other and that’s what I’m trying to do now.  This is me saving your life once again John because if you stay with me, there is nothing but ruin ahead.  I hope you can understand that.
“Absolutely or I would not ask you.”
Sherlock picked her up and headed down the stairs and made for the kitchen.  “Let’s get your bottle ready, what do you say?”  Rosie clapped her hands and cooed.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John’s forehead.
Once she had left, Sherlock had risen from his chair, sped to his bedroom and changed into some more comfortable clothing, his pyjamas and light blue dressing gown.  John shook his head as he plopped down on the sofa and took up his thinking pose.  John strolled over to the couch and bent forward, leaving a kiss on his forehead and a ruffle to his curls.
“I seem to remember we agreed to ease into this slowly so that’s what I was trying to do.  Though you’re right, everything does seem a bit surreal.  It’s rather like a vivid dream that I hope I won’t wake from.”
Sherlock nodded and John left to get some bread from Mrs. Hudson.  When he came back upstairs he put the tea on and got the toast ready.  He made the tea just as Sherlock liked it and lightly buttered the toast and took it in and sat it on the coffee table.
Sherlock couldn’t help the emotion he was overcome with, “It’s perfect John, absolutely perfect.” He squealed as he swept John off his feet into a hug and swung him around.  “This is the best Christmas present anyone’s ever given me.”
John shook his head.
“The way I look, but I’m not wearing the tux?” Sherlock asked wrinkling his nose.  He certainly didn’t look like he normally did.  He had noticed the greying streaks at his temple while he was brushing his teeth before turning in, he had made a mental note to call his hairdresser later in the day to have it remedied.
“Counting on it,
‘Hey,’ John says quietly, pulling Sherlock’s face up with his fingers under his chin so their eyes meet. ‘Sherlock, you don’t have to hide from me, whatever you want, if you want to stop and just lie here together we can…’
They were passing a flower stand and John stopped to pick up Mrs. Hudson a nice bouquet of colourul spring flowers.
Sherlock wondered why and wondered how to bring it up.  John was surely more comfortable here and Rosie loved it, Sherlock didn’t know why John continued to torture himself by going home each evening.  As he sat listening to the static on the monitor he was making a list of ideas in his head of how to bring John back to Baker Street for good.
’ part of me did too.  I didn’t want to accept it.  I kept thinking it must be a trick, some sort of sick joke.  I begged for you to come back and you didn’t.”  John could feel the tears welling in his eyes and he certainly didn’t care when they started to spill, he needed this off his chest.  “I was so lost and angry that I couldn’t stop you that I wanted to join you and believe me, I tried several times but I couldn’t in those first few weeks because what if you came back with some unbelievable story to explain it all away?  So I gave my gun to Lestrade, I threw myself into work trying to get through each hour at a time.  By the end of those six months I had to make a decision.  That you were gone for good and I should join you or to try and move forward with my life.”
“I have never been sure about anything more in my life other than the fact how much I love you and how much time we have wasted.”
“Ok fine, but so help me anything goes wrong and I won’t be very happy with you.”
“I…I … want you to… um” Sherlock stammered.
“Well I don’t expect our daily routine to change much, and I will respect any boundaries you set regarding cases and such. I don’t expect dates or any such nonsense as you would label it. As far as it goes, anything that happens between us can stay behind closed doors if you wish. Did I miss anything?”
Sherlock melted into the bed as John moved down his body, kissing and licking every exposed inch of skin, stopping and sucking on each nipple, causing Sherlock to arch his back off the bed.  He kissed down his stomach to his navel and then licked the tip of his cock, there was no more reason to tease.  He gently sucked him between his lips and took things slow, no need to rush things and have it over so soon, Sherlock had just made him feel like he was in heaven and John was going to do the same for Sherlock.
Sherlock drops a finger to John’s lips, silencing him and shaking his head no, ‘I want all of you John, now and always.’
That was all it took John began to spurt and coat their stomachs with ropes of come.  Sherlock slowed his hips and worked John through his orgasm pulling out right before John became too over sensitive and kissed him deeply once last time before rolling off John onto his side, gently placing his leg over John’s lower legs and his arm across his stomach.  He was still hard, but didn’t say anything, he wanted John to enjoy every moment of this, he could wait until later for what John promised him or slip into the bathroom and take care of himself. Until John surprised him rolling Sherlock to his back and crawling on top of him and kissing him gently and then down his neck sucking at the tender spot just below his clavicle and Sherlock moaned.
"Should I..."  John began.
John thought,
“I have to agree with you on that, we’ve been through the worst you can go through – several times at that and survived – the rest should be smooth sailing.”
“Oh it’s perfectly safe, I just need help pouring some liquids together and it needs to be all at the same time, but I don’t have enough hands.”
“Yes, I know John, but I much prefer we talk about things because there are things I have never told you about my time away.  Things that need recounting.  I just can’t hand you some journal and say, here read this you’ll understand.  That does not mean I don’t value or understand the importance of the choice you’ve given me by allowing me to read the journal, it’s just I can’t offer you the same.  If we do this, it should be done equally, the same.”
He stretched and looked over to where Sherlock sat with Rosie and smiled and said, “Hey,” reaching down and picking the book up and closing it and putting it on the stand, he stood and stretched again. “I can take her so you can get back to your slides.”
“You are so beautiful, do you know that?” John asked as he placed a kiss on his temple.
“You incorrigible prat,” John smirked as he grabbed Sherlock’s upper arms and hauled him upwards bringing their bodies flush allowing for some much needed contact until John grinned slyly and rolled them, pinning Sherlock beneath him.  “You do realise I’m going to make you pay for that, yes?”
He leaned forward and slid their lips together avoid bumping into Sherlock’s nose, and making him forget anything but the kiss. He licked those plush lips and wriggled his tongue inside and explored as he lined himself up expertly with Sherlock’s cock and in one go took him in completely.
“And we can discuss them all later when…” and Sherlock picked this exact moment to slip in another finger, and then after a little addition of more lube a third joined.
“Well,” John intervened, “it’s just like Sherlock said, the poor fellow must have been so depressed about his entire life that he finally snapped.”
“Ready for me?”
They slept in each other’s arms again that night.  John didn’t think he would ever get enough of this.  The feel of Sherlock’s arms around him, the smell of Sherlock’s hair.  It was too good to be true, but this was his life now and he was over the moon.
Sherlock’s fingers scratched his way down the upper half of John’s back as he begged for more and John licked back up and took him in his mouth, this time sliding half way down his length and rubbing his fingers over his perineum before sliding them back to Sherlock’s furled hole and circling gently at first and working his way up to prepare Sherlock for when he pressed forward with one finger.
John groaned, “Fuck Sherlock, if you don’t soon…” and words were lost as Sherlock sealed his lips around heated skin and slid down John’s length about an inch.  John’s head fell back now against the pillow and he groaned louder as he felt Sherlock’s mouth slide upwards and then down again a bit further, then up again, stopping to working the sensitive skin of his frenulum with his tongue and Sherlock groaning in delight when John’s fingers clenched in his hair pulling it tight.
Sherlock couldn't believe John's request
Downstairs John himself woke, to find the novel sliding off his chest onto his lap.  He stretched and looked around finding no sign of Sherlock which was odd until he heard the conversation through the baby monitor.
Of course, one appeared out of nowhere as if especially waiting for Sherlock and they got in and gave the cabbie the address.  John looked at his watch, “the movers are going to be there already.” he stated.
“I think it’s a bit obvious John.  I love you.  We all make mistakes.  I could ask you how you could forgive me for Mary and Eurus.  It’s the same thing.  You love me and that’s all that matters.”
“And it doesn’t bother you?”
“That sounds fine.  We should really be able to get everything out today, if that makes it easier for you.”
Sherlock grinned, “That would be fine Angelo.”
This threw John. He blinked his eyes several times. “What the hell is going on here?” He demanded.
John smiled, “I know we still have things to work out and you’re right, it won’t be exactly the same, but I want to try.  Can you do me a favour though?  I give you permission to read my journal, I’d like it if you would, it will help you understand, better than me trying to explain it to you with words.”
All Sherlock could reply was “Perfect.”
“How long?” John inquired.
And all the fear and inhibitions start to fade into the background because this is comfortable, it's right – natural. Sherlock becomes bolder with his movements and John’s hands fall to his thin waist and pull him closer until they feel like one. As their bodies merge, Sherlock’s breath hitches and their kiss breaks, the enormity of this closeness hitting Sherlock like a punch to the stomach, he pulls back a little.
“I don’t think it quite matters on that subject as everyone already assumes us to be a couple.  I was only ever trying to keep them from gossiping because I thought you didn't want this.  Thought if I made it clear that I wasn't interested, they wouldn't talk, but as you say, people do little else.”  John confessed
John inhaled deeply.  Sherlock hadn’t meant to bring Mary up and he was kicking himself for doing so.
John nodded, accepting Sherlock’s answer.
John released the breath he’d been holding and Sherlock’s breath had hitched.  He was surprised and John beamed.  He loved this, being able to make Sherlock smile like this and take his breath away all in the same moment.
‘John, I can't,' Sherlock pants and John pulls off and kisses up his stomach to his lips, "you can, we'll go slow, we have all the time in the world, you tell me what to do, what you want.'
With that first kiss out of the way, many followed.  It became a game while whatever was growing between them happened slowly.  Which in all honestly was fine with both of them, no need to rush what was becoming the most important part of their lives back together at Baker Street.
Speaking of Sarah, he was extra thankful she hadn’t fired him for leaving without so much a word, but then she knew the effect this would have on John.  In fact, she was one of the few that had helped him through the tough times and kept him from doing something stupid by giving him a reason to go on – a job and a purpose – in the end she was a good friend and he was thankful for that even after their bungled beginnings, and that is why she understood the effect Sherlock could have on anyone.
John hummed as he slid his lips down Sherlock’s neck, “there’s so much you want, isn’t there?”
“Sherlock, look at me please.”
He had suggested they start their weekend with a walk around town, which was a brilliant idea, giving Sherlock the freedom to deduce everyone around them until sheets of rain began to fall from the sky. They ran most of the way back to John’s empty home and by the time they found themselves inside the foyer, they were soaked to the bone.
He ran his hand up John’s chest and shoulder to the back of his neck and pulled John closer, tilting his head and teasingly licking back only until John parted his lips and let Sherlock pulled him in closer. The kiss was heated and John ran his hands up Sherlock’s scarred back and pulled Sherlock on top of him.
When John finally settled at the table to read the packet of letters, he sat there staring at it for a long time before he actually undid the clasp.  Whatever he had been expecting had completely left his mind when he saw the date of the first entry – June 15, 2011.  He’d been expecting the date to read October of last year but the day of the fall itself, had surprised him.  Mycroft must have blocked John’s number as a precaution.
“No, I suppose you’re right.” John agreed joining him on the couch and picking up the remote.
When they arrived, Angelo greeted them warmly at the door and showed the to their reserved table immediately.  He disappeared for the briefest of moments, returning with a basket of garlic bread and a bottle of his best wine.
Sherlock could feel his orgasm coiling deep within and he was reduced to only being able to moaning John’s name over and over again.  When John felt the grip in his hair tighten again, he sucked Sherlock all the way down, and swallowed him and Sherlock thrust his hips up twice and then he was coming down John’s throat, screaming John’s name over and over.  John pulled off and worked him through each wave of his orgasm, lightly massaging his prostate until Sherlock became oversensitive.  John gently slid his fingers out of Sherlock and was up on his knees before Sherlock could blink.  He ran his hand over the slit of his cock as he was leaking copiously and used that as he began stroking himself, making a tight fist with his hand that he could fuck into.  It didn’t take long until he was coming over Sherlock’s stomach groaning
These thoughts are not good. You know how Sherlock feels, married to his work and all… Damn it, John could feel the blood rushing south and his jeans becoming slightly tight.
With that, John slowly began pushing in. He paused momentarily, checking with Sherlock again.
.  And then fuck me so hard all of Baker Street hears us.”
John smiled around him and hummed which promptly left Sherlock only capable of moaning. Once Sherlock was able to take John’s first finger easily, he slipped the next one in and this time Sherlock tugged on his hair and a moan from somewhere deep inside his chest. John pushed in further and found what he was looking for and gently swiped his fingertips over Sherlock’s prostate.
John nodded and thanked her, it was only half nine, but it was late for little Rosie.  Thank goodness for all the extra things he kept for her at Baker Street.  They showed Mrs. Hudson out and thanked her again and she said it was no trouble at all, anytime they needed a sitter, just ask.  They both laughed and thanked her again and wished her a good evening.
Sherlock disappeared into the loo, returning with several towels and the lotion and was surprised to see John stripped down to his pants.
“Then you approve and aren’t upset with me?” Sherlock questioned.
“Yes?”
Donovan frowned and said “yes sir.”
It took a moment for Sherlock to catch up. He was still in shock from John’s kiss. “Since the pool…” it came out as barely a whisper. He wanted to say so much more, but it just died in his throat.
They stayed locked together, their bodies close, taking what they needed from each other and when Sherlock's fingertips dug into his back, John moved faster and Sherlock cried out 'yes, more, don't stop, don't ever stop.'
In the end, they said their good nights and John scooped up his new jumper and disappeared upstairs to bed, while Sherlock hung his Belstaff on its rightful hook by the door and spent the rest of the evening cleaning up the downstairs and doing the few dishes left from the party before retiring to bed himself.  He had stayed up cleaning to distract himself but when he finally laid down in bed, everything he tried to keep himself from thinking finally came rushing in.  What exactly was happening between the two of them?  He tried not to think on it and willed his mind empty so he could sleep.
By this time, Lestrade had grabbed both Anderson and Donovan’s arms and ordered them back to their tents.  “I think we’ve seen enough, now let them have their privacy and so help me either of you mention any of this tomorrow or when we get back to the Yard, I will personally see you both demoted.”
John sighed and started to pull all his clothing off while Sherlock set the shower temp and then pulled his clothes off.
Sherlock groaned. “My God John, do that again, don’t stop.”
Sherlock had been pacing, mumbling to himself and John was ignoring him as he tried to read the novel he bought three months ago. John was stretched out on the sofa and did see Sherlock disappear into his bedroom and was unaware that he locked the door.
“Well, with Mycroft’s small army helping us it was hard not to.”
“You know I wouldn’t have minded if you read the notebook.”
“I love you, you know that right, this isn’t just some fling for me.” John finally admitted.
“Well this is something I never thought I’d see.”  John chuckled.
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and began to stroke as he still swirled his tongue around the tip.  Sherlock’s hands found his way into John’s hair and John pulled of momentarily still stroking, he pulled of a moment “I don’t sup….” and to his surprise Sherlock was handing him a packet of lube, John smirked “I’m not even going to ask,”
“Yes, well we all know what you chose.” Sherlock sneered, choosing to ignore John’s lapse into his old mindset of not being useful, they would talk about that then but right now he had to allow John to finish.
“Sherlock, please.”
They took their leave and headed back to Baker Street with all of John and Rosie’s belongings.  He was coming home for good.  Relief washed over him.
John cleared his throat. “You have a point, I will take it with me.  This,” he waved his hand around, “is going to take a bit of getting used to again.  You’ve no idea how I longed for it since you came back.  Even though you pushed me in her direction, the only place I wanted to be was here, doing this, having a night in, eating takeaway and watching crap telly, though it’s a bit weird when you aren’t shouting insults at the telly.”
then he expected John to entertain him.
“I know you git and you better hope that goo comes out of my favourite sweater or you owe me a new one.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but notice how John had said home instead of at Baker Street, maybe there was a slim possibility that John was feeling the same and shared the same desire of wanting to return to Baker Street himself.
“Are you ok? What… are those anal beads?” he asked as he saw the ring resting flush against Sherlock’s plush arse.
This time it was John turn to smirk and Sherlock was himself a marvel to look at.
“You’ve made mistakes?  I’ve made so many, I don’t know how you can forgive me.  I married an assassin, nearly beat you to death, got stuck on an island and almost drowned in a well.  How can you just forgive and forget all that?”
Sherlock deftly made her bottle and settled in his chair and began to feed her.  His plan was to feed Rosie and then get her set up in her play pen with her toys to occupy her so he could make John breakfast.  That’s another thing that had changed the past few months, Sherlock kept more food in the house so John could eat there instead of going to his flat.  Soon John would no longer have a flat to worry about, they would all be under one roof, 221b Baker Street.  Sherlock smiled at the thought and began to hum to Rosie.
(See the end of the chapter for
That was the day I brought Redbeard home. What should have been the worst birthday ever had turned into the best birthday ever.  It took us a few days for us to find our footing, but once we did, we were inseparable.  He thrived and we became best friends, we did everything together.  He was there for everything over the next ten years, my triumphs, to listen to me when I was sad, to go on adventures when I was bored, there was nothing we didn’t do together.
“My patience left a long time ago please,” John panted.
John nodded in agreement.   Suddenly there was a knot in his gut.  This was really happening.  There was no turning back after this, but this is what he wanted, what he had dreamed of, but his dreams never came true.  Something was surely bound to happen to ruin all this, make it all come crashing down.
“No, you’re not, you’re bisexual and the last time I checked you don’t owe anyone any explanations as far as that’s concerned.”
“Yes, but we found our way back to each other.”
He grabbed Sherlock’s legs under the knees and pulled him close. He lined himself up with Sherlock’s hole and looked at Sherlock as if asking his permission. Sherlock nodded his head.
“Wrap your hand around your head.  I want to see you fuck your fist.  Good and tight now, don’t hold back.  I want to see you plant your feet on the bed and fuck up into your hand, nice and hard, pretending it's me riding you, begging you for more.”
His phone buzzed and he ignored it.  He really shouldn’t have because it was John informing him he was on his way home, the clinic didn’t need him after all and maybe they could wrap this case up, and then enjoy the rest of their day however they saw fit.  John wasn’t surprised that his text went ignored so he just continued home clueless to what he would find once he arrived.
“Mmmm, just like that.  Now swipe your thumb over the tip.” he purred into John’s ear.
“Don’t stop,” Sherlock murmured, nuzzling into John ear. “I want to watch you.”
Sherlock almost gave him a puzzled look and now had questions but they could wait until later and set to John’s request. He slyly licked his slit and twirled his tongue before taking him in his mouth and sliding about half way down.
“You got quiet on the way back from Angelo’s after we purchased the flowers, even though you tried to remain as though nothing was on your mind.”
“Only if you promise to sleep too.”
John licked his lips and nodded, he loved being laid out before Sherlock like this.  He loved letting Sherlock get him riled up and then taking control because he could always last longer and right now, he needed some of the edge gone because he wanted to give Sherlock exactly what he asked for.
John lifted his head and looked at Sherlock now, he wasn't quite sure he had heard him correctly. Sherlock sighed, "It has always been and will only ever be you John."
“If you’d like.” Sherlock answered.
He stood up on his tip toes and cupped Sherlock’s cheeks and brought their faces close together, inhaling each other’s breath.  He breathed slowly and licked his lips before closing the gap and sealing his lips over Sherlock’s.  Sherlock’s hands found their way to John’s hips and he moaned into John’s mouth.  John licked and nipped at Sherlock’s lips.  They stayed that way for what seemed like forever, giving as good as the other.  They broke apart and Sherlock rested his forehead on John’s, his hands cupping John’s cheeks, his thumbs rubbing his jawline.
That’s exactly what Sherlock did, he carefully slid down the entire length of Joh’s cock until he was fully seated and it was killing John not to be able to move, but he was going to let Sherlock lead.”
John shook his head and let go of the sheets and went straight for Sherlock’s curls, guiding them back to his cock, “Please no more teasing. I want the real thing; I’ve dreamt of this for years.”
“Isn’t that the truth.  One of the few things he’s good for,” John said taking a sip of his coffee.  “Look, you’re one of a handful of people that actually know what happened…”
“How do you mean?”
“I’m sure it was, but I saw your face when I referred to Baker Street as home.”  He took another sip and hoped he wasn’t about to ruin dinner.  “Sherlock is there something you wanted to ask me?”
“Ruining the mood love,” John jested before returning to Sherlock’s cock bobbing his head up and down slowly while he was opening the packet of lube and slathering two of his fingers then sliding those fingers across his perineum then slid back to his tight hole causing Sherlock to drop his legs wide open giving John more access for what he was about to do.  He began to circle his furled hole with his index finger until he felt Sherlock relax and then he slipped his finger in to his first knuckle and Sherlock gasped.
“Sherlock it’s really me,” John replied as he wiped the tears away from his cheeks with his thumbs.
It was amazing and for one moment he lost his focus because if Sherlock felt like this around his finger how was he going to manage to last if he actually got to slide his cock inside him?
He'd apparently spent too much time on this thought because John politely cleared his throat and motioned towards the box that occupied Sherlock’s lap.
Mycroft laid a thick manila envelope on the table and crossed his hands over top of it, lacing his fingers together to keep from tapping them.  Very few people could get under his skin, and the good doctor was one of them.  He cleared his throat.  “I honestly didn’t expect you to hold out this long Dr. Watson, I’m impressed.”   He paused waiting for a response from John, when it became apparent there was none forthcoming, he spoke again.  “What I don’t understand is why.  This is the one thing you asked for repeatedly, don’t deny it.  Yet now you reject it.  It’s rather odd.  I can understand the anger, I had warned him that you would not take it well, but that is not why I am here.  It is not my place to speak for him or explain.  He’s been trying you know.  That’s what’s in all the texts you’ve deleted without so much as looking at and all the calls you reject.  He phones you John.  He NEVER phones anyone.  Over a thousand rejected phone calls.  And yet you do not change your number or allow him the chance to explain and I assure you whatever you think the reasons were, they are not.”
John poured a good amount on his palms and began to massage Sherlock’s scalp. Which didn’t help much because the sound of Sherlock purring as John ran his fingers softly through his curls made him hard.  He then got the body wash and began to lather and clean Sherlock body head to toe and even though there where some spots that didn’t need attention, he made sure to give them extra attention, and in no time Sherlock was hard himself.  John quickly washed himself off and turned the water off.
John complied and within minutes, Sherlock was bringing him off, John having lost all sense of composure slumped over and begging for Sherlock to finish him off like only Sherlock was aware of how to do that.
John smiled and turned off the monitor.  “Well, to answer your question, her checkup went well.  She’s on target for height and weight and she got her immunizations up to date so she may be a little cranky and we can start introducing solid foods so I stopped at Tesco’s on the way home and picked some up.”
All these thoughts ran through John’s mind as he laid in their bed missing his detective.  Sherlock had left sometime in the early hours of the morning - a break in the case - and had yet to return.  He had sent John a text, explaining he’d be travelling out of the city. Not unusual, so John paid little mind, he figured it would be hours, possibly another day until he saw his lover and that was fine, he could take care of himself until then.  It’s not like he’s never done it before, it was just so much better when Sherlock was there to help.  Actually, what John really liked is when Sherlock just watched.  It had only happened once, by accident, but John had never come like that just by touching himself.   Sherlock’s eyes locked on his as he stroked himself, silently pleading him to go on.  Then he had crossed the room and leaned over John, their mouths nearly touching, eyes still locked, his voice thick and low, telling John how to touch himself.
Soon Sherlock added another finger and John gulped and grit his teeth, tightening up around Sherlock’s finger.
“What?  This tiny bit of silver?  No.  In fact,” John rolled Sherlock to his back and began to nip at his neck, softly at first while moving closer and pushing his erection against Sherlock’s thigh, he licked up the length of Sherlock’s neck and then bit at his lobe and growled.  “It’s sexy as fuck and all I want to do is show you how extremely turned on it makes me.”
They walked to Angelo’s in silence, Sherlock seemingly in a spell – afraid to talk because he didn’t want to mess things up.  So they enjoyed the night air and the light snow that fell as they walked.  It didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock or John, the smiles that other people gave them as they walked on.  Sherlock could get used to this he thought.
Sherlock remained on the sofa watching John’s every move.  John had glanced at his plate and was glad to see he had finished the toast.  “Do you need more tea?”
“I have tea but no toast.”
He hung up the phone and beamed at John. “Mycroft extends his congratulations to us and he is at our disposal.  His men will meet us at your place at 9 am to start moving things.  Maybe we should see if Mrs. Hudson would sit with Rosie while we go and pack and get everything in order.”
“God Sherlock you feel magnificent.”
Sherlock of course had welcomed him with open arms, delighted at John’s sudden change of heart.  He never once asked why and John never offered and they started anew, albeit with some changes.  Gone was the Belstaff and John wondered but never asked, maybe he would speak to Mycroft when the time was right.  Also missing was were the cases.  They’d had some here and there, but usually at the behest of Mycroft and never any from the public because they were still hounding him, even after all this time.  He’d become a bit of a recluse and it worried John, but now that he was back, John figured they could work on that.
They’d been a couple officially now for about four months, though much longer if you asked anyone else. It had begun by sheer happenstance, a chance pairing in chemistry class of all things. What started as a simple school assignment, brought the boys together and made them inseparable.
John sat back a moment grabbing the condom and tearing it open. He quickly rolled it on his dripping prick and slathered it up with lube. He clicked the container shut and gave it a toss.
XXXXX
“God Sherlock, your lips should be illegal.” John huffed out.
“I’ll get Rosie and put her in her highchair so she can have breakfast with us.”
John thought about and agreed with Sherlock, “that would make sense,  You know I have today off from the clinic and there’s not that much to move when you get down to it, basically my clothes and all of Rosie’s clothes and things.  If we get started early enough we could get it all done today.”
‘Shh…’ John soothes, ‘just lie back and relax. I’ve got you.’ He reassures him before he wraps his lips around Sherlock’s crown and sucks lightly. John knows he needs to do this slow, draw it out, take his time. He can tell Sherlock can barely contain himself as it is because of the way he’s writhing underneath him.
Sherlock looked back down at the box.  He honestly hadn’t been expecting anything because he had gotten everything he wanted that year for Christmas.  John was home this year where he belonged.  But John loved to celebrate every occasion, holidays and birthdays, so Sherlock allowed John the holidays, but not his birthday.  Never his birthday and he always made sure it was never a possibility for the subject to come up because he always disappeared the day before and after his birthday with the usual excuse of some top secret case Mycroft needed him to work alone due to sensitive government information.  What he really did though was to go to Sussex and hole up in the family’s cottage for three days alone and try to forget about his birthday and all the terrible memories that went along with it.  Before John could ask him what was wrong, he smiled and looked up at him.
“Look,” came the rumbling brogue of the Scottish arsehole, “I meant what I said, I’ll be here for ten minutes tops. All you’ve got to do is hear me out, and if you can keep from taking a swing at my balls until then, I’d be fuckin' grateful.”
John shut the door quickly, shaking his head, making sure it was locked before he crossed back to Sherlock, who was now definitely beginning to nod off at the kitchen table. He took hold of his hands, pulling Sherlock up, wrapping his hands around his waist as the sleeping detective swayed against him. John buried his nose against the side of Sherlock’s throat, pressing gentle kisses into the warm flesh as he smiled, tracing his nose up along the pale skin and back down, kissing over his pulse point. “Come on love”, he whispered, pulling Sherlock’s arms around him. “Come to bed with me”.
He could have flipped them over, pinned Sherlock on his back on the other end of the couch, he could of rolled the pair of them onto the floor and taken Sherlock from behind in front of the window. Hell, he could move now, wrap Sherlock’s legs around him and carry him into the bedroom, not let the man go until he came screaming, writhing on John’s fingers or his cock, letting him kiss him until they both fell asleep in the tangled wreck of the sheets.
Jesusgoddamnbuggeringchrist.
He helped the man into bed, rolling his eyes as he flopped onto the covers, tugging at the bedding until Sherlock was tucked under the sheets and the duvet both, making soft, sleepy noises that weren’t entirely unlike Rosie’s. He left the monitor on the bedside table, before taking his shirt off and sliding in behind Sherlock, pressing up against his back.
He smiled fondly, walking around the table to press a kiss into the top of his wet head, chuckling as one of Sherlock’s hands wobbled up to pat John on the nearest part of his body he could reach, grabbing his hand before pressing a kiss to that too, and then releasing him so he could pour the damn tea. Mrs Hudson was beaming at the both of them, not pretending in any way to be subtle or like she hadn’t been waiting for this since the day John had moved in.
Sherlock was still faintly shaking underneath John, and as he pulled back to tell him that it was ok, that he didn’t need to hear Sherlock say it back, he suddenly found himself flat on his back, Sherlock tugging his shirt up.  Confused, he was about to laugh, try to turn this excess of emotion into something physical until he felt Sherlock trace something onto his skin. Still confused, he lay there, carefully watching the other man’s face as drew with his index finger on the skin of John’s chest.
John definitely wasn’t jealous. At all. Not a chance in hell.
“Thought you were gay”, John all but sneered, in a particularly filthy comment from Iain on a woman’s anatomy. The wanker simply laughed, batting his eyelids suggestively back at him. “Well you were fuckin' wrong there mate, nothing so fussy.” He gave a lewd wink before continuing on, “I’ll fucking shag anyone with two legs and the working equipment… Not fussed either way, really”.
Christ.
“Yes they’re beautiful darling, isn’t this one a pretty colour?” he said, careful to show each leaf it’s due admiration. She gurgled happily up at him, thumping him on the cheek to let him know of her approval, before he laughed, bopping her on the nose and standing up to settle her into her high chair.
He stroked Sherlock’s hair idly for a long while, enjoying the feel of the dried, fluffy curls slipping through his fingers. He is tired, and he does want to sleep but he wants to stay awake just a little bit longer, huddled with Sherlock in bed while the little girl that he has come to think of as
One week. He could do this.
Sherlock blinked back at him, looking a bit startled at John’s tone, so he tried to smile, reaching for two mugs and putting the kettle on. “I was just wondering, if he’s… not here”. Oh God, better and better. Sherlock had relaxed though, and tugged his fingers out of Rosie’s grip, much to her displeasure, standing up to stretch. There were the faint marks of bruises around his wrists, and John tried as hard as he could to keep the hot swooping in his stomach off his face.
And to top it off, this arsehole had just gotten back from Afghanistan. How the hell did Sherlock even find him?
“Nothing you could do would make me leave. Ever. For God’s sake, Sherlock, after all the women I’ve bought back to this damn flat – you’ve been… more than entitled. Ok? But we’re two British men, and this shit isn’t easy to talk about, so we’re doing it now. And I’m going to say this now, and then it can be your turn. And then if I’m wrong, if I’ve gotten it backwards, you can just tell me, and then Rosie and I will go stay with Harry for bit, and I’ll move out.”
He sucked in another breath, shifting his weight uncomfortably against Sherlock, making sure his hand wasn’t affecting the man’s breathing, before giving himself a mental rap on the head and getting on with it.
“Stay. And Rosie”.
Where the fuck was the tea?
With a much more high-brow taste in jumpers. Also free from residual limps, gun shot scars, and jobs where you actually have to show up on time and be able to stay awake for the entire length of time rather than fall asleep with his head on the printer because a mad genius wanker had run him and some of Scotland Yard’s finest through a piggery-turned-abattoir that saw every cab in London take one look and keep driving.
“Doesn’t matter that you’re an idiot. I love you anyway.”
The detective’s words bounced with a sharp smack through the air, as Iain tipped his head back and smiled thoughtfully. He stared at Sherlock long enough that the detective began to squirm in the doorway, wiggling his toes and attempting to hide the light red flush that was starting to stain his cheeks. John bit his lip, had to duck his head when Iain abruptly walked over to Sherlock, walking him backwards into the living room until Sherlock’s knees hit the back of his chair and he collapsed into it. John had to look away entirely, angrily mashing macaroni into a pulp in Rosie’s bowl as the Scottish man straddled Sherlock’s lap, grinding him deep into the leather. He knew his own face wasn’t it’s usual faded tan as Iain’s lilting brogue filtered back into the kitchen, softly, but not soft enough as Rosie smeared her cheese-sauce covered hand across her mouth.
“I thought it was you, at first, I thought I was hallucinating from whatever form of knock-off alcohol they were belting out from the bar. I wasn’t”. His eyes returned to rest on his shoelaces again. “He was… interesting. He never minced his words around me, never bothered pretending he wasn’t interested, didn’t make any effort to be subtle. He – liked me. Didn’t care that I deduced him, or other people. I liked it.”
John could have cried when Sherlock came back out, dressed in a light blue shirt and pants that left about as much to the imagination as ballet tights. The two men gave their excuses, off for a night through London’s club scene and walked out the door of the flat just as Rosie shrieked in indignation and threw her macaroni-covered spoon solidly into John’s face, splattering him in fake cheese sauce.
. There had been times since John had moved in when he honestly didn’t know whether Sherlock knew what sex was beyond a common motive for standard murder cases, and now he was currently rolling his head back and laughing while the fucking bastard of the hour was describing a blow job in graphic detail.
Peeked back through Sherlock’s bedroom door in case they’d come back while he was in the shower.
He seized Sherlock’s hand and drew the detective down into a kiss, wrapping both arms around his shoulders and locking them together, their bodies meeting in a heady flush.
