"Anything interesting?" Sherlock asked, shoving his hands into his pockets in what John registers as a pose. What sort of pose eludes him for a moment, though he is used to knowing these things straight off.
"That about sums it up, yeah. Anyway, I wasn't happy being strictly veggie. I like seafood, and I also eat animal products like eggs and milk. Just no land animal meat, full stop." John suddenly twitched a bit and hurried to add on. "Oh, and no, I don't mind it being in the same fridge or smelling it cooking or anything like that. A label on anything not obvious, like soup or sauce made with chicken stock, would be appreciated." Their conversation was briefly interrupted by their number being called, and they went up to collect the trays of food from the counter. After a few moments arraigning the plates so that anything John wouldn't want to touch was on Sherlock's side of the table and the sharable items were nearer the middle, Sherlock continued.
The rapid-fire sentences came individually after another lengthy pause. John had started typing after the second one.
He was also genuinely interesting: an army doctor wounded in action? The army usually kept such valuable assets as far from the front lines as was feasible. There was something there, some unspoken story, and even if the soldier offered it to him before he'd assembled enough data to deduce it himself, there would be clues in the story leading to deeper layers of this man's life. He was a heap of contradictory evidence just waiting to be teased out into an intricate picture. A perfect flatmate delivered directly to him like a bespoke gift. Sherlock could not let this opportunity pass, John Watson would be moving in with him.
"Fetch the cable," Sherlock suggested. Well, he said it with the same matter-of-fact tone he used most of the time when he was pointing out obvious things, which many people found to be demanding. John hadn't seemed to mind it so far, and two-thirds of people object to it on the first exposure, so that was a good sign for how well John understood Sherlock's meaning.
"Lay off the veteran, Donovan, you have a job to do," Lestrade prompts. John stands just on the other side of the crime scene tape and types as best he can on the slick screen. He felt fiercely jealous of the little keyboard he'd spotted on Sherlock's more utilitarian looking phone the entire time the other man was fiddling with it in the car. Why these i-Apple things were so popular and expensive when they were so badly designed was beyond his understanding. His laptop was just as bad. At least he'd used Microsoft computers before. He'd bought the silver Mac when he was still spending money as if he expected to heal up and ship out soon and needed a computer of his own to keep up with email correspondence while in hospital. They sold him some cock and bull about Apples being simpler to learn, having the phone and computer match being important for some technical reason, and that it would make both easier to use if they matched. Fucking dishonest salespeople, he should have just gotten the Thinkpad. At least then he'd be able to call up some of his old Army buddies for help getting it set up instead of standing around waiting for a ridiculously twee 'Genius' for half a day while still in a wheelchair.
"I would never dream of dragging you to a concert or movie without ensuring your interest beforehand," John confirmed. "Although seeing The Piano Guys and Lindsay Sterling next week has nothing to do with solving this."
"Brilliant, you called Lestrade?" John asked. Sherlock pushed the handle of the case at John's free hand.
The hour and a half round trip was acceptably inefficient given the alternative scenarios. Had Sherlock lost John back in Brixton and needed to summon him from his gloomy little flat it likely would have taken even longer. Sherlock wouldn't have contacted him until after he'd fully formed the plan, would have then needed to devise a way to convince John to come back and implement that plan, and finally wait for the limping man to come to him. True, having John in the room was slightly distracting, but talking to him seemed to clarify things very easily so that was a wash. John also seemed to move much faster when Sherlock was leading him compared to the pained waddling around he'd managed at other times. The white noise of the cab rides was very good for brain work and John had generally left him to it.
"Mr. Cotton was killed by the mother in an emotional rage after he found out that the meat company was not keeping up their food safety standards and started threatening to go public if the slack wasn't taken up.  The blackmail letters the aunt had sent were discovered while the mother was trying to clean up the mess, and she called her eldest daughter and lied about the motive for the murder to enlist her help. He was skinned by the elder daughter, who was an accomplished amateur chef, in an effort to erase the damning evidence and protect her mother. Any hassle the blackmail letters might cause the aunt wasn't worried about and they assumed that she would be able to provide a strong alibi to go with the lack of any evidence the aunt had ever visited the flat. Three sisters to blame, but none of them was the actual killer."
"We need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don't suppose you'd serve time for this, but let's avoid the court case." He looks around subtly as he speaks to make sure that nobody's in earshot.
"I know I've said this in the cab, but is this really the most efficient way to do this? Shouldn't we just call the police and get it done that way?" John asked. The repetition was tedious, but the comment was accompanied by swift action. Sherlock had barely crossed the threshold and John's now properly dead phone was plugged into the waiting charger by the desk.
The men who detach from their surroundings don't last long. Those who put blinders on, who seem to ignore it all: those are the ones Captain Watson worries about, the ones who trigger the parts of his training aimed at spotting developing mental illnesses. Some of the medics coming in fresh from training often look to the 'workaholic' types like John, but there is a healthy and an unhealthy way to go about that sort of single-minded dedication. He'd seen enough of it, lived enough of it, that he could spot the difference. The older set agreed with him that this new-age rejection of machismo might work in some cases, but didn't apply as much to the sort of person who volunteered for military service. There was never a lack of work in the military, so it was the perfect place for a workaholic. They thrived like flowers in the sun. No, it was those who detached that got out quickly, either through some form of discharge or in a box. Detachment, as a coping mechanism, was the true danger.
"Take a moment," the man says like he's setting up a side-show at a circus. Sherlock sighs, utterly disgusted by the ridiculous showmanship. "Get yourself together. I want your best game."
"He was utterly confident he'd always win," Sherlock mused. "That makes the challenge harder to back down from, for a large number of people. He chose his victims partially based on their psychology to ensure the victims wouldn't back down from the challenge, which he was quite skilled at assessing. His power to manipulate people, at least while they were inebriated, meant that he could be quite certain they would act as he wanted them to. In another life, he could have been a skilled mentalist or politician of some sort."
"I know who you are, Mr. 'olmes. The moment you said your name, I knew. Sherlock 'olmes," the cabbie says, wandering around the room and messing with Sherlock's belongings. "I've been on your website loads of times. You are brilliant." Tiredly, Sherlock manages to turn his head to look at him. "You are. Proper genius." Sherlock's head slumps down onto his hand again. The man is properly nuts, uncaring of who he hurts and only desiring the feeling of power he gets toying with his victims before death. There isn't much leverage that works against men like that. The cabbie turns and walks back to the table.
Doctor John Watson was genuinely interested in Sherlock's deductions and was not put off or angered by Sherlock's behavior when first meeting him in the slightest, instead expressing a mix of interest and adorable
"Yes, and generally yes, spontaneous kissing is welcome, though I'm not big on excessive public displays," John confirmed, inching closer to the middle of the couch.
He had already checked the outside for anything useful, running a bit of tape on the outside to catch fibers as soon as he could, but that would be a Hail Mary given the amount and type of rubbish the ratty tarp-covered skip contained and the wet mist that worked its way under the bedraggled makeshift cover. Fingerprints would be a lost cause on the textured surface of the suitcase as well. There were no useful marks or scuffs on the outside at all. Sherlock pulled out his cell phone to do a reverse lookup of the identification on the suitcase tag and noted the results. The extra pair of hands that joined his when he started shifting the pile of cold case files sitting on the coffee table and laying down plastic to prevent contamination halved the amount of time he had to wait to get the suitcase open. Then, he carefully opened the case, removing the items within one at a time and setting them aside. When Sherlock finished, he sat back in his chair and steepled his fingers as he ran through various scenarios to explain the items arrayed in front of him and get a proper idea of the victim's movements and intentions. The missing cell phone was a glaringly obvious clue, but it would not do to get too distracted by the obvious and fail to consider the smaller details.
"Angelo, a glass of white wine, quickly," he calls out as he watches the cab carefully in the mirror, sparing a quick glance at John to ensure the other man is paying proper attention to the correct details. "I give you the perfect murder weapon of the modern age, the invisible car: The London Cab." The cab pulls away into a narrow side street and stops just a few yards down the road.
"So what d'you think? Shall we?" Sherlock sinks back into the chair. His focus is entirely on the man in front of him. "Really, what do you think? Can you beat me?" Sherlock blinks several times, his head still swimming a little, but reasonably certain of the bluff. He lowers his gaze and picks up the pill in front of him. Both men prop their elbow on the table, holding their pill a few inches from their mouth. "I bet you get bored, don't you? A man like you, so clever. I'll bet you're not bored now." Sherlock's gaze drops to the pill in his hand and he begins to breathe heavily in anticipation. It is a thrill, and the adrenaline has cut through the haze in his head. This is the right one, he's smarter than this man - he's caught this man. He beat him once tonight and he can do it again. "This ... this right now – this is what you live for, innit, not being bored?" Sherlock continues to breathe heavily, his gaze locked on the pill. Slowly he begins to move the pill closer to his mouth. The cabbie matches the movement with his own pill, his eyes fixed on Sherlock who opens his mouth as the pill gets nearer.
John knows he’s trapped, long limbs curled around him, and he drops a kiss to the dark curls, fondly. He reaches for his phone and checks his messages, then gets to work.
Sherlock glances at him for the first time, then, affronted. “Of course, I solved it, John.” He says. “Solved it the moment I saw the body. Easy. Child’s play. You could have solved it.”
I felt a ping of guilt for not having joined him when he had gotten up from the sofa last night, I knew he slept better with me there, knew he still had nightmares, different ones then before I had let myself fall off a roof. Still, I had chosen to stay in the living room and mope.
And when we return that night, old men into that new home, we are both filled with that want for a future, for a forever, together.
„Show-off.“ John rests his hand on my hip. “It’s been unsolved for almost a hundred years now, darling. Might be something you can come back to when no criminal has the courtesy to murder someone for a while.”
“I want to spend the rest of my life with you, solving crimes, complaining about the state of the kitchen, making love when you finally come to bed at three in the morning. No bloody letter can change that.” John cupped his face.
“Well, all honour to you, Master Boatswain, but I cannot accept such behaviour. I will have to send you off the plank.”
The ginger kitten is still at her spot behind the chair, eyes fixed to the potential food source, while his siblings seem more interested in the belt from Sherlock’s bathroom, which is hanging off the desk. Little grey is pawing at it first, before jumping back a bit.
John had started a list a few days after the kittens had moved in. The working title so far is ‘funny things Sherlock said to/about our cats’. He isn’t planning on publishing it, but he wants to remember, and maybe share it with Lestrade or Molly, just for fun. On the other hand, those intimate moments might only be for him to keep. He feels that he needs to protect that vulnerable side of Sherlock, to keep it hidden from the world outside. It’s a silly notion, Sherlock is an adult, the cleverest man John has ever met. It is not the brain that John wants to keep safe, but his heart.
John sets his phone aside and checks his appearance in the mirror over the mantle one last time, wrapping a scarf around his head.
We are not a very affectionate couple when it comes to public places, and yet this is the second time today our fingers interlace. We never do that, here, at work. Most of the police officers don’t even know we are dating.
Sherlock stops, the door handle still pushed down, and John can hear a soft ‘Oh’ through the closed door. He can just imagine that beautiful mouth pulling into a perfect o-shape, a thought that makes him smile. Sherlock must have noticed the clothes he left for him in the bathroom, and the fact that the detective seems genuinely surprised makes John feel elated. This is a good start to a hopefully amazing evening.
We play another four rounds of our little game, but I am concerned with another thought, my boredom melting away, as I go through all the wedding rings I can remember, most of them on the hands of dead bodies. I doubt John would mind.
He finds two accomplices. Mrs. Hudson lets him borrow some of her decorations and ‘just this once’ offers to bake a cake before she leaves for her sister’s. Molly helps him get Sherlock out of the flat. She texts about the body of a drowned man for Sherlock to have a look at – one that will be picked up by the funeral parlour at six. That gives John about five hours.
Time dragged on, only jumping into action when John’s key clicked in the lock downstairs. They met each other by the door to the kitchen. If this were one of John’s movies, they would be on an empty beach, the wind howling around them. In the real world, it was their own home that would become the battleground where they would fight for their love.
It is again Molly, who catches onto my discomfort, so she ushers all the guests to find their seats, giving me a bit of space and I retreat a bit to stand by the water. The wind ripples the surface and I find myself fascinated by the way the light reflects off it as I try to bring a bit of order into the chaos of my thoughts and turmoil of emotions. I almost miss the water darkening as it catches the reflection of three men approaching. When I finally look up, I recognize them as my groom and our best men. My wait has come to an end.
The biggest change he sees is in Sherlock, though. The self-proclaimed sociopath interacts with Mykie, Graham and Hudders in such a loving way, that John has to stop what he is doing a lot of times just to watch them.
This is ridiculous, and John is ridiculously happy and so in love with Sherlock Holmes. So much so that it often seems too much to bear.
I almost consider staying where I am when Lestrade calls about an abduction case. Instead, we both leap to our feet and dash out into the streets of London.
John wants so badly to kiss him. Instead, he straightens and clears his throat, looking straight ahead. “I love no one more than my captain and the sea,” he says, voice all calm, before he jumps. For a moment, he imagines falling, imagines the thundering sound of the ocean below. Instead, he hits the carpet before he can even blink.
He takes two deep breaths before he carries two of the bowls over to his armchair. Sherlock has taken the kittens out of the box by now, the red one hiding behind the leg of the chair, his grey sibling wobbling through the middle of the room. The last kitten looks tiny in Sherlock’s large hands, head tucked against long, slender fingers.
They both know they have to. And John is not going to wait any longer, not when he just got his best friend back. Feeling brave, John tilts his head up and kisses Sherlock’s mouth. Their lips fit together perfectly, as they learn the shape of the other, the touch both longing and tender, a promise of a tomorrow.
There is nothing to crush, no explosive chemicals available and leaving the house is not an option right now. Wound up like this, I’m a ticking time bomb, a danger to others and myself, especially when faced with idiots.
“Night, love.” Warm lips pressed against my forehead, where they remained even when he was already asleep. I listened to the change in his breathing, the way his heartbeat slowed, until he finally entered REM sleep.
Sherlock needs John to promise that he will fight. That he will survive, and do physical therapy, and get back to London and build his life back up until Sherlock can come back. Anything, everything, for Sherlock Holmes.
“Would be boring, anyway, wouldn’t it? Like, if you ever solved the Jack the ripper case, the magic would be gone.”
John comes downstairs for the second time that morning to find Sherlock sprawled on the sofa, covered in kittens. After waking up, he had questioned whether or not it had all been a dream.
John gazes at me from over his shoulder as I stand at a distance, grateful that this is not a sandy beach. The pebbles crunch under my shoes as I make my way to my husband.
“Thank you for this, John,” Sherlock whispers against the fabric of his head scarf, the warmth of his breath still perceptible against his scalp.
We return home before John turns into an icicle, and he makes me wait in front of his favourite book shop for five minutes. I hate waiting, but my John has been so lovely to me, he deserves to buy himself another horrid novel. I busy myself by comparing all the possible routes to take to Baker Street from here, wondering if John would be up for fire escapes today.
“Yes, you could say that. These three little rascals are very playful, and Mycroft’s men showed up with all that stuff.” He gestures at all of the cat utensils now stacked in their kitchen and the toys in the living room.
They spend a few hours eating cake and watching Treasure Island, Sherlock’s head resting against John’s chest and John enjoys every moment of it. It has been too long since they just spent time together, and the pirate attire is a wonderful bonus. Just as John considers asking his Captain to bed, the detective’s phone buzzes in his pocket. Sherlock reaches for it and is on his feet a moment later.
“Not too bad,” he concludes, then takes his seat at the table again, hiding behind his paper. It is impossible to focus on any of the words, excitement bubbling up in his stomach. Sherlock will look amazing; he just knows it. He wants to see those eyes light up, can’t wait for Sherlock to discover every small detail he has added to the flat for their little Halloween date.
We walk next to each other towards the elevator, my mind thoroughly distracted, when I hear the whisper. They are speaking quietly, but with the intent of me hearing it and I hate how my shoulders tense.
“True. Still, I’m keeping you from your work.” He noticed, then, and suddenly I no longer wish to spend an afternoon looking at a piece of cloth. How clever he is, my John.
We sit down on one of the benches in Regent’s park. John sits close to me, hands in his pockets to warm them.
Instead, John finds Sherlock standing in the middle of the room staring at something that seems to be on John’s chair, hidden from the doctor’s view.
I huffed, the blog after years was still a way to tease my John, something we both enjoyed. “Next to the fact that Michael Danes heard the voice of a doll, not a muppet…”
“I don’t have wings. Humans don’t have wings. It is essential to the concept of cuddle death; the bees move their wings quickly the way they usually warm or cool the hive, to either defend their home or kill an elderly and incapable queen bee. Humans don’t have wings. I couldn’t cuddle you to death, even if I tried. How obvious.”
In case you are wondering, the cold case took place in Hinterkaifeck near Ingolstadt in Bavaria, Germany. An man, his wife, daughter, two grandchildren and a member of staff were slaughtered in their isolated farm house. There were many suspects but the mixture of affairs, insenst and the chaos after the first World War made solving it impossible.
I have been called worse throughout the years. This is the one that hurts. It gets under my skin, under the armour that I call ‘high functioning sociopath’ and I fight the instinct to slump my shoulders, make myself small and escape their view.
When he mentioned it over take-away while the three of them were curled up on the sofa, the detective reacted differently than John had expected. Instead of a non-committal hum or a spurt of facts about some murder he had solved in Scotland, Sherlock looked at him, and said “Have fun” in a way that was too neutral to be honest.
“You did well, bringing them here. Just…,” His voice is strangely rough, and he clears his throat. “Let’s talk about this tomorrow, okay. We’ll get the basics, as soon as the shops open, and then we’ll see.”
“He’s very good at taking care of strays.” Sherlock leans over the box. “He’ll make sure you will eat enough. I do forget, sometimes, but he takes care of me.”
Even though I don’t care for their reaction anymore, my brain registers the surprised gasp from one of the by-standers, badly covered up with a cough, and the blonde mutters a “fuck me.” I consider turning around and giving him my best “nope”, popping the p. Instead, I move my head just enough to look at my John.
“We’re both busy with The Work, there are dangerous chemicals in this flat most of the time, we have no experience with cats… I could go on, Sherlock.”
John looks down at Graham, curled up in his lap, tail tucked against his belly. “Our secret, buddy.” He says to the sleeping kitten, stroking his paw.
His mouth tastes like he has been actively gulping down bottles of papier mâché and is as stale as if he had tried washing it down with sand.
Sherlock wanted to kiss him, until his entire world was reduced to John, taste, smell, feeling, sound.
“Oh, I will.” John steps towards the front door and unlocks it. As soon as it closes behind us, his arms are around me. “Still, I want you to call me when you need to, okay? Maybe just not about… missing socks or stuff like that.” He is still smiling; I can feel it against my neck.
Papa looks at her, and he smiles, he has a beautiful smile, and Daddy says it can light up an entire room. That’s weird, because Papa hasn’t swallowed a light bulb or anything, but Rosie still likes it.
John tries his best to be nice to Dimmock, and it is his calm that makes me refrain from yelling at the DI to finally get on with it. I’m tired, and he’s too slow in typing up what I am saying.
Sherlock’s skin is a bit too clean – not that Sherlock minds– with a gold ring on every finger and a fake earring in his left ear. His pale eyes seem more piercing now, and only when he steps closer does John realise the man is wearing dark eyeliner. God, it looks sexy. John wants to take all of that stuff off him immediately. Minus the make-up.
It’s not too far from the glasshouse, which is located by one of the large ponds. The water glistens with the twinkling of the glass' reflection, distorting all matter in accordance with its own rules. I find that sort of wilfulness almost majestic; even if the glasshouse was made to house kings, the pond bent all to its will, regardless of stature and I find myself awed by it because I feel the same way, bent and surrendered to the inevitability of love.
I nod at his question, eyes on whichever part of John is closest as he kneels on the floor. His hands are cool, as he cups my face and lifts it just a bit to kiss me. Lovely.
I couldn’t stop the smile if I tried, and he smiles back, the anger gone as soon as it came. With such a small gesture John Watson can change my life, small steps at a time.
“But we can just tell everybody.” Rosie doesn’t understand. She tells her friends all the time. They found it weird that she has two fathers at first, but most of them don’t care anymore. They like coming to Rosie’s home to eat Daddy’s lasagne and listen to his stories, and then do experiments with Papa (Daddy has a rule about those, but they can do kid-friendly stuff).
As if they knew they were being talked about, the quiet room is filled with high pitched, tiny meows. John is right next to Sherlock within a few steps, and there, on his chair in a small box, are three of the tiniest kittens he has ever seen. They have huge heads compared to their small, skinny bodies and blue eyes which wake the urge to protect them immediately. John has of course heard of the kindchenschema, but that knowledge doesn’t make him immune to it at all. Except for their eye colour, all three of them are different. The largest one of the bunch has orange longish fur, the one in the middle is grey, and the third one black with a white belly and white paws.
I tear my gaze away from Mike to look out of the window again, my head buzzing with a restlessness enough to rival the ennui I usually encounter after the successful conclusion of a case. My attempts to distract myself by deducing pedestrians fail to keep me from jumping out of my skin; the details I glean about their lives are far too placid and commonplace to keep me occupied for long. At yet another traffic light, I finally have enough. Throwing the car door open, I hurry onto the pathway. I hear Mike yell my name, but I don’t respond. I can imagine the look of surprise and concern on his face but it doesn’t matter. Can’t depend on him to get me where I need to be, can’t trust the traffic to get better. I feel myself break into a half-sprint, matching my gait to the thump of my drumming heart. Legs carry me in a blur of sirens, magenta, and the drizzle of rain as I change my planned route twice. No fire ladders or climbing fences; don’t want to risk any stains or tears to my suit.
They held each other for a long time, and Sherlock felt the knots in his stomach slowly loosen, his racing brain calmed by John’s presence alone.
Sherlock wanted to give in, to melt against John, to let him wash away all doubt with his words and his body, with his smile and his tender touches. He couldn’t.
He knows, as soon as he gets in the door, what mood I am in, sitting in my chair, feet up and head almost touching the floor. Even upside-down I can see he’s tired. He has been working a lot, something about sick colleagues and maternity leaves. He has circles under his eyes; his shoulders are a bit slumped down. I know he wants a hot shower and take-away. Instead, he puts his bag down, comes over to me.
“Can you believe it?” John glances up at me, and his cerulean eyes make the ocean seem grey and colourless. His question is unclear, and while my brain is blissfully occupied with him, I can still guess the context. Entwining his fingers with mine, I turn to look back at our house, less than two hundred meters from where we are standing.
“Very true. You really are a genius.” John blushes a bit. “What do we do now, then? Any more sword fighting planned?”
I reach out and slip my hand into his coat pocket. It is nice and warm in there, his fingers slightly damp, and I interlace them with my own. I would enjoy people making their own deductions about us and realising he belongs to me. Idiots that they are, they would need something obvious to see. I wonder what kind of ring would fit my John. Something simple but special at the same time. Gold fits his skin tone better. It is more traditional, too. He likes that sort of thing.
She got out of the car herself, to play with a puppy she spotted and when she realised, they were looking for her, she was scared of getting into trouble, and hid. There is no bad guy, and for once I am glad. No puzzle is worth a child being hurt, even I know that.
The rest is sort of a blur as if what she says has nothing to do with me, one of the protagonists of this entire event. I can only tear away my gaze from John for a moment when she addresses me, and I realise my moment to repeat after her has arrived. Those famous words that had no meaning for me only a few years ago before I met John now mean the world to me.
“She’s tired, because she has at least one small child at home. She hasn’t slept properly in months.”
“A few months later, yes. You had a pretty dress on, and your father and I wore matching suits, a week later I signed adoption papers so I could be your father on paper, too.” Papa makes his horse turn to the right, so they can ride around the lake. Rosie debates with herself whether she wants to stop and skip some stones, or stay on Pippa’s back forever. While she does, there are still a few questions to be asked.
“What, if it’s you?” John whispered into the small space between their lips, when they came up for air. He could barely take the hope in John’s dark eyes.
John’s face burst into a smile, eyes wet with tears. “Thank god.” He mumbled, pulling Sherlock tight.
The registrar, a blonde woman in her forties, greets the wedding party. I glance at her out of the corner of my eye, my focus always on John. His eyes seem even bluer, now that there are tears in them and he seems to be unable to stop smiling. I want to kiss that smile, to feel it against my lips as I melt into him. I am so fixated on my John’s face that I almost miss the registrar beginning her speech. Even as she continues to talk, I only register a few keywords and phrases, few but enough to tune her out just to enjoy the sight of John’s radiant smile.
Something so simple, and yet it took me almost two hours to solve it. My lovely John realising he was a distraction with his puttering around, leaving me to myself when I needed it, I haven’t deserved his understanding at all.
When Sherlock steps out of the bathroom, the sight takes his breath away. Just glancing over the edge of the newspaper, John is confronted with a pirate. In no way can this just be a costume. Sherlock is wearing a tricorn hat, with a dark head scarf underneath. The three-piece suit fits him like a glove, the light brocade of the vest laced with gold thread. The dark overcoat is a reminder of Sherlock’s usual outerwear. His long legs are clad in wide trousers, which are tucked into narrow, knee-high boots. The makers of the costume even put tears and cuts into the fabric, making them look worn and authentic.
The woman that came to the underworld, after being bitten by a viper and whose rescue had failed as Orpheus risked a look back.
John forces his eyes onto the screen, focusing on the bullet points that he has written so far. He takes a sip of tea, hoping for a moment it will taste different, weird maybe, so his mind can stray away from the dark thoughts that will surely keep him up tonight. He starts reading, mug still in hand.
This could be anything, he knows, from a racoon to a couple of teenagers seeking adventure in an abandoned house. Or this could be someone who knows exactly that Sherlock has been hiding out in here and has come to end his stay.
“ I Can’t believe… Can’t believe she’s not going to come out of that door.” John stepped in front of said door, touching the wood of the old, heavy frame. The large hand on his shoulder was an immediate source of comfort and he leant into the touch a bit more as he scrambled for the key in his pocket.
Beside him Sherlock just closed the car door. He was wearing his coat even though John had argued that it might not be suitable for a place like this, and a pair of sunglasses that made him look a bit like some rich guy coming up here to buy his third holiday home.
“Am I greedy for wanting twenty more?” John asks, as he rests his head against my shoulder and I pull him into a hug, wrapping my arms around him.
Donavan was the first to choose that word again when I consulted Lestrade on our third murder case. She has used it multiple times now, not knowing how it affects me. I’m glad of that. She would use it against me if she did.
This is so very different from the moment we shared through the bedroom door, but just as emotional, even though it is not our own words. I have to wipe away tears when it is John’s turn, and he says them so enthusiastically that it garners a smattering of chuckles from the guests. He slips a ring onto my finger and the registrar finally says, “You may kiss” and I kiss my John, cupping his face in my hands, and there is applause and someone- Mrs. Hudson, probably- sobbing loudly. My mind goes almost blank, the only one occupying it being my husband and the thought that we will now spend our lives together in our version of forever.
The silk turns into threads and the spot on it into particles as I zoom in, revealing the beauty of the small – another metaphor that can be transferred to John, even though he would call me a git for it- I should lose myself in my work, instead I find myself glancing up just a minute later, John now standing by the open fridge trying to figure out what in it is edible. He does so by resting an arm at the door, just an inch above his head, skimming the shelves one by one and pulling a few of the plastic containers out, peaking in. Even I, observant as I am, have not figured out yet which criteria he uses for that as there is no particular pattern to what he does. It fascinates me endlessly to watch him.
“I… John.” What use were words, when they couldn’t describe this conglomerate of emotion, this rollercoaster only going down?
“Alliterations, Sherlock. Now, can you let me sleep? Make your list, okay, and I’ll listen to all of it during breakfast.”
They make it home and order food and John just manages to get Sherlock to bed before the great detective falls asleep, completely exhausted.
He apparently has come to a conclusion, he sets three containers down on the kitchen counter before closing the fridge again. I can follow his every movement, as he prepares his meal, his back is turned to me and I fight an urge to get up and wrap myself around him, nose pressed to the spot behind his ear. He would smile, and I would only be able to feel those minute muscles move. He is beautiful like that, smiling that little smile.
Bad days become more bearable when they start off with John lips against my temple. The thought that he did kiss me when I was still asleep brings a smile to my face, even as my hands touch the pillow long gone cold. I know that today is going to be difficult. My mind goes from groggy to buzzing within minutes. Our bed is too warm suddenly, and I stumble to the living room.
John surprises me, for what must be the dozenth time in just a few weeks. He does nothing of what I predicted. He is angry, yes, but doesn’t act out on it in any way. Instead, his gesture is tender enough to make my cheeks redden.
I squeeze his fingers and pull him to the lift. His hand is still in mine, when the doors close behind us, shutting everybody else out.
It's said that the fandom is slowly dying- and who could blame people for loosing their patience. Sometimes, I think so too, and I wonder why I keep obsessing over those two idiots. But after only posting two chapters of this story, I have gotten so many comments and kind words from you, who love their love as much as I do. Thank you so much, my lovely readers! <3 I believe in Sherlock Holmes.
“I know what you think, in your brilliant brain, Sherlock. But relationships end. That happens. And if you run into that person from your letter…”
As they step outside, she can already spot her Papa on the sidewalk, casting a dark shadow against the light stone of the house opposite. He looks cool, Rosie thinks, cooler than other fathers. She likes it when Papa picks her up because Laura is a little scared of him, which is stupid but Rosie finds it funny.
Lifting my hands to rest against my chin, I turned back to my calculations, roaming my mind palace. My rooms on non-sexual intimacy were quite new, still smelled of wet paint on some days, but I caught myself following the hallway deeper into the building, out into the garden and to the bee hives just behind the back door. My fascination with insects, especially bees, had started early, with the memory of helping grandpere extract the honey from the combs, watching them fly and buzz around the garden. Now, in my mind palace, I could almost feel their wings brushing against my skin.
It should be scary, knowing how easily I would abandon The Work for him, just to get our bodies in contact.
And then, they couldn’t push it away any longer. Sitting on the sofa, thighs pressed together, they opened their envelopes.
“It’s called Father’s Day.” Laura chides in. Laura is always right, and Daddy says that people like that tend to be annoying. Papa is the exception, of course, but that’s just because Daddy likes Papa very much. “And that was two weeks ago. My Daddy took me to the Zoo.”
I consider texting Lestrade but quickly remember he is on holiday – the idiot. The other DI’s don’t let me onto their crime scenes when I am agitated like this. As bad as today is ending up in a cell will worsen my mood.
But something changed in a way he didn’t expect. Not only did the little ones conquer his heart within days, he also got used to their presence very quickly. Coming home now includes him greeting Sherlock, then finding the three musketeers one after the other and petting them for a moment before he has even taken his jacket off. He catches himself wondering from time to time where they are and what they might be up to if the flat is too quiet for too long.
“There is a big T and a small t.” Rosie continues, and Papa nods, as they walk towards one of the cars. It’s probably Uncle My’s, he always sends cars.
John sets a plate on the living room table- he still gets me to eat about forty percent of what he makes, then lifts my legs up and rearranges them and starts eating. I haven’t moved yet, and he must think I am still busy with the case. It’s mean to keep on pretending that I am, but the thought of marriage still has a hold on me. When it comes to John, I am not a man of quick decisions, my confidence when it comes to relationships is nil and I don’t want to scare him away by wanting too much, too soon.
He is also the thing that keeps me connected to the real world. There are times, when my need for stimulation and the lack of stimuli threatens to drive me insane, something I have never been good at dealing with. Since meeting my John, I have never had a lack of things to fascinate me, and if I fall into that pit he is there to take me on a walk, or hold me, and make me tea that I won’t drink. He does that,  without it being a burden to him or dampening his smile.
“Hasn’t changed a bit.” John tried not to get emotional over that fact, and he took a deep breath as he stepped through the gate, the green paint already splintering off where it moved in its hinges. Their steps sounded loud in the eerie silence of the place, John looked around only to see the car, the road, and the surrounding fields. This was a small paradise, the perfect place to turn one's brain off for a bit and find their inner child again. They would have to go behind the house to the small forest and see how much it had changed in the past twenty or thirty years.
“Yes. I’m going to take a quick shower. I did have to go through the rubbish bins to make sure I found all of them.” John can just imagine this immaculately dressed man crawling around a dark, dirty alley in his search for the kittens. He smiles as he watches him leave, then sets to make tea, eyes always straying away to look at what the three musketeers, as he decides to refer to them, are doing.
“I didn’t. I don’t,” The anger burned in John’s eyes, but it calmed his features into a mask, hiding the tempest storming below. The quiet danger of John Watson. How Sherlock loved it. How he loved him.
John’s arms wrapped tighter around me, he rested his forehead between my shoulder blades. He moved slightly and adjusted his weight before pressing a kiss to the spot. His lips were warm, even through the fabric of my t-shirt
He’s not going to shoot the blond police officer, of course. He is going to turn to her, smile his dangerous smile- more threatening than looking down the barrel of a gun- making her knees weak with fear and mine with arousal.
“We let him sleep. Some nights, he would join us, he looked very cute in his pyjama’s, I found.” Papa smiles at that, and Rosie knows he is thinking about Daddy in Pyjama’s and hair that sticks up in all directions.
“Yes.” The answer was so sudden that John froze as he moved to reach out for his glass, there was a hitch to the baritone voice as Sherlock continued. “Yes, that would be acceptable.”
“Well, my best man might think I bolted…” I admit. “Would you talk to him? Before he tries to reach John and makes him panic, too?”
“John asked me to sign the adoption papers when he asked me to marry him. It was also his idea to celebrate the day every year.”
“It is not some sentimental, tragic story,” Sherlock starts, “where I spend my holidays at my grandmother’s, with Halloween being the only memory I still have of her. I just always liked dressing up. And you know my obsession with pirates, apparently.”He can feel the smile against his head. “I like that Halloween is macabre, that for one day, people actually like blood and gore the way I do.”
“Exactly.” He presses his lips to the corner of my mouth, and I turn my head to get a kiss he doesn’t deserve.
“And then you got married.” She knows, having heard the story a lot, as she looked at the photos with Daddy.
“Mycroft’ is the name you gave me, if you could possibly struggle all the way to the end.” Sherlock says, voice a high-pitched parody of what his brother sounds like. They burst into another set of giggles.
“Oh, Sherlock. Don’t you look lovely!” Mummy makes her way over to me, crushing me with a hug. More and more guests arrive, all wanting hugs and with each outdoing the previous with more and more unimaginative compliments on my suit, I get more nervous. Perhaps, being stuck in a car would have been a better alternative to being out here in the open, with too many people around me, having to wait for John, who is very likely still stuck in that traffic jam. We had planned it like this, him being here first, so he could’ve dealt with all our guests, done the smiling and the hugging. Now, I have to suffer through that. I want John. I have been waiting for him forever, and I need him here, by my side, where he belongs.
And now they were there, in front of the small house framed by two spruce trees and fenced by a narrow stone wall. Once a farmhouse, it had been in the family for generations. The front garden was overgrown in a way that made it look cozy. Isla’s curtains were still visible through the white-framed windows. He almost expected her head of blonde curls to appear, he remembered exactly how she used to smile and hum while she cooked.
“I like Papa’s day.” Rosie says, and she likes the way Papa smiles at that, how it makes him have three chins and gives him a lot of lines around his eyes. “We should have one every week.”
“Let’s… I’ll show you the garden.” John said, clearing his throat. He picked Rosie up, her familiar scent an instant comfort, and walked to the sliding glass doors and into the garden.
“A list.” I repeated stupidly. “Oh, you mean defining parameters of good cuddling, for example endurance, commitment….”
This leaves Adrenaline Part I and II, and Words Part I and II. Any guesses, what they could be about?
“I’m sorry that I don’t have time to explain, John. I need to go. I should not have come. But I needed to make sure you were… ” He clears his throat. “Make sure you are alright.” There is so much pain in his voice, a pain that seems comparable to John’s.
“And you still haven’t tried to kill me,” I quip, eyes fluttering open to catch his grin. He doesn’t disappoint, eyes glinting with amusement. Bluest of blues, especially intense against his now-tanned skin.
I hate it. It is terribly dull and there are other things I would prefer doing after a successfully solved case where the girl was returned to her parents unharmed.
“I think someone is desperately trying to reach you.” She comments, and I retrieve my vibrating phone from my coat pocket.
I have seen enough stupid movies with John Watson to know that if this were one, the way Mike, Lestrade, and John walk up to me would be shown in slow motion.
“You could ask for forever, and I’d never find you greedy,” I whisper into his hair, squeezing his shoulder, and I feel him rub his nose against my neck. I know what his silent answers mean; have learned them all over the years. If I were to pull back a bit to gaze at his face, I’d find his eyes a bit wet, touched by what he thinks is me being romantic.
“I don’t think you are arguing for your case, Dr. Watson.” Sherlock says and if he wouldn’t know better, John would think this was flirting. But it isn’t, and he has to remind himself of that fact again and again.
Finally, after what seems forever, I reach the main entrance, a bit out of breath, and I brush away a wayward curl. I feel sweaty, more than I should be after only a few hundred meters, but my nervousness might have played a bigger part than I can admit to myself at the moment. But now that I have reached the location that John and I will get married in, all nervousness has vanished and only a frisson of pure excitement remains. Today will make the gardens special to both of us forever and the thought makes me smile like a lunatic- at least that seems to be the opinion of the elderly lady walking past me at that moment. And she’s lucky because not only do I not care today, I am also not in the mood to spit deductions at her. I straighten myself, tug at my jacket to pull it in place, and take a deep breath, before entering the park. Must be presentable for John.
With a final look, John follows Sherlock into the night. They pass windows with pumpkins and skeletons, dash past children dressed as mummies and vampires, along with their less motivated parents. John reaches out, intertwining their fingers as they run along.
“I would never have the audacity to say that out loud, John.” Sherlock grinned, and John took the excuse of brushing a crumb of bread off his coat to let his fingers rest against his collar bone for a bit. Their gazes met for a moment, before they both looked away, and the flutter in John’s belly was back, a familiar companion by now.
At the current moment, Sherlock should have been sitting back in the cab quietly and letting the facts of the case stew in his mind so he would be able to immediately sort through the contents and condition of the pink suitcase for further evidence when he reached his flat without missing anything. Instead, he was asking John about being cold despite it being incredibly obvious extraneous data he could do nothing about while his brain replayed the older man's casual and honest praise looking for the exact stimulus required to make John do it again as often as possible whenever convenient. His inability to process John's pleased reactions had the happy exclamations looping through his mind with nowhere to settle. He found himself carefully filing away the relatively useless trivia about the weather patterns in Afghanistan and trying to recall how long it takes a body to acclimatize to different environments. He noted that John had not taken leave in Britain during winter in years, meaning he'd not been home for the holidays in some time. Sherlock recategorized the trouble between John and his family to a higher level of dysfunction, with the possibility of no living family beyond Harry. For all their problems, Sherlock and Mycroft still spend a few hours together with their parents at Christmas and their respective birthdays for tea or dinner. To distract himself, and possibly John, from any emotional implications he pointed out the physical comfort the fireplace in 221B would provide.
"The police don't consult amateurs," Sherlock brags as he looks out of the side window. After a moment's thought John sees that the real magic is in how Sherlock put the details together. The tan lines likely don't mean anything so specific without John's comment to Mike, his haircut, or his limp. The clues on the phone need the context of John looking for a flatshare in order to inform Sherlock about John's relationship to Harry. Sure, Sherlock gots Harry's gender wrong, but Sherlock has no context for that, no indication of the truth one way or the other so he goes with the most probable assumption. It is all interlocking, and it is the complexity of that interconnected reasoning that blows John away. To have that many little details in focus at the same time, and to put it all together so quickly, is astounding.
"He's gone," she calls over to the pair of them when the officer in the car jolts at the sight of the DI and redirects Donovan's attention.
"Amazing," John praised his flatmate just as he did after any case. Instead of the usual preening Sherlock generally reacted with, he leaned in the scant distance necessary to kiss John on the forehead. The gentle butterfly peck was over in an instant, leaving John momentarily stunned.
"There's been a fourth, and something is different this time," Sherlock says to himself. Someone hurries up the stair - did they even knock? - and Sherlock speaks before they come through the open door. "Where this time?"
"It'll be a good few hours before I have a full charge, not to mention the travel time back and forth," John said, craning his neck to see the clock in the kitchen. "It'd be midnight, at least."
"I think he's brilliant enough. I love the brilliant ones, always so desperate to get caught," Sherlock explained, gesturing excitedly.
"Anything on the menu, I cook it for you myself," Angelo said, setting down two menus with a flourish.
Living in a bedsit in London, John can feel himself detaching. He is meant to be recovering from a gunshot wound to the shoulder, the rushed surgery that affected the nerves there, the osteomyelitis that got into his bruised femur, and an immune system so run-down by the lot that he'd caught the flu and two colds since he'd returned to London from the Middle East despite years of regular vaccinations and fairly sterile living arrangements for most of his recovery. Recovery is meant to include improvement and he certainly hasn't gotten much of that. The world around him is becoming blurrier in steady increments. He knows it is a bit not good. He knows that the time it took them to haul him off the battlefield contained some unmeasured period where his brain wasn't quite getting enough blood, and that was when the fog and the infection first got in. His left hand and sometimes his forearm tremble on bad days from the nerve damage, and his right leg steadfastly refuses to function reliably despite there not being anything obviously wrong with it mechanically speaking. That was a bit not good as well. He didn't blame Bill at all, he'd even had a coffee with the nurse he'd served alongside and thanked the man for saving his life. Bill had gotten married since, which was good for him. Getting on with life, having things happen to him was good. John wasn't getting any of that, either. The therapist meant to help him adjust to civilian life after signing up for an Army Medical Corps cadet program at age 16 with plans to stay there until he was ready for retirement is decidedly not helping. All of her suggestions sound like they are straight out of whatever trendy, new-age, metro-sexual theory those young idiots he didn't get on with were spouting. She's trying to get him to settle down into a nice, quiet life with nothing that could possibly trigger his PTSD and practically everything she says about the beige-soft life ahead of him makes suicide seem like the better option. He isn't sure how many mentally sound soldiers she's ever met, but he doubts they would crowd up his small room if they all came visiting. Trust issues, she writes down one day.
"Then I definitely don't see what you're saying." Sherlock huffs out a sigh at the unfairness of John's imperfect understanding, but refuses defeat. He fixes John with a steady gaze.
Perhaps it was assumed to be a very temporary arraignment? Something while they were both between things or restarting their professional lives after a bit of upset? Unfortunately, John was a left-handed junior surgeon whose dominant hand failed him regularly due to very real nerve damage and whose misbehaving right leg had days when even the cane was barely enough to keep him standing. The argument over it being psychosomatic or brain damage was moot so long as his body kept failing him. Steady well-paying work was going to be hard to come by and keep up under the circumstances. Never mind trying to squeeze his way into one of the highly competitive positions where he could finish his training as a trauma surgeon and get that fellowship he'd wanted. No nepotism, money, or high-powered connections to grease the way for him, which is why he'd signed up for the armed forces in the first place. Aside from a bit of brown-nosing that could have gotten him more suitable orders and seen him promoted above Captain before now, the RAMC's program was almost completely merit- and training-based. He'd lost all the valuable connections he'd made to ease his way when he was discharged. Ignoring for a moment that his left hand wasn't fit to stitch up a rag-doll, he didn't have any chance of finishing up his training without a long and highly political detour to get his foot in. Of course, he'd originally started accepting the occasional detours his career had taken as a way to please some of the top brass, so in a way the brown-nosing he did do ended up delaying his surgeon's training instead of speeding it along, though the challenging assignments looked great on his record and he had no regrets for his service aside from getting shot. The lack of a pay rise hadn't seemed terribly important as he was able to comfortably stash away a rather large percentage of his pay into long-term investments already. At the time, he'd been enjoying the excitement of the risky posts too much to complain. Now, knowing that if he hadn't been shot the last orders he'd been given would have seen him promoted to Major in less than six weeks made the whole situation that much harder to bear.
"Oh, we're done waiting! When she was found, she couldn't have been here long, is that right?" Sherlock stops descending and leans into the center of the stairwell to look up at them.
All of Sherlock's flats had been similar: places with the cheapest rent he could find. He would not leave London, he barely made enough to feed himself with The Work, and his trust fund had remained heavily restricted despite having properly gotten out of rehab six years ago. The only drug paraphernalia he kept on hand was for use as barter with his contacts, and there was nothing he was inclined to use himself in that box. He was clean, but if he could not provide for himself according to Mycroft's standards, then he'd be forced to attend a Family Dinner. Whatever well-meaning interference in his life such an event would result in was to be avoided at all costs.
Sherlock staggers around on the pavement as if he is drunk and trying to get his balance. He totters to the curb and almost falls down it before stumbling out into the road, causing a car to slam on its brakes to avoid hitting him. The driver blares his horn as Sherlock holds out his hands apologetically. Holding his fist to his mouth as if trying not to vomit, Sherlock continues his drunken walk down the street. Reaching the driver's window, he raps on the glass with both hands as if drumming a beat. The driver inside, a much older man estranged from his wife wearing well-worn clothing, shakes his head.
"What? What did ... what did you say?" Spinning around, Sherlock swiftly grabs at the cabbie's jacket with both hands to ensure he can't drive off.
All in all, he was feeling a lot more like himself after having two bottles of water slowly forced upon him to help the process along, and retroactively resented having to piss in a bottle while laying down in the ambulance while too drugged to do anything less embarrassing. Drugging people and then using hypnosis tactics on them was just cheating - the steady, unchanging tone of voice that Jeff Hope used coupled with the pageantry of setting out the pill bottles was textbook magician. The worst part was he still didn't see how he tricked the other victims into taking the correct pill. Two pills, but with his other victims only one would kill. He knew how the man tricked people into playing the game, drugging away inhibitions would be quite effective if he chose his victims carefully, but he didn't know how Hope ensured he won.
"Highly unlikely to travel so far for such a short trip of that nature, particularly when you consider the print-out confirming her hotel reservation. Hardly the sort of place a woman like that would choose for R&R and even if that was the limit of her budget there are much better options closer to Cardiff. Also, why bring a power suit on a pleasure trip? No, she came to London for work and dropped the phone somewhere. She's clever, too, wouldn't have dropped it accidentally. That phone was her life and livelihood."
"What the hell is he doing up there?" Lestrade says at the same time Donovan bursts out indignantly.
"Thank you so much for your input," Sherlock quips sarcastically, closing the door in Anderson's face, then turns back to John and Lestrade as if the weaselly man never existed. "Yes, obvious. Back of the right leg." Sherlock explains, not that that explains much. Sherlock takes a slow walk around the perimeter of the room, then starts poking at his phone. John looks carefully, but whatever Sherlock noticed wasn't obvious to him. He takes a critical look at the woman's legs, but can't make any conclusions from what he sees other than 'shapely' and 'very well groomed.'
"Yes, of course, I mentioned it before. No phone in her handbag or suitcase, but a number on the luggage tag. What use is putting a land line on a luggage tag? None. So, she was traveling with a phone and no longer has it," Sherlock rapidly explained.
Clearly, the blond had attracted and kept friends for years even with minimal attention paid to them. Mike Stamford had not seen John Watson in years yet treated him as if they were good friends, and there were a few comments on his one-line blog posts from people very willing to reach out and help the struggling man. Yet, he showed every indicator of deep loneliness. Clearly John Watson was depressed to the point of being nearly suicidal, though he was still fighting hard against the impulse, and that may account for part of the symptoms of loneliness on display. Physically he was short and fair, the first hints of prematurely gray hair shining very obviously in the unflattering fluorescent light when they first met, blue eyes that shifted from dull to sharp in an instant given certain stimulus, clearly recovering from illness but solid and really rather handsome -
"Yeah, but some of the guys wanna take photographs." Lestrade's snicker grates on Sherlock's remaining patience, and he looks away from him in disgust. At least the case isn't completely over. He may not have figured out how Jeff Hope did it, and will need to ask about what was in the pills they collected to know if his murder-suicide hypothesis was correct, but there was a new mystery to solve.
"It's just that if she is, and a coat bright enough to be seen from space isn't necessarily good evidence, but if she is, then she should have something to record things on her. I had one fellow, some assistant to an intern or what have you that wasn't even a proper reporter yet, who tried to interview me about my job after he'd nearly had his finger severed in an argument about a woman." John had more trouble with his leg going down the stairs since he was focused more on wrangling his train of thought than where his cane was landing. Someone in a rush to get upstairs bumped into him hard and pitched him into the wobbly banister. Lestrade gave the other officer the evil eye on John's behalf, and the woman trailing after offered an apologetic nod to the short man.
"'The Science of Deduction.' Now that is proper thinking. Between you and me, why can't people think?" a hint of real anger comes into the man's placid and patronizing voice, his face scrunching. "Don't it drive you mad? Why can't people just think?"
"You call that a risk?" he says and reaches into both of his trouser pockets and takes out a small brown bottle from each of them. "This is a risk." Sherlock looks at him blankly. The cabbie puts the identical bottles onto the table in front of him, then unscrews the lid of the right-hand one and tips out one of several small capsules from inside it. Putting it onto the table in front of the bottle, he then picks up the left-hand bottle and takes out another identical capsule and puts it in front of that bottle. "You wanted to know 'ow I made 'em take the poison. You're gonna love this!"
"What day is it?" Sherlock asks distractedly, his mind focused on scanning and categorizing the people walking past on the street.
"Something cold will do," he says absently as he inspects a small pouch of instruments before tucking them into one of his pockets. "John, make yourself at home. Er, have a cup of tea. Don't wait up."
Sherlock experiences some sensory overload and decides to let his mind go down paths he usually doesn't allow it to.
"My ... my best what?" He leans forward, but misjudges how well he can sit up straight and ends up laying his head down on one hand on the table. It is going to be a bit difficult to spot an opening while inspecting the woodgrain, but it was this or fall forward.
"It's luck." Arguing that actually, willing four coin tosses isn't statistically that impressive depending on context and pointing out the number of coincidences that forensic science has to overcome would probably be a bad idea.
"He has killed four people. Still, he'll pass by a couple times looking for the loose end, might even loiter."
"More pink than I've ever seen on one person," John mumbles out his initial impression. He checks for the scent of alcohol and looks her over for symptoms as much as he is able, pulling a pen and notepad out without thinking to make note of the visible symptoms out of habit, scratching near illegibly with his right hand on the notepad pressed to his thigh as he has a thousand times before. His specialty is living bodies, but he isn't completely ignorant of what to look for, generally. After a moment he straightens up and gives his assessment as a 'medical man' as Sherlock asked him to. "Yeah ... Asphyxiation, probably. Passed out, choked on her own vomit. Can't smell any alcohol on her. It could have been a seizure; possibly drugs."
"Did I just give you the good pill or the bad pill? You can choose either one." The words are delivered casually, almost lazily after the last bit of rapid speech. Sherlock looks at him for a long moment.
Lestrade shouts after Sherlock and then huffs at his forensics team. John distractedly steps aside as Anderson comes onto the landing from where he'd been loitering in a hallway nearby. The man is clearly irritated at having his work delayed and hurries his subordinates along with short snappy comments. John isn't paying much attention, his mind churning slowly through the details trying to figure out what he was missing.
I don't care for the John Watson Moffat created, particularly in Series 3 and 4 but the signs are there from the beginning. When I think about Watson across interpretations, the Granada series is the classic I use as a touchstone. For more recent works: I feel that Jude Law was given a better script to work from for all that I think Martin Freeman did amazing work and I'd have loved to see him with that script because he clearly loves the character from the original stories. He starts great: both in A Study in Pink as it was aired and the Pilot, developing in The Blind Banker, and right through The Great Game with a few bad moments; however, the longer the series goes the more off the rails the characterization of the main characters gets. John gets angrier and angrier, always seeming to doubt Sherlock's intentions despite all his other incarnations knowing that while Holmes's methods are utilitarian the man behind the method cares deeply about justice. It's that trap in modern media where the stakes must always be raised higher and higher as things go along clashing with previous character development until we end up watching a mash-up of Saw and The Ring starring Sherlock's secret sister. John's character development suffers for that, and from a gas-lighting wife that only makes his PTSD and anger management issues worse.
"Just got some fresh air, I couldn't sleep," John lied, but Sherlock was blinking sleepily so he'd probably get away with it.
"It is always the quiet ones," Anderson tutted as they followed John. Sherlock looked up at the noise and immediately protested.
"Breathing's boring," Sherlock said dismissively, sticking the first patch onto his forearm and wishing the drug into his body faster. John's hand settled on Sherlock's shoulder. The thin material of his green dress shirt and vest did nothing to inhibit the warmth of John's fingers, giving Sherlock's mind something tactile to focus on. It immediately stopped him from overloading. Untrusting of that sudden relief, Sherlock started unwrapping the second patch to correct the issue chemically. Habit ensured he hadn't rolled the sleeve up too far and exposed anything incriminating.
"I suppose it is a long shot. We have to be realistic," Sherlock admits, realizing that he'd started drumming his fingers on the table. His visible impatience likely prompted the renewed conversation so he straightens up in his chair.
[Skippable obligatory "this is the part of the canon that made me angry enough to want to fix it" rant.]
"If she wanted to leave some message it would be better to keep it on her," Lestrade countered as he watched John strip off the cover-alls, though he sounded thoughtful. "Rachel is our breadcrumb."
"Yes. Yes! Exactly!" Sherlock says excitedly. How could John understand so perfectly and still be so confused?
Sherlock wakes slowly. Things are fuzzy, and being warm and fairly comfortable isn't helping him wake up. His skull comes into focus on the mantel above the lit hearth. Back in Baker street, in his own chair. Had John realized things had gone wrong and brought him home? He was keeping that cute doctor, even if he had to...
"No, she was leaving an angry note in German! Of course she was writing Rachael, there is no other word it could be," Sherlock shouted back. "Why did she wait until she was dying to write it?"
"Yes, well, collect your evidence and let's get inside where there is light and heat. I do have to tell you a few things before you get properly started. The body bag was a concession to keep any frost or rain off it in case the weather turned. I'd originally thought I'd just lay it out under a tarp, but the starch I used would fail fairly quickly if it got damp and that might damage some evidence or create red herrings. I figured the less explanation I'd have to give due to failures or limitations of the construction the better. Just delete it from the scene as best you can, or else imagine the corpse was bagged by some over-eager newbie on forensics before you arrived and then arranged exactly into its original position inside the bag. It is meant to have been found skinned and decomposed enough to cover the irregularities in some of the organ shapes. A proper autopsy will be required to find all the trace evidence, some of which is symbolic because knitting things smaller than a certain size is fucking brutal. The absence of all musculature is another concession to the construction method as I know that removing all traces of connective tissue would require boiling the bones and that has not happened. To that end, assume that nothing useful could have been found in or on the remaining muscle beyond confirmation that the body was originally left in this location. Also, assume that they exist in a state consistent with a skinning clean enough that it suggests a bit of culinary training at minimum, though the level of decomposition makes assessing the exact skill level of the killer impossible," John explained.
He came back down to see Sherlock still trying to somehow make all his assorted belongings fit into one side of the room and failing miserably. John dropped a pillow sporting the union jack onto the squishier of the two chairs before going to sit in it. If Sherlock was as observant and clever as he seemed to think he was in his website's essays, he'd probably take that as a hint that John wouldn't mind if he took up more than exactly half the space so long as John's fewer possessions had a place and their shared space was still functional. If not, John would just have to say it outright, but first they'd each have to finish sorting out who the other was and which bedroom they'd be taking, among other fine points. No point in needlessly giving up a potential bargaining chip, after all.
"It isn't about being ashamed," John clarified. "Just, I found that letting women know I was Bi made them stick me in the 'sassy gay friend' category and, well, when you've only got a three day pass it's practically impossible to get over that wall. Whenever word got around, I might as well have been a pot plant for all the attention I'd get, and not just from potential dates. Hard to strike up a working relationship when your co-workers barely talk to you."
"Hey, hey! Come on!" Sherlock slurs in his false drunkenness, drawing out the last word. After a moment the window rolls down halfway.
"Wait, back up a moment. Just to be clear: you're fine with kissing me?" John asked, military firmness demanding a simple answer.
At length, and refusing to abbreviate things absurdly as he knew was common, John sent Sherlock a text reading:
"We know the killer drove his victims, but there were no marks of coercion or violence on the bodies. Each one of those five people climbed into a stranger's car voluntarily. The killer was someone they trusted," Sherlock explained, gesturing deliberately with his hands as he spoke to keep them from fidgeting.
In any case, I am gay but you are not gay so nothing will come of it. I'd say I've proven quite well that I can contain myself. Aside from just now, that is, which I am sorry for." John physically stopped the lanky man from winding himself up further by halting his expressive hands, squaring up in front of the detective so he couldn't be ignored.
It is only after he has gotten back to the horrible little room he's been put away in that his mind completely catches up to the events of the day. He fires up his laptop and plugs the man's name into a search engine. It is distinctive enough that John figures there aren't likely to be many hits, and he is right. The top result is a website titled
The bell rang two hours later. Sherlock didn't so much as glance away from the fluffy knitted entrails he was carefully picking through, so John hurried down to see what was going on.
"I told you I am not available for anything less than a ten," he insisted, pushing his sleeves down. "I am entitled to a day of leisure."
Even if he ignored his surgeon's training and managed to get a position as a GP, people didn't like taking health advice from sick doctors. John wasn't about to hang his Army Cross up on the wall as a tacit explanation. Some people would consider it an invitation to talk about it, and John wasn't keen on that at all. Perhaps once Holmes moved on it would be the start of a series of flat-mates for John, but that was a young man's game, wasn't it? He didn't relish the idea of sharing space with a string of university students or managing a sub-lease when an empty bedroom for too long would mean a hasty relocation. A more stable situation would be better, something that would hold for a few years at least so that all John's long-term savings would open up. Stupid investment fees, stupid financial advice having him stuff all his money in long-term accounts, stupid occasionally-thieving drunk sister forcing him to guard his checkbook by keeping the balance on his primary spending account as low as was feasible. Sure, today was a good day, unlike yesterday when he'd been hobbling around at a snail's pace. He could probably do without the cane for a bit if he really tried today. That was the way of mobility issues even when they weren't 'all in your head,' but it was hardly enough of a sure thing to leave the cane behind.
"Now, now. The drug's still in your system. You'll be weak as a kitten for at least an hour," the old cabbie sayas, walking over to loom over Sherlock as he tries to right himself. "I could do anything I wanted to you right now, Mr. 'olmes. Anything at all." Whimpering from the effort of fighting the drug, visceral horror from memories of the darkest days of his drug use looming unhelpfully in his mind,  Sherlock manages to get up onto his knees and elbows. "But don't worry. I'm only gonna kill yer." Suddenly, he grabs Sherlock around the waist and hauls him to his feet before dragging him a few paces across the room and dumping him onto a wooden desk chair. The small wooden desk has another chair on the other side of it, a partner's desk he'd taken as payment after a simple inheritance-related case for when his clients have documents they want to review with him. Sherlock slumps forward onto the wood before he slowly manages to sit up. He thinks of Mrs. Hudson and turns to reach vaguely towards the door behind him, mostly on instinct. The cabbie walks around the table towards the other chair.
"Do you know you do that out loud?" Sherlock asked, which popped John's head up from looking at the notebook.
"Well, she's from out of town, clearly. Planned to spend a single night in London before returning home. So far, so obvious," Sherlock declares almost as soon as they are in the room.
"Victim is in her late thirties. Professional person, going by her clothes; I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Traveled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It's obvious from the size of her suitcase," Sherlock speaks quickly, the words firing out of his mouth like a machine gun blast as he jumps to his feet. John struggles his own way up off the floor.
“Oh, have mercy, great Captain,” John begs, as he is dragged to the coffee table. Sherlock motions for him to get up on it and John shrugs, guessing today is the best day to be just as ignorant of their furniture as Sherlock is.
“But look at them, John. They need us.” He points at the trio, all of them now gathered around one of the bowls, closely tucked together. “They would have starved out there.”
That noise wakes the other occupants of 221B, as three pairs of footsteps come up to the kitchen, two cats and one human. All three look a bit ruffled and tired but motivated by the food.
“Yes,” John pointed the letter in Sherlock’s direction. “My bloody, fucking, father. He took it. Opened it. Decided he didn’t like my bloody soulmate. And kept it from me. For twenty, fucking years. Because he’s a fucking homophobe. Thought one gay child was enough, probably. I want to punch him. I never fucking did, but I want to, now. He kept my bloody letter for me.”
“Quite obvious, isn’t it?” I retort, defensive. She doesn’t seem offended, and I wonder if a groom is allowed just anything on their wedding day; if getting married gives you such special leeway for just one day then maybe I should consider getting married every day. Molly just smiles, not the way she used to smile when she was still in love with me, and I pull her into a hug. She wraps an arm around me.
“Into your soulmate,” John stroked his thumb along the line of Sherlock’s jaw. “then we had a good life together. If… if there is a different name in that bloody letter, then they can bloody well enough wait their turn. “
“John,” was the only word his throat could form. Those three steps between them felt like a mile, or ten, impossible to cross.
“You can give me your answer,” John cupped his face in his hands. “And then we’ll open the letters. I love you.”
He takes my breath away, even after all these years and it surprises me to feel tears stinging my eyes. My intention to hold them back melts away the moment he spots me, his mouth pulling into the brightest of smiles. My vision blurs, and then he’s there, pulling me into a hug, resting our foreheads together.
He always has to be prepared for this, after almost two years of eliminating parts of Moriarty’s network. There have only been a few nights spent at safe houses, where he has slept more than a few hours. He can see the results of the sleep deprivation in his body. He’s thinner now than he has ever been, and the circles under his eyes cannot possibly get any darker. So many times he has imagined coming home to London, to John, and how after the initial surprise, John would nurse him back to health. He could hear him complaining about Sherlock not taking care of himself and ordering him to take up a regular sleep schedule. He would look all strict, but secretly pleased, because he would get to be all doctor-y around Sherlock. And Sherlock would pretend to be annoyed, but secretly enjoy the attention.
He returns with a smile and a paper bag, fits his hand into mine and I’m happy to walk the detour he chooses, just for the feel of his palm against mine.
We are still adjusting to the quiet and the calm. It isn't easy; both of us struggle with the routine and the lack of excitement and adrenaline. But we've found new things to do. Building a functioning beehive and taking care of the swarm occupies me for quite a large portion of the day, and John is working on honing his writing skills now that he isn’t wasting away at the surgery anymore.
Instead, he allows himself another look, then goes to put on the kettle before he goes to use the loo, when he notices stacks of cat food on the worktop, next to bottles of milk. John checks his watch. Half past eight. He’s sure Sherlock hasn’t left the flat yet, not that Sherlock would care about going out in pyjamas. But this has Mycroft written all over it, and John lifts a hand to wave at the cupboard over the sink, the place he’s convinced the elder Holmes has hidden at least one of his cameras.
I follow John Watson out of the door, my signature neatly placed on the dotted line and his sass has improved my mood immensely. I will need to give something back to him with all he has done for me today. He’s easy to please, a simple man when it comes to certain things. Also, Oral Sex makes him fall asleep quickly after. He needs sleep, and I want to taste him badly. The thought makes my mouth water and gives me even more reason to leave Dimmock’s office quickly.
We both giggle. From the first evening we spent together, sharing laughter with John has been my favourite thing, especially when I can feel him move against me, his giggles rippling through my body.
There are moments – and my wonderful John knows- when a distraction is exactly what I need, days where nothing can save me from my own mind. There hasn’t been a case in almost a week, and the body in the Thames was barely a five, not worth remembering at all. Secondly- and it might be worse- I woke up alone this morning, John already off to work.
"Brixton," Lestrade supplies as he holds up the crime scene tape for John. "I'm guessing you came here with Sherlock from Baker Street?"
"It's Anderson," the man replies, stepping into John's field of view. A bit older, graying, and dressed respectably enough. He doesn't even glance John's way.
"What do I think?" John parrots, having nothing to say that wouldn't sound like he was borderline necrophilic or extremely petty over Anderson's reaction.
"I've outlived four people. That's the most fun you can 'ave with an aneurysm," the cabbie says, leaning forward like he is sharing a secret. Outside in the street, a vehicle can be heard coming to a halt with a screech of brakes. The flashing lights of a police car come through the window. Sherlock's gaze flickers briefly to the window but then he turns his attention back to the cabbie.
John Watson was a respectable British gentleman, or at least he tried his best and apologized when his temper required him to spew profanity at everything in the vicinity. To that end, he felt rather poorly when Mrs. Hudson did too much cleaning up in 221B. Sure, Sherlock wasn't exactly tidy, but there was a difference between cluttered and messy. The detective really did know proper lab procedures for containing the experiments he ran and usually cleaned up any accidental spills when they happened lest they contaminate his workspace. He also used and reorganized the files, notebooks, and knickknacks that were strewn about the sitting room often enough that they weren't ever that dusty. When it came down to actual filth John could be just as lazy as Sherlock about leaving used cups and plates behind when they had a case on and were dashing in and out of the flat for a shower, nap, or change of clothes. As for getting the hoovering done, washing the curtains, dusting the higher shelves, and other chores, John wasn't any more likely to spontaneously do a deep cleaning than Sherlock was and both of them had a rather high tolerance for what constituted a filthy room. Mrs. Hudson, on the other hand, had a rather low tolerance. While Mrs. Hudson might protest that she wasn't their housekeeper on a regular basis, she still brought up ready to eat food, cleaned up behind them while they were out, and even picked up some groceries from time to time to stock the fridge. It was nice, and John was rather protective of the elderly woman due to the real care she showed them.
What the landlady was attempting by requesting John's help setting up for her knitting circle wasn't subtle. She knew that the intermittent tremor in his dominant hand was neither gone nor fading as quickly as John wanted it to and how much he upset himself when he fumbled things. John ended up going down to help them wind and detangle skeins a couple more times before they fully convinced him to keep his hands busy with something constructive while watching crap daytime telly with his landlady on days when he was idle.
"I dunno," Sherlock said, sober enough to find the lingering slur in his speech abhorrent. He lies: "In all the confusion, I lost track. I don't know which I chose. Maybe they were both poison." He turns to walk away.
"And is also not wasteful in the instance that I don't take milk," Sherlock said as he dumped the milk into his cup and pried the sticky lid off his small black and yellow striped honey pot. "The tea service is still packed, one of the boxes under the kitchen table I believe. Can't be certain, I never unpacked it at my last flat and everything got a bit of a shuffle."
"Don't be absurd," Sherlock scoffed, "most of it is clearly crochet. The only macramé on the skeleton itself is the distal phalanges."
"Two two one," Sherlock says slowly as if he is too drunk to understand, pretending to stifle a burp,"B-Baker Street."
"I've been thinking about that fireplace longingly for the last few blocks," John said. He had a sheepish tilt to his head and fiddled with the handle of his cane. "Is it a gas conversion or electric?"
"What about these suicides then, Sherlock? Thought that'd be right up your street. Been a third one now," Mrs. Hudson interrupts, walking over with a newspaper in hand.
"Play what? It's a fifty-fifty chance," Sherlock says, leaning forward onto his elbow, not keen on another face-plant no matter how gracefully he managed the second one.
Sherlock had his fists raised just in front of his chin in a joyful, twee little dance of delight by the end of John's narration. He took another very careful pass around the body dump site before delicately closing up the bag and flapping his hands impatiently at John until the doctor took up one end of the bag. The entire assembly was very carefully brought inside and laid on the sitting room floor with the box of clues John had given him for Christmas. John didn't want to help too much, but he did lay out his knitting needles, tweezers, a few re-purposed take-out containers, and fabric scissors while Sherlock was looking over the knit corpse with his magnifier.
Usually sends gag gifts, except they’re only funny to him so everyone’s generally really confused. They’re usually based off of the nicknames he assigns to everyone //it REALLY doesn’t help that no one knows what their nickname is// Always gives Mycroft something that has to do with ice- ice cube trays, bags of ice, etc. (Iceman) Mycroft is confused- he likes warm beverages and rarely uses ice.
Always knows what starts discourse, but never starts any of it himself- he usually bribes someone to bring up a certain topic (it’s usually Anderson) so that starts discourse. Everything else he says during discourse is meticulously planned to make discourse as chaotic as possible.
Lives for family discourse- is the only family member who actively engages and admits to enjoying it. She can’t always make the parties and frantically tells you to live text her everything that’s going on so she can partake. Usually you’re the middle man and put in her takes along with your own. Sherlock wonders why she can’t just fucking be on a video call or something- it is an option available to Irene but she likes to make Sherlock mad.
She usually brings a (store-bought) pie or a savory side dish. They’re pretty standard and don’t stand out much. She’s actually a really good baker, but she doesn’t bring baked goods because she hates most of the people sitting at the table.
Also the best gift giver, tries to one-up Sherlock’s gifts. Mycroft has more resources so his gifts are pretty good, but he doesn’t know about Sherlock and your niche interest. Sherlock usually has much better holiday gifts and Mycroft does good birthday gifts. So far, Sherlock’s winning. John thinks Mycroft’s gifts are better, everyone else thinks Sherlock’s.
Doesn’t engage in Family discourse, usually plays the role of moderator. Organizes the events that “settles” things.
She usually is against Sherlock in all family discourse, purely out of spite (sometimes they do call truce and team up against another family member). She usually makes discourse a lot worse once it’s started.
During family discourse, she usually doesn’t like to speak up but her takes are actually pretty good and she’s had a lot of good zings. You wish she was more outspoken.
It’s turned into a tradition- if the person he intended on poisoning is poisoned, a punishment is administered to that one person. If the person changes, the new victim (who ingests the poison) is punished, the intended victim (who is not poisoned) gets a reward.
Usually buys some microwaveable shit like mashed potatoes or something and just puts it in a nice looking dish to make everyone think that he made it, no one is convinced but no one has the heart to tell him.
Shows up 30 minutes early to help set up and cook. Usually brings something like a casserole or mashed potatoes- an old family recipe. It always slaps so fucking hard.
"Appreciation. At long last the spotlight. To you it's an arrest; to them it's a coming-out party. That's the frailty of genius: it needs an audience."
In the taxi John finally gets a proper explanation for how Sherlock knew so much about him without being told anything. It's not the most straightforward way of thinking, and John is certain that those little details could mean other things.
"Wait, wait, wait," Greg interrupted. "This is the extremely interesting corpse you got for your birthday? A life size plush skeleton?"
"Can I just ask: what is your street?" John says, hoping to get at least one straight answer out of him.
"Course it is, yeah. Found your keys in your jacket. I thought, well, why not? People like to die at 'ome." There is the tinkle of keys dropping onto a table. Thinking that the room has stopped spinning so it might be safe to put all his weight onto his legs, he immediately loses his balance and crashes to the floor face down.
"Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much," John says quietly, giving the proper answer his therapist would approve of, but with rather the wrong inflection.
He might be able to convince Mrs. Hudson to take half the rent as a check from his business account and agree not to cash it until he'd gotten a well-paying case or two, but he doubted it. She might adore him, but she was already giving him a discount on the rent and there was only so much she could bend without incurring her own financial difficulties. The flat had been vacant for a few months already thanks to her late husband's reputation, the moldy state of the C flat in the basement, and the fallout after the rather nasty removal of the previous tenants. She was unlikely to evict Sherlock immediately, but she would likely come to the same solution Mycroft threatened him with and procure a tenant for the second floor without his input. Since the second floor was not fully equipped, the majority of the upper floors belonging to Mrs. Turner's 223 ever since the building was cut up into smaller sections from a single estate well over a hundred years ago, whoever lived upstairs would have to share Sherlock's kitchen and bath. With no door between the kitchen and parlor, they would also frequent the space Sherlock expected to host his clients in. Finding his own flatmate, someone he could stand well enough to ignore their presence at minimum until his business picked up again, was a far better option than having someone randomly answer Mrs. Hudson's advert or arrive on Mycroft's orders and payroll as a babysitter.
Obvious - so obvious! Hope said he drugged his other victims the same way he'd injected Sherlock before playing the game, and Sherlock hadn't considered the importance. Both pills were the same, and both relatively harmless on their own. The poison was in the reaction between the two drugs. Sherlock has missed the injection site because he'd examined the body in place in her coat and not looked for needle marks on the arms. He hadn't been given permission to see the other bodies or the full autopsy reports, just the preliminary reports he'd snagged off of the D.I.'s desk before he'd been officially allowed on the case. Hope was so confident because it was rigged, completely and from the beginning, so the pills didn't matter. The mind game was just that: a game a murderer played with his victims after he'd already injected them with the substance that would end their lives. John Watson spotted the actual murder weapon when everyone else, including Sherlock, had it wrong. Fascinating.
"Can we define excessive public displays after I thank you for the excellent birthday present the way I want to?" Sherlock asked quietly. The panic was gone, Sherlock's usual catlike grace in evidence as he moved closer.
"Bit of trouble too, I bet," Sherlock prods, and he's either stalling or intentionally being as dramatic and drawn out as possible.
Sherlock woke them both up at half five with a nightmare. This week seemed to be the brunette's turn to fight off PTSD, and they gave up on the bed to turn on all the lights in the flat and make breakfast. John very deliberately started peering out into the back garden through the kitchen window while they were washing up, though he was probably covered in all sorts of clues that something was afoot. Sherlock dried the last dish and stepped up behind John to look out the window into the pre-dawn gloom. John knew the exact second Sherlock spotted the body bag when the younger man twitched, though it was a moment before he spoke.
"I'm not on duty, mate. You see the light?" The cabbie says a bit irritably, pointing up to the roof.
"I need to think, John," Sherlock insisted. "I need to craft a stimulus I can be certain the killer will respond to predictably that would not cause an innocent man to act in similar fashion. I've been constructing a profile of the killer, but there is now a mistake and new behavior to consider. I'm nearly certain, but there are a few additional possibilities I need to visualize before I can move forward." John nodded in response. After a moment he turned back to the kitchen.
," Sherlock explained, flapping his hands around as if trying to swim through the unfamiliar subject matter and looking at everything in the flat except for John. "Sex isn't generally something I voluntarily waste time thinking about, yes, and I do have a low libido, but I am not... that is, it isn't
"Anyone who didn't know where they were going, 'cause they were drunk or lost or new in town," he chuckles. "Anyone I could walk through the wrong door."
"Oh, I, um, looked you up on the Internet last night," John said to Sherlock as he settled into the chair. It was as good a topic as any to start with. Early on in his career a positively ancient doctor had passed down some hard-earned wisdom to John: There is no one who gets lied to more often than an army doctor, and no one more prone to hide weakness than a pumped-up macho soldier with a problem less severe than a severed limb. The advice had proved true. Prior to getting his trauma specialization and unless John's patients were carried in, very few of them admitted to having an issue without a bit of coaching. Even then people often left out details or assumed that half their symptoms were unrelated, a problem John had been dealing with since his very first day on the job during medical school. Spotting the important cues and getting people to talk was a big part of being a good doctor. John was good at that, before, and it was frustrating as hell to have lost so much of that thanks to some amoral fuck-wipes shooting a rocket propelled grenade at a red cross convoy. Sherlock's behavior had cleared away some of the fog that had taken up residence in John's brain, his ability to read people waking up a little out of necessity in the face of the man's oddness.
"Sometimes you don't get all the clues gift wrapped in one package," John countered. "In fact, you repeatedly describe cases where you do as boring and not worth leaving the flat."
"It is a two-patch problem," Sherlock replied, though he wasn't just talking about the case. He'd have used a third if he had it, and now he didn't have any emergency stash left in his coat. He took several slow breaths, holding the patches on his skin to speed the delivery, sighing in relief when he started to feel the change in his personal chemistry. John was thinking. Sherlock could see him without turning toward him using the reflection on the window and every line of the man's body screamed with the effort of processing what he'd just witnessed, but he said nothing. Vague approval dawned in the man's eyes and John gave a silent nod before stepping away.
Just before the pill reaches Sherlock's mouth a gunshot rings out. The window behind the cabbie shatters as a bullet impacts his chest, then goes through his body and smashes into the wall behind Sherlock. As the cabbie slumps forward onto the table, dropping his pill, Sherlock drops his own pill and scrambles back onto his feet in shock. Staring down at the dead man for a moment, he then hurries over to the window as police sirens begin to sound outside. Down in the street another police car screeches to a halt. Inspector Lestrade is prowling around his squad car, calling out to the other police officers already gathered.
Mummy's insistence that Sherlock keep up appearances for someone of his social standing and Mycroft paying the bill to ensure that he could comply worked together to ensure that he received at least one full outfit of high quality in the latest fashion each season if not more as well as a selection of personal grooming items. He'd thought of selling some of his clothes a few times, but his odd size wasn't much in demand even without the custom tailoring and Mycroft would probably find a way to make him pay back whatever value he placed on the used things. He'd collected quite a hoard of clothes over the last half-decade, unable in his technical poverty to rationalize throwing out something of such high value unless it was properly ruined and too cautious of his brother's surveillance to sell the excess just yet. In any case, the fine clothes and soaps had been something he missed during the two years he'd been completely cut off, and he could admit a great deal of personal vanity factored into his willingness to spend his brother's money on high-end clothing and toiletries.
"The whole 'ouse is empty. Even your landlady's away, so there's no point in raising your voice. We're all locked in, nice and snug," the condescending words drip from the man's mouth.
"I've spent the majority of my life in communal living arrangements of one sort or another," the former soldier reminded Sherlock.
"You said there would be a plug there. We could just go," John suggested. Sherlock looked up from the cup in time to see the Doctor shrug. "I'm assuming any stakeout location with electric is also heated, and we won't risk missing something if we get caught in traffic that way."
"There's a good Chinese at the end of the road, stays open 'til two. You can always tell a good Chinese by examining the bottom third of the door handle."
"He's looking for a fare." A woman walks towards the cab and leans down to the left-hand front window to talk to the driver as Angelo walks towards their table carrying the requested glass of wine. Out in the street the woman straightens up again and walks away and the cab's light turns off. Sherlock grins.
"The battery is a bit knackered," John admitted as he pulled it out. He tapped it to check how badly it was drained from chasing Sherlock using his map. "About five percent left, I think. Fou-oh, three now, sorry."
"Look at him, dashing about! My husband was just the same," Mrs. Hudson giggles at Sherlock as he bounds out of the room, full of energy. "But you're more the sitting-down type, I can tell." John just sighs and sinks into the chair. He can almost feel the haze coming back over him now that he doesn't have anything to focus directly on. It's ridiculous, he never needed to be... to be
"Ignore what I just said. It's the shock talking." Sherlock pulls the blanket tighter around his shoulders as he starts to walk towards John. "Probably need this blanket."
Then, Sherlock turned up at John's clinic looking rather worse for wear but very much alive. In what passed for an emotional fit for a Holmes, the dark-haired man proceeded to deduce absolutely everything John had been through in the last two years including the fact that John was currently dating a retired assassin, with commentary on what he should have done or what Sherlock would have done in response to any perceived idiocy. That resulted in a black eye for Sherlock and a rather public break-up for John, and within a week the two men were back at Baker street trying to remember how to live together. Mrs. Hudson brought out the project box when John inevitably came down to visit her, and the work resumed. His plans became somewhat more elaborate than the gag gift the project had started out as, and he spent a fair amount of time working out the details.
"Fun? There's a woman lying dead," John says with a twitch of his right hand on his cane. He still hasn't gotten used to only having one free hand thanks to the stupid thing, and come to think of it he shouldn't transfer anything to or from the handle and will have to do his examination one-handed even after getting down on the floor. Sherlock's eyes dart to the movement before settling back on John's face. He sounds a little disappointed when he replies.
"Oh... oh! To regain the lost dexterity in your dominant hand, yes, I should have realized. I attributed the pressure marks and calluses on your fingers to using that medicinal fidget device you bought," Sherlock said as he hopped into his slippers and shrugged on his coat. "This is extraordinarily detailed! It must have taken ages to make."
That germinating idea was quickly pushed aside by the landlady, Mrs. Hudson, making assumptions about how many bedrooms they would need. That was certainly an alternate solution to the mystery of why Sherlock seemed so keen on John moving in, but despite having had plenty of success in that area over the years he rather doubted Sherlock found him terribly appealing. He hadn't been dressed to impress when they met at Bart's, a depressed mood colored with embarrassment was the opposite of sexy, and neither of them had done anything that was identifiable as flirting. John had enjoyed a lot of female company in the bedroom, something that was well-known about him among his old buddies in and around London, so if Sherlock had somehow gotten a bit of gossip about his potential flatmate beforehand it wouldn't have led him in that direction. Not that he was bigoted, not at all. It was just that anyone who was a bit (or a lot) bent in the Army tended to keep their mouths shut about it and never mind how tolerant the official stance on such things was. It had been half a decade for John, and anyway he was fairly certain there wasn't anyone currently on this continent that knew how open-minded John was on that front, let alone any telling detail still lingering about his person all these years later. So, that theory was properly out.
"Maybe," Sherlock spits back over his shoulder, sounding tetchy and not caring about how transparent his feeling on the matter are, "but he's dead." Sherlock walks away, still clutching the orange blanket. Lestrade snickers quietly, but even with the crowd of idle police hanging around making comments Sherlock still hears it. Sherlock goes straight over to John.
John slips out of his jacket and into the coverall and gloves Sherlock hands him, vague memories of forensic procedures gleaned from pop culture and a couple true-crime novels reminding John that contaminating a crime scene is a big deal. Suiting up wasn't wholly unfamiliar, he had to be sterile during surgery after all, and he deftly slipps into two pairs of gloves without contaminating the outside. The police procedure going on around him was unfamiliar: The few times he'd had to deal with RMPs he'd been removing an injured soldier from a scene as quickly as possible, usually avoiding alcohol-scented vomit as much as he could along the way. They head up the stairs of the disused building to the murder scene. There are a few signs of renovation visible from the stairway, but the building clearly hasn't been properly inhabited for some time. Lestrade fills them in on what is known: footprints from a man about five foot seven. Name Jennifer Wilson based on her credit cards. Found by some kids not long after she died. Scratched a word into the floor with her fingernails as she was dieing.
221 Baker Street turned out to be a well-kept brick building with a little sandwich shop on the street level. Holmes stepped out of a cab just as John was coming down the block from the nearest Tube station, wearing his expensive coat over a very nice suit in stark contrast to John's worn jacket, jumper and jeans. There had been an advert up for the place at some point saying it came fully furnished, but the website had it listed as taken and there was no figure published for the requested rent. An upside-down real estate sign in the window above the sandwich shop told John that the flat wasn't properly on the market at the moment. They exchanged greetings, each awkwardly glad to see the other in the way of perfect strangers who expected to be stood up. Holmes insisted on being called Sherlock as they rung the bell, explaining briefly that he'd secured a discounted rate by ensuring the landlady's husband was convicted of murder. Right then.
and John is shocked at the late hour when he finally stops reading to use the toilet. There is something about a drugged-out son of a lesser blue-blood family getting in a bit of trouble a few years back in the search results as well, but that is a William Sherlock Scott Holmes and so John dismisses it. As a common man with the uncommon middle name Hamish, John knows how some odd old family names can get passed around out of tradition even well after any high-society connection has been watered down to nothing. William could be Sherlock's long lost cousin, and this Sherlock didn't seem the type to blunt his senses with drugs. Not with the way he flaunted his brainpower and observational skill on his website.
"...but performing an autopsy of a complete corpse in here is ridiculous. We'd never fit it on the kitchen table and doing it this way would ruin the floor!"
"Oy! Sherlock!" Rolling his eyes, Sherlock stops and turns to Lestrade as he walks over. "Still got questions for you."
"Proper tools for the autopsy," he explained when Sherlock gave him a raised eyebrow. The brilliant smile he received warmed John all the way through, though that didn't stop him from going to make a pot of fine loose-leaf tea for them to share. Sherlock put on trousers and a rather worn button-down to perform the autopsy, his sleeves rolled up the way he only did when working at home. He absolutely refused to permanently damage any of the knitting and was careful to cut only the nylon threads holding the pieces together and leave any connected organs as they were. This meant coaxing the stomach contents up through the esophagus or through the gaps between the stitches and ensured that it took much longer than John expected.
"Yes, but," Sherlock cut himself off and leaned in, but John reached up to cup his cheeks and hold him off as gently as possible.
"Good god," John said, breathless from laughter but sobering rapidly, "Harry's going to try and drag me out for that."
"Who's that, then?" John says and points. He turns back to the caustic woman and loses his temper for the second time today. "Fuck it. I get that you and Anderson think you don't need his help and don't like him. I've served with plenty of assholes, and maybe you have good reason for not liking him, but greeting a specialist who your boss called in by calling him a freak and shitting on the person standing next to him just because they are in the blast radius of your hate isn't terribly professional. Fair's fair and all, but you didn't notice just shy of two meters of personified flamboyance shimmying up the side of a building instead of leaving. Maybe stop flirting with your co-workers and pay attention to the perimeter you are meant to be keeping, yeah?" As John is speaking Sherlock darts out of view.
Sherlock might not know that John had taken up knitting. In fact, John was nearly sure he didn't, though John could never be certain about these things until he asked in blunt terms. The detective might have deduced John's new little secret and simply thought it was beneath mentioning, he could have deleted it, or he could have missed it entirely. It really was remarkable the sorts of things he could miss or misinterpret. Still, John did his best not to leave any obvious clues. It was possible that Sherlock really didn't know given how critical he was of John's new jumpers, all hand made by members of Mrs. Hudson's knitting circle. Phrases like 'where do you even purchase something so hideous' certainly implied that the younger man hadn't cottoned on to John's textile-based pastime.
"I'm not his date." The defensive tone of the words echoes in parts of Sherlock's memory that have no place in the present moment. He takes a moment as Angelo rambles on to squash the feelings of offense and disappointment before they can properly begin. They had already been through this once this evening. John has been in the closet most of his adult life; Sherlock established that his work is his focus. It is a clear fact that this is not a date and John's tone is likely simple reflex.
"You got me a corpse." It was perhaps a bit abnormal to say those words in that tone of voice, but at least John knew Sherlock was appreciative. The overlarge child raced out into the back garden to claim his new toy in his pajamas and dressing gown. John bundled up quickly and followed with Sherlock's coat and slippers in hand, muttering to himself about how cooperative the weather was being for once. He was under no illusions that any amount of rain or cold would have altered Sherlock's behavior at all. Sherlock was crouched down muttering to himself as he examined the body in the garden when John reached him.
"'Piss off'!" Sherlock scoffs, and they share a bit of a laugh. Well, it could be a little invasive, John supposes, and if Sherlock felt like it he could probably air people's dirty laundry quite easily.
"I realized what I did and changed them while your pet freak was sniffing around, not that he noticed," Anderson huffed, though John saw him tugging at his glove as he turned away from them and hurried back to his team.
"I've seen men die before," John began to speak slowly, looking away uncomfortably as clearly unpleasant memories surface,  "and good men, friends of mine. Thought I'd never sleep again." When he looks back at Sherlock, the tension has gone, leaving his blue eyes as calm as quiet lakes. "I'll sleep fine tonight."
"Yes, well, this is more fun." Sherlock smiles down at him, which is a bit out of place at a murder scene.
"Your box of gibberish is still an abysmal Christmas gift, but can I come upstairs after?" Sherlock said, with a nod toward the loo. "There is no point in depriving ourselves of decent sleep."
"Mrs. Hudson left the kettle full and the cups and saucers out on a tray. You were too deep in thought to notice an air-raid siren, but I figured you kept the honey pot in the box of teabags for a reason," John answered with a shrug. "Couldn't find the rest of the service, but a shot glass does the job."
"How?" Sherlock asks the obvious question. All he can think to do is to stall until he can stand well enough to get out or think well enough to come up with a better plan.
"Because she did. Her handbag – was there a mobile phone in it?" Sherlock replied with a question of his own.
"Jus' round the corner! It's Baker Street!" Sherlock slurs, wobbling around a bit unsteadily as if he can't quite manage flat pavement.
"Oh, I don't think so. Not your kind of murder," Sherlock says as he slowly hauls himself to his feet, looking down at the cabbie and smiling.
"This is my flat," he says weakly. Obvious, dull, but it should buy a bit of time talking while his head clears up.
"Of course I'm all right." And so he was, but that didn't quite fit with his personality as Sherlock understood it. He was a doctor - do no harm and all that.
"What did you think?" Tense with nerves, or perhaps eager to impress? The man was a bit public school, with a lot of expensive belongings, but looking to cut costs with a flat-share. There were plenty of spare sons of such-and-such blue-blooded line in the army, used to a certain standard of living before being weaned - or kicked - off the family bankroll. John was familiar with the breed. A bit of a show-off, then? John could work with that. John nudges his way past the posed stance Sherlock hid behind by scoffing quietly at Sherlock's question with calculated precision. Nervous, clearly, and very concerned about John's reaction going by the way the man's expressive face crumbles at the dismissal.
the main door of the flat. A second, frosted glass door led to the first floor bedroom from there. The stair did a ninety degree turn every half-story, so it wasn't exactly wide open to the foyer, but the upstairs resident would still be crossing the semi-shared space of the open stairwell to get to it. A quick trip downstairs to assess how much traffic would be in the stairwell showed John the door to 221A, a door into the back garden, and a door in the very back of the foyer labeled 221C. Mrs. Hudson lived in 221A, which she told them on the way up was tucked around the sandwich shop on the ground floor. So, the door to C either lead up to the second floor via an old servant's stair or down to a basement, meaning they wouldn't be sharing the stairwell with the top floor neighbors after all. Still, he'd have to invest in a less worn-out dressing gown or risk occasionally scandalizing the rest of the building. He carried on through the bath into the first floor bedroom which also attached to the oddly shaped sitting room on the main level near the couch. It was done up in plain paint the same pea-green color that accented the bath with decent enough furniture currently buried under another load of semi-unpacked boxes and open garment bags. It was on the smaller side for a primary bedroom even when John considered that the clutter likely made it feel smaller, though it had a generously-sized closet. A closet that already had more clothes hanging in it than John owned. Sherlock was either a clotheshorse or a pack rat, possibly both. All told, the layout of the first floor was essentially an uneven horseshoe with the stairwell in the middle and a few extra nooks and corners in every room as leftovers from the place being carved up and modernized. Not terrible for a London flat.
"Ah, now that was a case!" Angelo says wistfully and begins to roll up his shirtsleeves. Sherlock puts his coat on. "Same again?"
"She never made it to a hotel. Look at her hair! Color-coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. A woman like that would never leave the hotel with her hair still looking that ..." Sherlock babbles out the same thing John's slower mind was just processing before suddenly stopping and going wide-eyed. "Oh. Oh!" Sherlock's face lights up and he scampers out of the room, tugging at the blue cover-alls as he goes. John instinctively follows, which is a developing habit he's going to have to assess later.
"You risked your life four times just to kill strangers," Sherlock says with a frown. "You're dying, aren't you?" The cabbie's eyes flicker but he manages to hold Sherlock's gaze.)
"I know." He turns his head to glance over his shoulder at the flashing lights reflecting on the window pane. "I'm not blind."
"God, yes!" John gasps out like a prayer. Sherlock spins on his heel and John is already following him at a decent speed out the door and into a waiting cab.
"Er, Inspector Lestrade, to my certain knowledge, this man hasn't eaten for several days. Now, if you want him alive for your next case, what he's gonna do right now is have dinner," John explained to the D.I. Sherlock simply stared at the smaller man, preening as discretely as possible at John's protective streak.
John didn't say so, but it was obvious from the way his eyes flicked over the plates and Sherlock's body that John was surprised at how much the skinny detective had eaten. It was true that it had been more than a day since Sherlock had had anything solid to eat, but short-term fasting was nothing new to him. The large meal was fairly standard at the end of a case, and discretely adjusting his belt to accommodate it was a practiced motion. He hoped that the doctor's interest in his eating habits wouldn't become troublesome. Before long they were both finished. There wasn't enough left to warrant a take-out box, and they started back towards the flat.
“I know that. Father’s Day is for Daddy, though. I need Papa to help me make breakfast, and to draw something for Daddy.” Rosie hurries, to catch up with Emma. “And Papa gets his own day. Daddy and I made pancakes for him. He likes those, with a lot of sugar.”
“You know you lack the imagination for that, John. I’m here.” Sherlock’s voice is quiet but laced with the usual arrogance, as he reads his mind again, and John doesn’t know if he wants to punch or hug him. Thankfully, the state he’s in – the fact that he can barely move – means he doesn’t need to make that decision, because in reality he can’t do either..
He is still lovesick, but at least the kittens are real, little balls of fur sleeping curled up against the detective and seeking his warmth. John can only see the mop of dark curls and the detective’s torso and long legs, but he knows he is asleep as well, the orange kitten resting against his bare feet, the grey one on his belly and the tuxedo cat on the arm rest close to his head.
I cannot imagine not wanting to press my lips against John’s, to feel them warm and soft under my own, as they are now. John always has to pull me down a bit, his perfect hands grabbing the lapels of my coat and nuzzling our noses together. My husband surprises me, as I feel the press of his teeth tug at my lower lip, turning what I thought would be a series of closed-mouthed kisses into something deeper with tongues and teeth and hands pulling at hair involved. Lovely. It makes my skin tingle and my heart race.
There wasn’t much to show inside. Isla had a large kitchen with a dinner table tucked into the far corner and a door led to the living room and terrace. Upstairs, they found two bedrooms and a bathroom, the only room that seemed to have been renovated to make it easily accessible for a woman in her eighties.
Okay, so I thought this was just a one shot, but now the story isn't letting me go… I really want to continue this! What do you think?
Time is their enemy, pulling them apart. John wants to kiss him again, wants him to curl up in bed next to him, to be held until he feels better. Instead, he watches as the detective puts the glasses and coat back on and steps towards the door. “I’ll meet you at 221B Baker Street,” he says with a wink. And then he is gone.
He had promised himself that he would never again leave Sherlock’s side, not now that he knows what losing him feels like, how it has torn him apart. John is not going to risk that, not for some silly crush.
John is one of them. He likes crime novels, Doctor Who and has hinted at wanting to go to Cornwall for a bit of hiking. The only person currently in my life who knows how I feel is Mycroft. He is clever, and on good days I can admit that he is cleverer than I am, especially in his choice of occupation. International conflicts are more common than intelligent criminals, he can keep himself busy. Still, he isn’t the one to know how to handle me.
“Bye!” She calls out to Emma, before she runs towards the road, bouncing up and down as she waits for the traffic light to switch to green. She waves at Papa and he waves back before his hand disappears back into the pocket of his coat.
John understands. Things have been good for the past few months, a routine has been established for the three of them and after everything that happened they’ve finally started to feel comfortable around each other again. It's more than that though, John might not be as observant as the world’s only consulting detective but he has noticed the way Sherlock looks at him and then looks away when John turns his head. He has witnessed small smiles and blushes whenever they are in close proximity. There were touches too, the brush of a hand against his arm or John letting his palm linger at the small of Sherlock’s back for longer than strictly necessary. It was a wonderful new development, a small, tender thing that made John’s belly flutter the moment he thought about it and going away, even for a bit, he feared would break the spell.
At a fork, John took only a few seconds to remember where to go and they crossed the small bridge over the brook to duck under the low hanging branch of a beech tree. The trail had grown in quite a bit, not being used as much anymore, but it was still visible.
“Should we check out the woods?” John suggested, knowing he wasn’t getting any more food into his daughter anyway. “I want to see whether our favourite spot still looks the same. He doubted it, of course. Nature had the habit of changing things, especially over the span of twenty years, but it would still be beautiful there.
John unwraps the book for me, and I reach out to skim through the pages. “Neither am I.” I say, agreeing. “Mein Deutsch ist nicht besonders gut.“
“Bad day?” He says, tilting his head. He looks lovely from this angle, which should be impossible, and I am a little less bored just from looking at him. It takes me a little longer from down here to deduce every single one of his sixteen, no seventeen patients. Even he found them dull, and his tolerance for people exceeds mine by far.
“How is it, Sherlock Holmes, that you look even more beautiful than usual?” He whispers and the “sentiment” I give as an answer sounds less sarcastic than I had intended it to.
“I cannot stay. There is so much I still must do, until every last trace of Moriarty is wiped from this earth. But I will come back, John. I promise. I will return to London, and to you, as soon as I can.” Sherlock squeezes his hand again, then lifts it to his mouth to breathe a kiss against the bruised skin.
“You’re welcome, love. Just wanted to make today good for you after last year’s disaster.” John wraps his arm loosely around Sherlock’s middle, stroking up and down his back. “I’ve never really asked why you love Halloween so much.”
When John returns from the shops, I have relocated to the sofa. He comes in, footsteps only barely heavier than when he left, stops briefly at the door, then walks up to the kitchen. I can hear him putting away a few things, before the sound of chopping something from earlier continues. He left his half-finished supper to give me space, this wonderful, considerate man. I don’t move, listen to him, and think about how happy he makes me.
“Well, not for lack of reasons,” John says, nibbling at my chin. In revenge, I stab my finger into that incredibly ticklish place in his ribs. Another advantage of having shared two decades together: I have learned all these things about John. He breathes a laugh, flinches away and I lift my hands in a peace offering.
But now, Sherlock is far away from Baker Street, in the middle of nowhere, and someone just triggered one of his alarm systems, and John is not here, Sig in his hand, to deal with the intruder. Sherlock gets up to deal with it himself.
“After a while, yes. But first, I had to be brave enough to kiss him. Which, I have to admit, took some time.”
I wait for the sound of his plate against the desk, before I sit up and flop down again, face pressed into his lap. He smells of the cold air outside, still, of the food he had and of John-ness, which is my favourite. He makes one of those small sounds that is partly surprise and laughter, then his hand in my hair.
“You would yell at me and tell me how important your work as a general physician is.” I escape the situation with an attempt of humour, and he catches on.
John is so deeply integrated into the work, both as my conductor of light, and as a great shot with a vicious right hook who tackles men -and women- no matter their size all in my defense. He protects me with all he can without question, and this loyalty is surely more than I deserve.
When he returns, Sherlock is sitting at the desk, hair ruffled and legs tucked to his chest, staring at John’s computer screen. John freezes. The document with his list is still open and clearly, the detective has seen it.
My first stop is John’s laptop. Password: Shergetoffmypc. I check my email, but the most interesting thing is a missing parrot.
So yes, I can believe it. I can believe we’ll spend the rest of our lives here at this place where the murmuring ocean is a constant companion and the wind sings us to sleep every night. I want those morning walks and evenings on the sofa as much as the trips back to London for those above-eight cases and the nights hunched over my microscope, before crawling into bed and melting into John’s warmth. I believe that my bees and his books will keep us content, even though they are far from the murder and mayhem of the city. And on those days when they don’t seem enough, John will be at my side to occupy my brain – and not only in that way, thank you very much.
“I meant us. It’s been twenty bloody years since we kissed for the first time,” John steps closer, and I lean down to kiss him. Two decades of kissing. Our kisses might have grown less passionate than in the first view months of dating, but they are still special, a shared intimacy that is just for us, my John and I. They are rituals – kisses good morning and good night, hello and goodbye, but so much more. Wordless I-love-yous and I-want-yous, sorrys and you’re-welcomes. And they happen, sometimes, without any real reason, just because we want to.
“Oh, I will, Captain Holmes,” he retorts, countering the first attack. Wood and metal meet each other in a dull sound, and John can’t hold back the giggle as they make their way around the kitchen table, ignorant to their interior. Sherlock is a great fencer, John not so much, and by the time they reach the living room, the broom clatters to the floor.
Having lived with the detective for three years –with a two-year break- John knows that the object currently holding Sherlocks attention could be anything. A human head, or the contents of a rubbish bin, John is fully awake by now.
My John is magnificent, and I notice that most in those moments of quiet, when he makes dinner in our kitchen in practiced moves. He’d never know. Maybe, I will tell him someday. He’d think it romantic, and there is surely going to be a moment where I annoy him and have to make up for it.
We come to stand by the water, Mike and Greg waiting next to the registrar, and I fix my eyes on John, knowing that if I even glance in Mrs. Hudson’s direction, I will break down. Her unwavering support of our relationship from the beginning means everything and I promise myself I’ll hug her and tell her just that if I happen to find a quiet moment later. I am, after all, a groom and allowed all that sentimental stuff today.
John is pulled out of his thoughts by Graham yawning and getting to his feet. The little one stretches, brushes his tongue over his right leg, before jumping to the floor. With a look at John, he walks directly to the kitchen.
“Look, Dimmock.” John finally says. “We’ve been through this two times. I haven’t had anything to eat since I got off the surgery. So, if that’s it, we’re going home.” He smiles, politely, and gets up. Nothing about him requires an answer from DI Dimmock, who is clever enough to just nod and wish us a good evening.
“What do you need milk for?” He asks, wondering if it might be dangerous to step closer – but it’s not like that’s stopped him before.
A giggle rips from his throat, and he is enveloped in strong arms a moment later. This is fun, so he will refrain from getting Sherlock naked for just a bit longer.
“God, even the noises you make while eating are cute.” John butters four slices of toast, adds jam on half of them and leaves the others plain for Sherlock. He arranges them on two plates and places them on the kitchen table.
John wants to tell him that it's three in the morning, and that they haven’t seen each other in days, instead, he just brushes a strand of hair from his forehead.
SMA. The letters were delicate as if written by hand, printed onto the envelope in a dark red – the colour of love. Fourteen years too late, Sherlock held his letter in his hand. No mistake. It was addressed to William Sherlock Scott Holmes of 221B Baker Street, London.
A brisk nod, and John can see the anger at whoever did this plainly written onto his face. “They need special formula for kittens, but regular milk will have to do for now.”
“I know, Sherlock.” John reaches out, fingers closing around Sherlock’s shoulder to squeeze it and he lets his palm rest against the soft fabric of his pyjama top for a moment longer than is strictly necessary... or appropriate for that matter. How easy it would be, to let his fingers travel along Sherlock’s shoulder, stroke his pale, soft skin and tuck back that one stray curl. Oh, and to rest his forehead in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, breathe in his scent. Nowhere, John is sure, would he ever feel more safe than with his flat mate’s arms wrapped around him.
“We’ll need kitten milk, and they might be old enough to try cat food too, a litter box, and a cat bed.” Sherlock’s hair is damp, he smells of sage and honey, and he is reading John’s thoughts again.
Sherlock listens into the dark. This area is big, an old hospital. Whoever is out there might not even come to his room or want to stay.
Forever is a word I rarely use, not only because it is an incomprehensible, unquantifiable concept, but because it is used so often it loses all meaning, and by people with barely enough brain cells to know how long thirty seconds are.
The detective pouts, his full lower lip sticking out and John has to lower his gaze for a moment. “Why?” he asks.
Only when Sherlock chuckles does John notice that he said all of that out loud and he blushes a bit.
The words warm John’s heart, the persistent love he has for this man bubbling up to the surface. It makes his heart beat just a bit faster, pinkens his cheeks and makes his palms go sweaty.
“It’s a bit mean.” John says, and a person less trained at hiding their reactions might have jumped at how suddenly he speaks. Instead, I can redirect that surprise into a seemingly uninterested hum. He is behind me, having moved without my notice and I close my eyes when he presses three quick kisses to the nape of my neck. “How you look so beautiful in moments where me getting all hot and bothered over you is completely inappropriate.”
I’m crying, I realise, and warm thumbs brush my tears away, John’s finger fingertips whispering, reassuring against my sensitive skin. I have, in the past, taken in the lines of John’s hands with my eyes, fingers, and tongue, sorted the weathered texture and the feel of each of them to the point where I could distinguish them from among dozens, if it ever became necessary, and somehow the contours of them calm me deeply. My tears stop, after a bit, and only then does John speak.
Papa smiles at that, and it looks a little sad. Not sad, but the thing where adults think back to old times and miss it a bit, which is  stupid, now is a very good time too.
The preparations continue – light candles, start the music, get the cake out of the fridge. John hurries, always listening for the sounds coming from the bathroom. The shower starts and stops, and he can hear wet feet on the tiles.
The old man is limping a bit, and years of homelessness have painted lines onto his face that run deep. His grey, dirty hair sticks out from under a winter hat that has seen better days. He looks tired, not just physically but tired of life as if he has seen too many things in his time on earth.
Sherlock knows he will have to leave in the morning. He is not interested in sharing a house with anyone, not in such close proximity. In his mind, he runs through all the other abandoned houses in the city he is aware of, knowing he will need somewhere to stay for at least one more week.
“Oh, yes, that too,” John smiles up at me, and I get distracted by the laugh lines around his mouth. They are deeper and numerous now than they were when I first met him, and he tries to hide them behind a full beard now - he does look very sexy in one, or else I would have convinced him to shave. He doesn’t like getting older. He has taken up running and even works out in those track pants that flatter his figure so well (and I’m sure I’ll get a halfhearted smacking if I ever mention that to him). For my part, I love that I get to watch him grow older. It means that with all of our adventures, he never got hurt – not fatally – and that he has never gotten annoyed with me enough to leave me. That we still love each other. Not everyone gets that privilege.
“God, Sherlock. Sorry, I was so focused on… I didn’t even think… what it would mean. God, Sherlock.”
He smells of the lavender hand soap and the new laundry detergent he bought a few days ago, he’s warm and it is an instinct to melt against him. I hold back, closing my eyes for a moment, before my focus returns to the particles under my microscope. They look familiar, and I adjust the slide with my right hand.
At that thought, John notes that they should have the three of them checked up by a vet soon, just to make sure they are doing okay, they look better already after a night in the warm flat.
He leans forward, forehead forming that lovely line as he considers the passers-by, making their way home or enjoying a run.
Sherlock uses John’s distraction against him, and with the blink of an eye, John is pressed against the bookshelves, the rapier close to his throat.
“Hmm yes, that is a risk I am willing to take.” John  loosened his grip and stepped towards the bed. He crawled under the duvet, which was all the invitation I needed and I pillowed my head on his chest.
It looked as if its owner would come back at any moment, the first blooms of spring sprouting and the flower beds prepared for planting. That wouldn’t happen yet. Still, it was better than the house right now, and John led Sherlock around while Rosie continued exploring everything.
As it is, John isn’t doing much at the moment, just standing there and staring at me, as he dries off his damp hands on his jeans - thank god he doesn’t care for fashion, it would be grave bodily harm to any kind of suit trouser to be misused as a towel.
Thank you so much to _S_IRIS_ on twitter for beta reading this one. Thank you for putting this much time and effort into this chapter and adding a few cute little scenes to it :)
They called me a freak when I started school for being too quiet and when I started talking, they called me freak for the things I said. Freak accompanied me through uni and in my darkest days, not hearing it for a few years was the only good thing.
He looks thin and tired, his curls long enough for him to wear tied back. It is the power of the white coat, and the way he confidently holds himself that fooled everyone – and for a moment, even John – into thinking he is an intern. The disguise melts away as soon as he notices John’s eyes on him. With a few large steps, Sherlock is by his side. And John does not know how to feel or what to believe.
“Ready to walk down that aisle, then, gorgeous?” John asks, voice rough with emotion. Until this moment, I never understood what was so special about the bureaucratic act of getting a marriage licence. As is my treatment of sentimentality, I was blind to it until I actually had to encounter it. It is so very extraordinary. Every person who plays an important role in my life is here. There is no need for us to do this, but we have made the choice to do this, just for us. And it deserves to be special. That’s why we chose this location, these suits, these guests. That’s why we’ll have cake and a dance floor. And that’s why, at the end of the day, a car will be waiting for us to take us to our honeymoon destination: the cottage where I asked John to marry me.
I find John's gaze grow quizzical — I have obviously been quiet for too long — but his eyes still retain the optimistic glow I love so unabashedly. An irrational idea seizes me and  I find myself kicking my shoes off along with my socks and fumble with rolling up my trousers. The ground is cold, and I can feel the round pebbles against the soles of my feet. The water glides over my toes, and I curl them to feel the texture of the small stones. It feels nice, I must admit. I have to reach out to tuck a strand of hair behind his ear only for the wind to get it loose again.
But now, here he is, and the frustration is all consuming. He does not want to hear about how his wound is healing nicely, or how there is a risk of infection. He does not want physical therapy, does not want to have to train and get massages and take pain medication, because it means that after all this time, he has gotten no further than he was years ago: jobless, homeless, friendless. Sherlockless.
Papa looks at the path ahead when he continues talking. “I was very happy to have you living with me. The two of us would stay up all night sometimes, when you had a tummy ache or just didn’t want to sleep, we would read stories or chat, even when you could only say three or four words at the time.”
She doesn’t answer, of course, though she looks at him as if she could at any moment if she wanted to. He is surprised by her friendliness towards him after all the bad experiences she had probably gone through with other humans, experiences that made her and her siblings end up in a dirty London alley.
John watches as Sherlock lets go of the door handle, likely to undress, and he is tempted for a moment to join him, wrap his arms around him, kiss the pale skin of his back, all wet and soft from the shower. It’s tempting, but there is so much left to do. John takes a deep breath and starts to undress, revealing his own costume. He puts on a waist coat which feels surprisingly heavy for a Halloween costume.
“I’ll have to pick up a few things at Tesco’s anyway.” A lie, he went there this morning, and his shopping lists are always on point. He is giving me space to work, taking away any distraction and his consideration fills me with so much love for my John, the man whom I have made believe that I was dead for two years, leading him into the arms of a woman who broke his heart further by letting him believe her daughter was his for too long. Still, he is so kind to me, so loving, and I want to drop to my knees and ask him to marry me right now. The thought is surprising, but I can’t find it in me to regret it. I will have to revisit it in future when I am not surrounded by his smell and warmth.
Now, he is back where he had been in 2009, with his shoulder pierced by a bullet and his head filled with images of blood and death, and that makes dark red anger flair up in his chest.
“Or,” John cleared his throat “You could join us and we could make a little holiday out of it.”  Almost immediately he wanted to take the words back. As if a holiday sounded appealing to the smartest brain in Britain, he should have invented a case or something like that.
“Ability to be quiet.” John interrupted with a chuckle, I looked up to find him smiling with his eyes closed.
“Yes, I do.” My voice sounds strange in my ears, and I fix my gaze on John, on my husband, who is crying, now. My husband, those words echo inside me. I refrain from asking him if they are happy tears because, as much as I like our bickering, I am close to tears myself. My hands tremble but I manage to get the silver band onto John’s ring finger, bringing it to my lips and pressing a kiss where metal meets skin.
There are a few options. They can call a shelter in the morning and drop them off there, where the experts can take care of the orphans. Or they could post on the blog about it, find new homes for them as quickly as possible. But then John has seen Sherlock’s eyes, has seen the way his flatmate looked at the little ones, and he knows already that there is no point in fighting him on this. As he glances over at the three, he wonders if he even wants to. He has a few days off, anyway, and it can’t be rocket science, can it? They can still be rehomed in a few weeks once they have gained a bit of weight.
I kiss his hair, bury my nose in it to be surrounded by his scent. My eyes find the ocean, and I take in his seeming endlessness. Its waves will crash against these shores for a long time after we are gone. And I will love John Watson as long as my heart beats. I whisper that into his ear – too old to care about being perceived as romantic. He shudders against me, holds me closer.
Watery eyes look up at Sherlock for a moment. He says something, his voice muffled behind his beard, and lifts his hand to point out the sleeping bag he is carrying.
“I don’t know how that is important John. We have more than once successfully cuddled while having intense and important conversations.”
Rosie reaches out to pet her horse’s neck, she's pretty, white with brown spots everywhere, like a humongous dalmatian. Rosie still needs help, and there is a woman, Kathy, leading her.
“I don’t think they have those at Tesco’s. But I’ll ask.” He kisses me one more time, before I hear him getting to the door, slipping into his shoes. The sound of his footsteps descends down the stairs and is swallowed by the London traffic, before the front door is fully shut.
I was wrong about his suit. He isn’t wearing black, or a blue shirt. Instead, his suit is charcoal and his shirt has the same burgundy colour as mine. It brings out his broad shoulders and sturdy legs perfectly and does wonders for his hips.
I was interrupted by the full weight of John Watson pressing me into the mattress, arms squeezing tight.
“It is quite fascinating how people are convinced of its existence. They want her to be real.” Sherlock ended his monologue, grabbing another piece of toast to offer to Rosie. She took it from him, but decided she would rather eat it in his lap, so she crawled over, resting her head against his chest to look up into the branches of the large tree.
“I was chasing the suspect down an alley when I heard them. Forgot about the suspect. Gavin was there anyway. I couldn’t let them starve, John.” The detective’s voice gets all soft, as he leans down and looks at the small ones from up close. “They can’t be older than six or seven weeks.”
The waves lap up the shore as they have for millions of years, and will for another eternity until the sun burns out. Not that I care much about things like that, the beginning and ends of worlds, planets, star signs, and the universe, not even after John started teasing me about it. All that matters is now. All that I care for is the tendril of seawater touching, kissing my John’s toe, John who, like a little child, couldn’t wait to kick his shoes off as soon as we had reached the beach and is now smiling happily. He has his jeans carelessly pushed up his calves, and the wind rumples up his silver hair the way I usually do.
“Yes, darling?” Papa looks very elegant sitting on the back of a fox. That’s what they call brown horses.
Sherlock kisses him. “I could get used to that title.” He looks around the room. “Cake first,” he decides, pulling John towards the kitchen.
“Well, Watson, I think I will remain clothed for a bit longer, now,” Sherlock rasps against his cheek, leaving a kiss at the spot where ear meets jaw. It’s lovely and John moves towards him, stealing a kiss.
And isn’t that a very Sherlockian answer, the detective’s brain is surely ten steps ahead already. “Cats? Does this have to do with the case? You haven’t solved it yet?”
There is a nudge against his ankle and John looks down to find the grey kitten looking up at him with big eyes. “Well hello. You scared the hell out of me.” He leans down to pet her, she rubs her tiny head against the inside of John’s palm and it does not take more for John to fall in love with her. “You definitely are the cutest stray Sherlock has ever brought here. Not that the drug dealers and homeless people put up much of a competition.” He strokes behind her ears.
Rosie, once Sherlock let her down to roam free, began looking into every corner, showing off random things she found on the shelves and hanging on the walls. There was so much for her to to explore and for John to rediscover. Isla’s apron was hanging by the door and John touched the chequered fabric carefully.
“I do. Still, I’d prefer it if our cuddling didn’t end in me overheating and cooking alive due to your body warmth.”
He expects Sherlock to be full of energy, buzzing with the adrenaline that a successful case brings – John knows that buzz firsthand and wishes he could have joined him. Sherlock is most beautiful then, glowing even, and when he slowly calms down, sipping a cup of tea John has made for him, he seems so calm, almost vulnerable and John secretly enjoys those moments.
The man in front of him is dead. He watched him fall off a building, desperately tried to find his pulse when he was motionless and bleeding on the tarmac in front of Barts Hospital. And for a moment, just seeing that face brings pure joy. Within a second, his joy is dampened by the realisation that this must be a dream, a cruel joke his brain is playing on him.
“There is no time for explanations, John. In short, I’m not dead. But I might be, if the rest of Moriarty’s network find out I’m here. So, no shouting, if you please.”
I am bored, horribly so, and John has hidden my gun. I presume he handed it to Mrs. Hudson for safekeeping. She is very protective of her walls so there is no chance I can get it from her, it’s only a short distraction anyway.
I don't live too far away and the case has fascinated me for years. I'd be happy to chat about it, if you are interested.
I have to cut the thought short as he is about to turn, and I don’t want to be caught staring. Before we started dating I often used to watch him, pretending to look at something under my microscope, blind to the affection he already had for me then, and would wonder what the top of his head would smell like, among other, less innocent thoughts. I remember that with a smile, which I hope he misses, thinking that I have eyes for nothing but the case right now.
That tiny hope, that John’s name was on the letter, died within Sherlock, his stomach tying into even tighter knots.
, Sherlock thinks, relieved. Yes, this situation might still be dangerous – people are protective of what little they own – but there is nothing in the man’s features, from what little he can see in the dimmed light coming from the streetlamp outside, that suggests he came here to harm or kill him.
To his own shame, Sherlock felt like giving up, already. He forced himself to look at John, finding that the sadness had drained from the doctor’s face. Instead, there was an anger Sherlock hadn’t expected.
After returning from the bathroom, which now has the addition of a litter box- the poshest one he has ever seen, all black and silver- John decides to make breakfast, just in case Sherlock decides to wake up in the next half an hour – he is used to uneaten toast and scrambled eggs gone cold. Still, he has not given up on feeding Sherlock Holmes over the years.
The first familiar face I spot is that of Molly Hooper. She is wearing another horrid dress, orange this time, and a large flower in her hair.
Still, it is the only word I can use to describe the car ride from Baker Street to Kew Gardens, where we will be married in front of the smaller of the two Victorian glasshouses. I deduce my nervousness the speed with which my index finger drums against my thigh The houses on each side of the road pass me by at the rate of an inch per minute. 11:46:13, my watch says, as I check it for the seventeenth time. I will be John Watson’s husband in less than thirty minutes, the ceremony beginning in less than fifteen.
John’s lips were on his, the kiss almost brutal in its despair, teeth licking against each other, lips crushing together until they felt numb from the pressure. They clung to each other, their fingers curled in hair and suit jackets, tearing, wanting, needing.
Suddenly, the union jack pillow is flung through the air and hits Sherlock right in the face, knocking the hat off his head. John holds on to one corner, striking out for his next hit. He is briefly distracted by Sherlock’s facial expression, which, after he recovers from the surprise, pulls into a smile.
When a queen bee’s reign ends due to old age or illness, the worker bees end her life in an unusual way. Known among beekeepers and etymologists as “balling” and colloquially as “cuddle death,” the worker bees swarm over her body en masse. The blanket of workers raises the queen’s temperature and the ensuing hyperthermia kills the queen.
“Mostly the fact that you are very sexy,” John grins against my lips. And I want to argue. I want to tell him that I have wrinkles now. That my hair is white and my body is shrinking together. But I know he has aged too and pointing out the signs of my ageing that would make him think he is not attractive to me anymore – the opposite being true – so I bite back my comment.
They giggle, which seems to scare the tuxedo cat, as she hides behind the curtains. That only makes them laugh louder, her shocked and offended face hilarious. When they calm down, John asks. “So, any suggestions?”
The old man’s sandpaper voice pulls him from his musings. From a string of Czech words, he can hear one clearly.
That private smile Sherlock only uses on him and Mrs. Hudson, appears on the detective’s face. “Thank you.” He says, and John thinks he would adopt three full grown tigers to the flat if he only got to see that once more.
A body was found chained to the bottom of the Thames over two months after the death  and only my research – prompted by the husband stumbling into 221B three days ago- had made it possible to retain it. Now, said husband had become the main suspect, spouses always are, until the Metropolitan Police start listening to me, and as they are idiots, they only do that when I present the proof on a silver plate, make it obvious even to the smallest of minds.
“I’m not tired, John.” I protested, stopping shortly before the opened bedroom door and forcing him to do the same. John turned, squeezed my hand - just what I wanted.
Why could this bullet not just have ended it this time, let him go into the dark, which compared to this grey room, this grey, dull world, seems so appealing?
We make it up the stairs and onto the sofa, my head resting on his chest, he reaches out and hands me the paper back.
“Agreed.” We play that one frequently. I give him deductions, and he has to guess who they belong to, and be quick, as people are coming and going. He is horribly bad at it, and a constant source of my amusement.
He stops in his steps where the hallway opens up to the kitchen and I hold myself back from looking up at him. I know he’s wearing that blue jumper and checked button-down shirt underneath, looking all unassuming and middle-aged. I still suspect a trick behind that, that somehow he will reveal himself to be the proverbial wolf in sheep’s clothing.
“And I like deducing them. Costumes tell a lot about the inner workings of a person. Their wishes and desires, who they really are,” he says, apparently not wanting to continue that conversation.
John bites his lip. He knows exactly who Sherlock means by that, and it always makes his heart flinch a bit for him. Today, it is the answer he had hoped for.
And that is the story of how it took the combined forces of a consulting detective, an army doctor, and a yellow rubber duck to successfully get a four-year-old in the bath.
There was a period in John’s life when all he wanted was for time to move quicker. Minutes seemed like hours, alone in his bedsit.
People who’d experienced Sherlock assumed he was cold, heartless, unemotional, because that was the mask the detective preferred to show an unforgiving world afraid of what it couldn’t understand. No one ever took the time to really
Later, after examining what he thought was every possible scenario, the one he had somehow missed came tumbling through the door, her lips firmly attached to John’s. Sherlock upheld his long-standing practice of schooling his emotions, keeping his face passive as the giggling couple went upstairs.
“Sherlock, wait!” John shouts as Sherlock vaults over the fence. He grabs the impatient detective by the lapels of his ridiculous coat and tugs, bringing their faces level and only inches apart. “We’re going to need to coordinate.”
But Sherlock was interrupted by the door opening, revealing a nurse holding a tightly-wrapped blue bundle. She smiled at the suddenly frozen pair. “Would you like to meet your son?”
"Yes, very good. It's a natural process; it can't hurt you." Sherlock said sincerely, wiping away the little boy's tears. Hamish gave him a small smile. Sherlock returned it and stood up, carrying Hamish back to his bedroom.
Thanks for reading!! I had an idea that perhaps I would go back and re-write some of my early drabbles? This story has been updating for years, and as such, I absolutely hate my early ones. They're pretty cringey to who I am as a writer now. So look out for that at some point I suppose :)
P.S. If you happen to be waiting for Chapter 11 of And Death Shall Have No Dominion, IT'S COMING I PROMISE!! So sorry for the wait, my last exam is tomorrow and then I'm free for the summer! :)
“There is an explanation for that if you’ll give me a moment,” Sherlock replies before rifling through a nearby drawer.
Just a random pre-slash drabble written in the early hours of the morning :) Hope it's okay, haven't done one in a while. Enjoy!
Also, I've decided to mark this fic as "complete", but it never actually will be. I'll keep updating whenever I feel like writing, but as this story has no order or connecting storyline, I felt I was justified in marking it technically "complete" after every update. Feel free to subscribe to it if you'd like to be notified when I upload a new drabble, and please comment if there's something in particular you'd like to see :D
No one was shocked when Sherlock and John got together. Which is understandable, considering most of them thought it was already happening, and the rest thought it would happen eventually. However, contrary to popular belief, it was nothing spectacular that brought them together. It wasn’t one big singular event, but rather a chain of small events leading up to an inevitable conclusion.
John looks at the clock on the wall before glancing down at his watch, as if consulting a different source will somehow change the result. He is convinced that all the hypochondriacs in London decided to make an appointment, just to torment him.
Also, I apologize if any of you are still waiting for Chapter 4 of And Death Shall Have No Dominion, I'm working on it I swear, bear with me <3
The vacancy of Sherlock’s expression is troubling, and sometimes John fears that whatever intrinsic matter that makes up
THIS WAS ORIGINALLY OVER 400 WORDS OMG! It was so hard to edit down haha :P But I hope you enjoyed it! Written during class, once again exemplifying how good of a student I am (not lol). Please leave your thoughts down in the comments below <3
John sat on a chair, his hands clasped anxiously in front of him, but when he spoke, it was with a baffling self-assured calm. “I’m sure everything’s fine.”
"It's been amazing watching you guys grow closer over the years, the bond between you growing stronger every day. You've both been through so much and you've stuck together through it all. John, I told you once that Sherlock was a great man and that one day, if we were very lucky, he might even be a good one. Well, you've helped him achieve that and so much more. I wish you two every happiness and Sherlock? I'm proud of the man you've become."
“He learns that from you, you know,” John added, gesturing to the sulking boy. Sherlock rolled his eyes in response and the two got to work.
Later, when he opens the door of 221B, a horrific burning smell fills his nose. He heads towards the kitchen.
Back at it again! Wanted to do some writing but was too lazy to work on my bigger projects :P Here's some good ol' John Watson angst for you instead!
One might argue that Sherlock Holmes didn’t need anybody, that he was the exception to “no man is an island”. This assumption, according to John, would be wrong. John was a moral compass, a doctor, a friend, and – on occasion – a stand-in for the skull. Sherlock might not need John in a typical capacity, but he needed him nonetheless.
John narrows his eyes, shuffling forward until he’s right in front of Sherlock. He reaches out and touches Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock closes his eyes, leaning into it, before he’s pulled into an embrace so firm and fervent it would be uncomfortable if they both didn’t need it so, so badly.
"Do you, John Hamish Watson, take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, for better, for worse, in sickness and health, until death do you part?"
"So… this is it, huh? We all saw it coming of course, even before these two did." he said, gesturing toward the smiling couple.
So, after a crazy long break from doing these, I thought I'd give one a shot! Hope you enjoy and sorry for the little bit of angst :P
“I think we should go,” John said. “We did kind of skip over the whole ‘meet the parents’ part of our relationship.”
I've decided that I think I'm going to re-write a lot of these, so keep an eye out for that :) It's just that I've come to the conclusion that 22 year old me is a BIT better of a writer than 15 year old me ;D
He surges forward and catches Sherlock’s mouth in an urgent kiss. Sherlock makes a surprised noise against his lips, but any lingering doubts John has about his impulse decision vanish as Sherlock begins responding to his movements in earnest.
flat, thinking. The rooms aren’t dirty, but they’re the bare minimum of clean. The curtains are only open halfway when they should be spread wide on this sunny day. He sits too-straight on the couch, watching his daughter lying before him on the floor, burbling happily on her play mat. He should be present in this moment, but one dark thought won’t let him alone…
John bristled at being referred to as Sherlock’s “pet,” but it was a comment he would have otherwise let slide, if not for what he saw on Sherlock’s face.
John vaults out of his chair, looking suddenly horrified. “You-you’ve never done that. You shouldn’t be able to do that.” He puts a shaky hand to his forehead. “Christ, I’ve completely cracked.”
And that’s what brought them to where they were: in a hospital greeting room restlessly awaiting their son’s arrival.
And he was fine with it. Really he was. He was content to follow the lanky detective’s lead. At first, John thought that maybe it was some kind of absurd Stockholm Syndrome (
He’s sure anyone else would have missed it, but John wasn’t just anyone; only a person inordinately tuned in to the finer workings of Sherlock Holmes would notice the near-imperceptible wince at that harsh five-letter word.
When a letter had arrived at the doorstep of 221B with stationary that looked as if it cost more than John’s entire paycheck, Sherlock binned it with barely a second glance.
to be aware of her. Bottles next to beakers, toys strewn about amidst crime scene photos, diapers where lab equipment used to be. John had also become much stricter about experiments, which was terribly dull.
The punishment and reward change every time the game is played- Punishments are usually gross food dares, chores or a favor. Rewards are cash or favors.
Always there to lend a hand, you have her number on speed dial. She doesn’t participate in Family discourse much unless it’s between John, Sherlock or Mycroft. //it usually involves John, Sherlock and/or Mycroft
Doesn’t *usually* buy you gifts unless you explicitly ask for something. Gives you a shit ton of cash though ((it’s drug money from YEARS ago that she’s too lazy to launder))
// if you are trans, she was the first person you came out to and immediately took you clothes shopping, forces John/Sherlock to come along if you’re transmasc.
“Oh, where should I start…? The experiments that tend to risk both our health or the integrity of our home. Being woken up at ungodly hours at least twice a week. You …”
That darkness was not death, but unconsciousness. Somehow, someone had gotten him out of the desert and into this hospital, for him to get patched up.
“A list on what makes a good cuddler. Might keep you busy…” He yawned wholeheartedly. “Until I’m asleep.”
“Wait, my captain.” He gently tugs him back by his sleeve, reaching up to place the hat on his curls. John cups his face, placing a sweet kiss against cupid bow lips. “Now we can go,” he whispers, holding gaze with Sherlock’s pale eyes for a moment. He finds love, and the excitement of a new adventure, in them. His own heart beats faster at the thought of what the night will bring. Sherlock will get to be brilliant, and John will get to watch him, maybe even help a bit. They will come home in the early morning hours, and maybe the case will already be solved and John will get to finally take that costume off Sherlock piece by piece. And if not, John will get to take care of him – make him eat and sleep, at least a bit – as the detective works hard, and John loves that just as much.
I didn’t turn as much as I wanted to see him just like that, rubbing at his eyes and blinking the sleep away, eyes dark and skin glowing in the dim light of the single small lamp I had left on. I wanted to see him yawn and then smile, as if doing such a human thing was something he had to be embarrassed about.
As much as I was typically able to focus on my work and shut out what went on around me, I could not fail to notice John approaching. He likes being around as I work, making tea, reading the newspaper, and has become adept at being quiet enough so I won’t yell at him to stop breathing. Over the years, he has evolved into becoming background noise, just as the traffic of London or the patter of rain, something that I miss when it isn’t there. It’s good to have John around when I need to shut out the world, I never feel unsafe when he is there and readily able to react to any outside threats. Also, I do happen to like John, which he is very aware of and constantly serves as his main argument when I do shout at him to leave.
