When he got back to 221, he stopped off at Mrs. Hudson’s to drop off the purchases he made for her, and she thanked him with an invitation for tea, which he declined. She then offered one of her herbal soothers, which he also declined with a barely contained huff of laughter, and she finally let him leave with another plate of freshly baked biscuits.
Sherlock climbed off his lap, then grabbed his hand and tugged him up, and John couldn’t help the small giggle that escaped him.
“Two months. Then the what. What made you think about sex? Something in the room? A memory? A scent? Could be any of the above or none.”
“Yay!” Rosie squealed in delight. Whether it was over managing to obtain the promise or the prospect of ice cream, John honestly wasn’t sure which one was more exciting for her. She took another crumbly bite of what was left of her mutilated muffin, then took off down the sand.
“I’m sorry,” he uttered and John’s brows arched up in surprise at the apology. Oddly enough, he actually meant it. “I’ll try to take more care. Make sure you’re there,” he continued and enjoyed the flush that rose in John’s cheeks.
“Me too,” John agreed. He leaned over, careful to not jostle Rosie in her sleep, and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock returned it with equal gentleness.
“I suppose I can’t argue with data,” Sherlock replied, lips quirked in a smirk, and John gave him a lopsided smile.
All in all, it wasn’t the oddest thing he had ever done in London. Thank God he no longer needed a cane. There would have been no way he could have carried a dog, even a smaller one, a few years ago.
Later, he scrubbed bright yellow mustard off the wall. Mrs. Hudson had done such a nice job cleaning and he hated the thought of her going through so much trouble just for him to ruin it all.
John made a sound in his throat that he refused to think was anything like a sob and took a deep breath, reining all those emotions that raged through him back into something manageable.
He was enigmatic. Posh, and rude, and sexy as hell. John was completely off balance and caught up in the riptide that was Sherlock Holmes within minutes. The man took one look at him and read him like an open book. His military background, an alcoholic sibling, invalided. His damn psychosomatic limp. He made a casual comment about playing the violin and not talking for days, and would that bother John as potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.
Sherlock scowled. Mostly because he was right and he actually did truly enjoy the movie. Well, everyone had a weakness of some kind. Sherlock turned slightly on the couch, stretching his legs out, and tucked his toes under John’s warm thigh. John shifted to accommodate him without a word. If Sherlock had played this all right, then nights like this with John were probably on the decline. He doubted he’d be able to get away with this when John was in a relationship with Alex. No homemade soup and guilty pleasure movies and blankets and warm toes. If he had to sneeze a few times to spend that kind of time with John, then it was a worthy betrayal of his transport. He resigned himself to enjoy it now, while it lasted. He sighed and played his part in their banter.
“Sherlock! Tuck me in, please,” Rosie requested, eyes bright and smile wide as she watched him walk in.
They were silent for a long time as they ate. The meal was absolutely exquisite and John couldn’t think of anything to say while they ate. Sherlock appeared equally unable to think of anything, and John began to worry that he had misread everything. Maybe Sherlock hadn’t been trying to ruin John’s dates out of any kind of romantic jealousy. Had he read everything wrong? It wasn’t like him to completely misread a situation like that, but this was Sherlock, and Sherlock was something entirely different.
Sherlock jumped up, not quite as agile as before, and went to put on socks and shoes. John pulled on his coat and scarf before leashing Joy. Sherlock had pulled on his own coat and scarf by the time John was done and they made their way out of the flat and to the pavement.
Silence descended again and John finished his tea. Sherlock’s legs were now bouncing, unable to sit still. Sherlock had always been like that. Either completely still or constantly in motion. No in-between. John put the cup down and took a deep breath.
“Not at all,” he replied, mischievous fire sparking in his eyes, and Sherlock rolled his eyes before he wrapped his arm around John and pulled him close to his side.
“John. I did what I did to save you. Every choice I made after, every road I chose to follow, it was with the intention to make it back to London. To make it back to you.”
He was shocked. They had been careful. John had always thought he wanted children, but the older he had gotten, he had accepted that it likely wasn’t going to happen for him. Figured it was probably for the best, actually. He wasn’t exactly the ideal candidate for fatherhood. And now it had and he was more conflicted than he had ever been in his life. Moments ago he had seriously considered annulment on the sliver of a chance that when Sherlock had said: “the two people who love you most in all this world” he meant that he loved John, truly loved him, and maybe Sherlock really could be his. Except he was going to be a father and he couldn’t leave. He couldn’t. He wouldn’t. His heart was breaking at the same time that it tried to soar.
He loved London with his whole heart. He did. But this, this, was lovely. Clean air and clean scents. He gave his head a shake.
“A taxi? The murderer is in a taxi?” John began to turn to look out the window when Sherlock settled a hand on his arm.
He found himself in front of the array of candles on their tray and his eyes gazed over the candles that were currently lit, their small flames flickering their orange glow over the area. Muscle memory had him reaching out for an unlit matchstick, borrowing the flame from a previously lit candle, and he sought out an unlit wick. He held his matchstick to the fresh votive and thought of Sherlock while the wick bloomed to life before him. Removing the matchstick, he blew the flame out, then turned his attention back to the candle he had lit.
“An old...friend of John’s came by yesterday. Needs help with a case. Incredibly dull,” he mumbled as he lifted his gaze to his landlady.
As they sat in the taxi on the way to John’s bedsit to pack up his possessions, Sherlock couldn’t help the smile that kept rising to his face unbidden Finally, finally, John had said ‘yes’, and he would be moving in. Months of trying to prove to John that it would be better for them to just live together. For the Work, yes, but also because he just wanted John with him. All the time.
He filled the kettle with water, flicked it on, then rummaged through the cabinets for a clean mug and what appeared to be the last of his tea as the water came to a boil. Luckily there was enough milk left that he didn’t have to take his tea without it. He briefly considered whether the effort of making toast with whatever jam he had left in the fridge was worth the trouble, but decided against it.
John watched him quietly as he continued to study the ring. Sherlock shifted on the couch to turn towards him and pulled his feet up on the couch.
“How did you build a snowman? With what snow? It hasn’t snowed yet this year, much less enough for a snowman.”
“Sorry,” John replied, unsure if he was apologizing for the chocolate drip on his clothes or for touching him without warning.
He listened to John as he got ready for bed. Heard him tread across the floor to his wardrobe, then to his hamper, then his chest drawers. Back to his bed. He came back down the stairs and Sherlock heard the water running for the shower, the old pipes groaning in protest throughout the flat. Several minutes later the shower turned off, then the water in the sink was turned on and off as John brushed his teeth. The loo door creaked open and shut, followed by the whisper of John’s feet as he went back to the stairs and climbed up yet again. The click of the bedroom door being closed. A moment later the murmur of the bed as John’s weight settled down into it.
He went back to the beginning. Not to the lab at Bart’s, but to that dinner at Angelo’s where they had sat and John insisted he wasn’t his date, but Angelo put a candle on the table anyway. They had talked, and John had asked about girlfriends and boyfriends. He had said it was good when Sherlock informed him that no, he didn’t have a boyfriend. John unconsciously (consciously?) licked his lips, which Sherlock admitted drew his attention to his mouth regardless of intention or not. “You’re unattached, like me,” John had said.
“Yes,” John replied. While it wasn’t exactly unusual for them to switch, it clearly was not what Sherlock had been expecting that night. “Unless you’d prefer…,” he started.
It would likely snow by the evening. He could feel it sitting heavy in the air around him, in the tips of his cold fingers that he tapped insistently against each other. He shoved his hands in his pockets as he realized he was fidgeting, but the action continued in the depths of the warm material.
He forced himself to interact, though. He answered any questions directed at him and laughed when everyone else did, even if he missed the reason why everyone was laughing. It was safe to say he wasn’t paying any attention to the people around him and he glanced at his watch to check if enough time had passed for him to make his excuses to leave. He didn’t want to be here any longer and he knew he wouldn’t be missed after he left. He just didn’t want to be a complete arse about it because whether he liked these people or not, he did need to work with them. Working with them went well enough for him to not want to completely destroy those working relationships with them.
The door opened in silent demand and John hesitated several moments before he took one more deep, angry breath through his nose and climbed into the back of the car, slamming the door behind himself, before turning to look at the man sitting beside him.
He went up to his room to find it wasn’t any warmer and he debated whether sleeping on the couch near the warm fire, or in his cold bedroom, would be worse for his shoulder.
Sherlock bent his head, the water from the shower breaking down over his dark hair, and pressed their mouths together.
“Come on, girl, let’s do this thing before it gets any worse,” John said, and Joy jumped off the bed, landing lightly on her paws, and John smiled to see that her leg really was much better than when he found her.
Dark blue eyes and sandy hair flecked with silver surfaced behind his closed eyes. Those small, steady hands when adrenaline coursed through him and Sherlock felt his cock stir at the thought of those steady hands stroking over his skin. He shifted slightly on the sofa and the movement caused his burgeoning erection to push against his trousers and sent a flicker of arousal through his body. He settled back down onto the sofa, more comfortable than a moment before, and one of his hands came up to his chest where he idly toyed with one of the buttons of his shirt. He kept his eyes closed and listened intently for any sounds in the flat. When he couldn’t hear any movement coming from John’s room, his hand moved from the button and he let his thumb graze over one of his nipples. His back arched slightly at the contact, the nub hardening under his light touch and causing his cock to thicken and press more urgently against his trouser flies. His free hand came up and provided the same treatment to his other nipple, his fingers twisting the tightened buds, and the silk of his button-down shirt added another level of sensuality to the contact.
“I’ve always been partial to the fluffy kind. When you can make wishes,” he confided. “Childish, I know, but I like the idea of making a wish and blowing it away. Sending it off into the world and hoping it comes true.”
“Ignore it,” he murmured against her mouth, and she nodded, not breaking the kiss. The knocking became more insistent, and she broke the kiss, breathless. John admired the blush that was coloring her cheeks and how thoroughly well-snogged she appeared.
Oddly, it wasn’t an awkward silence. And considering it was happening while John showered and Sherlock sat on the closed lid of a toilet, that was saying something. When he was about to shut off the water, Sherlock’s voice drifted through the curtain.
Angelo didn’t even react to the noise or the busted glassware. He approached the table, practically manhandled Sherlock up from his chair, and pulled him into a hug so bone-crushing, John winced in sympathetic sympathy. He bit back a laugh at the look on Sherlock’s face, as well.
He pulled back after a moment. “I’ll get a towel to clean us up,” he said, but Sherlock shook his head and pulled John back down.
John feels like he often does under that intense gaze; completely flayed open and exposed in the most intimate of ways, and this time, he lets it happen without trying to throw up mental shields that he’s pretty positive never worked anyway. He wants Sherlock to see. He wants to be known.
Sherlock sat quietly and watched his friend. He knew what John had said. Heard it multiple times over the years. Always a denial of what others suggested about him. Sherlock never admitted it, but each denial had always felt like a paper cut being sliced through his skin. He didn’t begrudge John his sexuality. Of course, he didn’t. A person is what they are regardless of how another person felt about them. It didn’t mean it didn’t hurt when you were constantly reminded that you would never be what someone wanted because of something you had no control over. He took a breath and told John what the man himself always said.
He reached out and carefully placed his hand on John’s where it lay carelessly on his thigh. He let his thumb trace one of the thick blue veins that ran along the back of John’s hand, then tightened his hold while John stared at him, confusion clear in his features.
“You’re a doctor, John. You can figure it out. Read a book. Look online somewhere. Go to a pet shop.”
“Yes,” John murmurs, because he needs to confirm this for Sherlock, sees the question in his eyes that needs to hear the answer, and suddenly Sherlock is impossible closer, and those lush lips that John so often thought of were upon his in a tentative, almost chaste kiss as his hands reached out and rested on John’s hips.
“Tea?” John asked, instinctual etiquette kicking in without his consent. Greg nodded and John made his way into the kitchen to prepare two cups. He filled the kettle and
She put the tray down on the table and started to pour tea for them both. John accepted the cup absently as he sat back down in his armchair.
“Damnit, Sherlock, you cannot treat people like this! You can’t jump off buildings and then just waltz back in after two years and expect everything to be the same as it was before. You can’t just ignore people’s feelings and expect them to forgive you the second you show up!”
“So you’ve said,” Sherlock replied as he pulled himself to a sitting position. His brother never repeated himself. Ever.
“Let’s see what Sherlock really thought about me, then,” he said before pressing play and taking a sip of the amber liquid swirling in his glass.
He yanked his coat and scarf off his hook, ignoring the empty hook beside it, and tossed them on before stalking out the front door, his long legs eating the pavement in determined strides.
Sherlock’s hand shot out and a taxi pulled up to the kerb. He pulled open the door, glancing at John, and John climbed into the backseat under his arm as he held the door open for him. Sherlock followed him in, and John couldn’t help noticing that he sat closer to him on the seat than he normally would. John glanced at him before letting his eyes turn to look out the side window at the rain and darkened sky.
John shook his head with a wry smile, but let it slide as he watched his daughter eagerly accept her extremely milky tea. Rosie wrinkled her nose slightly at the taste, but when she looked up at all the adults watching her, she sat up straight, and nodded importantly.
A whirlwind taxi ride, a crime scene where Sherlock became obsessed with the color pink before he ran off and abandoned John to his fate, then an obnoxious warning that Sherlock Holmes was a psychopath with murder in his future, left John feeling even more useless than he had earlier.
“I was rather hoping you’d like to see the bedroom,” he replied with a quirked brow and a small smirk.
“No, it wasn’t your place to say anything. Besides, it wouldn’t have meant anything anyway. We weren’t together,” he explained. Then, “We aren’t together.”
It had been a week since he had picked up the book and brought it home and of the ten recipes he had attempted in that time, not a single one had come out to something remotely palatable. He had burnt cream sauce to a pot that he was still attempting to scrub off, undercooked chicken to the point where he questioned if he actually understood the concept of a timer, overcooked what would have been a phenomenal filet if he hadn’t come anywhere near it, and went through two bags of flour in an attempt to bake one single edible biscuit, and hadn’t actually managed that before giving up.
“It’s some of the footage from the video Sherlock made for your birthday. Parts that didn’t make the cut. Bit funnier, I thought.”
That was the reason why, twenty-four hours later, he stood in the middle of a chaotic flat in central London while the elderly landlady tried not at all subtly to verify that they would actually need two bedrooms as Sherlock Holmes vaulted around the sitting room picking up random items after a rather careless comment John had made about the mess.
“Oh no you won’t,” John shot back. “I’ll get out when I’m good and ready. You can either wait for me or go ahead and I’ll meet you there.”
Sherlock walks up to him and John is suddenly overwhelmed by his proximity, the warmth of him, the smell of rain and Sherlock’s posh shampoo, as he tips his head back to meet his friend’s gaze as it sweeps over his face and reads everything John cannot hide.
He didn’t sleep that night. There were too many boxes to unload and he needed to set up his bedroom before he could even think about sleeping in there. He’s fairly sure he did pass out at some point on the soft leather sofa that he had pushed against the wall, but that didn’t really count.
John’s presence surrounded him in the small bathroom, as heady and potent as the steam that swirled around them, as the warm water that held and caressed his skin. He was solid and real and he was an anchor for Sherlock as he remained adrift in the torrent of his betraying transport and the mind that he relied so heavily upon.
Sherlock grunted and mumbled something unintelligible under his breath while John tried his very best not to laugh.
“I’m good. I’m seeing someone,” she smiled shyly, a faint blush ghosting over her cheeks. It must be somewhat serious, then.
When John entered the living room, it was to the sight of Rosie fast asleep on the couch with her new doll and a warm blanket tucked around her small form while Sherlock stood in front of the fire, admiring the Christmas cards that were arranged upon the mantle.
That had been her most recent declaration, and she was down in her flat at that moment, presumably making tea, and John had pushed himself off his chair where he had been eating his breakfast and went to find the box.
I have this headcanon that Sherlock and John watch The Princess Bride when they're out of sorts because OF COURSE they would.
Sherlock had even been the one to interview nannies and find one who could meet their sporadic needs so John could continue to join him in the Work.
John let out another half-hysterical laugh. Mrs. Hudson was like a highly trained sniffer dog and she wasn’t going to let this go, it seemed.
A momentary flush of anger and hurt rushed through him at the thought of her. He supposed that was where he got the idea to die, but not die. Sherlock probably went to her for tips on how to pull it off.
“You are an army doctor,” Sherlock repeated, ignoring the way the man’s jaw tensed. “Saw a lot of injuries. Violent deaths. Had your share of trouble too, I’d wager.”
He wrapped and tied his robe around himself as he made his way down the stairs from his room and padded into the kitchen. His body went through the familiar motions of preparing his tea and breakfast without any input from his brain, which was why it wasn’t until he had taken his tea and toast into the living room to watch the news on the telly that he noticed the stockings hung along the mantle. And the Christmas tree in the corner that was wrapped in colorful fairy lights, but no other decoration.
On the day that Sherlock told the story of the first time he pushed a needle into his vein, John cried. Silent tears fell down his cheeks and the water from the shower washed all the evidence of it away. John had often wondered what had brought such a brilliant man to drugs in the first place. He hadn’t expected that he was so young. He was fourteen the first time. Fourteen! He said he just wanted to forget for a while. Forget the bullies, the verbal and then physical abuse of his peers, his loyal pet being put down, his first love, his first heartbreak.
“Yeah, of course. Thanks for stopping by. And this,” John said, waving the DVD he still clutched tightly in his hand.
John was saved from answering by Rosie’s arrival back into the kitchen, hands and feet dirty, with no sign of her shoes anywhere.
Every single bloom declared a message and John closed his eyes to them. He had to. He took a deep breath, lungs filling with oxygen and the scent of the roses that he was closest to, and let it out slowly.
John shook his head, clearing the last of the crumbs, then ruffled Sherlock’s hair with his hand, sending his locks into complete disarray.
“John, John, stop, I need…” he nearly begged and John understood. He pulled off with a pop, then placed a kiss on the tip of his cock. Sherlock stared down at him for a moment as his hands carded through the short strands of silver and sand hair, and John smiled at him. Then he stood and removed his own trousers and pants without ceremony, and Sherlock took a moment to soak in the sight.
Maybe he could take Sherlock’s hand and pull him over into his chair, into John’s lap. Let his weight sit heavy and intoxicating on him as he nuzzled into Sherlock’s long neck, licking and biting and kissing the porcelain skin. Sucking on that mole that taunted him.
“It’s tradition,” John smiled and leaned in for a kiss. Sherlock met him halfway. A perfectly sweet, gentle kiss that held the hint of promise for the rest of the evening.
“Sherlock, there were eyeballs in your microwave,” John explained and Sherlock rolled his eyes. This had been John’s excuse the last three times he asked and it was getting tedious because he knew that it wasn’t the real reason.
Then there were the traditions that he hoped to add to their celebrations. Ones that Sherlock enjoyed, and there were a few no matter what fuss the man made about it, and even Mrs. Hudson had a couple traditions she had gleefully pushed on them. There was an orange to be placed in every stocking at her insistence, and a pickle hidden in the tree.
At first, John had been perfect because he was so common. He was a little interesting, what with the psychosomatic limp (long gone now) and all the signs of being an adrenaline junkie, but when it came down to it he was common. He’d pay his share of the rent, ignore Sherlock, and they’d do their own thing. He had also been fairly sure he’d do more than his share of cleaning thanks to his military background. So: perfect.
He huffed as he opened his eyes. The dream was gone, the illumination of the fairy lights and the warm feeling of good booze in his belly both fading into the gray light of early morning in the city, and the last thing he wanted was to think more of Sherlock or The Woman or anything, really. Thinking would lead to remembering and the reminder that the past was in the past and there was nothing in his present or future to warrant thinking about.
Apparently Sherlock dismantled the fort while John had been upstairs with Rosie. They were all folded and stacked on the floor, except for one that was draped over Sherlock’s legs. He lifted a corner as John sat, and John shifted closer, their thighs pressed together, as the blanket settled over them both. John sighed, smiled, and tucked in.
It had been their first Christmas together. They had had their few friends over, and John had been dating that woman, what was her name? Jean? Janet? Did it even matter? She hadn’t actually been in the dream, which just went to prove she didn’t matter.
John’s jaw fell open as Sherlock spoke, his mind spinning under the flood of Sherlock’s affection. Sherlock walked up to the side of the bed and sat down beside John, one long leg pulled up in front of him, his knee pressing into John’s thigh. Heat bloomed from that simple point of contact and spread through John’s body like wildfire.
“Did you and Alex enjoy lunch?” Sherlock forced himself to ask and was grateful his voice sounded as it always did.
As he was passing by a cafe that was boasting seasonally festive drinks pretending to be coffee, he noticed him. A man, about twenty yards ahead and walking through the crosswalk, with dark hair and a billowing coat. John felt his body come to a standstill in the middle of the crowd, causing several people to swear at his sudden lack of movement, and one body slammed into his shoulder, jostling him forward and into motion again as his brain kicked back on.
“I have absolutely no idea why you’re telling me this, why you think I could possibly care, or why you’re here.”
He followed her as she trotted down the stairs and went to stand expectedly at the door to wait for John to put her leash on. She was such a well behaved dog that John really thought she must have belonged to someone before he found her. She had clearly had some kind of training, but he never had a call from the vet, and he had never seen any missing dog flyers.
He turned to the kitchen and wasn’t even surprised to find more additions. There were two ceramic bowls. One was already filled with water and the other, presumably meant for food, was empty. On the kitchen table, there was a bottle of dog shampoo, a matching leash and collar, a small bag of dry kibble, a few cans of wet dog food, and another dog toy. There was even a book that proclaimed “How to Care for Your New Dog!” and he huffed in fond exasperation.
“The rooms are up the stairs,” Sherlock said as he led him up the staircase set just off center of the front door.
Sometimes he wondered what Sherlock would have thought about her. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock had even liked animals. He liked to imagine that Sherlock would have loved her as much as John did. Sometimes he thought of Sherlock, with his carefully crafted mask of indifference completely dropping away in that way it sometimes had when he didn’t know John was watching him, and imagined that’s how he would have been with Joy. The mask down as he scratched behind her ears. He imagined Sherlock playing with her down on the floor and that image nearly made him laugh. Sherlock had never been averse to getting on the ground or crawling in filth if it meant finding some important piece of evidence, and he liked to imagine that it would have been the same kind of situation with Joy. That he wouldn’t have minded.
“Yes, where he then left me. As you can see I’m barely able to keep up with him,” he tapped his cane viciously against the side of his shoe to indicate his obvious limp and bum leg. “All I did was look at the flat and follow him when he asked. I have no idea where he is now or what he’s doing, so if we’re done here,” John began to turn his back on the man to walk away, but the man spoke up before he could complete the turn.
Sherlock grinned smugly. That had worked out even better than he had postulated. Poor John, not even knowing he'd been thoroughly played. With a tiny little swagger and an entirely spurious look of contrition, Sherlock followed his husband to their suite.
His pleasant ruminations were disturbed by a ripple of gasps from the people lounging around and in the pool. Cracking open one eye and peering through his sunnies, John had a brief, blurred impression of a tall, slim man walking beside the pool. He opened both eyes to double check; yes, a tall, slender, delicious man with pale skin, clear eyes and a mop of disheveled dark hair. John purred happily.
time) he was truly happy...and the less-acrobatic lovemaking which had followed his fall from grace had been almost spiritual in its simple beauty.
I grabbed at Holmes' collar and pulled him to me once more, taking him in a deeper kiss than before, pouring these months of frustrated, wracking, seemingly-unrequited desire into his mouth even as my hand moved faster and faster upon his person. He groaned and grunted, my lips capturing and devouring his greedy sounds, and his hands dropped to his trouser front, releasing his buttons with quaking eagerness. Holmes batted my hand aside briefly to wriggle upward and slide his trousers down just enough to free his rosy length to my gaze. I drew in my breath: he'd felt large through the fabric of his clothing, but displayed so nakedly before me was a perfection of form I had never seen outside of a Greek marble! Holmes used his arms on the seat behind to push himself up, and sat sprawled upon the seat eyeing me with leonine satisfaction. He wrapped a hand about his length and stroked himself. Oh, he was sensitive! He responded to the slightest of touches with such blatant arousal that I felt my own arousal magnified and drawn out of me in a thrilling response. He nodded towards me, eyeing the place where I too tented the cloth of my trousers. “Now. You.” he ordered.
” He spat the word out like bullets, but sadly none hit their target. Sherlock merely arched an eyebrow, wriggled his arm free of John’s grasp and back stroked away with barely a ripple or a splash to mark his passing. John released a sound somewhat reminiscent of a tea-kettle exploding and heaved himself wetly from the pool to stalk around the rim and meet his husband. En route, he snatched a random towel from an unoccupied lounger. Upon reaching the end of the pool he held out the towel, lowered his voice to its most authoritarian timbre and barked “Out!”
“You-have-driven-me-to-distraction!” He returned to my mouth and kissed me with casual mastery. “Your-damnable-patience,” a nip to my lower lip, “Your-pedantic-slowness,” his tongue curled wetly into my ear, “That-damnably-arousing-mustache…!” He broke off with a gasp as I, maddened to boldness, slid my hand between his thighs and cupped his hardness with fingers that shook. He gasped and thrust his hips forward, rubbing his tumescence along my palm. I obliged with a tighter grasp and greater friction, delighted when he began to moan like a Bedlamite and push with wanton abandon into my eager hand.
“...and as I know how you are about people, I haven't acted on it. However, this last hour has been, well, agony, Sherlock, and not the kind I like!” John looked at Sherlock’s face and surged out of the chair to grasp the taller man’s shoulders. “Sherlock? Sherlock!” As Sherlock began to hyperventilate, John guided him down to the floor, rubbing his back before fumbling, unseeing, on the counter to spill a bag of apples, bringing the paper bag down to Sherlock’s face while the apples rolled and bounced onto the floor with heavy thuds. “Breathe, just breathe, in….then out….” John encouraged. Sherlock listened to John’s voice and breathed, and breathed, and
“Oh, really, John, now is hardly the time to come over all delicate!” Sherlock mocked. “The only other person I know of similar physique is Anderson, and I’m hardly likely to let
beating (if a little half-heartedly) upon the bare and quivering buttocks of said detective with a flogger made of soft black leather.
The air was hot and humid, stroking John's exposed forearms and calves with warm, moist fingers. His pale pink Hawaiian shirt and stone-coloured shorts clung damply to his broad chest and muscled thighs, and his back and arms - supported on the water by the hot plastic of the hotel’s inflatable pool chair - were producing enough sweat to keep the hotel pool topped up indefinitely.
The question might have been seen as impertinent, and Sherlock hadn’t always been forthcoming with answers in any case. Fortunately, His Highness allowed the question, though he answered it curtly. “Yes.”
annoying nanny that Mycroft has sent my way, and he would have kept trying. And the decision is not final.
After services that week, John approached Father Lestrade and agreed to head with him to the castle, far away from town, far away from a fascinating tall man with a dependable blue scarf.
“Do not concern yourself. Other matters required your attention. Besides, there will be time for that later. For now,” Sherlock said, “will you tell me what you desire?”
“I’ve got a lot of experience in battle. I’ve handled horses all my life, though.” That was common enough for nobility, Sherlock supposed. “Now, listen, this part is important. When you give a horse a command, it can only have one meaning. Horses don’t really understand words the way we do. They’re not so good at things like tone or context, but they know sounds. So there’s one sound for one purpose. That’s the rule. You can’t say the same thing to tell the horse to stop that you would tell it to slow down. That’s why it’s
At first, John woke feeling well rested and peacefully content. His bed was very comfortable, and he had slept for a long time. But once he considered that last fact, he hurriedly opened his eyes and looked about the room in worry. Had he overslept for his strange new employment? Normally, sunlight pouring into his window ensured that he woke at a decent hour, but someone had closed the heavy curtains.
“I don’t know, but… well, I’m sure we can think of something. Is there another option? Maybe just… not go to the underworld?”
“Well, it only seemed like you might wish to stay in this town a little longer, since you have been so triumphant in the tournament. Won’t there be celebrations in your honour, or things like that?”
John entered the room, closing the door behind him. “I’m not sure you were right about Lord Mycroft and Father Lestrade.”
“I’m not worried.” The king held Sherlock closer, such that the servant felt his master’s chest against his back. Sherlock could not recall a time when he had felt more warm or cared for than this. “I can take down anything that’s out there. My sword is here, and my bow and arrows, too. I’ll use them if I have to. I’ll protect my precious servant.”
With a burst of energy, which was in sharp contrast to the melancholy he had been walking with before, Sherlock shot forward to investigate the clearing, and John happily followed, as grateful as ever that Sherlock could so quickly become fascinated with a mystery. They stepped onto the short wall and over it, entering the glade just beyond.
“I want to be your maid, sir,” Sherlock whispered. He was terrified at the prospect of leaving the king’s employ, for surely, if that did ever happen, it would be because his master tired of him, not because of any wish on Sherlock’s part. “I want to serve you.”
Looking back on that time, John saw clearly that he hadn’t wanted to leave Sherlock. He’d kept Sherlock close to him by offering the servant a place in the convoy, and it had seemed to be to Sherlock’s benefit too, since the servant could travel and find a place for himself in this land. The king felt happier than he had in a long time, being able to give Sherlock the freedom he desired to explore. Enjoying Sherlock’s company and admiring the servant’s eager curiosity about the world had been the king’s only intention.
After they finished performing religious ceremonies, they would talk to each other about their lives and hopes, and with every shared thought and feeling, they became closer. It had all culminated in a dazzling moment when, after they had finished a series of prayers, Sherlock had kissed John on the cheek, and had met John’s eyes with a pleading gaze. John, smiling, had taken Sherlock in his arms, slowly pulled the taller man’s head down, and initiated a tender kiss on the lips, which was readily returned.
Surprised, John turned to look at him directly, but even as shocked as he was he could not overstep his station. He quickly looked away.
“It has been a long time since I have shared a bed with anyone. I thought that I could master myself, but…”
It was a simple task for the king to manoeuvre his willing servant onto his elbows and knees. Sherlock was given a pillow to hold under himself. “This may feel strange, Sherlock, but it will soon feel good.” There was a hand that moved along Sherlock’s rear. The intimate feeling was shocking and wonderful, though it was quickly overshadowed by the sensation of a slicked finger trailing down his backside, to a place he had not thought anyone but himself would ever touch.
This had been incredible, and yet there were a million other things John wished to do with Sherlock. It was all the king wanted, to share everything in his life with his cherished servant.
They were resistant at first, but they had already suspected that an heir would not be conceived—John did not explain anything beyond that, but the advisors knew the king and queen had never been able to conceive, and that was a convenient enough reason. After several long discussions throughout the course of a day, plans started to be made in earnest.
The king would have loved to slip his hands into Sherlock’s curls, but he didn’t trust himself not to clutch Sherlock’s hair too fiercely. The reality of this was overwhelming; it was a struggle for him simply to stay still. Adamantly, he reminded himself that he could not lose control. No matter what desires coursed through his limbs, he could not hold Sherlock jealously and thrust wildly into his mouth, even if his body screamed for it.
That meant so much to John, who was terrified of imposing on his master this way. He was afraid of what William would think when he felt himself grow wet, but his kind master touch lingered there, and John could only tremble and clutch the sheets beneath him.
“I often am,” John responded, without hesitation. “I was thinking about how beautiful you are, and how happy you make me.”
Gently, Sherlock’s hand moved down to clasp John’s own. It was so blatantly tender that John could hardly breathe. “John, I am not a man of little means…”
“You’re gorgeous, Sherlock. Would you like an eternity of this? Of us, doing whatever we like together?”
Taking a cloth in hand, Sherlock wiped the wood. It was an honour to clean something belonging to King John, especially an item of this nature. Certainly, this bow had been made by a very skilled craftsman, to be suitable for a king. The object had the privileged role of frequently being held in the king’s capable hands. Truly a useful implement it was, too, as the bow helped the king hunt and protect.
Though not happy about that answer, Bertie didn’t seem surprised. I, on the other hand, really hadn’t expected something like that.
Of course he hadn’t, so Mycroft happily listened to the story. Sherlock was not the storyteller that John was, but Mycroft seemed interested anyway.
It had been a charming fantasy, to think of giving this man a child. But Sherlock knew enough about how things worked to know that there was very little hope of that ever happening, and that the king would inevitably find a better companion to share his bed.
Ignoring the question posed to him by John again, Sherlock asked, “Who is the man you work nights for?”
Many people had come from farms and nearby villages to this city, to enjoy the sights and sounds of the art festival. John had made certain that their convoy would also pass through this city during the time of the festival, especially once he knew how Sherlock relished new experiences. For a long time, he had been looking forward to seeing his servant’s face light up when presented with so many absorbing works of art.
“You don’t have to do anything like that, sir,” Sherlock said, mortified that his master would need to perform such a menial task for a servant.
“I want this evening to be perfect for you. Tell me if you change your mind, about anything. I only enjoy whatever we do as much as you enjoy it. Rest up until then. I wish to do so much with you, and I want you to be ready.”
Noticing that King John was not undressing himself, Sherlock asked, “Sir, what do you need me to do?”
This formality between them was more confusing than ever to me. It was clear from the Jeeves’s fond “sir” and Bertie’s wistful smile that the feelings between them hadn’t been given up on the first date, but I couldn’t tell whether they were dating or not.
“Since you’re working nights now, I figured I should stay up to see you. I’m supposed to pass on a job offer to you.”
“Well, it’s a big town,” the king said, “and there are a lot of people.” Taking just a step in front of Sherlock, King John looked the place up and down. “Come to think of it, I’ve heard of this place. I’ve never been inside, though.”
When his servant mewled as his legs were stroked, John touched Sherlock’s cheek. The servant shuddered under the king’s touch, and leaned into John’s hand. How endearing it was, to feel the softness of Sherlock’s face. Its smoothness was so much unlike John’s rough stubble.
It couldn’t be true, but John worried that he had betrayed Sherlock, or had failed him somehow. It was more than a draft in the chapel that made John hold himself, and shiver slightly, but then he saw the worry in Sherlock’s eyes. John said quietly, “I’m fine, don’t give me your coat, again, really.” When he had visited him in that church in John’s town, Sherlock had always been quick to offer the other man his coat when John seemed cold, or even if he did not, because Sherlock had always been a gentleman to him.
“Actually, I’ve suggested your name to King Holloway, since you fit what he was looking for so well, and I explained that your family is going through hard times right now. He made an offer that you have to hear.”
Sherlock said nothing, but finished freeing John’s thick need from the confines of the king’s clothes, and at once, closed his mouth around it. John shook, restraining himself as best he could, but his resolve quickly weakened.
Suddenly, Lestrade brightened. “You know, it does lift his spirits when he gets to talk about fashion. It is a hobby of his. The finer points of it, the little details that nobody else sees, you know, he can lose himself in the topic! John, I’ll let you in, but if he does not wish to speak with you, then you will need to leave. And, ahem,” the priest cleared his throat, “it would be a good idea not to mention that you work for King William.”
“That’s about the size of it. It wouldn’t be right. How awful it would be if he felt he needed to feign affection for me or agree to a date for the sake of his salary! Probably, though, he’d hand in his notice, and I’d never see him again. I’m sure he would never be interested in someone like me. He’s very clever, and handsome, and so charming.”
“It was not very selfless of me,” Sherlock remarked. “One moment, my love.” He adored the light in John’s eyes when he said that. Swiftly, Sherlock went into his dressing room, and retrieved the discreetly hidden package he had stowed there.
William wasn’t fooled. “What use could you have for my wood-carving knife, John? Do you intend to harm me with it?”
“Sherlock…” John thought of the enchanting man who bantered with him in the pews, offering insights with his sharp wit, perceiving all that John had done by the dirt on his shoes.
Sherlock should only do what John wanted, should make sure that he was doing only what John desired. Yet Sherlock was weak to the beauty of his devoted John. “Immensely.”
“Thank you, sir.” Sherlock smiled. His soft, pink lips always curved in such a cute way when he smiled. He licked his lips, tasting the remnants of cider, inadvertently enflaming the awful passion within the king.
“Well, the look on your face just now. I hope I get to see you look at many things with such awe.” The king turned his attention back to the horse, and the road. “It’s good to travel with someone who can appreciate the wonders of the world.”
“Certainly not.” Sherlock knew he was probably blushing again; there was a chance that he had been doing so this whole time. “I’m sorry, sir.”
“Me too.” Still holding Sherlock’s length with one hand, John sealed his mouth around it, closing his eyes and humming softly.
“Of course you can,” John said. He cheerfully gave one of the jugs to Sherlock. “You can have it now, if you like.”
Ha. If you knew John Watson better, you would know better than to ask. Anyone would desire to keep his company. He is an honest man. Pleasant, endearing—more than a few ladies have described him as such.
Again struck by the king’s compassion, Sherlock almost giggled again from sheer embarrassment. “Well, I don’t know about that. But this town is very boring. It would be an adventure, to go somewhere new. Of course, that is impossible.”
“Oh?” John said, concerned. He wore his sleeping gown, and had just brushed his hair. It was a silly thing to do before bed, yet he wanted to look his best for William. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock ran his fingers over the cuts. “There are more than two names here. What does it say, sir?”
It didn’t seem to me like what I’d typed up lived up to what Bertie said, but at least he’d got something out of it. There was no reason to keep it up any longer. With a sigh, I deleted the draft.
“I’m sorry to hear that, sir.” Sherlock longed to know what sort of things bothered the king. “If I may ask, you said something like that at the tournament, sir? You didn’t find it exciting. But, um, you don’t need to tell me if you don’t want to.”
Sherlock marvelled at the king, who had experienced so much and yet still possessed such a noble spirit.
Clearly the inspector takes no issue with such matters. I wonder, Watson, if you might… wish to hold me, sometime?
Propping himself up with arms at either side of Sherlock’s face, John moved down, and kissed him. He meant to keep it mild and light, though he quickly deepened the kiss when Sherlock groaned blissfully. The servant’s soft lips were completely pliant and willing, which only added fuel to the flames of John’s yearning to possess his pretty maid.
“I asked Father Lestrade! We’re going to get married, sir!” Bursting with joy, John hugged Sherlock. Struck by such wonderful news, Sherlock did not mind at all. “We’re going to have a baby and get married! We’ll be together!”
Sherlock trembled under John. “Oh, I love you, sir,” he gasped, moving eagerly under the encouragement of John’s mouth and hands.
“Also,” I continued, buoyed to the stars by that twitch of a smile, “you look devilishly handsome this evening, if I may say so.”
Mycroft placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm. It was unusual for Mycroft to use touch so familiarly, and it startled Sherlock.
Sherlock stood up from the bed, and respectfully knelt in front of John. This initiative was so shocking that John stopped stroking himself.
His pretty servant climbed onto the bed, and clutched a pillow for lack of anything else to do. He looked at Sherlock with open wonder. “Are you going to…?” Whatever it was he wanted to ask, he couldn’t manage to.
“I do love you, Sherlock.” John knew it was a foolish thing to admit, but he couldn’t keep it secret any longer, not when he longed to give all his love to his servant. Giving in to all his feelings, John treated Sherlock with firmer strokes.
“Isn’t it exciting, sir?” Sherlock asked, truly curious. “You have journeyed far to test yourself against worthy opponents. Isn’t that exciting?”
It was a disappointment for Sherlock to look at his own hands, after remembering the feats of the formidable king. Sherlock was wearing gloves, which was standard for servants cleaning these weapons, to avoid leaving rusty fingerprints. The gloves, which were an old, worn pair, could not hide the weak, uninspiring hands within. These gloves had seen many cloths and oils, and the servant’s hands had known many brooms and sponges—such a disappointment, when compared to gauntlets that shined under the midday sun, and beneath them, fingers that handled bows and blades with ease.
“Just like that.” Sherlock was going to show John how much he appreciated him. He moved closer and caressed down John’s back, noticing that his beloved was trembling slightly. “Relax, John.”
It was fortunate that this was such a sturdy, well-built caravan, or else other members of their convoy might have heard the many loud, uncontrolled, nonsensical noises that escaped Sherlock when he was possessed in this manner by his master.
He quickly returned to William, who seemed pleased with the weapon John had chosen. “There’s my soldier,” William murmured, with more than a hint of appreciation.
The immediate embarrassment on the priest’s face was very telling. “What John means to you, I suppose.”
Oh, how unbelievably sympathetic his master was! And how handsome too, with that smile of his, and that chest hair that made such a teasing sight from under the collar of the king’s shirt. The servant’s courage failed him entirely. His tenuous plans slipped away from his grasp. How could he dare to think that he could satisfy this capable, competent man in any way?
Sitting on the sofa, Sherlock eyed his reflection in the mirror he held in his hand. He was brushing his unruly hair, which he could never manage to tame. The dark curls seemed to rebel at any effort Sherlock made to make himself debonair. His hair was always too long, too curly, and simply too unrefined, as the servant himself was.
“My dearest,” the king’s voice dropped to a quieter level, “do you know of a man loving a man… in a certain physical sense?”
“Just a moment,” William said, touching John’s shoulder without any real force, but keeping his loyal servant there nonetheless. William did enjoy his servant’s company so dearly, and John’s task could wait. “Tell me a story before you depart.”
King John smoothed over the material of Sherlock’s tunic, no doubt feeling the emotion of Sherlock’s beating heart.
In truth, John knew that he could speak to Sherlock in a lowered voice, but in any case, he did not want to bother his dear servant, who glanced at the tall trees and dense bushes all around them with amazement. It was likely that Sherlock had never seen a forest like this one before. The two of them could talk about important matters later.
Eventually, they would have to return to the castle and see to their daily tasks; for now, however, surrounded by memories of the past, hopes for the future, and the sweetness of the present, they were in no hurry to leave the royal caravan.
Obediently, Sherlock descended the tree, though he was hesitant at first. Again, he asked, “You will catch me if I fall?”
Sherlock grasped John’s hand, and pulled his servant closely to him. He took his time to kiss the shorter man on his cheek, and then his neck. John moaned softly, and the sound stirred Sherlock’s very being.
Lulled by his long day, John fell asleep quickly. It was so deep a slumber that he did not stir, even when, a few hours later, a hand gently pulled up the blanket to cover John’s shoulder, wordlessly wishing him a good night.
What I mean to say is, your eyes are far from soulless, and that hardly matters anyway, because there is more to a man than a part of his body, wouldn’t you agree?
You want to sit in my lap? Is that like that waltz scheme of yours? You want to make me think about who I really want to have in my lap instead?
I cannot speak for Watson with confidence, but as for myself… I’m sure you understand, Inspector, why I’ve kept this information from you.
“It was then that I took a codename, one that wasn’t so pretentious as my given one. My brother created a name as well, since he occasionally accompanied me to town. We had never personally seen how the public lived outside the castle walls, and there was so much to learn about them.” Thoughtfully, William glanced up at the ceiling. “He was always Mycroft to me, after that.”
Sherlock beamed jubilantly at that, instilling conflicting feelings in John. He was not particularly proud of his possessive feelings, or the way he managed to make his selfishness sound like generosity, but as long as Sherlock was happy, then John supposed it was all fine.
John wished he could share his feelings with him. As it was, he could only hope that he had served King William well enough last night, and that John might be forgiven for defying what was proper. Carefully, John grasped William’s hand to extricate himself.
After the nobleman had stretched his arms back and allowed John to dress him with the light dressing gown William usually slept in, there was a surprising change in the routine. William had turned around, and noted that John still needed to change for bed. The king offered his hands, and began unbuttoning John’s clothes.
The string was pulled back again, gracefully, as if even the string itself was struck by the king’s commanding air, and could do nothing but move as the royal hand directed. As Sherlock had watched the king aim his next arrow with that same unerring steadiness, with powerful control and yet also with a kind of tender guidance, it had occurred to the servant that he might do much the same in the string’s place.
The next thing Sherlock knew was that the small bottle of herbs was being held under his nose. The lively scent was mixed irrevocably with the meaning the mixture had, since both Sherlock and John knew what the herbs were for. Sherlock hardly needed an aphrodisiac, but the fact that John wished for him to smell one sent pleasant shivers down his spine.
They stood there, embracing each other, for a few more minutes, and then John guided Sherlock through the forest, back to their convoy.
As it turned out, their next destination was a temple. When they stood under the cover of the temple’s entrance, the king, ever knowledgeable about the world, explained to Sherlock that the temple had once been devoted to a single deity. In recent times, it had become a place of worship for people of many different faiths. The temple was maintained as a refuge for all peaceful people by a group of monks.
Taking a look at the other members of their group, John knew that, like those nobles Sherlock had overheard, many of them were probably speculating about what the king would do at the end of this journey. There were many people in this convoy who would not understand what Sherlock meant to the king. If John and his servant went for a walk, they would merely think that the king wished to stretch his legs. They would have no conception that it was time spent between a man and his beloved.
“To be honest, I don’t know.” John knew that there was no certainty that the rest of the kingdom would abide by such a decision. “But I’m going to try. I might be able to make it work.”
“Be nice,” Lestrade said. “He feels terrible about doing it, you know—wearing that stuff, I mean. He kept me from finding out about it for the longest time. Doesn’t even know why he does it. But there’s nothing wrong with it.”
“All I’m saying is that you don’t have to.” The king turned his attention to the horse, which idly toed the ground. “How about I tell you more about horses? Maybe it’ll be less scary if you know more about it.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. How would John say it? He’d tell an interesting story, one that would make everything better. “We haven’t asked the stork yet.”
John felt sympathy for the arrogant brothers who had once been so close. “And you were Sherlock to him?” he asked.
“I like mysteries,” Sherlock said, trying to offer something of himself in return for what he had discovered about Mycroft. “Stories, riddles, that sort of thing.”
“I’m only God’s humble servant,” Father Lestrade grinned. “We should have a chat about our boys sometime. We could commiserate over a great deal, I can tell.”
“No, let him continue,” Jeeves said, asking for trouble if you asked me, “I have heard something of the wisdom of the great consulting detective, and it is intriguing to hear that he is after all merely a mercurial and impetuous child.”
He had almost forgotten about winning that tournament. It hadn’t occurred to him that his people would be so proud of the accomplishment. He didn’t even think that they would have heard about it before the convoy had reached the city, but apparently the news had made the journey faster than the convoy had. Any monarch would have been fortunate to be viewed as a champion to be proud of, though John did not feel especially fortunate, as this meant that John would eventually have to make public appearances and accept the congratulations of his subjects.
I smiled, honestly happy that I could be of some help. Really, I hadn’t said much: write what comes to mind first, without judging yourself, and once you’ve done that, come back to it later and look at it again. That often worked for me, anyway. I’m not sure how helpful such plain advice could be to someone starting out, though. Maybe all he needed to hear was that I wanted to know more about his stories.
Lestrade made a show of glancing at the door, making sure that it was closed. “John,” he said to the servant, “my lord,” he addressed Sherlock, “I can assure you both that you don’t need to be worried.”
Sherlock gasped, and shuddered when his master kissed him on the neck. He loved the coarse feeling of King John’s stubble abrading his skin.
John stood up from his place, parted the curtain around King William’s bed, and climbed on top of it, to sit on his knees.
By the time John returned, King William had finished his bath, and towel-dried himself, leaving his hair so adorably tussled that John’s breath caught in his throat. John thought that in plain underwear, William would have seemed like a normal commoner, if not for his noble posture and examining eyes.
“We may talk in my quarters,” William decided. If this was a sensitive matter, they did not need to discuss it where guards could hear them.
“No, though it may prove useful for a case someday. I have a more personal interest in the book at present. My brother has a PA, and she must certainly be associated with your network, Jeeves. I’m prepared to cut a deal. I want whatever compromising information your group possesses on Mycroft Holmes.”
When they walked through a storage room for weapons, a wave of nostalgia halted John in his tracks. He fancied that a similar feeling overcame his servant, who stopped to look at the king, rather than the interesting armaments.
“The caravan,” the king answered tersely. He did not explain any further. Sherlock supposed that he had perhaps forgotten something in the caravan, or merely wished to check on it.
Greeting nobles, and merchants, and the whole city it seemed, John found himself recalling the people who had taken their time to congratulate him just after the tournament of warriors had ended. The formalities were as tedious now as they had been then. John recalled in particular how a group of princesses had spoken to him for what had seemed like an endless age directly after that tournament, especially since he had been eager to see once more the enchanting servant he had just met. Unfortunately, John had a duty to speak with such people, though he did not have to enjoy it.
After they had held each other for a long while, Sherlock decided that the air was too serious between them. He knew how he could change that. “Did you know that my brother is sleeping with Lestrade?”
“This paramour of yours is of a different station than us, isn’t she? Otherwise I would have heard of her.” Mycroft’s voice became startlingly, sincerely sympathetic. “It must be difficult to bear the keeping of such a secret.”
That small touch was sufficient to make the servant shudder. “John,” he gasped. “What would you like? I’ll do anything for you.”
“But I thought I would be with you, sir.” It was difficult to keep the desperation of out his voice, and Sherlock was not really sure that he was able to. “Couldn’t I be useful to you, somehow?”
The back of one of the king’s hands inadvertently met the crotch of Sherlock’s gown, causing the servant to whimper mindlessly.
He’s the opposite of Jeeves in that way, I suppose. If you’re not watching Jeeves like a hawk, you might place your teacup empty on the table and find it filled as if by magic. Sherlock, on the other hand, strides into being with all the subtlety of the opening credits for an action film.
“I will know it. And the garden knows it, too. This forest is in my kingdom, so we can come back here anytime. Whenever we do, that carving will still be there. And we’ll still have each other, too. So forget about everyone else, all right? If we make each other happy, then what else matters?”
This gave William pause, which seemed to make John focus all the more sharply on his tunic. Lestrade’s whereabouts must be controversial indeed for John to act this way. William’s beloved servant had never before questioned him, even in this meek and gentle fashion.
With a charming pink blush, Sherlock said, “It seemed to me that my happiness and comfort was continuously at the forefront of your mind. It was I who offered myself, sir. I’ve truly enjoyed all of the time we’ve spent with each other.”
“Well, all right.” I could see that a break of sorts might do some good, and help get us back on track.
It was never explained to me in any detail. People learn to move in a way that is somehow artistic and call it dancing, I believe, though the specific movements are beyond my knowledge.
John quickly marched to where Sherlock was bouncing on his feet. “Yes, Sherlock?” the king asked, smiling.
Eventually, the enrapturing aura of excitement around Sherlock and his violin became too much for John to resist. Feeling an irresistible desire to be alone with his servant, John proclaimed that they ought to find a room to stay in. His obedient servant agreed, naturally.
Sherlock didn’t recognise the voice, which was strange, as he would have remembered such an authoritative tone. “No, I—oh!” he exclaimed, when at last he turned.
He suspected that his brother and John had bonded over the experience, which was a very humorous and somehow poignant thought. They probably had little choice since it took nearly two hours before John emerged in a flowing wedding dress and shimmering veil.
“I understand that you will have to marry and sire children, but I can… keep you company, until then? Perhaps, even… after?”
A few of their trustworthy friends knew about their relationship though, and of course the four of us knew about it. As far as I could tell, nobody less trustworthy needed to know, at least not yet. This all meant that I couldn’t blog about our double dates, either. Although, maybe someday I’d get to blog about a double elopement—just a thought.
William might have been jealous if he did not know the priest. Probably John had gone to the priest to seek counsel as William himself had done in the past. Lestrade was one of few individuals who had the king’s trust. Was it not because of Lestrade, after all, that William had John by his side at last?
Sherlock snorted bitterly, in a way that reminded John of William, though there was an unmistakable quaver in the normally confident voice. “Montgomery? He is a failure, he is cowardly and conceited and…” John rubbed Sherlock’s shoulder, and the bitterness fell away. “He was my best friend.”
He had not seen John since that morning—blessed as the king was to wake next to his servant, who was so handsome in sleep with his beautiful mussed hair and peaceful expression, William had needed to attend a meeting too early to watch John wake in turn. Today had been a particularly long day, spent listening to the grievances of landowners from the rich part of the city, and one of them had been a tax-averse lawyer, no less.
I was nervous, too, but I remembered that John and his significant other would be here soon helping us through, and everything was going to be just fine. “I’m happy to be here, Jeeves,” I told him earnestly, “and I’m delighted that you could make it.”
“This is ridiculous,” I muttered. “This isn’t the eighteenth century. If you two like each other, then who cares?”
John stepped closer to where his servant sat, and reached around him so that he was holding Sherlock, with his hands on Sherlock’s back.
,” William repeated emphatically, sounding slightly more hoarse than before. He suddenly took his arm back and lifted a leg up, letting his foot rest on the bath wall.
It stirred Sherlock’s heart in ways he had never known before this man to see John’s eyes so downcast. “I shouldn’t have come here. If I had known you were the king I would never have come here.”
The hands on Sherlock’s hips became tighter, more possessive, and in the next moment, Sherlock felt the splendid heaviness of the magnificent king push into him. The breath was knocked out of Sherlock’s chest, and the servant’s very soul seemed to come alive throughout his body, especially where he was joined with the king.
After a while, John cleaned them, kissing Sherlock’s thighs lightly as he did so. “You’re gorgeous, Sherlock.”
“Oh, Sherlock, I think I’ll always remember seeing you at the tournament, in that storage room, of all places.” He touched Sherlock’s slender arm, and let his hand glide up so that he could slowly caress Sherlock’s neck, and then his ear.
“I wish I could give you one, sir, but I haven’t found a way to make it happen… I hoped that I would find a way, but there isn’t a way, is there, sir? I’ve prayed, but nothing has happened…”
John took a glance at the map, and informed Sherlock that there was only one more town to visit before they reached the city that was their final destination. There wouldn’t be any points of interest very different from what they had seen already. Nonetheless, Sherlock had several questions, and John was happy to answer them.
Strangely, the doors had been left open, which was very unusual for either Holloway brother. He heard the voices of men conversing inside.
“Good with me.” Father Lestrade stood up from his chair. “I hope this taught you a valuable lesson.”
“Tell me how you felt.” William did away with John’s underwear, and lightly kissed the male member that was freed, watching the little jump of need and appreciating the pleased shudders John made. “What made you sad? What made you happy?”
It was a rare thing to share one’s confessions, which showed in John’s appreciative eyes. “What did he say?”
“You mean, when I got so jealous at that tavern, that I brought you to the caravan just to keep you to myself?” John asked, gratified when his servant blushed and giggled. “It meant so much to me, to hear you cry my name like that. And then the second time, I asked you to call me by name, didn’t I? You made it sound like music.”
Sherlock simpered, and John fancied he could light their way himself with the pride he felt burning in his chest.
He could not tell his brother about John. Montgomery could not be trusted with anything that was precious to William. He would just mock it and boast about how superior he was to the overly excitable, inexperienced boy who had taken his throne…
“It may be a kind of club for servants,” Sherlock replied, “but more importantly, it supplies you with critical information. All the people working quietly in the employment of people of power, and listening at their keyholes or sorting through their inboxes, are at your disposal. I have something similar—my Homeless Network—but your network has something mine doesn’t, something more precious than gold, and dangerous beyond imagining.”
“He is still alive?” John asked. He had always assumed that the father of the current generation of rulers had passed away.
“Forgive me, John, I’m sorry, I have no right to order you in that way. Oh, blast it all, I said I was sorry, I am not supposed to say that,” William muttered. It sounded more like he was speaking to himself.
The king took a deep breath. “Nothing you need to be worried about, Sherlock. Go on, tell me what’s the matter. Was your room uncomfortable?”
It was all new to John. Having not studied much on the subjects, he did not understand a great deal about the economy, or religious matters at the level of the state, and though he had been a soldier, general military strategy was foreign to him. Regardless, William seemed to understand it all thoroughly, and it made John proud. His master was so capable and intelligent.
“Yes, oh, o-oh, my darling John…” William was becoming less coherent, but he still sounded so refined, so forceful somehow. John treasured every breath he made. “Is it… oh, yes, y-yes… really you…?”
“Sir,” John breathed. He was close, but surely it was asking too much to lose himself in his master’s bed. “I want you so badly, Sherlock. I can’t help it.”
What he told me about his life was rather interesting, though I wonder if he meant his stories to come across as more serious than they seemed to me. They were actually pretty funny. Bertie got into a lot of ridiculous situations.
William’s hand snapped out, latching onto John’s. “I think,” he muttered tersely, “I can finish myself.”
King John continued to speak. However, Sherlock was still having trouble paying attention. He had been struck by what the king had asked him.
“Such an opinion,” Jeeves retorted, “suggests that you yourself are not close to your own family, or to a circle of long acquaintance of similar social standing.” He had a knowing tone that almost reminded me of Sherlock, though Jeeves put it a lot more subtly than Sherlock would have. “You are not expected to uphold any traditions or make any consideration for the family name. If you would be so good as to consider the issue from my perspective, or from Mr. Wooster’s, you might agree that our circumstances are different than yours.”
Naturally, the king was the one to end their conversation. He turned and walked away, leaving Sherlock with powerful feelings in his chest. He felt great enthusiasm for what might happen, he was bewildered by this incredible opportunity, and he was terrified of the great unknown.
Mrs. Hudson has read some telegrams for me from other clients. The subject matter has not always been to her liking.
He’s simply being foolish. Now come along, won’t you? Considering how I’ve managed to nudge you two in the right direction, I think I could use some help with my own problem. Mycroft has inspired the solution in me, and now you will assist me in its execution, Lestrade.
Pleadingly, Sherlock leaned closer and rested his hand on John’s arm. “You are too kind to me. You are doing very well,” he said to reassure his beloved, “but I would like to touch you.”
The first item he showed to John was a small bottle with crushed herbs inside. Sherlock opened the bottle, and held it under John’s nose. With the discerning instincts of an apothecary, John sniffed the mixture.
Holmes! It would be incredible for anyone to take down a brute as you did. I did not mean to offend you.
“You might want to come out here, Sherlock,” the king called from where he was driving the caravan. “We’re coming up on our first town since we left yours.”
The thought of this entrancing man commanding a horse and fearlessly striking his lance against the shields of other knights was almost more than Sherlock could bear. “Of course I will be there, sir.”
Sherlock was more nervous than John had expected, however. He was taken aback when he touched Sherlock’s shoulder and felt how much his servant was quivering.
William’s attention remained locked on his food, which he was barely touching. “I will have to be married someday.”
The toy could not replace William’s company, but it provided company of a sort, and it reminded John of a time when someone had returned kindness to him. The toy was the gift of a soldier who had been badly wounded, so much that he was bedridden for weeks and nearly all his face had been covered in bandages. John had treated that soldier, sat by him when he could, and talked to him, though the conversations had been rather one-sided. The soldier had been too weak to talk.
“You might not want that,” his master said. “The thing that’s keeping me up…” Apparently at a loss for words, he moved the blanket away from himself, showing that there was a bulge in his trousers.
Determined to make things right, John ignored those words, and examined the block. He couldn’t tell what the unfinished carving had been meant to be. Like so many other things about his master, it was an unknown. “You like to carve, sir? It’s a good hobby. Nothing wrong with that.”
Moving with ardent resolve, the king led his servant deep into the temple, his grip tender but firm. No monks or worshippers they passed dared to question the king’s urgency, but merely watched in wonder as the noble figure brought his servant into the depths of the sanctuary.
Taking a closer look at the pigment, John wasn’t sure what was so great about the painting, but if Sherlock liked it, then that was enough reason for John to like it, too.
“I… Um, I overheard some nobles speaking from another caravan,” Sherlock said. “I assumed you heard them too… But I suppose you didn’t? Of course, you’re too noble to eavesdrop on people, sir.”
Sherlock gasped sharply. His master felt irresistibly hot and heavy. There was coarse hair that felt exquisite against Sherlock’s fingers.
Making another growl, the king guided Sherlock to lie back on the caravan’s bed. He took to undressing his servant, doing so easily, and requiring little help. Before long, he had removed Sherlock’s breeches and underclothing, leaving the lower part of Sherlock exposed, and all of him quivering with excitement before his master.
“Find me?” Mycroft scoffed. He suddenly gave a quick kiss to Lestrade, and as if the taboo act did not ruin their respectable facade, Lestrade reciprocated. Sherlock would have been hard-pressed to explain how he felt about this display, except that it was more interesting than he had anticipated, and evidently John felt much the same.
With the violin held under his arm, Sherlock learned from the craftsman how to take care of the instrument. What he learned left him adorably embarrassed, as apparently he had never correctly prepared or cleaned the violin he had once borrowed. He was also instructed on the use of rosin, which was the sticky material that allowed the bow of the violin to produce sound against the strings, and stashed some into his satchel. Again, not knowing about rosin caused Sherlock some embarrassment, but John only thought this endearing.
Heat rose in the king’s body at that instant. To be asked about these foul devices by his innocent maid suddenly brought images to his mind that were deplorable.
“I had another idea, for my plan,” John said. “I want you to help me choose my heir. You’re so perceptive about things, and besides, I wouldn’t want to decide on anyone unless they had your approval.”
Did I do something to offend you? My actions yesterday, perhaps? The ruse, or the liberties I took with your person?
“I know… But I get to see you so rarely… I’m afraid you’ll leave at any moment, that you’ll have something more important to do.”
At this, I shut up like a clam. I was tempted to add that I do have a habit of rambling, but I was sure he could deduce that for himself.
Please, would everyone stop for a moment? I do not understand at all what is going on. Or, if I do understand, I surely must be wrong.
“You would never take from me,” William said. “You would never take from anyone,” his hand becoming a fist, steadily moving faster for John, “but there is so much I can give you.”
You would do that? You need not bother on my account. It is late, and your colleagues have already gone home. No doubt you wish to do the same.
King John’s footsteps sounded loud against the wooden floor of the caravan as he stepped closer. “I tried to tell myself,” he said, “that I would be satisfied, that it was enough to have my pretty servant in my bed that one time. By any standard of decency, that one time was one too many.”
Of all the feelings he felt, the one that stirred him the most was whatever peculiar emotion made his heart stutter when he watched the king stride with confidence back towards the arena.
It was beyond Sherlock’s capabilities to speak at that moment. His desperate need for anything that the king could offer him gave him the strength to nod.
“The belts, sir,” John pleaded quietly. His body was turned away, though Sherlock could clearly see how aroused his beloved was, and the king could certainly empathise.
“Details,” Sherlock muttered, and returned to kissing his beloved. They soon fell back onto the bed, still kissing each other deeply.
Quickly becoming delirious with pleasant feelings, Sherlock rolled his head around on the bed. “Y-Your Majesty, sir…”
Lestrade grew sombre. “A worthy goal, but easier said than done.” He clapped John on the shoulder in a friendly sign of camaraderie, and spoke to some of the other worshippers before exiting the chapel. He probably went somewhere to wait on Prince Montgomery. It was plain to see that Father Lestrade and the former King Holloway were very close.
The two of them had spoken of children, and without venturing into topics that were too personal, of how those children should be allowed to grow into adults of their own choosing. Sherlock had commented on the interests he perceived in the young people who scampered by, and Mycroft had made an additional note or two. Even John was mentioned again by Mycroft, who seemed to find endless amusement in embarrassing Sherlock with innocent comments on the servant’s obvious nurturing ability.
position which had led to a horrendous cramp in the back of his knee and a panicked, giggly collapse just before the moment of
Sherlock stood with John’s assistance, responding to the tone of John’s voice, the whisper of command an excruciating tickle across his racing synapses. He lifted his chin and rested his gaze on John, tracking with his eyes as John dragged out one of the kitchen chairs and sat on it, legs spread wide, hands on his thighs, rubbing minutely. Wanting to make sense of the tension he saw, Sherlock  gave John a lightning-fast once-over, eyes widening when he saw the outline of John’s semi-hard cock tenting his trousers.
Sherlock strained awkwardly in his bonds, desperately trying to crane his head round to look at John. His flared, elegant nostrils were pinched tight with displeasure and even whiter than usual with the force of his fury. Crystalline eyes attempted to shoot daggers at his lacklustre punisher, but John neatly moved out of Sherlock’s eyeline, denying him that control. Sherlock’s head sagged back to the table, the warmed-up varnish coating the wood grabbing and releasing the flesh of his torso with painful little sucks as he moved. “Dammit, John,” he repeated, but without heat this time, “All I require is for you to
With a contented sigh John reached for the lurid cocktail which was snugged into the purpose-made holder on his lilo, sucking the ice-cold, sweetly alcoholic concoction down in greedy gulps. He was four days into his honeymoon; four long, hot sunny days, and three longer, hotter, acrobatic, imaginative, sweaty, delicious nights. John smirked into his cocktail, recalling an attempt at a particularly, uh,
. He'd lain there in a tangle of limbs, embarrassed, horny and slightly pained, the whole while laughing like a loon because he was married, he was in love, and (for the first time in a long,
With less grace than he, I maneuvered until I mirrored his pose on the seat opposite. I undid my buttons with hands suddenly cold, and drew forth my own length with some trepidation. I had never felt inadequate in the lists of love prior to this moment, but I hadn't been with another male since finishing university – and Holmes was a beast of an entirely different sort than those spotty oiks and stuck-up prefects who had initiated me into the world of masculine congress! I palmed the hot, throbbing staff and suffered Holmes' burning stare upon me with outward stoicism. After an infinite moment he met my eyes, and I startled at the hunger within. His look was somewhat devilish as he lowered his brows and growled, “Well?” I looked at him mutely; the situation had temporarily robbed me of my reason and I didn't understand what he could possibly require of me. He gestured towards where I gripped myself with casual imbeciles and said, “Display yourself properly, Watson!” Recalled to myself and somewhat chastened, yet aroused to an unbearable degree, I again remembered my training from school and stood promptly. My trousers slithered to lie about my feet and I clasped my hands atop my head, widening my stance so I thrust towards Holmes' eager self with rude vehemence.
“When you first began rooming with me, I was quite resentful of your presence,” he began. “I am, as you know, a most singular man, decided in my preferences and routines, and the presence of another within my domain caused me no little anger. However, in time, I came to realise that you have a fine mind beneath your humble façade, a loyal heart within your chest, and many, many fine masculine attributes. Where I previously existed in a happy vacuum of my own choosing, I now find my mind and my life honed…refined by your presence.” He pulled on his still-unlit pipe. “As time has gone on, Watson, I have come to view you with the utmost regard.” His gaze was unwavering, sincere, and I could do no less than return it with equal solemnity.
Reaching into the box, Sherlock pulled out a long, thick, purple-jelly vibrator, completely, veinily lifelike (apart from it’s virulent purpleness), and dropped it onto the table with a look of distaste. He shot a glance at John, who had a huge, filthy smirk on his face. “No, John,” Sherlock said, cursing himself for the breathy excitement in his tone. “No…”
As usual, Holmes seemed to divine my mood with little effort and turned his sparkling blue gaze upon me, a smile stretching his mobile mouth. “Ah, Watson, have I dismayed you again? Do not feel you have to restrain yourself from soundly chastising me, should it be required!” He folded slender fingers across his waistcoat and regarded me with no little amusement. I drew a deep breath and stared beyond the window at the featureless night.
As the doors slid shut and the carriage ascended, John tugged Sherlock close by the towel which slid open, being merely tucked rather than knotted. It slid damply to the ground. John reached up to cup Sherlock's jaw, and looked into his beautiful eyes. “You bring out the caveman in me, Love,” he said quietly. “I know they've all seen a naked bloke before - but you're
I drew in a shocked breath. Surely he couldn't mean what I thought he did? Hope and confusion warred within my breast, causing my breath to shorten, my pulse to race. As his hand warmed to my skin I shifted, minutely, the skirts of my frock coat whispering across the leather upholstery, and this seemed to spur Holmes to action: he stretched upward, sliding his hands into my hair, and planted his mouth upon mine with alacrity. I froze like a deer scenting a hunter and held my breath. After a moment he drew back, eyes cast down, and sank into an inelegant crouch upon the floor. His face was again shuttered and remote, and I shuddered at the thought I had caused him to wall his inner self away once more.
Somewhat hampered by his clothing, John made his less-elegant way after Sherlock. Catching up with him at the edge of the pool, John hooked his elbow onto the tile and used his other hand to grasp Sherlock’s upper arm, leaning in to whisper vehemently at his spouse, “The reason I'm asking, you insufferable
“Watson, I…” he broke off then moved off the seat and onto his knees before me, peering into my face with wide, beseeching eyes, stripped of his usual arrogance. Actual vulnerability swam in the crystalline depths, shocking me to the core. I thought I understood what he meant, but barely dared to believe. He stretched up a hand to cup my face, stroking his fingers – calloused from years of violin playing – along my suddenly sensitive flesh. “Watson, I esteem you. Greatly. I wish most sincerely to…to know you more deeply. To…know you ultimately, if you are willing.”
naked bloke. I don't wanna share you just yet.” He stretched up and pressed a kiss on Sherlock's slack mouth.
times, he still heard her answering the call - a busker playing sax forlornly on the street corner. He could feel his skin, unpleasantly warm on the front, brushed with goosepimples on the back; cramp beginning in his left hip where the joint was being held at an unnatural angle for too long; sweat trickling from his hairline and down his aristocratic nose to hang from the tip. His mouth was dry, Sherlock realised suddenly, and his head was beginning to hurt. He closed his eyes and exhaled a shaky breath. Now that he wasn’t focussed on the experiment he felt dangerously close to being overwhelmed by the sensory input.
William had never been kind about Montgomery’s failure to head into battle during the war. “That quarrel is behind us,” Sherlock said.
had to set things straight here. “You’re not still worried that Bertie’s going to get tired of you, are you?”
When most people thought of Sherlock, they probably imagined the pharaoh sitting proudly on his throne in the great hall, wearing a pleated kilt, ornate headdress and gold amulet, deciding the fates of all Egyptians with a wave of his ornamented staff. Perhaps they also thought of the divine king’s eyes, lined with black pigment and decorated with a green shadow, looking from one supplicant to the next with godly wisdom and judgment.
“I won’t tell anyone, Sherlock.” Mycroft waited with compassion, holding onto his mug patiently. In this place, in these clothes, Mycroft had all the freedom that Sherlock had to act as he felt and to say as he meant.
For a time, the king held his servant, as they recovered their breath. Undoubtedly the king was not so astonished by what they had done, but Sherlock was so thoroughly overcome that he wondered if he would ever recover.
They’re just two people like any others, and if they choose to dance, whether with words or embraces or both, if they danced one way or another, in all the ways they wished to all through their lives, then what could anyone have to say about that?
If you will not report me to the police, it would be in awfully bad taste for me to report you, don’t you think?
“Hmm? Oh, heavens, no. Now, I do believe it is your turn, John! It’s only sporting, after I shared how I’m feeling.”
In the meantime, John returned to his master’s room, and since King William was not there, the servant decided he would make himself useful by cleaning the suite. After John had been permitted to undress William and clean him in a bath, as maddening as that had been, it seemed likely that there was to be little privacy between them. Certainly, the master would allow John to clean the contents of the bedroom’s drawers.
Sherlock is pulling him forward as he walks them backwards towards the bed, and when his knees hit, Sherlock sits down without breaking the kiss, and John’s hands move to cup his face again, his fingers pushing into thick curls. Sherlock’s hands move to John’s hips, fingers dipping into the waistband of his trousers, before moving to pop the button on the top. John’s breath catches as those skillful fingers tug down the zipper and John pulls back from the kiss to look down into Sherlock’s eyes.
When they were nearly back to Baker Street, John saw the car pull up to the kerb and slowly pace him. He felt his shoulders and fists tighten automatically and when the door was opened when the car pulled ahead to stop in front of him, he felt a moment of giddy excitement at the thought of jumping in the car and slugging Mycroft Holmes right in the mouth.
“I’m so happy for you two. It really is time. Have you made plans yet? Will you get married in a church?”
John took a moment to take in the sight before him. The always impeccable suit, the aubergine button-down that showcased milky skin and dark curls, and those piercing, intelligent eyes that saw everything. What did he see now, John wondered.
John pulled back and opened his eyes. He didn’t let go of Sherlock. Not yet. He let his fingers catch in the dark curls at the back of Sherlock’s head. They were so much softer than he imagined.
“Mr. Campbell, thank you for meeting us,” Sherlock said. He noticed how John’s gaze turned sharply to him at that. He ignored him, and instead reached out his hand and the other man took it and shook it firmly.
The cottage was postcard-perfect in that quaint quintessentially English countryside way. There was a garden bursting with life and color that surrounded the entirety of the whitewashed walls. Wisteria trees, lavender, and other flowers John couldn't identify were home to a variety of butterflies, songbirds, and bees. They all blended together with the scent of the sea that he couldn’t see, but knew was there. John breathed in deeply as muscles he hadn’t realized were tense began to relax.
“How are you here?” Sherlock asked, his eyes closing again as he breathed in all the scents of John.
When one of the other doctors begged off to relieve her daughter’s sitter, John took his opportunity to head out, as well. He didn’t have anyone waiting for his return, but he had hit his sociability limit for the day. He left with a wave and a smile and received the same along with a chorus of “byes” and “see you on Monday” that followed him out of the pub and into the crisp evening air.
The sound of Sherlock’s voice hit him with the force of a lorry to the chest. He had nearly forgotten how deep it was, the cadence and posh accent, and he had to close his eyes a moment to breathe. By the end of the all too short video, Sherlock promised to be with him soon, and John wished that were true.
“No, no, I wasn’t...no. I was just saying it’s fine. It’s all fine,” John tried to explain quickly as he felt his stomach fall through the floor in panic and not a small amount of disappointment.
The more John watched Joy he finally gave up holding back his laughter and let it out. It was absolutely ridiculous that a dog sniffing a box should cause his chest to tighten and feel looser all at the same time, but it did.
Mrs. Hudson looked flustered at the sudden turn in the conversation and tossed her hands in the air. “I’m going back to my flat so you two can have your little domestic in private. Don’t be too loud dears,” she proclaimed as she headed out the door and down the stairs.
John wasn’t sure why, or at least if he did know why he didn’t want to fully look it in the face right then, but the sound of Sherlock’s rich baritone at the moment, even while complaining, had John biting back a moan as he grew harder in his fist.
“I told you, those were for an experiment,” Sherlock explained for what felt like the hundredth time.
“I hate repeating myself. I’m trying to explain that statistically sharing a flat with a relative stranger,” the man began but was cut off by the sound of heavy footsteps running up the stairs. Definitely not the elderly landlady.
He ended up calling on Mike, who had a lead for a position in a clinic on the other side of the city. John didn’t want to move from 221B, no matter how many ghosts haunted it those days. He called and got an interview, anyway.
He looked down at the man before him. The expanse of smooth milky skin, the delightfully disheveled curls, the peaked rosy nipples, the lines of muscle, the beautiful hard cock. His heart pounded in his chest at the beauty of this man, his best friend, and he couldn’t wait any longer.
John was tempted. So incredibly tempted. To live with this man, to follow him around, to be lost in him. He could see it all happening with perfect clarity.
John didn’t like sitting in silence. It reminded him too much of Sherlock’s time away. Sherlock scoffed softly at his own word choice. ‘Time away.’ No. That wasn’t fair of him. It reminded John too much of the time when Sherlock, for all intents and purposes, was dead. John had sat in silence for weeks, just like he had after his return from Afghanistan all those years ago, and now silence was abhorrent to him. Silence was when his nightmares would come to haunt him. Before he fell, Sherlock would fill the flat with the music from his violin to hold them at bay.
John blinked and nodded at the appropriate times, or what he thought were the appropriate times, as he let his landlady prattle on the way she did whether he was paying attention or not. He was content enough to let her. She didn’t require him to respond verbally and it was a relationship that worked well for the both of them since Sherlock’s fall. She talked, and he listened, and they drank tea or played cards games that she always won and John was convinced that she was counting cards or something because there was no way someone just won that often.
The detective returned his smile shyly and John wondered at it a moment before he felt Sherlock’s large hand curl over his own as it rested on his thigh. John looked down at their hands, his heart thudding hard in his chest before he looked back up at Sherlock. Sherlock was watching him and he had a strangely uncertain and hesitant expression on his face that John had never seen before.
John glanced down at the table and noticed yet another plate of biscuits. He grabbed a tray and placed the tea and the plate on it before leaving the kitchen. The clacking of keys had faded and the living room was silent by the time he walked in with his laden tray.
Sherlock ran, taking the stairs two at a time, and John was right on his heels as they entered the flat. There were police throughout the flat, searching through the papers scattered about and the detritus spread through the whole of the kitchen. In Sherlock’s chair sat the silver-haired detective inspector that John had met just hours before. Across from him, the pink case lay open.
John crossed quickly to the window and peered out, quickly finding the top of Rosie’s curly blonde head as she poked about the garden flowers.
He was going to burn to ash under John’s lips, his tongue, the calloused hands of the doctor and soldier that caressed over his bare skin, and he welcomed it with open arms and breathy sighs and didn’t bother to quiet his pleasure because it was John. John touched and played him the way he played his violin, coaxing sounds from him that he didn’t know he was capable of making.
“Did Joy keep you company, Mrs. Hudson?” John called out towards the kitchen when Joy hadn’t come running as he opened the door.
It was odd how something as random as burnt food could remind John of Sherlock. Well, perhaps not so odd, really. There was something about the whole process of cooking that reminded him of Sherlock. Cooking was almost like chemistry. Or, at least the chemistry that Sherlock had liked to practice in the kitchen. Experimenting with different flavors and techniques was similar to Sherlock messing about and creating whatever reaction he was looking for when he worked. It felt that way, anyway. It was almost like cooking was a way to remember Sherlock, even though it was something they had rarely done while they lived together.
“Hey, didn’t hear you come in,” he smiled warmly, then his smile fell as he took in Sherlock’s rather waterlogged appearance. “Did you walk home? You’re soaked!”
“Relationships, though,” he continued with a shake of his head. “I’ve only had one relationship with a woman that involved any kind of real emotional attachment. My other two relationships were with men. My last two, actually. Alex, and after him, James. We were in the army together,” he explained as Sherlock’s brow arched up at the mention of James. John watched him for a moment as he worried his bottom lip between his teeth. Then he took a deep breath and spoke again. “I only went out with women because I knew it most likely wouldn’t develop into anything more than sex. And for the record, I was always clear about that upfront.”
John blinked in reply. He usually did the planning for these kinds of things, and for Sherlock to have not only planned, but have put all those plans in motion, was a bit of a shock.
She came over to look through the box with John and they spent the early afternoon decorating the tree while sharing random stories that didn’t make any sense to share while decorating a tree, but neither of them seemed to care
He was on the hunt for the sunblock in the small bag he had filled with beach supplies and the towels he had brought down when Sherlock spun around to stare at him.
“If it rains, then you’ll get mud. Otherwise, it’s just dirt,” John grumbled as he resigned himself to apparently having to get out of his shower to follow Sherlock to some blasted crime scene.
John’s hand on his curls tightened, just a touch, and he moaned deep in his throat, then let go of his nipple and stole John’s mouth again in a bruising kiss. John’s hand slipped from his curls to his jaw to angle his head to deepen the kiss, and Sherlock’s hands grasped John’s hips and pulled him closer. John broke the kiss and pulled just far enough away to look into his eyes. Sherlock felt more naked under that gaze than a lack of clothing would account for.
John finished his tea and set the empty mug in the sink. “I’m going to take a shower and then make dinner.”
“I guess I really did the unexpected tonight then,” John smiled and Sherlock’s return smile was dazzling.
It was sentimental, but there was no one there to judge him for it anymore. The fact that Sherlock had kept them showed just how much he cared for them as well, but it would have been a waste of oxygen to try and point that out to the man.
Perhaps that was why Sherlock hadn’t wanted help with sunblock and needed a moment alone before coming in. John had carried his scar for longer than Sherlock and still felt a modicum of self-consciousness when revealing it in public places. It made sense that he might have needed a moment to himself before he removed his armour and allowed others to see what he hid. Sherlock often liked to pretend that he was above such things, his body merely transport and all that bullshit, but John knew Sherlock better than that. The man was a riptide. He appeared placid and calm on the outside, but inside he was churning with more emotion than John had ever seen in anyone.
The loofah he still somehow held in his hand fell to the bottom of the shower and his free hand went to the back of Sherlock’s neck, fingers slipping into the wet curls at his nape, and his other hand went to Sherlock’s chest, fingers splayed against the warm, slick skin. He felt Sherlock’s heart thudding hard under his hand and reveled in the strong, steady, accelerated beat.
John was the only one to ever put flowers on his grave. Occasionally Mrs. Hudson would accompany him and they would leave flowers together, but otherwise, it was just him. He had thought Molly at least would visit, but if she did, she never left anything behind. Everyone grieved in their own way, he supposed. He knew he was the only one though because when he would go to visit, his would be the only ones there from his previous visit, and he would trade out the dead ones for a freshly cut bouquet.
They turned to look at each other, small smiles pulling at both of their mouths as they spoke simultaneously.
“Want to see how many fantasies we can make a reality?” Sherlock asked with a raised brow and John smiled.
What was far more concerning was the possibility of quarantine. Not for John, of course. He would be perfectly content to stay at home and read and work on his blog.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair as he watched the man and casually crossed his legs. The potential client’s eyes were still continually flickering around and Sherlock bit back the sigh that wanted to escape.
It didn’t matter that John didn’t actually live upstairs. The chair had been inadvertently claimed by him, and it was now his chair. It wasn’t logical, but that didn’t change anything.
He gasped, took in a great lungful of oxygen, stared into the silvery eyes that were focused so intently on him. Eyes that read everything, saw everything, and now seemed to finally see John, all of John, and accepted what he saw there.
“Brilliant,” John smiled, and for a moment Sherlock wasn’t sure if he had spoken his deduction about Mr. Campbell’s motives aloud and he was reacting to being actively pursued in such a way, but no, John was simply commenting on his deduction of the case. Just as he always did.
“This.” One large hand gesticulated wildly between them. “You and me. I don’t know how to do this. I don’t want to mess this up and I think I already have.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude. It’s just a bit surprising to find a man who can cook these days,” she said and John shrugged.
He quickly fired off a text and a moment later heard the shower turn off. His fingers tapped a staccato rhythm against the screen as he waited for a reply to his text. He heard the sound of the loo door being opened, and then the sound of John’s footsteps as he climbed up the stairs. Sherlock’s foot joined in on the physical displays of anxiety as he waited for his text to be answered. After a moment he swiped his phone open again and stared at the text he sent, then closed it and opened up a tab on his internet browser.
He could feel the heat of Sherlock’s body as they sat silently, both of them looking out their respective windows, and neither spoke a word the entire ride back to their flat. The silence was heavy between them, and though John had stopped thinking at the restaurant, his thoughts came back now and refused to be ignored. He kept glancing slyly at his friend beside him, but no words came to him.
He pulled up his mental map of London and the most likely route the taxi would be taking and took off, John right on his heels. He glanced back a couple of times as they ran. John kept pace, no cane in sight, and Sherlock let himself smile when no one could see. This was perfect! The adrenaline, the thrill of the chase, the potential for danger. This was what he needed to pull John in to get him to stay. For the flat, of course. Pull John in to stay for the flat. Though, he would admit that he was having more fun than he had had on previous cases where he worked alone.
John stood and made his way back to the kitchen, pulled open an upper cabinet, and grabbed the nearly empty bottle at the front. He poured a finger of whisky into his empty teacup before turning to look at the closed door at the end of the hallway. It didn't matter that it wasn't even 6, yet. He raised the glass in salute.
The same adrenaline that flooded his system in a chase coursed through him as he stood there. His heart pounded almost painfully in his chest. He briefly considered speaking. Saying something. Explain to John that he felt the same. The takeaway and the cases and all of it. That there had been some kind of misunderstanding all this time between them. But they were both men of action, and there had been enough talking tonight.
“To help carry a box,” John replied and Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Well if you don’t want to come then I’ll just move in tomorrow,” he continued, and Sherlock stood up abruptly.
John had nearly jumped in response. He denied that his intentions were to ask Sherlock out. He had looked panicked as he tripped over his words to assert that Sherlock had misread the conversation. “It’s all fine.”
Luckily, she seemed to take pity on him and the stink. “That sounds lovely. Give me a moment to get my coat and we can be on our way.”
“Pity, we could have split it. Think it through next time,” Sherlock replied, and John couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face. This man was so unlike anyone he had ever met before.
John released his hand and Sherlock leaned back in his chair. Sherlock didn’t bother hiding his smile.
He took a deep breath and turned back to his computer, typing into the search bar for flights. He didn’t have much money to spend, but he needed out of the country, just for the holiday, and then he could return. He found the cheapest flight he could find, not even caring where it went, and bought a roundtrip ticket right then.
Sherlock stood by the fireplace, silent. John could feel his eyes on him and just couldn’t look up. So much for bravery.
Sherlock noticed that John’s eyes flicked up to track his movement into the kitchen, then back to his notebook when he saw where Sherlock was going. A moment later he heard John push his chair back and stand up from the desk. With his position at the kitchen table, Sherlock was able to observe without being seen.
And despite everything they went through, all the heartache and anger and his brief marriage to a bloody assassin, and then the somehow miraculous addition of Rosie to their lives, his love had only continued to grow.
He turned in his chair to fully face John. John was still facing the door that Alex had left through. He had every intention to say that he would take the case for John’s friend if that’s what he wanted. That was exactly what he planned to say. Unfortunately, it was not at all what actually came out of his mouth.
Sherlock played with the ring that John had given him. It was lovely. A simple band of platinum. Nothing intricate or ostentatious, which was exactly what Sherlock would have picked for himself. The only feature that stood out was the inside of the ring. The date they had met was engraved into the metal alongside the words My Best Friend.
And he really couldn’t help it. He let out a string of deductions about John. Explained how he knew he was a soldier, a doctor, his psychosomatic limp, his therapist, and his alcoholic brother who had left his wife.
Sherlock blinked. Three years? He had deduced John’s relationship with Alex had been serious, of course, but he hadn’t realized just how long it had lasted. He trudged on.
The silver-haired man was immersed in conversation with one of his techs, someone Sherlock didn’t know, and he sent the woman away when he spotted Sherlock. He gave him a friendly nod, his eyes scanning behind Sherlock for a short, blond doctor that wasn’t there.
They woke to grey skies and steady rain on their last full day at the cottage, but they didn’t let the weather keep them from enjoying themselves. Even Rosie found ways to occupy herself, and John counted himself lucky that she didn’t spend the entire day crying and whinging about being stuck inside. They played and read books with her when she demanded their attention and helped her “play” with Ice Cream, which mainly consisted of her holding him in her palm and squealing gleefully whenever he poked out of his shell. When there had been a lull in the rain that afternoon, Sherlock had taken Rosie down to the water to hunt for more sea glass treasure that the storm might have brought to shore.
John sighed. Well, he was already standing in the water up to his neck. Sherlock had wanted to tell him something...he held onto the hope that what he wanted to say was in line with what John hoped to hear. That what he was about to say would let him swim instead of drown. A hand reached out and he let his fingers gently twist around a single curl near Sherlock’s ear. If that was to be the only chance he ever had to do so, then he wanted to at least know what those curls felt like. They were soft.
Sherlock raised his shoulders in an absentminded shrug. “Nothing that needs my full attention just yet,” he answered. A few more quick taps on the keys of the laptop opened up several tabs and he began reading over the website that Mr. Campbell had provided him with for information on the clinic he ran. Another tab held the names of the different events where the non-profit was listed as the recipient for fundraising efforts. There were two hospitals, several private businesses, and a handful of private citizens. He was halfway down the list of businesses when Mrs. Hudson settled the tea tray down at the table closest to him and she began the task of pouring them both a cup and preparing them to their liking.
John watches as Sherlock’s eyes track the man carefully until he is out of sight. He tells himself that it’s a good thing Sherlock has decided to sit and join him. It must be good. He could have walked off if he wanted. He picks up the now filled wine glass in front of him and briefly considers offering a toast before deciding against it.
John tossed his duffle bag on the bed of the Airbnb he had found for a really decent price, actually, considering the location and the time of year. The aeroplane ride over and the quick ride on the metro has been thankfully easy and uneventful. He had chosen this place due to its closeness to a metro stop, and he was happy that it really was about a 5 minute walk from the underground to the front door. It even had a keypad entrance, so he didn’t have to interact with anyone and it didn’t matter what time he got in.
“I am glad to hear that, though I suspect your natural goodness leads you to exaggerate his kindness.”
Rein in your envy, Mycroft, I can hardly stand the stench of it. In any case, you’ll make Lestrade forget all about innocent waltzes soon enough, I’m sure.
The world was much too frightening a place without King John. He did not want to impose on King John’s time to himself, but Sherlock could not bear to be alone outside any longer. Shivering from more than cold, Sherlock lit a candle of beeswax in the flames, and then put out the fire, watching his steps under the light of the candle as he returned to the caravan. He tried to be unobtrusive as he quietly opened the door and stepped into the vehicle, closing the door behind him as he entered.
In the dim candlelight, Sherlock could barely see the incredible look that flashed in John’s eyes. The king was filled with pride, to see that John could want him that much.
King John procured that jar of his, and dipped his hand into it before letting his fingers glide along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
“I believe he has a pair of gloves, but I see the problem. He needs his hands to turn the pages of the book, no doubt. John, do you think he would use fingerless gloves?”
Once he had investigated enough, William stood. One final test was necessary. He wrapped his arms around John, and kissed his dear servant. John moaned, loudly at first from surprise, then with a longing for more, and William was happy to kiss him deeply, devotedly.
The corner of Mycroft’s mouth was slowly rising in a smirk, and in concert Sherlock felt heat rise to his cheeks. By the time Mycroft’s eyes had that astuteness of intense awareness that Sherlock was so used to seeing in his brother, the younger man was red-faced.
“I know I have a lot of details to work out, but what do you think about the general idea?” Touching Sherlock’s arm again, and leaving his hand there, John asked, “Is something wrong?”
I see. I would be honoured to assist you, Holmes, but I would need to be in disguise as well, I think.
This should have been a momentous undertaking, as Sherlock expected never to return to this town. Yet there was little for him to do. Of what meagre objects he possessed, he sold what did not need to be taken with him, and packed the remaining larger items—merely several pieces of clothing and a shaving kit—in a bag. He placed his small effects in his satchel, which he was already in the habit of using to store a number of tools, including sewing materials, a hairbrush, and a mirror.
The scarf was soft against John’s cheek. He thought again of Sherlock as a child, free to carve wood, and of Mycroft sewing whatever he liked. John was sure that the two brothers had meant a lot to each other. He wondered if Sherlock had worn his trademark blue scarf, even as a child... and at that instant, he thought of why Sherlock might always wear this scarf, while William never did.
means slow down. Don’t mix those two up. Also, you can tell the horse to walk, to trot, or to canter.”
With no small amount of frustration, John brought his hand to his forehead. Leave it to Sherlock to try to influence John through one of the only people he respected. “Did Sherlock put you up to this?”
“It is nothing, pay it no mind.” Almost helplessly, William added quietly, “May I keep holding you?”
He eagerly showed John the third item, a tall, thin bottle. Sherlock poured out a sample of the dark liquid inside, then spread it over a spot on John’s leg. It was a cool, soothing oil. “These gifts may be used however you wish, beloved.”
All right, I wasn’t so sure that Sherlock would agree. He’s not always the most sociable guy. However, I was confident I could convince him that it was a good idea. Him and Jeeves, both being brainy, problem-solving types, ought to enjoy getting to know one another. I figured they’d get along right away, like how Bertie and I did when we first met. And just like how Bertie and I bonded over writing our blogs, Jeeves and Sherlock could relate to each other since they both did consulting work, more or less. Plus, the new experience of a double date would make things interesting for Sherlock, who can never stand a dull moment.
How incredible it would be, Sherlock thought with a half-rational mind, for that thick pleasure that King John was driving into him to spill, to empty into the servant; could he then give his master a child? Is that what the lady in the story did for the great monarch? Was it a story of a strong, virile king impregnating his modest, faithful maid?
The servant hesitated before giving his answer, as the question was very unexpected. “Sherlock. But you don’t have to remember that.”
“No, sir. That possibility is not what concerns me at present.” More than anything, he seemed resigned. “One might suppose,” he said to me, “you are under the impression that, in this modern world, class differences no longer exist. If that is so, Dr. Watson, then you are mistaken. The boundaries may be less rigid than in times past, and not as apparent in your own daily life, but distinctions of that nature exist as they have always done, and are still very clear to persons in certain social positions. Though you may only know him as a genial friend, Mr. Wooster is in fact from a prominent and influential family, and people in his position simply do not become close to their employees.”
“Oh, oh,” John whimpered, his body undulating, his bound hands clenching reflexively. There was nothing he could do but enjoy Sherlock’s attention to the fullest.
King John groaned. “Oh, I couldn’t ever let you go. I’d sooner strike a man down than let him have you.”
John held firm. He didn’t want to fail William. “But he could help me acquire clothes that would meet with m’lord’s approval?”
As John recovered, Sherlock helped him dress again, as if he were any servant humbly dressing his master.
Believing that he could help William somehow, if he only knew what the problem was, John bravely turned back to the drawer and searched it again, uncovering a shaved block of wood.
“It has a musical sound when falling from your lips. But it is also pleasing when you call me Jeeves.”
King John was not the only reason Sherlock wanted to go on this journey. The rugged, gallant king was a likeable man, of course, and a pleasure to be around, despite what he had said about his bad moods, so Sherlock could excuse himself for finding some enjoyment in being in such company. But the freedom of leaving this town and finding a new life was what compelled Sherlock.
Sherlock thought carefully before replying. People, relationships, real, physical things weren't what he did well. He didn’t like not being good at things, at not knowing exactly what was happening, which was why he’d always avoided relationships (and indeed most people) like the plague. But, looking at John’s familiar, comfortable face so close to his own, feeling John’s breath warm his cheek, feeling the thump of John’s heart against his own chest, Sherlock suddenly realised that - out of all the many people he’d ever met - here was the
Ever curious, Holmes leaned forward. His breath caressed my aching flesh moistly and stirred the curls which bracketed my manhood, and I bit sharply on my lip to remain in presentation stance for him. Eyes forward, I could only hear the faint, wet sounds of his continued self-pleasure, but my mind threw up images to accompany the slap, slap, slap… Distracted thus, I yelped in a most undignified manner when he curled a catlike tongue about my tip and roughly lapped up my body's own damp emission. He purred, deep in his throat. “You are delicious, Watson,” he declared. “The very essence of maleness! Sublime…” and he returned to torturing my tenderly aching flesh with lips and teeth and tongue, until I was clawing at my hair in order not to move or to scream aloud at the pleasure he thus bestowed. He slid a hand across my hip, around my rear, and dallied briefly at my dark portal, ceasing all action when I tensed like a very statue. “No?” he questioned softly, and I shook my head in the negative. It was a long journey in my mind from our current dalliance to
Suddenly, Sherlock’s superiority came flooding back along with his inquisitiveness. “At the risk of sounding perhaps gauche, John…” he began. John looked up, inquisitively. “Would you kindly assist me with gathering the data for my experiment now?” John’s face fell almost comically. “And then,” Sherlock said with a small, sly smile, “Could we kiss some more?”
With a pout, Sherlock surfaced and strode, unashamed, from the pool, climbing the wide, shallow steps with insouciant grace and a superior smirk.
I could no more resist Holmes like this than I could when his brain caught hold of an ephemeral scent or thought on an investigation and he towed me in his wake, so I hurried to reassure him. “No, Holmes, no dalliance. This is something right, and good!” He smiled once more, and I leaned into him for a final, lingering kiss. I could feel the train decelerating: we were nearly in London once more. “No, Holmes, I have every intention of doing not only that, but far more besides, once we are in the privacy of our flat once more. I trust that your brilliant mind is as inventive and curious in the arts of love as in the field of criminal investigation?” I said the last as a tease, but at the wide, delighted grin he bestowed upon me, the hint of mischief deep in the intelligent eyes, my body thrilled to him again.
“Tell me we can do that again?” he begged, the mask of hauteur he commonly wore nowhere in sight. “Tell me it was not just a dalliance to while away the journey?”
John pushed surreptitiously at his hardening cock with the heel of his hand, replacing the cocktail in its holder then adjusted his sunglasses briefly. Stiffy momentarily tamed, he sighed happily and returned to drifting dreamily across the surface of the large, child-free pool underneath a clear cerulean sky, trying hard not to think of what his clever, imaginative spouse might be thinking of for them later that night.
little secret - but as for how John felt about him, Sherlock…? He sucked in a deep breath, praying the oxygen would kick-start a brain gone suddenly sluggish. It didn’t.
, sometimes.” Slicking his hair back, trickles of pool water sliding sensuously down the pearl-pale length of him, Sherlock permitted John  to wrap him in the towel. He followed almost meekly as John dragged him away from the pool and towards the large glass doors which led back inside. “I mean, everybody there has seen a naked male
John slowly brought his mouth down to Sherlock’s, the pair of them keeping their eyes open until the last moment. Once their lips touched, they both closed their eyes and revelled in the sensations of the kiss; the intimacy of shared breath, the slide of a tongue against teeth, the delicious sound of a lover’s broken plea. They kissed for long moments, for infinity and yet no time at all, eventually pulling apart to look at each other with similarly stunned expressions. Finally, John puffed out a laugh.
John got right into Sherlock’s space and kissed him, hard. “Brat,” he growled. “Just...you...wait…” He led Sherlock back to the table and helped him into a spread-eagle, face-down position once more, tying and checking the ropes with cool efficiency. “Ready?”
Without pausing to rationalise, I slid down to join Holmes on the floor, our lower limbs tangling, my coat puddling about his, our faces so close I could feel his every faint exhalation stir the hairs of my mustache. “Really, Watson,” Holmes began in his most bored and superior voice, but this time it was
“I...yes, John,” Sherlock replied with none of his usual attitude. For once he was confused and unable to predict what was coming. His bonds loosed, John rubbed briskly at Sherlock’s limbs, massaging them until they glowed pink with healthy blood flow. He smiled a small, pleased grin.
The chair scraped again, and air whooshed over Sherlock’s skin as John moved around to stand at his head, where he crouched, cradling Sherlock’s jaw with a square, capable hand. The callouses formed on his dominant hand chafed exquisitely, and Sherlock fought to suppress a shiver of baffled arousal. He didn’t understand his body, sometimes. “Sherlock, open your eyes,” John said quietly.
person who not only tolerated, but liked him. Who didn’t just tolerate him for what he could do, but supported, encouraged and assisted him. The man who told him off when he was out of line, acted as a shield between Sherlock and the rest of the world, fed him, organised him, and actually
who threw caution, society and the law to the wind in a frenzied, passionate embrace. After a moment of absolute stillness, Holmes responded with the hawk-like focus and utter commitment he bestowed upon anything which held his interest. Our mouths duelled for supremacy, tongues snaking and twining with mounting desire. We held each other's faces, fingers nestled in pomaded waves, breathing in the everyday, yet newly extraordinary scents of shaving soap and talcum powder. Holmes drew back and pressed kisses all over my jaw and mouth, all the while muttering feverishly.
“As you can tell - actually, probably tell, being you - from looking at me, I am aroused, Sherlock,” John stated. “I’m
bi, and I do have a dominant kink. Working so closely with you for these months has been difficult, because, well, a,” he grinned, “You’re bloody gorgeous,” (Sherlock blushed, feeling the colour race from his  high cheekbones down his neck and across his collarbones) “And b, every time you give me that know-it-all attitude I want to fuck you into happy silence.” John casually stroked a hand up his thigh and palmed his erection with a light squeeze. “Having you tied to the table and being asked to flog you has been an unanticipated kind of torture, this morning…”
The train shuddered and swayed through the coal-dark night, fog wreathing in through the window which Holmes had cracked open to freshen our private carriage after smoking his pipe. Fog and smoke mixed together to give him the semblance of a misty halo in the flickering gaslight. The air was redolent with the scent of his tobacco and Holmes stretched, lazy and self-satisfied as a cat before a crackling hearth. I sighed, mentally shaking my head: he could be so unbearably superior in the aftermath of a successful investigation.
John lobbed the flogger at Sherlock’s head, missing by a deliberately narrow margin (he was, after all, an excellent shot). “No,” he replied.
time later before either of them left the flat. John noticed the parcel, addressed to Sherlock, and brought it in. Sherlock opened it, extracting a note scrawled on a Metropolitan Police compliments slip in Lestrade’s familiar, untidy scrawl.
he thought to himself, noting in passing that the man was stark naked, all his well-proportioned glory on display. It wasn't until said man knifed cleanly off the edge of the pool that realisation doused John like ice water, and he ripped off his sunglasses to do a double-take, just as Sherlock surfaced and began lazily crawling across the pool toward John, who tried sitting up (forgetting he was on a lilo) and promptly tipped himself and his cocktail into the pool.
to beat me in the manner in which we ascertained the murderer did. You are, I calculate, of like enough build and stature, that we should quickly be able to corroborate my hypothesis. But not,” he attempted to crane his head round again, the table slurping painfully at his groin and nipples as he did so, “If you persist in this half-hearted manner!”
The train sped along, reaching speeds of near sixty miles an hour, and I calculated that given the two hours since we had left Bristol, we would be over halfway back to London. No doubt Holmes could have told me our exact location, should I have cared to enquire it of him, but my purpose in this calculation was merely to gather my thoughts before speaking. Also, Holmes could not abide silence unless he was the one to instigate it. He waited with ill-concealed impatience, losing by increments the mask of superiority, only to replace it with exasperation. “Watson-“ I tapped the forefinger of my left hand on my upper lip, stroking the fine mustache there, and waved my right hand to indicate a need for silence.
I drew breath to cut Holmes down to size, but suddenly he exploded in a fury of movement, slender, gangly limbs flying about as he launched himself at the door to our compartment, twisted the lock shut and drew the privacy shade down. Whirling about, he dimmed the lamp right down, then tore off his deerstalker hat, tossing carelessly upon the seat opposite me. Startled, I looked at him questioningly, but had to wait no time at all for answers.
near my unguarded posterior, even to prove myself right!” He squirmed in his bonds once more and waited longer than he liked for a reply. “Well, then, if you are unable to assist, kindly release me. John?”
aroused. He propped a hand on his hip and rubbed at his head til his hair stood up in spikes. “Well,” he said again, with a sheepish grin. “Well.” He laughed at his lack of words. “Uh...well…”
Well, not silence, exactly. Sherlock’s hyperaware senses parsed the ticking of three separate clocks in the flat (one incrementally out-of-sync), the hysterical buzz of a fly trapped behind a curtain, an argument happening on the street outside, Mrs Hudson’s phone ringing - it would be a cold-caller, it always was, at this time of day, yet despite Sherlock having informed her of this many,
“Eloquent as ever, John,” said Sherlock with an arched brow. Both men looked at each other, realising how right this felt. John stood up and pulled Sherlock after him, folding him into a hug which quickly devolved into a not-so-surreptitious grope. The sensation of John’s nails lightly scratching the long muscles of his back reduced Sherlock to jelly, and he gasped.
Sherlock grunted and leaned into the kiss for a long moment before pulling back. “Sometimes I truly believe that your sheer, bullheaded illogicality is the biggest reason I love you,” he said quietly. “But then I have to acknowledge that for once there's no path of reason, no formula for me to follow. I love you, much as I hate to say it, just because.” He smiled, that rare, bright smile which transformed his entire face, making him look young and free. John smiled back. He stooped to pick the towel up and fasten it about Sherlock's hips once more, tucking it in tightly.
“Oh, really, John? Has free, unlimited alcohol and several nights of over-ambitious fornication addled your brain so thoroughly?” Sherlock drawled. “I would have thought that - even in an advanced state of intoxication - you'd have understood that I am taking a swim.
Hearing no reply, she started up the stairs, skirt swishing around her calves as she climbed. She paused to catch her breath on the little landing outside their door, and as she inhaled she heard muffled, rhythmic grunts and groans and “Dammit, John!” sounding clearly through the door. With a happy little grin, Mrs Hudson rapped on the door before leaving the parcel where they could find it easily, and tapped back downstairs to make a nice cup of tea.
John advanced, picking up the scary purple vibrator and handling it suggestively. “Would you care to bet on that?” he said.
“Wait’ll we get back to our room,” he grinned. “I'll remind you of several very good reasons why you love me!” As Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, the lift slid to a stop, and John held up a forestalling hand. “No. No more talking from you, thank you. You've been very bratty indeed this morning, and I need to remind you of certain rules, I think.” He strode from the lift, uncaring or not realising that he was still sopping wet and was leaving a soggy trail of footprints behind him.
“Please call me Alex,” he said with a polite smile. Sherlock would really rather not call him Alex; he rather wished he had never met the man at all, but he had made a decision and he would see it through.
“Well, I would need to reconsider the clinic I’m currently working at. It’s close enough to me, but it would be a 45-minute commute from here, and I’m not keen on that.”
John stared at Sherlock for several moments, his mind fuzzy and swirling at the question. Why not make the fantasy a reality? Well, several reasons. Reasons that were hard to remember when the object of said fantasies was sitting across from him, watching him with silver eyes that flashed with hat and that sharp intellect that enchanted John. Why not just lean forward and put a hand on his knee?
“Do you know when Mrs. Hudson will be back so I can sign my name on the lease?” John asked as he reached Sherlock. The taller man waited for him just outside the door with the gleaming 221B inlaid on its face.
In the taxi, John kept throwing him sideways glances until he finally rolled his eyes and turned to look at him.
“John,” he said quietly, stepping up close to the shorter man, eyes locked on his, and John stared at him for a long moment before a look passed through his eyes.
Instead of focusing on that, he switched tactics. John was nervous about the personal aspect between them. He would focus on the Work, instead. Impress upon John how important he was to the cases and to the people they had helped.
“Oh, I do. And I will. But I need to eat, and so do you. I have plans for you, Sherlock Holmes, and we’re going to need our energy,” John asserted with a gentle tug to his hair and his toes curled in unexpected pleasure at the sensation. Sherlock felt the blood rush to his cheeks in a furious flush at the same time it went rushing downward. Well.
And he loved Rosie as much as John did. It was so obvious. The way he held her small body and fed her her bottle, the way he held her hand when she first started to walk, the way he would throw her in the air and catch her as she giggled madly in the park, the way he would sit down with her and encourage her curiosity in his experiments.
John stared at him as a million thoughts flew through his mind. He realized a moment later that none of his thoughts or questions even mattered at the moment.
“I do have things to do today, so if you’d like to start,” he opened and the man snapped his eyes back to him and cleared his throat.
Now they were back at the beach, and they were promising to love each other through better or worse. God knows they had been through all kinds of worse, and John had all the hope in the world that the future would only hold the better for them.
Once the tea was finished, he picked up the mug and took it with him into the living room. He placed it on the table before he turned to light a fire in the fireplace. Another predictable, methodical act that required no thought as he performed the accustomed motions. With the fire lit, he turned and climbed into his chair. Pulling his feet up,  his arms hugging his legs as he rested his chin on his knees, he stared into the fire, the tea already forgotten.
Long fingers tapped at the keyboard without actually typing while he tried to decide where to start. He opened a new tab and typed in his client's name. That was something he did with all of his cases. It wasn’t because he was curious about Alexander Campbell and why John Watson had once been in a relationship with him. It was just a step he always did.
Sherlock watched John as he worked, methodical and concise, folding and packing clothes, then books, then the small bathroom and the supplies within.
Apparently it was too hot in London for the criminal classes to bother committing crimes. John had spent the last week watching Sherlock dance between pacing the rug in front of the empty fireplace, flop on the floor while Rosie built LEGO towers around his head, start three new mould experiments (in an upper cupboard where Rosie couldn’t reach), and after the sixth day of his complaints regarding the lack of cases and the abundance of heat, he had sent the man out of the flat and to the morgue to bother Molly. It was someone else’s turn for a bit.
John looked up at his friend. Took in all the features of that beautiful and beloved face. The dark brows, the sharp cheekbones, the perfect Cupid’s bow of his mouth, and those ever changing eyes. They were flashing silver at the moment.
Sherlock kissed up from his neck, along his jaw, to his ear. His breath was hot on his skin and John shivered at the feel of it tickling his ear as Sherlock bit gently on his earlobe before pulling off.
She patted her hair with her empty hand, then twisted back around to attach the bauble that she still held in her other hand to the greenery. John bent down to pick up the projectile pinecone and brought it over.
“Are you sure? Because it’s going to be rather disappointing, I think. I haven’t even bought crackers.”
John stood looking at his back for a few moments. Sherlock had made dinner. It smelled amazing. It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had cooked of course, he was a grown man and perfectly capable of cooking, but this was different somehow. John couldn’t quite figure out what made it different, but he knew it was.
He stood staring at the grave for several moments before his brain registered what was different about the familiar scene before him. His flowers had been removed, and in their place were purple hyacinths and white tulips. They were perhaps a day or two old.
John laughed. “It’s just something people do. Matching Christmas jumpers. You bought matching ones for us, you git!”
Joy lifted her head up at her name, clambering to her feet, nudging at John’s hand on his knee and he scratched her ear.
“I couldn’t take a chance that I was wrong, John. I didn’t want to lose you and Rosie. I didn’t know if our friendship could survive if I took the chance and you did not feel the same way. I never expected you to be the one to make a declaration.”
Not fast enough. Not clever enough. Standing on the edge of a building and jumping, surviving, but not living. Falling. Lying. Alive, but dead.
Disjointed memories floated through his consciousness. Moments with Sherlock, moments without Sherlock, deserts, and the London streets. There was no rhyme or reason to where his thoughts went and he wondered briefly if that was what it felt like when a person went mad. He didn’t feel like he could trust his own thoughts and reality was fluid at best.
A glance out the window revealed the beginning of that kind of light, barely-there rain that seemed to float rather than fall as it misted the windows of the shop. Some small and melancholy portion of him reveled in the sight of the rain. It complemented the tiny fissures he could feel snaking over his heart and there was poetic justice in that. Sentiment.
“Sherlock, I love you. You and Rosie are the most important people in my life. And, if you’ll have us, I would really love to make our family an official one.”
John couldn’t help returning the smile as a warmth infused his chest and spread down to the tips of his fingers and toes. It felt like acceptance and home. It felt like love. It didn’t matter if they didn’t talk about it in explicit words, no matter what Mrs. Hudson seemed to think. There were different kinds of love. He would accept what he was given. He would love Sherlock as he did and accept whatever quiet, unspoken affection Sherlock would bestow upon him. It was still love, even without the words.
Sherlock pulled away after a minute and John leaned over to open the drawer of the bedside table and pulled out the lube. He quickly opened it, poured some into his palm, and slicked up Sherlock’s cock.
After a moment he pulled back and grabbed Sherlock’s shampoo from its spot in their shower and squeezed some into his palm. He reached up and pushed his fingers through Sherlock’s wet hair. The earthy scent of rosemary and thyme from the expensive shampoo permeated the steamy air while John worked it into a lather. Sherlock closed his eyes while John massaged his fingers through his hair and the taller man practically purred when he scraped his nails against his scalp. His cock gave an interested twitch at the sound, and he huffed out a breath at himself. He carefully led Sherlock back until he could rinse the shampoo from his hair. He grabbed Sherlock’s soap next and his loofah from the bottom of the shower. He scrubbed Sherlock clean, the rich sandalwood scent joining in with the herbal medley from his shampoo, and John couldn’t help the smile that rose to his lips as he breathed in the scent. It was the scent of Sherlock that he caught when the man turned with a dramatic swirl of his coat from a crime scene, when he was lounging on the sofa in a snit over something, or when he was sitting quietly at the kitchen table in front of his microscope and John subtly breathed him in as he passed him to get to the kettle.
“Well I didn’t want to get in the way of anything...happening,” Sherlock explained and John gave a sharp bark of laughter.
At least this time he had finished his hair and so didn’t have to deal with shampoo getting in his eyes. He was just working his loofah -and yes, he had a loofah because he liked the way his soap lathered up on it as opposed to a flannel- down his legs when Sherlock made his appearance.
“I think you covered it all,” Sherlock replied. Of course, he didn’t come anywhere near answering the questions Sherlock really wanted to know the answers to. He rose from his chair and Mr. Campbell stood up as well. “John and I have some research to do and we’ll be in touch with you if we have any further questions,” he said. He thought about saying that he would likely have the entire case solved before the end of tomorrow, but then decided it wasn’t worth mentioning. As he was already an avid reader of John’s blog, he didn’t feel the need to show off. Especially when something much more interesting held his attention.
Outside on the pavement in front of his door, he heard it, and his heart jumped into his throat painfully. The soft strings of violin music floated through the window, somehow heard even over the pollution of noise on the street. He hadn’t thought, hadn’t expected, to ever hear that sound again and felt instantly transported to any number of nights before when Sherlock stood before the window and played.
The deep chuckle that responds to his giggle gently shakes the bed and John suddenly knows that this is exactly where he was supposed to be, and where Sherlock wants to be, and he’s lying in bed after the best orgasm of his life beside his best friend and he doesn’t think he’s ever been happier in his life. His heart is full and his body satiated.
Sherlock stripped out of his clothes, tossing them over a chair by the bed, and slipped into his old blue silk robe. Lavender scented the air and Sherlock walked into the bathroom to see John close the lid of the bath oil that he had just poured into the water. The humidity in the room had already begun to steam up the mirrors. John looked up at him from where he sat on the edge of the tub, his eyes flickering over him thoughtfully. He stood up and gave Sherlock a small smile. He crossed out of the room after giving him a gentle squeeze on his shoulder, giving Sherlock his privacy.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock muttered as his gaze swept over the entrance of their destination. He spotted his quarry standing right outside the door and turned his attention to John. “There was something I noticed…” he started to say, but then they were in front of the restaurant.
“The data indicates that you need me there to keep you alive,” John shot back quickly, dark blue eyes slanted at him.
Sherlock leaned over and pulled the bottle from the dresser beside his bed and handed it to John, then moved his legs to lay down beside him. John moved over him, sitting on his knees between his legs, and tucked a pillow under Sherlock.
“You see him, too, then. I won’t lie, for a moment last night I wasn’t sure if it was just my imagination.”
“Okay. I’ll see you this afternoon, then,” Sherlock said and John gave a quick nod, then turned and hurried down the hallway. When he got to the kitchen he looked over his shoulder.
“Well, my compliments to the chef,” John toasted Sherlock with his second glass of wine as they finished their meal. “Truly, this was fantastic. Thank you.”
John was aware that he might not just be talking about Mrs. Hudson anymore, but he also couldn’t stop.
He saw it out of the corner of his eye and felt his legs come to a stop without his permission. The quiet black car pulled up to him and came to a stop. John breathed hard through his nose, his muscles tensing as he felt waves of aggression and anger crash through him, his hands automatically forming fists at his sides.
She nodded as she pulled out the seat across from him at the table and settled down into it. She apparently was not going to go away as he had hoped. He took up his fork to eat a few more bites while she sipped her tea.
“Yeah, me too,” John said after giving Sherlock a moment to finish what he wanted to say, but the silence had simply stretched out instead.
But he hadn’t said a word to John. He kept Sherlock’s secret, and left John alone, and sold his brother out to his enemy with Sherlock’s consent. John had forgiven Sherlock, but he had no reason or inclination to forgive Mycroft. He doubted Mycroft cared either way.
“Mrs. Moo’s,” Sherlock declared as they made their way down the pavement after finding a place to park, “has the best ice cream in Britain.”
Who would have thought that the catalyst needed to finally make this thing between them bloom into something more would be forcing Sherlock to stay at home for days on end? John felt another giggle bubble up, and it was just impossible to keep them in. He was giddy in a way he hadn’t been in years.
John turned to look at Sherlock, a smile he couldn’t hold back if he wanted to on his face. Fairy lights on the tree and the flames from the fire shifted shadows across the planes of Sherlock’s sharp features and John felt his chest tighten in affection for the man beside him.
“Forgive me, John, for any hurt I may have caused you,” Sherlock said, no trace of irony in his tone as John was instantly thrown back into an underground Tube car with a bomb steadily ticking down to their deaths while Sherlock begged forgiveness on his knees.
Caught in the crossfire. One bullet that was shot without being properly aimed. If it had, it might have hit a better target than his shoulder. Maybe it would have got him in the heart, or a lung, or the head. Sometimes, in the darkest times, he wished that it had. It’s infinitely easier being dead than existing without purpose.
She had coo’d and aww’d over the dog the whole morning, ignoring every comment John made on it being a temporary arrangement while he tried to find either her owners or someone to care for her.
“Has he not told you any of this?” she asked and Sherlock shook his head. She frowned, then leaned forward and gave a kind pat to his knee. “It’s in the past, dear. Now you’re back and he’s happy again. He never really was happy while you were gone.”
The problem, though, was that Joy had decided that since John was no longer giving her attention, she would go to someone who would, and hallucinations weren’t supposed to be able to interact with people’s dogs, and that one was.
The feeling followed him onto the platform and disappeared as he boarded his train, but was back as soon as he made it out of the Underground and onto Baker Street.
He even started to take liberties in what he was cooking. Sometimes, when he was feeling playful, he would add an extra spice that a recipe didn’t call for because he had used it in a different dish and thought the flavor would work well with the new meal. Sometimes that worked, and sometimes it didn’t, but he enjoyed taking the chance on those occasions when they worked out and it wasn’t completely awful when it didn’t because he could always order takeaway.
Yeah, he thought there was something offensive in her comments, but he also wasn’t going to work himself up into an affront about it.
“Sherlock, no. I already told you no, and I’ll tell you again. No, I am not moving in with you,” John said, a hint of fond exasperation in his voice.
“Just something to think about,” Mary said and winked at him when he failed to say anything. Then she turned and walked back to the main office.
“Come on, John, why not?” he asked. He had recently decided to switch to a more direct approach to try to understand why John wouldn’t move in.
“Let’s order some takeaway. Have dinner in. I’ll unpack everything tomorrow,” John said before taking a step back, though he didn’t stop playing with his hair.
John had his preferences, but if tonight was the only night he had, then he was going to make it the best night and shag Sherlock ever had. He wanted to ruin the other man for anyone else.
There was a distinct edge to the headache that lurked behind John’s eyes as he finished with the last of his patients for the day. He had indulged a bit too much after Greg’s unexpected visit and the video message. Sherlock had haunted his dreams the night before, preventing him from getting any rest as his mind kept providing different scenarios in which John failed to protect Sherlock.
He could love Sherlock, and Sherlock could care for him in his way, and it was both enough, but not enough.
“How? Why? What are you doing here?” he asked the man, this stranger who wasn’t a stranger at all, that stood in his kitchen.
“Yeah, I see you found the muddy puddles. Alright, off we go to the bath, then,” he said, continuing to hold her out at arm’s length where she alternately giggled and snorted. He crossed the kitchen and made his way to the staircase and up the stairs to the bath before calling over his shoulder that he’d be back down in a tic.
If he was honest with himself, it went even further back than that. He wasn’t sure if he had ever been this happy before. John’s body was so alive and aware of Sherlock as he stood next to him that he wanted nothing more than to grab and pull him towards him, to kiss the breath they had managed to gain back away, to completely lose himself in this mesmerizing man.
Sherlock’s back arched up off the bed as John’s cock slipped into him and John held back a cry as he felt that tight clench of blissful  heat surround the head of his prick.
“You’re so desperate for me, John. You pull me into you and I want you to be happy. I oblige. I pull back, nearly all the way out, before sliding back into your hot mouth, all the way in, and you’re so good at this, John. You’re so good at taking me in. I want to be gentle because I don’t want to hurt you, but you keep demanding more with your eyes and your hands and your moans. So I move faster, fucking into your mouth because that’s what you want, and I want you to get what you want. You can barely keep your eyes open and on me, you’re so lost in the feel of me, but you do. You keep your eyes open and watch me fuck your mouth, watch me as I get closer, your hands clutching my arse, and then, when I’m so close, one hand reaches back and you press against me, John, and it’s so good, so good, and I can’t hold back as the tip of your finger pushes into me, and I come down your throat. I come so hard I see stars and you swallow around me. You’re so good to me. You swallow and lick me clean and I can barely stand. You push me down into my chair and -”
“I don’t really like to cook,” she whispered to him like some secret she was letting him in on. He nodded in acknowledgment because that seemed like the appropriate thing to do in the situation.
Sherlock recounted all their time together in their flat. That shared living space where they moved around each other with effortless ease. Casual touches, fingers that lingered over the passing of mugs of tea, banal nagging about milk and body parts in the fridge, the blankets placed carefully over sleeping forms when one didn’t make it to their bed. So many domestic moments that filled their lives and he never read into it. There had been no reason to. John wasn’t gay, so all of their interactions had to have been done within the bounds of friendship and nothing more. He was aware, of course,  that their friendship appeared to cross boundaries that ordinary people in their ordinary friendships tended to have, but they were hardly ordinary, were they?
“Florist. Owed me a favor,” Sherlock replied so easily that John felt a giggle bubble up at the familiarity of that statement. Sherlock had always known someone who owed him a favor. Of course, he would know a florist who could get him flowers that no one else could find in December.
“The most dangerous man you’ll ever meet and not our problem at the moment,” he answered decisively.
“You two need to talk with actual words and not whatever strange dance it is you currently communicate through. It’s not enough.”
When they come back to their senses, Sherlock gracefully gets off the bed and goes into the bath. John hears water running, and then Sherlock returns with a warm flannel and carefully cleans John of the sticky mess their lovemaking had left behind. He tosses it on the floor, then crawls back onto the bed beside John.
Luckily, most of his possessions were already packed in boxes and ready to be moved. Unfortunately,  there was simply no way that Sherlock could move all of his books and laboratory equipment, not to mention his clothes and case files and papers he needed for his work, on his own. He considered calling Mycroft to help, or rather have him send some people to help, but quickly shook off the idea. He didn’t need anything from his brother. Instead, he made his way out the door and put out feelers through his Homeless Network. Anyone who helped him move would get 50 quid.
Sherlock watched as John bit his bottom lip, apparently unsure or unwilling to reply to what Mr. Campbell had revealed. Then the doctor looked at him for the first time since he had exited the kitchen. He looked down at his hands as if just remembering the biscuits he still held.
Martha sighed happily to herself as she entered her kitchen and set about her dinner preparations and coming up with all the questions she wanted answers to. Hopefully, they would take advantage of her being down here to start making plans for their special day. She had always known they would make a lovely couple, no matter how much those two darling boys protested their couplehood. She knew, though. The whole time, she knew.
Sherlock frowned up at the ceiling as he laid on the sofa, fingers steepled under his chin. The past 48 hours had been far more interesting than he would have expected when Mike had first walked into the lab with an old friend. At best he had been hoping for a flatmate to merely share rent and space with. To ignore and merely coexist. He had not been expecting a small ex-army doctor with a danger complex to come strolling in. Someone who he could share the Work with. Someone who would want to share in the Work. And he was sure that John was interested in the Work. That was obvious. The sudden disappearance of his limp and need for his cane was proof enough of that.
“Sherlock!” came Molly’s surprised, but pleased voice as he swung the door open and made his way inside the lab adjacent to the morgue. She was in front of a microscope, but she held a coffee cup in her hand and was clearly not actively working at the moment. Must have been on her break.
“Yes,” he replied simply. He stepped closer and John could smell him now. That citrus smell that was him. It settled under the flowers and the evergreens, but it was strong as he stood so close to John. Close enough to reach out and touch a hand to his hand, his arm, his chest, his face. He didn’t, but he could.
He turned his attention back to the telly. Saw that it was indeed bells on the program Mrs. Hudson had turned on.
John breathed out slowly, his arm wrapping tightly around Sherlock, and his hand rested over his heart. Beneath his palm he felt the raised edge of a bullet hole. He closed his eyes and focused on the steady beat of the strong heart instead.
He found the plates after opening several of the wrong cupboards, then set about portioning the food. Cut up vegetables soon joined the wraps, and then he found a knife and sliced an apple up for Rosie. He had just taken a bite of one of the slices, the juice bright and sweet on his tongue, when Sherlock and Rosie rounded back into the kitchen. Rosie was propped up on Sherlock’s hip, his arms comfortable and confident around her small body, and John felt his heart squeeze in a completely familiar fashion after all these years. Familiar and yet still terrifying.
“You’ll have to show me later. I was thinking we could go to the beach after lunch,” he said and Rosie squealed in delight.
John could easily see it. A young Sherlock with dark wild curls, running about the beach, brandishing a wooden cutlass while hunting for his treasures. It was a charming image and he appreciated that Sherlock felt comfortable enough to share that glimpse into his past. Sherlock rarely spoke of any of the time before John entered into his life. His childhood and time as a young adult were as much of a mystery as the man had been when they first met. He’d learned to read Sherlock over the years, at least a bit. Or so he liked to think. But in truth, he was still an enigma that John couldn’t completely understand.
Heavy puffs of breath moved against his head as Sherlock’s breathing slowly returned to normal, but the taller man kept his arms wrapped tightly around him. John delighted in the feel of Sherlock’s heart beating wildly inside his chest as they held each other, their bodies calming together. He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s neck again, then worked up his jaw until he stole his mouth in another kiss.
“Daddy, I want chocolate!” Rosie reminded him for the sixth time in the last 15 minutes and John nodded.
He glanced out the window, his eyes focusing on the Christmas wreath that was hanging from the lamp post closest to his flat. The other lamp posts bore the same decoration, as if the people of London needed the reminder that it was December and Christmas was right around the corner. He didn’t want to be in London for Christmas. There was no reason for him to be there. No family that he wanted to see, or who wanted to see him. No friends to spend the holiday with.
He swallowed it down this time, though. This woman didn’t know them. She had just happened to see and observe them for a moment in time. She had called them a “beautiful family” and John couldn’t deny that they were, in fact, a family. An unconventional one, for sure, but a family nonetheless. One he was proud of. He smiled as he reached out to tuck one of Rosie’s blonde curls behind her ear and out of her ice cream.
The dog seemed to find him trustworthy because he stepped closer to him, and John noticed the way he held his paw.
Sherlock shifted closer on the couch, one hand reaching out to thread his fingers through the hair at the back of John’s head, and gently pulled him closer. John adjusted easily as he leaned in to meet Sherlock’s lips in a kiss. Gentle pressure encouraged mouths to open and the kiss deepened as they sat pressed tightly together.
The kettle clicked and he forced himself up to make the cup of tea that he bothered to come down for, the movements methodical and mindless, and when it was ready he sat back down. Joy shifted her head to rest on his feet and he curled his toes at the warmth that suffused them.
“Go on,” he instructed, and John went back to work. Two stitches went in and John was finished. Efficient and painless. He cleaned up everything, packed his kit back up, then sat still for a moment. Sherlock watched him as he leaned back into the soft red chair he had been perched in.
Sherlock shook his head, turning his attention back to his strawberry ice cream. “Nothing to apologize for.”
Sherlock glanced away from his friend. This was all a calculated risk. He didn’t go running off when there was a chance he could truly get hurt. He knew what he was doing and what he was doing was trying to get John to engage more. He knew it was childish, and perhaps a tad manipulative, but he was hoping if he could make John see how much danger and cases he missed by not living at Baker Street, then maybe he would change his mind.
John sighed. “Look, I’m not going to tell you you can’t experiment in there because it’s your flat, but I would appreciate a clean place to cook and eat.”
It didn’t help that Sherlock Holmes looked like a damn movie star with his porcelain skin, sharp cheekbones, and mocha curls, which just added to the feeling of surreality.
Still, they didn’t exactly make them friends. They had been friendly, when Sherlock was there to bring them together in solidarity against his antics, but his loss had left a gap that was just a bit too wide to bridge without a leap that neither man seemed willing to make yet.
“Yes, of course. Thank you for dinner,” he replied politely. Politely. Just another way John had subtly burrowed into Sherlock’s brain. He didn’t care about being polite, but John did, and Sherlock cared about John. It was a vicious cycle.
Sherlock tried not to laugh outright at her antics, though he found her enthusiasm rather amusing and it took more self-control than he would have expected. This was her first year with a real appreciation for the idea of an imaginary man breaking into her home and leaving presents, and as ridiculous as he personally found it, he couldn’t deny that watching the wonder in her face as she saw the gifts that were now beneath the tree held its own appeal.
“Always,” Sherlock replied without guile. He uncrossed his legs and stood up gracefully, then crossed the room to grab his wallet and keys before he slipped them in his pockets
“Well, I guess there’s time for coffee,” Sherlock says, and John pretends he doesn’t notice the satisfied smile that flashes over his friend’s face as he turns and starts off down the street towards a coffee shop that he is sure he knows of. John shakes his head fondly as he watches after him, then takes a few quick steps to catch up to him, his heart suddenly beating far more wildly than the quick jog to catch up to him warranted.
It was a small dog, some kind of shepherd mix if he had to guess, and rather young, he thought. There was no collar and though John was no veterinarian, he was a doctor. He had already decided that he was going to take care of the dog, at least until he could find its owner or get it somewhere.
He stopped walking, leaning lightly on his cane on the sidewalk outside the Colosseum, and pulled his mobile out of his pocket to check the time. He had just made the decision to start heading towards a small cafe he saw on his walk to the amphitheater when he saw a flash of something dark in his peripheral vision, and then an arm was suddenly draped over his shoulders.
The woman at the register smiled as she priced the books for him and tucked them into a plastic bag.
He felt Sherlock’s eyes on him, but he kept his face turned away, and took another sip of his coffee. When he went to take a bite of his muffin, he did the same crumb evading maneuver Sherlock had a moment before but wasn’t nearly as successful. He brushed awkwardly at his shirt with his hand holding the muffin, but that did nothing except shake more crumbs onto his shirt. He sighed in exasperation, but his breath caught when Sherlock’s hand reached out and gently wiped the mess away, long fingers pressing lightly into his skin through the thin material of his shirt.
Rosie pulled the plastic headband off her head and shoved it onto Sherlock’s head, who grimaced at her enthusiastic styling.
“Smells good,” Sherlock complimented him, meaning it, and felt a flush of pleasure at the blush that rose to John’s cheeks at the compliment.
He held himself in check, though, just letting his mind and body float on the surge of desire and adrenaline. Sherlock had made it quite clear that he wasn’t interested and John needed to stop whatever foolishness his heart was attempting to pull him into. He was shaken from his reverie when there was an insistent knock on the door. John turned towards the door, a mix of grateful and annoyed at the distraction.
“Good. That’s...good. I’m not very good at discussing feelings, John. I know that I love you and so I said the words because they are true and the most efficient way of expressing the sentiment. But it’s so much more than that. I love cases and my experiments and my microscope and tea. I love Mrs. Hudson, and my parents, and even Mycroft. I love Rosie. I love Rosie like she was my own flesh and blood and bone. I would die for any of them,” Sherlock stated, his hands digging into his curls and fluffing them agitatedly as he paced. “But you, John.” He stopped and turned to look at John, eyes bright and intense and John couldn’t look away if he wanted to. “You’re the sun and the moon and all the stars I cannot name. You’re the sea and the wind and the sand. You’re the blood in my veins and the oxygen in my lungs. When I say ‘I love you’ it is because those are the only words I have at my disposal. I would die for you. I would kill for you. But more than all of that, I would live for you, John Watson.”
Why were there constantly people inside his flat without his knowing?! He forced himself to take a calming breath before he walked into his kitchen. Mrs, Hudson was putting some kind of dish into his oven and there was a fresh plate of shortbread on the tabletop.
John never wrapped his arm around Sherlock or splayed a possessive hand on his hip and pulled him close, leaned into him. They didn’t have that before, and they definitely didn’t have it now.
“Why would that have made me uncomfortable?” he asked in genuine confusion. He wasn’t exactly known to be the kind of person who cared what others thought about him. People were idiots. Why would he have cared?
Sherlock had seen that smile. He used to see it all the time before he fell. It was rare for John to smile like that in the year since his return, though. John did smile, he did. They still laughed and giggled at inappropriate times. It wasn’t quite how it was before, but Sherlock felt like they were slowly getting there.
Fresh glasses of wine had been poured for them both, and they picked up their earlier conversation, both easily falling back into the easy flirting and coy smiles.
They lost themselves in the steady sway of their bodies seeking and giving pleasure. Sighs and moans and breathy exclamations and names of lovers on lips filled the room as they focused on nothing except each other. When one of Sherlock’s hands went from John’s waist to his cock, he cried out, and came. White bursts of light brightened behind closed eyes and Sherlock cried out his name as he thrust hard into John before stilling as he came as well, pulsing into John repeatedly. John’s heart thudded hard in his chest as he leaned over to press a messy kiss to Sherlock’s mouth, uncaring of the stickiness between their bodies.
Sherlock had kissed him. Wanted to kiss him. Initiated the kissing. So why had he suddenly seemed to pull back and away from him?
Later that night, when their friends and adopted family had left, and Rosie was fast asleep tucked in her bed, John and Sherlock found themselves sitting on the couch once again as the telly played softly in the background. They were pressed close together, bodies warm under the blanket across their laps, as the lights on their tree twinkled and the flames from the fire danced. John leaned his head on Sherlock’s shoulder as they watched the film, fingers entwined on top of the blanket.
He forced himself to stand and ready the kettle for a cup of tea. He packed up the detritus of his lunch as the water came to a boil. While the tea steeped he tried to think about what he needed to do for the rest of his shift. What patients he had coming in and if there were any supplies he needed to be restocked in his exam room or in his office.
Sherlock had driven them into the small town after dinner. Rosie talked non-stop the entire 20-minute drive about how she wanted to get an ice cream cone, not a cup, and definitely not an ice lolly, but ice cream. Chocolate. And hundreds-and-thousands. Rainbow hundreds-and-thousands. No, chocolate hundreds-and-thousands. No, rainbow, definitely rainbow.
He gently pulled his fingers out and Sherlock whined at the sudden emptiness. John slicked more lube onto his cock as he watched Sherlock’s hole clench around air, just waiting for him to fill him. He looked back up to Sherlock.
But it was real, and he knew it was real, and he kind of wished that maybe it was a dream after all, because the hurt flooding through him was nearly suffocating him.
Joy jumped off the bed, barking madly at the scream, and when John opened the door she rushed down the stairs to defend their landlady. John followed after her at a more sedate pace, knowing what he would find, and thus wasn’t surprised when he came upon the scene taking place in his living room.
Mr. Campbell, or Alexander, or “Alex”, stepped into his peripheral sight closer to John. He spoke quietly to him and Sherlock was unable to make out the words. He was surprised by how close John let Alex get to him without stepping back. Granted, Sherlock himself saw little reason to observe such niceties as personal space, but he knew others did. When Alex laid his hand on John’s shoulder, his thumb gently stroking up and down as he continued to talk, Sherlock felt the unpleasant sensation of his stomach flipping on itself. It was such a simple touch, but this was John, who didn’t do casual touches with anyone. Except for Sherlock, of course. Their daily lives were filled with casual touches of flatmates, friends, coworkers. It was impossible to go through a day without some kind of touch happening between them.
John closed his eyes, unable to look at Sherlock for a moment. He had never thought he would hear those words from him. When he opened his eyes again, Sherlock’s sharp silver gaze was on him. He flicked them up, and John followed, then laughed.
“I had to do that paperwork for Lestrade,” he forced his voice to sound annoyed at having to supply what should be an obvious answer to his question.
Sherlock nodded but said nothing. John noticed the edge of his lips tilted up in the barest suggestion of a smile. He smiled and turned his attention back to the sea and Rosie.
“Never really thought about it. No one has ever asked before,” Sherlock replied, and something twisted in John’s chest at that. The thought that no one had ever cared enough to ask before hurt in an unexpected way.
“Yes, ‘we’. Maybe we can watch that documentary you wanted to watch or pick a movie or something,” John said as he ate more of his soup.
He opened his eyes and was surprised by how the light had changed in the room. Apparently, he had been in his mind palace for hours. The aroma of Chinese takeaway filled the flat and his gaze shifted to the table in front of him where John had left a plate for him. He couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face as he took in the potstickers. Pork, of course.
. John couldn’t help the smile that stretched across his face. It appeared he had found the sheet music John had bought him. It had been an impulse buy as he had been out stocking up on things to keep them busy. It was just a selection of contemporary music adapted for the violin, and he didn’t think that Sherlock would ever actually play any of it, but there he was and John decided it was the best impulse buy he ever made.
Sherlock plucked her from the air mid-jump and pulled her down into the bed between them and into the covers, causing her to squeal in delight, and there was no hope of her going back to sleep.
John turned to look at him, his expression a mix of exasperated and wary. “Why don’t you just ask me what you want to know? Or tell me what you know. You always think you know.”
John wouldn’t ask. Wouldn’t ask what led to Sherlock laid out on the floor, tears streaming and strands of hair ripped out. He would listen when Sherlock was ready, but he would never ask. How could Sherlock say he woke to an empty flat for too many days? No John to talk to. To laugh with. To chase criminals with and tease Lestrade with and eat takeaway with.
