"Indeed." Sherlock looks down in to the foam. About 225 separate bubbles, he surmises, at
“Am I making you feel better, my love?” John eased fingers inside me, something he had done before but now he wasn’t hesitating. It was ownership and the confidence that comes with it. Yes, I could barely whisper, much better. Faster. Harder. The words were on my tongue, not forming as precisely as I wished, but he heard and pushed harder, then moved his mouth down to suck me while the pads of his fingers nudged my prostrate and little puffs of stars were there when I jammed my eyes shut. Fingers and mouth, it was like splashing petrol on a fire and then he stopped very suddenly and rose on his knees, kneeling over me, pushing his cock against my lips. Do me, do me now and as I sucked him I could hear him grunting, feel him turning and burying his face back in me, sucking me and timing it perfectly so that I came just seconds after him.
“The shoe, “ Sherlock says. “You found it?”
Sherlock is dismissive. “We’ll take a taxi. And I’ll put some street clothes on.” The thought fills him with disappointment because it will cover his toes.
Sherlock is livid. "You're being preposterous. I could very likely get you an arrest tonight."
It was that on their first meeting that she had nothing on and that meant he had nothing to go on and that he couldn't help but stare at her everything. She gave him nothing but her soft pearly skin and her sly painted eyes and he could only stare at her with unexpected admiration like any man and it highlighted to him his yearning and loneliness and she saw that immediately so she won, hands down, in the first round and although he was able to out run her eventually and even bow with grace and shower her with mercy in the end game, she won.
We both went quiet. Mycroft continued.
I thought it would help John to have a distraction. In any case, I had some important things I wanted to tell him and thought this would be a good way to do that. “It might be. Listen and find out.”
“Not if a whole lot of them gang up on you, you can’t.”
Formulating the best response was difficult. What I wanted to say is that I would be happy living with John Watson and Albion in a cardboard box in a glue factory in a cold despotic country without heating, but those kinds of desperate declarations are embarrassing.
We’d planned to spend the day buying the plethora of things needed so Albion could enter the fascinating world of food.
Sherlock rolls his eyes as he rises from the chair.  “Yes, thank you for calling. Good luck with your ghost.” He leaves the consultation to John and moves nimbly to the kitchen, where he has underway some half-interesting experiment involving chewing gum and cleaning agents.
“He gets them all the time,” Sherlock says airily. “I thought I might try taxidermy. Are we getting food?”
“Then you’ve got time to find the offender. This is no random place for two drinking buddies. They’ve been here deliberately - to check the money they’ve stolen, maybe add to it or subtract a sum, although I expect they were waiting on a delivery. The man who hit him has walked away – or maybe been called away – and left our subject here to wake up, or get up, if he was still conscious.”
John, still holding Albion, waved awkwardly over the melee.
“Hello Sherlock! Molly tells me you had a baby. Noisy little buggers, aren’t they? Funny I should you see you today. I‘ve just got a postcard from our friend Dr Watson. Would you like to have a look?”
“You’re aware that there are other novels beside Harry Potter.”
He walks John backwards to the couch a couple of feet away, a hand on his shoulder and the other on his waist as if he might get away if he's not monitored.
Albion roared louder. I had read that new born babies miss being in the womb for their first few days so I had wrapped him up very securely and was pacing the floor, holding him very close to my chest while I tried to work out what I could do to recreate the womb for him. The only thing I could think of was the bags that apparently go in the old vacuum cleaner.
“I’m going to whisper it to you so we don’t wake our John. He’s very tired but, unlike you, he understands that if he lays on a soft, gently supported surface and closes his eyes, he’ll fall asleep. You, of course, prefer to cry continuously until you’re exhausted. And that’s fine. You can cry as much as you need to.
As the slow dark minutes ticked by, Sherlock carefully examined each bleak aspect of his loss. By ten thirty he had concluded the worse thing that could happen was that John would leave Baker Street. To prevent this, Sherlock decided he must employ every single thing he could to keep John happy at Baker Street. This meant no interfering of dates, no deducing of dates unless they appeared to pose a serious threat to John’s safety and no criticisms of dates. Also: learn the dates’ names.
Sherlock pulls him down on the bed and kisses him again, deeper, his hands insistent, kneading at John’s back, turned on by the density of the muscles there, aware of the enthusiasm of John’s response, curious and surprised as their erections bump together through their trousers.
“That’s an understatement. You need to get better. We’re all worried about you.”
It is possible they would have lived like this forever - Sherlock trying to nest, John ever-ready to take flight – if  they had not stumbled on a way forward.
We all have our gifts. Mine, I’m happy to say, is the gift of writing, borne out of love for pencils that my Uncle gifted me when I was tiny. He still brings me pencils, and this Christmas just past gave me a Tiffany pencil, tiny and slender and dainty, suspended from a chain that I can wear every day.
“Poor Redbeard,” she says, grief quite clear in her tone. “Poor, poor Redbeard.”
It's nice that he's happy, she assures herself sadly.
I instructed Albion to make a very big fuss of John Watson so the judge wouldn’t hesitate to appoint him as his second parent.
“Sally? Not as pretty as you. But yes, definitely. And driven. Driven and cranky. Two irresistible qualities for any woman.”
“How old is he?”
John shudders with rage. “Well, that’s nice for you.”
“Oh, yes. He liked him enormously. He thought he was brave and smart and unlike anyone he had ever met, and he wanted to be friends with the Woodsman forever. Anyway, the Prince solved the green paint murder and was then chasing a serial killer who tried to poison him, and the Woodsman killed him with a single shot over 100 metres through two windows.”
In all, Albion had six Watson fingertips of plums. It’s possible he might have eaten more if his idiot father had thought to use the baby bowl and spoon he’d bought months before.
“The walls were blue, painted recently.”
"Yes."
Now John knows that Sherlock notices him as keenly as he notices everything else. He loves that Sherlock notices his hair and has catalogued the colour of his eyes.  He wants to be in Sherlock’s gaze and feel more of that admiration.
In the taxi on the way to the warehouse Sherlock is wholly focused on the new crime scene; their only conversation is about the latest development.
The fun is reinvigorated immediately and the children undertake a splendid game. Uncle Rudy watches from a distance, and Cook, at his request, prepares a plate of little sandwiches and orange squash (“For scurvy,” Eurus tells them).
The resident hasn't and he's grateful for the guidance.
“Have you been well?”
"People call those numbers to order drugs."
It even had a pool.
There was some more gaping and then, rather softly, he asked,
First, he wrote a note and left everything he had to his sister. He hasn't seen her since he  returned from Afghanistan. He'd slept on her couch for three nights, she gave him her old phone and told him to stay in touch. They talked briefly, worked hard not to fight with one another. He has no idea where she lived now or anything concerning her personal circumstances, but he did know she would probably welcome the money and that his passing wouldn't cause her much beyond a fleeting inconvenience.
Molly was thrilled to show off her excellent wound catalogue. I was thrilled to learn she had such a catalogue.
“Did she suffer?”
She moved closer. “I need to check the baby isn’t bruised or injured. I need to take him” -
This is why, when he stood at my bathroom door that horrible evening, he knew he hadn’t caught John and me in the middle of some erotic sex game, but instead deduced immediately that John was doctoring, and that Albion and I were his patients.
Mrs Hudson heard the second voice last night, heard the two sets of footsteps on the stairs, the two voices talking all morning. She wonders who Sherlock has up there.
““I bet you didn’t. Are you going to keep him?”
“Twickenham!” Mike says.
Our life together now was much different: promising but wholly unformed. We had Albion, the cold cases, and we talked a lot about things that weren’t emotional. But our days were a little aimless, and it bothered us both.
"I went to  a  boarding school.  They had  to  have  an never  ending schedule  of organised activities to keep everyone out of mischief."
Sherlock looks up. "Do you have a blog? Did your therapist tell you to do that?"
And then she showed me nine different videos of Toby doing precisely nothing in her flat. It was actually very interesting because I deduced Toby realised he was being filmed and didn’t protest, which illustrates clearly that I was still not one hundred per cent recovered because I can’t deduce what cats are thinking. No one can.
After they're gone, John asks about Papa. Sherlock is lying on the couch, texting.
It's everything, it's nothing. He's moved house, got a job - done everything his therapist suggested - and all of these things are making him worse.
We were all quiet as I slipped him under the frame. Albion looked at me, and then watched as John Watson leaned over and gently tapped one of the dangling toys.
The little African Love Bird sits forlornly in the corner of the box and doesn't look up.
"They definitely die at the scene."
It was all lovely. Mary left, there was no baby. John came to Sherlock and simultaneously raged and moaned for almost six solid hours:
“He was an idiot. And the Pacific Ocean is very large.”
Greg – well, maybe not.
“No. He wanted to be a pirate and travel around the world and pillage information from every corner of the globe and solve great mysteries.”
"I'm still there! And Lenny, tell me, did the council ever come and do something about the phone box?"
The morning’s drama had exhausted Albion. He missed his normal feed and went straight to sleep as soon as John and I started talking.
John's glare is unnerving. Sherlock searches his face but it’s blank, not a single message is there. It seems like John is a long way from him, his eyes locked on his face, mouth slightly pulled as he considers something unlikely.
Her eyes fill immediately with tears, but she clutches her hands together, those last ashes of hope still there. “Is she alive?”
“Of course.” I handed him over and watched with great relief as John patted the cries down to a low level whimpering.
John smiles. “Yes.”
Matron makes it easy, "Detective Inspector Lestrade tells me you've placed a lot of therapy cats."
"I love you too," John calls out after him as he follows him down the stairs.
It was a great case. There were blood clots to examine, hair strands to stretch, wounds to probe and catalogue, blades to measure and a mouthful of broken teeth that he might be able to persuade Molly to extract for him.
"You've won nothing, Watson" Sherlock huffs, but John can hear the smile in his voice and the
And finally, in what Sherlock would always count as the highlight of that very important night, “Is there any point in me asking if I can come back to Baker Street?”
For he is safe there.
Oh, John says softly to himself. Oh!
"Your friend? Oh, dear God. You don't have friends, Sherlock."
They had been a couple for a month and one week when John finally started to grasp the full extent of Sherlock's extraordinary gifts.
“Explain the case,” John says politely.
Sherlock is entirely confused and stares harder, waiting to learn what mysterious relationship thing they should do. He has unerring faith that John will instruct him.
It wasn't easy. No one in their right mind would want to live with him but the fact remained that he felt lonely sometimes. Other people had friends. Even deplorable people had friends. Look at Anderson. He was odious. He found a friend, the bristly Sally Donovan, and they were enjoying a very profitable friendship indeed. It can't be that hard.
I know defeat when I see it. “Fine, I’ll fill out your dreary forms. Give them here.”
"Hello Ida," Matron says when they enter her room.
(I kept her name because it is beautiful, and I thought I might have the opportunity to use it down the track. Who knows. I may have a daughter one day.)
"Oh, it's good. It's very good. But much as I like it, you really shouldn't be considering reciprocating while you have those very neat stitches. Especially while they're still fresh."
“No. Some gay men prefer one or the other, some like both, some like neither. But that’s something we can explore next time. I thought tonight we might do some warm-up exercises that work for a top, bottom or versatile gay man.”
“Did you have sex?” She asked this the same way you might ask a person about the unicorn they were riding.
"The front desk and the triage nurse. So I need you to hold onto your heart like this" - and John clutches the left side of his chest - "and tell them you've got pains in your chest. Okay?"
John finds it taped to the milk when he gets home that night:
They discuss the cases while they eat. Many of the files are very old, and belong to a time of carbon paper, hand written notes and much less efficient policing. Sherlock is annoyed by the scant amount of detail, and the inability of the police to conduct proper interviews, all of which is evident in the older files. John agrees, and wonders how the parents coped when their child appeared to have vanished, and why Police rarely undertook a proper investigation.
John Watson’s appreciation of romance seeps into Sherlock like a slow poison. John is a romantic – Sherlock had always said so – but he made no claims for romance in this relationship, nor did he seem to expect any.
Only Mrs Hudson would get to the heart of the matter so innocently. This is why I like her so much.
"I think they're happy the way they are."
He wrinkles his face in an embarrassed apology. "Shona. Sorry. You work in accounts, don't you?"
"I'd rather do it myself, Mummy."
The archive storage facility is a huge grey warehouse filled with kilometres of shelving racks, home to more than six hundred thousand files.
Where are you?
Greg’s face is concerned.
They leave the irresponsible Toby swinging on the curtains and in the car John suggests that Molly should invest in a sort of cat entertainment centre.
He expected John to laugh but his mouth grew tighter and his eyes more sour.
John, who inherited his gun from a fellow soldier who hanged himself, is not getting any better. He arrives home on Thursday night to find a hastily scrawled note taped to his door.
He limps over to his desk and sits down at his laptop, connects his phone and pastes the picture of the bird onto a blank document. After some deliberation he writes
“Oh! Is there a real Angelo?” Caroline asked.
(There had been plates many years ago, a full dinner service of creamy flat Wedgwood plates with broad lips of gold trim. Sherlock, aged 14, had broken all of them in one go after an especially intense episode of inconsequential sibling torment with Mycroft found him cornered in the kitchen and quite likely to pummelled to a bloody pulp. The plates had been stacked on the counter behind him and, one by one, Sherlock smashed them in front of him. "It's a force field," he snarled at his brother. "You can't get through it."
On hearing this Rhonda stopped in her tracks, turned her sour face and stared at John with rigid concentration. It was endearing for a few seconds, and Charlie said, "Oh look! She likes you!" and then it was a little unnerving and when more than a minute passed it was outright weird.
John Watson was murderous in his rage, walking around to address the offender face to face.
So while his best friend tossed and turned upstairs, Sherlock showered, washed his hair in Redken Soft, coated his hair with conditioner until the comb slipped effortlessly through the wet curls, soaped and rinsed his body twice, dried his skin vigorously with a rough linen towel, slipped into clean navy underpants, stared at himself with slight revulsion in his bedroom mirror, buttoned a sharp black suit over a crisp buttercup coloured shirt and tied neat bows on his shiny black shoes.
“Albion, come and sit with Uncle Mycroft so your fetid father can have a shower.”
“Oh, Sherlock, forgive me. That was unspeakably callous. I had no right to say that.”
“But you’re not gay.”
John treats this as a doctor-patient consultation. Get the symptoms first. “A child was in the room?”
For he is a juxtaposition.
Adrienne signed her name slowly in surprisingly neat, even letters. Mycroft hovered over her.
John looked up when I walked in and Anya, obviously a brilliant military tactician, took her chance and flopped his arm flat against the table.
“I will,” I said very loudly. “I want to hold him.”
Fourth, he wanted to be a considerate suicide and not leave any mess - physical or otherwise - for anyone to clean up. That means packing up his room.
“Is he French?”
My son looks like me – dark hair, blue eyes, knobbly knees - but is not so like me in temperament. He’s gentle, has an adorable lisp, natural kindness, and reminds both Mycroft and I of his grandfather, who he adores.
That pleased Mycroft enormously. I knew it would.
Fiona? Sherlock flicked through the files in the admin office of his mind palace, the room where he kept temporary facts that he could delete quickly if they were untouched after eight weeks.
John has to get to the nursery to collect Rosie, so he doesn’t start on his files until the next day. When he arrives at 221b the next morning, he finds Sherlock already up, showered and suited, and knee deep in files.
"Oh.” Billy has to think about that for a few seconds before he realises Sherlock is more quaint that he thought. “Oh! Well, it's always the ones you least expect. I figured you were quite the bedwarmer but now I think about it, you're not the one for flirting and groping."
John, horribly self conscious of his leg that jammed shut and will no longer bend without a scatter gun spray of agony, suddenly can't face walking past people who appear as a kind of audience, gawking from the front row as he struggles on a cane. He turns left and walks the long way around to the tube.
“You really are insatiable,” Sherlock tells him in a voice filled with admiration.
"No, definitely not." Sherlock is quite brusque. "I don't need to meet anyone right now."
"Are we having a weird-off competition?"
“How do you know Colony of Cats?”
“He was snippy too, more so than usual. He’s up to something.”
"It might have been to someone who diagnosed you properly. In fact I might as well do it now." John is a little taken aback but Sherlock proceeds regardless.
Albion was already bored with my parents. He didn’t even bother opening his eyes when I opened the door.
"No. You wouldn't have. I'm the only one in the world. Tho where were you going tonight?"
“Ah, Sherlock,” he said very softly as we started to rock our bodies  gently against one another. I slipped off his shirt, he tugged at my trousers, I slipped my hand down his pants to the perfect gluteus muscles and the secret warmth at the crease, he spread his fingers over my balls and I thought the weight of my heart would crack my chest.
"Okay, provided you're comfortable with it," John says. "What is the going rate for spying on
“You know Sherlock, I always thought you’d make a wonderful father.”
Sherlock stares at him with unwavering, blinking intensity.
When they get home, John goes straight to the stove to get the kettle going and tries once more to learn about Sherlock’s pain. “Will you see this Ademar again?”
Victor seemed to warm up, and as they waited at the busy road, he suddenly broke free from his father’s hold and ran across the road, but he couldn’t run nearly as fast as he thought he could, and he was hit by a car.
I explained the Adrienne situation to the best of my knowledge. “Lestrade will be tracking her down as I speak. He thinks I stole him.”
The man
John interrupts quickly.
“Happily ever after is lots of other things. I tell you about it some day. When you’re awake.”
“How do you know they’ll visit?”
It was very tense for a few seconds as we waited to see just how accomplished Albion was.
John turns left.
"So what's he doing with anyone at all? Has anyone told Watkins or whatever his name is what Holmes is actually like?"
His eyelashes are the colour of unpolished amber.
“Everything you’re doing now. Look after your son. Keep the flat clean. And when they turn up, don’t try to lord it over them. They have a job to do. Just tell them what they ask.”
“It’s much better like this,” I assured him. “Think about the times when you’ll have to lay under a truck for four hours in the cold to watch for a possible fraud suspect to emerge from a warehouse. You’ll be glad that we had tummy time then.”
“Yes. It really does. I actually thought that I could never  - you know, I didn’t want any more children after I had to let her go, but this is fantastic.”
Sherlock looks at him like he's asked for his kidney. He slips a pair of latex gloves over his hands as they walk to the dark cold room where the latest young person has died.
The lights in John’s eyes dimmed. “He’s alive. He doesn’t know how lucky he is. I don’t know. I think he turned informant so he could stay with the children.”
"You know why he comes to these kinds of crime scenes?"
“Hmmm.”
Unfortunately they were pointless thoughts because Sherlock did none of these things.
"What? Isn't it good?"
"So what do you see?"
“Because I don’t know it. And I don’t want to wait around until I find someone I find tolerable who might teach me because the likelihood is I never will.”
"I don't know. I doubt he'd care. They're living together so I'd imagine WatSON knows exactly what his like."
Jenny’s telling the truth. She wakes up from the same dream every night. It takes a few moments for her heart to attain resting rate when she wakes, and  when it does, she looks to the clock at the side of her bed with miserable resignation. It is 2.57am, the same time it is every time this recurring nightmare wakes her.
Apparently John Watson walked to the volcano there the day before. I longed to be at the heaving smoke-belching stoma with him.
“How long have I loved you?”
He found himself blurred in the middle, not neglected so much as unnoticeable.
Sometimes it clogs with cold weather and
“No.”
“You’re rapidly trying my patience, Sherlock,” he said with barely contained loathing.
John worried about him all day. He tried calling three times, sent an email and seven texts. He was used to this now, Sherlock’s inability to cope with the strangest, most insignificant things that usually reflected some aspect of perceived inadequacy, but had not yet worked out how to correctly deal with it.
“I was hopeful it was going to work because I couldn’t think of any thing else.”
He watched for a few seconds and started again.
John sighs. Looks like the night's over.
“Did Mary feel right?” Sherlock asks and immediately wished he hadn’t.
“He’s fine.” John said over and over.
In any case, Mrs Hudson is most dear to me. I wanted Albion to know her as soon as possible.
“I’ll think about it.”
Sherlock is staring hard at a mirror, watching the tailor adjust the length of his trousers. “I just can’t believe you’ve managed to keep something hidden from me. You’re a good deal more Machiavellian than I suspected, John Watson. ”
The victim had been murdered in his dingy flat in Archway. The suspects and victim had been playing cards, there’d been an altercation and one of the suspects had slashed the victim’s throat. There were copious amounts of blood and some disarray of the furniture.
John Watson smiled. And that was that.
Mother and daughter sit in the dark, and the tiny buzz of the machine illuminates the room.
Meanwhile the stranger is flicking his eyes over John and filing everything.
For on his toes he has small wiry hairs.
He carefully opened the bedroom door and stood hesitating in the dark, wondering if the mound there really was his flatmate.
“You have a degree in Chemistry?”
Albion calmed down very quickly when we stepped into the warm water. John had squirted that water with some of the lavender baby bath fluid that we used.
Our doctor was needlessly apologetic. “Sorry, didn’t mean to steal him away but he was starting to grizzle, and needed a change, I hope you don’t mind, but I thought I could get him ready for breakfast” –
“Not yet.” And as an afterthought, I added, “Almost,” and smiled nicely. Neither lady smiled back.
I was immensely proud.
“Sherlock’s an old friend of mine,” Billy explains. “I saw him a few months ago and told him he had straight boy pain. Now I hear he got it cured.”
All the while, he wonders if he and John might have been friends if they met at university. Sherlock decides no: he considers his young self to have been unripe, not quite grown into what his gifts had promised of him while John, on the other hand, would have been a hopeful, excitable kind of young man. It’s unlikely they would have been ready for one another.
I froze. This could be awful, but Adrienne was a little more cluey than I thought.
“My God, he looks like you,” Lestrade said, as if it were some kind of a miracle. “Did I tell you his mother is in New York?”
"So," John says after a while, "You do this kind of thing all the time? Solve crimes like this?"
“Sherlock, you’ve just told me about plans to check a site for a body. I have to inform the Homicide and the Cold Case squads, and they are going to want to be present. “
John holds his gaze for a second and smiles. “I know. I just – I just don’t know how these parents could go on.”
“There’s more. I was hearing this, quite clearly, so I got up, had a glass of water and thought that maybe someone outside had the music on their car or something.”
As it turned out, I got my first case the following week.
Albion’s quiet, thoughtful, inordinately fond of toy cars, story books, custard and animals and endlessly patient with his baby sister, who has just in the last couple weeks started to call him Abeen.
“Would you like a cup of tea?” John asked in his nicest doctor voice.
It was hard to read because the light was poor. I asked my conductor of light to see if he could find the power box and illuminate the crime scene for us.
Luminous
Sherlock, silent until now, disagrees. “I think she was probably dead when she was went into the cellar, and in fact that’s why she was hidden there. “
“I don’t know. It will be a surprise visit.”
“Four days and twenty three hours.”
Rhonda has taken to sleeping on John's feet when he goes to bed. She's made him and his monumental sadness her project. She spends her day sitting by the wall, listening to the tiny sounds on the other side and thinking she might be able to catch that mouse for him again, and when that fails she brings him home a small coloured parrot that she found in a back yard a few doors down the road.
On cue, my exceptionally clever son started roaring at me for not providing a decent meal service.
"I'd like to dress your wound, if you're okay with that."
“I’m in something. I don’t know what.”
“Are you in the same year at school?”
"Good. I don't want you too either. Not that you could. We'll just make up things to tell him."
And then followed it very quickly with my real feelings, which I thought warranted capital letters.
“It’s actually quite smart,” Sherlock answers. “Any sighting of a child wearing two shoes could be discounted. A child wearing one should would stand out.”
For his smile can be wicked.
"How did your phone even get under the fridge?" Lestrade wonders.
“My mother said the same thing. You’re right. He is endlessly absorbing. And now that he actually talks back – well, when I say talk – you know what I mean. But yes. He interests me continuously.”
I like to think he liked the sound of my voice,  so I would tell him stories or talk to him non-stop about things I thought would be helpful to him as well as interesting.  I would hold him when I told these stories, which was pleasant for him because it was warm and comfortable, and pleasant for me because he was as light as a cloud and I could watch all the different expressions he could make.
Chapter 20.5
He walked through the possibilities up in his mind but wiped them one by one as he assessed their faults.
John grins.
Ludwig was a man of second bests. He came second to the dux of his high school in their final year, he was his mother’s second favourite child, he was the second most popular psychiatrist in Zurich. Psychiatry is not his first love – he longed to practice as a surgeon – but fell into psychiatry when, as a student,  he followed a lovely young woman from subject to subject. He found himself sitting next to her in an undergraduate unit of psychiatry, and came second in that course overall.
Sherlock is looking very smart in a clean teal shirt and a navy Kilgour suit. He is standing in
“So? Am I romantic?”
“Doctor Watson, I presume.” Billy sniggers as he is escorted through the door.
Mariah has been missing for forty two years. The one clue, according to the file, was never released to the public, in the hope that it might  help solve the child’s disappearance.
“While I was lying there, I started hearing a little girl singing.”
“I’ll change him,” our doctor said.
For he smiles at me.
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson was beaming.
John won’t be wasting time and flexes his fingers. “So … am I allowed to hold your hand?”
It all falls on John like heavy boxes and he’s unable to reason his way out if it all. They continue the journey in silence.
Suddenly there were noises everywhere. I know now it was police coming to arrest her but at the time, still half asleep and crazed by love, I thought it was the army. She raised her gun and this time aimed for my heart.  I stepped back and fell against John who was roaring at her and she faltered for a split second, lost her aim and missed my abdominal aorta by millimetres.
“Wow,” she said. “You did it.”
"No, well, I don't think he is," Lestrade answers.
Then he remembered that nothing was ever going to happen to him again and this grey limping ghost was all that was left.
Legally, all three could be responsible, if there was enough evidence to prove it was an enterprise – that is, that all three had set out with the intention of killing the victim. Enterprise is a very difficult thing to prove. What was needed in order to prepare a brief of evidence was proof that one person was responsible for the murder, and on that basis appropriate charges could be laid against the others.
At this early stage John is yet to grasp the enormity of Sherlock Holmes. "It's a bit overwhelming. You see a lot."
Sherlock texted him.
And as an afterthought he texts
Sherlock stands up quickly, but keeps his gaze on the wall.
Such a prospect is enchanting to Sherlock here on his living room floor, entirely naked with another naked man, eating lukewarm pizza. "Human head in the fridge. I win."
“You wouldn’t like me any more if I started behaving appropriately.”
“I can’t tell if he likes it or hates it,” I complained to John, who was laying Albion over his shoulder and preparing for some heavy duty patting and pacing.
Amarita, five foot four in her stockings and dainty like a dancer, pats both her tall sons on their shoulders. "Sherlock, don't be beastly. Do come and have dinner with me, both of you."
A few seconds later the film finishes, and flaps around the old projector.
"Afghanithtan or Iraq?"
John spends the night wondering why he proposed marriage again. The first time was a disaster. He tries to imagine every thing that could go wrong in this marriage and foresees years of crimes, fear, danger, violent criminals, odd smells from unidentified chemicals, poetry taped to the front door, genetically modified rabbits, more criminals, fires, lots of laughter, hot sweaty sex, more danger and endless cups of tea.
The second is Robert Best’s death certificate, dated April 1984.
For he can boil water for tea.
My John suffers low pressure systems
He slips down on the floor and Sherlock starts at his throat, gently nurses his nipples, nips sharply at his tight navel and looks up only when John steadies him with both hands.
For he shaves daily.
This Julia, the right Julia, is now a patient in the North London Hospice in Finchley. Mycroft has attached a couple of NHS claims for the patient, enough for John to deduce that she now has emphysema and is in the final stages of her life.
They don’t even make it to the bed. John is intense, holding Sherlock against the sofa as he does the thing they love, pushing his lips close to his ear to whisper, I want to be all colours for you. All colours, all the time.
Greg does this, and then comes back to see the little girl. Her skin is dark and leathery, clinging to bones but her hair is still in tact, powdery and dark, combed into dry bunches that are tied with coloured wool. Greg remembers those hair ties.
Sherlock nods. “I know how badly the jump affected you and if you want me to keep saying sorry I will, but I jumped so you could keep your life. And you had your life and you did the things live people do - had a respectable job, got married, albeit to a most undeserving wench but that’s not what we’re here to discuss. What I’m trying to say – badly – is that I want you to keep having a life. I want to be a part of it. Barts is part of our life, and it was part of your life before I met you. I understand that you can’t reciprocate my feelings, but don’t let the whole wretched thing we lived through keep poisoning you.”
"I did, for a while."
Meanwhile Uncle Rudy pilfers a couple of items from Sherlock’s room, and calls for Mycroft, who is obedient as always and in any case, has finished the biscuits.
Sherlock waited. It was lovely for a few sweet weeks.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees in between bushels of chips. “It’s nice to be out of the rain.”
Sherlock has thought about this carefully. "I wouldn't take less than two hundred pounds a week."
Likes experiments
He taps the lion more emphatically.
“What’s it about?”
“Do you want to hold him or will I?”
“Ave Maria.”
"Oh, you," she laughs. "Here, give me the hanger."
“Why?”
While Caroline leaves no stone unturned as she describes the intricate plot of Game of Thrones, John does some calculations of his own. He can’t work out where he went wrong. He has no idea as to how he might attract Sherlock and thought that if he could provoke him sufficiently, emotional contact might ensue from a confrontation. John could then assess if Sherlock really did love him as much he started to suspect he might. If they could have an argument about his dates and then make up, John could admit his feelings.
John Watson leaned over to kiss Albion’s neck.
John looks at him with intensity. Clothed, good. Not ruffled. Good.
"Or you could get your throat slashed and I'll have to give evidence at an inquest and I'm too busy. Give me the phone."
On my way to see Ademar
“I’m going to be a bad boyfriend.”
By which time Adrienne, and the 80 000 pounds, and my cigarette lighter, were gone.
Sherlock is profoundly bored with all of this. He has already deduced that the gun is immaterial. He looks around the kitchen, notices the Arabia dinner service on the shelf, files away the pattern for future reference, notes that the family had chicken wings and fried rice for dinner last night, watches John handling the fake gun and files away his beautiful facial expressions for future reference, looks at the youth worker’s handbag then promptly deletes it and finally, when there is nothing left to interest him, turns to Jeremy and talks over Inspector Lestrade.
So I used to walk to the edge of the grounds – as far as I was allowed – and play to the air, which I trusted to take the music directly to John, where ever he was.
When Albion was nine weeks old, he came with some important news.
“Well, I should have this case closed by the end of the day,” Greg says with a slightly blocked nose.
Lestrade nods. "Sherlock?"
I should point out that I said that in between peals of laughter. We were both panting at the end.
"You could observe and give me your opinions. It would be helpful. Police crime scene specialists are appalling. I've always wanted an assistant. An army doctor who's used to gore would be a very helpful addition. Besides, I like the company. It's helpful to think out loud."
John has slept in his room a total of three times. These days he curls up in Sherlock's bed who, if he is actually in bed, likes to monitor his breathing, scour his skin with his magnifying glass or they devour one another until their mouths and bodies ache.
The blood tests had confirmed that we were irrefutably (to 0.0001% probability) father and son so Mycroft had started dropping in every morning to get a head start on annoying Albion for the rest of his life.
The next day Mycroft came back with some company. Albion had just finished brunch; we standing at the window while I told him about Baker Street and explaining where the nearest tube stations were when I saw the black car pull over and the door open slowly. First came the umbrella, closely followed by Mycroft, and then came my mother and then my father.
"Yes, yes, I'm fine."
“Well, maybe when his Lordship here is older.” I looked down to see Albion tasting the knuckles on his right hand. He’d been listening intently to John and me and was obviously reflecting on how lucky he was to have nice neighbours.
“Detective Inspector. Lovely to see you. Mrs Hudson, thank you again for assisting guests’ passage to my rooms. Mycroft, your country needs you. Anya, have a lovely walk. Albion, I adore you. Behave yourself on your walk, don’t swear at policemen and be prepared to tell me everything you see in the park when you return. John, you won this morning’s eyeballing contest. Now. Lestrade. Tell me why you’re here.”
She turned and gave me her gorgeous smile. “Oh, Sherlock. That is simply beautiful. Such a lovely, manly name.”
“Oh, all the time. But she only shot me once, and she never shot John. Not that she would have tried, because he’s a great shot too and in any case if she’d hurt a hair on his head I would have pursued her to the bounds of hell. And she knew that.”
On the fourth day I got a call from Mycroft.
“Yes. And it was here that the Prince started to do the things he always wanted to do.”
“Oo oo,” he said again. He wasn’t confident he could do this.
They don’t know it, but those little puddings, and the small dog she meets at Mrs Best’s place a few days earlier, and walking down the stairs by herself, stay to form her earliest memories.
“And where am I going to put a nanny?”
Lestrade is impressed. "Wondered why you always look so well dressed. But look, I need you to have a look at this."
(It probably wasn’t real holy water. It definitely didn’t sizzle when it hit my skin. In case you were wondering.)
John eyed me suspiciously.” I didn’t send these to you.”
“Well, we know Mrs Best didn’t. We know that Police didn’t. No one was around to have seen the shoe. There is only one way she could have known.”
For he has square hands.
“I have to go for a walk,” Sherlock says after several seconds.
crumpling before the morphine came.
We are, despite my indignant protestations, not dissimilar to every other young family in London. We juggle out family with our jobs. The chaos of lost socks and breakfast and sibling spats is soothed only by John’s common sense and Anya’s unerring service as a splendid nanny. John and I still take cases; he still works at the hospital three days a week, and we both work hard to ensure that our weekends are our time with each other and with our children.
I held Albion closer. “Does she want to see him?”
“So is he like you?” she asked eventually.
John unwrapped a recently laundered nappy. “Lestrade wasn’t joking. The nappies do match the wallpaper. Where do you even – oh, never mind. Of course you have nappies that would help your baby camouflage against the wall if necessary.” He buried his head back in that soft pink belly. “And he’s not laughing at us. You’re laughing with us, aren’t you? Here,” he said to me, “Have another go. Blowing raspberries on babies is a wonderful workout.”
“Yes. A bit not good?”
“What if  you might be prevented from seeing Rosie, or if you missed her so badly, you’d rather stay in a loveless marriage than be separated from her? How might your new partner react?”
I only saw her during the day; I have no idea what she did outside seven hours she spent with us. That said, I note that she grew quite chummy with Mrs Hudson, and often heard peals of laughter wafting up from Mrs Hudson’s flat in the evening. Their shared hilarity was curious. I wondered what entertained them, because Anya and I were not able to make each other laugh.
“Oh, I know, I know, it’s horrible having some stranger poke at you, isn’t it darling? I won’t be long.” John Watson spoke to my wailing baby with infinite tenderness. “Here, we’ll get your dad to hold you while I check your legs.”
sharp scissors.
“Yeah, there was. I’m sorry about that. Both times.”
Presently a wad of notes is dropped on his stomach.
Sherlock catches a quick glimpse of the Sig; his data gathering is complete and ready for harvesting.
Sherlock is impressed. "The law's a blunt instrument."
The Head of Therapy and Michelle are both looking at John, waiting for a response. He feels like he's receiving them in faint waves. "I think Rhonda will fit in perfectly," is the best he can come up with.
John Watson was tucked up in bed. The dedicated doctor had worked an eleven hour shift that day, I explained to Albion, and needed to sleep.
A few minutes later I got this reply:
Sherlock is awake, propped up in bed reading Peter Ackroyd’s biography of London.
“Same classes?”
And then a strange thing happened.
John walked from the kitchen. His face was unreadable.
“Who are they?”
“Witness protection. Dull. What about Mary? Is she being tried here?”
It apparently became too much and Albion started roaring at me for making him sit through all this sentiment. “Ooooh!” said my mother, “Someone’s got a wet nappy!” My father leaned back and folded his arms as my wailing son was promptly handed back to me.
I wasn’t sure whether to lie or to tell the awful truth. My brother looked away, which was his way of saying “you’re on your own, Sherlock.”
He looks around the room. What am I doing here? "Great, thanks."
That delighted me and I laughed with him. “Me too!”
“May I hold him?”
“Not one.”
“They didn’t interview the neighbours?” Sherlock is disgusted.
"Well, I think you'll both be very happy to see how Rhonda has settled in."
Stretched out in Mycroft’s guest room, Sherlock retreats to his mind palace and walks through all the cities he’s travelled by himself, through all the lonely long nights he’s had and all the effort he spent resigning to a life he expected to live alone through circumstance, not choice.
Sherlock knows better than most people just how many things need to be organised in order to have a successful wedding, which is why he whinges to Mycroft to find someone to do it for him.
Afterwards they lay close and hold each other’s eyes in a lazy, satisfied gaze. John strokes Sherlock’s face, fingers halting occasionally to admire the planes of his cheek bones or the smooth thick arch of his eyebrows and presently falls asleep, his hand loose at Sherlock’s chin.
"There was no purse." Lestrade says.
"I don't know. Forget all that. You know, I think I have some kind of shot concussion. Just forget it." Lestrade calls after him but Sherlock's gone, yelling over his shoulder that he'll call tomorrow, making his way to John before Mycroft breaks him.
"Might I? Why?"
John and I are not men to whom frank and honest discussion about our feelings comes easily. In almost every instance, we’d much prefer not to discuss them at all. But that morning, we were closer and more settled, which was lucky because our biggest hurdle was waiting for us at 8 am.
So I try to provide as wide range of experiences as I can: I have two different kinds of scented baby wash, I let him sleep on my bed, on my chest, on the floor on pillows and blankets, I talk to him about different things in different tones of voice so that his brain absorbs and stores as much varied information as possible.
He's just about to leave when he checks his pockets and realises he hasn't got Lestrade's warrant card.
His one-note eyes looked a little sad. “No mate, I haven’t. Sorry.”
This was the kiss we had been waiting for. It was very warm, and very soft, and with it came the overwhelming realisation that this was it. This was him, in my arms, with nothing at all to come between us. There was nothing we didn’t know about each other. It felt like we had watched each other across a highway of never ending traffic for five years and now all the traffic had gone and we could reach other effortlessly.
“So what are you suggesting?” Papa asks.
“Is that your cat?” John asks. At the window there is a ginger cat, sitting elegantly and watching the conversation.
How did you know about the phone box?"
“Right,” he tells John. “I’ve got all I need. There was one of those over-lit truck stopping food places on the motorway. Will that do?”
“So you bought me up here to tell me that you love me?” John checks again.
“He smiled,” I told Mrs Hudson weakly, but she didn’t believe me.
“You’re just making this shit up,” John smiles at him.
Sherlock waits for half an hour before he text Ademar Silver. It transpires that Ademar’s friend Penny the beautician is visiting but he invites Sherlock over anyway. Penny the beautician is lots of fun. She gives Sherlock a free pedicure and offers to thread his eyebrows. He takes the pedicure, because he always wondered what they might be like, but passes on the eyebrow shaping.
For he fitted new locks.
John slaps down his book. "Give me the tweezers."
For he cares for his fellow man and woman.
Sherlock does as John does, slipping his shirt off, unfastening his trousers, leaving his socks and shoes where they fall. Once he looks, he’s unable to tear his eyes away from John thighs and belly, the predictable bulge and coarse sprigs of hair. He gets a quick glimpse of the cloud of moisture spreading on the fabric of his pants before they’re peeled off, the beautiful flushed cock completely erect. John stands before him, watching the appraisal.
“What should I do?”
“What did you call it?”
Apricots, toast, crackling, milk in
"Any where interesting?"
But the thing I enjoyed most was sending music to John. Mycroft had very kindly delivered my violin after I had been incarcerated for a month and was reported to be progressing.
Okay. Will keep looking.
"I got shot. I'm okay now, though."
I read the card four times, going over every pen stroke for any sign that he was coming home. However, it is John’s great gift (one of his great gifts) that he can say virtually nothing while making you think he has fully appraised you of a situation. All I knew is that he was planning on flying to Madagascar soon.
The trip to Putney in the morning traffic takes a little over 60 minutes. They include the two bouts of congested traffic in their calculations, agree that they could not even guess the route Julia might have taken that morning, and with only minor arguments, decide it would have taken her about 35 minutes.
"I've never heard of a consulting detective."
Sherlock bristles briefly, regains his composure. “At least two hours, depending on whether I can get Molly to rush the nylon fibres through for me.”
John Watson prohibited me taking my spreadsheet on our shopping expedition, but this caused no grief on my part. I had a copy on my phone.
The earnest face, the almost childish anticipation for approval cracks the surface of John's heart.
“Social Services,” I said brightly. I wasn’t worried anymore.
Instead I was put in the care of a rather sweet doctor called Eddie. He was married, had two children (both of whom were active participants in competitive sports at their rather small public schools), brought his own lunch to work every day, spoke Italian quite fluently, enjoyed easy listening rock on his iPod, drove a four wheel drive and despite being qualified to practice medicine, specialised in mental health care because he was squeamish at the sight of blood.
It's boring celebrating alone.
"Which is actually a long time to be bleeding heavily."
Chapter 20.75.
John travels by tube and takes the last ten minutes of his journey by foot. When he arrives at the hospital he finds Sherlock, who had read all the messages on John's phone weeks ago, already waiting for him with a nurse in the main foyer.
"Aren't you going to wear one?" John wonders.
And apples are too small.
The stranger gathers all the blood he can in his mouth and swallows heavily.
"Hello. Is Sherlock home?" asked the older woman.
I didn’t remember her name when I first saw her. In fact I remembered very little about her aside from the fact she offered to unpick my stitches with her nail file.
John Watson watched the Holmes men with some interest. “Never took you for a person much interest in babies,” he said to Mycroft.
Best of all, St Bart’s fades as a reminder of unhappy tmes, and instead becomes their own private landmark in a matter of weeks. It's where they met, it's were they declared their love. When they pass it, or when they visit for work, one will always say, care to dance? And the other will smile, squeeze a hand or lay loving fingers on the other’s back and whisper, I don’t mind, don’t mind if I do.
Sally stomps off to menace one of the clerks.
It did.
has a blast mark on his
Mr Stinky jumped a little. He wasn’t expecting that. He regained his composure quickly and I strained my eyes to see John standing behind him. I was certain he wasn’t armed and my stupid brain started provided images of the many times I’d seen John draw his pistol.
A large male squirrel with no fear of tourists or locals comes bolting down the path towards them, stopping a few feet shy and watching them carefully.
John, eating porridge in the kitchen, felt a delicious burst of possession in his chest.
In the mid afternoon he falls on to the couch to sulk properly but just as he closes his eyes, a ball of words bursts in his head like a poppy bud and thus John Watson becomes the topic of a second poem.
John kisses the pad of his big toe. “I think besotted is more accurate.”
Just before the teams run out, Ryan turns around and says quietly, “These are great seats.”
He started with the story of Jennifer Bannister who couldn’t sleep, and the gift of attention my father gave her when she first visited.
“It’s better when you like the person, isn’t it? It feels different.”
“And coffee,” says Lestrade, as he reads over his notes.
It’s marvelous, just like John would do for him. Before Sherlock can structure his fantasy his pelvis is pushing outwards, his eyes jammed shut when he feels his balls being cupped and very lightly rolled while Ademar sucks him with perfect rhythm.
Jeremy shakes his head briefly. “I gave it to my friend Tom.”
Sherlock, who has found the session very beneficial so far, is co-operative.
They never talk about their relationship per se. There isn't much to say, says Sherlock. It's all fine, says John.
“Thank God for the voice of reason via Doctor Watson.“ Mycroft literally glowed with pleasure.
“Definitely not. I outrank her, and she knows it. As soon as she acknowledges my seniority, we can talk. Until then, I’ll continue to stare her down.”
While I’ve built my career on careful examination and assessment of all available evidence at a crime scene, and brag whenever possible that I am the world’s only consulting detective, it must be said that Mycroft is by far more talented and skilled at deductions than I.
It was marvelous. I was so proud of him, not only liking the food but also recognizing the importance of trying something new. I lifted him high above my head and bought him in for a big kiss. “My majestic little piglet! Eating human food like a grown up!”
The doctor wastes no time unfolding sterile packs of gauze, laying out the driving and suture needle, tipping a pool of iodine into a small plastic dish. The wound is a perfect split and won't need to be trimmed. John dances his fingertips gently along the edge of the trauma and feels tiny specks of gravel at its open seams. He squirts it with a large syringe of saline four times.
“Mr Albion will need a high chair,” Anya advised when she started work.  “You may choose to buy prepared baby foods in jars but I can make him some more nutritious foodstuffs here in your kitchen.”
Sherlock pulls back. “So if I’m not available will you have sex with other people?”
Emotions in the group are mixed. Mike speaks to his son quietly– ignore them, just ignore them – while Molly stares with great distaste. Lestrade wants to pull them into line but knows what a fine line he walks in addressing three unaccompanied children. John wants to smack the three of them around the head and make them do one hundred push ups each.
"So … exactly what kind of work would you like to pursue?"
It was just a bird, John says to himself as he walks home. Stop this. Stop this. It was just a bird. It couldn't have survived outside the cage. It's perfectly all right.
They woke in the morning to Rosie calling to her dada from the side of the bed, and announcing with great pride that she had made it down the stairs by herself.
We had our Mycroft -free breakfast together. Albion, who had been largely disinterested in his bottle, sat on my lap, holding his head up like a pro as he watched John eating cereal and stewed plums.
He left without another word.
Despite his sincerity, Ademar Silver’s groundwork was soon superseded by John’s varied experience and Sherlock’s gift for lateral thinking. It took them only a few nights to conclude that Sherlock was a bossy bottom, although they happily switched roles whenever the mood struck because, as John said, change should always be anticipated in healthy relationships.
“Anything else?”
“Maybe he was crying because he hated sharing a room with us,” John suggested.
John Watson’s worst jumper was still folded in my wardrobe.
a rabbit, a tree, a convoy of trucks.
“Tell me about that time.” Ademar smiles encouragement as he draws his strong legs under him.
“Did you ever work with MI6?”
“I never hesitated,” I told Her Honour. “I loved him immediately and had every intention to be the best possible father from the moment I met him.”
Sherlock, poor soul, was crushed with misery. He had waited so long to get to this lovely stage in their relationship where there was nothing – no international consulting criminals, no faux deaths, no blonde assassins – to stand in the way of what he hoped would be the lovely relationship he and John were meant to have. He loved John; he had no doubt about that now. John loved him, or at least that was what Sherlock deduced when he sat down one rainy night, not long after John was married, and set about distilling every single thing he and John had ever said to one another.
The council man, when he arrives, is harassed and impatient. He takes Sherlock, John and Greg through the old building, and John refers to the plan to get some idea as to how the building may have been laid out in 1975.
John admires Sherlock’s adroitness in eating an egg and sending a text at the same time. “There, I’ve just sent Mycroft’s emails to Lestrade.  I think we should talk to the mother. “ He turns to Rosie, who is licking some brown sugar off her spoon. “Should we go to the seaside,  Watson?”
Mycroft had a little more insight to the relationship but not even he was able to discern the exact nature of it.
That night, to Sherlock’s surprise, he finds himself a little more adventurous with John, who in turn is a little more expressive than usual. The indicators are tiny – more grasping, more involved kisses – but possibly, Sherlock surmises, related to the poem.
And there was him.
The good lady wiped her hands on her apron.
Mummy’s voice becomes a little dreamy. “You know, I knew you were a girl before you were born,” she says. “I was so excited!”
Sherlock is sitting on the steps of an ambulance with a mango-coloured blanket draped over his shoulders. Lestrade is standing at his feet, smirking a little.
Personally I couldn’t see what all the fuss about but Lestrade was growing more distressed. He wanted to call social services.
Its the same every night. She runs through an old dilapidated building, all the while searching for a child who is singing somewhere. She can hear them, but she never finds them.
"Pretty straightforward, all things considered. To be honest Billy, I've found the coming back to life thing much harder."
Albion then noticed the judge for the first time and leaned over to see if he could reach her hair. She tapped his hand with her index finger.
“No. Won’t Lestrade let you help with the robbery?”
My bowels turned to scalding water. Albion squeaked again and then I remembered – John. I didn’t know where John was. A thousand images flashed through my brain – John with a depressed cranial fracture, slowly bleeding to death, John with a smashed up face, drowning in his own blood. My arms wound around Albion more tightly.
Sherlock is unerringly polite. “I’m not sure I understand.”
“Will it help?”
"It's good to be a free man, Mrs Fenelly. Good bye now."
It also meant I could resume my work on the cold files. It took a bit of practice, not to jump up when the crying started. It was also very hard to hear him settle down when Anya fed him.  That someone else could soothe him made sharp little spikes of yearning form in my chest.
He puts the box in the staff tearoom at St Barts. Molly writes TOXIC DO NOT OPEN THIS BOX UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE on the lid in audible green ink.
Ademar calls from the kitchen. “Please. Take a seat.”
Tummy time is best undertaken on the floor, and I’d laid a yellow blanket and some towels in front of the couch. I reasoned that Albion should be seeing more colours on the spectrum wheel now and that yellow would be a nice contrast to the more subdued colours of the flat, and that he might be interested longer if I had some different texture cloths to lay on.
And he has a list:
"I'm asking hypothetically."
“Cold cases are almost impossible to close,” Greg tells him, “so to make the figures look like good, I’m going to have to close more live cases.”
(John foolishly forgot about the pelican and the following morning, admittedly in a haze of love sodden sex exhaustion, nearly jumped through the roof when he idly reached in the fridge and found a cold, rubbery bill where the milk should have been. But that’s obviously a story for another time.)
“That doesn’t preclude you feeling like it now.”
“I haven’t discussed with anyone,” Sherlock answers. “I wasn’t sure I had one until recently.”
Because no one makes any attempt to take the box from him, John crouches down in front of the cage and opens the box.
He's just about to start worrying about the bird when a text comes through on his phone:
Rudy sighs heavily and paces the room, hands clasped tightly behind his back.  “Brother mine, she is a disaster waiting to happen. Based on her drawings, Ludwig describes the likelihood of her killing a child as when, not if. He says he’s surprised she hasn’t already at least attempted it. You can thank Mycroft for his supervision these last few weeks, because I’d wager he is the sole reason that she hasn’t.”
Sherlock thought about it long and hard, day after day on the couch, his hands pressed together, his eyes closed.
Mycroft is pinching dumplings with chopsticks. "I'll gladly help you."
John is stretching a curl and watching as it winds back in on itself. “It was about one of the first computers. The mathematician who operated it programmed it to write poetry for the woman he loved. In the end the machine fell in love with the woman too and when it learnt that it couldn’t marry her, it spewed out enough poems for the mathematician to give her every anniversary for five hundred years, and then it committed suicide.”
It was irritating but not critical. When Sherlock got home at 2am he had solved the case and felt only slight annoyance that John hadn’t been there to see that.
(It didn’t occur to me that the hospital staff thought we were both irresponsible drug addicts until Social Services came to check up on me a couple months later.)
Sherlock would never admit it, but he was actually looking forward to the Rugby, mostly because he could watch John in an environment he had never seen him, but also because there would be hot chips, which were for Sherlock, who had eaten a surprising variety of hot greasy food all over the world, the greatest form of nourishment available to mankind.
John, who used to think he would retire from the army aged fifty and come home to set up his own practice in suburban London, is about to start moving into Sherlock's radar.
It disappears into a plisse scarf
“It gets better. Shut up. Anyway, the Chemist got a transfer to Aberdeen and the Prince kept having these private, tortuous crushes on totally unsuitable men, all the time thinking he was so rubbish at having relationships because he had no heart and because he wasn’t as smart as his brother. Then he met a man called Val who turned out to be a recreational heroin user and he got the Prince interested in chemical stimulation. Which was a good thing, because the Prince got to meet a lot of people and had some friends for a while, but a bad thing because the Prince decided he liked being high better than anything.”
That is no effort for Sherlock. He is always thinking about John in one way or another. He shuts down all the other active files in his head and puts John, cheerful and wearing a striped t-shirt, at the centre of his thoughts.
I threw up on and off for twelve hours. In the end I was just making the noises because there was not a scrape of anything in my stomach to bring up. Even my bile duct had got bored with the constant upheaval and stopped producing anything to be expelled. I was vomiting air.
“So,” Mycroft said as he helped Rosie off with her coat. “Why isn’t the accountant sleeping?”
“How would the story end, if there was another baby, do you think?”
“Ask.”
John’s jaw is set hard and he grinds his teeth when Ademar suggests this.
“I thought I might home school him.”
“Have you heard from John?” I asked her as she was leaving.
Lestrade looks at John, down at Sherlock and back at John. He has no idea what's going on.
And there it goes, all the lovely things that hurt so badly.
“No. They lived in the early nineteenth century.”
The party has just stepped outside when the homicide teams arrive. The council man is frightened of dogs and says he will wait inside.
“Do you want me to take him?”
A frail worn leather hiding
“No doubt.”
While we get busy growing old
What kind of bird is John Watson?
“I thought I might ask Lestrade for a case in a couple of weeks. Something short to start, and only during the day.”
We were making the treacherous slippery exit from the shower and reaching for towels.
I’m rather partial to a good sulk myself. I anticipate that if Albion is prone to stamping, door-slamming sulks, they will be exactly like mine.
“Have we not established that? Of course I like you. I like you enormously.”
During the course of the labour I learnt that Adrienne was twenty two, and that her last name was Portelli. At least that’s what she told them. I would find out months later that no person of that name at that age lives in Great Britain.
“She will likely know where the father is, if I can’t find any record of him. Ex-wives frequently know where their ex-husband is, even if they hate them. She will also have some view as to whether he had any possible involvement.”
"No. My parents never came near the place."
“Blood tests for what?”
Amarita has already lost interest.
“Oh!” John was very interested. “Another one?”
John sniffs slightly. “Well, we’re off to hear the London Symphony Orchestra, and then to that new place in Soho for some dancing.”
He languishes in the caresses as Sherlock measures the length of his back and touches each tiny mark there.
Detective Inspector Lestrade came to visit me too. He bought me two eccles cakes in a pink bag, which was an old joke between us. Lestrade is sweetly sentimental like that.
The men move out of the way and look at each other with half smirks that dissipate very quickly when the phone slides out in seconds.
almost
That was very important. Victims of knife trauma almost always have defensive wounds unless they are attacked from behind – or someone holds their hands while they are attacked.
It's nearly 7 o'clock: meal time for the staff. John waits and watches the triage nurse and as soon as he sees him packing up moves towards his office. He slips in, around to the corridor where they wheeled Sherlock away. There are a couple of treating rooms to the side and in one - bingo - John sees two white coats are hanging on a hook. He picks one up nimbly as he passes, slipping it on as he walks so when he walks into the ward no one gives him a second glance.
John considers arguing, but something deep inside reminds me how awful it is to be on the outside. He smiles gently, nodding a little as if he might agree, but all the time thinking how hard it must be for her amongst all these men, how hard to be taken seriously and get the career breaks, to do twice the work for half the reward.
John ignores him.
“Is that your thing now?” Lestrade wondered when he made an early morning call with an interesting case. (Sherlock agreed to investigate the unusual death that local police charged as dangerous driving, but that Lestrade suspected was vehicular homicide.)
“He’s mine.”
Greg’s ears pricked up. “Anything I should know about?”
They’re talking about ghosts. Greg is accompanying John and Sherlock to the Scotland Yard Archive depository in Barnes. John explained Jenny’s story as he drives the rented vehicle.
It takes John a moment to understand how a dead pelican got in the flat in the last few hours. “Ah. So they weren’t bricks.”
“Worked a treat,” John answered. “Feels exactly the same as a gun muzzle, provided you can’t see it.”
She points to a low cabinet near the television, and Lestrade, the only person not holding a leg or toddler, goes over to retrieve it. The little dog goes with him, still growling.
“But not for you,” Sherlock deduces.
"HE TAKES THEM WITH HIM WHEN HE KILLS THEM."
“Now you’ve upset the baby,” John said, pleased.
“Thank you, John. I’ll stand. What happened?”
“Well, eat something.”
Until now I was certain these happy days were a reward for those periods of misery, but as Mycroft would say, the universe is rarely so lazy.
“You said family.”
John doesn’t realise exactly where they are headed until the elevator reaches the top floor and Sherlock heads towards the fire exit.
Asleep, when he is there but somehow isn’t,
“He didn’t say. But this is just to look at the containers.”
“Oh, of course, the baby.”
It hardly mattered, because Julia died in her sleep four days after Mariah was found. She never knew that the child had been recovered.
My doctor, he repeats to himself with a small smile as he touches the soft dressing on his face. Physician. Surgeon. Healer. Medico. Shaman. Soldier. Possible conductor of light. John is lots of things.
“Fancy this,” John says after a while.
When he’s calmed himself he sits up and John sets back, on his knees now so Sherlock can taste him. He makes slow deliberate sips along the shaft, rubbing his lips over the glans and dabbing the syrupy slit with the tip of his tongue. John’s hands are all over him. Fuck, Sherlock, he pants, oh fuck, stop, stop, stop now. Sherlock leans back and watches as John presses tightly with thumb and forefinger just below the tip of his own cock, face strained as he suppresses his orgasm.
There was not one thing in my flat that was of any purpose to a new baby.
"And most importantly, there's no noise."
They were changed men.
“Sherlock!”
The Doctor and I were fizzing with enthusiasm. “We need to see knife patterns,” John declared and he was right. We rushed down to St Barts to use Molly’s extensive and very precise database.
“Has Lestrade found her?”
"Under the fridge." He waggles his fingers until Lestrade hands it over, still not looking up. He flicks to the photo of the most recent deceased at the front of the file, looks at the arm and punches a number into the phone, then waits with the phone pressed to his ear.
(“You’ve upset the baby” become a running joke for us, and was privately celebrated by me because we had never had a running joke before. This one was especially good because we got to use it in a dozen different contexts every day, because it seemed Albion was upset by just about anything.)
with the crusts on. A pie trimmed with a
On the other side of the cab, Sherlock notices the electricity in the air has increased again.
So almost a year after they met, John is sitting on the floor reading Catch 22, which he is enjoying enormously, leaning back against Sherlock, who is armed with a pair of sharp tweezers (stolen especially for him from the supply cupboard by John as a surprise) and extracting hairs from John's left arm one by one.
I loved listening to his tiny breaths in the dark and I loved his little cry at three in the morning. Those early morning feeds were magic, just the two of us alone in a dark world. Sometimes I wished we could stay like that forever.
“It must be a nightmare bringing anything home here,” Lestrade said.
Sherlock turns to Mycroft with a sardonic mouth. "He likes me best."
"You silly boy. But here, you'll have to change your shirt. Those tiles are a bit grimy, aren't they?" She looks as pristine as ever but both Sherlock and Lestrade do indeed have thin grey smears on their shirt.
Eurus smiles proudly at both. It’s the first time, the first real time, she has been able to play with Sherlock and Victor, and it is splendid. She wants it to last forever. “Should we make Mycroft walk the plank again?”
Sherlock is silent, folded up on the couch, face turned away from John.
Mrs Hudson comes to door with Inspector Lestrade.  She looks at John and Sherlock and smiles. Does she know? They both think she does.  She looks carefully, from Sherlock, to John, and to Sherlock again, and smiles as she leaves.
Sherlock waits for the little tug. 58 minutes. His doctor could well make this.
Everything happened in seconds but to Sherlock it was all in slow motion – the violent squeal of breaks, the helpless sound of dragging tires, Victor thrown high in the air, and the dreadful, final thud as he landed five metres or more down the road. Sherlock was frozen, watching Victor’s father rush to the broken little body, hearing a jangle of calls and crying. He was still standing in the same place when Mycroft, summoned by phone by the local chemist, arrived and led him home.
Breathe, Sherlock tells himself, breathe and be calm but he's forgotten that hot salty pleasure and he gasps in surprise as his cock slips in to the silky wetness of John's mouth. He crushes his eyes closed because if he watches he'll lose it completely. It's been so long since he’s had this and he wants it to last all night but John's too clever, too experienced and Sherlock comes with hard
"Euclidean." And then he shuffled back to his study.
“You see, but you don’t observe,” he smirked. “I used to have a pet cat.”
“Didn’t he have any friends?”
For he offers his body to me at whim.
I didn’t even look up at that, just sighed pointedly and waited for him to continue.
Definitely estranged, John decides.
Greg Lestrade, who had planned his police career from the age of six, is tired of arguing with Sherlock. They have just found the dead girl's mobile. Lestrade wants to bag the phone because it's evidence, Sherlock wants to make a call from it because it may bring him face-to-face with an entirely unpredictable drug-addled psychopath who splices throats with broken bottles.
John laughed. “I’m not trying to embarrass you. I just want to be sure that you’re okay with me staying, and that you’re happy.”
John looked relieved. Albion, who was starting to display the precision timing demonstrated by circus acrobats, started crying, possibly because I wasn’t allowed to mess with the paint.
It's deep and consistent and comforting.
John is silent. Sherlock can sense he's a little embarrassed so he tries a different approach. "I told you'd be an asset at a crime scene."
“Then I wank in the shower and wait for you to want sex again. Why do you need the measurement of my ear and why can’t you use a ruler to get it?”
"I'll take you. Did you bring your colleague?"
John doesn't have to think. "When you pick pocketed me while I was stitching your face, the first night I met you."
It wasn’t what I meant to say at all.
“Victims of armed robberies are very susceptible to PTSD,” John notes rightly. “It’s extremely distressing to be threatened with a gun.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “Not London squirrels you can’t. That’s why you need me.”
“Oh, there you are, Sherlock! A big parcel came for you!”
"The number! Tattooed on his arm! It's a mobile number only..." and he waits.
“I’ve been through 42, “ he tells John.  “Good morning, Watson!”
"There's no guarantee you're going to get one now, either. But it will be tea. How do you take
“One,” said Molly sternly. “You can have one.”
“It doesn’t matter. A child disappears, they should do everything to find them. In some of these older cases, police didn’t interview anyone for a week. They searched drains and parks, but didn’t actually talk to someone who may have helped find the child. Meanwhile someone else was busy perhaps disposing of a body and destroying any associated evidence.”
"Come with me. There won't be an inquest if everyone sees me get my throat slashed. In any case, Doctor Watson could verify your version of events. If I call him now, and can find out where he is, you could come with some other police men and arrest him."
Sherlock fixes his gaze to the second boy and speaks with sarcastic sweetness. “Oh good, a supervising adult. Now we can see if you’re as emotionally damaged as your friend”.
“He’s not three months old,” I stammered. “He doesn’t play yet.”
"Oh, dear God, no," John says when he opens his bedroom door and sees Rhonda waiting patiently on his bed with the mouse hanging limply in her mouth.
John slapped me lightly on the left buttock, which was beginning to become a little habit. “Go have a shower and we’ll talk.”
"Maybe when we retire. We can get a cat then."
It is fruitless. There is nothing, just the tedium of an ugly building in between purposes. The homicide detectives stand and talk, the dog sits at their feet, Greg and Sherlock start to concede quietly that this was all in vain, and John – well, John circles the pagoda.
“In case. Yes.” Eurus looks closely at her mother’s face and gently touches her skin with her small fingers. She can read so much, and loves every thing she can see. “Can we watch the film again?”
He smiled! He had no teeth and his hair wouldn’t sit down no matter how much I smoothed it and he smelt funny and it was still the most glorious thing I could have imagined.
He's immensely fortunate that the first person who does see it regards it with great curiosity and endless affection.
“Definitely.” He lifted the drowsy baby onto his shoulder to pat the wind out of him. “I’m going to paint the upstairs room too, if that’s okay with you.”
Social Services left empty handed.
Lestrade knows. “You mean those things that have different levels and scratching posts and hidey holes and things.”
"It's tattooed on back-to-front!"
That sounded like something a despotic ministry of food would say to brainwash its citizens. Where did Mycroft find this odd woman? I suspected Anya had met Mycroft through an intelligence network and asked her quite casually one day when she was feeding Albion.
Mycroft waited until we were both completely confused and stepped in with all the relevant information. “Adrienne is preparing to act as a surrogate for another couple, a British couple who are currently living in New York.”
Charlotte moves the negotiations forward.
Bed sheets never fit.
“And you were present at the birth?”
“He must have been lonely,” John said with a kind, sad voice.
And forget to tell you
He still has no idea where he will sit down for the last time but at the moment he thinking about St Barts, where he trained all those years ago. It depends, John decides, on whether they still have that dark quiet area near the rear car park.
“We might take you for a walk so you’ve got an appetite for dinner,” John suggested.  And get some milk while we’re out.”
“Shouldn’t this be witnessed?”
Sherlock smiled smugly. “Yes, it is definitely my thing.”
“Maybe once. A couple of times.” Sherlock settles back and they smile together. “Regularly.”
“Oh, I’d love to, but I really can’t. Best wishes to you both.” And to Albion, who just wasn’t quick enough to grab Mycroft’s hair, “Goodbye my sweet. Enjoy your new legal status.”
For I love his quiet face when he straightens my collar.
“Aren’t you a little curious?”
Mycroft intervened before things got out of hand. “John will be the Albion’s other father, yes.”
Anya had joined us for a cup of tea in our kitchen on a Friday afternoon. John Watson was explaining to her (for the sixth time) that her rank in the East German army thirty years ago was on par with a British Lance Corporal.
Ademar gently loosens the trousers and runs his hands over Sherlock’s expensive navy blue briefs. He can feel his patient is responding very quickly, his penis thickening under the touch and the legs shifting to facilitate access.
“The Woodsman was catatonic,” said John.
The stranger grunts and looks very closely at John's face. It's as if, John would think later, he was cataloguing me.
“Meanwhile, I’m going to tell you a fascinating story about some cats. They lived in a large group in an old house, sharing all their food and assets. This is called a collective, which is different to that trio of pigs I’ve told you about, who only lived in the same house so they could share the rent.
She has cried all her tears for Mariah, but her eyes still fill anyway.
The father of the boys splutters. “My son is not a bully!”
Albion’s wardrobe at this stage was made of lounge wear and casual day clothes. Amongst the latter I’d assembled the John Watson Collection, which included a number of striped t-shirts and some dark stretchy leggings that referenced Dr Watson’s choice in trousers.
and is reminded that all
We sat outside in the main courtyard. It is splendid to be visited by Mrs Hudson – she is interested in lots of things and is never dull. I told her about the hospital, mostly; she was particularly keen to know why everyone was there. Sadly we were all there because we were addicts, self harming addicts, mentally deranged addicts (I think that was me, but could never get that confirmed), dangerous addicts or serving out part of a Court agreement (that was definitely me).  To make up for my general understanding of my fellow patients’ misdemeanors, I told her who was having an affair with whom (there were about eight affairs going on between patients while I was there; I can’t be certain of the exact number because I deleted it when I was discharged) and I was also able to tell her about the bathrooms, which had been modified to stop us hanging ourselves or hiding any kind of substances.
“What’s the point of the parental order if John can adopt later?”
Sherlock is looking out the window of Pret-A-Mange in Piccadilly, drinking mediocre cappuccino from a cardboard cup. The foamy milk leaves an irritating fatty film on his lips which no amount of licking seems to remove.
It was clear and very cold. We were both wrapped up in coats and scarves.
It warranted further investigation.
"Are you going to yelp every time I pluck a hair?"
The case was a robbery-murder, wherein the owner of a very small jewellery store near Lewisham had been punched very hard and fractured her skull when she fell. A few rings and brooches – sparkly, semi precious things that could be sold easily in a pub – had been stolen.
"Are you angry at thomeone?"
"Oh, look at you two playing snakes. My nephews used to love that game!"
Most people his age are either married with children, divorced with custody issues or well into their second relationship and managing a blended family. Thus the people John has met so far are all young, confused, immature, bitter and twisted or older but living alone for a very good reason.
“Just close your eyes, lean back, relax, and think about John.”
For he can grease a pan.
"Neither can you, imbecile," Mycroft, sweating with rage, snarled back.
“Everything, Sherlock. I’m sick of my life, I’m sick of the clinic, I’m sick of criminals, I’m sick of people. I’m sick of all the other things I can’t remember that I’m sick of too, so don’t think that because I left I something out, I’m not sick of it. I am and I’m leaving.”
“What kind of things do you do together?” our Doctor asked. He seemed to be asking for himself and I was thrilled to be able to fill him in.
For he takes tea with our Hudders.
“He doesn’t need you to make that noise for him,” I told John. “He can do that very adequately himself.”
I read each one so many times I lost count, and I never lose count of anything. No one has ever told me they loved me 108 times, in writing. (Or compared me to a penguin. The two things are now are indelibly linked for me.)
“He sounds delicious,” Ademar said.
I only went so I could leer at John in his disintegrating t-shirt.
“How long?” John asks with a stern, gravelly voice.
“Oddly enough, it’s Mary.”
Hugging John Watson was different. He hugs very well. I didn’t want it to stop. He smells like fresh things you find outdoors, and his scent intensifies around his hairline and, I was certain, under his shirt, when I could raise the necessary nerve to open it.
John shrugged. We were both lying on our sides, heads propped up on our hands. Albion was still sleeping on the rug between us. It seemed John and I re-establishing our close ties bored him.
John sipped his tea with a small, sly smile. He was not going to badgered by me this morning. I changed tack.
"Really?"
But I was never able to adequately explain to Eddie why I loved John Watson because at that time I didn’t know. To be fair, I’d only worked out that I loved him in the last few months. I’d never had feelings like that for anyone, so actually defining or quantifying them seemed a bit premature.
“I’m going to call the police,” the father growls.
When they get home the flat is dark and they don't speak, just push into each other's arms without a word and kiss deeply. Sherlock steps back, raises his eyebrows slightly and John nods with the smallest smile, follows Sherlock to his room and they leave their clothes in small heaps around the floor. Sherlock sits on the edge of his unmade bed, his lips parted and his breath already shallow while John runs his fingers along the small pleats that form on his lean belly. Then John kneels over him, so Sherlock inches back and they kiss like that, John on his lap, Sherlock's arms wound around him, pulling him in as close, both still scented with sandalwood and amber.
“Was he born here?”
Only the mother, Corinne Best,  was aware of the shoe and as far as they could tell, the father was never advised. The investigating police interviewed three people – her mother, her father and his girl friend – all of whom were in their twenties at the time. That would make them in their late sixties now – if they’re alive. The last police communication in the file was in 2001, with the mother.
“Oh! Sorry Sherlock, I didn’t know you had people … actually, what is this? Am I interrupting something? Oh! John! Hello!”
Still, to be together, even damaged as they were, was satisfying.
To say Adrienne’s condition had improved was a gross understatement.
Adrienne seemed to have no interest in him at all.
In any case, I  was weighing him every eight hours and knew he had already gained forty two grams so obviously I was doing something right.
"I don't want to talk about it."
“Just – let’s just get it over with.”
The eccles cakes were good. I ate one that night in bed while I timed the space between the snores of my next door neighbour, and at the other one the next  night when the oil had rendered the bag transparent.
“Straight boy pain, isn’t it?”
John grimaces. “No,” he groans, “No kid ever wants to know about their parents’ sex life. If she asks how we got together, we’ll just tell her we kissed for the first time under a beautiful tree in the Kew gardens.”
“Rare venison with a side order of cauliflower au gratin?
Albion started to quieten a little, so I deduced he was interested in culling boars.
Nothing will ever happen to me.
It’s too painful to consider, so they both change the subject and talk about the food.
I was starting to think that if I wanted to restore our friendship to its former glory,  I would simply have to schedule in a period for physical assault every time we met.
“Who gave you straight boy pain?”
Then he was on us immediately, his hand over Albion’s head and kissing his crown, his other on my shoulder. “It’s alright. It’s all over. We’re going now. Everything is all right. Are you okay? Sherlock? Okay?”
And now John is taking whatshername in her floury perfume and sale rack dress to their place.
undermines public confidence and that means the Government would have to undertake some huge inquiries, implement new projects and throw money at a problem that can be just as easily concealed in the first place."
"What do you think?"
“It’s not a murder.”
Every day the game is re-invented, and every day Sherlock and Eurus become closer. Victor, a lonely, nervous little boy, blooms in their company. He’s grieving privately for soon, Victor will be sent away to London to go to school, a prim, second tier boarding school where generations of his ginger family have studied. He doesn’t want to go.
“I met a girl the last time I was in the crack house. We shared our stash. I apparently impregnated her. She turned up a couple of days ago, gave birth and stole eighty thousand pounds and my cigarette lighter. She left my baby here.”
She flashed me her rare, very straight wide smile. “You brother instructed me that, if you were to be asking that question, I was to tell you to mind your own business.”
The little girl balances neatly on her mother’s lap and sits up straight. “It is beneficial for the spine to sit like this always,” Eurus tells her.
“Hullo Ryan!” John says with great cheer. “I didn’t know you were coming.”
“A computer.”
"So? What murderer wants to make a noise?"
Mycroft lifted his arms slightly to present Albion to me. “You can’t afford to break a limb or get shot anymore. Not when this young man is relying on you to feed him at two in the morning.”
We fell quiet again, thinking about Mycroft, until John chased him out of the room.
It was late in the afternoon when he remembered that John wasn’t with him. John loved cracked teeth, or least Sherlock thought he did. He should be here to see this one.
Sherlock has not had a case for three days. If there is no case, and nothing to do, he operates on the brink of fizzing madness wherein getting dressed is the least of his worries.
“Detective Inspector. Please forgive my brother for his bohemian approach to civil regulations. I have here written agreement from the Councillor involved with the development application, and he will meet you on the site at 9.45am.”
"Okay. I'll go see Reynolds."
For he cannot lie.
I was amazed to see him notice something. Now we have wallpaper time every day.
We then took a taxi down near St Paul’s, and sat on a bench near the Thames to eat them.
Victor and Sherlock can’t get there quickly enough. Another pirate with a sailor and a real boat!
“What?” says Sherlock.
“I see you’ve met Annette!” John is wearing a dark suit and Sherlock can see the tiny soft ridges in his fair hair where the comb has been. Once again he smells of the Serge Luten cologne and Sherlock fancies that the rich scent shimmers in the low light of the flat.
“Indeed. Dr Watson, if I may say so, I miss your blog enormously. Will you start it again?”
Everyone went quiet, except the Woodsman.
"I knew you'd come."
Albion was lolling on John’s shoulder, trying to stay awake so he could learn about the new nursery.
There's not much - a few books, a few shirts, a few pairs of socks, a few jumpers, some papers, a couple of postcards he wrote to his sister in Afghanistan but never sent , a framed copy of his degree, his discharge papers.
“Why are you here?” Sherlock asks, feeling as if he is being watched by both the woman and her breasts.
Jeremy’s mother nervously let the small party into her handsome house. He’s a good boy, she told them over and over. I’m sure there’s been a mistake.
“Now, Mr Holmes, have you had much experience with babies?”
“So now you only have to read 145,” he tells John. He turns to Greg. “Incidentally,  Detective Inspector, you may wish to speak with the Uncle in this matter if he’s still alive, and” – he hands Greg the second file - “This child was clearly abducted by another patron in the shoe store. There’s three interviewed in the file. Maybe you should track them down.”
He misunderstood. I didn’t mean the wound, because obviously that hurt. I meant John. John – that is, his complete absence, hurt. There was no time to argue though because I needed to throw up.
The following week, Mike Stamford called to offer John the job. He had, Mike insisted, been the most experienced candidate and his alma mater was keen to have John instructing a new generation of doctors.
“Yes?”
“Hullo Sherlock. Oh, hullo John! Thanks for the postcard! Glad you came home – everyone should have a long holiday. You must be keen to get back to work. I need someone to supervise fourth years in trauma. Do you want to apply for a job here?
Albion chose that moment to remind me that I am an idiot who can’t provide him with a quiet sleeping environment.
Better to face it head on, so I wrapped Albion up in his best bunny rug (it is covered in actual bunny prints – Peter Rabbit, to be exact) (I have a weakness for brass buttons), tried to smooth down his hair and took him down stairs to meet his landlady.
I attempted to remonstrate but he raised his strong square hand and turned his wincing face slightly to the left, as if he had just been offered poison. “I don’t want to hear that from you. I can’t hear it. I’m going to walk around the world. I hope you get better.”
Sherlock listens carefully. "Are any of the Alzheimer patients distressed by a cat?"
John laughs. “I think it is. Let’s frot. Do you want to do the honours?”
Matron walks them back to the foyer. "I trust you're happy with Rhonda's placement here?"
There was a time, when I first returned to London after faking my death for two years, that John Watson couldn’t see me without punching me. (Did I deserve to punched? In retrospect, yes. I should have taken him with me when I died. Or at least sent him a letter.)
I couldn’t deny it. In any case Albion was growing furious so I had to pick him up.
breakfast dishes in the sink.
The owner died before help arrived.
This time he finds Sherlock in a blue hospital gown trussed up in a series of complicated leads
For he makes me the man I hoped to be.
“Rather long, wasn’t it? What, has it upset you?” He leaps up, hands extended.  “Did I say something wrong?”
"Amongst other things. They have conversations too. It's her job."
John said nothing.
I could see the similarities immediately. “This is nearly identical to the coded notes I saw earlier today. The grammar is inconsistent, which means more than one person is leaving these instructions.”
Neither John nor I wore any costumes or yelled when we made love that night. I sat up and he straddled my lap so we could kiss in the dark, which is one of my favorite things because I have to deduce his reaction by how he feels in my arms. Better still, I have no idea what he might do next.
Jeremy doesn’t look up.
I have to keep that in perspective: he forgave his wife for lying about her name, shooting me the first time, her past, mostly everything, but can’t hear me telling him that I love him.
John sighs. When he dresses in his wedding suit he tucks the poem in the inside pocket, where it rests against his heart.
I was smelling his hair, and cataloguing the feeling of the roots against my lips and nose. (Finer than a dog, more coarse than a Himalayan goat.)
“I keep you,” John growls back. “You’re mine. No one comes near you again.”
And in case I am dazzled
Sherlock, meanwhile, desperate for a case, takes refuge on the Internet where he reads an article on a true crime website and finds an anomaly no one has considered. He then spends hours tangled in a myriad of hostile conversations with Mike Stamford, Detective Inspector Lestrade and the long suffering Mycroft.
Red rimmed eyes, heavy bags under his eyes. Not sleeping. Depressed. Weeping. Skin is slack, so not eating much either. Clothes are clean and cared for, so he's working, living somewhere with a laundry. There's cat hair on his trousers, one or two on his jumper. Has a pet, so living somewhere settled. No wallet, no phone. Why go out without either, yet carry his medical and army id?
John desperately wants to ask if it upset the energy of the house but bites his tongue . "I'm fine with cats."
“Well, maybe we’ll send her to Roedean in a few years’ time,” Mummy says with hesitation. She knows Eurus is exceptional, but surely not a killer. Surely not.
“Oh, don’t be ridiculous. Of course he is. Look at the way he rolls his sleeves. Watch the way he positions himself next to the head of his pack. Yes, you pair of lickspittles – and here Sherlock jabs his finger at the others -  “you’re his accessories, nothing more.”
Afterwards he lays under John's chin and taps his finger over his scar, visualising it as a relief map as he memorises the peninsulas on the east and west side. John closes his eyes and rubs his cheek against the thick dark hair that smells of cold air and formaldehyde and coconut. I love you, they both think, I love you really hard and really strong, but they don't say it yet. Instead Sherlock says they should do this every Monday afternoon, spa and sex and snooze, and John smiles and says sign me up and as he holds him a little closer he realises, this is what getting better feels like.
“May I feed him?” Uncle Mycroft asked.
John smiles wanly. Ghosts don’t interest him either. He would like to stop this now, but doctors see a lot of patients and, through trial and error, learn very quickly to assess whether a person is genuine. This woman clearly hasn’t slept in a long time, John decides, there must a be a reason. “Sherlock isn’t a great fan of the supernatural,” he says.
"Which one?"
Still, he thinks briefly, it's nice to see Sherlock with a friend. Wonder how long it'll last.
It can't go on, he regularly tells Rhonda who watches with sympathy from the laundry hamper. I can't live like this.
Albion was not giving away any secrets.
together in a kind of prayer under his chin. He is going over the previous evening with some satisfaction and discussing with John the practicalities of keeping separate rooms. It makes no difference to him that John isn't there.
Five moths after they met, John, whose savings are running low, takes a part time job in the Accident and Emergency rooms at Dick Whittington hospital.
They sit on the bed like chastised children. John reaches out and strokes a few wandering curls from Sherlock’s forehead, watches the strands settle softly into place and then trails his hand along Sherlock’s face, moving in to kiss him, drawing his lips down to his own.
I know that because
“In some respects I think you’re like a squirrel, yes. Actually I could make a Venn diagram about you and squirrels if” –
John waits for the awkwardness that visits all new couples the morning after but there is none.
Other cases had more detail, like the cleaner who was found in a shopping arcade who had been stabbed forty times in the throat and chest in 1974. She was a woman in her late fifties and had started her shift at 5am. The manager found her at 7.30am. The autopsy report showed very definite wounds made by a kitchen knife. I immediately suspected her husband, but as I read through the file I learnt he committed suicide two weeks after she was buried. The last police reports say he was crippled by grief; I rather thought remorse or guilt or both.
"You look like you rather like that idea."
He presses the buzzer and the door opens in four seconds by a young woman in jeans and a fleece. Her uncombed hair is piled on her head and secured with a slightly tatty coloured band. Small shapeless strands spring out from various parts of her crown.
“I chose ALL the colours,” John says with a smug little smile, and waits for the huge tide of curiousity to rise. “Yes, alright, remain calm. You can look at them all now.”
She wears an oxygen mask permanently these days, while a discreet canula runs an endless stream of saline and painkillers into her blood.
The phones' owner.
“You can come back and see him whenever you like.”
Sherlock dips out enough tongue so John can see the tiny cut. "That will heal very quickly if you rest it for a few minutes," he suggests.
I have two livers if you would like them.
“This is a long story.”
“Yes, but the Prince has a lot of money, because he was paid very well when he went away to hunt the evil Prince. Also, one of his batty aunts left him and his hideous brother some money about fifteen years ago. The older brother can access it for him.”
John Watson and Albion were making breakfast in the kitchen. I’d evidently missed this morning’s raspberry session.
“Well. Stories. Do you tell him stories, Doctor Watson?”
After I’d looked at the crime scene (the man they wanted had been a customer before, needed money urgently (probably a bad debt), was acquainted with the victim and did not mean to kill her), I was approached by a number of police officers I knew by sight, all of whom wanted to see pictures of my baby.
"Beakley!"
"Milk no sugar, thank you."
John called us best friends once but I don’t really know what that means. When he told me I had to wait until he was gone and look it up on Google. I couldn’t find anything that really described us. I think we were much more than best friends.
“It looks nice, doesn’t it?”
“Not so much. Amazed that you kept the baby. Although when I thought about it, I thought you of all people would be fascinated by a baby.”
“Is there anything I can do?” Greg asks.
“Well, I have, when I was in Afghanistan. And with people from other countries who weren’t supportive of the occupying forces. The Medecin San Frontiers personnel were every where, and France was very opposed to the whole operation.”
The Holmes parents take their seats and prepare for the worst.
“Oh, you’re clever,” John teases as he takes an appreciative handful of buttock and squeezes gently. “Where did you locate the fantasy?”
For he combs his pale yellow hair, even though it is short.
Sherlock wondered if there was a poem in that for John but inspiration for the next verse came from a very different source.
Both parents smile indulgently.
"Still, you never know," says Mrs Turner generously. "This new one might be the right one."
John is staring at Caroline across the table, his attention fading in and out of her appraisal of Game of Thrones. There’s a candle between then that flickers briefly before it stutters and dies in the onslaught of Caroline’s endless chatter. John isn’t sure why people died at a wedding. He thought those kinds of things only happened to him.
My worst nightmares, it appeared, were about to come true.
“Leave that with me.”
Sometimes it catches him if
Yes. At Mycroft’s. Let’s talk tomorrow.
John’s eyes are closed. He doesn’t want to see the ledge. “What”, he says with pitiful sadness. “What is it that only I can help you with.”
When we walk to St Barts
John arranges to have Caroline collect him from 221b for their first date.
He’s better when he eats. Those few
“John, I am completely bored with this conversation. If you have a problem with my sexuality, it will have to remain your problem because I am entirely uninterested.” Sherlock seats himself elegantly in his chair. “Milk, one sugar,” he adds.
Getting a good night’s sleep meant John was available to spend the early morning walking the floor and patting a little bottom.
I quiver to think what the women of the mothers’ net do to you if you don’t follow the rules.
“I will write you lots and lots and lots of letters! You have to write me lots and lots too, so I got you some writing pads.”
John is just home from work and has the day’s mail. Sherlock is sitting at his microscope, watching small shreds of nylon curl and disintegrate under minute drops of acetate.
“Because if I need to get away quickly I can. It just makes me feel better, okay? And I know it is utterly pointless for me to say this at all but for pity’s sake - stay out of my fucking room.”
John takes the lion.
skulked through the room, crouched down low as if it thought that keeping close to the floor might make it invisible.
“Oh! Godzilla! Not again!” we all say.
"And we're done." John struggles to keep his voice normal as he stands up. He wonders where they'll put the cage.
“No one could have. She tricked everyone. What she did to you was monstrous.”
Sherlock is already going over the body with a small magnifying glass and vehement concentration. He touches the fabric, studies the finger nail beds, studies the nostrils and lifts the soft lips to expose her teeth. John watches closely as he pushes up the sleeve of her fleece to expose her left arm, and of course there's a number tattooed there. Then he goes over the surface of her jeans, right down to her shoes and socks. No space goes unchecked.
“Adrienne. They never told me her last name.”
Mummy smiled. “Yes, my love, I am going to show you your first days at home with us. Can you turn the projector on?”
“I thought Mycroft bit me.”
“Start by lifting your chin up. That’s an important thing to do, especially if you’re staking an airfield at night and want to identify what kind of plane is overhead. Boeing jets and Airbuses sound very similar after they’ve attained an altitude of 7000 feet, so you need to look at them and see the placement of the engines. Should we ask Anya to teach you how to do that?”
John nods, tongue soft on his bottom lip. “The poem,” he says quickly, and Sherlock understands. He lets John’s hand guide him around the zip, lets John press his fingers over his cock, squeezing gently around the celebrated tip.
Despite the fact the file is quite comprehensive,  very few details are recorded about Julia. She was 28 – a little older than Mariah’s parents - she worked at a company that imported wine,  and she met Mr Best through work because he ran a small firm that distributed fine wines to restaurants.
“Yes, yes, but we’re more now, aren’t we?”
He shakes his head. "Do you always have a beer after fellatio?"
“He killed himself,” John says over the breakfast table. “Hanged himself.”
“Thank you. Right. Any chance of that soda bread for dinner?”
Sherlock takes a dainty sip of his tea. It’s scalding, just as he likes it. The sugar tastes better when the tea is almost too hot to drink.
He hails a cab, still clutching the card.
"An office job?"
Sherlock makes a face that illustrates irritation perfectly. “No, the fool. Said I might ruin months of surveillance. If I could just see what they had so far, I’d solve it in seconds.”
He’s only shadows of these things for you
She crouched down before the pram. “Hello little Albion!”
Mike Stamford is waiting near gate three. He stands with a boy about eleven in a Harlequin jersey, a reserved boy who has a mop of loose curls and thick glasses.
People say that it takes a village to raise a child. It occurred to me, amongst my friends and most importantly, basking in the sunshine of John Watson, that Albion and I have been truly fortunate to end up in this village.
“Hello Gegg!” says Rosie.
He is the thorny thistle that draws blood when you least expect it.
She said the same thing over and over. “Sherlock, he’s beautiful! Look at all that hair!” And then, to my father, “Give him here. You’ve had him long enough. He wants to sit with me.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. He is absorbed by the hard facts of the matter, but the esoteric can not be overlooked. John is stuck on the little girl’s fear, and her seeming attachment to her home. Her desperation to be found only matches his desperation to find her.
“You know, I could write a epic about your foreskin.”
“Yes. He is a personal friend of mine and John’s, so you should enjoy wonderful service tonight.”
He learnt how wrong he’d been one day when Sherlock, distracted by having no cases, strolled out of the bathroom in just a towel to retrieve his phone. John’s mouth dropped open when he saw the grid of scars across Sherlock’s back. They were not marks from an accident. Someone had flogged him.
“John, this is my listening-and-understanding face. You’ll have to learn to cope with it. I can’t use any other face when I listen and prepare to comprehend. Now tell me what you want to say.”
She made a few cursory marks on the file, and then looked up to record her decision. “I am granting a parental order to Doctor John Watson, who will, from this moment, be recognised as Albion’s parent in accordance with the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008 and the Human Fertilisation and Embryology (Parental Orders) Regulations 2010. Adrienne, this means you are recognised as Albion’s biological mother but you can have no say in his upbringing and are unlikely to be recognised in a court of law in Great Britain as having rights of a parent unless some aspect of Albion’s care is in jeopardy. To have this order overturned is extremely difficult. Do you understand?”
Sherlock tries a sixth time.
“A 3B pencil! Show me!”
"Did we?"
"Like, a doctor who does operations and shit?"
“Broken neck,” John says.
“Yes.”
“I have to say, I was amazed when Greg told me.”
John isn't sure because who ever meets more than one warlock? He lies and says no, no, that would be fine.
And then I told him the story of Albion’s mother. He laughed bitterly.
“This afternoon, you called us your family. You told that man” –
“Yes,” John agrees, no less shell-shocked than his mate. “A big walk. And I have to go to bed early. I’ll see you in the morning.”
The whole scenario was horrible. John’s love of danger and his belief that he can fight wars single handedly has caused him some horrific pain. He needs someone to watch out for him. I could feel my face growing quite foolish with love so I changed the subject quickly.
"Your dad doesn't talk much."
“Cold comfort,” John says wearily.
Observe:
Lestrade sighs heavily and rolls his eyes in exasperation. John is starting to think that this is his default position with Sherlock. He gives in wearily. "Oh, for Christ's sake, just call him."
a)	how John stopped for a second in front of the rows of cat food and
“William Kinkaid,” John reads aloud from the file in front of him. It’s important he remains neutral with patients until he can assess their illness and whether or not they are a danger to him or themselves. “Take a seat.”
“The Owl and the Jaguar doesn’t quite sound the same, does it?”
Colin the Warlock nods his head. "I wondered what he was doing in his room all the time. I told you he was some kind of agent. So what's he going to do in Belgium?"
His Uniform! Washing my back in his uniform! Sherlock issues the tiniest smile.  “Go on.”
"Yeah, so thanks for that," the mother says in a sigh.
I deduced early on that he is thorough like this because he was a soldier and in that capacity spent an inordinate amount of time studying the lay of the land.
"Rhonda has been recalled by the Home Office and sent to the Small Mammal Autoclave Unit.
“Right.”
And goes out prepared
“Please take a seat,” I said in my most calm voice.
"Please, don't be. We're all friends here."
"You sure you don't want me to go back and confiscate her?"
For he never misses a target.
And they both laugh together, really laugh, their mouths opens, their faces crinkled, laugh until their sides ache and tiny millet seeds of tears run from the corner of their eyes.
Sherlock looks positively nauseated.
There's the red and blue beams from the police cars. You're too late, John smiles to himself.
“Final?”
“Well”, says Molly. “That fits with the injury. If the chi – if Mariah fell against a brick wall, this is precisely the kind of injury she’d get.”
“Yes,” Sherlock smirks. “Nice of them to call the grieving family and remind them of police incompetence.”
It's not a bad gift.
“Were you an exemplary baby today?” I asked my sleepy son as we walked through the door.
John breathes deeply and relaxes. The slow strokes continue while Sherlock nuzzles his face, gently bites his earlobe, rubs his lips over the gold bristles on John's cheek.
Sherlock keeps talking.
Blue, turquoise, indigo. Decorating. Styling. The suspect was married to a stylist who specialised in home décor. Sherlock thinks about decorating and recalls the shade of paint, the floor boards, the curtains and then turns to John with excited eyes.
There's the murderer, mouth wide open and his oddly white teeth catching the light. Cosmetic surgery, thinks John, whose heart beat hasn't raised a step as he carefully aims for the teeth and turns his hand slightly to ensure the correct trajectory.
"Lenny!" she says in her worn old voice, her face lighting up slowly.
Their walk was pleasant. Sherlock wished he had some nuts for the squirrels and said as much to John.
Then he smiles at John with languid satisfaction. "Now might be a good time to get me a beer."
He sits next to a man wearing loose jeans, floral sneakers, a white shirt and a very heavy orange jumper that needs some serious laundry. Sherlock knows him as Bob. He doesn't like Bob much, mostly because Bob has some insight into Sherlock that very few people achieve. Still, he is generous with his services, keeps a wide range of interesting merchandise and offers excellent credit options.
Surveyor’s plans are detailed. The first was drawn up in 1932, the vision of a wealthy member of minor nobility,  who had seen some fine houses in France and wanted to copy them while incorporating some of the more lavish details of homes of New York.  The property, known then as Anglegrove, was a eight bedroom home with a glasshouse in the yard, and a separate pagoda in the other corner of the garden.
“Where did you get the gun?” Lestrade asks, and Jeremy’s mother wails.
John hates approximate diagnosis. He shrugs his shoulders. “Fifteen minutes if he was suffocating, two, maybe three hours if he died from the cranial injury.” He holds the cold head with his fingertips and turns it slightly. “For what it’s worth, I think he died from a combination of all three.”
“Right, Sherlock. Tummy. Raspberry. Now.”
"I have to go, Mrs Fenelly. You take care now."
Oh, this is love, John tells himself as he kisses Sherlock’s closed eyes afterwards.
John doesn't answer but Sherlock can feel him thinking about it, can see in his face that he wants to. Sometimes people swim out and wait for the tide to pull them under, sometimes they drift out and hope to God someone notices in time.
“See?” he says to John, poking him with a saucy finger and speaking with a full mouth, “People read my blog! That’s the trouble with England today. There simply aren’t enough splendid young people like Ryan looking to better themselves.”
“You are impossible,” John scolds as they climb the stairs to 221b.
“I know. You want to know everything, and you will. A little later.”
Albion made an interested cooing noise. John said, “Yes, I think we’re all bit better today.”
When he was almost at the end of the story, Albion looked up from the book and smiled excitedly at me, as if something wonderful had just occurred to him.
"There's nothing wrong with you," he tells the mouse. "Man up. You can't go on giving in every
He’s all kinds of marine colours, John Watson. His eyes are like the sea at Antibes,  his skin is the colour of the sand in the archipelagos of Malaysia, and his body hair is like stones you might find on the beaches in South Africa. The softer creases in his armpits and, I learnt a little later, his groin, are two shades darker, like the very fine pale dirt around the trees on Sabu, and as warm.
Albion looked at me and gave me the pouting lip of sadness, which meant I’d failed him miserably and driven him to tears.
Sherlock’s poetry has had an odd affect on John’s psyche. He expected everything from Sherlock except sentiment, and it seems Sherlock has, contrary to what he tells everyone, a heart brimming with the stuff.
She started work at about 9am every morning, after Albion and I had discussed the day’s plans over breakfast. While he slept she did whatever housework needed doing, and I would let her go at 4pm every day. I didn’t want to be one of those bosses you read about in the Daily Mail who treat their staff badly.
“I hate negligent driving cases,” Sherlock huffs at John when he’s off the phone. “They’re so OBVIOUS.”
They had been back together at Baker Street for five weeks when the next big case came in. Sherlock was beside himself. John was at work, but no matter, Sherlock decided while he simultaneously processed seven other thoughts. John can meet me at Bart’s this afternoon.
John, still clutching his poem, smiles shyly. “No one’s ever written me a poem.”
“No offence, but it’s the mother’s fault,” the tall man said in the second conference. Ludwig chaired the meeting, Uncle Rudy was there, as were one the nurses who tended Eurus, a visiting French child psychiatrist who was enchanted with the child’s abundant gifts, and Mummy herself.
window and is even more annoyed because there's no one around worth deducing and no crimes.
“Well, I want to know why we can’t have more buses. We pay enough taxes.”
Albion was still a little too young to experience anxiety at the sight of strangers, but he was nonetheless a little nervous at the prospect of his first medical examination.
Snow White had been one of my favourite stories when I was little (mostly because of the Woodsman, but also because the poison apple is actually brilliant and very effective) so I used that story very early on.
He's glad when the weary mother returns. She's holding a large cage in one hand a packet of birdseed in the other and dumps both on the floor.
“Sorry to drag you away from Steel Magnolias,” I mumbled while I gently jiggled my non-smiling baby.
I knew before John spoke what he meant.
"So you would have been a fly half."
John Watson was being quite nonchalant. “Did you enjoy it?”
“And what are you? His nursemaid? I know who you are. I’ve seen you pair in the papers. You follow him everywhere, don’t you? What kind of poof are yer?”
(And every minute that I’m with Albion, and with everything I teach him, I think of how it must have been for John Watson when they took Ollie from his arms. All the things he had taught her already, everything she had learnt from him. How desperately she must have missed him those first few nights. She would have cried for him and he would have known that, and known that her heart was breaking when he didn’t come. How torturous for him as he counted the days, knowing that with each one she was forgetting him more and more, until the time that, if they met again, she would just stare blankly at him. The agony.)
Adrienne, who I was starting to think had a very high bar for excitement, shrugged her shoulders.
I leave things
Her achievements were legendary - up to Girton when she was seventeen, gobbling up courses and graduating with her masters in Natural Science at 21, mother of two small boys, part of the core Brompton surgical team and teaching post graduate courses in medicine when she was thirty three.
John stares back, reaching into his other pocket and pulling out his Army warrant. "Let me save you any further trouble. “That's all the id I've got, unless you want my money too. Now sit still while I give you a bit more anaesthetic."
Our lives settled down substantially once John started his new job. I took more and more cases from Detective Lestrade and John, when was able, he came with me.
This made me quite cross. “Why do we need to find Albion’s mother?”
A few nights later Sherlock answers the door to a woman who may be the owner of the most astonishing breasts in Britain. They are sitting upright on a short, beautifully rounded blonde and are barely contained in her short red dress.
“Nothing, Sherlock. Roll over.”
He moved onto balloons. They were even more pointless than flowers, although maybe not if he got some helium ones, because the stores of the gas are depleting and he might not have many opportunities to experiment with it in the future.
"I've been invalided. I wasn't good to practise."
The last bit was unauthorised, but in retrospect, was absolutely the right thing to say.
“Then I can assume we are in a permanent situation then.”
“Who did that to your back?”
“No, “ she answers. “She knew not to do that. The police think that she was grabbed, which is why she lost her shoe.” Her voice creaks slightly, for  it is at that point that the stiff structure becomes dark and hard to see.
“Don’t think about it again. It’s in the past too.”
His treatment plans are invariably overtaken by the same horrible thoughts: you don’t get marks like that in combat. Those wounds can only be inflicted on a restrained man. His hands have to be tied tightly, his feet have to be bound. Every time you strike he would try to get away. The torture is not only physical but also mental – the victim knows that there is nothing he can do or say to stop the beating.  Sherlock was helpless and at their mercy but people who do things like that have no mercy. John clamps his eyes shut and tries to squeeze the hateful thoughts from his mind but they are indelible. It would have been agony, he would have been so helpless.
So on that dreary afternoon, when Sherlock felt his little heart could not get any heavier,  Mycroft and Eurus brought the old boat down to the shore, and decked it with one of the pirate’s hat and a cutlass. Rudy helped them start a small fire in the soft, splintery wood, and Papa joined his brother and sons to drag the boat and its soft flames out into the current. Eurus sat close by her mother, cuddled under Mummy’s coat.
“Oh, right.” She then looked around the flat, as if was vaguely familiar. I’d deleted how entirely uninterested she was in anything.
Everyone looks at him.
Downstairs, Sherlock heaved under the weight of his care. He was finalizing the conclusion that John’s heterosexuality left him in no man’s land and that he had little choice but to go back to being nothing, like he was before he met John.
“Pelicans are the symbol of piety. Its based on the popular myth that if a pelican mother can’t find food for her chicks, she pierces her breast with her beak and lets her babies drink her blood.”
As soon as Anya would arrive, Albion, satisfied that he had successfully completed a good session of mournful wailing and shortened both John’s and my life expectancy, would promptly go to sleep. No doubt he was restoring his strength so he could wail loudly at John and me when her shift finished.
John sees her bandaged leg and notices it is bound too tightly.  He asks a polite question.
"I do."
They all think about that for a few awful seconds.
When he gets home the lights are all off, Sherlock has disappeared and – when John turns on the main light – a single red helium balloon is floating just inches from his face, its long ribbon tail finishing exactly at his eye line so he can see his name written clearly on the envelope attached to it.
Sherlock has limited resources for cats like Toby. “He looks perfectly normal. Get your coat.”
Sherlock, whose mind is set out in a series of coloured rooms that echo with his footprints continuously, had been in the taxi for five minutes before he realised he had left the scene without his doctor.
“So that was the start of a beautiful relationship?”
“We’re good,” said John.
The judge cocked her head. This was going to be interesting. “Pardon?”
John kicks over the engine.
But when she turns and sees Sherlock's face, her disappointment is renewed.
“It’s all right!” I told him as I scooped him up and patted his back.
When they get home later that night they do it again, around the living room with the blinds open this time, John not caring who sees, Sherlock not even thinking that someone might.
John and I used to eat at Angelo’s all the time, back in the days before I died. Because I once helped Angelo avoid an (unwarranted) conviction, he now makes a tremendous fuss of us. I liked coming here because he used to insist John was my date, much to John’s annoyance. Also, he makes a cabonara that should be awarded a Nobel Prize.
“Have I sullied it?” Sherlock watches carefully for a response.
John bites his lip and taps the cage gently. Quick and sharp, like a bandaid, he tells himself. "Bye Rhonda. Be nice to the residents."
“Did Victor notice him?”
Because, like every living creature
It’s awkward in the flat the next morning. The two best friends avoid one another’s eyes over the breakfast table. Sherlock is uncertain what kind of best-friend question he should ask about the lady with the enormous breasts (several things come to mind - could you see the scars? Were they warm to the touch? Would it be possible to assess the weight of them individually? – but he dismisses them in case they sound sexist and nasty), and John can’t stop staring at Sherlock’s dark blue toe nails as they twinkle in the changing light.
Mycroft didn’t have baby confidence but he was transitioning, moving from hesitant towards smitten. Albion was entirely bored and slept through the whole proceedings, thus missing the moment when his uncle fell in love with him.
“I think it was enough.”
"Saliva is an enzyme. It doesn't coagulate, it evaporates."
“As far as I’m aware, it was his idea, initially. Until he got concerned that she was getting too involved with me, and that I was becoming too attached”  – John’s voice split a little here – “too attached to Ollie. He asked her to leave me and run away with him again, but she refused. They had a huge fight about it. Then he blew the whistle on her.”
The next day Sherlock returns to the suspect’s house and inspects the fittings more carefully. He finds expensive boutique paint, solid timber floor boards, curtains that have been made from custom designed fabric - all things that cannot be accounted for in any of the suspect’s financial records. Sherlock rightly deduces that that the offender was piling money into his wife’s business, building her portfolio and empire with money he was supposed to invest on behalf of the credit union’s clients.
For he can gather shards of glass from the floor.
"He was hit by a scooter," John explains.
“Everyone knows it. Harry had a book of it when we were little. I always liked the way the old cat put a gold star on the good girl’s forehead before he dipped her in a vat of ashes, and gave the bad girl a donkey’s tail”
Mycroft was punctual and carrying a sheath of papers. Anthea was one step behind him, completely absorbed in her mobile phone.
It was a gas leak.
“Is it a story about you?”
John assumed they were clients.
“You can always make room. The older brother has great influence with the London councils. Everyone in London builds up.”
John gives up on trying to sort that and instead goes to the core of the matter.
“Of course. My mistake.” Sally made a mawkish wave with her hand. “Are you two…co-parenting?”
For he drinks at pubs with Stamford.
“Brer Rabbit!” says Eurus.
I was indeed gaping. John Watson was surprising me at the rate of knots.
"It doesn't matter. He's happy. You're happy. Anthea or whatever she calls herself this week is happy. I'm texting Mycroft that Mummy came to visit with cake and he missed out so I'm very happy. Why are you getting worked up over this?"
They went back to her place in a cab where he kissed her first. She tasted of wine and a mint and some unidentifiable sourness that occurs in mouths as the small subtle stages of degradation simmer away in the digestive tract. Her mouth was surprisingly firm, her tongue was stiff and clogged his mouth.
"Did you see anything?"
“No. I was travelling at the time.”
“Your appalling son is part of a criminal enterprise that is bullying my friend Ryan. I am assisting the three of them by explaining to them exactly what kind of morons they are and why they should leave Ryan alone. Problem?”
Sally and Lestrade moved immediately. I heard the handcuffs clicking into place while I closed my eyes and breathed in the delicate scent of Albion’s hair, only looking up when I heard the large crystalline shatter of a bottle hitting the cold floor. It made us both jump.
The room is still and quiet; it seems like the whole world stops to hear the response.
My heart did something strange as I watched him. It moved, actually moved, something like a flip, something strong and pulsing.
"The Broken Beer Bottle Killer."
frill of pastry made from shortening. Gravy.
Tea becomes Sherlock’s duty because of the pelican.
We could see Lestrade and Sally Donovan standing outside one of the large barn like doors a few hundred feet away.
“Sherlock!” John called from the computer. “Look at these left-to-right wounds!”
“I know,” he answers.
“Or big and strong like Sally,” Sherlock adds.
“Have you been forced in anyway to hand him over?”
“Certainly. It is as your brother has told me. I have been instructed to ignore everything you say regarding my employment here. Now I will gather the washing and restore straightness to the apartment.”
“Who are we seeing?”
John handed me a warm bottle and Albion cooed. My boy was becoming very good at deducing small things. “Of course. But we’re going to have breakfast first, and I’m going to read the paper.”
Unremarkable, Mycroft would say.
Colin was not interested in small talk. "You should know, if this all works out and we find we can relate honestly and share space, that I'm a warlock. Would that bother you?"
“So you underwent the insemination and pregnancy willingly?”
"Their boss?"
"Ah yes. Molly, this is Doctor John Watson, John, this is Molly, who as far as I'm concerned runs St Barts."
On the way home John stares from the window and starts to shake gently. Sherlock can see he's laughing.
“Now you’ve upset the baby again,” John said with a smirk, and quickly grabbed his robe.
We rested our foreheads together and smiled against each other’s face with our eyes closed. I felt like I had been forgiven every sin and was now free to start my life properly.
“I can dress it for you, “ John says. “I’m a doctor, so I can get some clean bandages from the car, if you like.”
“Every bloody night.”
There is a tumultuous noise at the door. Someone appears to banging it with an open hand.
“When?”
My partner, my best friend, my doctor, my John, is the sun around which we revolve. He wipes noses, mops up spilt drinks, stares at me with patient resolve when I’m being ridiculous and with these quiet, unassuming practicalities, keeps us all safe. I owe him so much every day, this wonderful man who not only found my heart but thought it worth keeping.
“No. Do you want to hear the story or not?”
Sherlock feels the pain immediately. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be so graphic.  The thought of anyone hurting her makes me feel exactly the same.”
And after three weeks I was allowed to have a swim, which was brilliant.
“You’ve come back more captain-like than you were before.”
“The only thing she’s in is a crack house. She’s an addict, Mycroft. She knows where I am and she knows I have Albion here. She saw me buying furniture for him. She can come back whenever she likes.”
"I thought we could go and get your things, " Sherlock says as they sit on the floor together, sipping.
“Yes. I love sex, and save being dead or confronted with a dead pelican, can always get a line up.”
“NO.” John is adamant. “No branding. It would hurt you, and it might get infected. This is much more pleasant. And it looks wonderful.” He looks up to his partner who is still rather taken with the idea of branding. “You have lovely feet. I think this might be great therapy for both of us when we’ve had a hard day. And it’s our secret.”
"I'm not sure ...sorry? You want a flat mate?"
For he will take their hearts’ secrets to his grave.
“Dealer’s choice this morning.” Sherlock whispers in his ear. “Mouth or hand?”
“It’s no different from me getting all the cups and saucers from Mrs Hudson’s cupboard and laying them all in a semi circle and then sitting among them, waiting for you to come in and assess whether you liked them or not. Would that entice you to want to be my mate? Should I do that tomorrow and see how effectively it seduces you?”
(I love John Watson when he’s like this. He plants both feet on the ground and folds his arms across his chest. It’s masterful.)
"She's been stabbed differently," Sherlock says. "She didn't die as quickly as the others." He produces a small torch and follows an irregular trail of blood splotches. "She tried to get away after he stabbed her."
“How does this person know about straight boy pain?”
The movie cuts clumsily to another scene, with Eurus in her cot, still only days old, eyes wide open as Sherlock reads her a book. Mycroft leans over the other side.
That made me laugh harder. “Hopeless!”
“How long have you loved John?”
“I can’t use empirical evidence to know what is stupid and what isn’t,”  says Eurus. “Stupid is a matter of opinion.” She examines her finished drawing, puts it aside and takes another piece of paper. “You need to just burn someone to death in a fire,” she adds, and reaches for a scarlet pencil.
It grows stronger as he walks, pulling him under when he opens the front door and driving him straight to his own room where it slams him on the floor, back against the wall and he finally breaks down completely, huge thick sodden sobs from every chamber of his heart that won't stop.
"Sixthy nine minuteth," Sherlock says.
“It hurts.”
Detective Inspector Lestrade is sitting at Sherlock's kitchen table, privately congratulating himself for having found the one unutilised area on which he could have his lunch. The rest of the table is covered with beakers, Petri dishes, dead matches, random splotches of red gunk that may or may not be human tissue, piles of papers, a couple of small pharmaceutical bottles filled with various volumes of clear fluids and in the centre, exactly as they currently figure in Sherlock's brain, four broken beer bottles.
I laughed. “No. It was strange, hearing you call us family. I never thought of Albion and I being anyone’s family.”
And they make love, not quite as well as they will in the future but with great devotion and with more gratitude than they have done anything together.
HAVE YOU LOST THIS BIRD?
“This very easy,” I assured him as I laid him, on his tummy, on the big blanket. “You’ve got to strengthen the muscles in your neck and shoulders so that you can hold your head up. Once you can hold your head up you can look at things when ever you want, and once you can do this, you can sit up.”
Lestrade still doesn't follow.
I hadn’t thought of a name. “Guilliuame”, I said quickly.
"Hello Freak," a slim young woman sings out when they reach the tape. "What are you doing here?"
"I mean it - thank you."
His nightmares embarrass him. It’s the only time he is out of control and genuinely frightened. In a strange way I feel very privileged that he trusts me to witness this weakness.
The both speak a the same time. "Trying to get Sherlock's phone out," says the Detective Inspector. "Playing snakes," says Sherlock.
Sherlock watches them embrace and, for a fleeting second, envies Jeremy.
“With whom?” he asked carefully.
John thought it would be highly charged, testosterone soaked arrangement. “I bet there’s a lot of aggression and fighting behind the scene.”
It’s the right thing to say.
Babies are not straightforward. They actually arrive with little personalities all ready to go, and you have to get to know them. I had no idea. Until I met Albion, I thought they were just little unformed transports that developed personalities as they grew.
“But why would she go to Mrs Best’s home in the first place? She’s got the husband to herself, why would she go to see the wife?”
Mrs Hudson was fascinated.
Eurus squeezes his hand. “Let’s have a Viking funeral.”
John drives while Sherlock apparently takes notes.
John eats a big breakfast and encourages Sherlock to pick at the toast and bacon. They each have two mugs of milky tea that are as good as Sherlock suggested.
John’s purpose becomes clear as Sherlock’s eyes grow heavy. He wants his part in this. He couldn’t help me while I was there, but he can help now.
Mycroft broke my reverie.
Sherlock returns with a haphazard armful of bedding and a sealed bottle of lubricant, both of which he drops on the floor.
Of an evening when he gets home he goes into his room without looking around him and curls up on the bed while Rhonda watches from his laundry hamper.
And he likes to get things back on track, which I think is also residual from his soldiering days. When he first moved into my flat he fixed a cupboard in the kitchen that I would have never had noticed was broken and repaired one of the taps at the bathroom sink. John Watson would be walking all over the world, looking at local museums, doing people’s washing up in Shanghai, nailing down pieces of loose carpet in Stockholm, walking someone’s dog in Fresno, sweeping out someone’s igloo in the North Pole, trimming rubber trees in Kuala Kangsar, shooting a drug lord in Columbia, escorting a child to school in Nimes – there are enough chores and local museums world wide to keep him occupied forever.
He looks at the nuclear green graphs on the ECG machine, "Well, the good news is, your heart is healthy."
It seems very distant now, and without purpose. John has no response.
It wasn't even that she had successfully second-guessed him because everyone had been trying to that do that to him since as far back as he could remember, although it was that a little bit, because she second guessed him very well, with her slim legs and the breasts that, if she walked to you, lips parted and anticipating, would sway gently until you cupped them to stillness in your hand.
“If we aren’t all submerged in litres of his saliva first, yes, he will.”
prodigious sportsmanship, not standing around like the mindless sheep they were."
Albion told me oo oo again. I made a mental note to ask Anya to take Albion plane spotting.
"Ditto, doctor."
"No, because he gets off on it. He's a psychopath and he likes to see murdered people."
When he gets home Sherlock is back in pyjamas and back on the couch.
I didn’t know what they should do either, other than transport a baby and allow room for baby accoutrements. A quick scout around the internet put paid to that. I read of marriages actually breaking up because people had chosen the wrong pram.
Sherlock is. His mouth covers John’s ear entirely before he leans back with his next question.
“Well, Sherlock,” Mycroft sneered, “I’m thrilled to see that your genius for attracting sympathy for problems you bring on yourself has not abated.”
John halts and starts, bubbling over, fist hard and swinging. “No. You did not  - no. Please tell me we are not going to – up to… no.” He paces a small circle, back and forth from Sherlock.
But now sharing dinner they are content, chattering happily and with great vivacity. Amarita asks Mycroft about his work; he tells her eagerly of negotiations he has underway in Nairobi for some lucrative contracts in new quinoa farms since they'd undermined the market in South America. Sherlock bristles but waits his turn, when he can tell her about solving the not exactly suicides case and the aneurism in the cab driver who collapsed on his arrest and his own inability to render himself unconscious by trying to drain all his blood to his head.
