Miles had settled in his play pen that Tony had built in his lab. He originally didn’t want Miles to be in the lab, but he really needed to do work. So he built the best freaking play pen known to men. He should really start his own kids’ stuff company.
“Yes, Miles is a very nice boy. He’s very attentive and very intelligent for his age. He’s also very sociable so you will not have many problems getting him acclimated. He’s a little shy at first, but again once he warms up he’s this little chatterbox,” Karen said.
Tony wandered into the kitchen bouncing a crying and coughing Miles on his hip. Miles’ face had grown red due to all the force he was exerting to cough. Tony’s heart tugged and he wondered if he had been the best choice to take care of Miles until he recovered.
“Shut up,” Tony hissed, face already reddening from embarrassment. “Just cover my face with a blanket. I don’t want anyone seeing me. They already know I’m in this stupid hospital and I would prefer them not to get pictures of me in this stupid hospital looking like how I’m looking.”
“Captain,” Miles said. He tugged on his pants leg and Steve pulled him onto his lap so that they could be nearly eye level.
“I should’ve known then, you know. I should’ve realized that a friend doesn’t pull stunts like that, but I didn’t. And then it was back to how it all was before. That was a thing of the past. He was just helping me,” Tony said. “So I let it go.”
Tony leaned back to look into Steve’s eyes. Brown eyes searched blue ones and Tony found what he was looking for. He smiled softly and placed his hand on Steve’s chest.
“And I’m sorry I’m not stronger. I’m Spiderman and I can’t…I can’t lose you. God, Uncle Tony I can’t lose you.”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“And so I wanted to protect him from all scrutiny. I should have told you about him. I reprimanded you for Ultron and I was doing the same thing. Then I found out about what he did to your parents and Tony I should have told you as soon as I found out, but I couldn’t.”
The woman nodded her hand, placing her chart on the desk. “Yes, they did. Though I still don’t think that he needs a CT. I’m pretty sure it’s just a routine headache.”
When Steve went to the tower, he first ignored the several glances from the other team members looking at him oddly. He knew without a doubt that they had questions regarding Tony’s sleeping figure in his arms. Unfortunately, for them right now all Steve wanted to do was place Tony in his bed and watch over him for now. The questions could come later. He allowed his own tired feet to lead him to Tony’s room. He went in there easily, passcode already on his lips as he went into the room. Before he had fully entered, he made sure to leave the door cracked.
“Are you not? This whole thing seems to be centered on Ryder? Are you wishing that I am Ryder simply because you had a secret crush on him,” Isak hinted. “I wouldn’t be surprised people are often enamored with personalities like Ryder and maybe that’s why your friend stayed with him so long. Maybe they were in love.”
“I’m sure you are. Look we’ll have a more private discussion about things later. I need to pack for my trip to Honduras. Clean this up and we’ll talk when I get back, before I leave to board my flight.”
While the two knew things were not quickly resolved, there was a hope feeling them. A hope that things could change.
Natasha grit her teeth and ignored the urge to bring to consciousness the two individuals lying just outside the bathroom and bringing them within an inch of death.
Steve’s voice broke off mid-sentence and he palmed the back of his eyes. His breathing deepened and he dug the heel of his hands into his eyes as if shaking away dark thoughts.
“And to this I tell you my son,” the voice echoed and Steve had no thoughts in his mind to write it off as his imagination, far stranger things had happened in his life. “That of whom his love has brought closer to me in the years that have been unkind. Sleep my son and rest. The decision weighs heavy on your heart, but your love shall ease its burdens.”
Cali knew she was being baited. She wondered if Miriam would have fallen into the same trap. She doesn’t allow herself to wonder in fear of being disappointed of the answer.
“No,” Harley answered back. “I just got bored and decided to wander around. Then I got hungry so here I am. But speaking of eavesdropping what were you and mom talking about? You were in there for an awful long time.”
“You know I told myself I’d give you one month to come to your senses. Then I sat back and realized that month was actually for myself. See if I had seen you again within that timespan I would have killed you,” Natasha exclaimed coldly.
Tony wondered sometimes if it was easier having a physical reminder of Ryder’s abuse on his body. He questioned himself and why it was hard to reconcile his belief that as those physical bruises on his body faded away, the ones felt sometimes even deeper on his heart, soul, and mind were mending far too slowly for Tony’s liking.
“Calm down Cap. I was going to say organic apples. Get your mind out of the gutter,” Tony laughed. “But I mean the other wasn’t wrong either.”
The phone call was cut short as Tony hung up and placed his phone in his back pocket. Peter had already reached Miles and was holding him by his hand. The woman had since left. Tony looked around trying to find the woman, but it was as though she had never been at the park.
Cali breathed out. “He needs to check back into his reality and I need you to be that string. I think I found the driver and I’ll tell you more later. Just talk to him until he falls asleep he should be sleep soon with what they’ve…” her voice breaks off. “Never mind.”
Tony looked at Steve. “I like my dreams. In them you always care about me. Always love me in my dreams. But when I wake up you leave me. Always leave me. Left me in the cold once and in the cold again. I don’t want to wake up this time. It’s too cold. Always too cold.”
“Cali, do you want to go first? Or me,” one asked, with a thick accent that Tony couldn’t quite place, plopping down beside Tony.
“Well you certainly do keep a girl waiting Captain. Now please do remember my safeword is marrow,” she whispered.
Pepper shrugged not really caring to fix her mistake with the former teammates’ statement. She turned toward Rhodey who came beside her. Rhodey smiled brightly at Tony and engulfed him in a hug.
“No, actually,” Steve said. “It was said briefly in passing. You were talking to me about how Jarvis would sit you down and you two would read the
Steve nodded, taking great pleasure in the fact that Isak/Ryder had no idea what trap he was leading himself to.
Then that was when Miles pulled out a purple lollipop that looked mysteriously like the ones Clint sometimes had in the house. He allowed himself five seconds to fill the betrayal, before he went over to Miles.
“I want to grow old with you. I want to watch our kids graduate and have families of their own. I want to forever be the person who holds you at night, brings you hot coffee for the millionth time in the day. I want to help love you out of nightmares. I want to know every part of you and discover new things about you every day. I want to love you and continue to be loved by you,” Steve honestly confessed, his tone softening as he knelt in front of Tony.
“Told you Pep, he would want to get out. I’ve been trying to get her to let us break you out. But as you can see I’ve been unsuccessful,” Rhodey said, as he came back holding two thick blankets. “So the nurses said this was all they had. I don’t know why blankets are so thin at hospitals and not that comfortable either. But when I go back home I can grab some thicker ones to help with the cold.”
Steve bit back a whimper and narrowed his eyes at Natasha who was snickering behind the hallway door and high-fived Julie. From then on, he tried hiding from all of the little black widows. He thought that he would find safety with Jaime, but Jaime turned a cool glare to him and ousted his position.
Natasha smiled and shrugged. “Tony you’re thinking too hard on this. I merely go and play with them.”
“Are with May. She has them, once I told her to pick them up from Karen’s,” Steve said, already knowing what Tony’s concerns were.
“We don’t,” Natasha told them. “There is no margin of error with this decision. The only one under that though is you. I do not agree with bringing Tony in as well. Tony himself doesn’t even know that Ryder is in the same vicinity as him. We can’t just pull the rug underneath his feet, when he’s barely just getting settled back in.”
Steve left outside feeling nauseated all at once. How much had Tony gone through? All Steve had wanted to do was give a few hits to Ryder make him unrecognizable and send him to the Raft or in a body bag.
“Your fella?” Tony questioned, quirking his eyebrow and feeling slighted that Steve wasn’t able to see his expressions.
“Look around you. Do you want these people to fear and hate you like some young black men fear the police? You know black parents, upon their son being able to understand life, have to teach them how to interact with some police officers in order not to be killed. Do you want them to curse your name like they do to political officials trying to take away their individual rights? Because in you not signing these Accords you are taking away the civilian’s rights to protection, safety, and freedom.”
Steve noted how neither Bucky nor Natasha made any moves to stop him. Perhaps they knew there was no stopping Steve or perhaps just like Steve they hadn’t cared too much for the rules Fury had placed in motion anyways.
And for once, he thought he could keep this, keep them. For once, he felt what it could possibly be like to have this group of wonderful people who he has grown with and has fought beside, be his family.
Tony tried resisting this because he didn’t want Ryder to know how affected he was by all of this. He didn’t want to be affected by all of this.
“Okay, Di stay where I can see you or where granny and granddaddy can see you okay. And don’t go toward the water. You both don’t have anyone with you, okay?”
He left with a chaste kiss at the corner of Tony’s mouth before leaving the building. On his way out, a lady bumped into him looking harried.
“You should spend time with your brother. I can get dinner started, while you two are gone. Maybe you could take him around town and give him a tour. We would love to have you for dinner,” Eva said leaning her face back as the toddler on her hip attempted to wipe some of her blueberry jam on her cheek.
Tony leaned his head back so as to resist the temptation, but this inadvertently caused him to arch his back slightly, his chest briefly meeting with Steve’s. Tony quickly bent back and remained still. If Tony hadn’t seen Steve, he would have assumed he wasn’t there. Despite the sound of breathing, Steve hadn’t moved.
“Dear, you’ve just made my night. And what happens if he decides to say no,” the voice offered. “I know you must have thought about that.”
“Yeah, fine,” Steve said calmly as though the statement hadn’t bothered him. In fact it truly hadn’t. “It’s fine because as long as your answer is no, that’s as long as I’m going to continue to fight for you. I’m a patient man.”
Steve looked down at the most recent text he had from Peter, making sure that he was at the correct location. He pulled his ball cap down over his eyes, an inconspicuous cover he hadn’t managed to change despite everyone on the team constantly telling him it was obvious. But it must not have been, since no one had yet to call out his name asking for an autograph or selfie.
He went into the restroom alone and closed the door behind him. He looked to the full bath tub and shivered. He had never done well with large bodies of water after Afghanistan and his hands shook. He decided to leave that be for a little, instead choosing to look around the bathroom. He was dissatisfied that there were no means of escaping at least through the window. However, there was a vent.
Fury wasn’t good at comforting people and there were instances where he wish that he was. He wished that he could say the right words, to take that gloomy expression off of Tony’s face. He had hated to see the pure look of happiness dissolve just so that one full of grief could over take it.
“I love you,” Ryder said. “And I missed you so much this past month. Everywhere I looked I kept turning to my side to say something to you, but you weren’t there. You’ve left an imprint.”
“No, it’s just me being me. You know? I’m not Tony Stark if I don’t have my daily dose of a panic attack,” he tried joking, but it fell flat.
Seeing the shards of glass sticking to Tony’s palm, Steve quickly went to grab Tony’s hand so he wouldn’t wipe the soft skin of his face with his bloodied hand.
“I’m saying it’s highly coincidental that he goes to Norway just as we’re closing in on him and he supposedly wounds up dead, but his brother doesn’t? Also this is the same man, who Cali said was creating a formula for DNA to perfectly mirror someone else’s. Who’s to say he didn’t do that with his brother?”
At the go-ahead, Steve thrust forward hands grabbing at Tony’s waist and pulling him into his own movements.
Clint came in here with a mission. He was going to apologize for his behavior today and then move on. Unfortunately, Clint’s mind and his mouth did not reach the same agreement.
“Doesn’t matter whether it’s true or not. It’s what I believe. I think if I did though I would adopt someone that’s older. Spending time at Karen’s showed me that the older kids rarely get chosen for adoption. Some don’t even really want to foster older children,” Natasha admitted.
Tony should have known that agreeing to that was a mistake. That night was a rare occasion of Ryder placing such affections on him in a way that didn’t cause his body to ache and clinch up in phantom pains.
Tony had stumbled over the two that day sleeping in the main room. Miles had curled up on Steve’s chest with a crayon placed firmly in his hand. There were coloring books and crayons strewn carelessly over the floor. On their cheeks looked something like drying paint. Tony had taken a picture of the moment and set it as his screensaver. Tony was happy mainly because he still had plains for Miles to become an artist. He had hopes that would steer him away from any possible superhero business. He also was also getting him some science kits for kids for Christmas. So he had two options at the ready.
He just felt free. He finally felt something he never thought he could have again. He knew that Tony had a great deal to do with his progress in Wakanda. He wondered if the others knew about his part in all of this.
Steve smiled softly and poked at Tony’s shoulder. “Come on Tony. You look tired let’s get you to a bed.”
“You kind of do man,” Sam echoed suddenly tuning into their conversation. “I wasn’t going to say anything and wait for a while, but hey. This is literally the saddest I’ve ever seen you. Like if you were selling Girl Scout cookies, I would buy all the boxes and just let them sit in my pantry.”
Natasha had watched it with Tony two years ago and it had easily become her favorite children’s film. Anytime she was presented with the chance to watch it she grabbed it. Plus she hadn’t really had the chance to sit down and watch a movie due to the past recent events and this was a good movie to get back to.
The two needed to stop, but neither was willing to voice out that thought. Too many things had separated Tony from being able to do this and he wasn’t going to allow this time to be cut short.
“I’d rather not. Look Ryder this is just between you and me. I’ll do whatever you want okay. Just not another person. No offense Winston,” Tony said. “Ryder come on.”
Steve made sure that Bucky and Clint were still following him as he led them to a backdoor. Steve opened it and it revealed a cozy little office space. Inside the office space was an older man, hovered over his desk and scanning different pieces of silver.
After all she was the one who told Ryder to come back to America because the Accords had left Tony by himself and that was exactly the opportunity that he had been waiting for.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but Bucky touched his elbow and tilted his head to the side. “He’s right. It’s been a long flight. We all need sleep.”
When they had arrived at the Tower, Tony thanked Happy and turned to grab the bags full of Miles’ stuff Karen had left him with. Tony was careful to keep an eyes on Miles who was still asleep in his arms.
Tony shrugged his shoulders. His phone rang again and this time Tony didn’t bother picking it up to check it. Instead Peter looked down at the phone and noticed a different name this time.
He remembered exactly how he had phrased things in a way that made Tony feel like Ryder was only looking after his best interests.
“So how have you been? I see I wasn’t even invited to the wedding. She’s a gorgeous woman by the way. Well done. That did hurt me, but I think the biggest surprise was finding out you moved to Norway. Thought you were always a New Yorker through and through,” Ryder said pulling away from the house and driving out of the neighborhood.
“Yeah, no. After the little incident we had, when I took you and Steve to Target. I am not doing that again.”
Tony raised an eyebrow waiting for Steve to disagree, but he was admittedly surprised when all Steve did was nod seriously.
When he noticed his door was open, he looked up and smiled. Standing up he walked toward Steve and greeted him with a hug.
That hopeful light diminished as soon as their eyes fell onto the noticeably lacking Tony presence in the room. They never stayed. Miles was too confused and sad to be in a room where he knew his baba should be. So Peter and Harley would take him back to his room and play games, until Miles was tired out and resting in his room. That was when they would come back and go into Clint’s little fortress of solitude.
“Tony. It’s Natasha. I’m not going to hurt you okay,” she claimed trying to break through the haze that had settled around Tony’s mind.
Tony whipped around taking his earbuds out of his ear, goggles set lopsided on his face, and oil deep in his fingertips.
Steve held his hands between his. “No, I want…I need to know. I promised I will listen. I’m not leaving and you don’t have to keep it in. Had to be silent about it for too long, yeah? Don’t have to be silent anymore.”
Karen continued her relentless attack and then chose to focus on tickling him. “Never. Admit you love me and I’m like quite literally the best adopted sister you could have ever wanted.”
“You let me know any information that you find,” Peter said reluctantly dragging his feet behind Pepper.
Tony’s eyes began to blur and he felt the air slowly begin to leave his chest. He hadn’t had an attack like this since…He had moved on. He had went to his appointments and he was done. He shouldn’t be brought back down to this dark place because of some questions. He could keep this together.
He was just upset when somebody got to Howard and Maria, before he was able to. But he still had possession of the CMPNY. After Howard’s death, the CMPNY started to slowly disband, but Ryder began to rebuild it and fix it to his own needs. He hadn’t set out to ruin it like he initially wanted. But the idea of owning something that Howard once had was…it was invigorating. It was like even in his death, he owned Howard.
Steve nodded, all the while trying to ignore Tony hoarsely screaming at them not to touch him. Steve wished he had brought a jacket so Tony could have something more than a thin towel covering his body. How cold did a room even need to be?
Tony curled into the embrace, sniffing. Happy continued muttering soft words to him, hand rubbing circles into his back. Tony inhaled and exhaled then motioned for Happy to help him up. Happy handed Tony a handkerchief and Tony took it gratefully.
Steve smiled at the nurse and the nurse was shocked with the grief that weighed heavy in his eyes. He hadn’t known a hero as bright as Captain America could have eyes as dark as his. He wondered what they had been talking about.
Tony looked at Steve and smiled. “Well, guess that means you’re stuck with me. Of course, if that’s okay with you?”
“Can’t wait,” Tony gasped, bouncing downward onto Steve who was moving his hips up in an agonizingly slow pace.
“Well, well, well. It looks like sleeping beauty finally decided to join the land of the living,” the man said, smiling greedily at Tony. “I always wondered why Ryder wouldn’t let us come up here. He’s so very selective with who he brings to his inner circle. Though looking at you I can see why, you are a gorgeous little thing.”
He slid his eyes over to Isak, who without speaking knew the implications of what his brother was saying. He leant closer to his wife and his daughter, pressing a hand against her back.
“Hmm. Yes, that sounds nice. I want you all to care. Want…want you to want me…need me,” Tony slurred. “I’m sleepy. Can I talk to my son?”
“No, you don’t get to just pull a pity party. You don’t love Tony, if you let this note get in the way. When I was watching you and Tony, never did I hear Tony say he wanted you to leave. He told you to stay. I think you should’ve been listening to him more than the words on a piece of paper. You can’t sit here and say you love Tony, when you let him walk off crying from you,” Bucky stated.
Miles let out a few groans and a few raspy no’s. Tony tried waking him up by pulling the covers off of his body, but Miles didn’t seem to care.
The two nodded their heads. Steve settled things over the design and thanked Mr. Moore again. “I can’t tell you how much this means to me. Thank you.”
“Cali…what are you doing here? For your assistance in helping us find Tony, Fury should have at least sent you to the prison in Brooklyn not here at the Raft.”
“Whoa, it’s you all are actually here? Tony hadn’t thought you would all come here, but wow he’s going to be surprised,” a man rushed out. “You know you all seem more extremely human than when you are on tv.”
Steve tensed at how sure of himself Ryder seemed to be. Bucky as if noticing Steve was going to say something, pulled on his arm and shook his head. It was time to stop giving this man what he wanted.
This chapter is shorter, honestly because I don't think you readers have enough tissues for this. I'm kidding (I say as I offer hugs to you, when you get done reading).
Tony raised his hands away from the mound. “But Miles it will look so much cooler, if we make it into like a cool door for the entrance of the castle.”
“Steve talk to me. This is probably one of the rare times I am willing to have an open and honest conversation and share feelings. So seriously. Why don’t you want to sign?”
Also didn't really mean for this to be over 10k, but I didn't want to break it up into two different chapters. But next chapter is definitely going back to its normal programming.
He just wanted the door open and to leave this place. He wanted someone to come back, someone that he knew. He wanted Pepper to leave her meeting, she said she would if he called. But the phone was too far and he couldn’t move.
Ryder began taunting him, “Come on Captain. You want to hurt me, so hurt me. ‘Cause what you’ve done in the past few hours is only an increment of what you think I’ve done to Tony for almost this whole past year.”
Tony bit his lips nervously, but with just a shy bit of confidence repeated, “We need a break whether permanently or temporarily we’ll see. However, I think we need to reevaluate this relationship and the benefit of-”
“Yes, the colors were rather exquisite,” Marley, a thirteen year girl, voiced in a heavy English accent.
The only ones remaining were Steve and Tony. Both were tired, but were unwilling to leave each other’s company just quite yet. Tony told FRIDAY to play another movie something along the lines of what they had been watching. Tony was the first to fall asleep his head tilted awkwardly against the couch.
Steve harshly pushed Ryder away and wiped at the blood on his face. Ryder fell a few steps away and hunched over, eyes alight with malice.
His heart thundered in his chest. His fingers trembled with the need to reach onto anything. But Bucky was right, now wasn’t the time. Not when Tony needed him.
“Ryder made me a lot of promises. Promises to be better and never hurt me the way others have. He promised to stay and that’s the only promise that I wished that he had never fulfilled.”
Natasha and Bucky followed Steve out of the room. Once far enough away, Steve turned to the two of them. Natasha searched his eyes and placed a hand on his shoulder. Bucky did the same to the other free shoulder. The three of them looked at one another and seemed to come to a silent agreement.
“Bucky was brainwashed. You’re doing this on your own sick fucking accord,” Tony felt the need to defend. “And I certainly don’t love you. I never did and I will never forgive
“Then stay. You’re protecting my hea…fuck just stay,” Tony said trying not to make it sound like he was pleading. “Stay Steve. I’ll give you two whole floors if you need space. If you really want to protect me, stay.”
“Okay, boss. Okay,” Happy said, kneeling down to Tony and holding him in his arms. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
“Yeah, this letter just seems like a guy who feels like there’s competition,” Sam noted. “Doesn’t really seem like his letter has that much merit.”
“Like hell I will,” Steve growled, upper lip curling upward. He rammed Isak into the wall and bent down so his forehead was only a hair width’s apart separating them. “I’ll be damned if I let you go anywhere near him. I know you’re not Isak, Ryder.”
Cali clenched her jaw. “When the scars are born out of survival, yes. When the scars are born out of hate and chaos, there is nothing wonderful about that.”
The two looked at each other for a few seconds, before Clint turned back around to face the movie. When the movie ended, Tony stood up taking orders of what people wanted from the kitchen, while teasing Steve for crying at Mufasa’s death.
So I figure since you all have been so amazing and open with me, I thought I would share just a little bit of myself. Recently, my aunt passed because she just couldn't find anything in this world to keep her going. It knocked me off of my feet because seeing someone lose the battle that you've been struggling with is f'ing terrifying. What's even more heartbreaking is thinking to yourself, "She stopped and the way she did it would be all too easy." And that kept me up at night because I thought I was getting better. Everything was rainbows and sunshine and I felt like that sadness was defeated, you know? Because it just feels wrong, the way I was raised to let emotions take control of me like that.
Once Tony was gone, the two stared at each other in silence neither wanting to give the other their attention. However, the tension created enough conversation for them. Ryder turned his eyes downward to Steve who was still sitting down.
When he woke up, he found himself lying down on a bed. He noticed, however; with somewhat satisfaction that he was able to move freely. He pushed his legs over the bed and did a mental inspection of his body. He was bare except for his underwear and a thin white shirt. There were no bruises on his body. He breathed out a sigh of relief and ran his fingers through his hair then over his arm. His fingers ran over a small bump and he looked down to see a purple patch that was slowly growing gray.
Miles looked up at them and seemed to contemplate the decision, before saying proudly, “No, I have to be grow up and be tall so I can ride the rollercoaster Peter and Harley ride. Sorry, dad.”
Tony’s eyes widened at his arms and Bucky instinctively drew his arms back. He had forgotten that although his arm had been replaced in Wakanda what they represented was still death. He had killed Tony’s parents with these arms.
Natasha stopped him by raising a hand. She shook her head twice and let out a heavy exhale. “No, you don’t speak. You don’t make excuses. Nothing can excuse you from leaving Tony again after you
He felt a cold cloth being pressed into his hand. He took it without bothering to see if it was Bucky or Clint who had given it to him. He wiped his face, took a few calming breaths, and with the nerve of steel he walked back into the room.
Steve’s arms tightened and he rested his chin on top of Tony’s head, content to watch his family and friends with Tony.
“It’s not possible for us to paint Ryder in a bad light, when he did that all for himself. This is what he did to Tony. There were probably more before him. He left these bruises. He was the one that kept Tony and tortured him.”
“Says the guy who once said he’d never leave a fight. Says the guy who told me that once he found the person he loved, he would hold tight to them and never let them go. Where’s that person Steve? Huh? Where is he?”
“And you can. There’s a lot of things you can do Bekah. When you get discharged, I’m sure that you-”
One of the girls in the little black widows spy corporation tugged on Tony’s pants leg. Tony looked down at her. Other girls in the group, about nine of them, also gathered around Tony.
He grabbed his coat jacket and left his room. He quickly went to the kitchen hoping to briefly say hello to Tony, before he left. However, Clint who had just been leaving the gym, told him that Tony had left a few minutes ago. Steve held in his disappointment.
Rhodey raised an eyebrow toward her in question. Pepper merely shrugged and continued to try reading her novel. If she focused on one passage too long…well it’s not like she was reading this for an assignment.
“There’s no reason to be sorry. Here, come here,” Steve said coming closer. He kept his hands in front of him this time, so as to not frighten Tony away.
Steve ran his fingers through his hair and let out a small huff of laughter. Reaching out, he squeezed Bucky’s shoulder in comfort. “You’ll let me know, if you need anything. Yeah?”
Fury straightened his shoulders at the threat. Realizing that Steve fully intended to go through with the threat if tested, Fury looked at the rest of the people in the room and saw the agreeance on their faces.
He would do anything to protect those he loved, but most of all Tony. He couldn’t even imagine to know all of what Tony wanted but he had gotten fairly good at figuring out how his facial expressions translated to what he was trying to say.
Tony had to assure him that Tony knew when to stop and with the insistence of adding a safeword just in case, the two had now grown more comfortable in initiating things like this.
He looked on sadly as Miles burst into tears, when Tony told him he had to leave for a few days. Miles cried inconsolably into Tony’s neck and Tony had to leave the ballroom for nearly twenty minutes, before he returned a sleeping Miles to Natasha. It seemed as though he had quite literally cried himself to sleep.
“Alright come on lover boy let’s empty out this party,” Natasha said linking her arm through Steve’s.
“Steve,” she yelled just loud enough to know that Steve could pick up her voice. “If you are not out here in the next twenty seconds, your head will not be attached to your neck.”
The two rushed forward pulling Tony down onto his knees. “Close the door. My sister seems to have formed an attachment and I would much rather her sentimentalism not be fed into my ears right now. Do you know what you did wrong?”
“So today I asked Julia out to the spring dance next month and she said yes. I got a 100 on my group presentation. I’m fairly certain I may finally be passing English lit. Oh and they served burgers today at lunch. And last but not least dad…today is the greatest day for you like ever…well besides the day you adopted me and Miles,” Harley rushed out. “But seriously Julia said yes guys.”
“Captain,” FRIDAY repeated, patiently awaiting Steve’s answer. “Would you still like me to send a transmit to the Director at the Raft enabling the kill switch?”
He didn’t want to think about that, but his mind couldn’t help but stray to those thoughts. Would Tony ever be able to look at him without immediately thinking of Siberia or having nightmares the same way that Steve has had?
Tony inhaled deeply and shook his head once, allowing his head to fall against Steve’s shoulder. He shrugged his shoulders and heaved a heavy sigh.
Steve shook his head, remembering those first few months. “Then I had these moments where I was back with the Commandos and when I woke up I was back here in this seemingly new world. It was like I was kept reminding myself that it was my fault I had lost everything. I mean I had went in that plane intending to die and suddenly I was alive and I didn’t know how to deal with it. I didn’t want to deal with it.”
“I gave him Tony’s schedule. I informed him of everything about how you all disbanded and helped him see that he could finally get the form of vengeance he had been seeking. I told Ryder that you all were on his tail, all the same time that you were coming to get Tony. I was the reason Ryder was able to leave and kill Isak. I’m the reason a mother is a widow and her children are fatherless now.”
“No…I’m…sorry. Sorry, you all had to hear that. I didn’t want that. You all, I never wanted…” Tony stuttered, falling all over his words. He didn’t know how all of that had spun so out of his control. The end result was fine, but getting there. He hadn’t known Ryder would try explaining everything.
Steve saw from the corner of his eye Natasha coming toward him. He wondered how much she had heard. She leaned down to whisper something to Miles and watched as FRIDAY directed Miles to go to his room and wait for Natasha to return. Natasha stalked over to where Tony was. Before she was able to reach him, Tony looked at Steve once more.
“I’m not. Okay, well maybe a little. But that was back when I was in high school. Experimented a bit, but it didn’t get me going. But hey Tony this guy has a pretty face. I’m sorry if that’s inappropriate,” Isak apologized.
Steve left the lab quietly as the two continued to go back and forth and made note to thank Shuri later for taking Peter’s mind off of things. When Peter came back into the kitchen later at night to retrieve his dinner plate, Steve passed him on his way placing a hand on his shoulder comfortingly before disappearing into his room. He didn’t bring to attention the backwards shirt that barely concealed the bit of his Spiderman suit.
Natasha turned a heavy expression of guilt to Steve. Steve waved off the guilt and told her softly. “It’s fine Nat. I know you didn’t mean it, but I think it might be better if I go talk to him.”
As promised here is your Saturday update. Enjoy and please feel free to leave a kudo, bookmark, comment, etc. :)
“How can I fight you, if I’m at an unfair advantage?” Ryder questioned motioning to his tied up legs and arms.
Steve squared his shoulder and looked away from her. He clenched his jaw. “This needs to happen for Tony to understand. If he realizes that this negatively affects him, then he’ll reject the Accords. He always looked out for himself. I’m just disappointed I didn’t try Clint’s way before.”
Ryder turned on another lamp in the room and then turned his gaze toward Tony. Tony opened his mouth to say something, anything. But Ryder’s stern and unheated glare convinced him to do otherwise. It was a look he had received from his dad on many occasions. That look landed him in the hospital a few times.
Later, Tony would wonder if wishing death upon someone in that way was justified. Later just wasn’t going to be in any near future.
Steve shrugged a shoulder and pulled his body to the ground so he could sit down. Bucky followed the action and mirrored Tony’s position.
He mulled over this and remained in there for a few more minutes coming to the conclusion that while he hadn’t been able to articulate perfectly what he wanted, he finally knew what he needed to do. He needed to stop thinking of Tony as a brother that could be removed from the family like some twice removed cousin. He was family and he would remain that way. Clint just had to treat him like such.
“Spiderman. And yes. We do not require that you reveal your secret identities to us. Of course that doesn’t really pertain to you all seeing as though your faces have been plastered on the television to show the faces of those who made civilians clean up your mess,” Isa drawled darkly.
Tony’s felt frozen. This was the first time Ryder had referenced back to his time at the unnamed place. The two of them had as if by silent agreement vowed to not talk about it again and so Ryder’s flippant disregard to what happened had Tony feeling shaken up. But he turned toward the camera and flipped his media smile on.
The Avengers filtered in and out of the waiting room and into Tony’s, until finally Steve was the last one to go visit.
Tony’s eyes grew bright with anger. “Fuck you Rogers. Just fuck you,” he hoarsely cried out. “Just fucking. Fuck.”
And I wanted so much for this chapter to be light and happy. Unfortunately, there was no way with the mental state I was in that I could deliver a chapter like that. So I took some time off. So thank you all for being patient. I love each and everyone of you.
He barely managed to restrain the need to pull back. Ryder’s cheek pressed against his. His soft breathing fell hotly across his cheek. Tony moved his head slightly just so he wouldn’t be in such close proximity to Ryder.
“So…you know how I re-met Ryder, but I didn’t really let on how much it went to shit. I thought here’s one of my old friends from college and I had a crush on him. No one was really here with me. Pepper was handling SI and Ryder was recovering. You all were gone. And it was just me.”
Supposed she had figured out for herself he wasn’t worth saving. After all her visits to his room had been few. It seemed recently she was always gone. He didn’t know why he expected her to stay.
“And what about you? You want someone nice and clean-cut,” Steve said, pushing forward a second finger and delighting in the way Tony’s face was always so expressive with pleasure. Steve curled his finger a little higher, one hand settling on Tony’s waist to keep him in still.
“My dad left us, when I was younger. People said he was a good man, but how does a good man leave his family? So it was always just me and my mom.”
“Oh, thank goodness because you know I was wondering how long I could go without like directly asking you.”
“Yeah,” Harley said. “None of this is your fault, so you don’t have to like ya know apologize. That’s not what we want. Honestly, we just came because we missed you. Steve’s not as fun to play UNO with, when you’re not there.”
“That’s fine. Tell Happy to drive you,” Tony told him. “And make sure that you tell me when you make it there safely and when you’re on your way back.”
Steve smiled as he put the smaller pot away. “Yeah. And what do you mean if I know how to make spaghetti?”
“That! That has been your behavior for goodness sake Clint. You’ve been acting as though everything is an annoyance to you. You have been sauntering around Tony like he’s beneath you. You are behaving like he is the reason for everything that has gone wrong in your life. Clint that is a lot to place onto one person,” Natasha rasped.
Isak tapped his fingers against his thigh. “Don’t tell me you can truly say you don’t deserve time after what you’ve done. First ruining our family and experimenting on those people with whatever at the CMPNY. Those patients you have, while being a doctor are your lab rats.”
Tony shook his head, clearing his thoughts. Steve did not like the media smile that broke off on his face.
Isa turned fiery eyes toward the other individuals, but said nothing to them. Instead she choose to look at Tony and address him.
All the while Tony’s thoughts circulated in his head, a frown was marring his features. Bucky assumed all of this was directed toward him and Steve leaned forward to rest a heavy hand on Bucky’s shoulder.
“No, I am just trying to put things into perspective. It’s just hard to imagine you welcoming them in with open arms and forgiving them. I thought you brought them all back in hopes of getting the Accords signed.”
Tony languidly stretched his body, arms wrapping themselves around Miles. His bleary eyes settled warmly on Bucky. Ryder didn’t seem to miss this and placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
[1] Jeg burde ikke ha igjen med ham. Hvorfor skulle han gjøre dette til meg?   : I shouldn’t have left with him. Why would he do this to me?
Tony cleared his throat and blinked away a threat of tears. “You pulled me back. You reminded me how much family I have and I’m so forever grateful because you kept being my motivation to push forward. You stepped in for playdates with my kids when Steve had to rush me to my therapist for a session because I was sinking. You both helped bring me out of panic attacks, when I remembered just why I was starting this non-profit.”
He couldn’t throw a fit over people who didn’t stay. He should have taken all of the words that people often told him. He should have realized the moment his dad suggested his mom abort him that he would never had someone who wanted him.
May smiled and adjusted the glasses on her face. “Okay, and you remember to call me if anything goes wrong. And I mean anything. I don’t care if it’s an allergic reaction, you call me.”
Tony leaned down to look Miles in the eye. “I promise I’m not leaving. If I’m taking too long come into Karen’s office and get me, okay?”
He couldn’t feel his body respond to the touch and there was a growing fear that he couldn’t move. He opened his mouth to form a complaint, but could only offer inarticulate slurred words. He tried pushing himself from Ryder, but only managed to lift his hand and have it fall it onto Ryder’s thigh.
“And I just kept thinking how this all wouldn’t have happened if you had trusted me…if you had really cared about me even as a teammate. But I was never that for you and it was my fault for assuming. I just…I don’t know maybe it was the way that Howard would always tell me stories about how great you were and how honorable that I put you on a high pedestal. Surely this great and honorable person wouldn’t lie about the truth of one of his teammate’s parents’ death. But you did.”
Before the funnel cake even reached the trash can, Steve swooped in and grabbed it. “No need to waste good food.”
For once Steve was finally getting a response. He saw the way his eyes darkened and clouded over with malice. His hands twitched in the cuffs and Steve noticed the discomfort settling in his body.
“I want to talk to you,” Tony said, his forehead pressed against Steve’s neck. “I do…I just don’t know how.”
Isa continued her passionate speech spurred on by the speechlessness in Steve’s expression and the others shrinking in on themselves. For a moment she hopes FRIDAY is recording this all so she can show Tony later.
He reached over to his desk and grabbed that piece of paper. He read the script on it and he felt weighed down. His eyes couldn’t help processing the letters that formed words, which burned in the back of Steve’s mind. He kept reading it over and over, torturing himself.
“Did you even wash your hands you heathen. And yes I am making biscuits again because cooking for two super soldiers is hard and biscuits are easy to make in large portions. Besides I don’t see you coming to help make them. So you don’t get to complain.”
But hearing that it wasn’t his fault from someone who was directly affected by his actions…that made his chest lighten. Bucky just didn’t know if he deserved to feel this. He wanted to tell Tony so, but Tony kept on talking.
“Can you reach that point where you can turn back?” Steve questioned angrily. “Sure, it wouldn’t trigger the Winter Soldier?”
Miriam rolled her eyes then redirected her attention to Tony. “I do apologize for my sister. She is awfully sentimental about these things sometimes.”
Wanda still had her tortured expression and allowed herself to be led away by Vision. Once they were gone, the remaining three walked through the hallway. They made sure to check every room and were about to turn around and check the other side of the hallways, before they heard a door open and shut.
His eyes narrowed as he watched Isak shift uneasily in his seat. His hands were clasped tightly in front of him, eyes darting back and forth from Steve to the door. He licked his lips once and then twice, before letting out a breath of air. The actions repeated.
His body shook with the effort and Steve continued to slowly grind his fingers into him as he came down. His body twitched a little at the oversensitivity and what could that say about him that he wanted one more…wanted that last one with Steve coming inside of him.
He wanted to prepare the greatest meal for Tony. He wanted Tony to create a playlist of songs, constantly telling Steve his own was outdated, while secretly listening to them in his lab. He wanted to take Tony out and wrap his arm over his shoulder, bringing him closer as they walked to their destination. He wanted to tell Tony more about himself. He wanted to hear more about Tony, more than what could be found in papers and more than what Tony had told him in that hospital garden.
Tony didn’t know how long he stayed there yelling and crying, but soon his voice tapered out into harsh breaths calming himself back down. He was so focused that he didn’t even notice by then Happy had gotten out of his car to come to Tony.
All of the others stared at him silently, not even knowing how to approach any of what Thor had just confessed. This was fairly similar to the time Thor jokingly told them how Loki had tried poisoning Thor’s bathwater, when they were children. He knew sibling rivalry was a thing, but with Thor and Loki it just seemed…well Tony didn’t know quite how to describe it. However, it seemed like things were shifting between the two of them with the recent development from their homeland and displacement.
He blinked his eyes from the tears that were gathering, as he continued thinking of that night that led to him putting a pause to his therapy sessions with Dr. Sana. He’ll never forget how readily he agreed to Ryder’s suggestions and advices of trusting him instead of some stranger who Ryder claimed could never truly know him.
When Tony woke up for the second time that night, it was to the soft snoring of Miles. Blearily he opened his eyes, accustomed to the small weight pressed against his side. The soft puffs of air in the forms of snores, rested against his neck. Tony looked down at Miles’ sleeping face and brushed back a few curls that were clinging to his cheeks. He leant over and kissed his forehead, before bringing his eyes to rest up at the ceiling again.
“Hey, sorry I kind of hung up on you like that,” Tony said yawning into his shirt. “Some lady was talking to Miles and I had to go get him.”
“The Accords will be signed. Tony has reformed it, while keeping in mind your concerns. Listen when you have people in authority there has to be a means of keeping them checked. You will still have full agency over your actions, but there needs to be some sort of rules. The people normal day civilians are weary of an authority who can essentially do anything they want without repercussions. They have seen that played out in the past and it never seemed to go well for the normal citizen.”
Miles looked back with red eyes. “Don’t know. I turned to get more candy and then I went back and he was gone. I lost baba. Baba’s gone again.”
He shouldn’t be scared of some little children, but little children who felt the need to carry out justice carried a lot of anger. The smallest, Maia, had managed to pierce a ballpoint pin into his calf muscle. He winced as he watched her tiny legs run off.
“You can make this accusations all you want, but you have no proof…unless,” Isak sighed. “No, you would never agree to that. I would be of course a fool to think that is possible, but it would ease your worries and allow me to go back home to see my wife of course.”
“Trust me and no one else. Promise me this. I’ll protect you,” Ryder had spoken, running his hands though Tony’s curls. “Trust me. Anytime you need help, I’ll be here. You don’t need to run off to anyone else to help fix you. I’m all you need. Right, baby?”
And he noticed that this was all happening because of Tony. Tony had made all of this happen and he had the sudden urge to tell him and express just how thankful he was for Tony getting them all here, because he was certain he was the only possible person with the power to do so.
Bucky felt his neck become damp as Steve continued crying to the point where his cries sounded like wheezing. If Bucky wasn’t certain that the serum had cured his asthma, Bucky would have been rushing Steve over to medical.
Steve shook his head. “I know. I know, you forgive me. I know we’ve talked and we’ve developed a strong communication. We’ve grown into one another. I’ve molded the best parts of myself into loving you. When I got the serum, Dr. Erskine said I was a good man. I don’t know, if I ever truly believed him. But with you I try my hardest in being that good man, someone deserving of the love you freely give to others.”
Tony punched at his chest and Steve let him. Steve stayed still as he let those hits meet his chest. He had never wished so much that those blows could actually hurt and leave some real damage. Though Steve knew that while they wouldn’t leave a bruise on his skin, they would certainly leave a bruise on his heart.
Bruce would be sitting down at the bottom of the bed, his face in his hands and going through a meditative mantra. Natasha kept a foot against his back to keep him grounded, to keep him aware that he was still there with them. Thor, whenever he was able to break away from his other duties and Loki, came to the room, knelt by Natasha’s side, and began braiding her hair. Natasha sometimes leant into the touch, but only when she was so tired that she had become unconscious of her own responses. Loki had surprisingly come by sometimes when Thor came and would just silently look on, his mouth tilted in either deep annoyance or deep concern.
“Yeah, and hopefully if this one’s successful hopefully I can set up another one near SI’s HQ in Malibu.”
“Of course not,” Harley said as if Peter had offended him. “And I told him so, but then he kept talking and well I pushed him.”
“Fuck,” Natasha whispered to herself. “What did they give you Tony? Can you tell me what they gave you? What these patches are?”
“Would you rather have the chance of saying goodbye or rather regret never being able to have the chance to say goodbye,” the doctor questioned. “I would much rather Harley be the chance to say goodbye to his mother before she passes.”
“Um, well Ryder came in shortly after we sat down and reminded Tony that they had a date so,” Steve trailed of as he stared at his shoes. “I mean Tony definitely would rather be here than with Ryder, but I understand not wanting to let Ryder down in public. Though I wished that Ryder was out of the picture sooner than later. I mean this night was going to be really good, the start of something I could tell.”
Steve placed the black folder on his lap, stretched out his legs, and then crossed them at the ankles. He let an easy smile cross his face, hoping to ease the tension settling in his room. He thought idly of pulling Isak into this false sense of security. His mind was still having trouble adjusting to thinking of Ryder as Isak, but for now he would stick with calling him Isak. Play some part in this game, until his hand was revealed.
Marley shuffled closer to Kevin and pinched her nose, her reason being that she didn’t want to smell Kevin.
No, Ryder was not like Bucky. He could not be saved. He had no chance of redemption and Steve would be damned, if for a second Isak would believe that there was a chance for Ryder to feel an inkling of forgiveness whether it be in life or death.
“Okay, okay,” Natasha said, moving away from Bruce and sliding her hands out of his. “Okay, that’s fine. Whatever you need. But maybe let’s just get out of this room, okay? I don’t think anyone of us want to look at Ryder, right now.”
Tony walked into the bathroom and wrapped himself around Tony’s waist. “Fine, but no funny business mister.”
“I’ve been known to be wrong on many occasions,” Steve quipped. “Anyone who says you can’t be a good father doesn’t know you. The way you love Miles so unconditionally is amazing to watch. I mean the moment I saw him with you, I could just see the genuine care. Miles really does seem to adore you.”
“I know you’re not, but your baba is a busy man and he needs all the rest he can get. Do you think you can be a good boy and let him sleep for just a little longer?”
Though Tony always knew that Steve loved and knew him inside-out, his heart always managed to grow infinitely larger when he remembered the smaller things. He took the sparkling cider that Steve had offered and raised his hand up.
Ryder looked on with his mouth parted. Tears were now flowing freely down Tony’s cheek. Ryder immediately went toward him and tried wiping away his tears. Tony pushed his hand away and began to curl into himself, humiliated that he had been reduced to his crying fumbling mess. The panic attack that he had at the Gala had left him emotionally unhinged. Usually he was better at building back the walls, but to be so sharply pulled out of an attack from Ryder…it was disconcerting.
“Ladies, come on. We don’t have to do this. I’ll be honest with you. Okay, I had a hard time getting sober and I’m pretty proud of where I am at in my life right now. I don’t want to go back to that place.”
FRIDAY scanned the images and Steve’s eyes focused harder on the images as if hoping by some grace he would see a familiar one. And that he did.
“I don’t like it when I wake up. Do I have to wake up this time? In my dream, dream Steve finds me always. When I wake up, he doesn’t.” Tony said. “I wake up just as we leave this room. I don’t know what’s outside of it anymore.”
Tony smiled brightly. “You’re right sugarplum. That’s why I love you. Alright see you all soon! Be safe getting home.”
But if he were to ask why, he would be placing control back into Ryder’s hands. For once, he wanted to not do that.
“It’s not our fault we have to keep a separate group message to discuss your relationships, since you tell us two nothing,” Tony reprimanded. “And we are extremely hurt by this. We want to know more about your love life. It’s like watching a live-action Hallmark movie. Wounded soldier nursed back to health by a beautiful lady, who wants to instill in the soldier the love of Christmas again. But the soldier has lost all hope. However, Nurse Miranda discovers that she is going to nurse him back to health and back to the joys of Christmas.”
“Do you want us to stay? I could be nearby,” Steve suggested not really wanting to leave Tony alone. He didn’t exactly know how Ryder would react. It couldn’t be bad, but it wouldn’t hurt to get Tony away if Ryder started yelling at Tony.
Tony’s eyes widened and he choked on air. He tried clearing his throat as he watched the woman look on in concern. He waved off the worry and the woman’s expression cleared just lightly.
“I am completely on board with that,” Steve said. Then he brought his glass and poured some sparkling cider in it.
But Steve wasn’t the better that Tony needed. He had proof that he wasn’t every time Tony raised his hands to his arc reactor, when he saw Steve. He had proof, when sometimes Tony’s smiled dimmed as he raised a hand to rest on his shoulder or made a sudden movement toward him. Tony had always been openly affectionate and gravitating toward touch. It’s almost poetic how the first time Steve actually wanted to reach out and touch, Tony pulled away.
She cracked the door and yelled inside, ““Honey, someone’s at the door for you. You know you look just like my husband, if he were to grow his hair out a little bit,” she said leaning against the front door. She turned her head aside and hoped he couldn’t see the whole mess that was her house.  “I am awfully sorry for all the mess. The kids still haven’t grasped the concept of cleaning up after themselves.”
He kicked out and was satisfied to see Jack’s jaw lock at the hit. The woman ran to the door and locked it, placing the key in her back pocket. She angrily looked at him.
And Steve had respected that and so when Tony asked him on a date four months ago, ready to try once again they opened their hearts up to one another one more time. They knew there was love there, but Tony was never quite sure how to bring those words up knowing the weight and power they held.
Tony slowly noticed the effects of the tea as he felt his eyes closing. He hoped this time he could actually sleep through the night, without waking up for the second time. At least he knew that with his nightmares the only thing that he would first do is freeze, so he had no chance of waking his kids up.
“Gee thanks,” Steve teased. “It was just what I was going for. I’ve been training my beard all my life for this moment.”
Conversations went on around him as he looked around and chewed on his bottom lip. He was certain that Wanda had been talking to him, but at a certain point realized that he had grown disinterested and returned to speaking to Vision. He had made a quick apology and Wanda waved it away smiling.
Tony was so weak from the lack of food, the patches, and the drink with the dissolved pill being forced on him that his body didn’t even resist to the push. Ryder watched as Tony’s body fell back against the bed.
“I’m so sorry, but I need to go back home right now. Harley just called saying Miles is coming down with a fever and you know with him having sickle cell and asthma I just have to be cautious. But look enjoy your meal, okay? Can you get my stuff to go?” Tony rushed out hurriedly. “I’m so sorry, but I need to go check and make sure Miles is okay.”
“Excuse me Mr. Stark, I have a delivery for you,” a man greeted coming up on the four. He was dressed in a black suit, shades adorning his face, and a bouquet of roses and a letter. Walking closer he held out the items to Tony.
Tony shook his head. “No, this is a dream. It’s always a dream. When I wake up, you’ll be gone and he’ll be there. He’s always there. It’s okay…Nat why are you sad? You’re never sad in my dreams.”
Despite what any of them would say later, Tony did not limp to his lab. No, he walked gracefully there. The throbbing in his right big toe was not from stubbing it on a wall. Rather it was the cause of the numbness, from not walking around in a bit, setting in. He certainly was not going to address how both Natasha and Clint shifted closer to them, shoulders a hair width’s apart, when Tony noticeably started growing more tired. Unfortunately, Tony was never the one to outwardly address he needed support. So while he knew it was there, he couldn’t find it in his behavior to rest a hand on Clint’s shoulder to shift the weight off his throbbing leg or to ask Natasha if they could slow down because the pain in his ribs was fucking tearing him apart.
“Shhh, shhh, Miles,” Tony said rocking them. “I’m not dead. I’m right here. Who told you that I had died?”
Steve breathed and gathered his thoughts. “I’ve done a lot in ways of hurting myself, hurting others, hurting you that I will live a thousand lifetimes in order to
Without even becoming aware of it, Tony had slowly gravitated toward Steve, who was now standing from his position beside the chair.
After two hours of hunting down the little black widows, everyone had decided they needed a break. It was almost everyone’s nap time or for the older kids it was time to do homework. So they all went to their study rooms until it was time to start putting up decorations.
“I mean I am a celebrity figure Peter. It all comes with the territory,” said Tony ruffling Peter’s hair.
She handed him a bottle full of the brown liquid. Tony figured nothing could be worse than all the alcohol he just drank…unless this was poison. Cali seemed to see his train of though and grabbed the bottle. She took a sip of it then handed it to Tony.
His heart thundered with the idea of him confessing of the bruises left behind, the stinging words slapped against his face, and the nights of hoping Ryder would get the night shift.
“Why exactly do we need legal counsel especially from someone who is not involved with our situation? Tony is telling us since he’s the one who’s been advocating that we sign the Accords,” Steve began looking briefly at Tony, who was still trying to gather himself.
“Is this all? You got your confession. And yet you’re still here. Clearly, you want more. Perhaps you would like another go around with me.”
He couldn’t get on that field, potentially putting his life on the line again, knowing that Steve hadn’t trusted him. He had known what that distrust felt like. He had known it since Ultron and eventually he had known with the events with Bucky.
Tony scowled. “I did nothing wrong. I’m just trying to get away from you crazy people. Look I don’t know what type of hold Ryder…”
They had all journeyed to the kitchen and wanted to see if Tony would pass by. Once a few minutes had passed without seeing Tony, Natasha asked, “FRIDAY is Tony in the-”
Sharon raised her eyebrow then smoothed her expression. “A little while ago. Ah, Senator Evans wanted to introduce you to his daughter. He said he’d like for her to intern at SI and was hoping she could introduce herself and maybe talk with you briefly.”
Steve blinked owlishly not really sure how to approach this situation. He was pretty sure he wasn’t fit to deal with any of this. Yet he didn’t want to risk leaving the room and he truly wanted to understand and try to help the kid.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“Oh, boy wonder here to join the fun. I am delighted to admit, that we’re actually quite done here. Seems your time is up,” Ryder said cheekily.
Tony looked up, an achingly brilliant smile delighting his features. His eyes softened as he took in Steve’s loving expression. Reaching his hand upward, he pulled Steve’s chin toward him and placed a gentle kiss on the side of his lips. He withdrew for a second, before resting his head on Steve’s chest.
“Sorry,” Steve rasped unsure of what he should do. He wanted to grab the medkit in the medicine cabinet and fix Tony’s hands. Those hands created many of the most brilliant things Steve had been introduced to in the 21
A few minutes later, while the two were discussing penguins Tony’s eyes blinked open. He stared at the two and allowed a soft smile to fall onto his face. His fingers that were still intertwined with Steve’s squeezed slightly once then twice. Steve turned to him, once he felt the movement and squeezed back. The two shared shy smiles and Tony let Steve’s smile carry him back into slumber.
Once they laid together, Ryder had actually paid attention to giving him gentle affection. Tony could never forget how his body froze at Ryder’s hands moving toward his collarbone, before smooth hands ran over bruised collarbones, leaving behind a thin layer of lavender scented oil. Ryder looked down at Tony and kissed the fingerprints he had left on Tony’s neck.
“Sorry about that. Ryder wanted to tell me about his progress,” Tony explained laughing. “Alright I am ready for my funnel cake.”
Tony frowned and swiped his thump over his bottom lip in contemplation. Steve followed the movement and his eyes grew slightly fevered. Tony noticed the change and quickly brought his hand into his pants pocket. Glaring at Steve, he went to his desk and then turned back around.
Bucky rammed his elbow into Steve’s ribs and Steve let out a gasp. Steve rolled over and stared at Bucky.
“Well, you better ask Michelle out. Hmm, now I’m thinking of making you go with me to Coachella. Yes, we can take lots of pictures and I will pick out all of your clothes. Because frankly what are thoooose!”
“Bucky,” he said thinking that Bucky had left something in the kitchen. So turning around he was fully expecting to see his face. But what he wasn’t expecting was seeing Tony’s face looking back at him. “Tony? What…I thought you were with Ryder.”
Tony stood up, but before he could even turn around every one of his team, family, and friends came tumbling outside.
It had been hard getting Miles to not stay attached to Tony’s hip, when May had brought him back. Tony couldn’t hardly blame him. He didn’t want to stray too far away from his bambino either. So he had allowed Miles to sleep in between Steve and himself for those past few weeks.
“You don’t even know what good shows are on the television right now! So why do you even care about controlling the remote,” Clint stressed out.
Ryder kept on trying to get Tony to stop going to Dr. Sana arguing that he was doing so well and how was he actually supposed to see his progress, if he couldn’t do anything on his own. Tony had pushed Ryder away and disagreed saying Dr. Sana was part of the progress he was making.
Tony winked. “It’s so funny, just a few hours earlier in the day you were saying how you couldn’t wait to eat-”
“Oh, do tell Tony I hope he gets a good night’s rest. Perhaps, he could take a trip to the Winston estate in California and relax a bit,” he said, eyes bright with mischief. “I heard the place is…transformative.”
Ryder moved his chair closer to Tony. He moved his head to the side, inquisitively. He gave a second pause. It was a second too long because it suddenly had Tony thinking that maybe he had gone too far. Maybe he just shouldn’t have come here and quite possibly they could have found out a way to lock his ass up some other way.
Steve laughed, a soothing sound in his throat before leaning further up on his elbows and pressing a quick kiss to Tony’s neck. Tony’s cheeks grew warm at the gesture, still getting used to romantic affection.
It had felt pleasant being reminded how he felt wanted and needed and to not have someone leave. But the way Ryder needed and wanted him felt wrong. The reasons that Ryder stayed felt stifling.
“I love him like family you know,” Steve whispered, chest burning with his admission to Natasha. “And I thought so many bad things have happened in his life if I could just protect him from this one thing…this terrible thing I could finally protect him.”
Steve swore to him up and down that he would kill anyone who dare even suggested that Tony or anyone else in that case ever deserved to be abused. Tony had talked him down out of that, but still rested with the fact that he didn’t want anyone knowing what he had been through.
Isa noticed Clint’s and Bucky’s own unease about therapy and decided to ease the tension. “Look as a legal counsel for the Accords, I think that therapy would be the best for you all moving forward. It doesn’t have to be about you all exposing yourselves. It does not mean testing of any sort. No needles, no brainwashing of the sort, no trying to change your entire identity,” she answered looking directly at Bucky when she said all of this.
He looked at the two and they looked exactly like a couple you would see in some magazine talking about healthy relationships. Evan was leaning back in his chair and his wife had her hand placed over his knee.
He said this with such desperation and Rhodey reared back at the sound of desperation and just pure loss in his friend’s voice.
“Before you say anything, I’ll have you know I got eight full hours of sleep last night. I went to bed early, so my clock is all out of wack and I had this brilliant idea for new specs for the Iron Man suit. Like there was this dent in the shoulder mechanism that shouldn’t have even existed and I think that whatever hit it was just a little more durable. So I need to make sure that doesn’t happen….ohhhh or I could make another element and see if-”
And he couldn’t find himself back into this living room because somehow all of those memories were easier to face then tuning into Clint’s questioning and Steve’s silent acceptance.
“No, I deserve this Raft here. Steve you don’t know even half of the things I’ve done for the CMPNY or for Ryder.”
“No, Bucky I’d love for you to come,” Steve reassured. “Also it’ll do some good to get you out and back acclimated into civilization.”
Peter seemed to grow tired of the silence and Tony not answering. “I mean I thought we were family and family is supposed to trust each other. I…I don’t know why…crap my thoughts are scattered and I’m just fucking upset that we almost lost you and I didn’t even get the chance to ask if you wouldn’t mind me calling you Uncle Tony because I see you as this key figure in my life. I thought it’s all gone. Here’s another person in my life gone. And again I don’t know why.”
The air that whipped around his face was colder than what Steve had grown used to. It was definitely a change to the warm weather in Wakanda. However, Steve welcomed this brisk cold with open arms because this was home. They were finally going back
He had never been given a stuffed animal before. His dad had said if he couldn’t sleep without a teddy bear than perhaps he shouldn’t be sleeping at all and that was after he had ridiculed him from asking his mom could he have a teddy bear like his friend, Mara, had at show-in-tell.
Sharon raised an eyebrow. “No, I wasn’t. You’d have better be lucky it wasn’t anything of importance or I would have been highly offended,” she teased lightly. “What has you looking like a lost puppy?”
Whenever Pepper was free from keeping things together at SI she would come to the room, look at who was on the bed and approach. Steve would always move to the center of the bed, so Pepper could move behind him and close her eyes to fall asleep. Later Steve realized that Pepper had dibs on that side, Tony allowing her to have it whenever she came to him. Rarely, if ever Pepper got to the point where she just caved in and needed the comfort of someone else near her, but she knew that when she did she always had Tony to go to.
The voice hummed lowly. “So I suppose you need to make sure you are a more permeant fixture in Stark’s life in order to continue your plan.”
“Now if this isn’t just a wonderful domestic photo op for some family magazine,” Clint dryly asserted. “Finally living out your childhood dreams of having a normal family, right Stark?”
“It’s resistant if extreme values, basically very small or large values, relative to the data do not affects its value substantially,” Peter easily explained.
Tony wanted to rip the pleased expression right off of his face. The images that were supplied in his conscious were satisfying.
Peter moved his head to the side, offering Tony his profile before directing his attention straightforward. “Why did you tell us that if we had a bully to come to you, or talk to you. After that meeting with Principal Davis you sat both me and Harley down to explain how we shouldn’t allow ourselves to be silenced by bullies, speak to someone if we’re in trouble, and all of this bullshit…when you didn’t even come to anyond about what was happening to you.”
Steve lost the sentiment of the tease, instead choosing to open his mouth in shock. He blinked his eyes a few times confused as to why on earth Bekah was going to entrust Harley into his care. Sure, he loved having the kid around, but he wasn’t sure if he had the necessary skills to be a full on guardian.
Natasha grit her teeth together and remained silent as she went to fix herself something to eat. Anger simmered in her body and she just knew that if she said something right now it wouldn’t get across. She stuffed a piece of bread in her mouth and hoped that it would help her not to say something she’s been wanting to say to Clint. Yet maybe it was time for her to finally say something.
Harley sniffled. “Is this supposed to make me feel better? Because if so you’re doing a horrible job. Mr. Stark is better at this than you.”
Also if you're ever feeling down and don't have anyone to talk to, talk to me. I know we may not know each other, but that doesn't mean we can't be a support system. Also I know this story is super heavy at several points (my next story is going to be way lighter lol, but still with angst because I'm apparently a sucker for it) so if you at any point feel like I need to add any more tags as to warn people and help them, please do let me know.
How was Ryder able to fly so under the radar that no one could pick up on Ryder? He knew how the Avengers handled these cases so they would be monitoring every single video feed 24/7. So how come they didn’t catch Ryder on camera?
“Wanna fly like you baba!” Miles laughed and without a second glance he jumped off of the refrigerator-
“I was never able to say goodbye to my mom,” Steve chocked out, still affected by a pain that the years could not cure.
“He hopes so because he loves him,” Clint said to Bucky. “We all realized that when Steve started bringing Tony lunch to his lab.”
“You know how Steve doesn’t like bullies. Let’s just say when he got like this, 9 times out of 10 he ended up knocking somebody’s light out.”
Tony smiled, but had his eyes were still focused on the letter. “Yeah, he keeps on going around saying he’s almost five. I keep telling people he isn’t and then he debates with me about it for a good four minutes.”
Pepper looked as though the wind had been knocked out of her chest. She stumbled briefly hands placed firmly on the smooth mahogany desk. She wonderd how Tony always managed to see the best in people. Him seeing the best in people always managed to bite him in the rear end. Pepper had made a conscious decision a long time ago that she would protect Tony. She reflected bitterly on the night that Rhodey and she had seen Tony have his first breakdown since he was 23. And it was all because of
“Yeah, so if his death still haunts you, just imagine what killing me would be like? Having memories of whatever so called abuse, memories of us laughing and making love, and then you killing me. Just imagine the mix of chaotic feelings.”
Clint looked at her unwaveringly. Steve turned to him and for the first time saw just how much this experience had aged all of them in the 52 days that Tony had been missing. Clint blinked owlishly and fearfully, as though her answer would destroy him, if it wasn’t what he desired.
Luka accidentally shoved Tony too far against the wall one time, when Tony had struggled against receiving another patch and another pill. They made him feel like this. He was always tired and he was questioning everything now. He didn’t want them.
“Miles slow down sweetheart. You’re still a little under the weather,” Tony said trailing quickly behind Miles. “Bambino.”
Thank you all so much for the continuous love and support. All the comments, kudos, and bookmarks go straight to my heart. :)
Steve shifted on his foot. “Is actually for Edwin Jarvis. I actually remember this from a conversation that I had with you.”
Tony smiled lazily, at the moment unaware for the entrapment Ryder was setting. As he looked at the blanket fort ceiling in front of him he wondered how he could have been so naïve to the gas lighting even from day one.
Eva’s grip tightened on him and she whispered encouraging words. “It’s okay. Det er greit. Du er trygg, min kjærlighet. Okay? Okay?”
Natasha shook her head. “They won’t. When I was looking into him, he didn’t have anything that was out of the ordinary. Everything seemed on paper to be fine. I got in touch with a couple of people he worked with went through his digital history and nothing.”
“I’m not devising some master plan Mr. Rogers. I am rather offended you think so lowly of me. I simply acted out in the best interests of Tony.”
“At first I didn’t even know it was you. I just noticed things like how it was always warm wherever I went in the tower. I noticed how the updated to my suit, made it feel like I was constantly warm. Then JARVIS had an alert to calm me down, whenever I was experiencing an attack. I thought to myself how in the world was all of this happening. Here I was at the end of my rope and you were always right there in the shadows making it better. And it was not just for me that you’ve done these things for.”
Tony clenched his jaw. “Yeah, that. Don’t do that Rogers. I don’t know what your game is, but it’s not amusing in any sort of way. Look I get that you had a moment of stupidity in leaving so you felt that you have to make up for it. Don’t worry you’re forgiven. I forgave you for all of that jazz, when I read your letter. Nice letter by the way, much better than the one you gave me after the Accords. Did Natasha help you write it?”
“Protect me my ass,” Tony bit out as Steve switched hands. “It’s like you didn’t want me to be angry at the fact that my parents were murdered. Murdered Steve! I had to deal with the fact that my parents’ death was my fault when surprise it was because some brainwashed super soldier had a mission!”
“Sorry, fuck I’m messing this up. You’re just trying to be nice and I…I can’t breathe. Nat, I can’t breathe,” Tony rasped, hands clawing at his throat.
The woman’s eyes brightened. “Oh! A friend? You know he’s never really mentioned having any friends from back home. But I will tell him. Hold on.”
“Yeah, once I realized that you were planning on doing 100. I couldn’t let you eat a 100 lollipops Tony. That was going to end horribly wrong,” Rhodey said.
Steve frowned a moment before thinking. “Oh, he’s probably still at Peter’s school right now. I’m sure he’s fine. His phone is probably just on silent right now. Try calling him again in an hour or so. The program will probably be over it by then.”
“You can’t do this to me! Tony! Come on, don’t do this to me! Tony!” Ryder screamed, drool already foaming at his mouth. “You can’t do this to me, Tony! Tony!”
“So could I. I only have to say three words and frankly it’s a part of my job description. The only ones who fear death are the ones who never knew how to live. And trust me Captain I have lived my best life,” Miriam said.
“I’m a pretty good listener as well,” Steve tried softly saying to the boy. “I won’t speak up unless prompted. It seems like it would do you some good to get some stuff out. So…”
So slowly he laid against the stack of pillows that the kids had probably set aside for him. He looked over at Miles who had his sock clad foot on Peter’s neck. Leaning over, he removed his foot and placed it back down on the covers. Peter’s face twitched at the movement and then settled back into sleep. Harley had his body crooked a weird way, but Tony had quickly learned that child could literally sleep in any manner without having a crick in his neck.
Steve laughed and Tony felt the vibrations of it through his chest. Steve’s warm fingers curled around Tony’s shoulders and settled like a weight there. If Steve continued to keep his arm around Tony for the rest of their day there, Tony wouldn’t even have it in him to complain.
Steve gritted his teeth and steeled himself to his chair, just so that he wouldn’t choke the living daylights out of this man. Healthy relationship?
Tony stretched into the touch and his heart thundered with how he wanted to keep this forever. He was right for not telling Rhodey. He would have missed out on
Tony shook his head as Steve held up a package of bread. Steve raised an eyebrow at him and pointed to the price. Sure, it was cheaper seeing as though it was the grocery store’s brand. He appreciated Steve with his serious price checking, despite how many times Tony had enforced that he didn’t need to do it. He suspected that Steve took price checking as a small challenge. It was somewhat endearing.
“He’s breaking up with Ryder. Peter look you need to tell us what is happening right now,” Pepper demanded completely facing Peter.
He heard the door open and then close. He tightly closed his eyes and tried evening his wheezing breaths. He curled his arms tightly around his arc reactor, the place he was most vulnerable. Usually, Ryder left him alone if he was sleeping.
Steve watched him carefully, wanting to see how Tony was handling dredging up all of these memories that for all he knew, Tony had pushed aside. His hands wrapped around the ones holding the bowl and slowly eased it out of Tony’s hand.
“Didn’t you say you started drinking coffee at six,” Natasha stated pouring some cereal into a bowl for herself and then pouring a smaller portion for Miles.
“I know, you told me. It’s fine. Okay, no need to say sorry. I should have moved away. Let’s get you all cleaned up. Can I take you to get cleaned up?”
“Definitely, they miss you so much. You missed Julie’s birthday. She was very sad, she couldn’t share her cupcake with you. Also they have a little surprise that they’re particularly excited about sharing with you.”
Steve circled a finger around Tony, before pressing in. Tony sucked in a breath, the first intrusion always just a little unexpected pressure. He moved it around, letting Tony get used to the space he was making.
Steve watched as Tony walked away. Tony then turned around and regarded Steve. “And thank you Steve for the gift. It’ll certainly be one I’ll never forget.”
Peter’s eyes shone as he looked at the red and gold journal in Tony’s hands. It seemed like today was as good a day of any to give it to him. Tony fell into the couch grumbling about how they never want him to actually get any work done, but want him to come and like be social.
Everyone’s face looked stricken at the implication and made no moves to talk. They hadn’t know things had gotten this bad. Pepper straightened her shoulders and nods her head twice. Pepper bit her lip.
Tony tried sputtering out the drink, but Cali closed his mouth forcing him to swallow it. Miriam’s eyes shone bright and she continued pouring the liquid down his throat with no care at how fast she was going. The burning in Tony’s throat brought red hot tears to his eyes.
Ryder left him and Tony tried stifling a sob into his pillow. He numbly walked to his bathroom and tried to quickly shower all the while monitoring and listening to Miles. Tony tugged on a long sleeve shirt and some sweatpants and went to Miles who was now starting to cry out for him.
Bucky straightened his shoulder. It was only then that Steve noticed what he said and made hasty efforts to apologize. Bucky waved off the concern.
FRIDAY told him, with certainly no feelings withheld, that the Captain had enforced the kill switch and Ryder would die within the next week or so. FRIDAY explained the effects of the kill switch were debilitating and would be felt with extreme pain as his body slowly shut down.
Tony breathed out a sigh of relief that was cut off by Ryder placing his cock back into Tony’s mouth. Tony hummed in the back of his throat in pain as he felt the corners of his lips burn. Ryder looked down at him this time and looked at him angrily.
Then as if a dark shadow had come into her room, Bekah turned her face away. “Actually, that is what I wanted you to come in here for. As you know, when I got out of high school I went straight to the army. It was the proudest moment of my life. I felt like I had a purpose, that I was doing something far greater than what could be conceived. You understand that right?”
Bucky was waiting for him. He had come back for the piece of paper. He wanted to leave it in the room, but he couldn’t risk Tony finding it. After all he needed that note as a reminder.
“One, he just met his momma two years ago. Second, they’re not related. Third, did you not take to notice how she ate that banana in front of him and then he fed her some of his spaghetti.”
Harley tossed his arm off of him and rolled his eyes. Steve allowed himself a momentary pleased grin. Ryder shrugged and began leading them outside, trying to feel the conversation with idle chatter. Neither Harley nor Steve felt like truly speaking with Ryder, but Steve figured he couldn’t be rude. It wasn’t right for him to be mean to someone just because he was currently with Tony. So Steve tried pushing aside the feelings of wanting to silence Ryder out. But he couldn’t say he wasn’t excited, when they were finally back in the tower. Harley quickly went to the kitchen to grab a bowl of cereal and Steve wasn’t too far behind him.
Natasha slid him a cup of coffee and Tony nodded his head in thanks as he took the chair opposite of her. The two sat in companionable silence as the morning started to break through the kitchen windows. Neither felt entirely compelled to start talking, both understanding that often times silence could be the best comfort one needed. Sometimes what one needed was to simply think, but not be alone.
He stopped at the look Rene gave him. Jack pulled Tony up to his feet. Tony played up this idea of being weak. Sure, he wasn’t fully energized, but he was better than he had been with the exclusion of those patches. If he could just get them into a false sense of security, was his last thought before his body was submerged into the cooling water leftover from that morning’s session.
“Didn’t want to bother you,” Tony replied looking at the schematics displayed before him. “Plus I don’t really trust the Avengers right now with babysitting duty.”
Tony shared his exact sentiments. Honestly, Tony would have thought this was something that Harley would have said. Peter’s eyes widened and his face paled as though suddenly realizing what he had said. Instead of apologizing, his lips thinned and he crossed his arms stiffly over his chest.
The woman looked disappointingly at her husband. “Isak, surely we can visit for a while? I know the kids would love to see your…”
Tony eventually fell asleep in hopes that his headache would go away and that he could get a break from drinking. All he wanted to do was curl up in a ball and just check out for a week. After all these years of sobriety and now…
Steve turned to the side, looking at the time slowly blink to a few minutes pass six and he decided to stay in bed for just a little bit longer. Though when he did turn, he noticed the empty space beside him. He fully turned his body into the emptiness and ran his hands over the bed sheets noticing the sheets were still warm so Tony must not have left their bedroom too long ago.
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “Just saying. Okay, dinner at seven. Don’t be late. I’ll drag you out the lab if I have to and FRIDAY will help me won’t you?”
