B is for Bruise.
It wasn’t often he had enough time, and their schedules matched up, for him to watch Tony get ready for the day. When it was possible he would lounge on their bed with Tank, and pretend to be looking at something on his tablet. In reality he would be following Tony’s every move.
“I know! I don’t know how I thought I’d get away with it!”
When Tony had first mentioned this particular kink, Steve had been worried for many reasons. One of them being that if he was on the receiving end he’d freak out. But it wasn’t like drowning, and as long as he could see Tony’s face, he knew he was okay, and he could surrender to the other physical sensations it provided.
One perfectly shaped brow rose. “Tony, you know I don’t do patterns.”
Just as quickly as everything started silence fell. Moments later the door burst open, and as much as he hated himself for it, he had to close his eyes and shield his eyes from the light.
“A wise woman once told me that not everyone runs on batteries.”
For what felt like the millionth time Tony tipped his head back, pulled his bottom lid down, and squeezed a couple beads of allergy relief drops into his eyes. They cooled the burning and then rolled down his cheeks, getting caught in his stubble. He rubbed them away and was about to return to his work when he felt the tell tale tingling in his nose. An explosive sneeze sent his body in an inelegant flail.
It took all of Steve’s self control not to flat out run to the elevator.
Tony tipped his head back and laughed. “Don’t count on it, oh Captain America the great and righteous.”
“Oh shut it bird turd.” Tony snapped.
Before Steve could make it to the bathroom Tony paused and half turned. “But, Steve.” Steve halted, and his face fell as if expecting Tony to drop some awful condition. “If you ever swap out our bedsheets you’re sleeping on the couch.”
“The sexual tension between the two of you could write it’s own erotic novel.” Pepper declares one day, and causes Tony to nearly topple off the stool he’s perched on.
“Oh, thank my lucky stars and stripes.”
“I’m telling Pepper.”
“Sorry, Captain. Can’t go too fast or we risk making the injury worse.” The paramedic winces while the other one keeps himself busy keeping pressure on the wound.
The reply he received was weak and raspy, “East.”
Tony shrugged. “Makes sense to me. I think we all forget you were thrown into the future just a week ago now. You need a car? I have plenty.”
He really liked Tony. And he was attracted to Tony.
Steve nodded and used Tony to pull himself to his feet.
With a swipe of her hand Pepper vanished the holograms of the tower. Her eyes twinkled with mischief as she lead him passed the kitchen and the oblivious Steve. Tony gave him a mock salute, and Steve shook his head with a lopsided grin that absolutely did not give Tony butterflies.
A is for Armchair
“Of course.” Steve nodded solemnly. “I don’t want to cause you any trouble.”
The prep Steve gave him was perfunctory at best. Quick, mechanical, and hard. Steve’s fingers pushed, twisted, and scissored while his free hand gripped Tony by the hip, keeping him just as he wanted him no matter how Tony squirmed.
“Wow, have we really not watched that one yet?” Tony muttered almost to himself. “Looks like a Disney marathon is in our future. But, for now, I’ll rephrase. We’re going on an Iron Man joyride!”
Rated E for explicit adult content.
The only mail that was delivered straight to him was from youngsters who loved Iron Man. Then he started dating Steve, and at least once a week a letter from Steve would be somewhere hidden in that pile.
“Knock yourself out. Any time. You wrote ‘em.” Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek and then caught sight of Tank with shreds of paper around. “Except the ones your dog ate.”
It’s only a few minutes before Steve gives up on not moving. The tension leaked from his legs, and Tony steadied himself with one hand on Steve’s hip, knowing what was coming.
“You actually tried to shave it in my sleep!”
“Tony. Shut. Up.”
“Oh, so you know who is to blame for the slow floral takeover then? And you have not chosen to divulge this pertinent information to me?”
The biggest reason for their location though, was that it allowed him to go through them when he wanted to. For some reason Steve finding out that every once in a while Tony would go to that tote and go all waxing poetic over the letters was mortifying.
Just as Steve was sure Tony had fallen asleep on him, the genius chuckled lightly. “We’re going to have to move this chair. Or throw it out.”
“Sir. You can’t come in. You’re going to have to wait here-”
Short and sweet. Fluffy goodness. Adorable. Cute. Winter time. Hot dog cart date. Tank makes an appearance.
“Fucking jesus, Steve.” Tony panted at the ceiling, head tipped back and eyes closed. Two of Steve’s fingers were buried inside Tony’s ass, scissoring and twirling to open him up. Whether quick or unhurried, Steve’s fingering skills were wickedly good. Today he was going slow, and it was both exquisite and maddening.
All of them were common enough household items. He’s sure Tony had actual props for this, but had chosen not to put them out, predicting that it would be too much for Steve, which he appreciated, because he was right.
Tony threw his hands up in the air. “You’ll sit for him? I see how it is.”
After Steve deemed his dental records properly embedded into Tony’s shoulder, he released his hold and then soothed his tongue over it. The imprint was already bruised with small dots of red peppered in.
He’d even put stamps on the things. “The postal service needs our support, Tony.” Sometimes they were silly or cute stamps that Tony imagined made Steve smile. Otherwise they were patriotic, or special edition. Tony was sure Steve collected stamps. That seemed like an old person thing to do.
“Oh, I am not dealing with this. You get to handle the backlash. I’m sending all negative press and any request for comments your way.” Pepper declared, and then turned her sharp glower to Steve. “And yours.”
Flushed a gorgeous pink from his cheeks down his neck, Steve focused on Tony’s expression who’s eyelashes fluttered and mouth dropped open in a long, shuddering gasp. Steve answered him with an equally enthusiastic moan as Tony’s heat slowly engulfed his length.
All he can see is people milling about him, most in panic and others in work mode. The sky slides from view to be replaced with the roof of the ambulance. He reflects that out of all the big bads he’s fought, out of all the close calls and near death situations, he might just die today from a stab wound administered by a citizen with a grudge.
And if anyone argued Steve wasn’t the sweetest thing on Earth Tony would kill them.
Tony set down his tools and wiped his hands on a nearby already dirty rag, taking longer than he needed to. “I’ll have Jarvis draw up some of the must sees for your Motorcycle Diaries then.”
Light angst. Drama. Argument. Angry and shouting boys. Avengers related fight. Stubborn Tony. Bad communication.
Unable to get his teeth on any part of Steve’s neck in their new position, he turned his head and latched onto Steve’s forearm instead. His hands traveled down to work on the buttons of Steve’s pants. They’d been at it for far too long to not be naked.
Waxing poetic Steve. Artist Steve. Confident Tony. Fluffyness. Some sexual references/content.
Rated T.
------
“Cap, we still going the right way?”
“Yesyes. Fucking keep going!”
It didn’t matter that Steve was the one who wrote them. Tony was the one who had stored them here to covet and read like a housewife waiting on her husband to return from war. Getting over his initial shock, he dropped to his knees and started gathering what he could towards himself like a goblin scooping up treasure, hiding it with his body.
Having taken the stairs, Steve punched in the key code to their level, and went to the kitchen for a drink first, choosing Gatorade over water.
Tony had pitched it after their post battle shawarma; Stark Tower transformed into Avengers Tower. Everyone had been on board, even the at first reluctant Bruce. The problem was that Steve hadn’t factored in an unforeseen development.
Night came before they had made it another mile. It made their going even slower. Fatigue and exhaustion were finally catching up to Tony. What was more worrisome was that they were catching up to Steve.
Part of Steve wanted to argue, and normally he would. They had a responsibility to protect the people, the planet. But his veins were lit with elation, and his skin was buzzing with excitement, so instead he set about kissing and sucking on the bare minimum of skin exposed to him.
“You are not stopping right now. You are going to get your patriotic hot ass out of the dirt, and you are going to make it to the base whether I have to drag you there or not!”
The dog trotted forward to stick his nose through the kennel fence. Or the tip of it anyway. His snout was too large to fit any further than that.
Though Tony can’t sit up he’s still struggling. Steve leans into his line of sight and his mouth goes dry. Tony’s eyes were glassy, seeing something far away. Not there at all.
“Six, thirty minutes ago, Captain.”
“Nope, you don’t get to ‘Tony’ me, Cap. I’m calling Code Kissing the Choo Choo.” The elevator slowed to a stop, but the doors remained closed.
------
“It’s meant for taking care of each other. You haven’t slept in three days, maybe more, I can’t be certain when or if you slept on mission. I know you haven’t been eating the way your freako metabolism needs, and I can see the tension in your shoulders and left leg a mile away.” Tony prattled off, and then crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow. “Now, are you going to honor the terms of our agreement, or am I going to have to call in reinforcements?”
Rated G.
But that didn’t stop Steve from doing what he wanted. Rarely anything ever did. What had sparked this particular desire was Henry Cavill rocking a mustache. Mind you, it was a mustache with a major five o’clock shadow that sucked the ickiness out of it. Steve had immediately gone all “I’ve never had one. I must live all life experiences. Commence objective grow porn whiskers.
Strong sexual content. Breath play. Tony sucked so much dick in his early twenties (shout out to my boy Lucien!). Porn without plot. Smut. Both of them like being on the receiving end.
I hope y'all enjoyed! I like having them do some kinky spice up their sex lives things without them being officially into BDSM. Unless they're in a dom/sub AU,. Then it's all aboard.
“Jeez, doll. You’ll make a guy think ya missed him or something.” Steve laughed.
Steve’s mouth shut with an audible click, and then his brow furrowed. “But, you’re so particular. About design and even your clothes, and-”
“Hearing and listening are two different things, Tony.” Steve snapped, picking up on an earlier thread of their argument. And then he let go of Tony’s dick, and his climax hit him like an avalanche. It slammed into him, swallowed him, and swept him away. He couldn’t even breathe through it, mouth hung open and entire body going taught with it.
“Just for awhile. I need to get my bearings, see the U.S. It’s a whole new world to me. I don’t know it anymore.” Steve folded his arms, resting back against one of Tony’s work benches. “If we get called in I’ll have Natasha pick me up in the quinjet.”
“Captain America, picture of wholesome perfection? Impossible.”
“Are you alright?”
One of Steve’s hands grabbed the back of Tony’s neck, giving it a squeeze of warning, and Tony leered up at him. The more comfortable Steve got with things like this, the more confident he got exploring different facets of his sexuality. Sure, he liked his share of rough sex, but this was different. It was kink and taboo. And amazing.
Implementing his stealth skills honed by his time as an Avenger he crept across the room, sticking to the shadows so as not to interrupt any light sources. Just in case. Steve was a freak.
“Maybe I shouldn’t have made the walls so entirely sound proof.” Tony mused, drinking in the view of Steve’s perfectly sculpted body as he pounded into him.
What had only been days but felt like months of sexual tension rose inside Steve, and he moved forward, backing Tony up until his butt hit some surface, he didn’t know or care what. Steve crowded him and took and gave, hands slipping further down Tony’s waist…
“Bullshit.”
Quickly, Steve dropped his gaze and clumsily fumbled to turn the tablet’s screen back on. At a chuckle from Tony he sheepishly looked back up.
There were many things Steve liked, some things he loved, and only a few things he was obsessed with.
It had not been a good night. He’d only had not good nights since waking up from the ice. And as much as Steve would rather not sleep, being a super soldier didn’t take away that necessity.
With so many miles to go and danger still on their tail Tony couldn’t remove Steve’s uniform, and resigned that he would have to work around it.
“Yes.” Tony breathed. Even if Steve didn’t end up liking this all that much, the eagerness in Tony’s voice was arousing in itself.
Each letter was encased in a thick custom stationery envelope that had a vintage feel and look to it. Steve would write the Sent and Receive information himself, always ever so careful to make it both beautiful and legible even though it was delivered by hand. From Steve’s hand to the pile of Tony’s fan mail.
Steve’s eyes erupted with rage and he took a step closer to Tony. “Don’t dare say you get it! If you did, you wouldn’t be going off plan! When we’re on a mission, in the middle of a battle, it’s paramount we stick to it!” He stepped forward again, towering over Tony. “Going off book and doing what you think is best is how people get killed.”
So he moved them into a plastic tote in his workshop. It seemed the best option. It kept them safe, and they weren’t somewhere anyone could just stumble across them. Imagining Clint getting his sticky hands on them was mortifying. And he definitely couldn’t throw them out. Talk about tabloids. If he ever had to get rid of them they’d have to be burnt. And that was not happening.
“Save it, Widow. I’m not leaving him.”
“Tony?” Steve shifted and Tony could hear him opening a door, probably to their suite. “Shut up.” The door clicked behind them and Tony sighed. He would have to let Steve play his beloved role of mother hen. The man’s mind was set. Tony could sneak off after Steve thought he was asleep.
In fact, he meant it so much, that he started swapping out some of the decor all on his own.
D is for Doll.
More smut because I believe Tony and Steve both have high sex drives.
It wasn’t that he was offended by the pet name. It was that it felt like it belonged in the same category as boo bear, or snookums.
“SHUT THE FUCK UP BARTON!” Flames may have surrounded his face. He wasn’t sure, but he hoped so.
He could still see Steve’s shit eating grin.
Flat faced, Tony gave Steve’s opposite shoulder a slight shove, and Steve’s answering wince was the only confirmation he was going to get.
“What the hell Tony?!” Limbs flew and Tony flittered backwards, dropping the razor and putting his hands behind his back innocently.
Tony’s touch was firm, but not hurtful, as he ran his hands from Steve’s shoulders and down his sides to grip his hips. It was the touch of someone who needed to reassure themselves with the concrete existence of something, or someone. He pulled, forcing Steve’s ass back a bit more, and then his hands were gone.
“It’ll heal quick. You know that.”
They had to almost be there, because if they weren’t, Tony wasn’t sure they’d make it.
“Jarvis, put the soup on.” Tony said as he walked up to meet Steve, hands casually in his pockets.
How much Tony was enjoying it was enticing as well. His body twitched, and his hips moved in aborted jerks every time the hairbrush met his flesh. Steve grabbed one cheek and growled at how hot and red it was, while he brought the brush down on the other cheek.
Tony huffed and tapped two fingers to the left earmuff. “These? These are stinking adorable.”
“Ma’am?” He called across the room, and then again when she didn’t hear him.
B is for Battery
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Not all of us have the impulse control of a teenage boy.” All the same she did slide over to stand by him, wrapping an elegant arm around his waist. “Though if you do become too distracted let me know. I’m not above reaping the benefits of your deviance.”
It wasn’t so bad now that he’d gotten started. He was faintly aroused by it, and as Tony had asserted to him over and over, Steve knew his own strength, and exactly how to deliver it to achieve whatever impact it was that he desired.
“Make yourself some room.” He demanded, voice all hard cutting glass with no room for argument.
“Have you ever heard of a LOCK?!” The door slammed shut behind him.
Sometimes Steve would just watch Tony do things. It didn’t matter if it was a complicated task, or menial. He just liked watching the way Tony’s fingers moved.
Smirking, Tony prowled forward on his hands and knees. “Well, let me show you my appreciation for giving it the good ole American try.” Tony placed his hands on Steve’s shoulders, pushed him down and crawled on top of him. “And I’m going to take my time.”
Tony jammed his knee between Steve’s thighs and grinded his leg against his crotch. Mouth demanding and forceful he pried Steve’s lips open and then sucked his tongue into his mouth as if he wanted to pull it right out.
“You should have lead with that.” Steve scooted his way up the bed to lean against the headboard. Blessedly, he already seemed a bit more relaxed. Getting him to sleep would be more of a challenge. Steve had an annoyingly self-destructive sense of duty.
Pepper didn’t condone him drinking caffeine after four in the afternoon. It being eight in the evening, she was definitely out. Bruce was in self-inflicted solitary for the day, and Tony doubted he’d end it early just to bring Tony coffee. Natasha, Clint and Thor were still at SHIELD negotiating travel agreements for the prisoner Loki.
Even after excessively scrubbing, Tony’s hands were stained with the evidence of his work. Steve watched them elegantly glide his button up off it’s wooden hanger, and then vanish into the sleeves. They pulled and situated the well pressed collar, and his fingers were precise and quick in their practiced task of fastening each button.
------
“We need to get there faster!”
When Steve scooped him up bridal style Tony emitted a squawk of indignation, which was ignored, and then he didn’t really care because he was being carefully lowered into sudsy, bubbly, hot, scented bath water.
Steve looked down at his half hard dick and shrugged. “I liked certain aspects. And I didn’t not like it. You made some first rate noises.”
“My dear Pepper, Pep, Pepper Ann, have you sustained a head injury?”
“My dog? You’re the one- Tank no!” And Tony laughed as Steve lunged at Tank in a desperate attempt to save the precious letters.
“Cap,” Tony gasped, his pace slowing considerably. “I gotta take a break.”
Everything was becoming fuzzy, and he’s having a hard time remembering what’s going on. His eyelids grow heavy, and he doesn’t even snark about the needle they stick him in the arm with, vaguely aware that they were feeding him blood.
I had a hard time with this one for some reason. But it has been done!
When it happens the third night at the tower he isn’t surprised. He wraps himself in a throw blanket and stumbles his way to the communal floor to zone out on a television show. Television was one of the things of the future he had already grown fond of.
K is for Knock
The problem was that sometimes Steve was wrong.
As Steve predicted, Tony reached behind himself and grabbed Steve’s girth with an exasperated, “finally.” Before he could position himself and sink down Steve tightened his grip and stopped him. “Steve, I swear to fucking-!”
The rant Tony had been on about Steve’s excessive strength abruptly ended and he raised an eyebrow, his expression screaming ‘oh really?’
Steve raised his eyebrows at Tony and the man fidgeted with the bow. “Well, you see. I’ve been researching some things that’ve been suggested to me in the past. Thing is I never really was a pets kind of guy, and keeping a dog alive sounded like it would just add more stress to the whole problem in the first place.” Tony blew out a breath.
“Nope. Terms of Code Kissing the Choo Choo can’t be violated. If either of us deems the other as pushed to the limit and compromising themselves, we have the right to intervention. We shook on it.” Steve didn’t wait for Tony’s undoubtable repeated refusal. He slid an arm around the smaller man’s waist and moved to scoop him up. Tony knew what was coming and went dead weight in a last ditch attempt. Of course it was pointless, and Steve easily threw him over his shoulder like a sack of flour.
After ten more minutes there were a couple more dogs he thought would be a good fit. They were only halfway through, and he had a feeling whittling down the list at the end would take the rest of the day.
It was a Sunday morning, the one day that Steve “slept in” as he called it. Which to Tony was massively overselling it. 8 AM was not sleeping in. Especially not on a Sunday.
“Mine?” Steve marveled quietly, and looked down at the dog again.
Steve rumbled low in his chest and tightened his hold on Tony’s hips again, halting his movements so just the tip of Steve was inside him. “Don’t be a brat.”
Steve slowed down to a full stop. His expression was pinched with pain and exhaustion, and Tony nearly whooped in victory when Steve motioned to a nearby fallen tree. Steve the ever stubborn didn’t need to know he was exaggerating his own exhaustion in order to make Steve give himself a rest.
Fluffy goodness. Tank is mischievous and great. Old fashioned Steve.
When Tony would touch him, or open him up, Steve’s world seemed to narrow down to just the point of contact between him and Tony’s hands. To how his fingers would curl and twist, and how they both commanded and asked. There were times that Steve wanted to be Tony’s clay. To let him sculpt and forge him into whatever the genius wanted.
Steve froze. “I’ll move it tonight.”
“Nat, you’re not harboring some secret affinity for feminime soft patterns, are you?” Tony inquired one day, leaning against the kitchen counter.
Tony cut Steve off by licking a long stripe along the underside of his dick. And then he was done playing with his prey. He grabbed the base to hold it steady, and then engulfed it in the wet heat of his mouth once more. He bobbed his head, and hollowed his cheeks, increasing his speed with every pass until he had reached a steady pace that some people would have found uncomfortable. But he was proud to admit he was a bit of a pro. He had sucked so much dick in his early twenties.
“Well, you seem to like me okay…” Tony stuck his fingers through to give the dog a little scratch, who leaned into it heavily and looked at Tony. His eyes were shining with intelligence, and a sorrow that reminded him of Steve.
“Jeez, Tony. What-”
A hand landed on his shoulder and he struck out, intent on landing at least one punch today. The person easily caught it, but they didn’t use the hold to twist his wrist, or hold him in place.
Rated M.
“Oh shove it, Steve. He’s your boy through and through.” Tony bent down to unhook Tank’s leash and ruffle the shaggy hair on top of his head while Steve watched with a grin. As soon as he’s freed Tank dashed around the shop. It was a habit after his walkies. He had to do a good frolic around to express his joy. Tony had no idea how he could possibly still have energy.
And then Tony saw what the mess was. All his letters from Steve were spilled across the floor. Tank had decided he liked one and was chewing it. A heat broke over Tony’s body.
They were fluffy and navy blue, which made the super soldier’s eyes pop, and they framed his face something special. The most intriguing and darling thing about them though, was that they somehow made Steve look younger than he already did.
At the two hour mark Tony knew they had to move on, and he gave Steve a gentle nudge. “Come on. Sooner we get to base, sooner you can get some proper doctoring.”
“Um. Unless, I was wrong. And then I’ll..Give him to Peter or something.” Tony would not bring Hugo back to the rescue. Not after what he’d been through. Heck, he wanted to take five of the canines home. Sam reminded him that though most of the Avengers liked dogs, five would be pushing it, and Natasha wasn’t above making Tony’s life hell in retaliation. So he’d settled for donating them five million dollars instead.
Tony shook his head with a, “nope,” popping the P. “Just the cooing and the goo goo ga-ing.”
Steve frowned down at it in puzzlement for a minute before he slowly moved the blankets off his lap and rose to his feet. It would normally alarm him that he hadn’t had any awareness of someone being so close to him. Instead a warm feeling settled in his belly. He didn’t know who the kind gesture came from, but it made him smile softly as he folded both blankets.
And it wasn’t because it was facial hair. No no. It was because of the type of facial hair. Tony would love it if Steve grew a beard. But no, this was a straight up creepy Ron Jeremy mustache that did NOT belong on Steve Rogers’ face.
One of those things, was Tony’s hands.
“Shit! No. Nonono. Come on, Steve babe. I thought you could do this all day!”
Steve used the dimmer switch in the bathroom to turn the lights on low, and finally set Tony on his feet. He left his arms circled around him and brushed a kiss against his forehead. “You gonna let me take care of my fella now?”
It had been three days. Tony knew, because he and Jarvis had been counting. To the naked eye Steve seemed fine, but anyone that really knew him could see the subtle signs that he was pushing himself too hard. Again. This time he’d bounced from a mission, to natural disaster relief, to drills, to volunteering at the local soup kitchen. All very worthy and noble causes of course, but he wasn’t invincible, no matter how much the world believed him to be.
Grabbing Tony’s chin Steve stares at him with determination and tenderness. “Tony, you need to get a grip. Got to hold on. All right?” He’s rewarded with a flicker of recognition. “For me, Bruce, Natasha, all of them.”  Pauses to take a deep breath to stave off his own panic attack. Steadily, Tony seems to be connecting back to reality, and he meets Steve’s eyes and actually sees him. Steve can tell by the spark of honey in them. “You don’t get to quit. Remember? You get killed, you walk it off.”
He took a few well paced drinks of water, and Steve still hadn’t moved. Tony approached him and laid a hand on his arm.
The super soldier stood rooted to the spot, frowning at the floor and rubbing his thumb over his bottom lip. After several long minutes he finally looked up to where Tony left, a slight one sided smile blossoming on his lips, and eyes shining with a melancholy tenderness.
“You could sure get in here with me.”
Taking some time to ease his nerves Steve squeezed and massaged the perky globes displayed for him. Already a fan of giving Tony’s ass the occasional swat, he was definitely into going a little further a try.
“M’gonna be okay, Mama Hen.”
Steve didn’t say anything. He just kept petting and stroking the dog and staring at him. It made Tony anxious, and he had already crumpled and crinkled the bow beyond repair by the time he noticed he was wringing and twisting it.
Tony was holding a giant red bow, and making a hand signal at a huge black dog, while pushing ineffectively on it’s ass. Not a robot dog, an actual dog. Tony spotted Steve and actually jumped in surprise.
The next few had greeted them with enthusiasm, and took longer to decide on. A yellow lab named Alfredo with soulful eyes was the first one to be added to Tony’s mental list of maybes.
Rated T.
What he was sick of the most was the small things that set him off. One would think that gunfire and explosions out on the field would give him flashbacks, but no. It was cold, it was water, it was trains, and it was the stupid ice cubes in his drink.
“Oh for- Fine! Orders, directions, whatever you want to call them. This is about you risking your safety and the team’s-”
“I know that.” Tony snapped back. “It doesn’t change the fact that I have been freaking the hell out for the entire. Week!” He reached around and blindly unfastened Steve’s pants, and then pulled them and his briefs down in one go, leaving them to puddle around his ankles.
It wasn’t until he’d finished the cup before he set it down and clapped his hands together. “Alright! Pull up the specs for the communal level. If it’s going to hold up to multiple super peeps it’s going to need a serious overhaul!”
“That was-”
Tony was brushing his teeth, groggy eyed even after his first cup of coffee. He smiled when he saw Steve in the reflection of their wall to wall vanity. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and kissed his neck. “Hey, doll. How you feel about pancakes for breakfast?”
Tony studied Steve for awhile. He hadn’t known him long, and even he could tell his delivery was off. There was something more to this impromptu road trip than he was letting on.
They were both close, had been for awhile, both staving off their own releases out of spite. One hand wrapped around Tony’s member, and then tightened.
Sam nodded in understanding, and the two strolled over to the first kennel on the left hand side. The canine was undoubtedly adorable, but according to the profile hanging in a sheet protector, he wasn’t a fan of men, which he then vocalized to them with a low growl.
NOTES:
The rustling sound of fabric told Steve Tony was removing his own clothes, and then he was pressed hot against Steve’s back. It unwound some of Steve’s tension, enough that Tony felt it, and he murmured, “that’s it, big guy. I’ve got you.”
“Two, four hours ago.” Tony replied nasally.
“I didn’t think you would have kept them. You didn’t even like them at first.”
“And not enough hours in the day.” Tony added, and massaged Steve’s left thigh. It was like a rock, and when Tony dug his thumbs into the muscle Steve winced ever so slightly, which meant it hurt a lot. “And if you want to help as many as you can, you gotta take care of you too.”
Both men froze and Steve’s head jerked to look at the old fashioned clock he insisted on having, and then down at the rumpled mess that was Tony and himself. Their suits were wrinkled, their shirts untucked, and ties loosened.
So now they were strolling down the sidewalk, and Steve was wearing earmuffs that should have looked really stupid, but instead were heartrendingly precious.
His first aid knowledge wasn’t terribly broad, but he knew enough. He firmly swept over and around the gash with alcohol swabs, and then pressed them further into it to try to remove as much bacteria as possible. Steve winced and hissed a bit but didn’t squirm. When he was finished he dressed it best he could. The bandages wrapped around Steve’s torso, and cut across the star on his chest. It gave Tony a foreboding feeling.
D is for Dog.
“Okay, for one, you had to know I’ve noticed by now. I’m not that oblivious. Quite the opposite really. You know that.”
Tony pivoted back around, eyebrows raised incredulously. Sam was crouched down in front of the Yorkie, sticking his fingers through the chain link. When he finally noticed the stare of judgment he scowled.
As Tony’s grip tightened, Steve became more aware of the sensation of Tony's breath puffing against his neck, of his calloused hand sliding over their hot flesh, and the pleasure heightened. He felt his dick twitch when Tony cut off his air completely, and his mouth hung open, eyebrows scrunched together.
One day, Tony was adjusting his tie, getting ready for another board meeting from Hell, when Steve came in with a new, well new to them, giant canvas painting of a winter scene. He froze when he spotted Tony. His shoulders drew up, and he smiled guiltily.
They had been fighting. Again. It was a common enough occurrence. They were both stubborn, passionate, assertive, and unyielding. All qualities they loved about each other, and that could make for a disaster when they disagreed on something.
------
And then he halted. Tony had kissed him, and Steve had returned it. Tony was in a relationship. Steve was team leader. The words that had kept the brakes on for him flashed in his head. DISRESPECTFUL. INAPPROPRIATE. ADVANTAGEOUS. UNFAIR. WRONG.
“Uggggh.” Tony complained. It was a weak complaint seeing as he was simultaneously laughing. Tank loved the sound of laughter, and his tail went crazy as he nibbled on Tony’s earlobe. “Alright, you’re nasty.” Tony gently shoved Tank down who resumed bounding about the shop, nearly knocking into just about everything.
“Tony, you need medical atten-”
Steve withdrew his fingers and Tony hung his head to catch his breath, chuckling lowly. “The great and chivalrous...”
Since he clearly wasn’t going to get any help from Steve, he angled himself backwards, bowing in an elegant arch and finally Steve’s cock hit his prostate spot on. His vision tunneled and his rolling moans filled their bedroom.
“That’s going to have to do for now.”
A large part of him wants to shove her aside and pull the “I’m Captain America” card, but his moral compass stops him as he shouts after Tony and the nurses. “Fix him! You have to fix him, you hear me?!” The doors swing shut behind them and Steve’s hands go to his hair, sliding between the strands and gripping it, turning his usual put together look into a harried mess.
“I should probably work on the in shop zoomies. Guys like a bull in a china shop.” Steve winced.
The contents of the letters were always perfectly scribed in slanting, gorgeous cursive. Because of course Steve still wrote in cursive. The language was flowery, precise, well thought out. And so what if the first one had Tony sitting on the edge of his bed with tears in his eyes. How could anyone resist being spoken to, spoken about, like that? It was more romantic than any modern day gesture he’d ever received.
S T E V E N    G R A N T    R O G E R S
“I’m not maniacally obsessive.” Steve grumbled, which Tony ignored. He gave his hand a little pull, and set off towards their room, Steve following behind obediently. Tony stopped by their bed where he had laid out a set of clothes for Steve.
Salty Tony. They are both little shits. Fluff. Humor.
“Today you made it, but what about next time? Or the time after that? You say I’m the boss, but you treat my commands like suggestions!”
It wouldn’t be a problem if he’d had his suit. Then again, none of this would have been a problem if he’d had his suit when it started.
It has been far too long since an update. I think I'm finally passed my wall. I think. Fingers crossed.
She stared at him, measured and blank, like she did when Tony was being thick skulled, and missing something that was plain and obvious to her. Which really wasn’t fair, because she was a secret ninja assassin spy.
“Sure, toots, whatever you say. Come up in ten minutes or you’ll miss my shower.” Pepper padded away with swaying hips, and Tony stared after her. He’d been writing off the too long glances, soft looks, and small touches he’d been getting from Steve as friendly behavior. The alternative just seemed too ridiculous.
A slight increase of the weight on Tony’s neck is all he needed to move on, and he dropped gracefully to his knees while hastily unfastening Steve’s buckle and outdated stuffy khakis. He tugged them open only enough to release Steve. The bead of cum on the head, and the pulsing vein that ran along the bottom betrayed Steve’s composure.
“Tony, you need to stay still. It’s okay, it’s just Steve and the paramedics. You’re going to be okay.” He’s afraid that he’s lying.
“So, I was looking into that idea you had about your suit. I found a way to accomplish it. I just have to-” Steve’s hand tightened, and Tony’s heart stuttered “Combine them on a molecular level-” Steve’s hand tightened more, effectively cutting off Tony’s words, and sending a thrill of excitement to his groin.
Rated T.
I adore Steve using phrases and slang from the 30's and 40's.
Pure panic wins out now He can’t lose Tony. The nurses take off at a light jog, pushing the bed down the halls. Steve is right there with them, gripping one of the rails and barely looking away from Tony’s face.
Then again, neither were dogs, and Tony had gotten him one.
“Oh, right. Sorry!” Steve blushed and fumbled to grab the bag. Tony watched in open amusement and fondness as Steve opened it to dole out the sustenance. First feeding Tank who devoured his footlong in seconds, and then handing Tony his. Steve’s cheeks were flushed even brighter now, both with cold and bashfulness.
They mostly kept him locked in a small room with no food, sound, or light. Every so often they came in to rough him up. Otherwise, they seemed content to leave him there to rot and slowly lose his marbles.
“Oh, thank god. You had me going there for a minute.”
“Rhodey! Have you ever heard of KNOCKING?!” Tony roared.
The head of Steve’s cock pressed wet against him and Tony exhaled shakily. “Come on, then Captain. Fucking do it!”
DARK chapter. Material may be triggering. Please read and heed the tags below.
Natasha’s expression hardened and she grabbed his hand, squeezing it hard enough to be a threat. “Tony. You are not to give him shit about this.”
Taking Steve by surprise, Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist to break his hold while surging to his feet. He walked forward, shoving Steve back against the nearest wall with surprising force. A picture fell. The sound of breaking glass went ignored.
“Steve?” Tony asked, eyebrows raised, and Steve realized he must have been massaging his cheeks for much longer than he intended. “Are you sure you want to try this? Remember, unless we’re both on board, neither of us are.”
A hand landed on his own, stopping it, and he groaned long and miserable like a petulant child.
The face cover slid up to reveal Tony smirking at him. “Cool down, boy scout. There’s no galactic threat or laser shooting diabolical bunnies.”
Uncharacteristically, Steve’s hand dropped and he returned to resting his head. It was worse than Tony thought then. He grabbed the water bottle and poured some over the wound to get a better look. The skin around it was an angry red, and there were early signs of infection.
“Anger leads to suffering, young Padawan.”
The archer leaned forward, his expression cracking into one of pure delight. “Doll?”
“Good, because I had to come in here alone, and I don’t know how smooth our exit is going to be.”
The fresh air filled Steve’s lungs as he exited the tower onto one of the highest balconies. Tony had asked him to meet him there for a date. Steve assumed it was for a nice candle lit dinner out in the cool Spring evening air, but instead he was greeted by Tony in the Iron Man suit.
Tony growled. “Dammit, Rogers.” He shifted Steve’s arm so he could get to the pack he knew the boyscout kept his first aid supplies in. The soldier swatted at him, and Tony smacked his hand away. “Stop being a reckless jackass and let me clean it at least.”
Tony looked up at Steve with a grin.
Tony leapt to his feet and launched himself over the back of the couch. Thankfully Steve had quick reflexes and he caught Tony in his open arms rather than Tony straight up football tackling him.
While they waited they chatted, and flirted, and it was getting increasingly difficult for Tony to keep his hands to himself. Their relationship was public, but Tony was pretty sure if he shoved Steve down right there on the sidewalk and started dry humping him, that would be crossing at least one of their lines, and most of the unsuspecting bystanders’.
The scene it revealed wasn’t something Steve would have ever predicted.
“Did you calculate that in the two seconds it took you to do exactly the opposite of what I said?” Steve spat.
Tony slumped forward against Steve’s heaving chest. The room seemed silent now with only their gasps filling the space.
Fully adjusted, and feeling a little insidious, Tony rolled his hips languidly, and then suddenly switched to a frantic rhythm. His eyes shone with mischief as he maintained the eye contact Steve had insisted on.
Steve rumbled wordlessly, and then he straightened up, and jack hammered into Tony who decided he really didn’t want to delay their release any longer. He pushed himself to his elbows to better absorb the shocks, and arched his back just so. He could feel the bruises from Steve’s grip, and from where his hip bones were driving into his ass, already developing, and the desk started rocking more and more with each thrust.
Steve’s eyes flashed. He grabbed Tony by the waist and spun him around. Ignoring Tony’s snarl of indignation, he reached around him and quickly unfastened his jeans.
“Uh. Well, I was kind of hoping you would name him? His name is Hugo, but I think we should change it. Give him a fresh start. I mean, it’s up to you though.”
Rated M.
Tony laughed, “sorry, babe. Even I can’t bypass or replace sleep. I tried.” Steve seemed to be getting closer to slipping off, and Tony nudged and prodded him until he was horizontal, head cushioned on one of their memory foam pillows.
Steve did his best to keep his eyes above neck level. It didn’t work like he’d hoped. As the testing progressed, Tony’s hair got wetter, until it was curly and clinging to his forehead. Steve wondered if he could get it do that with a different kind of exercise.
Sam must have assured the woman they would let her know if they had any questions, because she stepped away to give them some space.
Sometimes Steve was wrong, and sometimes he just cared too much. And sometimes Tony couldn’t get passed his own ego and issues with authority.
Tony took his time getting ready. The unhurried pace was relaxing and reassuring. Steve tuned out everything except for Tony’s hands. They knotted his tie, and slid smoothly down the cloth to ensure it was laying just right. One hand moved up to his hair to tweak a few pieces, and that’s when Steve realized Tony was watching him in the mirror.
“You didn’t like it as much?”
“Mine!” Steve repeated more emphatically.
For the 11th time he rolled his eyes up to study his bots, and for the 11th time he shook his head. They had never successfully brewed and delivered him coffee, and there was no change in circumstances that would make them start now. So who was his mystery delivery angel?
Spicing up their sex life. Kink exploration. Impact play. Trying new things doesn’t always mean liking them.
NOTES:
“I’m telling you, he doesn’t like it when I walk him.”
“Guess I’ll have to go finish shaving it off, huh?” Steve sighed dramatically as he knocked his shoulder into Tony’s.
That thought had him hurriedly looking down. His eyes followed Tony’s defined collar bones and over his shoulders, down his arms to his work rough hands. He was such a beautiful contrast of sharp edges and handsome curves. It would be a joy to draw him, and that train of thought needed to stop too. His gaze jumped further down to the shirt clinging to Tony’s stomach, to the v of his hip bones poking out of his pants, and his own grew a little tighter.
(See the end of the chapter for
The first time a floral printed pillow ended up on his sofa, he didn’t think much of it beyond, “ew.”
NOTES:
Thank you! ^_^
The jangling sound behind Tony had him fortifying his position, bracing himself for the inevitable; the angry too much sex they both craved and needed right now.
Tony grunted when he felt the pressure of two rather than the customary one, and then they were breaching him. It wasn’t too much, but it was still a burn and a stretch, and Steve was not taking his time. Not today.
“Mmm. Airways feel minty and crisp.” Tony let his head roll to the side to gaze at Steve through heavily lidded eyes. “Can airways feel minty?”
------
“That’d be nice. Thanks, Tony.” Steve replied with a slight smile, genuine appreciation lighting in his sapphire blue eyes.
It had started out small, like most obsessions did. It was the cuts and burns, old and new, that covered them. It was that Steve didn’t have to feel them to know how weathered and rough they were.
By the time they pass the automatic doors of the emergency department Tony looks worse. He’s as pale as paste, his eyes are closed, and he coughs and blood spittles down his chin.
When he first felt the floor shake and heard the distant sound of what had to be an explosion, he assumed the sensory deprivation hallucinations had started. It wasn’t until the sounds grew closer, and his captors’ shouting became more panicked that he thought maybe he wasn’t imagining things. He maneuvered himself into a corner of the room and waited.
Tony let out a low chuckle before pressing his lips to hers. “Well, in that case Ms. Potts I am incapable of moving forward with our discussion. The level of distraction is too much for my perverse mind.”
Then a few weeks later he opened the cupboard in the communal kitchen only to be faced by three ancient looking, paisley and floral patterned mugs. He wrinkled his nose at them, and pushed them aside in favor of a Pac Man one.
For a few long seconds Steve just stared at him, and then his face was breaking into one of his free smiles. The kind that were rare and Tony strived to collect. “How’d I get such an amazing fella?”
“A road trip?” Tony returned inquisitively, looking up from his soldering.
“Yeah. Guess so. Too bad.” Tony feigned disappointment.
“Wanna see you come on my cock. We both know you can do it.”
It was only a few minutes into Tony’s rant about super soldier resistant training equipment when Steve caught himself smiling at Tony far too affectionately. He had to quickly stuff his mouth with scalding pizza to stop himself.
He’s sure they’d only made it another mile before Steve tripped and fell to his knees. Tony steadied him by the shoulders and ducked his head to try to catch his eye.
The two settled in, and Tony turned on The Two Towers, a favorite comfort movie of theirs. He didn’t spend much time watching it, focusing instead on Steve. The super soldier devoured both boxes, confirming Tony’s suspicions he hadn’t been eating enough. Tony was expecting him to be hit by a food coma that would knock him out, but instead Steve pulled out his phone, presumably checking his email, and what Tony had cleared from his calendar. Tony kind of wanted to yell at him, maybe chuck his phone against the wall. Instead he leaned his head against Steve’s shoulder.
It's Tony's turn to intervene.
He turned his back on Steve, swung the door open, and left.
It was the only thing Tony could think about for the first five minutes of the walk he and Steve were taking down to their favorite hot dog cart, Tank happily trotting loose leash by Steve’s side.
It was a board meeting today, and so Steve got to witness Tony tucking the shirt into his pin striped slacks. His hands glided over all the fabric to smooth out any wrinkles, and then it was on to picking a watch.
NOTES:
“Steve! Shit!” Tony shouted, and then his entire body tensed and shuddered. Steve’s lips parted and he massaged Tony’s cheeks through his climax. There was something satisfying and hot as heck about watching Tony cum from dry humping a pillow while being spanked.
“But then Sam told me I should rescue one instead, because you’d like that better, and of course he was right. So…” Tony finally stopped jabbering and took a deep breath. “Yeah. He’s yours. Hence the bow.” Tony held it up, smiling weakly. Now that he was trying to explain himself, he wasn’t sure it was a good idea anymore. He’d bought Steve a freaking dog!
It wasn’t long after Steve had let go of his preconceived opinions of the genius and looked passed the file, that he realized he liked him as a person, and it was even less time before he realized that liking him as a person had lifted a veil, and he could see how damn good-looking he was too.
“Oh my god! What is wrong with you?!”
Rated E.
Apparently this was the wrong thing to say. Not that Tony notices, eyes drifting closed and then peaking open again, as if battling sleep. Steve throws his head up to look at the paramedics. There’s a crack in his I-Must-Be-Strong-For-Tony armor, showing how scared he really is.
The two boarded the elevator, and arrived in the lobby a minute early. Which was probably a record for Tony.
NOTES:
Steve’s hand was able to wrap around Tony’s neck until his fingers met in the back. His other hand lay flat against the wall beside Tony’s head, trapping him in.
He’s not sure about all of that. What he is sure of is he’s sick of it. Sick of the nightmares that had him avoiding sleep, and that plagued him when he couldn’t resist it anymore. Sick of his own short temper, and the way everything new felt utterly and completely overwhelming.
Hours went by, and every time the elevator doors opened Tony perked up only to deflate, until finally they slid open to reveal his hunkasaurus rex.
Major character death. Grief. Angst. NOT HAPPY.
The ambulance comes to a jolted stop, and the doors are torn open. The paramedics don’t wait for Steve as they unload Tony. There’s so many nurses and doctors Steve nearly gets lost in them. Taking advantage of his height and presence, he gets back to Tony’s side as he’s loaded on a larger hospital stretcher.
“We’ll take him.”
Years of practice kept Tony from revealing his true emotion, in this case panic. With a lopsided smile he gave Steve a light pat on the cheek and insisted casually, “Have fun.” Before lightly pushing Steve so he could slide passed him, sauntering out of the workshop, leaving Steve there by himself.
It was contagious. Tony immediately grinned, and then joined in with Steve’s wild guffawing.
Sometimes, most times, Tony reacted this way when Steve got back from a no communications mission. Steve didn’t blame him. Rather he understood. It was the same fear he felt when Tony was in a battle, that Tony would get hurt, would die.
When they broke the tree line Tony heaved Steve faster and harder. “Medical! NOW!”
Pepper glared between the two and then sighed. “Alright. In you get. We don’t want to keep the sharks waiting.” Happy helped her into the limo, and Steve and Tony followed, doing their best to look appropriately chastised.
“Steeeeeeve.”
It only took him seconds to find a jar of Vaseline. He quickly applied the lube substitute to his fingers, and pressed two to Tony’s opening.
“Shuttup.”
“Come on, Tony. I thought you loved me no matter what.”
“Yes, sir. I quite agree.”
“What? That I stopped you from overdosing on allergy medication, and I’m forcing you to rest before you keel over?”
When he reached Steve’s side of the bed he had to risk blocking out some light. He did so slowly, and then stayed absolutely still. Steve wiggled his nose but otherwise was unaffected. Perfect.
Every time Steve called him doll warmth pooled in his chest, and he didn’t feel a smidgen of embarrassment or distaste. The fact that Steve used it sparingly helped it to not lose its potency.
Hurt Tony. Scared Steve. Injury. Blood. Angst.
So, Tony posted himself in the lobby of the tower. It was almost always empty, and it was kind of boring, but he refused to miss Steve’s arrival. He passed the time getting lost in plans to make the lobby into a cool hang out spot for Peter and friends, and when the automatic doors finally slid open to reveal the good Captain, Tony had nearly completed them.
“Yeah, I think so. They’ve mostly just been trying to get me to fly over the cuckoos nest. Nearly got there too.”
“I second that.” Tony replied grimly. Hugo still hadn’t moved except to tilt his head to the side. Tony crouched down on the cement floor and tilted his head to mirror Hugo’s. “Hey, buddy.”
“Tony, we have to get some sleep. What if-” He mumbled into the kiss.
“Nope. Not at all, big guy. I love it.” Tony smiled and pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek, then glared in challenge at Clint.
Now that he was being challenged to actually consider it, which come on, rude, he paused to mull it over. Steve was going out to buy people’s old as dirt possessions, and decorating the tower with them because...Well, he must like them. Probably because he was technically old as dirt too, and he was surrounded by the most modern decor possible courtesy of his futurist boyfriend. The antiques made it feel like home to him. The realization made Tony wince.
Steve’s fever only got worse, as Tony had thought it would and Steve had tried to tell him to forget about. Steve had accelerated healing, which was normally great, except for when bacteria got into his body. It took advantage of Steve’s accelerated cells to dig its claws of infection in quicker, and stronger, and then the skin would heal over it, trapping it in.
Now standing toe to toe, Tony firmly wrapped a chilly armored arm around Steve’s waist, whose face erupted with glee. The only time he got to ride with Iron Man was on assignment. He always wished he could actually enjoy it, but he couldn’t, wouldn’t, while in mission mode.
“See ya later, dollie!” Clint shouted after him. Tony flicked him off above his head.
If Helen Cho was at the tower with the cradle they wouldn’t have to worry about jolting Tony around. But she wasn’t, and by the time she would get there it would be too late.
“Well, paint me green and call me lucky!”
Steve deflated a bit more. “There’s just so much to do. So many people who need help.”
Gaze hardening even more, Steve kept Tony pinned one handed, and yanked open the closest drawer to him to carelessly rummage through it. No matter how angry they got, he didn’t want to cause Tony any everlasting damage.
“Just, do one thing for me.” Tony moved around the table and towards Steve, the look in his eyes shifting to something that made Steve’s pulse rabbit and could only be described as provocative. Tony stopped inches from him, having to tilt his head up to make eye contact. Steve went completely still.
Steve shrugged him off. “Out with what?”
Tension leaked out of Steve and he delivered a few more well placed thwacks. Each one wrung a different noise from Tony, and he found himself being more turned on by the sounds and the sight of Tony’s ass jiggling than he was by the actual act of spanking him.
“Nothing?” Steve gauked as he took in the look on Tony’s face, the razor on the floor, and the kit on the table. One hand came up to his face and touched his upper lip. At first Tony though Steve was pissed, but then he burst into laughter. The kind of true laughter that adults didn’t laugh often.
Steve snorted. “Pot, kettle.”
Return of Code Kissing the Choo Choo! :P
And then Steve was bent over him, and he latched his teeth to the back of Tony’s neck.
“I’ll be back around one.” He leaned over and traced his fingers down Steve’s cheek and jaw to grab his chin. Steve visibly shivered and Tony smirked. “Be here if you want me to take care of that hankering, soldier.”
“Change into these. Exactly these. Then sit your ass in bed.” Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek and went back to the elevator. As he’d asked, the lift was back and inside of it were bags of take out.
Tony’s frown deepened as the woman explained, and he heard Sam mutter “assholes” behind him.
“Tony, you’re a fighter. So fight, you hear me?” He’s not aware of where they’re going, or that they’ve reached the double doors to the O.R. until a nurse stops, forcing him to come up short.
Tony still looked disbelieving when he replied, “Alright, Run along now, soldier. Wouldn’t want to keep the chain of command waiting.”
With each passing minute Steve relaxed a bit more. The movie was halfway over by the time the hand in Tony’s finally went limp.
It’s not long before Tony’s need to get inside Steve overruns his need not to hurt him. Not that he really would. They were careful when it came to prep.
He didn’t add or replace as much as he subtracted. He purposely would remove the throw pillows from a room, and within days they would be replaced by worn in ones of various designs.
He supposed he should say something. He hadn’t said one damn thing the entire time he’d sat vigil at Steve’s grave.
There was a ruler that was tempting, a belt that he winced at, a hairbrush, and a wooden spatula. He picked up the hairbrush and tested the heft of it, giving it a practice swing. It was wider than the other options, and he liked the surface area. He didn’t want to leave cuts or welts. Pleased with his decision, he took a moment to gently caress Tony’s lower back.
Everything went still, their presence and entrance apparently shocking, and then commotion exploded around them.
Tony flinched as if Steve had struck him. He recovered quickly, and sneered, “well then we both might have died, but you know who wouldn’t? The innocent civilians. Or are you putting our lives over there’s now, Captain America?”
“Uhhh. Hey, Shellhead.” He lowered the painting and faced it in towards his leg, trying to take the focus of attention off it.
“No, and I know you’ve noticed too. Steve’s into you.”
-------
“Hey, there handsome!” Steve exclaimed and grabbed the dogs head, petting it behind the ears. The dog licked his face, and Steve felt a little lighter. “And what’s your name?”
“Me? Your plan would have taken twice as long. Twice the casualties!” Tony fumed.
Slowly, things became more mismatched. It set Tony’s teeth on edge, but the effect it had on Steve was visible, and if the small compromises he was making did that, he was more than okay with it.
“Hey, Tony.” Steve briefly brushed his lips over Tony’s cheek, and then headed for the elevator. Tony didn’t take offense to the cursory greeting, and followed close behind him. “Jarvis, Business level please.”
Tony’s own need to lay claim to his boyfriend had him twisting until he could get his teeth on Steve’s neck. He made a mental note to ask Jarvis for the footage later. He was sure they looked like a couple of vampires the way they were twisted and pressed together, sucking and biting at each other’s flesh like maniacs.
When Tony invited Steve to try out some of the new gym equipment he’d been working on, because of course he was manufacturing it himself, Steve hadn’t given his answer of yes a second thought.
He’d meant it when he’d told Cap that following wasn’t really his style.
“Jarvis?”
He swallowed a few more times, because he liked to get Steve wound up, until Steve’s hand tangled itself in his hair and gave it an urging tug. Tony pulled off completely and smirked up at his lover.
E is for Earmuffs.
Calloused hands took hold of Steve’s narrow waist, and Tony began moving Steve in addition to his snapping hips, slamming him back onto his cock as he thrusted forward. Moaning, Steve’s hands scrambled for better purchase against the dresser. It pounded into the wall to the rhythm of their movements.
Not waiting or asking permission, Tony shoved the shield down so he could get a better look at Steve’s right side. Sure as shit there was a deep gash running over his ribs. It wouldn’t have been anything to worry about, except that if it got infected before it could heal, which it probably would, Steve would be at risk.
Steve’s answer of laughter filtering from the bathroom was not reassuring.
“What? Nothing!”
And then he had felt how rugged they were, and the scope of his interest expanded. They scratched slightly against his skin, and they felt capable. They were capable. They were nimble, and dexterous. And they had a strength that only an engineer as actively involved in his craft could.
“Ohhh. Aren’t you just a cutie. Hewwo. Hewwo baby cutie. Ohhh, whos a floof? Yous a floof.”
------
Which left one person, but that didn’t make sense either. Why would Steve bring him coffee? He wasn’t obligated to, the workshop wasn’t on Steve’s way somewhere, and he’d only recently stopped shooting Tony glares of disapproval. Besides, Steve seemed like the type who would eventually lecture Tony about implementing a regular sleeping and eating schedule.
“Says you.” Tony groused, but didn’t put up a fight when Steve busied himself with fixing Tony up. The taller shook his head, lips curled in fond amusement as he put the final touches on Tony’s attire. He took a step back, looked Tony up and down, and then nodded.
The woman’s face, Carolyn her name tag read, fell and she looked at Hugo. “When we brought him in we scanned for a microchip like we always do. He had one, but when we called the owners..” She sighed, and there was anger mixed with the sadness now. “His owners said they didn’t want him anymore. Which normally means they lost him on purpose.”
“-you are still so selfish! This isn’t about-” Steve’s tirade was cut off when Tony launched himself at him, smashing their mouths together so fiercely Tony cut Steve’s bottom lip.
Hopefully I'm doing these two justice so far.
They became a fascination for Steve within weeks. When Tony would fall asleep during a movie Steve would trace the contours of his fingers, and the lines across his palms. When Tony was working and Steve was sketching on the couch, it was usually Tony’s hands he was drawing. It was only a short while before he could draw them from memory, and then he figured that was creepy and he should stop. He didn’t.
With the new angle, it wasn’t long before all bets were off. Tony let his head fall forward to rest against the desk, and he released some of the most pornographic sounds he ever had. And he’d actually made sex tapes.
It wasn’t until after Steve had left and Tony was halfway dressed that he realized he hadn’t felt his usual aversion to being called doll. He paused in buttoning his jeans and looked upwards at the ceiling.
Antique shopping. Old fashioned. Decor. Tony is particular. Tony has an aesthetic. Comfort. Familiarity. Steve Rogers feels. Tony Stark has a heart.
Ever so carefully, Tony brought the razor to Steve’s face, heart now hammering more out of excitement. Finally his foe would be defeated!
“And now, I must descent to my mad scientist lair.” Tony announced. He gave Steve’s ass a quick and discreet squeeze as he left the two in the communal kitchen, heading to the elevator and still red in the cheeks.
------
Just then Tank let out an excited bark and they both looked down at him in surprise. So far he’d taken well to his training, and instead of sniffing around and reacting to the busy world around them, he’d been sitting beside Steve, head on a swivel, “checking his six” as Steve would call it.
They had talked about this particular kink exploration ad nauseum. Despite Tony having done it before, Steve couldn’t help but be cautious. They had established boundaries, and both promised to speak up with their designated safe words if they were in too much pain, or just straight up hating it.
Panicked, Steve frantically dug his phone out of his jacket pocket. “Did we get called in? Why didn’t I get-”
“Your turn, babe.” Tony growled as he quickly unbuckled his jeans. As soon as his dick hit the air he wrapped his hand around the both of them and began pumping. Before Steve could say anything for or against the development, Tony’s other hand wrapped around Steve’s throat.
“But, but Nat. It’s-”
-------
After only seconds Steve released Tony’s wrists in favor of getting his hands on any other part of Tony he could. He scratched his nails down his sides and then grabbed his ass, squeezing his cheeks and then using his grip to press their hips flush together. Their clothed dicks rubbed against each other and Tony gasped sharply.
Tony leaned forward, head tipped up to whisper in Steve’s ear. “Come on, big guy.”
His brain screamed at him the entire way to his lab to turn around and go apologize.
The action forced Steve deep down Tony’s throat, and Steve held him there, until Tony was choking and desperate for air. Then he pulled him back, fucked his mouth a bit more, and did it all over again.
The small show of affection had the desired effect on Tony. He tried to act nonchalant.“Yeah, yeah. Go for it.” But he was relaxed against Steve’s solid mass. What could he say? Steve was like heroin.
“Fucking jesus.” Tony let his head thud down against his work table. He had work to do. He always had work to do. Which is exactly why this shit was not allowed. He reached down the table, blindly grasping around until he found the bottle he was looking for. The pills rattled sweetly as he pulled it towards him.
“Alright, doll. Can’t be getting in with your clothes on.” Steve murmured, his voice lilting with the Brooklyn drawl it sometimes took on. His hands moved fluidly to both support Tony and slip his shirt over his head. The only help Tony offered was stepping out of his pants.
For a moment Steve floundered between glaring and conceding. As soon as Tony threw the word honor into the ring Steve’s shoulders sagged a bit, and Tony could practically hear the winning bell.
After awhile he forced himself to stop loving on her, and moved on to the next cage. The little Yorkie yipped at them, and Tony immediately slid away.
Rated E.
“Perfect.”
“A Mikey footlong for me, please, and one with no bun for this guy.” Steve patted Tank on the head, his smile bright and genuine, his cheeks flushed red with the sting of the air.
The doors slam shut behind them, muffling the shouts and disorder of the crowd that had been attending the press conference, and he’s left with the medical talk of the paramedics, and Steve’s face wavering in and out of view.
There was a fresh cup of coffee on the corner of Tony’s desk. He’s unsure how long it had been there, but it’s still hot so it couldn’t have been long. How long it was there wasn’t even the important question. How it got there was.
“Yeah. Dogs are proven to reduce stress, anxiety and depression. They can also be trained to be a PTSD service dog. So, you could do that. If you want. I reserved you a spot just in case. I figured you’d want to train him yourself. Seems more your speed.”
Now he was headed to the shower, which he would have to turn to burning, and leave the door open so he could see that he was, in fact, in Tony and his bathroom.
He didn’t spend any second thoughts at the incidents, until he encountered the flowery painting hanging in the living room that he had definitely not purchased, nor ever would. It looked like something he’d have found in his mother’s tea room.
D is for Desk.
Finally, he had Steve shirtless, and he catapulted himself forward. His mouth latched onto Steve’s shoulder before descending down to his chest to flick his tongue against one of Steve’s nipples. Steve’s breath hitched,  and Tony wrapped his lips around it to suck on it harshly.
C is for Command.
Steve shifted in his sleep and Tony went still and wide eyed. The super soldier promptly settled, but Tony still didn’t move until his own heartbeat slowed down.
Just as Tony started accepting that the usually doable distance was going to defeat them, the sounds of trucks rumbling, and people walking and talking started to filter through the trees. Hysterical hope flared through him, and gave him a final spur of energy.
Before Steve could rightfully accuse Tony of being a tease, he wrapped his lips around the head and suckled lightly. He kept at it until Steve’s hand came to rest on his head, and he finally descended down his shaft until his nose was buried in Steve’s golden pubic hair.
“Commands?!” Tony seethed, his voice taking up every inch of the space of Steve’s office. “I’m sorry, I thought we were your teammates, not your dog sled team.”
“I swear I will go take care of this,” he motioned at his pelvis, “myself if you don’t get a move on!”
Pet name. Nickname. Tooth rotting fluff. Sweet. Soft romantic Steve. Soft boys. Clint is a little shit.
“Tony.”
They reached their destination, and as soon as they were through the threshold Steve slammed the door. He must have restrained himself, because it didn’t break.
“I know. I just like ‘em.”
Relieved, Steve’s lips quirked up slightly. “No, that’s okay. I prefer my bike.”
After a long exhale Steve replied, “do I want to try it? Yes. Do I want to hurt you? No.”
------
The sound Tony made could only be described as half sob and half laugh. Almost? That was an understatement. He’d been tortuously built up to the precipice and kept there for too long. He moved to grab himself. One jerk and he’d be done. A hand grabbed his wrist and his dick actually twitched.
“It’s no problem.” Tony cocked his head to the side, studying Steve, calculating the situation, and yup, he was going for it. Reckless or not. His instincts could be wrong, but not Pepper’s.
His eyes glinted with enthusiasm as he gestured, orchestrating the holograms as visual aids. It was a wonder that Tony’s mouth could keep up with his brain, his words falling over each other and still somehow intelligible, even though sometimes around mouth fulls of pizza. Steve listened intently, his clear interest in the conversation bolstering Tony on.
Steve wasn’t abashed at all, and shrugged. “Been waiting a long time to call someone my doll.”
It was fuzzy, no. It was too bristly to be fuzzy. Whatever, it didn’t matter. Either way it resembled a dark blonde caterpillar who had made it’s home on Steve’s upper lip. Literally on it. His pretty pink cupid’s bow hid behind the curtain of hair and Tony wanted to knock the damn thing off Steve’s face.
When the door of his workshop slid closed behind him Tony sagged back against it.
“I’m curious. How do you know he’s used to living in a home?”
After a few minutes Steve tenderly pulled out of Tony, and tucked himself back into his pants. Without a word, he turned and stormed out of the workshop. Tony was sure if it wasn’t a sliding door, he would have slammed it.
G is for Grave.
More fluff and smut to come. And finally, angst!
Not for the first time an enemy had set their sights on dismantling the Avengers. They didn’t all try it in the same way, but the gist seemed to be divide and conquer. These particular assholes had executed a Hulk smear campaign as their first move, and apparently their second one was to kidnap Tony.
Tony opted to rumble his own muffled, “mine,” while he worried Steve’s flesh between his teeth, refusing to let go.
His only two options flashed through Tony’s mind. Go ahead and bring back help, or drag Steve the rest of the way. So really he only had one option. Tony couldn’t leave Steve behind. Wouldn’t. He maneuvered around him, and shifted Steve’s body so his back was against Tony’s legs. Taking a deep breath, Tony looped his arms under Steve’s armpits and walked backwards.
“Steve!” Tony stepped in front of the dog, as if he could hide it. “You-you’re here! Um. I-”
Meanwhile Steve didn’t think that Tony even kept them. Tony was a sentimental person despite all his assertions that he wasn’t, but Steve just couldn’t imagine Tony keeping a trove of letters. If anything he probably scanned them into a computer or something. Hard copies weren’t Tony’s thing.
“Tony stay with me!” Steve orders as he climbs in after Tony. He’s pretty sure Steve believed if he ordered someone to live they would.
It smelled like piss, and it was nearly impossible to hear Sam over the commotion of the dogs. Kennels lined either side of the room, each one inhabited by a hopeful furry face. A woman was talking to them, providing information on the adoption process no doubt. Tony ignored her in favor of looking down both lines of cages.
With one hard press Tony popped through the ring of muscle, and he shoved his way inside. The action is accompanied by both of them moaning. It was relief, it was pleasure, and it was a little bit of pain. It was what they needed.
A hand to the small of his back snapped him out of his frenzy. “Uh. Yeah. Just keeping these- for safe keeping. Can’t throw ‘em out, right? Could scan and burn them but that just seems wrong, doesn’t-”
“Yup. Stinking Adorable.”
“Who else?”
After spitting into the sink, Tony turned his head to look over his shoulder. “Make ‘em blueberry and we got a deal.”
The two worked out all their silly cackling, and slowly wound down to heavy breaths, huffs and occasional chuckles, sitting side by side in bed and clutching their stomachs.
“You ready?”
Immediately Steve relaxed, and his concern broke into a dopey smile. “Good.” He returned to smearing peanut butter on his five pieces of toast, and Tony poured himself some more coffee while he pointedly ignored the gagging faces Clint was making.
At first Tony kept pace, unaware that Steve had given him free reign. It wasn’t until Steve’s fingers trailed back down, raising goosebumps on his heated flesh, that he realized he was free to set the pace again. He’s too desperate to retaliate for the game Steve had played. His hips slammed down, and he surged forward, smashing their lips together.
It had been two weeks since the thing had grown in completely, and Steve still hadn’t gotten rid of it. Despite Tony’s requests/demands, and the media having a field day claiming that Tony had poisoned Captain America so deeply that he was going into the porn business, he wouldn’t do it. Between his patent Captain stubbornness, and the pleasure he got from torturing Tony, the later doubted he’d ever shave it off. No matter what Tony said, whether it was pleas or rational reasons, it didn’t matter.
“I know.” Tony replied easily.
After the limo full of Avenger’s plus Pepper, Rhodey and Happy had been cruising for awhile, everyone properly distracted by conversation, Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him in close to whisper in his ear, “worth it.”
“Kum Kau. All your favorites.” Tony informed him as he pulled out three styrofoam takeaway boxes, one for him, two for Steve.
Porn without plot. Chair sex. Top Steve/Bottom Tony.
About a mile later Tony realized that they were more alone than Steve had originally let on.
It didn’t slow Steve down any. If anything he was moving faster, and in the back of his mind Tony imagined him moving like the agents in the Matrix. A low moaning growl built in the chest pressed against Tony’s back and then Steve shoved him forward flat against the desk again, and grinded his hips, emptying himself deep inside Tony.
Steve expected a fast, wild ride right off the bat. Surprising him, Tony opted for a lazy pace, as if they were taking a leisurely stroll. It allowed Steve to truly take in the view, and absorb every detail. The thousands of lights below were comforting in their presence, and though the wisps of clouds ghosted through his clothes, leaving him damp with chill, it felt ethereal.
Tony finished with his tie and walked casually as ever over to Steve. He grabbed the painting and turned it to get a better look. “Hmmm. Would go best in the bathroom I think. It’s got the same blue as those new hand towels.” Which actually were new, but covered with, in his opinion, heinous flowery swirls.
Their water had long since run out, and the sun was rising steadily. Sweat soaked and muscles screaming, Tony pushed forward, his eyes aflame with determination. There was no way he was going to fail Steve. He couldn’t.
As the minutes ticked on Tony thought he was going to lose his mind. His nerve endings were on fire, and Steve was sucking across his collar bones, paying no mind to the needy way Tony was pulling on his blonde hair.
“It’s alright, Steve. There’s time to take a load off.” Tony slipped up behind him, taking up the role of big spoon. He couldn’t encompass Steve the way he’d like to, but he could still offer the firm pressure of his body against his back, a solid and reassuring presence.
It wasn’t until Steve had a properly long and physically exhausting day that Tony initiated mission Trim the Hedge. The genius knew a lot of things, and one of them was that unless Steve was properly put through what his body considered rigorous activity, he was a light sleeper. It’s unclear whether this was a factor of the serum, or his time fighting in WW2. Probably both.
Wide brown eyes met his in anticipation, and Steve dipped down to press a line of open mouthed kisses down the column of Tony’s throat.
“Bruce? Bruce is too minimalist. Steve? I’ve never seen him-” He stopped and narrowed his eyes at her when she made a ‘yeah, obviously’ face at him.
“Sir?” Jarvis needled.
“And you know that-”
Tony tried to take back some control, to increase the speed even just a bit, but Steve was right, he could do nothing to manipulate the tempo. A thrill shot from his dick to his finger tips. He was at Steve’s mercy. It made him quiver, and he allowed himself to ride the waves of the slow slip and slide Steve was hell-bent on.
This one was inspired by a head canon my buddy Lucien and I have. And I'm so freaking happy I wrote it. Tank may have to return in future stories!
Well, they were almost finished. They might as well get there.
Determination and desperation urged Tony on. It didn’t even feel like he was telling his body to move anymore. It just was. He clenched around Steve while frantically working his hips and legs. The angle wasn’t right though, and Steve knew that. Which Tony had just enough presence of mind to realize was intentional.
It had taken multiple conversations, and several educational sessions to convince Steve that asphyxiation during sex could indeed be safe, and not abusive. And furthermore that enjoying it it was nothing to be ashamed of.
Even though he knew Steve would be looking for him, and if for some reason he couldn’t Rhodey definitely would, as the next few weeks drew on his hope trembled.
“That. Didn’t just happen.” Steve replied flatly.
Tony needed Steve. Needed him on his skin, around him, in his fucking lungs. He smashed their lips together in a harsh kiss with more lust than finesse. The shorter of the two walked forward, rushing Steve backwards until his back hit Tony’s tie dresser. Perfect. Tony grabbed Steve’s hips and spun him around.
The chasm in his chest ached, and he felt like he was about to have another breakdown. But he knew. He knew he had to get up. Steve would have believed in him, and pushed him. He owed Steve to keep going, to keep working towards making the world a better place.
Eyes closed now, Tony struggled to stay awake. He should never have let himself be lulled into such relaxation. It allowed everything to catch up. The running nose, watering eyes, itching throat, and a head full of cotton built on days of little to no sleep or food was too much to contend with. His plans of giving Steve the slip were mere whispers now, and he drifted closer to sleep.
Before Steve could pick a new spot, Tony grabbed his hair and yanked, forcing his head back. He surged forward and latched on high at his throat where everyone could see. He started off sucking hard, carelessly loud, and then bit over the mark he’d raised to the pale skin. Steve moaned and his hands held tighter to Tony’s hips, undoubtedly pressing bruises there as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
Again Tony interrupted him. “I swear Rogers, if you’re about to say it wasn’t the first time I’m gagging you.” He grabbed Steve’s wrists and guided his hands to the edge of the dresser. Taking the hint, Steve braced himself on it, a thrill running down his spine.
At some point while Tony was undressing he had lubed up his fingers. He must have been keeping it on him just for this, and Steve is a little impressed he had the presence of mind for it. Usually Tony would think of something like that and then promptly become distracted by something shiny or that needed improvement.
It still took some coaxing from Tony for Steve to use a heavier grip because the big ole sweetheart was still apprehensive of his own strength. If you asked Tony, Steve was more hyper aware of what he could do than any other person, living or dead.
Okay, so yes. Tony started looking forward to the letters. No one did shit like that anymore. No one sat down and wrote someone else a letter, telling them about their thoughts and what was going on in their lives, how much they cherished you, why they loved you, things that reminded them of you.
It wasn’t until he felt Steve had earned himself the title of a competent leader that he got better about saying yes without argument, and following through with Steve’s orders.
Sitting at the kitchen island, Steve across from him, he switched between glaring at the offending stache and his tablet. Steve probably noticed, but Tony didn’t care. Steve knewhow he felt about it.
H is for Hairbrush.
Abruptly, Steve drew back to straddle Tony’s waist and survey his work. He apparently came to the conclusion that he’d missed a spot, because he dove back down to remedy the situation.
“We’ll get there doll. Lemme have my fun.” Steve replied in a deep baritone.
The doors closed, and Tony rocked back and forth on the balls of his feet, waiting for the moment. The elevator passed the floor dedicated to the Avengers' offices and Steve frowned, head quirked to the side.
Patience wasn’t something Tony had in spades at the moment, and he slammed his hand against the back of the armchair they were sitting on to prove it. Or rather Steve was sitting on while Tony straddled his lap. What had started off as innocent shared chair snuggling, had quickly developed into a make out session, then into hungry hands and scattered clothes.
From then on Tony’s moves were focused on chasing the adrenaline they were both junkies for. Their hearts and guts dropped and lept, while Steve grinned the entire time. Even with Tony’s face hidden by the Iron Man armor Steve knew he was too.
“Great.”
Tony is out of it enough he begins to misidentify his surroundings. He attempts to sit up, but he’s held down by straps securing him to the stretcher.
Employing the ninja precision he’d learned from Tasha, he silently laid the shaving kit out on the nightstand. Once everything was in it’s rightful place he grabbed the shaving cream and then stood there staring at Steve nervously.
The first time Steve called him doll Tony almost choked on his coffee.
“Steve, yousonofabitch!”
As usual, he woke up before the sun. Not one for lounging in bed, he immediately sat up and stretched out his back. After he allowed himself a long yawn he reached for the blanket to throw it off, and realized something that made him pause.
Despite having already done it many times Tony reassured Steve, “It’s supposed to hurt a bit, and if it hurts too much, I’ll say the word.”
When Steve caught his breath enough he wrapped his arms around Tony and held him close. The afterglow of fuzzy warmth and contentment he was chasing surrounded them like a bubble. He turned his head to press his lips against Tony’s temple, and then couldn’t find it in him to move, so he just kept them pressed there as he waited for Tony’s breaths to even out more. Even with the arc reactor removed, his lung capacity wasn’t what it used to be.
The sun was sinking and taking some of the heat with it. It was muggy, and Tony welcomed the cool evening air. He had been sitting here for...he didn’t know how long. The back of his neck pulsed with sunburn, but it didn’t matter. Not to Tony.
Hands guided by his own anger, Steve dragged his nails down Tony’s back to grab handfuls of his ass. His nails dug in and he wrenched Tony closer against himself. It forced Tony to stand on his toes in order to keep control of the kiss, and apparently Tony didn’t like that, because he bit Steve’s tongue. Hard.
Tony’s fingernails were cut short as always. It left the tips of Tony’s fingers exposed, but he said he preferred that over breaking, or losing, a nail. They drummed against the side of the watch case, and Steve let his head fall backwards to stare unabashedly.
Hello amazing readers!
The rush of love that came up through Tony’s chest shot up into his throat and split his face into a foolish grin. He smashed his lips against Steve’s while pulling him closer, completely ignoring that they had an audience.
Emotion rose into his throat again and he whispered, “I know, Steve. I will. Just...Not yet.” Tony leaned his head back and tears freely rolled down his cheeks and behind his ears.
“Tony. Think about it. He gets these things at antique shops, and puts them around the tower. Why do you think that is?”
Steve’s eyes flashed and he walked forward, head tipped down so they were nose to nose. “Yes. You did. No one knew what you were doing. What if their reactions put them at risk too? What if Natasha had tried to offer you aid, and she got taken out? What then?”
“Where the hell are the others?” Tony finally demanded when they had to stop so he could catch his breath.
As his brain starts to catch up to what’s happening Tony tries to press his hands against the abdominal wound, stopped by Steve’s larger hands holding his own. There was blood all over Steve’s hands, all over him. Just before Tony is about to ask if Steve’s hurt he realizes it’s his own.
J is for Joyride.
A few minutes passed before he deemed Steve asleep enough, and himself ready enough. He dispensed a small dollop of shaving cream onto his hand and then carefully applied it across the source of his torture.
“Tank.” The dog’s ears perked and Steve grinned. “You like the sound of that? Tank?” The dog barked and started dancing from foot to foot, which must have been what Steve had mistaken for the potty dance sound earlier.
(See the end of the chapter for
It had only been two days since Steve had taken Tony up on his offer to stay at the tower, and he was already beginning to think he’d made a mistake. And he couldn’t do anything about it.
“What? Why?” Steve straightened, trying to get a look at any part of the chair. Had they broken it? Stained it beyond repair?
And slow he went. He lifted one hand and landed it on Tony’s left cheek in a soft, uncertain slap. The usually snarky genius didn’t comment on the hesitance. He was fully aware that this kind of play was new to Steve, and he needed time to warm up and orientate himself.
“Not a word.” He promised. And he meant it.
H is for Hands.
“Can you stand?”
“Well, then has Thor discovered antique shops? Because these,” Tony motioned to the bar stools lined up against the island, “seat covers have to be from the 50’s, and not in a wow what a cool vintage find way.”
C is for Choke.
More tension seemed to leak from Steve. Whether it was from the adoration Tony had just looked at him with, the smell of food, or both, Tony didn’t know or care. He strode over and set the bags on the storage ottoman at the end of their bed.
By the fifth pass Tony was so turned on he could have rubbed himself off over his jeans. But that wasn’t nearly as fun as what he could do instead.
“We got this, big guy.”
Steve leaned forward and released Tony’s hips to instead brace on the desk on either side of him. It made a sound shake from Tony and he rose to steady himself on one hand, and then reached back and grabbed Steve’s hip with the other.
------
Tony didn’t respond with anything near Steve’s concern. He just rolled over and whined. “Let’s be late.”
Both of them spent, they sagged against each other. Steve’s chest heaved as his body caught up, and he wrapped his arms around Tony's waist. So far, Tony hadn't been wrong about spicing up their sex life. It was fun, it felt good, and nothing they'd done so far had spent him into a spiral of shame. Maybe they could try that impact play thing next.
Steve shuffled them closer to the tub. Even though he could have Jarvis start up the jets, he liked to do it himself, and he fiddled one handed with the knobs to the hot tub sized bath, getting the temperature just right and adding some scented oils.
Another, “Tony.” This one more of a warning.
Tony’s thoughts of sucking Steve’s brains out through his dick were rudely interrupted by the voice of his very own A.I.
“It’s okay. I’ve got you. We’re going to make it.”
“Congratulations. Your testosterone has taken on a visible shape.” Tony growled back before he swept his arm over the work table he was now staring at, sending papers, pens, hand tools, and snips of wire across the floor. It didn’t matter to him who was pitching, as long as it was fast and hard for both of them.
“Oh, it did. Don’t worry. He should be used to shit like this by now.” Without any hesitation Tony resumed their pace as if they hadn’t just been interrupted by Tony’s best friend catching the entire show. Dick balls deep, Steve’s pale ass, and all.
“No, you’re just not holding the leash how he likes it.”
With a grin Steve conceded a bit, adding another finger. He liked taking his time opening Tony up, feeling the resistance he started with, and the way he split and spread until he was gaping. He rubbed and pressed against Tony’s satin inner walls, lingering longer than necessary until Tony growled heatedly.
Tony huffed, “it’s on mine.” but didn’t push the issue. The outcome would be a stalemate anyways. One of Steve’s large, capable hands worked its way through Tony’s hair, combing it and scratching his scalp. The touches were exceedingly gentle, and the last of Tony’s thoughts of resistance disintegrated.
Intrigued brown eyes met his, and a cocky smirk spread Tony’s lips. Now that Steve had that bright intoxicating gaze he was mad for, he allowed him to move. Tony arched the small of his back and sank onto Steve’s cock. As much as he wanted to just drop down, that obviously wasn’t Steve’s pace today, and he figured he could humor him. A little.
And doing a good job of it. The vendor was staring at them expectantly, their order in hand.
“I like all dogs. You gotta problem with that?”
There were a few, but Tony shook his head. “No, I want to see them all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Damn.” Steve quickly jumped off the bed and rushed over to the mirror.
The hand in Tony’s hair tightened. Tony stilled and rolled his eyes up to look at Steve. The man was blissed out, his pupils dilated, cheeks dusted with pink, and lips parted. And then Tony let Steve take over. His hips pushed, sliding his dick in and out of Tony’s mouth at a leisurely pace. It wasn’t long before the tempo changed, and he used his grip to shove Tony down and thrust forward at the same time.
“Alright, man. Anyone jumping out at you?”
The workshop fell suffocatingly quiet after that. Steve stayed inside Tony, his hand braced on the small of his back and head bowed as his chest heaved. Tony lay boneless on the desk, breaths puffing against the glass, heavy lidded eyes focused on the mess he’d swept onto the floor.
“I told you I was. I warned-”
“Hugo, huh?” He had been brought in as a stray. He was also used to living in a home and was good with people.
(See the end of the chapter for
The two marched down the gleaming hall of the business level. Steve was half in combat gear, and Tony still wore his undersuit. They looked like a united front, in pace together and glowering. In reality, they were ready to ram heads.
Tony raised his voice enough to speak over Steve, “and two. Do you really think I would deny you the comfort of familiarity? I’m not that much of an asshole.”
Porn with minimal plot. (Let’s be honest no plot.) Smut. Top Steve/Bottom Tony. Steve and Tony fight. Angry sex. Workshop sex. Hard sex. Rough sex.
By the time he’d returned Steve was sitting in bed and Tony's eyes erupted with hearts. As much as Tony loved Steve’s skin tight shirts, he also adored seeing him like this. The shirt was thin with use and a little too big, and the plaid pajama pants were the kind of soft you could see.
Feeling loopy Tony smiles up at Steve and giggles, “I must have lost a lot, huh?”
“Hey, that’s the point of Code Kissing the Choo Choo. To stop the other from killing themselves.” Tony kept up the massage, but reduced the amount of pressure he was using.
Unable to keep it in any longer, he screamed at the grass, “It was supposed to be me! It was my grenade, dammit! You just couldn’t let it be anyone but you! Mr. Fucking Noble Self Sacrificing Asshole! You-” Tony twisted his neck to bury his face into his own shoulder.
Two of Tony’s rough mechanic fingers slid into Steve in one go, causing him to gasp and his toes to curl into the carpet. Clearly, Tony was impatient. He’d prep Steve enough, but quicker than usual. Steve loved when Tony got like this, and he tipped his head back, relishing in the feeling of Tony’s fingers moving in and out of him, swirling and scissoring every other pass.
Don’t make promises you can’t keep. Tony’s voice echoes in his head.
The moderate pace lasted longer than Steve thought Tony was capable of. When they reached an open field he came to a halt, and then dove down towards the swaying grass. Wildness expanded in Steve’s chest, and his heart pumped it’s own erratic drum solo. Even as the ground grew closer he didn’t dare close his watering eyes. At the last possible second Tony pulled out of the dive, and hurtled upwards again, the action accompanied by Steve’s holler of appreciation.
Tony took it in hand and then paused to look up at Steve. The color of Steve’s eyes seemed darker than their usual pale blue, and it sent a shiver of pride and delight down Tony’s spine. He gave Steve’s dick one soft, slow stroke, and Steve’s lips parted with a shaky breath.
Without skipping a beat Tony pulled out and then drove forward again. There’s no casual, measured build up. Not today. Not with what Tony was chasing. It’s only after a few thrusts that Tony doubled the pace.
“Steve’s might heal up by the time we get there?” Tony tried.
“Good thing I’m stronger than you then.” Steve countered as he used that strength to slowly lower Tony back onto his cock.
The application of the shaving cream wasn’t the best, but it would have to. If Steve got razor burn, well it’d heal before morning.
In a disconnected corner of Tony’s mind he knew this is when he needed to back down, to meet Steve in the middle. It was clear that Steve was mad because he’d been scared. Not because Tony had challenged his authority. But instead of the, ‘I’m sorry. We should work on a compromise for when situations like this happen’ that should have come out, he declared a flat;
That earns him a huff and a small smirk, and Steve grins, the toothy shining one Tony loved so much.
“Tony, it’s me. It’s Steve.” He sounded breathless, and raspier than normal, but there was no denying it was Steve’s voice.
This only confused Steve more, and the look on his face must have said so.
Steve frowned. “I’m sure it’s a little outdated, but is it really that bad?” He looked so disappointed that Tony immediately felt guilty. It was a sweet name back in the 40’s after all. Of course Steve would like and want to use it. Like he’d said, he’d never had the chance before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Vibrating with emotion, Steve turned and swept his lamp clear off his desk, sending it shattering against the wall. “Dammit, Tony!” He turned away and wiped his hand down his face. “Don’t you get it?” He turned to look at Tony again. “You scared me! And yes, the civilians are my priority, but I can’t run the gamble on your life all the damn time. And you know what? We don’t know that more civilians would have died if we’d gone with my plan. You. Don’t. Know that.” Steve’s chest heaved.
“I’ll take first watch.” He still rasped.
For a long while Tony stood and sipped at the coffee, staring at the papers strewn about his desk but not really seeing them. It was an oddly sweet thing for Steve to do. Then again, it could have just been a friendly gesture. Another, ‘I sure am sorry for those nasty things I said’ olive branch.
Tony was so busy admiring Steve that he didn’t realize the owner was staring at him expectantly.
Shamelessly, Tony lay on his stomach, a cushion under his hips to elevate his ass, and his head pillowed on his arms. He was trusting, while Steve was apprehensive.
No one would ever be able to fill the hole where Steve used to be. Not in Tony’s life, not in their friends’ lives, and not on their team.
I'm sorry that I'm not sorry.
“Oh..” Steve replied sheepishly. “So, what’s with the suit then? You better not be wearing that for our date.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had a theory that Tank knew what they were saying, and acted premeditatedly at least 95% of the time. Which is why the CRASH that followed Steve’s sentence didn’t surprise him.
It wasn’t long before Tony’s cheeks had turned a delightful shade of pink, and on the last few strikes he had emitted soft moans. Steve figured Tony might be ready to step it up a notch, and he leaned back to assess the items Tony had laid out for him.
Not one for being a spectator, Tony’s hands moved south. One rested on Steve’s shoulder while the other tweaked one of his rosey tight nipples. It earned him a buck of Steve’s hips before Steve returned to his unhurried pace. Sometimes he got like this, so invested in the moment that he could hold out for what felt like forever to Tony. Endlessly patient, Steve soaked in every sensation.
Because these two are really good at fighting.
“It’s not like it was the first-”
The floor slid beneath him as Steve began his way out of the workshop to the elevator. Tony stayed limp, and grumbled, “yes.” He could feel the rumble in Steve’s chest against his thighs when the other man chuckled.
The laugh Steve earned was gold, and he smiled even wider. In the suit they were the same height, and Steve curved his arms around Tony’s shoulders. Once he was settled and holding on tight, Tony’s mask slipped down, and he shot up off the balcony.
“You can’t just use that whenever you want, Tony. It’s meant for extreme circumstances.”
“Hey, just want you to look at me.” Steve cajoled. He was painfully hard, leaking and roaring to go, but he wanted to see Tony’s face, the way his expression changed as he finally took Steve inside him.
I’m so sorry for going MIA on this. Life has been hectic, in both kind and not kind ways. So here’s a short simple fluff to get back into the swing of things!
“I know.” Steve deflated. “I was just hoping, you know maybe-”
The group took off at a jog to a nearby medical tent, Tony clutching Steve’s hand and eyes hard with conviction.
There was a second blanket on top of the one he’d brought with him. A second blanket he had not put there himself.
This wasn’t a regular occurrence. Every once in awhile they were both bulldozed by the need to claim, to mark each other’s flesh with bruises, teeth marks, and nail scratches. It was impossible to predict what was going to set the urge off.
Every time Tony reacted equally as affectionate in return, and ignored that it made him want to wrinkle his nose. It was worth it to see how happy it made Steve.
For the 1,494th time he gingerly swept his hand over the name etched into the marble, and then he went back to trace the letters.
Unable to not smile a bit as he sighed in disapproval he took in the damage. Thankfully, it hadn’t been anything fragile. It was just a mess.
And apparently, Clint agreed.
The rest of the team plus a few others were already waiting for them. Pepper checked her watch in thinly veiled surprise, proving that Tony was never so timely.
It was only seconds before Tony was reassured he needn’t have worried. Steve’s hands came up to settle on Tony’s waist, and then he returned the kiss with fervor. Adrenaline shot through both of them, and a fire lit low in Tony’s belly. He pulled more insistently on Steve, and was rewarded with a quiet groan.
He was sure Pepper caught him too, but she didn’t say anything.
“No. Sit. Sit.” Tony sighed in exasperation. “Come on. You did it for Sam!”
The thighs bracketing Steve bunched with tension and then relaxed, while Tony’s lips parted. Each exhale had an audible sound to it, and Steve knew Tony had finally surrendered completely. He rewarded him by leaning forward and latching onto his throat, sucking hard and slow, pleased with the ragged whimper it pulled from Tony.
“That’s my man.” Tony softened, and ran a hand down Steve’s arm to squeeze his hand. “You can go back to being maniacally obsessive about saving the world tomorrow.” Now that Steve had acquiesced the doors slid open, revealing their floor of the tower.
