Sherlock stayed silent, his eyes flicking from side to side as he organized every thought in his head. John knew this was what he was doing- he did it every time he came to a decision- but this time, it was slower... More methodical... Like his mind couldn't process all of the information at one time.
Sherlock closed his eyes when John's hand rubbed across his back; a moment later, his friend leaned into him, his face pressed against Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock took a deep breath then released slowly. They breathed. Simply breathed, eyes closed. Leaning together, close and solid. No room for doubt.
Ever since John wept, since I put my arms around him, since we embraced, it's been easier for us to allow physical contact. But it's only now that John is living with me again that we've become aware of this new thing. There are likely several contributing factors. Rosie, who is still entirely reliant upon physical means of communication, whom we feed and change, bathe, carry around and cuddle. My experience with Eurus. The emotional depths in myself that I've been feeling my way around ever since I remembered Redbeard. Boarded-up pathways that are just now opening. My faith in my own heart. I can no longer deny it, will never be able to deny it again.
John had left the bedroom door open a crack. The lamp on the nightstand was dimmed. The clock read three a.m. Sherlock slipped into the room and closed the door behind himself. John was in bed. He'd turned onto his side and was already asleep. Sherlock undressed, laid his clothes over the chair and joined John under the light cotton coverlet. John wore a t-shirt and shorts to sleep in. As usual. Sherlock slept in the nude. As usual. Sherlock turned off the lamp and cuddled up to John's back, put his arm around John's waist, pressed his face into John's nape. John sighed in his sleep. The night was mild. The curtain billowed in the open window. The city outside. People who had seen the fireworks. People waiting helplessly in an emergency. People dying. People despairing. People making love. Making children, perhaps. People who were happy. Like him. And, perhaps, like John.
"Of course you are right, my friend. But if she wanted to start afresh, she may indeed have done so. I cannot believe she had a lover. Especially not in the very village in which she lived."
"Sholto can't do that," John went on. "No one can take you away from me. Not even Mary was able to do that."
Sherlock stopped playing, breathing heavily, stood there stunned, his mouth open, his shirt soaked through with sweat, staring at the skull on the mantelpiece with empty eyes. Then he started to pace. Frantic, driven by the hopeless confusion in his chest. Back and forth. Back and forth. Back and forth. After several minutes, he put down the instrument, cleaned the bow and loosened the hair.
The material cableway stopped at the upper station. The wooden crate swayed back and forth from the abrupt braking manoeuvre, wobbling in the chain fittings. John opened his eyes and got out. His trousers clung to the wood of the crate's bottom, cold and unpleasant. It was raining. John was wet. His waterproof jacket had already failed on the hike from Axalp to the cableway. Water had soaked through. John's trousers and shoes were sodden, the overstuffed backpack heavy with moisture. John heaved it out of the crate, hauled it onto his back. He'd bought and taken care of everything Celine had told him to.
John had found the paper when organising the file cabinet. It had been on top of a pile of papers that Sherlock had carelessly dumped into one of the moving boxes. John had noticed it right away. He'd dreamed of it. Of this very flat. Of the naked cold. Of these pictures. And he remembered that evening at Baker Street a few weeks earlier. Sherlock had been writing on his laptop, the page beside him. John had examined the pictures and asked Sherlock whether it was a new case.
Neutral ground then. Regent's Park. They both knew it well, had often gone for strolls there, before. To get some fresh air in the evening. Or to refuel during complex cases, to go over and consolidate the facts, share conjectures and suspicions, to question, ponder, discuss, evaluate, deduce. Or on days without cases. Escaping the boredom, silent beside each other, each pursuing his own thoughts.
John still hadn't recovered from the sight of the man who stood directly in front of him, dark coat, the collar turned up, his hands in its pockets. The pale, water-coloured eyes looking him over. Friendly, affectionate, maybe even a little mocking in light of John's shock.
He slid on top of John, nestled against him, hungering for closeness, for togetherness, ground his erection into him. John arched up, opened his legs, made room for him and at the same time reduced the amount of space between them before returning Sherlock's kiss and urging him on, insistent now, unrestrained, no more questions. Frantic sixteenths disintegrated into trioles, burst into arpeggios, untamed, harsh, uncontrollable.
We meet downstairs at breakfast. John is already seated. Our eyes meet and linger, and then he smiles. His fingers brush my hand. There are moments when I am struck by how beautiful he is. His eyes. His lips. His hands. And how painfully compelled my heart is to be bound to him.
"Ah-ha," Dave said. The bitterness in his voice was unmistakable. "And now you're taking off. Just from here or from mine and Margret's life too?" He looked up. His dark eyes were closed-off and dour.
John had meant it as a joke, but Sherlock's smile faded. He lowered his eyes for a moment, looking at the floor, before meeting John's gaze again. Holding it.
"We're sitting in a cabin in the mountains, preparing ourselves to work with the NDB," Sherlock said. It sounded defiant and unsure.
Once, John had even found another flat but decided in favour of Sherlock at the last second – following a horrific internal struggle.
John didn't answer right away, so Sergej asked, this time direct and without hesitation: "Do you love him?"
Sherlock stopped talking. John didn't say anything. That wasn't what John had wanted to know, but he was hesitant to ask anything more specific. Sherlock knew perfectly well, knew exactly what they were talking about. John waited.
They had their legs intertwined, their lower bodies pressed close together. John could feel Sherlock's erection. His own, too. They pushed against each other, slid together when they breathed. Breathed the way Nora had shown them. Nothing else. Just breathing.
"I've heard you're the only one who can repair clocks like this," Sherlock said, placing the bag in front of the man on the work surface.
It was quiet in the room for several seconds. Young sparrows squalled outside the window, wanting to be fed by their parents.
Sherlock groaned. He took John's hand, directed it downward to his groin, fevered and frantic. John stroked his friend's member, engorged as far as it could go. Sherlock moaned again, curled in on himself, dug his fingers into John's flesh.
The candidate knelt down. The priest gave him a piece of the bread which had already been consecrated and held out the cup.
Sherlock handed the statement back to Lestrade and looked at John. He knew so little; really absolutely nothing about children. Did John know any more? Did he know what a ten-month-old child was supposed to eat, and what they shouldn't eat? Or did he leave it to the professionals in whose care he left Rosie?
John closed his eyes and kissed the man, kissed him as if for the last time. Deep and hard. Warmth spread inside him. Home. Sherlock. Completion. Pain. Painful, deep, burning love. John reached for the fur hat when the other man pulled away, took it off his head. A tangle of curls. Grey. John took off his gloves and buried his hands in them. Buried them as if seeking an anchor, an affirmation, all the time keeping his own eyes locked on those pale ones, still narrowed.
John reflected. "The contempt that was directed at me," he answered. "The hate. All that negative energy." John's voice was low and thick. He could barely speak. The effort it took to form words was almost too great to overcome.
"You found Rosie," she said without answering him. She slowly set aside the notebook, then stood up and came to the glass partition. Her eyes scanned Sherlock's entire body, assessing. "You're hurt," she noted. "Your leg. You can't even stand. And you can't run away anymore."
"I'd like to include you in Sherlock's therapy, Dr Watson," the doctor said. "I realise you've already solved your own problem by leaving your partner. I'll respect that. The choice will remain yours, and you can stop at any time. Would you be willing to help Sherlock get past this crisis under those conditions?"
John put his backpack into the crate. It swayed at the slightest touch. Then he pushed the green button in the control box and quickly got in, sat in the rear end of the crate, facing toward the top, dragged his backpack over between his legs, and waited. After a couple of seconds, the entire contraption jerked and the crate started moving. Apparently the mechanism had started up. The cable advanced rapidly, purred through the idler pulley, carried the block with the wooden crate upward.
Phil was there, doing paperwork in the tiny club office. He was one of the club's five directors. He gave John unrestricted access to all of the files. John studied the book with the membership entries. The crossed-out names had explicitly cancelled their membership. Not really helpful at the moment.
They stood facing each other in the lift, their gazes locked on each other. Sherlock knew he couldn't let John see his emotions now. John needed to remain clear and focused. The metal of the lift wall was cool under the palms of his hands. John's gaze was open but cool, he was collected and concentrating on his assignment. A soldier. Ground floor. The lift door slid open and they both exited to the lobby. John stopped. Their eyes met. John's grey eyes focused but shuttered.
John poured himself a whiskey, took a sip. He wasn't calm enough to sit in front of the fire with his glass, instead pacing up and down in the living room, looking out the window into the pitch black night in the hope that the headlamps of a car would show up. It was past 11 p.m. and Sherlock wasn't back yet. John had been waiting all day.
"I came to play the violin with you," Sherlock interrupted his sister. "Could we perhaps focus on that?"
He'd eaten lunch with Phil in the cafeteria of St Anna's, and Phil had told him about the club, let him know he'd take John with him the next day. Friday evening. That was always a special evening, the start of the week-end, ideal for new members.
They hadn't made a conscious decision. They hadn't discussed it. They hadn't even really intended for it to happen. And yet it had happened. Not spontaneously, not quite that. It had still been unexpected. Completely unexpected. They'd argued. He'd tossed accusations at Sherlock because he'd neglected to do the shopping again – despite having promised to do so. John had stood in the doorway, irritated and exhausted after a long, tough shift at the hospital. He'd stood there in the doorway hurling abuse.
John had stopped and set down his bag. Homesickness overcame him, making tears shoot into his eyes. How had he been able to leave this man? What had made him think it would be better in London? Why had he ever believed that a separation would heal his heart? His heart belonged to Sherlock. He knew that now, had seen that there was no other way. He would have to get through it. The hurt. The pain. The past. He was ready now. But he was scared. Scared of a confrontation. Sherlock had sent text after text, asking him to come back. John hadn't answered any of them. After a month, Sherlock had given up.
Ever since then, almost a year now, they'd skirted that line. Sherlock was the one who had established it. And he continued to maintain it, moving it even further away every time so that they wouldn't be tempted anymore. John accepted it. But what they were doing wasn't normal, damn it! And it was hard!
The typical dried apothecary plants that are employed on man and beast in these parts. What surprises me is the scientific care with which they are labelled.
A low, sonorous growl came from Sherlock's throat. Sherlock crouched down in front of John, looking him directly in the eye. The blue was brimming with desire, and warm fingers brushed John's hand which rested in his lap, caressing John's thigh, just lightly. Over his thigh to the inside of his leg. Just the fingertips, barely touching. John gasped, felt the ripple of arousal that started where those fingers touched him and shivered through his whole body. Their eyes were still latched onto each other. John saw the pure lust in the blue before him. Lust and desire. And something soft, something gentle; something willing and ready.
John, still dazed from the overabundance of contradictory emotions, needed a moment to understand what she was saying. Then he took a piece, more automatic than deliberate, and put it into his mouth. A heavy sweetness. Nutty. Moist. A strong, sensual sensation in the midst of his emotional exhaustion. John looked up, disconcerted.
"I wish to share what belongs to the two of us together as often as possible, Holmes. No matter what the world thinks of it."
Rosie started grizzling and John took her from Mrs Hudson, passing her to Sherlock because she was reaching insistently for him. Sherlock took her and put her over his shoulder, held on firmly. The warm, sweet scent. The heavy head resting on his neck, the small body nestling against him. The familiar, damp snuffling at his collar. Rosie had stuck her thumb in her mouth and was sucking on it. She was tired. Her eyes fell shut as they stood there.
Sherlock had left in the morning. Early. Not a word. The icy blue eyes full of apprehension and questions. The tenderness of the mountain night in his fingers, touching John's just for a brief moment.
The meal was excellent, although they weren't really able to enjoy it. They couldn't keep their eyes off each other, couldn't filter out the undercurrent of heat. Their feet eventually found each other under the table and they gratefully allowed the contact, ignoring the waiter's pointed look.
Twelve times three hours. Following every block, one of the priests opened the door to the chapel. John and Sherlock wobbled upstairs, used the toilet, warmed up a bit, drank some water, ate the soup and bread they were given. A quarter of an hour break. Then back to the chapel. Another three-hour block. A new task. One of the attendants came into the chapel from time to time, bringing new candles, sitting in the background for a while, observing them, asking if everything was all right.
Constable Hartley, put at our disposal by Inspector Schofield, picks us up for the funeral in his buggy. The neighbouring village has a small church, behind which is the cemetery. The relatives from Birmingham have arrived. Father and mother, two brothers, a sister and two aunts of the deceased. A few of the women from the village are there, one or two men. More out of curiosity than mourning, it seems to me. In any event, it is an unusually large funeral for a woman with whom no one wished to have anything to do.
Marsden had shot at him. The last thing he'd expected. Sherlock hadn't thought he'd do it, that he would shoot at him and the child. He'd judged Marsden to be cocky and somewhat naïve, but not brutal. The kidnapper had only fired a single shot in his direction when he'd taken off. The bullet had grazed his leg just above the knee. Or maybe gone clean through. Or was still inside. Sherlock didn't know. The woman had probably stopped her brother from taking any more shots. All he'd heard was the shouting behind him, the woman's panicked screams, Marsden roaring. Then the gunshot and the pain.
"Possibly. Or they volunteer. Ritual death rather than the suicide they were unable to complete. That's why they choose failed suicides. It would make sense."
A brief flicker of emotion flared up in Rose's doe-brown eyes. Just for a fraction of a second before the steel returned to them.
Maybe, John thought, he'd try to call Sherlock tonight from Geneva. Maybe they'd be able to hold a conversation if – or precisely because – three hundred kilometres lay between them. John rummaged around in his bag and took out the little book Mycroft had recommended to him.
Sherlock stood over her, leaning heavily against the concrete wall. He was trembling and could hardly keep himself upright. His injured leg cramped up, sending a spasm like a trail of fire through his entire body. He moaned as he crumpled and slid down the wall to the floor. The pain flooded his mind. The world went black before his eyes. He struggled valiantly against it, but he had no chance and felt his surroundings drift away.
Sherlock startled. "No! No. Mycroft only came along because I'm impeded. My old proposal still holds. I only have one Holmes, Eurus. Just the one."
Sherlock was shocked that his sister was speaking. She hadn't said a single word to him since they'd started playing together.
"If I do, I want you to come along," John said slowly. "He told you a lot of things, didn't he? He thinks of you as a friend and confidant."
It is dark. An owl cries somewhere. The sound of a horse's hooves. It is approaching at a gallop. The horse is tired and wheezing. Inspector Schofield nudges me. I nod to him. We have concealed ourselves in the hedgerow. From here, we can see Boon's house. Watson and Constable Hartley are covering James Waugh's farm. I didn't know which of the two would make the journey: Waugh or Boon.
Mycroft turned now, giving John a curious once-over from head to foot as if he were laying eyes on him for the first time.
He was unsettled. It wasn't unusual at all for Sherlock to be out until late at night. But it was different if he really was meeting Moriarty. John wondered where the meeting might have taken place but there was an infinite number of possibilities, and he didn't know the area well enough. The only place he could cross off the list was the Dossen lodge. And he wasn't even sure about that, since he hadn't spent more than three hours there.
Sherlock lifted the dead man's left hand, which was still more or less in one piece, and examined it. Manicured nails. Professionally done. That matched up with what Lestrade had said. The man had been fully dressed in a business suit and tie when he'd jumped from the highrise. Or fallen. Or been pushed.
Inspector Schofield and Constable Hartley of the Sussex Constabulary are in need of our assistance. The corpse of a farmer's wife has been pulled out of a cesspool in the next village. As she sported a large wound to the head, the police presume it was no accident.
"You had an HIV test done a little less than a year ago at St Anna's. It was positive, wasn't it? I've traced back all the tests you ordered done in your role as a physician there. You had this one done under the name of a patient with the same blood group. She was brought in with critical injuries and died shortly thereafter, before the results arrived."
John closed his eyes. The burden of the past. Heavy and harrowing. Deception. Betrayal. Hurt. All those hours spent together in the dark prison. Awaiting death. So simple. So deep and true and simple. As simple as what they were doing now. Holding on to each other, being close.
Sherlock tried to free himself from the flood of emotions, not knowing whether it was his sister who was transmitting them to him.
He shouted it out to the surroundings, the mountain, the valley, the solitude. Then he sat down, drained. Let himself collapse onto the bench in front of the house. Defeated. Either Sherlock came back to him or it was too late. A broken heart can't heal any more. An open hand doesn't grasp for threads. So easy, it was so easy sometimes. John closed his eyes, tried not to let that searing pain in his chest tip over, not to let it slip past that limit. He needed to endure it. He forced himself to remain calm. Forced himself to let the despair out of the narrow prison of his chest, out into the rest of his body, to let his body help bear it. Heavy fatigue. Exhaustion. Numbness quickly spread through him. Resignation.
Sherlock sat on the couch in the dark, wearing his pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. The letter lay on the coffee table in front of him. The bands of light from the cars passing by outside wandered across the table, making the white paper glow for a brief moment, the unsteady handwriting coalescing like a drawing out of the darkness then receding again, sketches from a brilliant old master. Impenetrable thoughts. Hieroglyphs.
"She came to me at the flat on Baker Street ten days before she gave birth and warned me, gave me some information. She suspected I would find it out one way or another anyway."
Then Sherlock said, "I'd like you to take a look at the Lowe file. It's in your inbox. I'd like to know what you think of it."
John was confused over what was happening. He'd expected altar bread, unleavened wafers, at any rate a symbolic meal. But this was extremely concrete. The priest stood and walked around the circle, breaking off a hunk of bread from the loaf for each man and handing it to him, saying, "The body of Christ. Eat."
The hotel room was empty. It was emptier than John would ever have thought possible. Hopelessly empty and foreign. John got out of his wet clothes and let himself collapse on the bed. Everything hurt. His body. Every muscle. Every movement. Every thought. Every breath. It also hurt to lie still, not to move, not to think, not to feel. Everything hurt. Every heartbeat.
John sat down. Windows login screen. The device was used by several people and didn't have any confidential data on it. The username and password would be simple, or would be written down on a slip of paper somewhere. John looked for it in the desk. The note was taped to the inside of the drawer:
"There were three or four women with the spider on the left," said the spider man. "The last one was somewhere around three months ago. And I've removed spiders like that twice."
They would have argued. No doubt. Sherlock would have laughed at him. He would have stuck to his guns.
"Sherlock, wait," John whispered when his friend started to let go and pull back. A chance. They deserved a chance. Both of them. Sherlock waited. John tried to relax. A hand caressed his back. Breath in his ear, strange and intense. Sherlock. John closed his eyes, felt the tension drain away and warmth begin to flow between them. Sherlock's arms holding him closer, gentle, affectionate. A soft sigh. John accepted the invitation, let himself lean into Sherlock, burrowed into the coat, the man, his skin.
It was Boyd's study. Steffen Boyd sat at his desk, leaning back in his chair. His mouth was open, as were his eyes. There was a small red spot on his forehead. A bullet had entered his skull, barely any blood, a professionally carried out kill shot. Just the one. Boyd was dead.
Maggie put the next whisky down in front of John without being asked, along with a card; silent, inconspicuous, together with the glass. It was a simple white calling card. Maggie had laid it down with the blank side facing up. John picked it up and turned it over.
It is long past midnight. We have already had relations. It was exciting and intoxicating in the wake of the evening's thrilling investigation, so close to the apprehension of the murderer, with the backdrop of these new facts and the joyous anticipation of the coming day. The night was far advanced when we returned home, the Waltons already asleep. We ascended to the room beneath the eaves and lay down in my bed, naked. There, we made love. Quietly, so as not to be heard, but freely and unabashedly. I did what John asked of me. I was inside him. Thoroughly and at length.
"According to Gerome, there's an option that's passed down within the brotherhood to choose ritual death as a last resort," John said. "But in real terms, the brotherhood rejects it flat out because it arouses unnecessary attention and endangers the organisation. Plus, one of the priesthood brethren would have to be willing to do the deed, and the partner would have to agree and be present. Not really a very reasonable proposal at all, to say the least."
He set the child down next to him on the sheet of metal when she wanted to get off and her urge to move around gained the upper hand. She immediately crawled over to a piece of wood that was lying around, and picked it up with great interest. It was too big for her to swallow so Sherlock let her. There was nothing nearby that might have posed any danger to her.
"Both candles are fairly heavily damaged. It's entirely possible that diamonds were hidden inside," Sherlock remarked.
John, aware of the seriousness of the statement, had answered, straightforward and honest: "Yes, I love you, Sherlock. I'm only starting to understand what that means. Thanks to the therapy here. Thanks to Nora. Thanks to everything that's happened."
"Mycroft," John said, then asked, "So the visit to the Pilatus works and the cooperation with British Aerospace was all a ruse?"
They strolled along the gravel path to the building. Close together. Sherlock didn't feel well. He didn't know why, tried to downplay it. His head was still buzzing from the sudden headache. The panic attack. It reminded him of Baskerville, of the hound, his irrational fear of the inexplicable. It was a similar feeling. Strange. There was no reason for it.
"Irene Adler," John said softly. "She succeeded in taking you away from me. Your attention, your heart, your time. Everything. Completely, in every way."
John was there, and he was staying. He'd re-opened his practise and taken on as many patients as he could. Sherlock watched with concern the way he buried himself more and more in his work. Just as Sherlock was kept busy with the case, John was kept busy with his patients. Sometimes their paths crossed at Baker Street. John had retrieved some of his things and set himself up again in the upstairs bedroom, although he still slept in Sherlock's bed from time to time.
Sherlock let himself slide down the wall to the floor, tipped his head back and closed his eyes. John knelt beside him, reached for Sherlock's wrist and took his pulse. It was running fast. John put a hand to Sherlock's forehead. Sherlock opened his eyes, took John's hand in his, pulled it away from his face but didn't let go.
"Crypt?" Sherlock looked amused. "The rituals take place in bog standard churches. Anyway, John and Father Conley won't cross paths. Conley doesn't move in those circles."
They looked at each other. A lingering gaze. Sherlock lost himself in the grey eyes, the warmth in their depths. Like a calm lake, its surface rippled by a light breeze, the morning sun scattering light across it and making it sparkle. Then a gust of wind suddenly whipped up waves, imprinting the water with a dark, moving pattern that spread quickly, unstoppable, engulfing everything in its path. John let it happen, and Sherlock saw his eyes fill with desire, overflowing, and withstood it. Withstood it spilling over onto him, hot and sudden, seizing his body without there being anything he could do about it.
"I'll shower first," he called back up to Sherlock, who stood there speechless. He then took a deep breath and realised he was still wearing his street clothes and desperately needed a shower too. And he decided to make good use of their time together that evening to start a new, rather lively chapter of their life together: the clarinet. Emmy Noether was long dead anyway.
"You're sleeping together. Not because you're friends, trying it out for the fun of it, out of curiosity. But because it's a necessity. It's necessary to your souls. You're deeply involved with each other. You can't just rewind that to friendship, John."
John opened his eyes but didn't look up. Kept them fixed on his hands folded in front of him on the rough tabletop. "Sherlock," he said quietly. "We need time for each other."
"Where should we look?" Lestrade asked. He was trying to be forthright and confident, but his voice sounded helpless.
But our happiness was noticed. First by the envious, then by those who disliked our work. And finally by the public, who provided fertile soil for the rumours. Eventually, John left. I know he did it for my sake. For both of us. To save us. To save me.
Sherlock took the pill without balking, emptied the glass of water that John held out to him to wash it down. John took back the glass and held out his hand.
"They're the four masculine shields," Phil answered. "If you live such that you're surrounded by them, you're complete. Complete within yourself. Complete within your male power. Invulnerable."
"Take off your clothes, John. Please." Sherlock's eyes were glassy with lust. He stood up, pulling John with him. "Come on. Get undressed for me."
"He was always proper, you know? He never made the first move. He never pressured me or propositioned me. He was waiting for my decision. I was close, Sherlock. I was very close."
The gas lamp was still burning beside the mattress. They embraced affectionately. Didn't stop touching each other, unable to let go. They lay together and looked into each other's eyes. Free. Deep, with no obstacles between them.
"Give me some time, John," Sherlock had answered without looking up from his computer. "It's not that easy for me either, you know. I need some more distance."
John. He was meeting him in Regent's Park in a couple of hours. It was strange. To meet up as if they were strangers. Like a timid first date. An attempt at connecting. Odd. He'd never been closer to another person than John. Everything about John was familiar to him. Had been familiar. They'd shared things he'd never shared with anyone before. John was family. Closer than family. But now he was like that brother you grew up with, shared a room and a life with, then drifted away from when you became adults. You each had different concerns, different problems, different experiences no longer in common. You lost touch somehow. And with distance, the amount of not-in-common increased. And then all of the old resentments emerged from that crack that had opened up. Memories that elbowed their way in, taking the place of the time you spent together now. The familiar association with each other, the countless looks, gestures and words, the thousand little signs of affection, all of that replaced by a cold distance where wounds were painful and there was no relief to be had. Deep wounds in need of the healing warmth of the present. The loving present. Just like the one he shared with Eurus. And John? Had he exchanged John for Eurus?
Sherlock threw himself across the bed at the hotel. The interrogation had only been a partial success. The man they'd brought in had clammed up with a stubbornness they hadn't been able to break through. But he'd still given a couple of things away. Not in so many words. But Sherlock's gift for observation had allowed him to make deductions. Which in turn made it possible to take the next step, at least. Sherlock wasn't sure whether he should act alone or inform his colleagues from the Yard. He didn't trust Interpol. He was almost positive that one of the officials from Interpol who'd been present for the interrogation had been acquainted with the suspect. Even though he'd made every effort to hide it: body language didn't lie. Sherlock had an eye for it. Not only with criminals.
Before John could ask what that was, Sherlock had grabbed his hand, guided it between his legs and rubbed it over his burgeoning cock. A moment later, they were smiling and hugging. John accepted Sherlock's caresses and accompanying sighs, his inquisitive kisses, his heated, demanding touches. He accepted the arousal that flooded his body, making him warm and mellow, making him accessible to his partner, to Sherlock. They undressed and surrendered to each other. They were both tired and gladly took each other in, let whatever happened to them, happen. No lengthy foreplay. They simply needed each other now, needed the confirmation, the closeness, needed the mutual experience that bound them together.
"Take care, Sherlock," he'd said, resting his hand on Sherlock's arm for a moment, touching the wool of the coat.
John hadn't had time to answer that. The taxi had arrived and they'd got in. Now they were stuck in traffic. Sherlock's hand resting warmly in his.
"He's a priest and an old friend of mine," John informed him. "He's just providing me with a contact. After that, he's out of it completely. He doesn't want to have anything to do with how we're going about it."
Sherlock's hand touched John's face and neck in an affectionate caress. Sherlock twisted himself lazily, seeking John's mouth. The kiss was slow, eyes closed, intimate and tender. John returned it lovingly. The taste of the coffee they'd drunk at Mycroft's. Sherlock's breath, his playful lips, and a powerful current of heat running through John's body into his groin. Sherlock moaned into his mouth, nipped at him, teased him with his tongue.
Sherlock looked awful. Thin, pale, and sunken in on himself. His eyes red, his expression fearful and distant at the same time. Both wrists bandaged. His hands nervous. It was clearly visible even though he had them clenched together in his lap. Sherlock was sitting on one of the park's wooden benches. An escort beside him, a young female orderly. John hesistated, but Dr Kenny touched him lightly on the arm and said, "It's all right. He wanted to see you."
Sherlock nodded, slowly relaxed his hands from their position behind John's neck. John lowered his eyes, turned to the teapot, set it on the table, got out dishes and spoons from the cupboard, cut Mrs Hudson's apple pie into pieces with a knife. John ate heartily while Sherlock drank his tea, reflective, leaving his pie untouched. John told about his holiday, about the excursions, the weather, the lake, the wind. About people he'd met, anecdotes and episodes. Sherlock listened silently.
Sherlock stood in front of the couch. Fascinated. This wasn't the first time he'd seen John sleeping. John sometimes slept next to him in his bed, and he could feel his body heat and hear him breathing. But this was different. John was lying in the living room, asleep on the couch in their shared living room. Completely exposed. In Sherlock's flat. In their shared flat. Perhaps the only place John could sleep like this. Unafraid. Comfortable. It touched Sherlock unexpectedly deeply to see his friend lying there like that, in trusting abandon like a child. It took an effort for Sherlock to withstand the inner urge to touch John, to caress him, to join him, to affirm that trust.
John returned home late from work that evening. They sat together a while, Sherlock explained the plan to him, the security concept. John agreed to everything. It made Sherlock happy to watch him. John seemed to be awakening out of his lethargy now that he was able to work on a case again. He asked questions, make remarks here and there, was focused and lucid. The dull grief seemed to drop away from him like a heavy, wet cloak he'd taken off to allow the dynamic soldier to re-emerge.
Sherlock leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes. Rosie sighed gently, and he wrapped his other arm around her too, holding her in a comforting grip. He couldn't go any further. The pain in his leg wouldn't allow him, was sapping all of his strength. He needed to wait until daybreak, when he could get his bearings. He had no idea where they were. The others had taken everything: phone, keys, wallet, his toolkit.
"Fine," Sherlock said brusquely, without reacting to the veiled suggestion that he bore part of the parental burden. "Any news?"
Were those footsteps? John listened. The roar of the Weissenbach creek. The rain. That was all. His gun was in his jacket, ready to grab. Good.
The window was closed and locked. Sherlock rang again. He heard the bell jangling somewhere inside the house, but no one reacted to it this time.
Footsteps. Breathing. Sherlock was coming back. Coming back after all. Sherlock. John didn't know whether it was a wave of relief or exhaustion that passed over him. Just on the periphery. No strong emotion. Maybe he was simply too tired and hurt to be happy. He had a foreboding of confrontation and hard work coming up. Much more than peace. And yet it was good. It was good that Sherlock had come back. A sign that it was important to him. That John was important to him.
"Let us then face the facts. We are both clever enough to hide what should not be seen. We shall find ways to live our life, Holmes. There are ways to satisfy the impatient passions of the body without resorting to chemical castration."
John stared at Sherlock's derivations. The mind map. All the layers. Rational. Clear. Cause and effect. There was another truth behind the Chalice, though. John was well aware of it. A deadly tradition over hundreds of years. In every age. A last resort. A last resort for men who had smiled deep into the eyes of other men, who had shared their lust with them. Social ostracism. A dead end. Aberrations of creation. Hopeless. Men who had chosen death. Voluntarily or by force. Alone or in pairs. Death – Martin had said – had been the flip side of homosexual love for centuries.
"I know you're probably tired from the trip, John. But you have to see this. It's imperative!" Sherlock said excitedly.
. Callum only mentioned it in passing in his dissertation. It wasn't a topic for the public. Not even back then. The Chalice.
"What if she's tricking us? She manipulates people's perceptions. She must have left her cell in order to attach the strings to the motor."
Ethan turned around, dragging his sleeve over his eyes. He came back and sat down at the table again. His blue eyes were damp. He dried them once more with his sleeve.
No, that had nothing to do with the theme. It wasn't a variation. The shy, gently ascending lines. Hope. Courting. Approach. The soft, unspectacular passing of the border. Incomprehensible to anyone who didn't have a sensitive enough ear to hear it, who couldn't recognise the value, the structure, the logic, the beauty. Hidden harmony. Sherlock became caught up in the cautious, gentle, aspiring movements, let himself be immersed in the feelings that pervaded him. This being-in-love, wishing, hoping, trembling, quaking, seeking, suffering.
Sherlock stood there, hesitating. Then he sat down after all, dropping grudgingly onto the chair, stiff and ramrod straight, folded his hands on top of the table in front of him. He smelt unshowered after his trip and looked tense. He didn't speak.
They were allowed to sleep during the sixth three-hour block. They did so on top of one of the blankets, rolled up together in the other. The seventh three-hour block began with a new task. John had washed his head with ice-cold water during the previous break. They both sat on the floor, each on top of one of the blankets. John was looking for the Bible verse they were supposed to be discussing. The priest who was supervising them had gone out to get some more candles. The old ones were burnt almost all the way down. Only one was still burning, a puddle of stearin sunk deep in the sand with the last stump of the wick flickering in the middle. Sherlock leaned in, felt his way along the floor for the dish in order to pull it closer.
Sherlock snuggled under the wonderfully scented blanket and looked John over. His smile, his presence. Outside, the change ringing of a quarter peal called the faithful to worship services. The enchantment of a summer Sunday.
"It had already happened. Inside me. It had happened in my emotions. Like with you. You set off a catastrophe when things threatened to get serious. Like your sister. But it had already happened. You'd changed everything. Like her. I wasn't the same person anymore."
A slight tug. Sherlock put his arm around John, and he turned toward Sherlock, gently drawing him closer. The embrace was cautious at first, probably due to Sherlock's injured leg, which they both were mindful of. Then the hug became tighter. Sherlock closed his eyes and held John with both arms. John's breath on his neck, a sigh, pulse beating hard. John's arms around his neck, strong and firm. The scent of shower gel, of John's damp hair and John's skin. Sherlock leaned his face into John's neck, pressed his nose into the hotly throbbing spot behind John's ear, inhaled the captivating scent, tasted John's skin with his lips. A moan escaped his throat when he tried to take a breath. John nestled in closer to him, and the strength with which John embraced him triggered a wave of untamed yearning, an overwhelming desire to reach into John's hair, to explore him with his mouth, to taste him, to conquer him.
Sherlock brooded. He'd found the treasure chest, had still known where he'd hidden it, had guessed that the fire wouldn't have been able to destroy it there. He'd been so intent on finding it. The secrets it held had been so large and gleaming in his memory, so meaningful and profound. But now. The dreams of a little boy who no longer existed. Who'd grown up. A man now. Who had gone his own way. The past had faded, and with it the secrets in the treasure chest. Just things now. Bones. Glass. Paper. No more meaningful than pebbles at the headwaters of a river that had long since reached the sea.
Magnussen laughed. He stood there, legs akimbo, the machine gun aimed at Sherlock, enjoying the fight. Sherlock fought hard, tried to get his hands on a weapon. He threw himself onto the young man, who was holding the revolver again, and wrestled him for it.
"May I?" John asked and reached into Sherlock's hair to pull out a handful of dusty cobwebs. "A treasure chest?" he said as he brushed the sticky strands off on one of the old gravestones.
I tuck away the horse hairs and tell Waugh nothing of what I have found. His sister has already left with the children; my Doctor and the widower are sitting in the kitchen. Waugh looks forlorn.
The flat was dark. Mrs Hudson was probably already asleep. John fumbled for the key. The flat was empty and smelled as if it hadn't been aired out. John opened a window and let the night air stream in. He poured himself a double whisky, sat down in his chair in front of the fireplace and stared out into the darkness. Sherlock's text spun around in his head, making his heart clench:
"He's still a friend, isn't he?" Sherlock pressed, his eyes fixed firmly on his screen and his fingers still moving.
John smiled. He stepped up to the cooker, reached for the kettle with one hand as he curled his other arm around Sherlock, tugged him close and pushed him gently against the cooker with his body, pouring the hot water into the teapot. Sherlock wrapped both arms around him and burrowed into his embrace.
"Did our move to Sussex have anything to do with all of this here?" John asked before he fell asleep.
John fell silent. He'd wanted to tell Sherlock everything, that he'd been in Dave's flat and talked to Lestrade, given him the address book. That Lestrade was tracking down a fresh lead. But considering Sherlock's condition and his almost panicky reaction, he decided not to say anything for the time being. Maybe everything would have worked itself out by tomorrow.
. It didn't work. It probably required lowercase and uppercase letters plus a symbol, at least eight characters. He tried
"I don't know. I just know we can never be the men we once were. Or the men Mary imagined. We're just who we are. I'm an overworked single father who isn't dealing very well with his wife's death, doesn't see any hope for the future, and grieves the past. I can't offer you more than that, Sherlock."
I am relaxed and content when we drive to Waugh's place in the Constable's buggy. My thoughts, however, are not on the case, but on my friend and lover, and his unexpected desire for the coming night.
"Dave is always proper during the massage sessions," Sherlock said neutrally. "He doesn't use the therapy to make passes at me. We were wrong about that. He's a professional. He doesn't initiate the crossing of any lines."
"It's probably a cardiological problem," she said. "She was short of breath, I've given her oxygen. She need to go to hospital. The ambulance is on its way."
John was startled. It was unexpected. So unexpected. He opened his eyes. Sherlock knelt beside him, his head in John's lap. He wasn't sobbing; he was still. The tears simply leaked out of him. The desperate grip of the hard, shaking hands made clear the scope of his misery. John sat there frozen in his numbness and torpor. But then he carefully extracted his right hand from Sherlock's grasp and ran his fingers through the dark curls, left them there. Silent.
John was panting. Oh yes, he felt it. He was filled with heat and desire. His entire body burned and quivered. His genitals were throbbing painfully, swelling in his trousers. The unexpected lust, out of the blue like that, almost robbed him of his senses. His body writhed, tormented, and begged for relief. Sherlock. Why couldn't he reach him, touch him, hug him, kiss him, make love to him? Sherlock. His heart pleaded and sighed and cried for Sherlock. John moaned and gasped. His body threatened to burn up, his heart was screaming.
"Why not?" Linda asked. A slightly irritated undertone in her voice. "Maybe it does for a woman. What do you know about women?"
Sherlock's words were so unexpected that John felt dizzy. He stared into the pale eyes and immediately felt his become damp. He lowered his head, tried to shake off the shock. Was this Sherlock? John had never heard anything close to those words come out of his friend's mouth before. Was it possible to make up something like that? Was Sherlock lying in order to mollify him?
"The address book of Dave and Margret Dallenport. They're both members of the Celtic Circle, which carries out some odd ceremonies. The next one'll be this Friday. They're meeting in Highgate Wood."
After several minutes of mulling over his decision, John got up and went down to the living room too. Sherlock was sitting on the couch. He hadn't turned the light on. His silhouette was dark in the weak glow from the street lamp, which cast a dim pallor over the room.
Even now, in private, she exuded a profound calmness, the same solemnity and happiness she conveyed during therapy.
Irina's funeral was short. Her ashes were interred in a community grave. Sergej had arranged it. He hadn't told anyone, on Andrej's request; neither friends nor neighbours in Moscow, where Irina had had her official residence. There had been an argument between father and son over it. John had been able to convince Sergej that it was the best solution, though, given the murky and still dangerous situation.
Callum looked him over keenly. His eyes pale. They were a strange green colour. John had never noticed it before. Callum must have been a good-looking man. He still was. He was one of the oldest at the club, he must have been seventy.
John picked up the plastic bag from the floor, wanting to go into the kitchen with it, but Sherlock stopped him.
John shied away from touching the sleeping figure. He was so lovely. So beautiful. As if poured into a position of sweet repose. Behind the image a level of beauty that bewitched John hopelessly. The overpowering encounter with Sherlock. With Sherlock as a man. Tender and keen, loving and quiet. So deep. They'd touched each other in an unexpectedly deep way.
Sherlock's heart was beating hard and fast, thrumming in his ears and making him dizzy. The alcohol certainly played its part as well. But it wasn't the main reason. Sherlock felt the wine glass shaking in his hand and rested it on his thigh. It still shook, and Sherlock looked away from John and held the glass with both hands.
John knew then that he was ready. For something he'd never so much as contemplated before, never imagined, never considered a possibility. Sherlock. He granted his friend's fingers free admittance, let them probe, invade. Sherlock was gentle. So gentle. So incredibly tender. The intimacy of the touch was overwhelming. The fact that Sherlock was doing it. The lust it incited in him, that he welcomed.
Slowly, very slowly, John's eyes filled with tears. Sherlock hugged him. Hugged John and Rosie. They held onto each other tight, very tight. Sherlock pressed his face against John's damp cheek, buried it in John's neck, squeezed John close to him. He sensed his own tears spilling over when he felt Rosie's small hands in his hair. She was pulling on it cheerfully and squealing with delight.
It was then that it dawned on John that everyone thought he'd left Sherlock. They were probably embarrassed for him that he was showing his face. Even Lestrade was more sober than usual when he welcomed John with a firm handshake. Everything was different without Sherlock. He usually stormed into the Yard and started talking as soon as they entered the office space, their discussions and arguments taking place in front of the entire team. Sherlock knew no shame and had no manners in that respect, and Lestrade went along with it. But now John was alone, and Lestrade was noticeably cooler than usual.
Afterwards, they went back to the hotel where John and Andrej had taken a room on Mycroft's behest. They ate some of the sandwiches they'd brought up to the room, toasted Irina with vodka and drank tea.
John beamed, held the instrument out to Sherlock, who took it, wary and uncertain. Around 700 grams. Grenadilla wood. Sixty-six centimetres. A beautiful instrument.
"I'm sorry," Greg Lestrade said, "but we do need to question you officially. You've already met Mr Holmes and Dr Watson."
Dusk was starting to descend when they arrived at Regent's Park. They walked silently beside each other, their collars turned up, hands in their pockets. It had stopped raining, but the wind was damp and chilly, tearing the last few leaves off the trees. They lay strewn about, brown stains sticking to the lawns and pavement. It wouldn't be much longer before it snowed.
The veterans' reunion. John went only with great reluctance. Even though he'd been looking forward to it so much. But now everything was different. No jealous partner anymore for him to wrest the outing from. No justifications. No scenes. He was free. And he was alone. But there was a man in a clinic who was so dependent on him that he could scarcely believe it himself. Who represented home so strongly, no matter whether it was Baker Street or Rosenfeld. Who had cried in his arms. He couldn't erase the image, had a harder time dealing with it than he'd thought. Sherlock.
His voice broke. He sobbed and let go of John's hand. Tears spilled out of his eyes and flooded his face. He wiped them away, embarrassed.
John sat up slowly, gave Sherlock the towel and pushed him down gently against the pillows. Sherlock capitulated when he felt John's hands on his body, John's breath on his skin, his lips, his tongue. He closed his eyes and gave in to the lust bubbling up hotly inside him, taking his breath away. He let himself be dragged down into the whirlpool, no resistance, into the inevitability of what was happening. He gave himself up, gave himself over into John's hands. Utterly. John didn't play with him, didn't string him along. John delivered him with tender loving care.
Sherlock stayed there in the doorway, virtually paralysed. He had to find Rosie. He had to start thinking. He knew that, but there was no clear line in his head that he might have followed. He didn't even know where to look. Not to mention what he might be able to do. The scale of his disorientation was monstrous. Unacceptable. Dangerous. He knew that. He couldn't allow himself to be confused by what John said to him. John was fighting for ground with Ella, just as Sherlock was. That was important, but not now. Not now. Now he needed to find Rosie. He couldn't break John's heart again. He had to find Rosie. For John.
Martin was the one who remained closest to John, thought. They talked a lot, laughed and had fun. They were also physically close. Martin was a physical person who used touch as a means of communication. He sat close to men he liked. He put his hands on their shoulders or backs. He rested his arm unabashedly around John, squeezed him, even took him by the hand once in a while when pulling him to the bar or somewhere else. John let him. It was unusual, but okay with him. He liked being touched. It didn't scare him anymore, now that there was no sexual tension between him and Martin. Maybe simply because he didn't let there be. Maybe because he absolutely forbade himself from following up on the events in the ritual room in any way, shape or form. But what had happened there wasn't forgotten. Not for John. He was ashamed and kicked himself over it. While Martin didn't seem to have a problem with it and could draw a clear line between the ritual and reality, it continued to be an issue for John for a while, including in his daily contact with Martin.
Magnussen's brother had already been secured. Moriarty was dead. Magnussen was dead. Steffen Boyd and Mary were dead. Everyone else connected to the Copernicus project got away scot-free. Inculding Rose. The Spider. She'd done her job in the background, her face was unknown, her name falsified.
"I was on call in A&E when Meredith Miller was brought in," he explained. "She'd given birth out in the corridor. Eve lived eleven minutes. The only thing left to do was try to save the mother."
"I prepare the consciousness-expanding Chalice in the lab at St Anna's," Callum explained. "I don't have a laboratory of my own anymore. I spent a lot of time at St Anna's because the effects of the drug weaken as it oxidises. I only prepared small amounts at a time. I had free access at St Anna's."
. Mycroft's cynical nuggets of wisdom. His ice-cold, devastating house of cards. The demons along the way.
"Not our future, John," Sherlock corrected him. "It's our past that lies buried there. Both of our pasts. The future lies before us."
"The brethren will draw straws. You will have three brothers who take turns looking after you during your preparations."
Sherlock got up eventually and reached for the violin. Maybe some mental work would help. Composing. Focussing on the sequence of notes, rhythms. Analysing, considering, notating, editing. The next variation. Sherlock played the theme, but knew right away there was something wrong. The sixth wasn't enough. The second and the octave, ascending. Better. Then continuing upward. To the highest possible point. Stop. From the beginning. More deliberate this time, smoother. Upward. Unknown worlds. Stop. The threshhold. Again. More careful. More attentive. More sure of the goal. Tentative approaching the top. Soft. Stepping over the threshhold. Watchful. Senses alert until the end.
Sholto lowered his eyes. Took his time. He was a man who took time. He'd looked death in the eye and walked away. Nothing else counted after that. Each and every second was valuable, meant diligence, pleasure, discovery.
He needed a distraction. He couldn't let himself call Sherlock. No texting either. No contact at all. It was harder than expected. John hadn't thought it would be so difficult for him. He'd already caught himself during the two-and-a-half-hour ride on the train, subconsciously waiting for a text, constantly being tempted to write to Sherlock. But he had a new mobile, a new number that Sherlock didn't even know, a prepaid card registered to John Horton, no contacts entered. A two-and-a-half-hour train ride. It was ridiculous. A ridiculously short time. A ridiculously short distance. A painful vacuum, devoid of information. John hadn't reckoned with this nagging restlessness. Nor with this dependence. Nor with the sense of helplessness his departure from London had left behind in him.
John stood there, stricken. His heart clenched. It hurt, what had happened here. He felt sorry for Dave. What had Sherlock done? And why? John wanted nothing more than to grab Sherlock and shake him, shout at him. But he stood there, frozen.
The pedestrian signal turned red. John dragged Sherlock across the street to the pavement, his hand like a steel band around his friend's upper arm with the thick wool of his coat. Sherlock was unwieldy, but John didn't leave a shadow of a doubt that they needed to move off the street.
Sherlock and John raced down the stairs to the club room. Martin sat on the floor with his back leaning against the bar block. He was deathly pale. His eyes were rolled up in his head. He was choking and gasping. Sherlock shook him.
Sherlock had lain on top of him, nestled in close, rubbed against him. And John had opened his legs as if in a trance, thrust into the tight heat between their damp bodies, alongside Sherlock's rock-hard penis. Again and again. Sherlock had cried out. A muffled cry into the pillows as his semen discharged onto John's stomach.
"To get rid of the proof of their failure. That's what their game is. Even if it means people have to die," Sherlock said, bitterness and resentment in his voice.
A wagon stands in front of James Waugh's house. A simple wooden cart with which the farmers transport all sorts of things. The hitched-up work horse is large and powerful, with a feed sack tied on from which it munches contentedly. It snorts softly and tosses its head up when our buggy arrives and it smells our horses. Waugh's boys give us anxious looks. They are both sitting quietly on the bench in front of the house. I keep my distance from them. Watson, with whom they are acquainted from the interrogation, walks up to them with a smile and speaks to them. They look up at him with awe-filled expressions. The smaller one clutches his wooden horse to his chest.
"I don't understand," Sherlock said. "Why did he think he was in danger from our accessing the database? I only wanted to talk to him."
Lestrade nodded. "We've already followed up on that. Chen Mortimer is on board a cargo ship that set sail that night. Officially, he boarded with his wife. They've already left British territory. According to the documentation, he's headed for South America. The port of destination is Buenos Aires. I assume the other two boarded somewhere else, or will do so."
John had the upper joint in his hand now, rubbing the cork dry. He paused when he heard Sherlock's  voice and the undertone in it, and gave his friend a searching look.
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned around. "Of course I still want you, John," he said, so quietly that it was nothing more than a hoarse whisper. "My life belongs to you."
Surprisingly, the realisation of their mutual verbal accessibility was followed by a diametrically opposed event that created a harmony of unsuspected magnitude. Without any words. Silent.
Sergej smiled pensively and shook his head. "No. Not really. I pretty much grew up in Moscow. I'm as much a stranger here as you are."
Sherlock was struggling. Struggling for the one word that was so omnipresent it felt as if it had merged with his very flesh. Yet it still wouldn't let itself be pinned down. Or perhaps that was the reason he couldn't pin it down. It was everywhere. Everywhere.
"Wouldn't it be more efficient to just ask John what he was doing before he went out with Rosie?" Lestrade asked. His voice indicated how uneasy he was about the whole situation.
Sherlock nodded. He was so exhausted, so full of tears that he couldn't speak. So much pain. So much fear.
"We'll get her ready and bring her to the viewing room. You'll have time and privacy to say goodbye there," said the surgeon.
John swallowed hard, taken aback by Sherlock's directness, which flooded him with a wave of unexpected heat. Sherlock's pupils slowly dilated as they gazed into each other's eyes, making room for that deep warmth, so unexpected in the flinty gaze of such a cool man. So unexpected and so real. John lowered his eyes, had to in order to find his way back to the thoughts swirling around him. As his eyes moved down, they caught on Sherlock's crotch, where his erection was clearly outlined underneath the cloth. John turned away and stared at the floor for a moment to collect himself.
Sherlock nodded, highlighted the profile of the Interpol employee, copied it into an external text document.
Sherlock probed the placid eyes, saw it was the truth. "You did get too personal," he said. "Thank you."
Sex was a tried-and-true means between them, they both knew that. A means of reconciliation and relaxation. Especially when words failed them, when the pressure became too great. Sometimes John didn't know anymore how they'd been able to stand being around each other before they'd found this way of being together. It was an irresistible path. They both knew the other one felt the same.
"Ambassador of love?" John was sceptical. "In the army, where their business is death and destruction?"
John was panting. He could barely control himself anymore. The bracket of their legs was so tight and hot that their genitals were slick with sweat. It was a surprisingly sensual feeling. Sherlock wasn't holding still anymore. He clenched his muscles in a steady rhythm, moved his hips, pressed against John, ground and moaned as the tip of his tongue played with John's. John couldn't stand it any longer. He pulled Sherlock's head closer and kissed him deeply. Sherlock's arms immediately wrapped themselves around him, held John close to him as their lower bodies separated a little with the heated motion, allowing more friction.
"I know. We've almost got it. The agent is going back to the infirmary to come up with something. I'll finish up here."
A long, dismal corridor, followed by the lift down to the dungeons. Downstairs the next man trap. The officer on duty recognised Sherlock and opened the first steel door. Sherlock waited patiently those few seconds until the scan inside the cubicle was finished and the second steel door opened. A right turn in the next corridor, then up the stairs and straight on to the wing where his sister was housed. Sherlock knew the way by heart.
"What's the value of a Watson? Or rather, for two Watsons, because you'll be getting John into the bargain. A two-for-one deal, if you will."
"I was afraid," Sherlock said softly, very softly. He'd lowered his eyes. "Mycroft told me that Mary..." Sherlock faltered and swallowed. Then he continued, with difficulty and just as soft: "Mary and you, you were going to get married. That wasn't part of the plan."
"Yes, that's right. We found Stean's candle broken and rolled up in tissue paper in a drawer in his flat. But that doesn't tell us anything other than that he'd undergone the bonding ritual and had a partner."
Sherlock heard the outside door open downstairs, just as he was starting the ascending legato theme, where it was picked up by the second violin, reinforced and confirmed. A gently rocking back-and-forth. Footsteps on the stairs. A vibration more than an auditory fact. A ripple, a quake that his body registered with all its senses, perceived a thousand times over, memorised all the way down to his subconscious. John's footsteps. He was hesitating. Sherlock could hear it: the hesitation before he knocked.
I find blood on the wall of the wooden barn at the scene of the crime, directly adjacent to the cess pit. The woman must have fallen against the door following the blow. There are countless footprints on the hard-packed, dusty dry floor of the barn. Too many. People trampled around indiscriminately after finding the body. Nothing to be done. The woman's family is in shock. The husband has had a nervous breakdown, is unable to be questioned. His wife is laid in state in the living room. His sister, who lives in the neighbouring village, has taken the children with her for the time being.
His eyes had softened. He must have noticed that things were different now too. A long, lingering look. An extended silence between them. The grey eyes alert. Sherlock swallowed.
At the hospital, Sherlock's arm was x-rayed in order to rule out any fractures before the wound was cleaned and stapled. The bleeding stopped. John waited while Sherlock was being treated. He didn't leave him alone. Sherlock was very much aware of that fact. John was only wearing his vest under his jacket. He'd torn up his shirt for Sherlock. John's jacket was full of blood. His -- Sherlock's -- blood.
Sherlock paused, staring off into space. "If the killer has helped things along, that means he has access as a member of the staff," he said and started to pace restlessly back and forth in the room. Lost in thought.
"Nothing can tear us apart, John. No one can take away what we share. Just as no one can take Mary and Sophie away from us. They'll always belong to us."
John exhaled angrily through his nose. He needed a couple of seconds to calm down. Then he said, "What does Mycroft have to do with it?"
And then arising once more. First to their knees. Then to their feet. The effort it took. Rising up from the depths of peace, the struggle to return to life, to the body. Gravity. Leaving the pit with the Princess in tow, returning to their responsibilities.
Sherlock stood there, numb. His arousal swelled in the damp confines of his trousers. His body was crying for John. His soul, his heart. But John wasn't there. And even if he had been, it wouldn't have changed anything. The realisation was instantly painful. It was his own impotence that tormented him. He had all the chances in the world, but he was too cowardly.
As midnight approached, the excitement increased. A wave of impatience rippled through the waiting crowd. Families called back their children. Then the lights all over Hyde Park went out. Conversations promptly fell silent and a murmur went through the throng. A clock chimed twelve from the direction of Westminster. All was still and dark. There was no sign or sound from Marutamaya Ogatsu's pyrotechnics team. The tension mounted.
Guessed all the affection that lay behind the stratagems. John shivered. Was that the message? Sherlock made his life complete. Yes. Sherlock filled his planet with fragrance, with colour, with his presence.
"He's inordinately interested in me at any rate. That's why it would be best if he didn't see us like this."
"They'd lose their jobs at best," Magdalena repeated. "You have no idea how fanatic some people are when it comes to getting rid of gay priests."
John took a deep breath. He was unfocused. Martin's autopsy report and Sherlock's conclusions from it concerned him. Martin hadn't died of the same poison as the others. That was why the antidote hadn't worked. Sherlock was certain the attack hadn't been meant for Martin, that it had been an accident, a mistake. Martin had died as a result of an error.
"She was lying asleep in her cot when Mary Watson left the room with her friend. She wasn't there when I came back. I didn't see anyone else myself."
"There are at least two very good reasons," Halsey had answered thoughtfully. "First of all, I met my wife and had three darling daughters before I realised what I wanted. I love my children more than anything and would never leave them, not for anything."
John's mobile rang. John stopped, took it out of his jacket. He took a couple of steps away from Sherlock, talked to someone, listened. Sherlock started when John grabbed his arm roughly, his face pale.
"I don't want to know everything about Mary. Are you listening? Please, Sherlock. Yes, yes I'll work on the case with you. You can send me to Holloway as a temporary replacement, that's all fine. But please, please don't bombard me with information about Mary. Please, Sherlock. I burned the stick because the past is..." John stuggled to hold back tears.
John. It was John. It was always John. His dependence on John was sobering. It even reached as far as his body. It wasn't healthy. Dangerous. Fatal. Death in Samarra. Sherlock shivered. Mary.
John stopped short at that thought. He was totally falling for this archetype mumbo-jumbo. Phil and Martin had just roped him in and assimilated him. He'd stumbled onto some male ego self-discovery trip. Where he was supposed to be undercover, investigating a triple murder. He wished Sherlock were there. Sherlock the Magician, who needed him to be his eastern shield the same way John needed Sherlock in the west. That much had become clear to John. It was mutual. Sherlock had the same problem with him that he did with Sherlock. Both of them needed the other to live their life fully.
John drank it the way he'd seen the others do. Two big swallows, then a third to empty the golden chalice. There was a lot, and it was a heavy red wine. Spicy and aromatic. And strong. It promptly suffused John's body with a warmth that spread everywhere.
John smirked. It was Sherlock who had pressed up against him as soon as they'd sat down. John hadn't done anything more than lay his arm across Sherlock's shoulder. Everything else was Sherlock's doing. It felt incredibly good. Sherlock's body. His hair. His breath. His smell. John didn't intend to rebel at the moment.
Martin's voice was soft and inviting. John had teetered; he'd teetered for a long moment. And in those fractions of seconds, he'd understood that he longed for the touch of another man. And that man was Sherlock. But Sherlock was all theory. Martin was here, present, in the flesh, making an offer. He liked him. John had struggled with himself, an unexpectedly fierce struggle against that open-ended offer. But then he'd realised what it meant, these depencencies, his life with Sherlock, his mission.
"I'll ask John as soon as he's coherent," Sherlock said. "But first I have to go back to Baker Street. Can you drive me?"
In the same moment as Sherlock sent the text, two men barged into the flat. Barely two seconds later, the barrel of a pistol was pointing at Sherlock's head.
Sherlock lost his moorings for a moment. He felt dizzy. Mary. The wide-open grey in John's eyes. The wobbling moment of instability between them. A yawning chasm. Fear.
Damn it! Where was Sherlock? John wasn't sure whether he should march out into the clearing and look for Sherlock or alert Lestrade. But then a text arrived:
Sergej's blue eyes widened. John knew right away that he'd made a mistake. Andrej, not Sherlock, damn it! He closed his eyes. Almost at the same time, he realised that Sergej was sitting at his bedside, not at his father's. That meant... John felt the tears well up in his eyes, unstoppable. Streams of water. As if his body wanted to wash away everything: the memories, the fear, that terrible fear, the incomprehensible, the unendurable... Sherlock. This awful weakness and powerlessness that made it impossible for him to move.
Sherlock closed his eyes. Even if he cleared everything else out of his life, John would still be there. That was obvious. John couldn't be cleared away. He was in every pore of Sherlock's body, in every grain of earth in his field. John was woven into his very being to a worrisome degree. He couldn't be excised. Not without an operation that would see him bleed to death.
John stopped in his tracks, dumbfounded. Hearing those words come out of Sherlock's mouth was completely unexpected.
It was Friday and the club was bursting at the seams. Martin was there, along with Ciril and Bernie and everyone else. John sat down with them. He was restless. He was sure Sherlock was going to come to the club too, and he had no idea how he was going to deal with that. He avoided Martin. He didn't want Sherlock to see him with Martin again. But it got later and later, and Sherlock still didn't show up, and John became careless. He'd drunk some whiskey and felt a little tipsy. At some point, he allowed Martin to get close again. In fact, he sought him out. Martin had become an important factor in his life. Martin's warmth, his scent, his strength. Martin's dark eyes, his smile. Was he starting to fall in love?
The astonishing story about the rose thorns. A sheep also eats flowers with thorns. What, then, are the thorns good for? Why do flowers go to the effort, if they are going to be eaten anyway? The little prince was sick with fear for his flower:
"And you look like a perfectly ordinary gentleman, Holmes," Watson counters. "And if you'll allow: so do I. And yet our tendencies are quite different than one might expect."
"You're practising the variations with Jonah Peller," Sherlock stated, underwhelmed. Not just because it meant that John was meeting regularly with another man who shared his love for the clarinet, but above all because in doing so, John was passing on Sherlock's intimate present, in a manner of speaking. Or was at least sharing it with someone who didn't deserve it. It hurt in an unexpected way, and he struggled for a moment with the initial stirrings of jealousy.
Later, when John had brought Rosie to bed for her midday nap, Sherlock stood at the window in the living room and looked out at the bourgeois greenery of the surrounding neighbourhood. Everything was so simple here, no challenges. Mediocre. And he realised he wanted to go back to Baker Street. Into the turmoil of the pulsating city. With Mrs Hudson, who always came into the flat at the wrong moment. With the drop-in clients. With John. And with Rosie.
Martin put his arms around John from behind. Just lightly. Held him loosely. John turned, turned himself once around his own axis, tried to get in touch with what he was feeling. It was astonishing, the spaces he passed through. His body reflected them: tingling, heat, cold, shortness of breath, dizziness, the throb of his pulse, calm, weakness, strength. There were two directions in which he sensed power and stability.
It is what it is. We sometimes say that to each other. It is what it is, even if we don't dare consider what we mean by that.
Sherlock fell silent for a while, inhaling deeply. He didn't look up. The tips of his fingers still on the glass.
Sherlock's lips found John's and after an affectionate kiss, Sherlock simply fell asleep in John's arms. Everything had happened so fast, so dream-like, that John doubted Sherlock had even been awake for it.
Night was already falling when Sherlock heard the sound of an outboard motor being started and revved. The chugging of a small boat moving away. He assumed the man they'd called Sam had just set out in the dinghy. So there were only two of them left: Marsden and the woman. Good. That increased his chances of escape.
"They're men who include the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost in their most intimate union. Who unify their strength as a couple with the divine in an all-inclusive present. They're like a reactor of divine love and mercy, a spiritual power station unifying God and man at the deepest level. They're like Christ," Sherlock corrected him.
Celine watched him, smiling. "You shouldn't drink with your mouth full. Has no one ever taught you that?" she asked.
They stayed like that for a  long time, standing at the window wrapped around each other. The lack of restraint was new. New and nice. When they finally let go, slowly, Sherlock's eyes were filled with emotion, his lips parted, his face heated. John ran both hands through Sherlock's dark hair, fascinated, and closed his eyes, bewitched, when Sherlock leaned over and kissed him. Sighing, soft and tender. John returned the kiss with feeling. He felt the fire in him and let it burn without pressuring Sherlock in any way. He also didn't protest when Sherlock broke it off and said, "We need to go down to the elm tree."
"No," Eurus answered her own question in passing as her gaze slid over to Mycroft, both interested and appraising. "But you've brought me another suggestion."
"I was scared of that possibility with you, Sherlock. It was right there in front of us for so long and we never saw it, maybe we didn't want to see it. I knew it would be binding, and fierce, and exclusive if we let it happen. We know each other so well, Sherlock, we live together and work together. We share everything together."
"Yes. Mrs Hudson and Molly are bringing her. I hope that's okay with you. I thought... well, I thought she's part of the family." Uncertainty in John's tone.
Ella waited. Gave him space, allowed him time to think, to reflect. Silence spread in the therapist's office, bonding with the light that flooded the room through the large window. Outside, it was summer.
Their eyes met. Sherlock's heart threatened to burst, throwing his head into utter chaos. He didn't know what to say or do. All he knew was that they had just done it. They had just taken the first step toward something that could no longer be taken back. They were in the midst of revealing things that lay much deeper than words could ever reach.
"There are the meadows of my childhood. Moments of lightheartedness. Playing on the riverbank. A summer party with music and lots of people. Christmas. The Christmas tree. There are many divergent paths, holes and caves on those meadows. Dark spaces full of fear and darkness. I haven't explored them all."
John told about their decision to break up. Celine wanted to know the reasons, to hear the story. John explained. Sherlock sat beside them, downcast, his eyes closed. Celine observed both of them. She remained matter-of-fact as she listened, drank coffee, unhurriedly peeled an apple, cut it into pieces, ate them, asked a question here and there. Nodded.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Sherlock was aggravated. More at Mycroft's expression of astonishment and disgust than at Eurus's shameless directness.
Sherlock's voice was gentle. He felt his heart lurch and expand when John's eyes became alert, found him, immersed themselves in his for several long seconds, touching something deep inside him. Their eyes touched something in each other, releasing warmth.
John looked up to meet Sherlock's gaze. Sherlock opened himself to the searching look, let himself be examined. So much warmth and honesty. Some sadness too. Always. Whenever Sherlock opened up, there was always that black pearl of sadness deep down in the background. Even when they slept together.
John sat down at his side and picked up his uninjured hand. Silent. He just sat there and held Sherlock's hand. There was nothing to say. John couldn't even think. Sherlock was alive. John was numb. The world was far away. Sherlock was close. Very close. As close as in that final hour. Utterly ensconced in each other. Everything fine. They were together. There was nothing to think about. John was hooked up to an IV himself. His body had poisoned itself, his kidneys weren't out of the woods yet, and his muscles kept cramping up. Blackouts and memory problems. And he was so terribly tired. He sat at Sherlock's bedside, watching their hands, intertwined, and he wasn't sure, couldn't be sure, whether this was a dream or not.
"What about Dave?" John asked. His mouth was dry, but he knew the moment had arrived to pose the question.
"No. He never spoke of a partner. I always thought he was alone. But if he's a member of the Green Chamber, he must have tied the sacred knot at some point, right?"
They stood facing each other, Dr Kenny and Sherlock Holmes, looking each other in the eye. Dr Kenny held out her hand to him. He hesitated a moment before grasping and shaking it.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John. The city lights passing by outside winked across his somber face. "I truly don't know, John," he said, his voice muted.
"In the report, it says the poison was a mixture of extracts from plants that grow in these gardens."
He couldn't believe his eyes at first. But then he set off right away, limping, dragging, and pulling himself the handful of metres to the lush greenery that sprouted up between the crumbling concrete pillars. They were wild blackberry bushes. Several of the fruits hung black and plump amongst the thorny briars. Sherlock picked what he could reach, putting them into the pockets of his jacket. Then he limped back to Rosie. She was still playing with the piece of wood.
"It was a trade." Sherlock felt sleep threatening to overtake him, silencing his voice. He was seized by a sudden panic. Fear of a fall into the obscure darkness of his subconscious, where James Moriarty wore a bridal veil and Eurus, her throat slit, played her games with him on the precipice of a cold, wet waterfall.
Watson lifted his hand to examine his cigarette, took one final drag and tossed it out into the night with a gesture that was both nervous and violent. A combination of reluctance and desperation.
"No," John said. "It's not just a case. You know that as well as I do. Let's find another way to do this, Sherlock."
The creaking of the stairs under her feet. John dropped back down into the armchair. He'd interrupted looking through the mail that had gathered in his absence to greet Mrs Hudson. John plucked one envelope after another from the pile, turned them over, looked at them, stuck the tip of the letter opener in the fold and slit the paper open with a single sharp tug.
"Did you know that your partner, Peter Moor, had a relationship with Gordon Kelley?" Sherlock asked.
"No. I wanted to protect her and failed. Ava was my friend. As much as the job allows any kind of emotional attachment."
Two mounted men in uniform appear beside the pond, embarrassed when they see my state of undress, my modesty hastily concealed by the clothes I hold in my hand.
"Fine," Sherlock lied and indicated the two chairs in front of the fireplace. "Have a seat." He put the violin into its case and loosened the bow.
The name was a declaration of love. Sherlock wasn't a girl's name. Sherlock smiled as the countryside passed by outside. Flat farmland. The sky overcast. A grey cloud layer hovering over everything that lived and breathed.
John had come by bus, got out at the last station then walked a few minutes. The grain had been cut a while ago. Rotting stumps stood bare in the dusky light. The smell of earth and damp. Mist hovered over the ground. Black birds gathered on the power lines overhead. A string of pearls. An astonishing regularity. Bird after bird. They stood frozen on the wire. A precisely defined distance between them. In a row. One animal next to another. Motionless. Silent. Waiting. Waiting for the trigger. The catalyst. A secret order.
John decided to do as the men asked and picked up his backpack. He didn't get as far as opening it, however, as one of the bodyguards promptly plucked it out of his hands.
John had taken the day off, with the wise foresight that their joint therapy session with Ella might need some additional processing after the fact. Whether because they would both need some time to themselves or because they would want to spend the day together, maybe talk some more. They went to sit in the little cafe next to the cemetery, right next door to the flower shop, where they drank coffee and ate a little something. Then they picked up Rosie and went home.
"I'm not letting you go," John said, his voice hard and cold as steel, "until you've told me everything or you're dead. Or both."
"I developed it, together with Molly. It hasn't been tested. I'm not sure of the side effects. But it's better than simply dying without having tried."
"John." Sherlock voice came out scratchy, barely audible. He cleared his throat. "Sorry, I was asleep." And after a couple of seconds in which no response was forthcoming from John: "You wanted to talk to me. About the text."
It lies within me, cold and sharply angled. Every move causes its keen, icy edges scrape against the open wounds of my soul. The iceberg reaches down deep into my groin, where the main body can be found. It sometimes cracks open, splinters into daggers that thrust into my body when the mountain turns, pushing new masses of ice downward and digging the shards deeper into my flesh. Sometimes I find I can barely breathe.
Impatience flashed in John's eyes for a fraction of a second. Then they became pensive, scrutinising him. This was John's child. The child of the person Sherlock was closest to. The only person Sherlock was close to. Sherlock tried to smile. He wanted to be happy. But John saw right through him. Sherlock could see it in his eyes, the worry remaining, the lack of a smile.
He stares at me, his eyes flashing. I know I have broken a rule. I have used his first name. An intimacy that does not belong in public.
It was going to change everything. Everything was going to look different, behave differently, and sound different. Only the ticking would remain constant. The ticking.
John and Sherlock looked at each other. Then Sherlock went back into the DI's office without another word, stiff, his hands clasped behind his back. John followed. Sherlock sat back down on his chair. John took the seat next to him.
"Peter Moor, the first victim, lived with his partner, a doctor named Ginger Burton," Linda said. "They weren't married but had two children together, nine and seven years old. The daughter goes to school but the son is severely disabled. Peter had officially claimed paternity." Linda leafed through the notes from the investigation. "Phil Salisbury had also been married and had one daughter. He was divorced. The divorce went through a year after his first malpractice suit. Davide Perilli was his lawyer for that."
"I've memorised a few phrases. I'll make every attempt to come across as authentic. But I'm afraid I'll make a lousy priest. I'll have to remain in your shadow. You're the expert here. You'll need to cover for me."
"We don't know," Lestrade admitted. "He met up from time to time with a Benedictine monk from the abbey of Mary Star of the Sea. But he doesn't know anything. We've questioned him. And Stean's candle isn't broken to bits. It probably got dropped on the floor, or just fell off something. Stean must have wrapped it in tissue paper after it broke in order to keep the pieces together. In contrast to Michael Johnston's candle, which was cut open with a sharp instrument." Lestrade laid the photographs on the table.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair. It wasn't enough. Moriarty. Why Moriarty? Moriarty was dead, his network smashed. Could he rule him out? Or had he overlooked something? What did the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, CSIS, have to do with it? Was Mary Canadian? He'd suspected from the start that she wasn't British. Had she worked for the CSIS back then, three years ago?
The scene of the crime is in disarray. Everything is full of slurry, water, filth, and footprints. The cesspool has been covered up again with old, solid oaken boards so that no one falls in. The corpse has been dragged out of the pit, rinsed off with water and brought into the cool underground cheese cellar of the nearby dairy. It lies there, wrapped in a sheet, upon a rough wooden table. The place smells of damp and the tang of the cheese ripening on wooden shelves in the rear part of the room. A bucket holds a sharply bitter-smelling herbal brew with which the cheese is wiped down daily. A greasy rag hangs over the lip of the bucket, and I make a mental note not to consume any of the local cheese. At any rate, the stench overpowers the smell of the liquid manure still clinging to the corpse. As well as the faintly tangible, sweetish scent of the initial stages of rot.
Sherlock sat down abruptly next to John, let himself drop heavily onto the seat, leaning against the back of the bench.
People bore me. They are always so fixated on their own absurd existence. They know nothing; see nothing. And even when they do see, they do not understand what they have seen. They are incapable of analysis. Their thought processes are simplistic and predictable, and they act accordingly. It is quite incredible, actually, that such a banal principle has succeeded through the course of evolution.
"Ask Martin. You're always hanging around with him anyway. To be honest, I thought you were having an affair. But then your ex suddenly turns up here."
They smiled at each other. John was sure Sherlock was right. They had been sitting there, focused completely on each other all evening. It was peaceful between them, quiet and replete. There wasn't room for anything other than the two of them. A glass case of energy that had formed around them, a kind of microcosm that locked them both inside and shut everything else out. Others must be able to sense it too.
Sherlock leaned against John as they both sat on the blanket John had brought along, his head on John's shoulder, John's hand in his. In the midst of thousands of people also waiting for the fireworks. Close by a young couple wrapped around each other. Behind them two families with children running and screeching through the crowd in high spirits. An elderly couple, the woman in a wheelchair, the man's hand on her shoulder. Mrs Hudson had run into some friends and gone to join them after seeing John and Sherlock holding hands.
Saturday. John bought supplies for the coming week at the nearby supermarket, slept in, took time for himself and his assignment, wrote down which people he'd already met and assigned them to St Anna's, the club, or both. He hesitated to add Phil to the list of possible suspects but did it in the end. He thought of Sherlock as he worked. He thought of him whenever he was alone. He felt lost without Sherlock, without a counterpart, even if that counterpart was stubborn and difficult. John briefly considered going to London for a few hours, but then realised that doing so would endanger his mission.
They stood there in the corridor for several seconds, indecisive. Dave stared at the towel in his hands. Then he raised his head and looked into Sherlock's eyes. Just for a moment. John couldn't parse the look in those dark eyes. Disappointment, maybe, suppressed anger, sadness. Then Dave looked at John. They watched each other. Dave's gaze probing but free of suspicion. After a couple of heartbeats, Dave nodded, faint and pensive, turned around and went back into the massage room. Not a word. The door clicked shut behind him.
"I'm practising some pieces I play with Eurus. It's quite challenging. Eurus is quick. I bring her the sheet music and a couple of days later she has everything memorised. Tea?"
"A kind of wedding ring." It wasn't clear whether Sherlock was asking or making a statement. He passed the ring back to Ethan, who returned it to his finger.
John closed his eyes, holding fast to the chair. Tears leapt from his eyes, washing away the 'thank you' he'd wanted to say.
Sherlock explained that he was there regarding the repair of a wall clock with a pendulum from 1922. It had fallen down.
Sherlock took his suit jacket down from the hook on the wall and put it on. He never left the house without appropriate outerwear. They walked down the stairs together, not speaking, and got into the taxi with a fluttery Mrs Hudson. And while she engaged the taxi driver in an animated conversation about fireworks in the front seat, Sherlock buried his face in John's shoulder on the back seat, miserable, as John held him silently.
Rosin dust had collected under the bridge. Sherlock carefully wiped it away, removed the fingerprints from the lacquer and put the instrument into its case, closing both of the latches.
Sherlock felt it. Deduced it. Whatever. He was a remarkably sensitive partner, a highly delicate seismograph underneath all his cynicism, registering each and every tremor, no matter how small. He took in more than he let out. Much more.
"Martin wants to try it out with us and asked if we'd let him," John lied, but Callum shook his head.
, he heard Nora say at some point, not knowing whether she was speaking to him or to Sherlock. It didn't matter.
I introduce myself and Watson, saying that we are assisting the local constabulary with the Waugh murder and wish to speak with her. The Doctor and I have descended from the buggy and walk through the mud, nearly ankle-deep and speckled with chicken droppings, to the door of the house.
Sherlock took a deep breath before playing the theme again. By heart. Quietly this time. Without being able to prevent the melancholy that crept in, making him pensive. The last note faded away in the living room, an overtone lingered in the chimney, emptiness gaping behind it. The ticking of the clock was missing. A wave of emotion that threatened to tear the rug out from under Sherlock's feet. He closed his eyes for a moment to regain his composure. Then he lowered both violin and bow, relaxed his shoulder. He had a headache. The act of playing had taken more out of him that he wanted to admit. Everything was a jumble inside him.
Sherlock walked out of the office without another word. John stayed seated, shaking his head. Sherlock had to call to him from the door: "Are you coming, John?" before he got up and went out into the corridor.
by Jonathan Salisbury. Then he took two red pins, stuck one by Martin's picture and the other by Phil under
Sherlock dried his cup, frowning, bewildered at the train of thought such simple household tasks elicited in him. He couldn't separate his thoughts from John, from what was coming. It was all theoretical, of course. It was time for John to come back. High time for those things to become concrete that had remained untested until now. Especially in his life. He didn't have any experience with relationships, knew very little about love. And what little experience he did have, had been unhappy. He'd always avoided it whenever possible. This time it was different, and that was good. He was looking forward to John. That was all. John was there. He knew him. It was easy. He was his friend. He loved him.
Celine gave him a once-over. "I require that my agents' private lives be settled and stable. The job requires complete focus."
"There's no other way, John," Sherlock said. It was probably supposed to sound objective, but his timorous, barely articulated voice belied any attempt at neutrality.
"Everything all right, Sherlock?" Molly sounded worried. She'd pushed the drawer back into the chamber and locked it up again already.
"No. Hired from a car rental agency by an older gentleman under a false name. Returned on time, paid in cash."
John came in with Rosie sleeping on one arm and carrying a plastic bag with Thai food. Sherlock put the violin away and reached for the crutches, intending to lever himself up. John waved him down.
"No, John! No. Please, not this either-or! Don't make me choose! I'm begging you. Let us find a solution. Please! Please!"
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, astonished. It wasn't the words that amazed him. It was their hands. John had taken his hand, completely matter-of-factly, when he sat down by the bed: inserted his fingers between Sherlock's, interlocked them, and then left them like that. Just left them wrapped together on top of the hospital bedsheet, next to where Sherlock lay.
John looked at the picture with the name shining through all those layers, dominating everything else. His name. A surge of heat that he couldn't suppress. John inhaled deeply, closed his eyes for a moment. The truth in the background. It was unavoidable, couldn't be overridden. Not by him, and not by Sherlock. The realisation flowed through John, a wave of profound sentiment that suffused his entire being. John looked up and their gazes met. The severity in Sherlock's eyes had melted away, the blue gone soft. John hesitated a moment before giving in to his instincts, going to his friend and hugging him. Sherlock received him, embraced him in a way that took his breath away. Intimately, no resistance. Sherlock's body up close, a connection. John gasped when Sherlock opened his legs where he sat leaning back against the window sill, and John nestled in closer. Their proximity flooded John's body with heat. He let it happen. That was part of the truth. He desired Sherlock, and Sherlock knew that and felt it, and it was okay.
"Yes. Yes." Sherlock stood up, unsteady, and looked for his suit jacket. He still wore suits, even in the clinic.
I have nothing but tea for breakfast. I feel much better, but I do not yet trust my stomach. Watson is still very quiet, his appetite seems to be greatly reduced. He usually eats with such gusto and pleasure. Now, he scoops out his egg with slow, unaccustomed motions, lost in thought; chews his bread and cheese with a listless demeanour.
Miller turned around and walked away, no good-bye, nothing, just left John and Sherlock behind. John stood there staring into the distance. Sherlock didn't know what to do.
Sherlock tuned the other strings to the standard pitch. A perfect fifth. What a pleasure a perfect fifth was! The clarity when the quavering caused by the slight difference in frequency between the two tones suddenly faded, merging into the overtones, resolved into one, exact and true. Reduced to that breathtaking serenity and power. Sherlock closed his eyes. He tuned the instrument slowly and deliberately. An extremely sensual experience. A highly intellectual process. The vibrations. Synchronising them, hearing the purity, seeing it, feeling it, taking pleasure in it. The resonance of the instrument, a masterpiece of art, of science, of sensuality. The violin. His violin.
John took a deep breath but stayed where he was, one hand leaning on the railing of the cot, his eyes cast downward for a long moment. Then he lifted them, and in them was a resolve that unsettled Sherlock. A firework of emotions flashed through the anthracite of John's eyes, and still he maintained eye contact. The strength of a soldier who knows that it's come down to all or nothing.
"Relax," John repeated when Sherlock almost lost his balance for a brief moment in the seething water.
"That's rather dramatic, isn't it?" Sherlock said. "At night, all alone in a darkened church? It's eerie. Disturbing. Thrilling."
"Yes," he finally said, his voice low. He opened his eyes and looked into his friend's blue ones. They were deep and dark in the faint light of the bedside lamp. "I can't just have sex with you, Sherlock. Look at what it's doing to us. Look at us."
Sherlock froze for a moment. Then he placed the violin into its case, closed the lid, and flipped the catch. It was as silent as a grave in the living room of 221B Baker Street. Sherlock put the violin case into the cupboard and sat at the table across from John. They looked at each other. Held each other's gaze.
"Brahms?" Sherlock said, trying to keep himself separate from what he'd just heard, not to get angry or distracted.
John was confused. He wasn't sure what was going on here. Was this all an act? Was it real? Sherlock could cry on command, he knew that. He'd seen it on multiple occasions. Sherlock used tears unabashedly whenever they helped him solve a case. He could play with other people's emotions incredibly easily, and did so freely. But this? Sherlock's fingers digging into his light summer jacket. Right through to the flesh underneath, painful. The shaking body in his arms. All the tears seeping unchecked into his collar. And yet none of the texts he'd received had given any indication that Sherlock was doing poorly. Aside, perhaps, from the remark about crying at night. John had automatically dismissed it as part of the role Sherlock was playing.
"You'll see," Phil replied. "The manor has four gardens, each laid out in one of the cardinal directions. They're dedicated to the four archetypes of masculinity, with corresponding plants."
"What?" The priest – he wore a ring and was young, John guessed 35 at most – shook his head. "You should concentrate on the preparatory exercises now. You've only finished half and they're going to get more intense."
"John. There are several parties involved who don't normally work together. That makes things complicated and requires certain guidelines. That's why things are a little different than usual this time."
A signal broke the rhythm of their bodies. John's fingers had brushed the side of Sherlock's head. Their eyes met. Time expanded into a broad landscape flooded with sunlight. The leaves of the trees in Regent's Park when the summer breeze passed through them. John's fingers barely a whisper on his temple, in his hair. The beat of the seconds spreading beneath wilting arpeggios. Low. Clear. A plainsong. Sherlock let himself sink into it, reeling.
"The teasel you planted, the thyme and the rosemary, the sage, the mint, your borage, the hollyhock, the coneflower, your sunflowers and lilies, the blackberries, the summer lilac..."
Sherlock's fingers moved in John's hand, squeezing gently, fingertips caressing the back of his hand.
"No, no. Something's wrong, John. But what? Something doesn't add up. It can't be. Why did he invite you?"
"Can you carry her? With your leg?" John asked, tearing Sherlock out of his thoughts. The others had already left.
Sherlock had talked himself into a rage. His face was red, his eyes flashing. His hand a fist of stone in John's t-shirt.
Sherlock felt John with his entire body, saw every emotion in those grey eyes. Even the brief shadow of a doubt that gave him pause. Only for a fraction of a second, before longing and desire overcame him with uncontrollable might, he felt John's complaisance and pushed himself into the hot, wet channel, slowly, deeper and deeper, barely able to rein in his hunger for closeness and union, for assimilation and possession, his eyes locked on John's, the lake churning, breath stuttering. Their bodies joined. The lake black. Sherlock lets himself sink into it, his breath coming in fitful jerks, every breath drawing a sound out of the depths, hips moving in desperation. A pause at the edge of the abyss. Hand in hand. Teetering. Fingers interlaced. Heat. Plainsong. Tonic. Safety.
They moved in at the beginning of winter. Lestrade and Molly helped with the move, and the new neighbour, Tyler O'Rourke, and his family lent a hand as well. His wife, Elsie, cooked for everyone, their youngest hanging off her apron. The two middle ones raced around the house, the older daughter helped carry things and put together furniture. It was a rainy day. As night fell, a thick fog settled over the countryside. They lit the fire in the hearth and enjoyed the first evening in the company of both old friends and new. Then Molly and Lestrade drove back to London, and the O'Rourkes returned to their own house.
Sherlock snuffled heavily into John's hair. "John," he whispered helplessly. His fingers dug into John's flesh.
"She doesn't look much like a Tom to me. She looks like a perfectly ordinary country woman," I point out.
'No,' he would have replied, 'I'm exploring the essence of things beyond the limits of my own experience.'
But John reacted to it. He closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again. A sign that he'd understood. A sign that he was there. The miniscule gesture was enough to fill Sherlock with warmth. John was here. A moment of mutual acknowledgment. Contact. A fleeting moment of happiness.
John pushed Sherlock over onto his back in order to spare his leg, stroked and stimulated him, ground against him lustfully as he held Sherlock's arms up over his head. Sherlock reacted strongly to being at John's mercy. John knew that and took pleasure in it. Sherlock's slender body arched up beneath his relentless hands and lips, beneath the tight friction of their erections rubbing against each other. John felt the flame inside him flare up under the influence of the body writhing beneath him, the utter devotion, the moaning and pleading. He hesistated for a moment due to the injuries to Sherlock's leg, but then he made him his in every way. He wanted Sherlock. Wanted to have all of him, completely.
Sherlock was still typing. He'd only glanced up once, briefly, during the conversation, his gaze passing over John's before flickering away again. John watched him now, saw the tension in his posture, the fluttering of his fingers. He didn't know whether Sherlock was going to ask something else, or whether he'd given up.
Brahms, the violin sonata. Yes, that was a possibility. Because sitting there in the armchair was no longer an option. A thousand butterflies fluttered around inside him, banging into his nerve endings, prickling up and down his body. He needed to do something about the bustling and buzzing and twitching. Play. Brahms. The violin. He could hold onto it, place his hands on the bow and fingerboard and they would know what to do and feel at home. He could lock his eyes onto the notes and his brain would transfer the symbols to his fingers. His ears would glue themselves to the sounds and send corrective impulses. His senses would be focused. His body would align itself, bond with the instrument and the rhythm of the music. That would work. Usually.
"I'll bring it back to you," Sherlock said quietly. His voice trembled. They were still looking into each other's eyes. Their gaze unbroken. Deep. Their hands had interlaced.
John smelled damp and freshly showered when he stood in front of Sherlock in pyjamas and a t-shirt with two wine glasses in one hand and a bottle of red wine in the other. He lifted the hand with the bottle inquiringly, and Sherlock nodded.
The poetry of the fire propagated itself before the eyes of the witnesses in Hyde Park: dynamics, dramaturgy, pacing, combined with a poignant starkness and enchanting charm. Nonstop. No time to breathe. An inferno of the senses. Sherlock felt John's body tense and relax where it pressed against his, felt John hold his breath and let it go again, felt the muscles in John's back, the pressure of his hand in Sherlock's, felt the fireworks in John's body. Fiery images etched into time, just like music that directed the breath with its notes, swept the audience along on a journey of beauty and transience that died as soon as it was consummated.
"Everything that happens in here has nothing to do with me. We're in a ritual space. We're in your subconscious. Do you understand?"
Sherlock sat down on a rock, and John found a seat too. They looked out over Lake Brienz, a turquoise green surface glowing far below. To the west was Lake Thun. In between them Interlaken. Directly opposite the Rothorn. Clouds were coming up in the west. The weather could turn that night. Evening thermals blew down the mountain to the valley, rippling through the grass and flowers.
"Looks like I don't really have any choice," he said, looking at Mycroft. "At any rate, thank you, Mycroft. It looks like you've saved my life."
John checked in at the reception desk and someone came to get him. Long hallways. An old stone staircase leading up to the first floor. Brick floors. It smelled like disinfectant and coffee. Dr Kenny's consultation room was a high-ceilinged, light-filled space with a stuccoed ceiling and large, latticed windows. Simple furnishings. Houseplants. John sat in the lime green upholstered armchair he was shown to.
"A couple of years later, I was transferred to London, to the Sisters here. I saw that the brotherhood was holding rituals in Stean's church. And well... the chapel with the picture of Sergius and Bacchus... I realised which brotherhood it was then. Then the whole thing with Michael happened. Michael and his lover would go to Sergius and Bacchus to pray. We got to talking. After a while, I discovered the whole story surrounding them. A desperate love affair, similar to the one I'd been involved in a few years earlier."
It wasn't until later that the awareness of the loss of his sister, the anger, the struggle with fate, and the grief all crashed over Sherlock. A couple of hours later. And with it all of the questions regarding the meaning, the why, the omissions and guilt. Questions that no one could ever answer.
That's when he saw him. No, John wasn't really surprised. It was just like always. Sherlock didn't stick to plans. He wasn't coming back tomorrow. He was walking through the door of the Baer, heading straight for the reception desk, coat on despite the summery weather, towing his trolley case. He hadn't seen John yet, all the way in the back of the restaurant. But it was only a matter of minutes before Sherlock would be standing in front of him. John closed his eyes and decided not to open them again for the time being. His heart was beating rapidly. He registered it and shook his head at himself, albeit not without a wry smile. Theory and practise. No sooner had Sherlock entered his field of vision than his body reacted.
A man in uniform opened the door and looked in, nodding to John. It was one of the same men who had brought him there.
Sherlock moved behind John, wrapped his arms around him and settled his chin in John's hair. He wasn't ready to relinquish the contact yet. John leaned back against him as they both watched the spectacle of lights becoming wilder and wilder. Long golden ribbons joined the white lights. Different timing. New movements. A mysterious dance. The start of an uninterrupted, breathtaking performance.
The bitterness was unexpected. The space between them filled with a chill. Sherlock swallowed over a dry throat.
John had been right. The flat on Baker Street was inconvenient when limping around it on crutches all day. Conversely, John's flat was on the ground level, spacious, and largely free of steps, threshholds, carpet edges, or other things to make you trip  – if you discounted Rosie's toys which lay scattered across the floor.
When he emerged from the bathroom, Sherlock had made coffee, pushed a cup into his hand without asking. The gesture confused John. He couldn't recall Sherlock ever having made coffee for him before. He accepted it gratefully. And he was astonished to recall that Sherlock had made him a sandwich the night before, cut cheese into strips for him, taken him into his arms, cried with him. Everything was so new and unfamiliar, and it touched John unexpectedly deeply. It also scared him. He wasn't alone. Sherlock was here. He'd chosen Sherlock. Not Martin. Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes. Pale and worried. John put the coffee cup down on the table.
Ice-blue eyes focused on John's grey ones. Slowly. A long way from wherever it was to here. Awareness returned. Bit by bit. Something melted in the icy blue, softened as John's presence was noted. Sherlock laid his hand on John's arm.
"We can't get the fever under control," she said sortly. "Dr Wittings is on the way. She'll talk to you."
A spark flew up into the sky from the middle of the Serpentine, straight as an arrow, drawing a thin line across the night. Just as the light reached its crest and began its descent, it released a white sphere from the tip. It floated there for a moment, motionless. Everyone held their breath. An ear-splitting bang, and the night sky was littered with spraying crystals, hissing as they burned before they started to fall.
"No. There's no pattern. Depends on what she's done or eaten that day. Or how my mood's been. She must sense when I'm... No. Wait." John opened the bedroom door. He was already dressed and buttoning up his shirt. His eyes were wide in alarm. "The last two weeks it was always on Wednesday."
Sherlock glanced up to meet John's eyes, shook his head, and set down the fork. It was late. They'd spent the whole evening at the club and police headquarters. John had used CPR on Martin when his heart had started to stutter. The paramedic had then taken over. Martin wasn't out of the woods yet. But he was alive. The antidote seemed to be working – at least partially. Martin was in the ICU at West Suffolk Hospital. John had made sure he wasn't taken to St Anna's. That would have been too dangerous.
"Michael Johnston was bound to a partner in Christ, but he fell in love with an officer he worked with in the army," said the nun from the Order of the Merciful Cross. She sat straight-backed and calm in her habit on the simple wooden chair in her flat in the rectory. "The two of them sometimes went to Sergius and Bacchus to pray together. They were closer than any two men I've ever seen, believe me. There was a kind of aura surrounding the two of them when they were together. But Michael was bound, and the sacred knot can't be undone. Michael struggled against that forbidden love like a lion."
"Both of you lie to me, you and Mary. You lie to my face every single day. Keep the truth from me. You join forces and I'm kept in the dark on purpose. How long has that been going on? Hm? Since the beginning?"
? That's a priesthood fraternity." John leaned over Sherlock's shoulder to see the screen of his laptop. "But what's
"We've arrested the shooter who killed the two other women, including the one who supposedly killed Mary. Two lethal head shots. Professional. She was lightly wounded, a bullet grazed her cheek but they treated it without taking her to hospital. She says she was protecting Mary. Several witnesses corroborate that. We're still investigating. The woman's name is Rose Granby, a Canadian CSIS agent known as the Spider."
Sherlock was dead. In all likelihood. It was better to quickly relinquish all hope and face the facts. To let go. Sherlock was dead. Maybe. Dead yet close by. So close. So unbearably close. Maybe closer in death than ever before. John's heart burned. He shivered, a shudder. Sherlock was... gone. The room empty. Forever. Forever. He needed to endure it. Endure. Learn. Endure. Cement hardened in John's chest. Heavy and jagged.
Silence fell over the wooden table in front of the alpine cabin. The sun shone on the meadows higher up on the other side of the valley. The constant gurling of the water trough, the bells of the goat herd. Other than that it was silent.
"No!" Sherlock almost shouted the word. "We've invested so much and we're so close to our objective, John. You can't interfere now. Please. Please, John."
Suddenly, John had to hold back a scream: there, in the middle of the room, lay a man on the floor, facedown, arms and legs splayed out in all directions. John's heart was beating wildly. He went to the body and shone his light on it. It was Martin.
"The funeral's tomorrow," John said a little while later as they ate the omelet John had cooked. "Mycroft wants to come by this afternoon to discuss everything."
John was so supercharged with anger that he reached across the table without hesitating for a second, snatched up Sherlock's right hand and twisted it inward until Sherlock lay across the wooden table in an attempt to escape the pain. John pushed Sherlock's two outermost fingers towards the back of his hand so hard that they threatened to snap.
Sherlock had asked him to stay here at the Baer while he went to meet Moriarty in the Dossen lodge. Moriarty wanted to speak to him in private, and he'd promised. John was supposed to stay at the hotel, secure the base camp of the operation, serve as the intermediary between Sherlock and Mycroft.
"We need to occupy ourselves somehow, don't we? Let's just start." John held out one hand to Sherlock, who reluctantly sank to his knees beside him. John scooched in close and draped the second blanket around both of their shoulders. "Let's make sure from the start that we don't get chilled."
They looked at each other without speaking. John had been living here over the past few days, just like before. The only difference was the fact that he'd been sleeping in Sherlock's bed. He'd simply done it, and Sherlock had simply accepted it. A silent agreement. They hadn't spoken a word about it. The bed was big enough for two. But now there was Sophie.
Sherlock lingered on the C for a long time. Then plumbed the depths of the A, the entryway to new worlds. Dreamy. Open. Directionless. Sherlock fiddled aimlessly around the A for a bit before resuming the theme that was fixed in his head and hands. The old theme. The original theme. Sherlock played it the way it sounded inside his ear. But it wasn't the same theme from the beginning. It was the same melody. But it was on a different level. Sherlock couldn't control it. He let his hands play. He listened to himself in the darkness of the room, his eyes closed. It was the theme; but his fingers re-interpreted it, the differences minimal – a couple of notes here and there, a triplet breaking out, a ritardando, a pause, a sudden withdrawal to a pianissimo with a narrative intensity, secrets hidden in the background. And the clear statement of the concluding descent to the tonic.
John dropped his forehead to my shoulder, just for a moment, and we both understood that we meant our closeness, not Rosie's dirty bottom which needed cleaning just then.
Sherlock paced nervously up and down in the living room. Rose was on the laptop, following along with the events in Holloway. Her agent had reported that John was in the internet cafe. She herself was at the door, covering him. She and John had both left the infirmary in order to attend to this task. John had wrapped the warden around his finger by applying all of his charm until she'd accepted his coffee and shortly thereafter fallen into a deep sleep. It was extremely risky. If a supervisor or guard walked by to check on the presumed emergency, it would all be over.
"Let's say prayers in the church tonight, John," Sherlock said as he slipped his mobile phone into the breast pocket of his jacket.
After the wine, the men lay down. One after another, on their stomachs, their faces buried in their arms. John imitated them. Soon, they were all lying on the floor. Silence spread amongst them. A warm, satisfied silence. John felt foggy from the wine. His stomach was full, and he was tired. He was startled at the feelings inside him, in the wake of his earlier racing heart and wide-eyed disbelief. Catharsis, peace, fulfillment.
Mycroft smiled. "Oh, it's just a hop, skip and jump. London to Zurich, barely eighty minutes. With my private jet, of course. Your journey from Meiringen by train must have taken – let me see – a hundred and eighty-two minutes. Including transfers. Not including the passport check." Mycroft smirked.
Sherlock stared off into the distance for several seconds, processing. Then his eyes sought his friend's again. "What does Celine expect of us?" he asked.
"I didn't ask him and I'm not going to. He never had any other purpose than to be with you. YOU left him. YOU need to be willing to give up your solution and find a new path together with him. It's your decision."
John swore. They'd just landed at Heathrow after a seventeen-hour flight via Moscow's Domodedovo airport, and they were already at someone else's disposal. They sat in Mycroft's limousine, the driver bringing them to Mycroft's office. It was late morning in London, the day had just begun. They had a long flight behind them, however, and were dead tired.
John eventually pushed the plate away, rested his left arm on the table, covered his eyes with his hand and cried. Sherlock was helpless for several long seconds. He'd seen John cry before but never in such an intimate moment, just the two of them, so close, never so openly right in front of him. Sherlock reached out his hand, placed it on John's lower right arm where it rested on the table, bare warm skin. He took John's hand, felt the tight, desperate grip, laid his other hand on top. Just held on. Silent. Until John started to sniffle, and then he let go with one hand, took a tissue out of his trouser pocket and handed it to him.
Sometimes things went quickly between them. The greater the tension, the faster. It was good like that. Good for both of them. It was what they knew. It was part of them, their way of making love. Those times when it wasn't a game, but bare necessity. At the urging of their bodies. Maybe of their souls. They caressed each other, satiated. Smiled into each other's eyes. So familiar. So much of home. John nipped at Sherlock's lips.
Sophie only stayed a few more days. Sherlock and John spent them with her at the hospital. A congenital heart defect. John sat beside his daughter's bed practically day and night, where she was hooked up to various machines. Sherlock stayed with John when he was with Sophie, when John gave her his pinky, which she gripped firmly with her tiny fist. He stayed with Sophie when John went to lie down for a couple of hours. Then he held out his hand, stroked the tiny fist, offered his own pinky finger, amazed at the strength with which she held on. And he watched in misery the tormented sleep of the little child, attached to all those tubes.
The song was stuck in his head. He set down the violin and bow, flung open the window, breathed in the hot, used summer air that immediately came in. It smelt of exhaust, crude oil, chlorine, stagnant water, sweat and sun block. Sherlock inhaled it greedily into this lungs. A strange, bewildering world.
"I'm afraid not," said Rose. "The records on the server will point us to whoever's controlling Copernicus."
Finally, Sherlock said, "Yes, thank you," and started to follow the monk. "Are you responsible for the candles?"
Or was Sherlock just that socially backwards, and simply didn't know how to communicate? How to deal with a relationship? And if so: was that any kind of foundation? No. That was no good either. John wasn't willing to spend his life as a willing victim.
Sherlock continued pacing. John closed his eyes and tried to relax. Dave had invited him to the Celtic festival celebrating the first cutting tomorrow night. John didn't know what to make of it. On the one hand, it would allow him to be with Sherlock, but on the other hand Sherlock's role as the victim would be ruined - if it hadn't already been. At the latest when they'd started the couples therapy. Had Sherlock's plan failed? Or was Sherlock wrong? Was he on the wrong trail?
Sherlock felt the quivering in John's body and realised there were no more barriers, they could love each other without constraints, in a physical sense as well, here in their shared flat, secure, unobserved, a private matter between the two of them, their own responsibility, no explanations owed to anyone. Free. No barriers. Responsibility. Panic overcame him.
John. It was a way to include John, to reduce the distance between them. It was a way to work with him again. And John was just the right man for the job. Sherlock missed working with him, the back-and-forth, the ease with which they understood each other. He missed John. Even here, while he was on a case. Sherlock was shocked by how much he missed him. Their progress on the case was difficult and slow. It was starting to get on his nerves. Rose, Lestrade, and himself: they weren't a team that was destined for success. He needed John.
. Sherlock didn't know why the choice had fallen on that old song. It ensnared his ear, his heart, his head, his fingers, the strings, the wood, the bow. He played the melody, carefully following its trail. The tentative first verse was succeeded by a clear, confident second. A gentle third. The traditional tune touched something deep inside him. The straightforwardness of the melody, its clarity and strength, with that profound melancholy in the background. The feeling of warmth and familiarity, the longing, the sadness and the loneliness.
"It will push the fire into the cabin through the chimney," she said. "You must not light the stove. Absolutely no fires when the foehn comes through. Inside or out. Is that clear? It won't take long before it starts to rain and everything is over. Have you understood? Oh, and one other thing: close everything up tight. Sometimes things start flying around. And no matter what you do, don't use the cableway."
"We sought sanctuary in Benedict," Sherlock whispered. John could have sworn that his voice sounded broken.
"Peace be with you, my brothers," a low, gentle voice said finally. "I'm sorry, but the church is closed. You can't pray here at this time of night."
Four sessions. That was how long he'd talked about Eurus, explained what had happened, spoken of his parents and Mycroft. Victor. Redbeard. Everything he'd suppressed and only rediscovered recently. Sketchy memories. Fragments of happiness and light. Along with a deep awareness of a darkness. Confusion. Fear. A disturbing realisation of being alone. Abandoned. Betrayed. Lied to. Lied to by everyone. The decision never to trust anyone, never to believe anything again. And the crystal-clear knowledge that he needed to be strong all on his own. To lift himself above things on his own power in order to survive. The need to be good. Better than the others. "My mental superiority protects me," he'd said. With utter conviction.
"A single detail in a pile of similar details," John recounted. "Something that fits the context without sticking out. Something mundane. Public knowledge. So familiar that it doesn't draw your attention because you take it for granted."
The young woman who'd boarded the train in Berne was dozing with the earbuds of her iPod in her ears and didn't notice. John felt he needed more to rid himself of his burden, and said softly, "Sherlock."
The flat smelled stale and unaired, like night and sleep. A half-full wine glass stood on the side table by the couch in the living room. The television remote lay next to it. John had been watching telly and got up in the middle, leaving his half-finished glass. Had Rosie started crying, calling for him?
The clockmaker carefully took the casing in his hands, pushed and pulled on the splintered wood. Examined what was left of the shattered glass.
"There are suspicions," Lestrade answered. "One of the two other men who were killed lived with a woman, the third was a bachelor. Neither of them had any well-defined relationships with men – at least not officially. But since they were fairly heavily involved with the club, we assume they were at least interested in men, however you want to define that interest."
Sherlock laid his hand on John's arm and looked into the churning grey eyes. The water-coloured blue was mild and clear.
Dr Kenny's assistant stood at the door. John tore himself away from the picture, unsure whether it really said 221B. He went to the door, his mind in disarray. When he turned around again to glance one last time at the collage, the blood ran cold in his veins. His knees turned to jelly and he had to cling to the door frame for a moment. Across the entire length of the picture, from one side to the other like a shadow, barely visible even from a distance, stood in giant letters: JOHN.
And in the long, utter stillness surrounding the words, something broke in Sherlock. An ancient vessel. It fractured at a central point with a hollow but painful crack, a fissure that immediately spread across the encrusted surface, through the dull patina of all those years, splitting and tearing apart the hardened varnish. The vessel broke apart and tumbled down. Tumbled and tumbled into the endless darkness. Sherlock felt it falling. Falling into the nothingness. The impact broke through his foundation. And Sherlock fell. Fell into the shards, into the emptiness, into the hole in the foundation.
"John. The doorbell rang and he went to the door to discuss something with the neighbour. I used the opportunity to peek into his bedroom. That's all. I was there as part of an investigation, John, not a social call."
The conversation was brief. Sherlock listened and stood up. He was about to leave, almost at the door, when he finally said into the phone: "We'll be right there!"
Twenty minutes. That would be 12:45. Damn it! John organised the patient files, finished his report, got everything ready to hand over. Seal was a few minutes late, had to take a look at everything first. It was long past 1 p.m. when John was finally able to leave the hospital and try desperately to hail a cab.
Maybe John felt Sherlock's eyes on him, or felt him move. He lazily turned his head and looked at Sherlock. Such breathtakingly beautiful eyes. The grey deep and open. It might have been the intimate stillness of the moment, the dream-like atmosphere. Sherlock gazed into John's eyes and sank. Lost his foothold. John didn't look away. Their eyes stayed locked on each other for a long time. A flow of information. A flood of emotion.
It was a man's voice, and it confused Sherlock. It sounded familiar, but it wasn't precisely the voice he remembered, and it couldn't be anyway. Magnussen was dead. He'd shot him himself. Sherlock turned around. Three weapons were aimed at him: two revolvers with silencers and a machine gun. Two of the men were masked; the young man had apparently taken his mask off in order to let him in. Sherlock put up his hands when one of the men signalled him to.
"My arms are open," was Sherlock's simple reply. He knew that he'd fallen long ago. Completely and irrevocably.
John was a mess. He leaned back next to Sherlock, sank back against the rough wooden wall, tried to relax and closed his eyes too. The stillness. Just the water trough. The tinkling of the goats. Cool morning air. The aroma of the herbs in the meadow, of water and rock and ice. The warm wooden wall of the cabin. The fire in the kitchen. Gentle crackling. A faint whiff of ashes and home. The scent of coffee still hovering in the air.
Holmes kills Holmes for Watson. He'd agreed to the deal. He'd counted on himself being the victim.  Or maybe Mycroft. A Holmes for a Watson. Not the first time. Probably not. A Holmes for a Watson. The jump from Bart's. The muzzle aimed at Mycroft's heart. The cold barrel against his own neck. Countdown. A Holmes for a Watson. Eurus's old game.
"It broke," Sherlock said, meeting the pale eyes. He knew right then that everything was understood between them. That there were no secrets. And that everything was fine as it was.
Sherlock knew full well that they were at Sherrinford. He saw the woman. It was Eurus. Someone had cleaned her up. Her neck was covered up to her chin with a white sheet. They'd been told why. Eurus had virtually decapitated herself with the E string of her violin, had cut through her neck to her spine with the thin wire. She'd built herself an efficient killing machine with the eight strings – the four from her violin and the four replacement strings Sherlock had brought her. They'd found her sitting by the wall in a pool of her own blood, the thin string just barely holding her spine against the wall. The freight lift for the kitchen had come to a halt with a jerk. They'd found the strings wound around the electric motor, blocking it. And then Eurus, and behind her the tiny hole in the wall, the wires strung through the wall along the access cables, into the lift's motor box.
Sherlock paused in cleaning the violin, just for a second, before rubbing the fingerboard clean, polishing the scroll, and placing the instrument in its case. He still wasn't looking at John when he said harshly, "If you come back, I need it to be a definitive decision. Not a trial." A couple of heartbeats later, he added, his voice cracking, "I won't be able to take you leaving a second time."
Sherlock rummaged in the box and took out the bird's skull – it was astonishingly light – and placed it in John's hand. The spine. Tiny, perfect vertebrae. Incredible.
We walk at a brisk pace, mute and firmly fixed on our goal, accompanied only by the chirping of the cicadas. The weak light from the waxing half-moon which hangs in the night sky enables us to maintain our bearings. I hear John's heavy breathing beside me in the quiet of the night. I smell him. The scent of his clothing mixed with soap and the emanations of his skin. It fairly drives me mad. This outing whose object is so obvious and sinful, whose goal causes me to tremble with desire and hunger.
"Precisely that. He went to his room after lunch one day and hasn't been seen since. He left no clues behind."
"Stay where you are," he said and put the plastic bag on the coffee table in front of Sherlock. "I'll just put Rosie to bed and get out of these things."
Sherlock didn't answer. The bottomless fatigue for one thing. The time that slipped away between meetings with Eurus. He simply had no strength left to see John.
"If you go down the street from the abbey, there's a little hotel about half a kilometre away the left. It's in a side street, Cupid's Arrow. I'll be there in 20 minutes."
I crouch down and point to the sheep droppings, in which the outline of a dog's paw is clearly imprinted. The claws are distinct. They dig deep into the dropping, all the way to the soil beneath. The dog was running. I look up at Watson, who is standing beside me on the meadow and gazing down at me with an inquisitive expression.
John ordered a simple meal at the hotel restaurant. Hash browns au gratin, with local cheese from the Alps. He'd showered and freshened up, packed his bags. He was tired and hungry. His leg hurt. After dinner, he ordered a quarter bottle of red wine. He selected a Swiss wine from the Valais region that he was already familiar with. Heavy sun, meagre soil. It wasn't one of the best wines. It was an honest wine from high-altitute vineyards. At the edge of what was possible. It wasn't perfect. It was just what nature allowed it to be. It skirted the limit. Sour, tart, and genuine. The people here drank it out of a sense of sentimentality and patriotism. John felt an affinity to that attitude.
John looked at Sherlock, meeting his pale blue eyes, where surprise flared up briefly. Realisation. In that fraction of a second, a clue that suddenly brought light to the darkness.
Whatever had happened, it left its marks behind. They'd slept together, and the world had changed. Their own little world in the rooms at 221B Baker Street first and foremost. A dam had broken. They'd granted each other admittance, discovered and tasted each other and found the results delicious. It wasn't something that could just be forgotten.
"John?" Sherlock turned over, half asleep. A hand brushed John, wrapped around his shoulder. "You need to sleep, John," Sherlock whispered. "Just sleep, come on."
"Yeah," he said finally. "It was a while ago, though. The tattoo in this picture's two years old at most. How old is the picture?"
No one said anything at first. Phil's good-natured gaze rested on John for a few seconds. Then he looked away with a smile when he registered Sherlock's reaction.
Sometimes arousal washed over him without warning when he nestled in close to John, when he inhaled John's scent, and he caressed John and awakened his lust too, and they made love while still half asleep. John let him. Feeling John's semen, feeling his own, was like a nodal point in the chaos of his emotions. A place where things which remained nameless came together and formed connections. Opening a conduit to his grief and giving him peace. Connecting him not only with John, but also with life and death and the knowledge of creation and impermanence.
John held his gaze. That had changed too. The way Sherlock looked at him. They'd never looked deeply into each other's eyes in the light of day since they'd slept together. So close, so direct. Sherlock's eyes were unusually light and beautiful.
There was only one person in all of London who could do it. And he lived on the other side of the city. Sherlock rang for a taxi. And while the woman who showed up like clockwork every two weeks – John had found her and made all the arrangements – took care of the puddle of rain and sodden carpet in the living room, washed the blanket from the couch and cleaned the flat, Sherlock set out with the parts of the clock in a shopping bag.
He knew himself that he'd avoided John's eye before answering. Just for a fraction of a second, a set of signals he didn't want to send. He'd given himself away. He was lying to John, hiding the truth from him. And he wasn't so naïve as to think that John wouldn't notice. Of course he'd noticed. Sherlock couldn't hide it, couldn't lie to John anymore. Sherlock didn't know exactly what had happened between them, what had changed. The facade was no longer working. He was betraying himself. Something in him was betraying him. Some sort of guilty conscience perhaps. A sense of responsibility. An emotion that kept getting in the way, that took control of his body language. Subtle, but efficient.
Sherlock put the phone back together, then sat on the only safe spot on the couch where springs wouldn’t reach out and bite.
"Apparently if I don't watch it, he'll have my job, and I'll find myself without means to provide for my family." The inspector's tone is dry as paper.
“I loved that book as a kid,” John observes, then wants to kick himself. Not a good thing to say to a man who has no childhood memories. Then again, maybe he’s reading it because he has some memory of it. Will seems to ignore him. "Good night, then."
He pulls out the cell Beca Bellin provided. It’s a reminder of what he will no longer have. Ironic he’s using it to text Helena. He’s coming around the side of the building along the drive and isn’t surprised to see the black sedan driving slowly behind him.
“I care about a good many things in this world, Dr. Watson— mummy and my brother are at the top of my list. I do not need you to judge me, and I do not care what you or the world think of me,” Mycroft says. “I do care, however, who is in charge and what the person does with that charge.”
As most of you know who see my updates on Tumblr, the line "sometimes it's better never to remember" was on all of the promo work for this, and I fully intended to use it in the story. That Mummy says it, should not be a surprise. What is surprising is the choice Sherlock makes in the epilogue. To leave something un-investigated, even if it's his childhood memories buried in a treasure chest, is not something that's at all characteristic of Sherlock Holmes. Except that it is. There are instances in ACD's work where Sherlock decides to leave well enough alone. In our story, this is Sherlock's "Norbury."  It's his Mum who tells Sherlock, remembering isn't always for the best. I'm not sure all my readers will agree with Sherlock's choice, but that's the way I thought best to end it.
“I can see why you chose this place. No one would know it was here.” John scratches his chin as he surveys Sherlock’s sketches pinned to the wall. “Who are they?”
“I was in the lab with only one door and no windows, I couldn’t smell them, but I felt them. I touched the steel table, then pressed my hands and called on my powers. Nothing! My body betrayed me. Instead, my heat erupted and my scent filled the room. I was trapped.”
Yesterday, Sherlock had smoked marijuana with him. It was an experiment in human behavior, and John Watson behaved predictably. At first. He became more paranoid than a hippo on thin ice.
Before Sherlock could reach the cord to turn on the light to get a better look, a loud bang echoed and we were thrown into darkness.
The man was dressed like a student, except he had been carrying a briefcase. An expensive one, from the look of it. The man pulled himself up to his feet before John could offer him a hand.
John Watson did seem more intelligent than the average American college student. He had an excellent understanding of decomposition, which he began to rattle off to Sherlock non-stop for over twenty minutes.
From that day forward until the day the foundry closed, John never again resented the odd, foul smell on his dad's clothes because he knew that that was the invisible badge of honor his dad wore.
The man just had a seizure hours ago, and instead of being his caring doctor, John is thinking of what it would be like to pin Sherlock’s arms down on that patchwork mattress and fuck him into it.
Only a speck is this tiny tech buried inside my brain. Referred to as the "modicum tempus" since one has little time before one's brain liquefies into mush when the prisoner strays too far from the source. In this case, the source was in the hands of my keeper. I do know where the source is—hidden in his safe. As if I couldn't open it, but to do that I needed to be well. My fate is in the hands of Paylar the Terrible, ah! Now I recall my keeper's name!
….” I bounce in the chair, “and with a torch burning away at the rope, each thread popping one-by-one.”
The wind blew in like it was heralding a king, but Moriarty looked more like a child-prince as he slid down the sharp snowbank. He hit the floor and bounced to his feet like an olympic tumbler sticking his landing. Snow flew across the room as he shook his head.
“I returned too late. My father had already passed, and the funeral was over. I came home to an empty house. What security that remained after Mycroft’s exit left our estate and the laboratories. Even the most loyal employees didn’t see the need to stay. There was nothing to stay for,” I told him.
How could he blame Molly for crushing on Sherlock when he had to admit that he did too? Sure the man was a giant dick, but those chiseled cheekbones, cupid-bow lips, and eyes that went from green to blue in a flash made up for some of his shortcomings. And that didn't even include his baritone British accent and those long long legs. Or that he really was an interesting person once he decided to let down his guard and open up like he did last night.
“With Eurus’s help. John, think. Realize. Since the moment we both encountered Eurus, she made us misdirect our attention, our perceptions.”
As soon as they reach the island, Sherlock takes John to one of his favorite spots as a child: the foreshore where the visible ribs of a ship stand out of the sand, sadly not those of a Viking ship, but a Victorian wreck.
“You’ve been shot in the side,” Sherlock says, putting pressure on the wound. He looks up to see Winston standing next to Lestrade.
Only one more chapter, then the epilogue. At the beginning of the week when revising this chapter, I went in thinking of how to add to what our vision was for the ending of this story. We'd written this last summer, but revised much as we went, changing basic premises and points in the plot. As the story progressed, it's called for a lot more revision. All for the better.
John looked around as she busied herself pouring the coffee in her make-shift kitchen on top of a counter of milk crates and plywood. She had a collection of posters lining the walls. “Keep on Truckin’” joined with a large collection of felt Peanuts banners, including Snoopy sitting on top of his doghouse shouting, “Curse you, Red Baron!”
Sherlock is about to step away when John lightly grasps Sherlock’s wrist and slowly raises from his seat.
“N-no,” Sherlock stutters. “N-not your fault. Mine. I don’t deserve...” Sherlock hand flops into John’s chest. “This.”
I’ve gone over the note again and again. I’ve never been one to rely on instinct. It’s always deductive logic, but I admit there are times I let myself simply react. Like now. I take John’s hand. He doesn’t pull away.
My eyes scan the large blob of a being head to toe that’s before me. A mass of a man with no neck, voluminous torso, and legs the size of twigs attached to clown feet.
“It’s complicated.” The man on the bed sighs, a struggle warring behind those eyes. “I don’t know who I am,” he whispers.
“It's late,” John says stepping out on the deck quietly. He sits down next to Sherlock and dangles his legs over the edge of the
"John, no. Only a little longer," he called from behind me as I crawled toward Marilyn. The cold of the freezer floor burned my hands through the cuffs of my jumper sleeves.
The next morning, he wakes to knocking on the door and muffled voices. John staggers out in his old flannel bathrobe. With coffee in one hand, Sherlock stands next to the flat door in his old blue dressing gown and scrubs. A second later, John is jarred awake with a huge hug from the inspector.
Thomas shakes his head. John understands the paramedic's frustration, but his concerns run toward Sherlock not Sophy. Through his haze, John recalls their mum’s words. How Sherlock blocked Eurus from his memory. How Eurus burned the family home, did it as they slept. She tried to kill them all. What effect is listening to all this having on Sherlock?
Captain Obvious hands John the letter, and John's stomach drops when he recognizes the handwriting on the envelope.
His head continues to throb along with his muscles, as though he's chased Sherlock across half of the rooftops of London. When he tries to sit up, he heaves what's left of his breakfast off the side of the small cot he apparently is lying on. He recognizes the hum of a jet engine. He opens his eyes. Some sort of small jet.
. That's where I got the name for the ketch. There were shipwrecks on the reefs here. They were believed to have buried their booty of silver and gold stolen from Incan temples somewhere on this island. The story has it that all of them died but for one survivor."
“Frustrated you couldn’t find them? That’s because they were never here. But I’ll give you all the records pertaining to the our pharma operations.”
I always feel a bit melancholy when I end a story. I know I have readers who feel the same. I know I feel that way when I come to the end of fanfic I’ve followed for weeks and months (and in some cases, years as with Bittergreens’ Over the Fathoms Deep. I think I shall cry a river when that ends). At least let us wipe those tears and take solace knowing that in this version, Sherlock and John get the happy ever after they so deserve.
He clears his throat and looks directly at Sherlock, ignoring John, who is becoming angrier by the second.
“It would have been nice to let me know what you’d planned,” John says with a groan, then looks up at Sherlock with a pained smirk.
As he studies, a secret smile appears on John’s lips. His eyelids flutter. It's a good dream. Sherlock hopes that smile is for him. Sherlock smiles back, and it doesn't matter that John can't see. Curled up on the bed, equally entranced is Blackbeard.
“A man with no guilt,” Sherlock continues. “Who can solve any puzzle. I’ll work in your labs, or I’ll embrace becoming an assassin. No need to dirty your pretty hands with strangulations— unless of course you enjoy it too much to give it up. I’ll gladly choke the life out of people. Sounds exciting. I could even start with Mycroft.”
He's almost sure enough to believe it's safe to swim in the lagoon after the tides fall, since the sharks and stingrays seem to stick to the inlets during high tide. He longs to swim with the green sea turtles and yellow goatfish. He read in one of the books that people often swim in lagoons. He wishes he had some snorkeling gear.
He needs the key. He pats his trouser pockets. Nothing. He tries to pick the lock, but science and logic don’t work here. His mind mansion doors have sealed him off again!
Suddenly, the path I’m walking and my father disappear. From there a maelstrom of real moments in time meld into phantasms. I am twelve-years old again in the reoccurring nightmare of my youth where deep inside the Hidden Hills, I’m crawling through the caverns toward a distant, flickering light. When I reach it, my hands and knees are bloodied, but I care little about them. Instead, it’s the light's source that holds my fascination.
“Is that why you stayed? Wanted to keep an eye on him so he didn’t nick something else from the stores? You were our special task force in charge of finding the locker bandit, I’d think you would want to hand him over.”
Bolts of lightning shoot from the orb. The chimeras are no more. In a fraction of a second, my world blows apart as well. My arm is ripped from my body. Gory shreds of my mangled flesh and bone are sprayed across the cave walls and are mingled with the remains of the chimeras. All that is left on my arm is the jagged bone of my humerus above the radial groove.
The knot in his groin said yes, he would. John shifted his beat-up Camero into third as he merged with the traffic.
“I’ve also read that it’s painful to drown. Hurts like a bitch. Nothing is too painful for you after what you’ve done to my mum and others like Peter here. And the best part of it all is I can finally shut that mouth of yours.”
"It must be feeding," Sherlock says, a little winded but voice filled with awe. He's bouncing up and down like a kid at a carnival. John breathes hard next to him. His leg hurts a bit, but it felt good racing after Sherlock again. Sherlock smiles fondly at him.
“That is a key, and it is important, but it’s not the key I need-- that key is inside here.” Mycroft leans across the table and taps the side of Sherlock’s head. “It is a blueprint. A treasure map. A genetic marker.
“I want you to know,” John says, looking down at the rose, “that you’re more to me than some fading flower. I’m such rubbish at words like this but since that day I was hanging on to the ledge by the tips of my fingers, and you pulled me up, I’ve been happy. That’s not something I’ve felt in a very long time. I want you have that too. Some happiness.”
As for the cryptic message and who might be compromising Greg’s department? Sherlock says it has to do with
John sighs. “Okay. We don’t know each other, but I do remember you pulling me on to the roof. So no, I didn’t repay that by knocking you on the head.” He reaches out with the tablet and sees the man flinch, very slightly. Maybe not so confident. “You did injure your head, though.”
The files are endless, but he wades through them. He must find out where she’s stashing all of them! Probably one of the buildings adjacent to the house. As he searches through, so much of the property acquired through Kradites’ operations are by Andropa.
“Just people,” William says. “Some are the people who lived here— the people on the walls downstairs. Others I’m not sure if they’re people from my past or ones I’ve just imagined.”
“Welcome to the West side of the recovery ward, ladies and...ladies, it’s just ladies this morning, isn’t it? Always check in at the nurses’ station— hello— and
“Yeah, that happens. I had one with mine just yesterday.” She looked at John. “But I think it’s more serious than a little argument.”
Sherlock and I have done some detective work over “brother dear.” Seems there’s all sorts of theories online about how he caused Pandora, from being behind secret medical testing and trying to thin the population. I hope this puts to rest Sherlock’s beliefs that he caused Pandora. At least Mycroft did that much for his brother— told Sherlock he wasn’t to blame.
Beca crosses her leg and leans in closer to Sherlock. “If you need anything, let the nurses know. I heard they’ll be keeping you overnight for observation, but you should be free to return to John’s flat in the morning.”
Final difficulty was the sex. Sex is always the hardest for me to write. It’s funny because in the classroom I have no problem talking about phallic imagery. But that’s a whole lot different than writing a sex scene. Part of it stems from comments and second guessing myself as I write. I am fine with criticism of my work except when it comes to choices I’d written about regarding sex. This is where comments are problematic for me. Someone can comment about plot or characterization, and I'm not bothered at all. But comment about how I wrote a sex scene, and it stifles me. It's not unusual that someone will comment how the sex scene I wrote was too short. Personally, when I read fanfiction, it’s the last thing I’m interested in (sometimes I even skip it to get to the plot). Instead, I love reading about what leads up to the sex act—I love mental foreplay the most. I can ignore comments about abbreviated sex scenes for the most part, but not comments about  who’s top vs. who’s bottom. I like equal opportunity when it comes to top and bottom. Fandoms like
The next morning after a fitful night John comes out of his bedroom to find Will already up. He has completely made himself at home. He’s dressed and sipping on coffee at the table. He’s left a mess in the kitchen: coffee grounds, water splashed across the counter and floor.
Sherlock's finger slips inside the corner and tears it open. He reads it, then hesitates before handing it to John.
“I suppose after all I have been through recently, I can live a little dangerously,” Mycroft says, taking a small bite of egg. “Very good.”
He steps out of the police vehicle as Anderson grunts goodbye, and it’s raining. Of course it is. He climbs the stairs to the flat. His one set of footsteps sound so hollow, and Blackbeard’s lonesome meow at the door sounds like John’s future.
Sherlock was back. If he ever left. John wasn’t quite sure. His Sherlock doesn’t believe in luck or ghosts, but it was immediately evident that Sebastian Moran did believe.
John rereads the letter. He's almost certain that it's Sherlock's handwriting, but it makes no sense. Why would he enlist Irene Adler and a gang of thugs?
He needs more information from Mycroft. The only reason he’s tolerated that man’s aloof and arrogant presence is to understand their shared past.
"When she retires for the evening, just as she always has as long as she's lived here. She will wait for us to arrive first, but she does have a routine that she's followed for years."
Sherlock stares out into the shimmering lagoon, but shifts closer to John. The nearly-full moon casts their shadows into the water below.
“You let your brother live in an attic without a memory or medical attention so you could play puppet master?!” John shouts.
Nothing mattered now except what would happen next. The faint silhouette of another man came into shape before his eyes. Was it the devil actually coming to life? No! He wasn't the one. Sherlock ducked behind a tree.
Sherlock always knew dogs smiled but can now attest that cats do too. Blackbeard sits, tail motioning his new master’s sleeping form. They’ve been watching together for hours. While Sherlock isn’t licking his paws or cleaning behind his ears, he occasionally stretches his back against the door frame like a cat.
story you were reading yesterday?" Sherlock asked. He sat down on the bed, leaving a few feet between them, deftly shuffling with one hand, then seamlessly flicking them off to the other.
I try to think. A way out. I had a plan. Where is it? I must not forget. It's drowning in the pain. Where is my mind? It is often all I have. As long as that thread of a connection remains, I might find a way to escape. I must. It's not only my fate I need to salvage.
“That’s fucked. My wife was a genius, and I’m certainly not! She died. I didn’t. My daughter never even got a chance to be extraordinary!”
John’s not so sure. He berates himself for not checking him this morning before they left. He’s Will’s physician, or had he forgotten that? He’s so caught up in having a live body to communicate with that he forgot his duty.
John found making friends easy enough, but these first days were busy—finding where his classes were, buying books, and getting settled took all his time. He didn’t have much time for making friends. He supposed he was making excuses for not getting very close to other people. He knew just from the last couple days that living within these paper-thin walls of *Baker Hall, he’d get to know people a little too intimately.
He’d hurt them all. It doesn’t have to be with a gun or a knife. Just as easily be with hurtful words and deeds. He believes it.
Sherlock followed a safe distance behind. His blond-streaked hair obscured his face, and the dragging hems of the man's jeans scuffed across the sidewalk as he rushed to his car.
"How can you be not sure? You're his roommate. Don't you talk about girls and sex and that? I thought that's what guys talked about when having beers."
While the body had been removed, the crime scene remained undisturbed. It was indeed gruesome. Blood covered the floor.
“I’ve thought a lot about this,” Sherlock says, “and I deduced that you are what I need. I want you.”
As John turned to go back up the sidewalk to the front door, a blue El Camino rolled into his driveway. A woman with long black wavy hair and big bug-eyed sunglasses sat behind the wheel. She looked vaguely familiar to John. He cautiously walked up to the car. After everything he’d been through recently, he was leary. She rolled down her window.
He waited for Sherlock to argue with him, but he didn’t. It seemed he was fine with it. As predicted, no one jumped them the moment they opened the door. Instead there was a wall of snow as high as John’s head.
“Then forewarned is forearmed. Get the rope and the rifle,” John said. “I’ll get the Colt. Like it or not, we’re going out. And don’t try to tell me you didn’t plan on doing this. Why the hell else would you have cut up the rope?”
“Most of the flowers chosen for the hothouse attract the butterflies and bees housed within. Note how the vents are covered in fine mesh. I stumbled upon it in my study of the city, its streets and hidden spaces. It’s the only place I can recall that a person would have those particular flowers during this time of year on— as you pointed out— their socks.”
We slip under the stream. The water washes over us both, and John’s arm anchors me. He soaps up a flannel and hands it to me, but not before kissing my hand. His lips press delicately to each knuckle. The water is warm, but I shiver. As the water sluices over us, he washes my back, my thighs. His circular movements and massaging fingers relax my tense muscles. Having him touch me this intimately is rapture, but it’s nothing compared to when he reaches for the shampoo. God, he washes my hair. His sure fingers massage the lather into my scalp. His doctor hands take care to ensure my stitches remain dry. All the while, we’re both aroused, our cocks bumping each other's legs and buttocks. It’s the most exquisite torture. I don’t want it to end, and I am sorely disappointed when he turns off the tap.
He sets the glass aside, and his hand trembles adjusting the drip on my IV. I see a story behind this beyond his obvious injury to the shoulder. It’s then that I notice my own arm. My automail is also gone!
“One would think he would be over his infatuation, but he seems to carry with him a romantic notion that you killed yourself jumping off the campus clock tower to spare him,” Mycroft answered.
“Well, I hate to say hi and run, but my friend needs me out there. Until later, okay?” John said, pulling him by his wounded leg as the man screamed. Probably not a good thing to do, but he was here to kill them, wasn’t he?
"She knew we were expected from the note. She looked down at the note and thought we had already left. Or at least she thought it for a second, until she didn't remember we'd come at all. She's left the kitchen by now."
Before they lowered him into the ground, I crushed the red rose petals and sprinkled them over John’s coffin. I waited until almost everyone was gone and bowed my head. Those left thought I was praying. I wasn’t. I was asking John the same thing he’d asked me after I jumped. I was asking him not to be dead.
John blinked at him and blushed. "I don't like it, and I don't share that information with just anyone."
Sherlock jerked away and over to the burner. He turned the knob to off, then blindly grabbed the handle. White-hot pain shot through his hand.
"Of course. I assure you, what you've heard is very one-sided," he said. He splayed his fingers out on the desk and leaned forward. "He told you I was obsessed with him. I assure you, it is the other way around. Young Sherlock Holmes is a most troubled young man."
He hears a woman call from the doorway. She’s dressed in a tasteful blue floral print dress. “John Watson, is that you sneaking your new roommate up the stairs without so much as an introduction?”
It was like Sherlock Holmes was from another planet. It went completely over his head that this Molly was making a huge pass at him.
Sophy turns John’s gun again to Mycroft. Sherlock looks down at his chest as she does. The red dot over his own heart disappears and then like magic blinks back.
Will shouts, “Behind you!” John twists just in time to dodge the man barreling up behind him. The big man falls turns to see the barrel of John's pistol pointed at him, and backs away a few steps.
I am anxious to visit his family’s lab, but despite what he’s said, I am not certain if I would be welcome.
It had all started out with a few doubts. Doubts, doubts, doubts. He never had had doubts before John Watson. Not many, anyway. At least not as many as he had now.
Looking at the concern shining down at him from John Watson’s eyes, Sherlock wants to experience sex. Lots of it. With John. That’s why when John tells Sherlock to “lie down,” it’s like a Pavlovian bell goes off that's connected to his penis.
. Beca, conversely, has discovered that John was in the officer corps, and he suspects she exploits his tendency to jump in headfirst when he thinks he's spotted an enemy to defeat.
Sherlock killed a man. Not that John hasn't done the same for Sherlock. He's suddenly unsure what to say to him. Thank you?
Just as Sherlock imagined what was in John Watson's head, he hoped that Watson did the same. That John might be interested in something more with Sherlock and wonder if Sherlock were interested in him. That John might lay on the bottom bunk, staring up and wondering what Sherlock Holmes might be like to kiss.
After John spat on his hand and coated his cock roughly with it, he shoved it where there was no going back. This was it. He had made a deal with the devil, sealed it with every hard thrust. John wanted to ask him what it felt like. It sure sounded like it hurt. But he heard the man beneath him on all fours utter moans that mixed with pain and pleasure. John plunged in harder, going deeper into the forbidden place.
Also, the thefts completely stopped after the Tesco incident, further support for my hypothesis that  the imposter and the thief are one and the same.
“Memory loss from head injury,” John says, giving what he feels may be the most plausible diagnosis. “You’ve had more than one. One old injury. Here.” John points the back of his own head. ”Hard to say how long ago. Possibly two years or more. The other injury here is fairly recent— the last few months. Have you experienced seizures before this?”
He brushes his index finger along John’s length.“And what a delightful effect my playing has on you.” John bites his lip and moans. Sherlock slips up between John’s thighs and then up to John’s lips and bites them too. John pushes up against Sherlock’s hand, every muscle in his body screaming, “touch me.”
He couldn’t drop that line of thought. Was what he wanted that wrong? Was it wrong to want a man? Was it wrong to trust a man he hardly knew not only with his body, but with his mind?
He waits for me. Rosie waits for me. They’re both standing near the door. I hear them go down the stairs. They’ll wait. Rosie waits, but that doesn’t mean she has to like it.
“I will love watching you suffer,” he said, thrusting the muzzle into Sherlock’s head for emphasis. Moran finished punctuating his thoughts by sitting down hard in the old rocker. The poor chair creaked and the floorboards groaned in complaint.
Sherlock immediately drops to the floor, kneeling next to John. The luger still in Sherlock’s hand, is now trained on Sophy.
Sophy swore she was there to help Sherlock, but nothing she’d done was to protect him. Instead, she gave him a few clothes and a violin that wasn’t his. She took him. On the other hand, while Anthea could come off just as cold, he heard the sincerity in her voice.
“W-where?” I stammer. This time I manage to sit half way up, but I collapse back down into the mattress. I don't have the strength to try again.
My grandmother had stacks and stacks of true crime and detective magazines in the 60s and 70s. Most were awful and tasteless bits with outrageous covers (yeah, they were fun to read). Here’s a glimpse at some of them
"Looks to be a shopping list, but it’s in a different handwriting from what’s on the back of his business card. Not sure whose it is. It may be his wife’s.”
John stands and brushes away the white sand that clings to his legs. The water is barely inches deep as he wades across the inlet, and the blinding sands beneath create a walkway. The water cools his feet as it slips into his sandals. He sighs and looks up at the sun. The sky is hazy blue, yet clear. Hard to believe so much water poured from it just hours ago.
